THUE .SIL-VER I TlIlIiBLLE., \----t- - b BY GEORGE FOSBRRY. ti YeP, sir, I am a universal provider c on a very large scale, and I am preo. pared to supply you at short notice with a everything you can possibly require from your cradle to your grave, I am speaking literally. Metaphor is the r one thing in which the interests of my business will not permit me to deal. With regard to cradles, you on be suited at our establishment with any. thing from a size 1, Untrimmed, Black Jappaned, Fullheight second quality e Child's Cot at 17a 6d., less five per cent. discount for cash, to a Size 2, Trimmued, t -39 inch Infant's Bissinette up to any y price in Black, Cream, and gold, with P Pink, Sky, Cardinal, and Oream nett- t ing. And, as to graves, we have just now i a remarkably nice assortment. Eli- - what'a'the matter? Wandering from the point was II So I was. Really, I must ask you to excuse me I I need hardly tell you that my wife, Mrs.- Brownlow, is very touch looked up to in our neighbourhood, and that we are admitted into the very best society. \- We know this, because we areon visit ing terms with Mrs. Frumpington Beads, and she told us herself she was very particular, which at once put us at our ease. SWell, as I was going to say, we were invited a while ago to Mrs. Frumping ton Boade's private theatricals, for which we supplied the scenery and dresses, sand the musio ; and there I was introduced to one of the prettiest women I ever camne across in my life ; and that is saying a good deal. Mrs. Hurlingham, the lovely lady in question, made herself very agreeable to me. After the theatrical performance she led me away to a quiet corner he hind a screen in the hack balcony. She asked me all about my business, and took the greatest interest in everything I told her. By way of interesting her still more, I alluded to the romantic side of my occupation. She was im mesiely entertained by my description of some of the tricks played by ,too,. omanices and the light.fingered gentry of London upon our customers and upon ourselves. Many a clever shop lifter, I said, is \- for all the world a real lady like your. self. Like te I exclaimed pretty Mrs. Hurlingham, mistaking what I had said. I hastened to correct the impression. Yes, like you ; that is to say-ahem I -as beautiful as you, Mrs. Hurling. ham ; that is to say, not quite so - I flitter myself this was rather neat, Mrs. H. must have thought so too, for it made her laugh. I It ve heard something of the kind before in Paris, she said. Ah, Paris I I repeated. That re minds me that we received a warning a day or two ago from the French police against a very artful woman of this kind who has come over here for change of air. and scene. What is she like i inquired charming Mrs. Hurlingham. What is she like I I echoed ; and then I saw my chance for another bit of smartness. Like, why her description might do for you -alem I Tall, elegant figure, stylishly dressed, possessed of considerable personal charms and most fascinating address. Mra. Hurlingham again laughed heartily at my sally. It was rather a smart one, wasn't it 1 Just as well Mrs. Brownlow was down at supper I Do these-a-thieves ever get punished I asked my fair companion, with a wicked little smile. Always, I replied, in the end I I r.uppose you mean that they in. variably fall into the hands of the police 1 she said. Not exactly, I replied. We seldom prosecute. It would not injure our reputation. For petty pilferers it is almost enough when they are found out in the act. I have known the shock of discovery cure more than one before now. Their conscience punishes them severely. Then you believe in Nemesis, Mr. Brownlow I - I didn't know what Nemesis was ; it wasn't in our catalogue. I believe it is an Egyptian mummy,- and I'd guarantee to get one if you'd give me the favour of your esteemed order. So I said :" Of course I I believe in Nemesis down to the ground. What, she continued, do you really think retlibution is bound to overtake the unscrupulous, however skilful they may be 1 Bound to, I said. You might as well doubt that honesty is the best policy. It is by always selling a good -article and by strict attention to busi ness that I have become a rich man. I said this witht pardonable pride, but I regret to say it did not impress Mrs. Hurlingham as much as it ought to have done. She looked at me some what coldly, and said : I thought shoddy goods and over working employds were the royal road to wealth in these days ! Tlough I am not exactly thin skinned, this remark of hers hurt me. It was spiteful, though it did not apply in the least to me. John Brownlow sells nothing but the best, or second best, articles; and he never keeps his shop girls standing more than ten hours a day. Come, come, added Mrs Hurlingham, when she saw that I didn't care for chaff on such a subject; I didn't mean to offend you, Mr. Brownlight I You won't turn me out of your pre mises when I come there shopping will you i And she smiled sweetly. Not for worlds, ma'am-not for worlds. You shall have anything you like at cost price if you will send me your card to my private room. I was just finishing my sentence, in uas courteous and confidential a manner u I could assume, consistently with my being a married man, you understand, when I became aware of the presence at a third party at the tee-*tetE, My wife had come suddenly round the] iscreen. Mrs. Brownlow didn'tsay anything, but I thought it b sat to make mny bow r to Mrs. Hurlingham. C Time to go my dear; is it; I asked I calmly of Mrs Brownlow. High time ! she replied, very stiffly, as we moved away. And pray, Mr. Brownlow, what is Mrs. Hurlingham going to send her card into your private room for. I needn't trouble you, gentle reader, with the ready explanation I gave. It is beneath a man of my standing to prevaricate. I told the truth. You would believe that I told thile truth, I am sure my wife didn't. . And perhaps you'll be good enough to inform me who this' fascinating young woman is 1 resumed Mrs. Brown. low as we drove hbme' in our comfor table brougham. I overhead, my dear, that she was the wife of her Majesty's Third Secretary of Legation at some place or other abroad. Oh, John I exclaimed my better-half, softening. Why didn't you say so sooner 1 Her Majesty's Third Secretary of what did you say I Legation, my love, Legation. Her Majesty's-well, there now I I knew Mrs. Frumpington Beads was very particular. Do you think I could call John, and ask this Mrs. Hurling ham to dinner I ,I shall be delighted-that is--I mean-I've no doubt you could, dear, if you set your mind to it. Mrs. Brownlow did set he mind to i it, and in a very short time we (that is my wife of course) became very friendly with handsome Mrs. Hurlingham. Meantime Mrs. Hurlinghamn came to be a constant visitor to Brownlow's I Emporium. Sometimes she sent in her card and paid a visit in my sanctum a strictly on business, as I need hardly say. One day Mrs. Hurlingham sent in I her card in the usual way, and was shown into my room. She looked pale and nervous. She was evidently 0 distressed about something. As soon as she was seated she began to say, in 1 hesitating tones, that ashe was in pecuniary difficulties, and that her husband was unable to send her as much money as usual from abroad. I was not to mistake her. She did not lintend to borrow money. But she had some little trinklets of her own, wedding presents, she said, for which she was anxious to obtain the full value in d cash. Would I help her. I reflected for an instant. It was obviously inconvenient that a private transaction of this sort should be carried out in my own jewellery de. partment. It might-I merely thought it might-lead to soose misunderstand r ing, if not scandal. It occurred to me that I had half an hour to spare, a thing that had never happened to me during business hours for twenty years. I undertook her 9 commission to dispose of the trinklets; e and after handing me a little packet s of rings and brooches, she expressed an a amount of gratitude, which I would rather Mirs. Brownlow knew nothing about. She left me, after saying she I would call again on the following e morning. I took a hansom to Bond Street, i and astonished my old friends Bangle V and Son, the celebrated silversmiths, by s paying them a morning visit. Without R giving any particulars, I told them that a friend of mine had asked me to dis I pose of the little packet of jewellery. a They gave me a liberal sum for the i. parcel, and I was on the point of de carting, when I noticed a tray of t Indian silver thimbles, perhaps a score , or so, on the counter. - . How do you sell these I I asked out of pure curiosity, knowing we had the same article, ticketed one.and e eleven.pence-three farthings, at the Emporium. n Half-a-crown, answered Mir. Bangle r senior. ? i- I took up one :of the- thimbles and it looked at it. - To my surprise I found k that it bore on the inside our own 'e private mark. n Where did you get these I inquired, showing as little embarrasment as r. possible. A lady brought them here and it pestered us till we bought them, replied it Mr. Bangle junior. - d What I all the twenty I Iexclaimed. 1e Yes, exclaimed Mr. Bangle senior. 0o She said she had expressed a wish for an Indian silver thimble, and her friends played her a practical joke by each giving her one on her birthday. She y was so angry that she wanted to sell :e them all. y Strange I I mused. And what was the lady like I . I had become inquisitive. i Tall, said Mr. Bangle senior. And good-looking-verygood-looking \- said Mr. Bangle junior, with a laugh. * Stylishly dressed, added the elder t Mr. B. . Very elegant figure, added his son. o An awkward misgicing seized me. I \- was afraid to say anything more. Good day, and thank you, I said, r- hurrying away. d Good-day, Mr. Brownlow, and thank you, rejoined Messrs. Bangle and Son n in a breath. e. As soon as I was back again in my y sanctum, I senc for the manager of our w jewellery department. d Oh-sahb-by the way, Mr. Stone is have you missed rnything from your re counter lately - Yes, sir, replied my subordinrate; I 2, am sorry to say we have. It isn't r Imuch, and I should have mentioned it t sooner, but we only discovered the loss I in stock-taking this morning. s Go on, sir, I said anxiously. S There is a deficit of twenty Indian silver thimbles, sir. Ihey cannot have r been taken all at once without our Snotice. It must have been done by e degrees. Do you suspect anybody 9 SI have no evidence to go upon, sir. r It is not any of your staff? I asked. T Certainly not, sir. They are all tried I, men. e Then they moat have been abstracted I by some person who constantly visits your counter. Have you any such person in your mind 1 The only customes who comers to us often, sir, is the lady that sends her card in to you-a friend of yours, I be lieve, sir. She brings us some trifling repairs to do nearly every day. Mrs. Hurlingham, I think her name is. For a moment I turned dizzy. Sus picion must be diverted from that quarter immediately. Yes, I said sternly, AMrs. Hurlinlgham is a friend of mine.' She is incapable of taking the thimbles. Certainly, assented my manager. That will do for to day. You will use the customary precautions to per vent a recurrence of this, if possible. By the way: bring me a tray of these thimbles, and leave it here. I should like to have a good look at them. Yes, sir. And--just send me Mr. Coil, the manager of the Electrical Department. When Mrs. Hurlingham called next morning,-I-caused her to be shown into my room, and I received her with my oustomary manner. I handed over to her the proceeds of the sale of her trinklets, and again she loaded me with expressions of heartfelt gratitude, and so on. When she rose togo, I remained at my desk, instead of advancing to show her out. Near the door stood a table, and on the table lay the tray of Indian silver thimbles which I had ordered Mr. Stone to bring to me the previous day. Between me and this table Mrs. Iurlingham suddenly halted. I pretended to be occupied with the papers un my desk. Slle leant one Ishatd on.the table, very near to the place where the thimbles lay, and then she turned towards me once more. Mr. Brownlow-you have done me a great service, and I am-Oh I what is this I help I I am dying I She had started violently, and almost fallen to the ground. I did not move, though she staggered a couple of paces forward, as one who is shot. No, AMrs. Hurlingham you are not dying. There is nothing the matter, unless it is with-your conscience. What do you mean I she exclaimed in an agony of fright. You will remember, Isaid, my telling you at our first meeting that retribution inevitably overtakes those who deserves it. Nemesis I she gasped. Yes, I replied, Nemesis, Rameses anything you like to call it. You have had one warning to-day, evidently. Don't tempt me to repeat it. Hadn't you better return to Paris for your health. The miserable woman turned as pale as a ghost. I struck my hand bell. A porter entered. Show this lady into a hansom, and send Mr. Coil here. The porter obeyed. Mrs. Hurlingham sent on without-a word. - - Two minutes later the manager of the Electrical Department entered the room. Please to disconnect that current from the silver thimbles, Mlr Coil, and take the apparatus away. Yes, sir. And by the way, as I said before, be careful to say nothing about it to anybody. You will be glad to know that Mrs. Hurlingham left England hurriedly for the Continent. She is not likely to trouble us again. But Mrs. Brownlow, who knows nothing of all this, never ceases to regret tile absence of the wife of one of Her Gracious Majesty's Third Secretaries of Legs tion.- Argosy. 