A DEAD MAN'S STEP, J A DstMive Stay, &&WB9H0B; £. XTCSGH. 'WWW Hf 9*okt amuigmnmi with Hum* TTii finnli ni ^owte»£MtM. . -.{*£& Masss sunnD^ » ■ - - - . CHAPIEB XLVH. . jsu bbobmab norm. Uncle Holly came late to breakfaat next morning, ao late, indeed, that all the family had breakfasted, aad only Valen tine jcemained in the morning-room, loitering over a vase of roses upon a low aide table. When thamaid had pot down hia coSae and and retired to bring the glass of milk which he often took with his morning meal, aad now demanded, Yalen .tine, who had been chatting brightly across her shoulder, oame dose behind his ehair, and, while in the act of leaning over to place a-rosebnd beside his plate, said, jnafe above herbreath i ?Hcna-will aee you in my bondoir when yonhave finished here;" and, as the door \- mraag baok,andn second maid came in with not dishes, abe went on louder and with - perfect nonchalance, " My red African lily, . by the way, faaa three blossoms j if youwill not keep me waiting tod long, i will take yon to my bondoir ana let yoa peep at it." Inspite of this bait, "Uncle Holly " made his slow and hearty breakfast, while " Vilohntted with him across the table, and made believe eat a saucer ef strawberries, aad when he had finished, they went up the Stum together,she still talking airily, and he wearing in his button- hole-the rosebud she had placed beside his plate. In the upper hall they enconntered -Brands, andVafantinesaid at once: "Mr Holly is coming to see my red IQy; there are three this morning ; won't jonoome,Brenda P" Brenda's answering smile was very ahadowy; "Thank yon, Vai, I think 1 must go on. Brook has been quite id again, Doctor Ware tells me. I am going to act him," and they went their aepuats ways. The boudoir was untenanted when they entered it, and-Valentine, merely prefix ing him a chair by the balcony window, where the vases of lilies were blooming. . ^sodded har head and passed on to the aeir \- A moment later he heard a door dlose sharply, and then Boas entered through . the curtaineddoorway by which her new mistress had gone. She held a key be tween her thumb and forefinger, and glanced at it as ahe approached him, eitticg promptly down upon the light ehair • which nehadsnlled close before him. " She hae aunt herself into he* dressing room, and made me look her in/' Bob* began in her quiet tones. " ©he's so oharm f ng,it'fl Je*lly a pleasure to be her maid! onlyshewon't letme do my whole doty," she stopped se abruptly as die had begun, and drew a folded paper from the bosom of her dress. . "Itfs then in detail/' she said, in a harness-like tone. " It's as yon supposed; evidently she has never thought of anyone , <[uest,ioning Judith, and has never cau ** And yon founddtall out f "Aill Well—I found outthst—at the a tameof her marriage ahe had the full set} they were nude at CCdlany's, and bear hie mark. , Xhere was some sort of wager, or jest, wfcieh ended in her giving them each ; erne/1 "One? Ton ate sure of that 9 One to eachf" H "Sure] shehasthem(t{thebroodhand yoniiftnta BtaUL" « And Sarita t" he asked. She glanoed at. the paper still in his "thwxia is: more reserved than I could wish," she said «* She is not in the best state o£ mind for sociahiIity jusi aow/'he replied, gmilinga litttej "nave-patiaBce, WBd-dropn-irord or two, at the right time, in prams of-Mt Brook Deering." " Ton mesa—the good-looking, blonde invalid f" "The same." Jtioolu'Deering was Jying upon his bed fin« Doctor Ware Tinted him that morn ing. Ha w wrapped in a loose dreeeing ; gown of a purplish blue shade, and the yifun- emphasised the pallor of bis face and made nim look ghastly. Ha had psarort another restless night, and bad been troubled again by the ghostly footrtepe. He waa vetj nervous *ad unusually talkative; and, this morn ing, hchad no doubt regarding hisnight's experience. He had not dreamed it; it was a ghostly visitation. He bad heard his dm"! —footsteps in hie old room, odibaithB ama aure. He toldrthestory to • Breads when she oame to see him, at be had bean so reticent about hie £ist -experience. and hadenjoined upon the strictest secrecy; and whan Jbc40e ~eame in, a little, before luncheon time, be told it to him. When S&rita; -wot admitted to his room, still later, lot Doctor Wen bad prohibited a morning ilsti* anSiliarited that of the afternoon, he told it psaragain_tober, inthe presenoe and hearing of William. Bytbe nextmorning it was known aQ fiMigli tiwhma> ftiat "Uf RiWifr " bad beard footsteps in bis father's room, and that be was almost "out of hie .mindu in oonaequenoej and while the} -were dhereetly quiet in the presence ot their superiors—below stain the servants disatzsved the strange occurrence over and Meantime—as the doctor bad predicted —Sarifca's first midnight ramble was fol lowed by a second;, and this tamp,-when she went op the stain leading to the man sard, with half of a fresh caudle in tht , abort bran candle-stand, she found the She eirten^tbe^Sderattio at once, and after some wandering about—carrying the candle with a . firm and steady band—ebt approached the door of the inner and newer apartment. At first she tried to open it, but when this failed sbe put down the caudle as before, and after seeming to listen a moment withher ear .close to the door, she knocked three knocks, slow sad distinct, the same as before. Jfurtegh, who had possessed himself *f Wye enough to unlock all of Beeehwood/ arranged this unlocking the flist attic dfrrr.laaW*** inner^oae secure. - - J a , vuit to let her into that inner 1 j," he hnijpsed to thedoctor,*'until l va examined & again janyieH^ and ou wmore time to it/' Sarita lingered for some time at the door of tiie inner attic; but finaUyahc tooh up thecandtoandreteaftd^herirteps •lowly with legging and xelactantmove At the loot of the stairs^ she seemed to waver, and then, as before,8he^pni the candle down upon the steps and went alowly toward the front of the house, Here, too, the detective had prepared the way for her, and seta limit toner move ments. She found the door of Six Deer ing'e chamber not only unlocked, but dightiy ajar, and she entered readily They had thought it best -not to cause frssh alarm to Brook to-night, and ao, j while the dressing-gown hong over the j chair as'Jwtore, ths slippers had been re- j moved. ; When the two watchers, keeping well in! the tear of the sleep-walker, reached- the tmw-WWch-broPght-tiieminto.tiiejnaui Mi, tfaqy saw, to th«ir annoyance!, that which usually horned st-shont |||g tflff "* W"* rj "■ : -/a5 spattering, nod aoswal/ ssrrad. to: Asm ftom _ Vtxafr JM .jWf^ shadowy pl&o;* j hut a aemsmt later the sh&mbar;, at the door of which they stood, was dimlj illuminated, and they could set from thtir station outside that Sarita had lighted one of the burners in the dressing room instead of those in the chamber, and that, leaving this burning low, she was again in the outer room and before the fire place. As on the previous night, she lifted the dressing-gown and thrust her arms into the sleeves, drawing it about her so closely that the loose!/ scattered roses on the pale ground tint seemed to stand ont like dark spats upon a moonlit surface, and then occa again she seated herself in the great easy-chair. And now, as they stood close to the wall on either side of the chamber door, a Bound from below causes them to start and simul taneously glide across the threshold, where they stand pressed against the wall and intently listening. The sound comes from that part of the wide hail where Brenda's rooms are situated, and it sounds ominously like the creak of a door opened quickly. There is silence for a moment, and then they hear another sound, and know it to be the soft trailing of a woman's dress across the hall floor. Into the mind of each the same thought comes j someone—Brenda _ or Valentine, or perhaps one of their maida, has opened a door, mid has discovered the sputtering and dying hall lamp. No doubt the parson is abont to extinguish it alto gether. Brenda's rooms are not far down the hali, and on the same side as is that of Mr Deering, and almost opposite her door is Valentine's. Murtagh hopes that it may chance to be Valentine who is now so near them, and both men wish ardently that, whoever it is, -the person wiil not pass beyond the lamp in the direction of the front. The light from the dressing-room sheds dim rays across the chamber, and almost to the place where they stand, and Saritasits before the cold grate as move less as themselves. If she mil but remain thus, until the person in the boil has extinguished the light and retired—if she does retire. Meantime, in the hall, a little below the open door, Brenda Deering stands looking up at thelamp, whioh is almost oat of her reach) she has scented, through the open transom above her door, the fumes of the exhausted and smoking lamp, to whioh the two watchers, in their interest in Santa's movements, had not given a thought; and, perfeet house mistress that she is, with a thought to tha health. and comfort of all her household,ehe has vectored ont j she haecrossedthe hall without once ^Ian/Mug about her, and she now raises hmsaif upon the tips of her toes, and lifts her arm to the burner overhand. Then, something tempts her to glance abont her, beforeputtang&ieplaoe;, and herself, in darkness. All along the hall is the same dim quiet; all the doors are elosed,and each, in its deep set casing, throne np a dark shadow, —-all P—she lefts her arm drop at her side, and lowers heir duels to the floor. What ails her vision f Why should that one place—the place where her husband's door should stand—in . the . same depth of shadow as stand the others—why should she seem to see "there a luminous bar not ot'light, but of something less dark and dense than the shadow and above it P Was it a reflection t She looks about her, and cakes a few steps forward, and then she draws herself suddenly erect, and her eyes light ud with indignation. Breada Dewing, with tiei fiat larw and sensible lruniig, never thinks of anything uncanny iu what she sees, for now ihe Knots that her dead husband's room is open; that the weird light cones from wit&in..; And the glides qnickly forward, heari throbbing angrily at the thought that some* •ne, doubtless of her own hooaehold, is pry ing, desecrating her dead husband's owe— the place she has-1reprrai-B»credty-sB-is had b enin bis lil*. With lip parted, and quiver ing, but ao~ with fear, she creeps noisaleisly np to the doorway and stands upon the threshold. She does not see the dark form on either die, and very nearher ; all that aha realises is that the room is filled with grey, dusky light— she cannot see the source from wheie she stands—andthat—sitting before the fire place, dimly outlined, bat jast as she has often seen him,' with one arm—clad in the xoaa^txewjigrown,—and supporting his ban* head—and with the other outstretched along, the sou of ihe. chair—ah, the fare ilia attitaie J—sitting Ahus is—Lysander Peer ing—or his ghost. It lasted bnt an instant, tnat "thrill of horror, which, in another, less fine sad strong, would have ended in a terrified shriek, that would have aroussd every sleeper under that roof; and then, with a low moan, Brsnda Peering swayed, and would have fallen, bat for the ready urns that caught and held her, close and tenderly. "Quick—tee candleI'' Felix Ware is heating down the corridor, with quick, noise less strides, an i palpitating heart, a burden he would glaily hold and k"?ep; ane Murtagh, with one swift backward glance at the figure in the chair, goes, with his fleetest stillest seeps, to the place where the candle slid bunts feebly upon tee stairs. By. the faint light from the open windows, Ware can see a wide conch opposite tee door, and there, slowly, gently, and most reluc tantly, he laid her down; and when Murtagh appear! with the candle he ia kneeling be iifa her, " But down," he says quickly, " she will soon revivej go back after her." And Murtagh goes back to the somnambulist. In the dim light the doctor kneris, hie finger upon the slender wrist, marking the reviving pulse beats; there is a soft bratre blowing in through tet open window; in a moment those lovely eyes will unclose, and then—he stoops until bis head is close aboye her own,and one word escapes his lips in a hushed whisper; as if in response to it, the white Uds are lifted, their eyas meet, and, ftr one shoxt second, there is no veil between tee souls looking ont of those windows. Then the brown eyes droop, and a soft colour stsals over the paleness of her cheeks. •* Do not speak nor stir, Mrs Peering," he says softly ; "leu explain everything; yon have seen a vrieep-walker, (hat is all!" ^ It is well that they aye alone at that moment ; for the tenderness teat he mutt not, dare not, put into words, speaks in hii voice, making words superfluous; and, for a -moment, Breads Peering is glad ta l<e with closed eyes, and let the strange, new sensa tion of rest and rsassurane encompass and comfort hsr. She does not understand it, and does not seek to; and when a moment later, he gently puts down tee wrist, in which tea poise is growing stronger, and' rising, asks, still with that lingering eadenbe so strangely comforting: "May I ring for your maid f" she prints mutely to the ball, which cosnects with Judith's roam. The maid cornea promptly, and the doctor, hating, made a brief explanation, and piomlsad to rstnra with " Ms Holly " at toon at jia kai-Jfecoterid a little and regained her calmness,,goes in eearch ol the other parties ta>thls midnight episode jfealing eomewhat anxious and uncertain as to the ontoome. As lw steps cantiontly -oat into the hall, a low "hist* greets him, .and he stops short. Notsixfee» away from him Mortage stands flattened against the wall, and, jost outside the door ot ill Searing's room, Sartta stand* in the attitude ofjoae listening. For a little they stead ao still, aU three, that he can hear the ticking of hie watch; then the woman wares her hand, as il in gestare to someone beyond her, stands a few momenta as before, mores aside, as if to allow someone to pais, looks book, or seems to, as I if at someone entei ing the room, and finally come* gliding toward the two watohars ; she peases at the tun in the hall, looks back, and then goss on, faster now, and—though the Jiill here is almost shrouded in darkness —withsteps as sue as they ate silent. Xfals time, as befoie, she ignores the ■candle, which has been restored to its place upon the stair way, r*nd enters her room, leering the door wide open as before, and tying down at once. As before, the dootor places the caadle bsside the bed, and closes fbedoor. Tm ftp %m *m p«w» to to* ww»p«r " What did yah. tell ksr t'> Ktt^i|k begi** " Ilia trmtk, of eonrae. SkU it was asleep* walker, nothinj mora. Bat tkere mast be an explanation " "Will yoa make It? Wi hare aboat reached a point where 1 mast tell her ot some of our discoveries. I can't go on nntil I do Bn1-—5i*> too soon—'* little. Who I». with hu " Her maid." " The dark woman ? Well, aha it aa traity as steel I Ton can tall the story from the physioian'a point of view, anl no tear of the maid." He toned away, then—"Tod might jaat eay, for her bsntftt—I mean the; lady's-maid—the lady will uaierstand it that I was diatorhed by the noise, or that we were mutually aronjed—" j He broke e9 and to ntd toward his own door with a amila npon his Hps; Doctor Felix, with a gesture of aeqnieeeanoe, was going, with long, silent strides, toward Brandaa boudoir. Bread* listens to hit story ot the sleep walking in eiient surprise. He tells of kls first interview with Sarita, «ad, av delicately as.poseible, explains the part Mrs Msrtonhas taken in keeping the unpleasant badness from Sarita'# master mad mistreee; and Breads listens with gentle words of sympathy for the afflicted one. and kindly enoomiams for good Mrs Marion, "Poor Saris*!' aha mormon whoa all is told. " She xnut not be loft aloao after this I Someone most remain with her at night, both for her safety, and to eeoore the inmates of the hoase against snob a fright ae I-have had to-night" Bat, a little to her surprise, Doctor Felix demon, "It will notbs wise, jastnow, to give Sarita a .companion, It will be better .not to lethal-dream that bar secret Ukmown. Saeh gases most be dealt with most delicately. Then—he is interested i« watching her symptoms. Is short, will Mrs Dsering trait gariu's gase to him,and be atsorei tut she snail bare ne more cams* for alarm I" etc., etc Of coarse he has his will. Breads only stipulating that she shall bo informed if Sariia's oase becomes worie, and that she shall be giren every possible medical aid and gate.' " Sarita," she says, In her iwi«t «elloituda, kss been one of our household tor half a life time, almost She is devotedly attached to all ot u, especially to Brook; who was, u yon of coarse know, hsr nursling, and always to Mr Dsering, to whom she ooald never be grateful enongb. And, indeed, my hniband was a very good friend to her." , Samathing, a note intha last words caused Doctor Felix to lift his head, Whieh had been ruling span his hand, and to ask qniekly : " May I ash—do yon know—If ahe-has any friends—in this- country t" ." Herf" ha wu certain of a little incre ment of snrprlas upoa hsr part, and then she glanced toward her maid. " I hardly know now; there wu a circumBtanoe—some years ago—but if* a bit of Suite's - family history —and will hardly interest yon, or b» i pre pot" ' Pardon me. Anything yon ean tell mt of Madam Sarlta's past, will aid me greatly just now 1" "It was soma yean s'nee," Mrs Dsering rteumedi *' tenj l lhoaldahink—" " Pardon me!" the maid broks in deprecat ingly, " It is just nine yean ago." " Niae, .thank yon, Judith;-if yon can tell Doctor any thing more, pray do so. As I was saying,Acnnwalna years ego, Sarita casseto •ny husband in great grief. She had found in a Sfsw York paper an' aoooant of one of ■thou horrible saloon quarrels, that we read of to often—*ud among those who ware hnrt, was ths -name of t mui Wlo wu, she wu very, sore, her- brother.. -Her , immediate family' had been; even ' then, pretty well ^pattered, and she only knew, ot this brother, that he had been for some years in London, and that, at hsr last account of him, he con templated going toOanada. She has had but one oorrtBpofcient from htr own country in all the years thc has Ured with as, and thai was a c main, a woman of aboat her own age, I should think; her brothers, I believe she hu several, never wrote to her, probably eoaldnot write" " It is more than likely. And—about this aswspaper mstter t" be urged, "Pardon-me. I am as digressive as Mrs Nickelby," she smiled faintly. "My hat band' setiag her anxiety, took some pains to inqura into the matter, and ioand it to have bean, in 'rath, Sarita'# brather who was injured j it earns oat that the man wu a rather disreputable character, and sot alto gether a victim in the all air; bat, of coarse,' Siuit*'« discovery of a b ro thsr'g pruauo* in i this, to: her, strange land, a onssd her very \- much, so * mudi that. aha made. ,tha one i mmey of her life, excepting, of conru, the 'one serow theooaaa, and-went to set him " " Ah—and did he ever return that Tisltf" a bed the doctor -aagerly. " Fes. Hecama onte, mot-long after—in fact as coon as b« was oanvalesceat, luhbnld fancy. J chanced to bo absent at the time— mo did not see him " "Ah—then yoncau't tell aa if he resembled hia sis er—or aha him ?" "No;' she torned to her maid who oat a little in the background. "Perhaps Jndth can," "If yon wish It, madam," manured, Jndith. " I—wish it," said the doctor quickly, "and Hit Peering permits it, I am eure." " By all means," assented Brenda. " What Is it that yon wish most to know t" asked Jndith aa if in doubt. " Tall meall yon can'reoallof this brother. 1 have my eaptoial reasons for wishing to know something of one of Suite's family. DM you sve much of him f" "Very little, air. He oame only to the kitchen door, and would never enter. He was not too wall dressed.—though I knew Mr Dsering was most generous toSarite, and-that S rita gave him money. He soarcely stayed t wo days, and all that I cam tell is that he aacmed to want-Suits to take him in, to get him a plaoe. I know that ahe asked Mr Deering to give him wsrk abont the garden or stables; bat, after seeing the man, and talking with him a little, he- called Sarita aside and tald har, very, kindly, I omaura, that her brother was evidently not fitted for either the garden or a groom's place, and he advised her to let him go elsewhere." " And—he went" " He went that day." " Have yon heard -of him since f" Ho, sir. That ia ha never eame baok again—bat lie wrote to fell siittl- aftiT ht want away." " Ah—does he writs to hu stiU ?" . " i cannot say, air. I ~ have not heard-her speak of him for a long time | not intwo years, l am tan." D jet it Ware thanked her for this Informa tion, and put a few questions, thus getting a fragmentary description of this-' prodigal brother. And when toedroppad the mbjeot.t wsi «{th the fall intsntioa of talking, with Jndith—again and alone. 