AT THE BIXO SIDE. A PKR50XAL VIEW. By Gyhasg. j There are some familiar figures so closely ; associated with the Rv>! show that one can | hardly imagine a complete ehow without ; them. What show, for example, has not ! seat Mr. J. M. Peck in bis brown tweeds and j irreproachable button-bole? Once a man has i sat on the box of one of Cobb and Co.'a | coaches and handled his three leaders j abreast a good horse will always have a | claim on him. " lie's the man who always wears & desert pea, isn't he ? " asks a Lachlan breeder; and adds, " Well, a bed of them is a lovely cool place to lie on of a hot day." Mr. Harry Gooch is eloquent on the ob stinacy of the judge who wouldn't give him the championship for a group of wines be-; | cause sherry wasn't a wine at all, only a sort ! of sauce to soup. Stout John Cnllen, of j | Kereng, has only time for a hurried glance at | the exhibits before rushing away to Cohuna, | Benjiroop, and " them parts," to can | vass Gunbower against the Minister for Mines. Amongst the intercolonial visitors is Mr. Webster, secretary of the Sydney society, who lounges round with his eyes wide open for " points." " You have nothing like this in Sydney," says Mr. Joseph Harris, M.P. "No," replies Mr. Webster candidly, and then adds as an aside, " I never argue with a Victorian this side of the Murray." Mr. Tom Patterson pays the rival society in Sydney the compli ment of occasionally visiting its shows, also on the look-out for " wrinkles," and amid ail the worries of show week has a spare minnte to tell some hunting men of the sur prise he got, when out with an Irish pack a year or so ago, on finding thai the splendid Irish banter given him for the day would persist in landing on the tops of all tbe banks for a fraction of a second instead of flying them clean as he expected. " I got a couple of queer ricks in the back," he re marks, " before I dropped to the fact that it was tbe regular way of going over a banked ditch.". A man who had not grown up with this society as Mr. Patterson has would find this show week strain a trying one, but he has arranged a little corner of bis mind as a pigeon-holed storehouse where he carries every detail of the show, and can command each as he pleases. Mr. J. W. Anderson, the old-time manager of Arundel, is one who keeps perennially straight and young- still I doubt whether, even with the! wild bull Cheviot within two lengths of him and gaining, he could now clear that 6ft. of palings as he once did. Young Mr. Angss, the South Australian, is over with a train full of pure stock. His business is breeding pare stock, bat bis hobby is paint ing tbem, and some of his studies of his! favourite fox terriers show that if Fortune bad not made Mr. Angaa a pastoralist, his inclinations would, have made him an animal! painter. I miss his herdsman, Donald Forbes, i who probably has not been absent from one of these shows for 3D yeare, but who is now away home to select cattle in the old country— amongst them, no doubt, a tew of the bald faced Herefords to carry on the eternal battle with Mr. Henry Beattie, of Mount Aitken. There was perhaps one five minutes of Donald Forbes's lite, apart from defeat in the show ring, when be was not happy. amongst cattle. That was Whfn n Booth' bull, fired with a desire to murder -something, suddenly cornered him in a stalk- From the first toss be strqck tfaerbof. -Jbutj fell across a rafter- in coming d9wn, anq hung there as only a man can with a mad .hull' waiting for him. Next day the bull had apparently apologised;} at any rate, they were friends again. Scotchmen and their descendants are as 'thick h€te as cockneys in the . High lands. Mr. J).' E.: M'Gregor, the sturdy tihrman with country tastes, is arguing as to flSCcarrect click " of some weird Gaelic .wlfK the president pf the Caledonian Society,' Mr. Thomas Hrunton, whoconsiders thst if tbere'sxme thing in tbe world bettertbsn aataw ifta quiet game of draughts w*tb. the.-bnther Scot." • Here are a group of ^ie younger generation AAtnAMltntf * nfllltrAMl Alii - /MnntM , _ . „ .old .country 'squires I andyonngAbBtvalifui sportsmen. Mr. Alister | M' the shqrthpro» -afiWmooh jpfr bis japprtinj enthusiasm to the 'jQaklkrids Hunt, of which he is the master, m* whs' to hare ridden' TitwiHowinthe light hunters' competition on Saturday for his friend Mr. J. C. Pigdon, but a baa back compelled him to stand down* Mr. Aliok M'Cracken, another of the Oaklands men, and president of the famons Essendon Football Club, pleased everyone withjiis speech at Thursday's luncheon. Like Sir James Patterson, the farmers said " This is the stamp of man we want in Parliament," and there Were many%uggestiofli to contest Essendon and Melbourne, at all of which j Altck shook his head. The fact is that wbOe j under other rircamstaaoes be wooldtebeertuUy ! ran for Essendoo, both Mr.* Deakin | and Mr. Outer are his personal friends, | and he is nod one to treat friend ■ ship lightly. ** Besides," as one cynic I observes, " there is so little brains in Parlia merit now that it would be a pity to see i clever men of any side beaten." Bluff, plain j spoken John Blyth is another of the city men : who work hard for the Royal society. " The | old doctor," as every one affectionately knows ^ Dr. Plummer, was only able to get out on ; one day, and for no man was there a kindlier welcome. Here is Mr. Charley Lynott, wbo is never so happy as when be has a shorthorn in the sale ring with a pedigree running lack to the Duchesses and Butterflies. Ko aristocrat, mind you, but a man who has almost a reverence for good blood. Mr. Harry Delahey, as an Ayrshire steward, looks perhaps five years older, but not a bit less erect and dean-built than when he rode his old black hunter with Sam Waldock and the , Flemington pack, who once hunted the < paddocks where the Oak lands have now the j right-of-way. Mr. Bob Dodd is exchanging Journalist's impressions with Mr. Dowling, of the kj/dnev Mad, and stout Job Smith, wbo has been " on " the council of the Hoyal society as long aa I can remember, has found a sympathetic double in Mr. Bob Ore, of Ballaiat, whom ehowmen and sportsmen alike always associate with the white stockinged steeplechaser AH Fours. Now (and again they come back like the ghost of Hamlet's father. Here is a man I have not seen for years, the veteran John Bond, formerly of Broad meadows, who has travelled all the way from Yareawonga. and is patiently sitting in the middle of the Ayr-; shire ring waiting for his fancy. Mr. James Crawford, of Malmsbury, was missed for a time, and all the Clydesdale men are glad to see him back fresh and hale again. Oh! those Clydesdale men, they are the shrewdest, keenest, most critical set of exhibitors that judge was ever called upon to satisfy. When you get your Hugh Keas and John Daniels outside a ring you j want William Bells inside it. Of course, { there is the inevitable Scotch groom in tartan ! cap and tight smalls, who.vaunts perpetually, j " Whoa-oa-oa!" he yells, as he prances round i with a colt, " Yer mither was a racer." A ] Riverina squatter is amusing his friends with ; the Btoiy ol the thoughtful shepherd who' spoke seldom, but, being asked one day what j he was pondering over, said, " Well, mon, hit it's a pity to see a grown' country like this gaen' ta the dogs for want of a king." Of course, it had reference to the political situation, like Mr. Alick M'Cracken's tale of < the Essendon boy who went to a party, and j in the middle of blind man's buff and that; sort of thing, said to the hostess, '* When ; does the party begin ?' " It has begun," she , said. " Ohremarked the practical! youngster, " I don't call this a party—when ■ | will we get something to eat?" There was no ; | difficulty in seeing the point—too much 1 i politics—no patriotism. [ Mr. David Whitley has been round the i | world lately with his eyes open. On the day • he sailed a friend said, " You're lucky to be j able to go abroad while the trouble lasts and j ! come track to find things Btraightened out j again." Mr. Whitley has come back, but I | things are crooked still, and his Warragpl. friends are nrging him to lend a hand in I straightening them. Mr. Jack Finlay, who i likes to catty his steward's duties through j with an air, has borrowed Captain Ewen j Campbell's magnificent chestnut cob to help | him. Amongst the mallee men is Mr. James i Kendall, of Brim, who would have been i fighting Borung against prohibition but that { be has lately bed the heaviest domestic affiic- j tion that can fall npon a farmer. "Inmulti tude of councillors there is wisdom, but they j needn't all be shire councillors," observed a j ' Wimmera man, partly in reply to Mr. Burgin's ] announcement that be opposes Walter Madden, partly in reference to Mr. Nimnio's j tamousinscriptionontheflooroftheante-room j at Parliament-house. Amongstthe Numnrkah j men doing the rounds were plucky little j Williams, whose heart is as big as his ; welcome, and Editor M'Whinney. Soldiers j are absorbed for the time in show-ring rather s than barrack-yard parades. Lieutenant ] Walter Clark, who has a liking for big i horses as well as big guns, lingers about the j Clydesdales, while Major Ballenger is; sampling hops in the pavilion with that far away, dreamy air common to wine judges. Mr. Hans Irvine is satisfied—last show they ] were all praising bis champagnes—this show ' they are all drinking them. Sturdy John j West, the go- ahead man of the Goulburn Valley, is there with any number of Triple Reform Leaguers—but why, every one is ask ing, will the best of the countrymen see Feme beckoning them from the Parliament House steps and yet not hearken to the summons? Mr. David Mitchell isbeingcliaffed aboutthe tremendous titles he has given to his shorthorns. One of them is " Wild Eyes Duke the Fifth's Baroness}25th," in the show-ring, but at Janconrt,they call her " Disy." Mr.J.C. Hutton has tried to please bis clients with his exhibits, and has the wheat-fattened bacon that Mr. Lascelles advocates, and the cross of Tamwortli and Berkshire in which Mr. George Chirnside firmly believes. Mr. Dick Grice and Mr. Bob Stevenson (both hunting men) have an eye for other things than hnnters, though " the bit o' leppin'" pleases them. A farmer from the plains just ontside tells of an imaginative Irish labourer who declares that he killed a snake " twinty fat long" lost summer. " She was cotnin' np the nill faniiuBt me," he declares, " wit* three fnt of her wavin' in the air an' her eyes blazin' like a bit o' chaney in the sun, so I dhroo a lick o' the hoe an' swheptthe head nv her." J. G. Brisbane likes nothing better than a day amongst his old favonrites, the short horns, bat his son Willy is proud in the possession of an Ayrshire with a yellow champion ribbon on her neck. What better advertisement can the Highlands of Scotland desire than those three fine old patriarchs in the Ayrshire ring — J/>hn Grant, Robert Buchanan, and D. M'Nab, each of them over 807 Malcolm Ritchie, of Ancholzie, is absorbed in shorthorns, but one of bis sons has the Australian trend and a prize-taker in the hnnters' competition. Mr. Robert Cherry moves about with that easy proprietary airthat a man of so mnoh ex perience of milch cattle is jnBtified in assuming on show days. ° Here is your typical Australian in Mr, James Heame, who admires two animuls particularly—a food hunter and a good collie. 'Mr. A.' iyons, an . ex-Gippslander, declares that hothihg ckn ever beat his pony Dandy, while lile gets lair play.' Purblind judges have -always been the exhibitors' trouble at shows; they will overlook so many defects-in the other man's stock.. The agricultural joke is a subtle, thing. that, like diaaghts,-'requires careful thought : Some one < had remarked that.Mr. TnmbuUhad beeheleotedpresidentof Wannon Shire for the twentieth time. "That's Wan an' twenty limes," remarked aKyneton Sin, but no one laughed, and all declared at the newspapers made it twenty. Tall Tom Learmontha voice can be heard order ing Cup. winners like. Mentor about as though they were an ordinary "Water." Mr. Tom | Camming, after a surfeit of merino, fa ha ring i a rest amongst the Shropehirea and Bomncy j Harsh. It must be Ayrshire milk that all the breeders of that class of stock ran so modi to width—take the U'Ntb Brothers, of Oakbank, for example. Cer tainly the Ayrshire milk one tastes on the show-ground baa a certain fascinating pan | gent flavour, andakmoky smell—"peatreek" | they call it The wine-growers don't pre themselves up slavishly to wine-makmip ; Mr. C. H. Morris has lost interest for the Itime in Fairfield Borgondy, bat rejoices I in having won two of the banters' plates with his One pair of chestnuts—Fair tield and Yoong Highlander. George Smith, of All Saints', WUiy Graham, of hetherby, J and a lot more of the Ratherglen vipnerons, | are all constant visitors. Mr. Willy David son, looking ever so mnch mote like an enthusiast in thoroughbreds than inspector ' general of poblic woiks, is mnch taken with the hacks, especially that big grey and ' bis big owner, wbo match so well. J. K. Joynt is one of the members of the council of the RoyaL who strives to dress np to the dignity of what the president colliders the greatest society on earth—and so fa a good deal absorbed in the congenial character of host. Some members of Parliament who are j anxious to continue in that capacity make strange mistakes in their generous j interest in show subjects. " A wonderful | milking breed, 1 should say," fa the comment ' on the the champion shorthorn cow, whereat Mr. Sam Staughton, who under stands both games, smiles a broad-polled Angus smile. David Milbnrn, oi Keilor, who did his irrigating at the Grange while other, men were talking and thinking about it, can afford to smile now when wise men talk about irrigation failures. Unlike the northern men, he built his own head-works at hfa own expense, and was not tirea of it as soon aa the Government money had been spent. Federation in judging has long been the motto of the Royal, and while Ki verina senda as men like Mr. M'Intyre, of Wagga, Mr. Thompson, of Deniliqnin, or Mr. Robinson, of Gnndagai, no one finds fault with it. ! John Kernan, of Moonee Valley, and John ! Hurst, of Lance field, are men wbo never miss I a show; and W. J. Lobb fa active aa usual in the stewards' brigade, where smart young fellows are always in demand. The Royal society believe that men who have won Melbourne Cups are the right judges for. thoroughbreds,so we have in the rings Messrs.. "Malvolio" Kedfeam, "Malua" lnglia, and "Yeoman" Cook, who went so close to winning that the difference was only a matter of a few feet snd about £10,000. "Dinny" Bnmnigan, the hard rider of the Oaklanda puck, is in hunting pink—one of those fonnera who always has a spare stall for any thing bloodlike. The Mounted Rifles have several representatives about the ring in addition to their breezy colonel, amongst them Captain M'Leish, of Yea, who dunks smooth collies are the working dogs for our climate. The trotting monopolist, Mr. John " Robertson, is widely congratulated on hfa grand pair, Osteriey and Mystery, and a member of the other ring, with a true touch of pathos, says, " Wot price the pair for Brighton-road of a Sunday afternoon!" Whether it's trotters or terriers Mr. Robert son will have the best. Charles Draper, our only replica of the original John Boll, takes bis recreation at shows, though hfa serious purpose in life is apples. Jamis Gibh is another, who, tired of the petty strife of politics in the brightest days, refuses to come back now that there fa work to do and a lack of men to do it. Most people regret this, but not so the only and original " L.L." Mr. Frank Madden has done such sturdy work in the Heytesbury forest as well as in Parlia ment that few men havn a warmer welcome ! on the show-ground. The lawyer is forgiven | or forgotten in the farmer. In the Royal society the old generation fa I not quite giving way to the new, but just making a little room for iL One of the smartest of the recruits is Mr. J. 1. Fisken. William Thomson, as becometb a Kyneton man, is fond of the Clydesdale horse, but hfa proudest boast is that he is the oldest sub scriber to The Ar;nu in Victoria. Since members of the council ceased to judge, Mr. William Wragge has been partly wasted as a steward. Mr. John Waguer fa a critical observer of—no, not coach ere, but Jersey cattle, and though James B&rtram; fa growing more like a healthy agriculturist everyday he can still give the smartest of the cracks all they want at tenuis. D. G. Clark, the lofty Gippslander, has dropped out of the running a bit with the black Angus *' beauties." but has still old Honesty and a trotter or two for parade. Mr. T. F. Rutledge fa eloquent on the preference shown by the society for orna mental dogs over Australia's commonwealth —the sheep. George Gibbius, who long ago became king of machine men through having kissed the blarney stone, re tains his oratorical powers wonderfully, ami Mr. F. W. Peers, who was Hie first to show how Koo-wee-rnp could be drained and worked, has an admiring eye for the Romney Marsh sheep, which he was one of the first to import. Who can wonder that Australia is developing a taste for Rhenish wines, when down at the kiosk one sees the Bosses, Braches. and Grosses, all fond of the Father land, but content to sojourn yet awhile in Australia ? One of them tells of a northern vigneron who wanted to sell him a few casks ot " Peter Germany." It turned oat to be Pedro Ximenes. Messrs. Madden and Wil liams, of Warrnambool way, are devoting themselves to the interesting bnt indolent Berkshire. " Where the potatoes are there should the pigs be in the midst of them," fa their motto. On one point there osn be no two opinions, Hsd the country so willed it, a Parliament might last week have been - chosen in the Royal society's yards alone under which, as Sir James Patterson pot it, Victoria would have nothing to fear. 