| ROUND THE WORLD. A VICTORIAN SEPTUAGENARIAN’S EXPERIENCES. In a handsomely got up and well illustrates Tolume. aroepooted Melbourne oitizen record* his impressions of a journey round the world jo 1890. Though printed for private cumu lation only, if we may judge by the pleasure and profit derived from its peruBal, the pub lishers, MossreFord and Son, Carlton, will have many applications for oopios, '1 hu well-known figure of Mr W. Ievets, sen., iB familiar to moat Mel bourne resident*; fow however, know i that the staid old gentleman, who for forty years has gone out and in amongst ub, had spent a stormy and adven turous youth in the British Navy, seeing service on many seas, meeting with adven tures in many lands. To his naval experiences he added thoso of a pioneer in Canadian forests before finally settling down in Mel bourne. Hero by strenuous and un wearied industry, he has won for him self a position of comfort, and the respect of his fellow-oitizens. Strong in will, like Tennyson’s Ulysses, he oould not bring him self “ to rust unburnished, not to shine in use so in 1S90, accompanied by his son, tho popular member for Carlton, ho old gentleman started to explore new lands and revisit old scones. In a faithfully kept and unpretending journal of eaoh day s expertonoes, ho reoorded bis impressions of I men and manners, and he has now, in his “Fifty Years’ After: or Old Scopes Re visited,’’ given these permanent form. Tn a kindly and sympathetic preface, Mr James Moloney, with admirable literary tact, intro duces his old friond, and rings up tho onrtain. The journey itself, inolnding visit* to Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Franco, Great Britain, Ire land, Canada, and the United States was a remarkable feat for one of Mr lovers’ years. [ Still more remarkable is tho personality re vealed in it* record. To the keenest sus ceptibility for all that attests material pro gress aud prosperity there is added that responsiveness to the storied and romantic past only possible for a well-oultivated mind. Due note is taken ef tho benefits of British influence in Egypt, of tho new lifo in re generated Italy, of the social betterment of the working classes in England and Ireland, and of the sooial problems in course of solution in tho How World. But not loss interesting are the pas sages which ohroniole tho emotions stirred by the sights of Jerusalem, by the Jordnn and other sacred scones, by Pompeii, Rome" Stratford-on-Avon, Abbotsford and other spots famed in Btory. Old age has come to i the writer as “ a lusty winter, frosty, but kindly,” leaving unobilled the genuine oatholioity of epirit whioh glows on overy page, uudoadenod the simple, ohildliko piety, of whioh this unpretending record furnishes so many proofs. We cull one or two extracts for tne benefit of onr readers. A BEHDIGOXIAN AND THE RESURRECTION. “ We wore nearing Colombo. During tho night there was heavy rain and a thick fog j so much so that the captain, for safety, slowed the engines and kept blowing the fog. | horn. A Jewish gentleman, who hails from 1 Sandhurst, was woke up out of his sleep by the horn blowing. Startled by tho fearful noise, in the confusion, and only half awake, be took it into his head that tho ship was being lost, and that it was the blowing of the horn whioh is to assemble all tho Children of Israel in Palestine at the last day. This gentleman was greatly comforted on die* covering his error, and said he was in no hurry to visit that country eo long as he could help it. Possibly champagne over night hadsomething to do with his delusion. However, we havo to thank him for a good ‘ ‘An amusing incident at Colombo will gladden the heart of Mr Fitzgibbon : THE MAGIC OK A NAME. “ Dering our brief stay in Colombo we ohartered several vehioles, each holding four persons, and made np a party to visit the suburbs, cinnamon groves, markets, and a famous Brahrua temple, and also to explore the native town. Two or three miles out we came on a museum of very pretentious ap pearance. It was then !) o’olook, and the doorkeeper said it would not be open to anyone till ten, as tho curator and other high oifioiais had not arrived. Tho morning was very hot, and wo were all anxious to get under sholtor, bo my son resolved to test tho power of the Melbourne Corporation intro duction, with its formidable gold seal and Town Clerk’s lettor, on the official mind. It was enclosed in a orimBon morooeo case let tered in gold. I, as the senior member of the company, presented it to tho door-keeper. He took it inBide for a few minute*, then the ohiof attendant, accompanied by other of ficials, appeared in person, bowing in tho moBt courteous manner, and motion ing to us and our friends to enter tho building. 1 suspect he must havo thought us very important personages, as our credentials were a perfect “open sesame," and in the most polite manner he showed us all over the building. Relics of the past of overy kind were here to ho seen, both in their natural state aud pre served— birdB, beasts, fishes, gods and goddesses, jewellery two thousand years old, armor of the quainteBt kind. We thanked the janitor, and after the usual backsheesh to the attendants, bade him good-bye, mounted oar carriages, the officials bowing low to the ground, aud drove oif." A mournful interest gives value to the following kindly and sympathetic notice of A LAMENTED MELBOURNE PASTOR. “ Sunday, 9th March.—Wo expect this evening to enter tho Straits of Bebelman deb, tho entrance to the Red Sea. Churoh service waB oonducted in the saloon by the Rev. Mr Ross; and the Rev. Mr Sunning, assisted by Mr Robb, oonduoted two religions services on the seoond oabin deck. Mr Bun ning appears to me to be a very zealous, God fearing man. Mrs Bunning renders groat servioe by visiting and assisting a lot of poor siek people in the stoorage of tho ship, and I have heard several of them speak in the most grateful terms of her kindness and charity towards them." POMPEII. “ What a mockery of human greatness and human vanity is a walk through this silent oity of the dead. There is one cursed section of it that conveys an awfnl lesson to all moral thinking men, that Bpeoial portion devoted to uamoless vices, which, thank God, a largo portion of the Christian world is perfectly ignorant of. Such prac tices were degrading to our common human nature, but so debased and sunk in sonsuality must these people have been that the common shame whioh usually accompanies these ovil practices was netknown to them. In the various chambers whore theso unnatural orgies took place tho walls are covered with filthy piotnres in full detail, so well executed that after tho lapse of eighteen hundred years many of tho colors and figures are still perfect, and no ono who sees them can fail to loathe those vile produo tions and their authors. No wonder, I think, that tho same fate that bofoil tho cursed oitios of tho Plain—Sodom and Gomorrah—whose sito wo had lately visitod on tho dead sea shore, befell them.. I was glad to observe that no females or youths are permitted to inspect theso rooms ; a soldier goes with eaoh party to see that tho rule is complied with. As a wind-up to tho visit to Pompeii, wo went to the National Museum, and, as an object lesson, it has made an indelible impression on my mind. There exposed to view are all tho appliances that make every-day lifo enjoyable ; those ancient people know all about them, most things we enjoy in our daily life are there, and as for tho jewellery and articles in gold and diver, aet with preoions (tone* ^orltmale adornment, they are there ‘n Loaves of bread and oonfeotionery found in ttabXera’even* are there perfect in form. The sight too, of the poor bodies of men, women and children, just as they were found, some in apparent agony endeavoring to shield their faoes from the burning lava is sad indeed: amongst them lie a poor woman and her daughter clasped together in the last mortal agony.’’ . , , Mr levers found the New Rome of land booms and jotry-builders’. triumphs not at all the Rome of his imagination. Ho had however, no cause to complain of his reoep tion. Among tho high-plaoed dignitaries of the Pontifical court he found some who cherished most kindly memories of Melbourne So for the sake of old times difficulties were smoothed away, otiquette had to relax its rules, and by spooial favor our author and a party of his fellow travellers had AUDIENCE OF HIS HOLINESS, THE POPE. “ At a quarter to twelve our party sot out in threeoarriagesfor the palace of the Vatican, and were met at the foot of the grand stair case of white marble by the Swiss Guard, a fine-looking sot of men in semi-armor and fifteenth oentury dress, armed with long, formidable-looking pikes and short swords; tho dress quaint, hut soldier-Iike. We mounted those beautiful stairs leading to the private apartmonts of the Pope, and were soon in the midst of, evidently, the holiest, tho fairest, and the bravest in the land, boon we found ourselves in tho large apartment ad joining the Grand State Room, in whioh his Holiness receives his visitors, ana aftor our letter of admission waB “ viBeed by offiowls ->i most solemn appearance, we were intro Juced into tho reception room, an apartment if most gorgeous and splendid appearance, with a rich, anoient-looking tapestry, pour traying Soripture and historio subjects. A raised velvet divan ran all round the room, the centre being altogether unoccupied. Among the grand officials that wo met before entering the reception room I reoognised Moneignor O’Brien, a dignitary whom I remembered aa a guest at tho house af our respected priest in Carlton, the Rev. Father O'Connell. Monsignor seemed to be a leading personage hero, and spoke most kindly to us. In the grand reception room we found a orowd of ecclesiastics, ladies, gentioraen, all Boated, and evidently of exalted rank, judging from the atten tion paid to them by tho house hold prelates and officers of tho court. After a short delay a slight buzz was heard, and at the far corner through a doorway ap peared His Holiness,surrounded by numerous attendants, cardinals and bishops. All at onoo fell on their knees, and the Pope, who was dressed plainly in white llannel, or very light doth, with orimson skull oap and crosses on his white shoes, very thin, slightly bent with years, but of a most amiable ap pearance, commenced to progress slowly round with a kind word or othor ex pression to every one, signing most of them with the sign of ifio cross . on their forehead. Of our company Willie and I were farthest from him. I oaught the words “ Australia,1’ “ Protestant,” uttered by the grand secretary. When ho was in front of our company he seemed pleased, and elevated himself when addressing our non Catholiofellow-tourists, speaking a kind word to eaoh lady and gentleman. When he reached ns, l being nearest, ho paused. Tho Cardinal said, •• Catholio, father and bou.” He spoke in Italian, and the Holy Father laid his hand on my bead. I asked bis blessing for self and family, whioh he imparted to me most . solemnly, and gave me his ring to kiss, which I did in the most reverent manner. Ho passed on to Willie, who was evidently much affooted, and dealt with him much ae he had done with me. Many of the visitors had quantities of beads and relies to reooive the Apostolio benediotion with themselves. When the Popo had gone quite round to the place whonco ho started, ho suddenly advanoed unattended, and alone into the centre of the room, all assembled being on their knees, and elevating himself to his fullest height he threw hiB hands high over his head and said that we were all tho ohildren of God, our common Father, and aB such he blessed us. He then dropped his left hand, and signing the orosB in the air over us all, imparted to ns and our families the Apostolio benediotion in tho name of the Father, tho Son and tho Holy Ghost. At this moment tho scene was most awe-inspiring, several ladies and gentlemen, sobbing loudly, and all deeply impressed with the solemn scene. His Holiness then took his departure, and wo went baok to our hotel highly pleasod and edified.” Gladly would we follow Mr levers to England, Scotland, Ireland and Amerioa. The interest of hia volume rises step by step as he treads familiar ground, and notes the results of fifty years of change. . There is much that is new and suggestive in his pic tures of tho homelands, but our space oom pels us to part from him. Thero is both pleasure and profit to be derived from the perusal of his delightful volume, and wo are sure that no one will close it without an in creased feeling of admiration and respect for the venerable author. John Reid. 