KATHERHE'S VENGEANCE [By TxrE Author of ' Pauxina Lisle.'] CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued.) The wkJot, it seemed. In the gleam of the lamplight there was a flush on her cheek that was not all rouge, a sparkle in her black eyes, not bella donna. She wore a wine-coloured silk, decollete, and her plump, white shoulders and arm3 shone like marble; the ricb. rubv-red newt-la flashed on her fingers, on her neck ; a bracelet of fine gold and rubies encircled her wrist, and a crimson rose nestled in the shining, luxurious blackness of her hair. AH crimson and black — with a fiery intensity of purpose flushing her face— and that peculiar glittering smile of hers on her thin lips. Gaston Dantree thought of somo beautiful Circe— some fatal eiren come on earth to work ruin and dark ness. 'And yob, after all,' he thought, 'I believe in my soul Katherine is more than a match for her. How coolly, how thoroughly calm and self-possessed she sits, not one pulse beating the quicker, while the eyes of her enemy are on fire with her devilish determination to win. In a long- drawn battle of any kind between these two, I'd back the heiress of Scarswood.' Then, more and more absorbed in the game, be forgot even to think. Ha bent over until his crisp black curls touched Katlierine's cheek. She glanced up at him for a second — her still face brightening — a faint colour coming in bereheuks. ' A drawn battle, is it not, Gaston?' she said, ' aud a true Dangerfield piefers death to defent.' Mr3. Vavasor saw both look and smile, and a savage resolution to win, at all hazards, possessed her. She kuit her straight black brows, and' bens to the game, her lips compressed in oneatraightred line. Sho hated Katherine at that moment with an intensity she had never felt before. How coolly she sat there making her moves, with a face of *marble, whils she was thrilling in every vein with a. fever of excitement. And how she loved that man behind her, and how happy she was in that love ! ?? a.na to ner motner l owe an i. nave ever ?suffered, the sin, the sorrow, the shame ! Pray Heaven they may fix the wedding-day speedily, or I shall never be able to wait ! I wonder how I have waited all these years and years. Ah ! a false move, my lady, a false move. The victory is mine!' But the exultant thought came to soon. Kather ine's mova, made after long deliberation, certainly looked like a false one — the widow answered in a glow of triumph. A second later and she eaw her mistake — Katherine'ii false- seeming move had been made with deliberate intention. Her eyeB flashed for the first time as she made a last rapid pass. ' Checkmated !' she cried, with a slight laugh of triumph. ' I knew I should vanquish you in the end, Mrs. Vavasor !' ' Dinner !' announced the butler, flinging wide the door, and Miss Dangerfisld rose, took the arm of Mr. Dantree, and swept with him into the dining-room. 'You did that splendidly, Kathie,' he said; ?' you have no idea how proud I am of your con quest ; and she was so sure of winning. She hates you as those little venernuus women only can hate — do you know it ?' ' Certainly I know it,' Katberine responded, with supreme carelessness. ' I have known it ever since I saw her first. She hates me, and could poison me this very moment with all the pleasure in life.' 'But why, I wonder?' said Mr.Dantree; 'yon never knew her before sVir came here — you never ?did anything to harm her ?' ' My dearest Gaston, it is not always the people who have done something to harm us we dislike most. We detest them because we detest them. Mrs. Vavasor aud I are antagonistic; we would einiply hate each other under any circumstances. How bent she was on winning that game, anil I — I should have -iied of mortification if she had.' 'Take care of her, Kathie. That woman means to do you injury of some kind before she quits thi3 house. Whether it be for your mother's sake or your own, doesn't matter— ;she means to harm you i£ she can.' Katherine draw back bet head with an imperial gesture. ' Let her. I am not afraid. If it comes to that, I may beat her at her own game, as I did five minutes a^o. She can't take you from me, Gaston ' — with a little gay laugh — ' can Bhe ? Anything else I fancy I can bear.' He stooped and answered her in whispered words, and Katherino's face was quite radiant as she took her place at the table. Mrs. Vavasor followed with Mr. Dangerfield. She had risen from the table aud taken his proffered arm, quite white for an instant through all her rouge. He -saw her pallor beneath paint and powder. ' And you are beaten after nil, Mrs. Vavasor, and by Katherine Dangerfield ! Your game of ohess meant more; than a game of chess. It is em blematic-? She's fearfully and wonderfully pluckys this cousin of mine. Will she come off victorious ' at other games than chess, I wonder ?' She looted up at him for one moment, and all the passion, the rage, the hatred, smouldering within her, burst forth. ' I'll crush her !' she cried, in a furious whisper. ' I'll crush her! And the day is very near now. This is only one more item added to the long account I owe her. She shall pay off all — the uttermost farthing with compound interest.' ' And stab through him,' Peter Dangetfield said, darkly ; ' the surest blow you can strike is the one that proves him the traitor and fortune-hunter he is. . I believe'in my soul it would be her death.' 'I shall strip her of all — all — lover, father, name even. I will wait. until her wedding-day and strike home then. When her cup of bliss is fullest and at her very lips I shall dash it down. And my brilliant, hiyh- spirited heiress of Scarswood, how will it be with yoivthen ?' Sir John was in his place — a darkly moody hoBt, amid the lights, the flowers, and the wines. Mrs. Vavssor. was even iu higher spirits than usual. ..._Mr. Dangerfield was talkative and agreeable, iKatlieririe -wus happy, arcd disposed to be at peace with the world and all therpin, even Mrs. Vavasor. 'She loved, she was beloved — all life's greatest happiness is said in that. For Mr. Dantree, he was simply delightful. He -told them inimitable .. atones or 'lite in the Southern States, until grim Sir John relaxed into interest, and after dinner in the drawing-room sang for them his after-dinner sonar, 'When the Wine-cup is ?Sparkling Before 'DV in his delicious voice, that enchanted even those who hated him most. The piano stood in a shadowy recess down at one ex tremity of the long room Kutherine and Mr. Dau 'tr'eo 'had it all to themselves. Mrs. Vavasor was busy with some flimsy feminine handiwork. Mr. . D*ngerfield sat beside her, turning over a book of photographs, and Sir John lyinsj back in his easy chair, kept his eyes closed ao though asleep. His face wore a worn look of care — he was watching those two shadowy figures at the piano, and as he listened to this man's voice, sd thrilling sweet — as he looked at bis face — tho i-imp-light streaming on his dusk Spanish beauty — he scarcely wondered at 'Katherino's iafataation. ' Fairer than a woman and more unstable than water,' he thought, bitterly, 'and this is the reed she has chosen to lean upon through, life ! My poor little Kathie, and I am powerless to save you — unless I speak out. and tell all. Heaven help you if this man ever finds out the truth.' ' Sing me something Scotch, Gaston/' Katherine eaid. She was seated in a low easy-chair, close beside ^iim. hpr ImnHn.Sn'nn- irilv in lipr Inn. her hpa^ Vrnolr among the cushions It was characteristic of this youug lady that ohe had never done a stitch of fanoj' work in her life. She was idle now, perfectly happy, listening -t© the howling of the October storm in the park, and Mr. Dautree's exquisite singing. 'Sing something ?Sostch — a ballad. If I have a weaknese, which is doubtful, it is for Scotch songs.' Mr. Daatree heard but to obey. He ran his fingers lightly over the keys, smiled Blightly to himself, atd glanced half-taaliciously at the girl's supremely contented face.. 'How well pleased she loots,' he thought. 'I wonder if I cannot change that blissful expression. Many women ha.ve done me the honor to fall in love with me, but I don't think any of them were quite bo hard hit as you, not even excepting Marie.' Ho played a prelude in a plaintive minor key, wonderfully sweefc, with a wailing undersfcrain, quite heart-breaking, and sang. His face changed and darkened, his voice, took a piitboB JW-ne of hie Iicarers had ever heard before. ' A weary lot is thine, fair maid— A weary lot is thine 1 To pull' the thorn thy brow to braid A.nd press the rue for wine. A lightsome eye, a soldier's mien, A leather of the blue. A doublet of the Liucoln green No more of me you lenew, My love ! No more of me you knew. ' This morn is merry June, I trow, The rose.is budding fain, But she shall bloom ia winter Bnow I Ere we two meet again 1 He turned his charger as he spoke ' Upon the river-shore— He gave the reins a shake, and said ' Adieu forevermore, SI v love ! Adieu lorevermore.' ' It died out faint and low as the last cadence of a Funeral hymn. And then he glanced at Katherine. He had changed the expression of that sensitive face crueliy — it lay back now against the ruby red of the velvet, as colourless a3 the winter snow of which ha sang. He arose from the piano with a laugh. ' Kathie, you are as white as a ghost. I have given you the blues with my singing, or bored you to death. Which ?' She laughed a little as she rose. 'Your eong was beautiful, Gaston, but twice too sad — it has given me the heart-ache. It is too suggestive, I suppose, of man's perfidy and woman's broken trust. I never want to hear you sing that again.' It was late when the two gentlemen bade good night and left. Mrs. Vavasor took her night-lamp and went up the black oaken stair-way, her ruby silk trailing and gleaming in lurid splendour behind her. 'Good-night, Kathie, darling — how pale and tired the child looks. And you didn't like that divine Mr. Dantree's last song? It was the gem of the evening, to my mind — so suggestive, and all that. Bonne nuit et bonnes reves, ma bel'.e' — Mrs. Vavasor had a habit among her other gushing habits of gushing out into foreign languages now and then— ' and try and get your bright looks back to-morrow. Don't let your complexion fade for any man — there isn't one on earth worth it. Good night. ' ' A HgUtaome eye, a soldier's mien, A leather of the blue, A doublet of the Lincoln green, No more of me you knew, My love, No more of me you knew !' ' And with a last backward glance and still sing ing tbe ominous song, brilliant little Mrs. Vavasor ?vanished. (To be continued.) 