LITERARY GOSSIP. New- Zealand is the land ot surprise*. One of its latest efforts comes from the ranks of the Salvation Army, who have shown their abhorrence- of light fiction in a ludicrous fashion. The Salvation Army in Dunedin recently hold a " novel-burning night," which attracted a large audience to the fortress. In the centre of tho ring on a bier were placed " yellow- backs" of all kinds, ranging from "Bluecap, the Bushranger," to some of Besant's works. The pro- ceedings were under the leadership of " Captain " Chapple and " Lieutenant " Mathers. The former declared that if persons gave their time, money, and admiration to novels, they were idolaters quite as much as tho heathen who worshipped his ugly elephant. Works like Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Pro- gress " and " Uncle Tom's Cabin," written for a purpose,were excepted; but tho average religious novel was denounced in scathing terms, and was de- clared to be to all intents and purposes a " yellow- back " without tho covers, with a dash of religion tacked on to gull professors of religion. After some singing and addresses, some 300 books and periodicals were destroyed. Tho Taylorian lecturoat Oxford on tbs 28th of February was to bo delivered by M. Stéphane Mallarmé. His subject was " Les Lettres et la Musique" M. Mallarmè'a namo is tolerably familar to tho English public, thanks to Mr. Gosse and other sympathetic commentators on the most modern French literaturo; and readers of the National Observer havo had an opportunity of seeing several characteristic speoimens of M. Mallarmè'a own French. M. Mallarmé, who was born in 1812, ia professor of English at the Lycee, Fontanes in Paris, and visited London about 20 years ago with his translation of Poo's " Baven." Mallarmé, ono of the so-called Décadents, hos spent his life in calm meditation. Classical critics such as M. Bruneticre and friends like M. Leconto do Lisle and M. Francois Coopee, however, profess themselves unable to com- prehend this writer, and thus Coppée avoids all dis- cussion of his verses and obstinately confines bim soli to son esprit ¿levi, sa vie si pure, st belle." Mr, Edmund Gosse in his recent book, " Questions at Issue," gives Mallarmè'a sonnet " Tombeau d'Edgard Poo." Ho has read it over and over and over and says, " I am very stupid, but I cannot tell what it sat/s. In a certain vague and vitreous way I think I perceive what it means." Apropos to the subject of " Literature and Mnsie " comes Professor Marshall Hall's description of his " Idyll," which is to bo played for tho first time at the orchestral concert to be given under his direction at tho Melbourne Town Hall this (.Saturday) after- noon :-" Tho opening is full of a solemn awe, such us is experienced on some still summer night by one who lies on the white gleaming shore, and gazes far out over the noiceless, iramensurate ocean, beyond whose dim vorgo, mountains and valleys, as if by enchantment uplift, ghost-like, dreams of another forgotten age, and other seas break there, upon other "shores. And the lonely beauty of tho »tars Bhines ont, round whom is silence and deep mystery : and nature in all her grandour, eternal and infinito, far removed from tho pettishness of human life, seems to chant her majostio hymn. In tho midst of this calm, flowing melody, a note of pain makes itself heard. The air quivers and throbs, OB though como new clement had in- truded. Suddenly all motion ceases ; a lovc-motive sounds through the sustained mass of harmony ; a litbo, joyous figure bounds from the darkness. Again the atmosphere vibrates, as it were, with love, with joyous, ardent, youthful love, and another figure appears." And in a similar straiu the profossor con- tinues this curious attempt to put into words the vague and haunting suggestions of music. The report of the trustees of the Free Public Lib- rary for 1893, which was tabled in the Assembly this week, shows that during tho year 4143 volumes were added to tho general collection, raising the total number to 101,310. The report refers to the fitting memorial left by tho late principal librarian, Mr. Ii. C. Walker, in the Bhape of nn Australasian biblio- graphy, a quarto volume of 125Ó pages, compiled in throe parts. Henrik Ibsen hos never been to England, although he bas travelled about a great deal. To the question H hy, put to him by Mrs. Aleo Tweedie, as she tells in her rocoutly-publisbed " Winter Jaunt to Nor- way" (Bliss, Sands, and Foster), Ibsen replied! " Because I do not speak the language, and I shall never get at the heart of tho people, and that is what I want. Yet I should like very much to go to England, because English people and Eng- lish books interest me strangoly." " I would like to see your old men," Ibsen added. " In all other countries tho best work is dono by men between 40 and 60 years of age ; in England tho bost work ls dono by much older men, and a man of 60 or 70 is often still in his primo. I would like to tee such mau as Gladstono and Salisbury and Herbert Spencer." Ibsen, like Lord Wolseley and other eminent men, has evidently a vein of superstition in his nature. On his wnting-tablo in a tray was a small carvod wooden bear, a little black devil for holding a match, and two or three little cats and rabbits in copper. " What ore those funny little things ?" queried his visitor. "I never write a single line of any of my dramas," was tho reply, " unless that tray and its occupants are before me on the table ; I could not write without them. It may seem strange- porhaps it is; but I cannot write without thom," he repeated ; " but why I use them is my own secret." According to the Echo the French writer who rejoices in tho pseudonym of Dr. Charlos Dumay " has followed up his exposure of the plagiarisms of Victor Hugo with on equally smart conviction of Zola, Sardón, tho elder Dumas, and several other famous French novolists and dramatists. . . . Dumas the elder, he says, was a prodigious spoilor, both of Shakespeare and Schiller ... It was bis wont crime, ia Dr. Duinay's eyes, that ho pluudered Voltaire without acknowledgment. . . . Nearly tho whole of Lr. Bete Húmame, says Dr. Dumay, has been borrowed by M. Zola from Louis Reillo's romance, ' Who is tho Bogue f ' Dr. Dumay pro- mises M. Sardou that in his next instalment of his exposuro he will ' provo to that author himself that ho owes his fame to his skill and wit in the art of copying.' " Mr. J. M. Barrie's statement that Mr. R. L. Stevenson is ongagod on thrco Scotch novols (writes a correspondent of the Glasgow Herald) is literally correct. It should, however, have boen added that they have been in hand more or less for something like two years, Mr. Stevenson's method of working being to keep several books going at the same time. It is highly improbable that even tho first of these novels will appear within a year hence, and it will certainly bo a mattor of years before tho other two see tho light. Tho rooently-publishod "Catriona" was six years in preparation. The short story en- titled "Tho Ebb Tide," just concluded in serial form, took three years to complote The assumption, therefore, that Mr. Stovonson is about to enter on a period of "pot-boiling" notivity is purely gratuitous, and painful to thoso of his friends who aro aware of the conscientious labour bostowod upon his works. On the contrary, Mr. Stevenson announces a com- plets cessation from literary effort of any kind for six mouths. Mr. Blackmore's now story, " Porlycross," now appearing in Macmillan's, will be published in throe volumes by Mo3srs. Sampson Low, Marston, and Co. early ia May, simultaneously with an American edition which Messrs. Harper and Brothers will issue. Mr. Walter Besant has arranged with Messrs. Chatto and Windus for tho early publication in volume form of a number of short stories which he has published in various journals and periodicals recently. The volume will bear the title of the principal story, " In Deacon's Orders." Th« fol- lowing now novels aro promised immediately by Messrs. Cbatto and Windus:-" Dorothy's Double," by Mr. G. A. Henty ; " Christina Chard," by Mrs. Campbell Praod; and "In Direst Porii," by Mr. Christie Murray, all in three volumes; "Saint Anne's," by W. E, Norris, and "A Daughter of To-day," hy Miss Duncan, each in two volumes. Tho forthcoming volume of short stories by Sarah Grand, which is to hear the general title, "Our Manifold Lives," will be made up of the brief tales which the authoress hos recently contributed to periodical literature. Simultaneously with tho production of tho English version of M. Zola'a play, "Les Héritiers Ita bourdin," by Mr. Green's Indepoudoat Theatre, the piece will be published as a now volume nf tho inter- mittent " Independent Plays " series'. Tho produc- tion of the piece is au audacious experiment, says a critic, for " Les Héritiers Rabourdin " was a dospo rat« failuro in Paris when it was produced 14 years ago. The piece is now translated with the sanction of the author, who protested vigorously at that time against tho " butohery " of his pieoe by the Frenoh critics. The play has something in common with Ben Jonson's "Vblpono," to whioh' M. Zola has acknowledged his obligations. The first largo edition ot the new novel by " Iota," entitled " A Yellow Aster," whioh has just been published in thres volumes, by Mo ssrs Hutchinson and Co., has been immediately bought np by the libraries, and a second edition is now in tho press. . It will ba learned, with very, gouttai regret that th« health of Mr. William Watson, the poet, ii not in inch a favourable condition aa tome recent rep«rta, and tho fact of the appearance of lèverai poetical contribution« from bia pen in th« Spectator and other journals, a few weeks ago, would imply. Mr. Wat- son, who has boen wintering at a health resort in the south of England, hu been prohibited by hui medical adviser, on account of bis extreme nervous sensibility, from engaging for some time to come in literary work of any description. There is to bo a Kelmscott " Shelley." Mr. Morris has consented to print an edition of the poet's works, which will bo arranged and edited by Mr. F. S. Ellis, whose edition of " Keats" has just been completed for the press. The " Shelley" is to be issued in three volumes, which will contain the whole of the longer works, together with most of the lyrics and other minor poems. Mr. Ellis intends to omit all the translations and comicalities (such aa " Peter BoU't and"Swellfoot the Tyrant"); and also the frag- ments and unfinished work generally. 