THEKINfi OP HEARTS AN HISTORICAL EOMAKCE Published by special arrangement joith Mean. Ward, Lode $ Bowden, Ltd. [ALL BIG on BKSBBVED.] CHAPTER IV. A DABS HIGHT'e BDSIKBSS. ST OUTBAK TaiBTaAM. A tramp crouching from the driving snow behind some rotten hurdles, crouching there from dawn, till night fell on' the London Boad, saw all the actons in this drama pass before him on their way down to the Old Moat Honse in Kent—the long tile of soldiers, a silent line moving mechanically through the grey morning light; Captain Foster, his head bent to the saddle-bow beneath the bitter blast, riding through deep drifts in front of Miss Hawley's chariot; the great state ooaoh-of Hie Grace the Duke of Cumberland lumbering by some hours afterwards, the snoirthick on the roof, the postilions plying whip .and spur; finally, as evening fell, Mr Barsao and Mr Browne riding furiously, their capes streaming in the wind, their horses' Bides red from die rowels, a pair of as 'wild horsemen as a solitary roadside 'watcher ever looked upon. The tramp crouching by the side of the London Bo&d; saw all these figures pass t>y liim in the order earned in the course of a short winter's, day. Bnt he did .not heed them—did not connect them in any way with eaob other. Why should lie! He had other things to think of ; how to keep himself warm .for .one- .What to Him .were possible dram as in rich people's lives ? Nothing, He just wondered where the soldiers -were going to so early, thought that the last two horsemen seemed hurried, and that is all he thought about the matter. H« oiled himself found two or three times like a dog, and fell asleep. And yet few travellers have passed on one road to theone goal, to issues big with impending fate, more fury-haunted, more possessed. Behind, the charioteer of Miss Hawley's carriage in particular dark care sat perched, bmce her fainting- fit the night before on the step of Mrs Cornely's, Miss Hawley had scuoely opened her lips. A cold terror possessed This girl; she shuddered at the thought that a weak woman's agitation might have betrayed vital hopes. A prey in «>ii j moment to a hundred fear*, and bitter seif-reproaohes, silence was her sole solace.- By her silence sue could at least do no further **irm. She sat so soil all tnrongn the long journey into Kent—lying back in theoorner of the carriage, closely wrapped in her furs, that her maid, a lynx-eyed, demure deceiver, who sat opposite, more than once thought that her mistress must llmve fainted, she lay back in the corner there so deadly still. . Yes, deadly still, but with her heart beating wildly for the Stranger of Komancs, for the presence who had inspired her with an ideal passsion—a passion born and fed only by a picture—who for years she had known and worshipped only through a picture, who througn * a picture had recognised her -in an instant, had- suddenly shone out of a sordid London crowd, like some splendid knight-errant of the past, smeldsd her from a mob's brutal fury, clasped her passionately in his arms 1 And she—she had betrayed him like some nervous schoolgirl 1 The thought maddened her. He jmght now be, at the very moment, as she was sitting there in her comfort, aud her luxury, a friendless captive in the hands o£ implacable enemies. Ah, uo! the very thought was too cruel for heaven to permit it. A girl's prayers must go for something —such abominations couhi not be. Mo doubt, in spice of her vile, criminal weakness, the object of her adoration had passed v-iihout notices-had left ~ England, had escaped. ' '. * "• .•'•-'' ® T Miss Hawley closed her' eyes, half comforted. , ' " Law, miss, look ; there's a' Soldier." These words were spoken in vulgar tones by Miss Hawley's maid, but "no ' doom thuudered by Sybil ever fell more fatally on hearer's ears. Miss Hawley rose from her seat as if electrified, and looked out. Yes, sure enough, there stood one ptthe redcoats,, whom Jacobite inBtincta had led this young lady to look upon as accursed, smoking his pipe quietly in front of a tavern-door.. Xne carnage was at this moment passing through a village within a mile of the Moat Honse. J!iB8 Hawley pulled the check-string for the. coachman to stop. A servant alighted from the box, and asked if Miss wanted anything. "Go into that house," said Miss Hawley, 1 "and ask a soldier you will find inside what he is doing there." i'uc man departed, after staring a little.. Presently he returned and said— " Tuere is iio soldier there, miss." " Where is Captain Foster ? Tell Captain Foster I want to speak to him." But Captain Foster had ridden on to the Moat House to advertise their arrival. .Sliss Hawley was now deadly pale. "Opeu the door," she said tailmly, "1 Irish to get oat." l'be man muttered something about the enow being deep, and the maid begged her\ mistress not to catch her death of cold.. Beiore they, had .eitner of them time, howc-.er, to take any further prohiDitoiy measures, their miBtress had leapt-from the carriage, -hurried through the deep-snow, aid presented herself suddenly In the midst «i a ciicie'of boors, who -sat drinking and .smoking in the tap-room of the public house. She stood' there'.for a moment so breathless Hiih her excitement and_the suddenness of the action that she was unable to speak; Sue looked like eojhfe white apparition suddenly fallen upon tnis circle of sin.. The circle ol sin, having recovered themselves,* recogujsed her, and rose bowing. " iVhy- do yon tell my servant that*there is no toldisr here T' she aaid. The circle of sin with one accord said igun that there was po soldier there. Miss' hawley stamped her foot; it was a oharac- UTitnc action of hers.. ' * f' i • Ji *• How can youtell sucfr wicked sjjorierr^ she taui. " I saw the man eater the 4obr Kith ii!\\- own eyes." "S circle of sin with one accord said agsiu that* there was n6 isoldiertheuB. Miss ilawiey dutt asked for the landlord. -Sne; was told fie "out. Sue thea'iasked for' bu oaugliter. She waS told that the caughter was out *e>0, Then Miss Hawley, addressing one of the oirple of an by_ nis name, Joe Hobbs, asked how be dared to. treat Her in this disgraceful: maimer. And 1 Joe Ho obs, for all reply, begged fail humble duty. s*id he' meant no offence—didn t tjiuA- huv he-offended. There was no aoidier in the house. And than deep quiet fell upon these elders.^ «• .- '*, '-ZfXXT Mita llawley" darted a glance .m.violent, inaigmtiou at the assembly of siienM, left .the room, and went "back to her Carnage, aud gave the order, " Home," ' ' As the sound of the departing wheels died away, each elder.,pat a pipe into his moufn, and a suldier fullyaocoutredstepped out of a cupboard. - . • ' . > * The man wiped hb forehead, said that he U4fc had a narrow-squeak, swore tbesldets to tcit^ cy, and having armed himselfcirath a boitle .f'vandy, rejirinai iiis Toompaniona, 1 vuo were r'esting in ' i W - ^ . Mm Hawley^ i f ^ ^ ^ S S S i ^vithiu her. Whkt coat doing within ;» jnfe House; Why had Hie "man tt?appesrea*o suddenly; Ah; he was afraid P* seen. There was some secret tra^^jjWU for somebody. The man had no^SOBbt joined hiddeu companions. Treachery was lu the air. Treachery against whom J Miss Hawley felt c^edJ- wild^eaiB passed tuiuuituonsly thrttughher <4>Eamr Pi weutly the stopping of the coach told her m.t the wasat home. .Kowshe jppnld have •an opportunity of \jollecting3u>r thought^ in •yuiet. Quiet was Whatehe wanted. J""* She alighted, taking Captain Foster's hand ttechacvcaily, not seeming to recognise the appealing look in his'Syes, 1 or^B iand- I>restuie which songht-to detain ber. siie broke from huh,' hurried winaing •taitcasc, along ,a riqamr ' Weelf fevoriBhlvStB^ ,, low, wwjfci;, ©u^ntJW^. high-backed chairs, a «ull canopied bed in one corner showed ghost-like in the flickering firelight. A window, overlooked the moat, in the gloom of the winter's evening -which hadolosed in, the moat looked mysterious, wicked, deadly. The girl let her eyes rest on u for a minute, .then drew the curtains close with a shudder. ; With trembling hands she - unlocked her jewel-case and drew out a richly-chased casket She kissed the case passionately, and then opened it with a cry of delight, and gazed rapt- at a beautiful miniature handsomely set in diamonds; The miniature represented the hero of the episode outside Mrs Cornely's, the distinguished stranger whom Mr Barsaa had described as Browne, and as it represented Mr Browne in the full costume of a Highlahd chieftain; wearing his own fair hair tailing in rioh curls to the shoulders, it showed a resemblance nothing short of striking between him and Captain Foster. , . . Then Mi8a3Iawlfiy fell npon her knees and prayed. She prayed long, wildly, for the sake of the-man whose portrait she held to her heart—that safety which some strange, vivid woman's instinot, throbbing within her, told -iter she had endangered. She prayed that he might escape out of his enemy's hands, out of the hands of the wicked, bloodthirsty wretohes who had hunted him town in times past {and here Miss Hawley, with a shudder, put a little prayer for forgiveness for her father), out of toe hands of the wicked, who still panted for that precious blood: And as^shecprayed, Mr Barsac and the subject dfhefprayer, ridinj£ wildly through deep snowdrifts, drew nearer and nearer on the Condon Boad, and a magnificent travelling-coach drawn by four horses entered the avenue leading down to the house ; and after the magnificent coach, and unseen..by its occupant;' came, marching silently. into the aveffue, half a regiment of soldiers*. They spread out right and left of the road; they lined the wood on each side; they drew a thin, .red, cruel line round the Moat House itself,.and, lying hidden, waited. And still the'girl, kneeling in the gloom of the dimly-lignted room, prayed passionately, in'; an -ecstasy of rapt self-abandonment^ in a -blessed unconsciousness of the fatalities -that- were mustering out there in the wild^»»ht—prayed the same bunting, simple pra/era over and over again—prayed with- ; a Jfaith that should hare moved mountains, that the stranger might escape ont ol the hands of the wicked who panted for his blood. - Suddenly, as if in answer to this prayer, confused. noises interrupted it. Carriagewheels grinding over loose stones, the opening wide of creaking doors, orders shouted, hnrrying steps, the many-voiced hubbub widen heralds the advent of & .IwringMwAarf guest; and then, after a silence, a heavy, solitary tread on a . stone 'floor—a tread which had something pitiless in /it. , . It was the Dnke ot Cumberland. An hour afterwards-the large bell of the Moat House ringing for dinner fell upon the ears of two travellers, as they rode .fiercely up to tbe doorof the .small village innT The first; of these two-men -called loudly forjthe ostler, the other sat motionless inhis saddle, sombre, Mb hat pulled over his'l>n>ws, his headSinknpon his chest; he looked speotrelike seen thus, through the steam rising from his heaving horse. The* first of these men, who was Mr Barsac,. dismounted, and gave his horse to the «s$ler. " We are for the Moat House," he said; " we leave our horses here." The*man said that they were wise not to risk attde down a frozen precipice in pitch darkness. He then approached the other's horse and laid hold of the rein. But the rider, speaking thickly, told him with a curse to stand ofT. "Why, Mr Browne," said Mr Barsac, " we dismount here, if it please you. The descent to the Moat Honse is so steep, the road so slippery, the nigut so dark." " That I purpose riding baok to' London." With one of those curiously alert movements ol iusiTIr BwBao caught" thejbridle ol; fiie: speaker's" horse jost^tos his rider turned him' suddenly to " cany out thu resolves • j r • Sir,"' lie said, speaking nervously and rapidly "' 'tis impossible for me to believe from what I have seen of you that you can really meditate such an act of discourtesy." •" Discourtesy, sir I And in what, pray, does the discourtesy lie ? I am not expected your Moat House.'' .. .... "No, sir; but .you have prevailed upon me to introduce you as an .uninvited visitor. You have Caused me a long ride in bitter weather. I have.performed my part faithfully at .probablejinjury to my health. 'Tis not agreeable to see such labour wasted for a whim, if^you will excuse the speech." And : Mr Sfawsac' bowed his reproachful courtesy. Wounded self-esteem was in his tonesj but he kept a feverish grip of the stranger's'' bridle. The stranger seemed touched. • " Whims govern me, sir," he said, and he .laughed a little wildly ; then threw himself off his horse rather than dismounted. Show me where -the lady lives, sir." "if the gentleman means Miss Hawley," began the ostler. Mr Browne gave a great start. " Hawley 1" he exclaimed, turning pale.- Orley, Orley," said Mr Barsac, withn soft impetuosity. "Tnese rustics never spare themselves an! ii." And then he turned and withered {be ostler" with a look. This look of Mr-Barsac's was simply devilish. ''Orley," jBaid" Mr Browne. " Orley! Hawley 1. G«d!. what an extraordinary thing 1" * Thm thickly to Ihe 'ostler retiring with Sie twoiorses, "JEo ! there, you^ sir ! Send me out some brandy,'d'ye heart Pah! \- -the very' name's me^hob makes me, it were, t a i n t . " " . .•CAlij unpttasant 'TecoUection associated with it, sir:?" said Mr Barsac. • "'An' inlerhal one, «r. ; Where is this brandyi" " • '.v . . It -came ip a momoit or two j Drought in bv a strapping", rosy-cheeked barmiud, "who eyed "Mr Browne admiringly, and asked "whether be" Would aot taka it inside, out of the oold. jjr Browne, withgreat gallantly, tonobed the -rifj under the chin and said, " No.'thank^ pfe^y jine," Then betook a lod draji^iU, aha%ve the girl a crown to jjuRberaeixsomfe nEhoiis with. \- •* < ?"le4'l»5t6erj J sii,^hesaid to Mr Barsac, •yhp hsdTri^cfied^tUsJpterlnde with smiling fact : "Shall•weprpoeedl'' " " your 'pleasure. " Thank you, nb irandyr 3.JffUf 4li«t borrow a lantern from leji^ople W: fh^.house here,»nd then we shall be gnite prepared.' "' After a : minute or two, Mr Barsac -ret4n»d, «arrying alarge lantern in his hand. This lantern was not-acquire^ by Mr Barsac Ibr the purpose jof showing ; a road *hich he 'knew perfectly ;" j^Sit- for tbe pnrpoee of BhowineMr^rowiieperfecUytoha oaptors: 'whoSdnot kno w-tim- - The two men passed away together into the tright; ttr«»«eaoTrsikiiig qnite dose to llriJrownB, . movemenM were a trifle .unsteady, nrtssed him toj/ali.his arm in his, stranger refused tWprofer imtaljly ; explJSa that he mis^a inounta^eer; that, compared with jiis. ptst g : abrupt dMMnt Mr Barsac paused, ge I f ^ " 1 1 » h ™ d on trap. njouth of the MrBa-sart ^ ^ t ^ ^ i ^ ® 6 toi^dllr t a n ^ M ^ W P Uoe -" ^ d M r ^laugl^nnpl^tjy. Mike the iaz&tof; Kis^j%rn neither; 6 carefully; tSk nluneod dow^rnow, -almost, f?®- ^ t^i aUoweTfor run nor of the ambuscajde -Btrike; his face on either side. - Arrived .iktia certain bend in the road, in the very densest part of the plantation, Mr Barsac snddfcnly turned, and flushed his lantem full on Mr Browne's face. " Take care here.- sir," he said,- " or you wjUjEalLJ* ...... - „ : The ' «ction was instantaneous. - But in that instant thB eyes of the ambuscade devonred their victim. Fifty soldiera lying on -each side of the path Baw this man's face revealed to them with an "instantaneous vividness -with whioh they had never, seen face revealed .before. The dark curls, the handsome voluptuous features, the melancholy expression, the posc of the head flared suddenly upon them—a light out of darkness. There could be no mistake in the future on -the part of these men. For the identity .was nnmiti^i^BMy .Xt was an ot«maI photograph. - The gate atthe top of the wood, which Mr Barsac and Mr Browne had left open, clanged behind them.. Mr Biusac -turned his lantern from Mr Browne's face, directed it to the path in front of him; once more recommenced the descent. Suddenly he felt the oold muzzle of a pistol pressed against the nape of his neok. He was seized in a grasp of iron, and a voice said quietly in his ear— " Tell me; why you flashed that lantern on my face, sir.-or l will Slow your brains out." The cruel fearTof death seized Mr Barsac —for a moment paralysed tongue, limbs, brain itself..-- He-iivel a whole life in an instamt. Then- jnlhe very j awe of destruction his instantaneous insight into the situation returned to^iiim.; Jn a moment saw what was to'beSone.-i-He feigned a slip, jfell npon the'Ziuitahi, extinguished it, broke it to atoms, j • * 1: > " Now hefwfll"®ot be able to see them," he said to himself. As the very- -lh>rds jprerc on his -lips, and a^ if -to give theih the lie, the moon burst through the clouds. It flooded every cranny of the wood with mystic radiant light. It revealed the ol&Moat; House lying immediately- at their .feet; with suoh surprising vividness that -Mr Browne's eyes remained fastened on it, as if it bad riBen from the ground an-enchanted'^ palace. It revealed also a redcoat half-hidden behind an. oak 7 It Was but for an instant that this burst'of inoonligbt lfell; then all was darkness' again. - There was a moment's silence. Mr Barsac rose from the ground. He thought , the stranger had not seen. You axe mad, sir, surely," he said. And the Voice of Mr Browne made answer in the dark in ey in tones' more melancholy, more fateful -than .Mr Barsac had ever noticed.; in.it: before. - •. t •" " l»<adon,jnr ... Lead on 1" There Were four people seated, at this moment, round the' dinner-table in the great hall of the Moat Honse. Two these, Captain Foster ind Miss Hawley, sat silent, eating little, drinking nothing, eyeing each other -Tiow and again furtively, palpably oppressed. Captain Foster seemed especially under the inflaenoe of some distoHbing secret. - .At the slightest sound outside he started, looked at -the -window, looked at the. door/, then looked at Miss Hawley. Xlrere T^miseryin thlslook, Therewas alBo'pity in it. At the third or fourth start of this kind which the Captain made, the other two diners noticed his agitation. " " Hang it, : 'sir, -sit still, will yon?" sud one of them, a lean, wolfish-looking old man, who Bat at the head of the table. " Gad,i3ie boy starts as if he expected a don," said die other, a burly, butcherlylooking gentleman, who eat under a sort of canopy of state at the other. The -first of these speakers was General HeuryHawley, -who had commanded-under the Dnke of Cumberland at Culloden. The second was the Dukeof Cumberland himself. tieaenl Hawley was a man of about fifty. But he was bent in the baok, grizzled. His atrot'&oe;, long almost as a' wolfs," was fr&wnaiitiledownon; one side. It was a mask-mt^y —lined with agstimd pain, alreadyJialf paralyse£ " Thu maa jivho, in radier-days; had ordered his victims.fb^bfe hungopin:&6nt of-his parlor windows to J help him, digest his breakfast, 1 seemed to feel in his -lonely retirement^he aid of some such digasdvec ^General Hawley's food had long ceased lo nourish >iim. He was a living skeleton, who lived on liquids.; For months no solid food, had passed his lips. To-night, however,-".tu'Tidnor of his" distingnished visitor, he made from time to time a ghastly pretence at^ eating. This attempted gourmandise •mas' hbmole. General" Hawley's distinguished -visitor, though he was at this time but forty-one years of age^soffered like General Hawley nunself ficom^a premature decrepitude—but years of exoeae had branded him in a different way. . Ai: deplorable obesity weighed him down. Sacked with gout, his swollen' oloated faoe/'bis hnge nnwieldy form, his Jolood-ehot eybs, -were signs enough that he preferred the torments of disease to the tedium of re&ular; diet. Always an intempetafce live^ the JDake of . Cumberland had to-night ^eaten and drunken beyond even his ordinary $11, He leaned lieavily back in his arm-ciiiair, • breathing stertorously. The. hnBS of'apoplexy appeared npon his brow, ^rat his Mood-shot eyes remained still'' rixed On4he bottle^ Miss Hawley, sitting like a wood nymph between a lean and a bloated satyr, had several times risen to leave the table (it was evident that an orgie was about to set in), hut each time her father, rousing himself from his goige& reverie, had: told her to sit down. " - v" • ' - Suddenly there was a loud knock at the outer door. There was something ominous in'this knock- ; :Gaptain Fopter ecarted. He infercepteds^i; look of inquiry fran Miss Hawley, swiio tnrnedpale. j .. the Dnke of Cumberland raised his black, eyes slowly Iran the" bottle. " A visitor, Hawley," he sai& : "Ko doubt the one the Captain-has been expecting." ** Ko victor enters tbe Moat House toni^it," said General Hawley. ilis daughter iib,w interposed. **Thinkj 'rir,- 1 . jehe said, "tins' may. be! some poor , traveller . who has lost himself in tire snow. 1 '- " * - . -' Then the poor traveller may rot in the sri&w;, miss," : • - , The Duke of Cumberland, still supine under the canopied<3iair, emittedan amused gurgle. Toe" hfntdity tickled him—remipded him of hetfbr- days. While he was stHl gurfiliM, sa "servant entered with a letter He gave this to General Hawley, with a gro veiling ^subservience which this master exactedfrom liis household,' !The^GtiiBral £ret glaiiced at the signature. This seen, he read the letter, attentively. Xhen sat;np in his-^hair. and read it. again. It evideritiy surpHs^l him. - The letter ran thus:—" My General Hawley, I am here on State affaire this night, with one who little knows into whose house he is coming, or that he is my prisoner. .To presient Unnecessary jraolencjy be pleased to iSuppnos your famous AaqtC- la also that^tof your distinguished'guest.—Sours' tb cdmmand,' Babsao." - - General Hawley-folded the letter. " Mr Barsac is "without on State business," he said. .L,' . - Miss H«wl£yifew*. great start: she gasped, " State business; Her father look«A«her4EBenly. ' "Yes, miss, State business and therefore no business of yoxut$ & Xhen,'-turning to the Duke, " If it plgaae ygnrJfighn^s, we,|will see this Barsac. - jknomi and trn&ted; agent, aid he br»ng?A|4rangOT with him." : Mies Hawleyirose at&e; wopd ".stranger, " as if she haSrtweulshoK^IUI h&mnfonsed; fears of the last twelve hours stirred into andden^ife. ' --ete mSKa sudden mo'lSbn to leave the room. ^ - •"- • : ••Bit' down, miss," said the General. Then the girl obeyed the order t General Hawley once more tnrnbd to his guest—f' Is it yafir. Highnesss jlsajnre that we hap. this fellow in J"lieaitoflj^ ' ,i His Hi^mess ga^eiiisfJeEmission by a nod and a grant. At the"B*meJime, he desired that ceremony mightsbe^sent to the deuce, and reach&IJhut; a gootyfeand for the bottle. "Show Mr Sa«MW^ ^ »b»ngerjn,'' said the seemed to her. to last hours, Miss llawley kept her eyes fixed on Captain Foster's faoe." Sue saw tier lover change colour—grow as white as a sheet—for the first time that night, pour out a bumper with a trembling hand &nd; drink desperately. *' Captain Foster," she said, looking at him as if shs would read his.very soul, '* you know this stranger, I think." "So do you, madame," oried Captain Foster, throwing his glass on the table and starting from his chair. " What 1" cried the General, turning terrible look on his daughter, as she stood transfixed with terror, holding her hands oh her heart. " What ! I" " Hush!" said tile Duke of Cumberland, with something of an aroused interest. "Your stranger is here." And slow footsteps sounded on the Btone Sihe knew them in an instant—in one wild moment divined what.was obmingr-sonnded tne whole honor of the situation to its very depths:. Xnis girl lived a whole lifetime ita this tremendous interval. But at the close Of it she had made up iier mind what she she would do. There should be no recognition this time. A second after she was face to face with him again;' He came from behind a high screen, which had been placed, against the door, paused gracefully, made .a slight inclination to the people seated at the table. He was very pale, his dress was in disarray, his crumpled linen still bore the signs pf Mr. Bareac's late despairing dutch. bnt he looked the chivalrous gentleman that was, standing there, as motionless as a pioture, with Mr Bareac's evil face peering.over bis shonlder- i "I have lost my 'way, I fear,-sir," he said, in his low melancholy voice, "and .intrude where I have no business. This gentleman, however, who rides with me, xeils me that'-he is known to .you, and has prevailedvpon~me taihrow myself on yonr hospitality ior a night's shelter.'-' He loiiked at the Duke of Cumberland as he spoke, supposing him, from his seat under tne canopy, to be the master of the house. The liuke, after eyeing him indifferently, pointed to General Hawley. '' You «.re welcome, sir," said the General. "Will it please you to sit- down. My daughter — Captain Foster. You are acquainted frith both already?" " No, sir," Said the stranger. He sat down by" MiBs Hawley's side with such an easy, 'unembarrassed -air, that Mr Barsac'even, still standing at the back, an amused "spectator Of the scene, eyed him with amazement, almost with admiration. It-would have btoen impossible for any one to have supposed tor a minute that the two had ever met, and seen each other before. Bnt it would not have been so impossible had Mr Barsac been gifted with secondsight, had he been able to secy to feel the wild hand-clasp eloquent of : .sympathy, caution, love, uespair, with which die pale, unmoved gtri greeted Mr Browne under the table. Gestures are some times eloquent. This hand-clasp told Mr Browne all.- A charming emue played on his lips. . He bowed his head slightly, in mute recognition, then looked op and saw General Hawley's filmy eyes fixed on him—fixed upon him uncertainly—in a curious prolonged stare. " You were fortunate, Mr Browne," said he, seating himself, "in riding with one-so well acquainted as is Mr Barsac with these inhospitable parts. Without Mr Barsac's guidance yon would hardly hav« found shelter." Hardly, buy I believe. But I do not see the gentleman. He has not left ua, surely?" " For a moment, sir. Mr Barsac has some slight preparations to atteud to." "l'he stranger looked up suddenly, and intercepted a glance full of meaning between General Hawley and the portly .person still lounging back under the canopied chair on his right hand. - think I still lack .the honor of "an introduction to this gentlemau," he said. *'Content, yourself, sir," said General Hawley. lASThe -honour -will be ^youre jur. tnne.;. . For; the moment the gentleman prefers to remain incognito." Mr Browne coloured high. In spite of another AwdSP hidden"' pressure of . Miss Hawlay's hand, he <eyed both his host aud the gentleman who preferred to remain incoffnilo keenly.. This glance was returned by both gentlemen with interest. At this moment a servant brought in some dinner on a tray for the newly arrived guest, and a large flagon of old.- Nantes orandy. Mr Browne's attention was instantly ' distracted. He attacked the victuals fiercely. The two elderly gentlemen passed the brandy bottle between them —with equal gusto took long fiery draughts. Captain Foster alone sat silent, brooding on the opposite side of the table with his face covered -with his hands. There was- a silence. When Mr Browne had finished his meal, he pointed to ibis despondent figure. . " Captain Foster does not dnnk," he said. " So, sir," said Captain .Foster, not look: ingup. "Then with.your permission." And Mr Browne took a great draught of. .brandy. Miss Hawley rose; - — : -Sit down,"-said her -father. ' «*WJiere are you going *" Shesud that if .she might be excused for moment *h»-needed- her maeliing-aalts. They were in her room. Xh&. in reply to Captain Foster. -who - offered with; no great alacrity to get them. She leit the great .hall by a small'door in the corner, whipnopoied immediately-'on to the; staircase. . She heavily against this staircaier-for a moment, clutching, the balustrade fiercely, afraid that she . was,going'coialntr Then, when after a great effort she had regained possession - of herself, Bhe went fleetly upstairs,- crept through her darkened room, and, shrouding herself behind the enrtain'of' the window, looked out. . She saw Mr Baisao in earnest converaation'with a soldier on the bridge over the moat. There were two bridges over the moat,- besides this one itnmeaiately below Miss Hawley's bedroom window. The girl visited the two rooms," one of them the Duke of Cumberland's, which overlooked these two "bridges; on each bridge she saw the. "same S chilling sight—a soldier silently on guard.' The Moat House was surrounded. . Miss Hawley bathed her forehead with scent; then she went down (gain thoughts fully, ^'quietly, to the great halL For a moment shq paused at the door, listening. Jjoud voices were raised; bursts of thick laughter breaking upon these, proclaimed the 'nature at thia interior. Miss -Hawley brased " her nerves for a chilling sight, and entered. It 'waa well for her, steel-hearted as she wasi "that she had braced her naves. . The iightf was indeed chilling. The Duke of Cumberland had risen from his canopied, chair. Maddened witn final draughts of brandy, following potations already deep, 'his brain had turned. Resting his huge-bulk-heavily on the table, he addressed an imaginary assembly. In hoarse, thick accents-he recounted the glories of Colloden — the brutal massacres which, directed by himself.and his gallant friend opposite^ had followed hard -on that dire day; and his gallant friend opposite bowed his livid, ghastly face repeatedly on to the very table, in mute approbation of each sickening scene.' Between' them sat Mr Browns, his jiand clenched round his glass, his deadly pale features writhing fiercely at each red recollection. .Opposite to him Captain Foster stared aghast. Standing tuere, a silent, horror'stricken spectator, Miss Hawley remained unrecognised. In vain she tried to .anxact Mx'Brownee' attention—to motion icautioii, self-command, auythiig that frantio gestures of. a giri already half tUsoanght oould" impression a man in deadly danger. Carried away with rising excitement, his pale lips mechanically repeating phrases of the deadly tale, Mr Browne sat^there heedless of her presence, like some r wounded lion crouched forithe avenging spring. V At last the ^ip-f-r came. With ia'sudden ^liMigBfrnmmiul rnirnn toHrnnken joonlarity tile hero of the day'described his reojpe fori suppressing revolts. - He painted the .loads' from Inverness to Fort Augustus on the if>ori&|i§ a«e£i*be baStte3 gaieties, houses,; jffts-'itiilaiuesl A' wholeioouniiy ravaged .with'Ure'ud.^wordl^sMeh hunted«nd!Biiot doVn'on'the mountains like " wild" beasts ! -^VToinen <riolatsd, »ft«r having been foroed wt ibw bmbum vs^tm* I Whole families dint in barns and burnt to ashes I It was a saturnalia of slaughter, told by a madman. And the stranger—Mr Browne—what of him? Repeating phrase after horrible phrase louder and louder, till his voioe swelled above the reciter's, the man's long pent-up rage fonnd sudden, furious .vent. He saw nothing of the hall of the Moat House, nothing of Miss Hawley's imploring gestures, nothing of the present peril whioh hemmed him on all sides—nothing of all these—only in one wild vision the bleak Scotch hillsides sown with his slaughtered friends, the blazing villages—a whole country desolated for his sake—and the guilty two I He dashed the glass whioh he held clutched in his hand with such violence on -to the .floor that it flew into a thousand fragments. He reared himself to his full height—his voice rang -out like a trnmpet summoning the-goilty to judgment Murderers,"-he cried, "I know you now I - By your works—at which a whole world has shuddered—by your works I know yon J Outragera of humanity 1 Twin fiends of Hell 1 I know you. Bloody Hawley! and you, Butcher of Culloden 1" (To bt Continued.} 