CHRISTIANITY IN RELATION TO SOCIALISM. ALL SAINTS Crujncii. lesterdoy being Whitsunday the reotor of All Saints, Canon Robinson, in the morning drew special attention to tho foundation of the festival, and spoke of the day as being the anniversary of the " Birthday of the Church " The sermon in the ovoning was on "Chris tianity in Relation to Socialism," the text was Acts lv , 32 to 3?, and Acts v., 1 to 5 Dealing with the incidents narrated in the passage chosen as his text the rev. gentleman ques tioned the accuracy of the general belief that Ananias and Sapphira were struck dead for telling a lie Before the deceit of these two, he said, Communism was the rule—the universal rule apparently—within the Christian fold. It was not enforced. That would have spoilt it altogether, but it was practised freely as a natural consequence of a whole-hearted follow ing after Christ. But after the deceit of Ananias and Sapphira Communism ceased to be tho rule— apparently it ceased to exist. In tho very next chapter we find another and altogether lower state of things—a sort of Charity Organisation Society in connection with the infant Church—together, no doubt, with all the paltry greeds and grudges and impostures with which we are too familiar to day. What became of tho primitive Com munism? It seems not too much to say that Ananius and Sapphira killed it by their false and sacrilegious hypocrisy Tho question cannot be easily decided as to whether the Communism which at the first was the voluntary rule of Christian living died a violent or a natural death. Was it in rely tho accident of a transition period which passed away with tho exceptional circumstances out of which it sprang, or was it tho natural and proper outcome of tho gospel on its social side, which might perhaps have endured even until now had men been able to walk worthy of their high calling. ' If we would find an answer to this question we must surely consider very care fully the social teaching of our blessed Lord, as recorded in the first three gospels Of Him we are told, as you know, that "tho people were astonished at His doctrine: ' and I ven ture to say that the real reasons why the social teaching of our Lord does not astonish and startle us as we quietly listen to it is because our familiarity with it has bred, not indeed contempt, but indifference, and because with a curious lawyer-like art we persuade ourselves that tho obvious meaning of a gospel haying is not its real meaning There can be no doubt about this, I suppose, tint the Divine Master does teach us to fear rather than to desire wealth He warns us against laying up treasure on earth, He tells us that it is hard for the rich to enter into tho Kingdom of God. He warns us most solemnly against tho selfish luxury of DiveS, and holds out to us as" a counsel of perfection" the abiding distinction of for- saking all beyond the necessaries of life' in order to be like Him. As for Himself, He came into the world a pool man's son, He lived poor, He died poorer still. His disciples were chosen from tho poor. He was not satís fied till He had made them poorer still. Tho little they had He made them renounce St Paul worked as a tentmaker, the teaching of St .lames on its social side is de cidedly communistic. In short it is impossible to escape the feeling that Christianity is apparently a failure socially, when we contrast modern society with tho rules and principles laid down by our blessed Lord "All ye are brethren" was tho teaching of the Nazarene. All men are brothers in right of their common humanity, of which He was tho perfect type. And He, whose life was tho embodiment of this principle of brotherhood, ceaselessly enforced open others its duties and its claims. In tho Sermon on the Mount He laid down for all eternity the principles which should govern tho relations of people to people, class to class, man to man, and in the ideal Church as He founded it, and there alone, can the fair dream of liberty, equality, and fraternity be realised; true liberty for all the regenerate children of God, from the chains of self and sin, true equality in equal divine privileges, true fraternity in the all embracing love. It is saddening, it is terrible in tho faec of this, to contemplate things as they are. Property is still distributed according to a gospel rule, but it is not one which tho Primitive Church would have thought applicable. " Unto him that hath shall be given, and from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath." It seems as if, according to the inexorable operation of tho laws of political economy under a system of unlimited competi- tion, tho rich grow ever richer and tho poor grow daily poorer— the gulf between tho rich and tho poor seems ever widening—and the poor are more and more conscious of it. So many million souls added periodically to our city populations. So many millions added to the multitudes who live in endless toil, and die as paupers—so many more millions of women to suffer and to weep all their lives, so many more millions of children to grow up in tho streets and learn all too soon the vices and the sorrows of adult life. And " tho moneybags"—tho " secret of England's greatness"—they are growing too. So many more thousands to be clothed in purple and fine linen, and to fare sumptuously every day—so much more gold and silver to rust and canker and to eat into their flesh as it were fire. Christ declared it to be easier for a camel to go through a needle's eye than for a rich man to enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Of course His warning was couched in metaphor and in an Eastern figure of speech, but a metaphor is simply a graphic way of expressing a truth, which is not less true because figuratively expressed. Meanwhile we nineteenth-century Christians evidently think that riches pave the way to heaven, and measure a man's happiness by his bank account. Ah, my friends, if we would only make an honest effort to realise the depth of the golden rule—and having realised it then to live by it—there would be nothing left for the social reformer to desire. It is of course easy to point out the running sore. It needs little more than an eye to see, and a heart to feel, and a little courage, in order to expose tho evils of the present monarchy of mammon the tyranny of tho modern gospel of selfish- ness. It is not so easy to persuade people that all remedial efforts apart from Christianity must fail in the future as they have done in the past. Communism as a system had but a brief existence in the early Church. And whatever men have tried since in the way of Com- munism has failed. Why? Because they could not, and they cannot now, trust one another. Co-operation in tho labours of life—does very well for animals like the beavers, for they do not deceive one another, nor does one desire to grow fat at his neighbour's expense, neither does one wish to get credit for having done what he has not really done. Why cannot Christian men be as true to one another and to the society of which they form a part as beavers ? Ask Ananias and Sapphira. When they began there ware no suspicions, no grudging one against another; "neither was there any among them that lacked." When they had ended there was "a murmuring" of the rich against the poor, there was the fore- taste of those disastrous evils which we de- plore to-day. They only " told a lie," but that lie gave a mortal blow to the mutual confidence on which any system of communism must rest. The social problems of advanced civilisation are beginning to frighten us now by their naked ugliness ; we are beginning to estimate the results of unlimited competition—the evils of a reign of universal greed-we are alarmed at the hideous contrast between the professed principles and the existing facts of Christian society. We are obliged to confess that socially Christianity seems to be a failure, and few will deny that tho failure is nowhere more harshly apparent and more keenly felt than among free, prosperous, peaceful, Bible- reading English people. Before the eyes of statesmen and political economists are tho unsolved problems, How can the lot of the vast masses of the toilers of our country be permanently mitigated? How give them a fairer share in the wealth of this country (of this new land of ours)? How equalise the pressure of labour between those who enjoy and those who create? How best provide work for the increasing number of unemployed? How do all this without injuring national prosperity, or undermining the founda- tions of national credit ? These problems may well tax the keenest intellects of our wisest men. The leaders of the Church, too, are con- fronted with problems no less momentous— how to bring the mass of tho people into sympathetic touch with the Church, and to win for her doctrines and her sacraments the loving appreciation of all her children ? It is the opinion of a large and increasing number of thoughtful minds that the solution of these problems must go hand in hand, and that the measures and system which will accomplish tho material salvation of the people will also win them to a closer union with the Church. This, I think, is plain, that we shall never find our way to industrial peace, our way out of the cruel conflicts we know too well, unless we bring into play those moral motives, those religious convictions which lie behind the rights and interests of property, behind the naked mechanism of the markets, and which spring from that brotherhood which makes us all one in Christ Jesus. The primitive communism of tho first believers is dead. It was as transient as the sweet freshness of tho sunrise in a tropical land. It is impossible—it is undesirable to restore it now. I suppose it will never be realised on earth. But although that brief period of peace had to pass away, its memory re- mains and brings with it a message alike to the Church and to the individual conscience. To the Church, the message seems to be a word of warning to avoid tho errors of the past ; to avoid everything like the material and spiritual tyranny of an aristocratic priesthood or of a centralised autocracy; to avoid the evil of converting the commonwealth of the Church into a spiritual monarchy, whence have sprung manifold evils and errors ; to avoid all alliance with political parties or the interests of a class, and a call to witness ever more and more to the fact that God gives to her a message for men—a gospel of good tidings, of " peace on earth" between tho con- flicting interests of class and class ; a gospel of tho true Christian Socialism which acts by raising the lower to the standard of the higher, not by dragging all down to one dead level ; a gospel which recognises the fact, too often ignored and forgotton, that all the children of God are members one of another ; a gospel whose watchword is " Each for his brother and God for us all ;" a gospel which is signified and represented at God's altar, where kneel together prince and peasant united in the common sacrament of God's love. And to us all individually tho message comes to our per sonal conscience It bids us at all cost in face of our own dusty labours, our fret, and double, and worldly noise, secure to ourselves and cleanse an inner chamber in tho heart fresh swept and pure; to expel thence every Ananias and Saphira, to cast out dead every conscious hypocrisy, every spoken or acted lie It assures us that " it is more blessed to give than to receive ," that God's best saints cling least to their private rights, that God cares for the weak and the suffering rather than for those who have all that they desire ; and that earthly prosperity and worldly success have nothing at all to do with that spiritual judg ment according to which souls are accounted worthy before God. Brethren, let us accept the message, and endeavour by the grace of Gol so to rule our own lives, so to help and influence others, that we and they, strengthened by tho efforts and trials of the past, may rise to a height above tho lower atmosphere of greed and selfishness and hate Some day, on the mountain top, in tho pure radiance of " the Light that never was on land or sea—whom none shall hurt or destroy— tho nations of them that are saved" shall realise the vision of God and worship Him face to face Tho musical poition of tho servicos woie bullit and jubilant, the anthems wero Attvvootl's' Come, Holv Ghost" and "Great ia the Lord " Hie newly appointod oiganist, Mr L P lo'ie-i played, and is noticeable for his grnco and lotltieincnt 1 oi the i t tis niomiior for Aubigny rendel od vacant by the insolvonoy of Mr. Lovijoy, thero aro alroady Illino candidates in the field (savs tho Allora Guardian). Mr Livojoj has iiitmiulad his intontion ol again socking re olectton , and for new blood, Mr. M. Dempsey, ot Gowilo, a fannel huidme very Advanced view H on political inuUiits, und Mi. W. Thorn, of looivooinba, hnvo already announced then intention ol contesting tho boat, rXTRACT THOM PRIVATE LEI 1I.R "Hiilliiliilv apuultiiig 'Bulgun I (iml' entirely saved babj's life Hu (ottld digest nothing until wo bogan thu 'Benger' Ho is now IOBV, and fattonlng rapidly." Bungoi'sfoi infants, children, and invalids Hotn.il in lins, lu Ud , 2a, (Id , 6s , and 10s,, of chemists, ito , ovoiywlu ro AgouU Llltott Bros and Co , and Boikloj, Tayloi, and Co.Bnsbauo-LAuvi.l 