WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1894. Our cablegrams show how sharply the tragedy at Lyons has arrested the attention of the civilised world. The thrust of that Italian lad's knife is felt in every Court in Europe, and may have the gravest political results. The nationality of the murderer, for example, will, in the imagination of every French- man, add a new malignity to the crime, and because an Italian knife has slain President CARNOT a new exasperation will creep into the relations between France and Italy. The whole govern- ing class throughout Europe, too, will feel that the murder of the French President is one more proof of the despe- rate character of the new force which is menacing society; and society will certainly arm itself with new laws against the common enemy. Taken as a mere dramatic instance, again, of the tragical vicissitudes of human life, what can we imagine more striking than the fate of President CARNOT ? At half- past 9 o'clock on Sunday night the ill-fated President was driving through lighted streets amid cheering crowds to the theatre. Yet at that moment, though he knew it not, the tale of life was told, and for him nothing remained but its last syllable—the thrust of a mur- derer's knife and three brief hours of anguish. The irony of life has perpetual illustrations, but history records few more striking, more pathetic, than the one yielded by the tragedy on Sunday night in the streets of Lyons. The true intellectual interest of the tragedy, however, lies in the evil force which produced it, and which, at the present moment, is disquieting every civilised Government. We are at the end of the nineteenth Christian century. Science has achieved splendours for us. Never before was the world so rich in knowledge or humanity or freedom. And yet, somehow, amongst the most civilised nations, and under the best social conditions, there has emerged a force which threatens the very existence of all society. The eleventh century gave us the Assassins, a distinct sect which elevated murder into a duty, and which somehow contrived to exist as an organised society for hundreds of years. The thirteenth century witnessed a curious outbreak of Devil-worship, with appropriate orgies, in France, and the close of the eighteenth century beheld the Reign of Terror and the invention of the worship of the Goddess of Reason in Paris. But who can ex- plain the appearance of the Anarchists, or who can translate into rational terms and make intelligible to the sane understanding the ideals of anarchism ? Anarchism is best described, perhaps, by a catalogue of negatives. It does not move, for example, on national lines ; for, as GUISEPPE FARNARA (recently arrested in London, and said to be the ablest of the Anarchists) puts it, "For us there are no frontiers." Its root is not mere class hatred ; for though the Anarchists loudly profess to hate the bourgeoisie, and capitalists, and GOD because " He is the ally of the " bourgeoisie," yet, as a matter of fact, they blow up a popular Parliament, an opera-house, or a New York tenement crowded with poor, with equal im- partiality. Anarchism is not a mere revolt from oppression ; for it grows as rankly under a republic, American or French, as under a despotism. Its root is not mere impatience of misery, for it does not break out where misery is keenest. It does not spring from ignorance. EMILE HENRI, for example, belonged to a university, and most of the Anarchists have at least an uncomfortable amount of chemical knowledge. The Anarchists try to explain them- selves, but their own explanations are wildly incredible. VAILLANT, for example, declared that his saucepan filled with nails and dropped on the heads of French legislators was merely the translation into the concrete of the science of DARWIN and the philo- sophical ideas of HERBERT SPENCER ! EMILE HENRI, who blew up the Carmaux Company's offices, explained that he did so because he had discovered that such words as honour, devotion, and duty were only "masks for the " most shameful turpitudes." He de- posited and exploded his dynamite from an anxious desire to " remove all " obstacles to the play of human " passions, the generous tendencies of " the heart, the free utterance of " thought " ! Perhaps the idea most clearly visible in the lunatic creed of anarchism is a passionate hatred of the bourgeoisie—of the comfortable classes, that is. EMILE HENRI, for example, explained that when about to blow up the Carmaux Company's offices the thought occurred to him that there might be some innocent persons there, but he adds, " I soon solved the ques- " tíon. It was inhabited only by bour- " goisie, there would therefore be no " innocent victims." FARNARA wanted to blow up the London Exchange because it contained a greater number of the well-to-do than probably any other building in the world. "The bour- " geoisie," he said, " are the same all the " world over, Riches mean robbery. " I have no religion, but I am set upon " carrying out this idea. In two or " three years there will not be a " Government in existence, either here " or elsewhere. That is my reli- " gion." Why there should be this pas- sionate hate of the well-to-do is cer- tainly not very clear ; and perhaps the single articulate and genuine thought in anarchism is a desire to destroy all the forms of society and government in the belief that, out of the chaos, there will somehow emerge a new and glorified social order. But was there ever before, outside the walls of a lunatic asylum, a belief so absolutely divorced from reason, or so peremptorily contradicted by history ? Does this hatred of existing society, as a barrier interposing betwixt the human race and the Golden Age, really consti- tute the inspiration of men like RAVA- CHOL and VAILLANT and the Italian youth who has just slain Presï- dent CARNOT ? We doubt it. This idea is of the nature of an afterthought, employed to make respectable passions and acts which are mere explosions of the wild beast in man. Anarchism, according to the Spectator, is the logical but quite unforeseen con- sequence of that worship of Society which has of late so powerfully influenced the politics of the world. Society, we are teaching multi- tudes, is a sort of human Providence, clothed with all sorts of mysterious functions, a sovereign and even semi- divine Power ; and when this new Deity fails to re-make the world, what more natural than that some of its ignorant worshippers should be seized by a passion of hate, and try to destroy to-day what they worshipped yesterday ? The French authorities hold that anarchism is largely the product of the morbid vanity of criminals. An Anarchist in the pos- session of a bomb is a hero, the pre- occupation of all civilised Governments. And having exploded his bomb, he is able to put murder under a masquerade of fine phrases about the " guilt " of society and the " wickedness " of all human laws. Anarchy, in brief, is the ape and the tiger in human nature set loose from all the restraints of religion, the lurking blood- thirst in man inflamed by a lunatic vanity, and half-persuading itself that it is a new mode of social regeneration. And this, alas ! is the latest product of Christian civilisa- tion. Anarchism, of course, will pass away as the Black Death which once laid waste half the nations of the world has passed. " Whatever reigns," says the Spectator, " anarchy will not " reign, for order is a law stretching " far beyond this little planet." But, in addition, it is plain in that the Anarchists are very consummate fools. They will array against themselves all races and all governments and all classes. The mob is against them, and a known Anarchist would probably be lynched in Trafalgar-square to-day but for the police. All the barracks of Europe are against them, for they profess to regard soldiers as only " workmen " in coloured jackets," as guilty as the bourgeoisie. They will be denied an asylum in every civilised land. Re- publics and monarchies alike—the English House of Commons, the French Chamber of Deputies, and the American Congress—will all join in edicts against them. They may kill a President or a Czar, but they cannot kill society. But what a satire on civilisation that, at the end of the nineteenth century, it should breed a spectre like anarchism ! Yesterday's debate and its outcome of a unanimous second reading were further evidence to show the friendly feeling of the House towards the Crédit Foncier measure. The acknowledgment is general that in the present anomalous condition of our financial affairs, and the present clouded prospects of the great agricultural interest, not only is it advisable to initiate a Crédit Foncier institution here, but that the state is justified in undertaking the responsi- bility of initiation. How far the state should go after the great task of initia- tion has been successfully accom- plished and the institution is working with success, it will be for the future to decide. Nearly overy member who spokb yestorday emphasised our remarks that tho proposals of tho bill and their effect havo been greatly exaggerated. Thus two dangers havo become ap- parent. If tho bill is brought up to the standard of tho brilliant pi omises and tho glittering allurements which have been held out thoro will bo peril to the community, and if tho bill>ÍB not brought up to 'this standard therö' may bo a serious 'reaction and a bitter dis- appointment. This latter risk, how- ever, cannot bo helped. It will bo for members iu both IIouscs to dischargo their duty honestly to tho community without fear or favour, and to botli liboraliso tho measure whoro it can bo liberalised and to instituto those checks und guarantees which nro so strangely omitted. As Mr. DUFFY pointed out, the debiro to achieve somo particular and oxcollont object is ono tiling, and tho success of somo particular measure is another and a very different thing. Tho irrigation scheme was tho bon. member's strongest illustration, for assuredly tho grand object of tho water enthusiasts was to popúlalo the country and to send up tho valuo of land ; and yet agriculturists are clearing out of many districts in order to avoid tho irrigation rates. Eagerness outran discretion ; business caution was unfortunately forgotten, and tho result is a totally unnecessary failure. A thoroughly good principio lins boon brought into partial discredit, and a possiblo progress has boen seriously checked. Possibly it was his koon rocollcction of the need of thorough investigation beforo a new departure is taken, and of the unexpected ron Boquonccs which may result from unit- ing "a good cry" to animporfectmea- sure, that brought out Mr. DEAKIN as tho keenest critic of tho Crédit Foncier Bill. Not much that tho bon. monibor said was now, but much was fair and valuable comment, In particular, ho called attention to tho omission from this bill of tho Crédit Foncior provisions for " a compulsory resorve," for a " spocial fund for loan risks," and a " sundry roserves fund " also. Un doubtodly those provisions have to bo supplied, for 'it is their absence that has brought many a financial venture to an untimely one!. ' In dwelling upon* the point that tho valuation is the crux of tho sohomo, Mr. DEAKIN took an in- stance from our columns. As ho says, tho oxporiouco with tho Crédit Foncier in tho Argentino Kepublic ought not to bo wholly ignored, and tho fact with regard to that experiment is that present quotations show that the lands aro not worth to-day ono sixth of tho loans" granted upon them. The good pooplo of the Argentino lîopublie profossod to tako the Crédit Foncier as thoir modol, " with local " adaptations to suit Argentino circum " stances." They omitted hore and they added there ; they plunged half-reck lessly and half-unknowingly, and they made a miserable end. No doubt tho men of the Argentino Republic aro ono race and the mon of tho Australian colonies aro another, and the com- parison is by no means to be pushed too far. But for all that tho Argentine boom exporionce confirms our own far as it went in tho general market. Heavy advances sent up the market price of land here aa thcro. | Further advances on that fictitious valua- tion sent up the price again, until the i boom was fairly established-and tho .point is that no such boom would have bponrpossiblo either in tho Argentino or ''in Australia if the Crédit Foncier principio had been established of valuing only on tho.actual and imme- diate income oarning capacity of the property advanced upon. Thus tho cardinal pringle of tho Crédit Foncier is omitted from the Government bill, and without this provision, whatover else the scheme may be, assuredly it is not a Credit Foncier proposal, nor a proposal free from the gravest risk. It is a sign of tho times that tho member for Essondon, who once went perilously near flying the yellow fing of prohibition, should now bo heard to state that it is necessary to " strike off burdons" in order to ofJuctually reliovo tho producer. Mr. WALTER MADDEN afterwards omphasised this contention. The member for Horsham avers that if tho bill achieves all tho rosults that aro foreshadowed by its warmest supporters, still much, very much, will remain to bo done in ordor to assure the prosperity of tho pro- ducers, upon whoso successful future Victoria now absolutely depends. Relief cannot bo givou, as the lion, mombor says, by any ono measure. The problem has to bo attacked all round. A low rate of interest needed, a low scalo of freights, a low list of duties. For our part, with a duo sonso of tho gravity of tho position, wo seek to obtain each concession in turn, and to obtain each on strictly "busi " ness principles." Thoro is a good deal of forco in the suggestion of Mr. LANGDON, the mombor for Korong, that tho stnto should com- mission nn export to investigate tho methods of handling and transporting goods and produce adopted by our large and successful competitors. How, for instance, can wheat bo carried from 1,000 to ,-l,fi0O miloä across country in tho States and in Cunnda, mid yot pay 1 What hints can wo obtain from our rivals in tiny part of tho cultivator's business ? To mention ono of Mr. LANOIION'H points, is tho elevator system capablo of introduction here altogether or in somo modified form,> and in somo places if not in others 1 Only an export could decide. Tli.it wo aro bonton lind badly bonton by our competitors in tho matter of cheap transport is senrcoly any longor to bo denied. Tho original stutoments that " Victorinn rate-8 aro tho lowest in tho " world-lower tlmn those of Amorica," aro indeed so utterly astray ns to bo altogether comic. It lins been mid that tho ratos montioned in The Arpis as thoso now obtaining in Amorica aro for long- distance carriage alono, brit it is scarcely necessary to say that this is not tho caso. Our reactors would not supposo thut wo would abuso their confidonco by withhold- ing facts or by garbling figures. Wo hnvo quoted the only rolurn it is fair lo quote, tuiuioly, tho official returns for all goods andforall distancos-tliogenornl uvorago, whothor the trunsport is ono milo or one thousand milos and whothor tho goods conveyed aro millinery or coal or vvlioat. These rates aro : Per Ton l'cr Mile. America .0W. New South Wales . lïil. Victoria .Sid, As to agricultural produce it is vory cvidont that if tho general rato for all I goods in Amoricn is only ¿d., tho prico for wheat, which is charged tho lowest rato of nil, cannot oxcoôd ¿d. per ton, and assvvo know on many of tho main linos tho avorago is fttr less titan this sum. Tho wheat figures may, thorcfore, bo stated : Per Ton Per Mile. America .Old. New South Wnlcs . 0>L Victoria .Id. It is USOICBS, thoroforo, to toll tho Vic- torian farmor that ho should rest and bo contont, gratoful with having for Ministor a politician of tho high status and tho innocent surroundings of Mr. RICHARDSON. Tho Promicf said yes torday that a civil survico clerk left behind at Ottawa by Mr. ROHKIIT REID is to inquire into tlio freight question in Canuda mid Amoricn. Wo may hopo that Mr. LANGDON will not lie satisfied with this put-oil' reply, but will soo if it ¡H not feasible to test tho opinion of the lioubo on the sulijoet. However estimablo as a civil servant tho ollicor in question may bo, lie enn bring no pmcticiit ltnowledgo to bear on tlio question as to what wo enn do to oinuhto America, mid what wo must bo contont to lotwo undone This all-iinpoitnut work can only bo uiideitiikon by somo expert familiar with Victorian trnllic and of tested engineering ability- by home export, moreover, who lins not sot his back up stubbornly against progress and íoform. Wc publish lo-tlay the first portion of a detective Htory ol «rent interest, entitled " Mnrtin Hewitt, Investigator : The Case of the Dixon Torpedo." The second portion of the story will nppetir in next Wednesday's issue. Tlie author is Mr. Artlnir Morrison, n writer well known for his contributions to the 1'lnglisli periodical». 'Hie K.M.K. Ophir arrived nt Adelaide yesterday. Tho mails were despatched by the afternoon express, nnil will be delivered in Melbourne this morning. There is never much work forthomenrbcrn of the l.t'Ktsltitive Council to do in the early part of the session, for hills have not arrived from the Assembly, und those which are originated in the Council nITord little scope for dehnte. Thorcfore Mr. Wynne readily yielded to a HUggetiüon mude by Mr. M'Culloch last night that the House should adjourn for a fortnight, and it will not nit again till the 10th July. The Council agreed yesterday in n very cordial manner to join in the address of con grnttilntion U» the Queen on the hirth of th» ltoynl l'rhicp, her Krent-Rrtiiidson, und of sympathy and condolence to the Trench nation and Minliime Carnot on the tinglo death of the President, Tlio 'remainder of the evening waa spent m committee on the Trusta Act 1800 Amendment Hill 'Uns is a subie et on which lion members uro quite ut home, anel niivny ot tliem can sptalc from pnmtul ex ponence of the binden «mel loss to winch tiusttts ure subjected under the present law The bill was passed through com mittec with little altérai ion, but one or two clauses were postponed for mrtlier considera tion When the Legislative Assembly met for business yesterdaj resolutions were ngreed to on the subjects of the birth of a son of their Royal Highnesses the Dul eand Duchess of York and the assassination of President Carnot Hie debate on the Cródit loiieier 1)111 wnsiesumed shortly after 5 o clock, Mr W Andeison continuing the address interrupted on thursday Ile was foi lowed by Mr Graves, who gave place to Mr Cart) Salmon, that lion mern ber making his maiden speech, which was listened to very attentively Mr lutthtll and Mr Murray were the other speakers up to tho adjournment Mr Hawson continued the debate afterwards, and interest was renewed in the Bubject when Mr Duff) Bpoke from the front Opposi tion bench Mr Methven supplied a short criticism, and Mr Deakin a long one, at times trenchant, thctierh not so bright as usual Sir Bryan O Loghlen then interposed and Mr Walter Madden succeeded him with a pithy commendation of the measure Mr T Murphy Mr Graham, and Mr thomson having spuken, tht second reading was nc,rteel to with cheers Clauses I to 3 having been passed in committee, progress was reported, and the House ndjourned at 10 0 clock Hie resolution congratulating Her Matest) the Qnee n on the birth of the son of the Duke and Duchess of York was proposed b) Sir James Patttrson in the Legislativo Assembly jesterday in very few words, and Mr Shiels, in seconding the motion, was also brief 'J lie totter expressed the hope that the " tiny morsel of humanity " would live to be a great comfort to its parents Mr Murray, in speaking to the motion, sud he knew lus remarks would be miscon strued Ila thought a message ot con dolencc should be sent to the widows and children bereaved by the terrible colliery explosion in M aleB, and was against the expenditure of state money m sending the telegram proposed He regretted that tho invitation to the Duke and Duchess of Yolk to visit Australia was not accepted It uiifeht have happened that the young prince would have been born here in which case the illustrious parents mie,)it have seen the propriety of reu arding the Premier b) christening the infant "James Drown Patterson Guelph Hie House elisapproved of the tone of the lion member s remarks, which wore sill), utiel in wretchedly bael taste, and tht Speaker "pulled him up' two or three times When ho had concluded the motion was agreed to 1 lion the Premier moved an atlelrcss of, condolente with the French nation unel vvitb Madame Carnot on uecount of the assassination of President Carnot Mr Shiels was again the seconder, and the House fervcntl) applauded the refer enees made to tin, dastardly act that had robbed the 1 rench nation of its foremost and most upright citizen Mr Duff) opened his speech on the Credit 1 oncicr Hill by reading the title, as follows -" To cnablo advances to be made to farmers graziers, und persons enyued in ugntulturul or pastoral pursuits,' and then added, "who do not want suth advances The people who were most in need of sup port would not receive it but those who would bt btnctittd were the gentlemen whom the Treasurer and his colleagues had met at the festive board on their trips through the country "Indeed, said the lion member, " I have bearii it caul that the track of Ministers through the country is marked by empty bottles and broken pro- mises-or was it broken bottles and empty promises ? ' He lias no belief in the power of the bill to snvc the poor farmer, but thinks that it will enable the well to do man to obtain money on ens) terms to lend to needy neighbours at a good profit, or, what would be worse, buy out thpse neighbours Mr Deakin complained of the want of informa tion concerning the position of the Savings Hanks, and condemned the proposals of the Government because they would not In troducc the Credit 1 oncicr s)stcm they would make money oheap for the few while giving nothing to the many most m need Sir Graham Berry lind welcomed the bill as an instalment of stn te Botinlism, but Mr Deakin, though not opposing state socialism did not approve of the state assuming functions that might bo better discharged by private enterprise 'Hie lion member warned the House that the experiments in state Bociahsm in the construction of rail wa) s and in establishing irrigation trusts had not been OB successful as wus anticipated, and some members said " Hear, hear ' to mark the surprising Deakin comment on the Deakin water pohcj It was pointed out bj Mr Walter Madden in tht Credit 1 oneier debute in the Legisla tlvc Assembly last evening that let the bill be even mort successful than the most ardent well wisher desired, it would still leave much to bo done for the farmers, w hose position demanded the most earnest attention He had endeavoured to estimate the extent to winch they had suffered by the depression in comparison with other members of the communit), mid ho had worked out these results -Ministers in their ofTiciul capacities had suflercd to the extent of 4s in the ¿1, members of tho Assembly, 3s , publia servants, from Is to Is , pro fcssional me n, such as doctors, law) ers, and the like, from 5s to 10s , owners of oity and suburban properties, nn average of 10s , tramway salaried men, Gs to 9d , tramuuy wages men, Os , Government wages men, Is , but tanners from 10s tolCs " Prove it, prove it " cried bon members on the Opposition Bide , and Mr Maddon prompt)) and calmly replied, "I will prove it A few)ean ago a ling of wheat woulel liny a sovereign , to day it takes three bags to do so , that shows a loss of Us 4(1 , doean t it "'Ves )is was the nspouse 'And didn't we read the other day that heifers wert sold at Kerang for II ' '1 bree years ago a heifer was worth li '1 here >ou have a loss of 11s 41 nt,mn Hie bon member gnvo cordial Bupport to the bill whioh, he mitti, would confer con sidcniblc benefit upon the fanning com munit) An important question arising out of tho proceeeliiii,s in tho Spe\yht v Syme trial on Monelay was given notice of in theLegislu tive Assi mbly by Mr I Harris jesterday Ile will ask the Minister ot Kmlwnya today ns follows -' If his attention has bton called to a letter productd ni the hearing of the libel action k/cijht t Syme in winch Mr David Syme wrote to ti Mr M Donne!! forwarding linn tht written nulhont) of tho Munster to inspect the Ntwport workshops Under wlmttirtumstuiitcs tit whose mstnntt und for what purpose was tho authority fcivin ¡ V IIB Mr M Unnntlls nnmt written as M Donalil in the letter of authority, and if HO for what reason! Mr Lantrelon propotmdel a polio in a question put to tht l'rtniiir in the Logada tivt Asstmbly )i Bier lay vvlicn lit askidtliat the déboutes to the Ottawa Confi renee, or, failing them a goo 1 prnttitnl ue,e nf slioul 1 be diretted to rtpott upon tbt rules and methods (fourmile, the wheat trade in Ameriea, Hit eiiiestlons of IrnnsportH freights and so on Sir James l'littirson eviltntly did not fully appretinte tht lion number H enthusiasm, for lie mniply replied that Mr Matltay, secretan to the Munster ot »tillite, lind Iten lift bj Mr Ile id m tbt United States and Canalla to make inquiries into wheat matters anil to report on lim ii turn I lie lion t,entl( man mirel) tnniiot claim that Mr Mackay IB a practical mun Biiuge stcd Mr Lang Ion but tht 1 rem» r did not purnut the Uipit Mr 1 iimylun howtur, Intends to e,o lurlher, and will ask the Minister of Agritulture to day to mtrodutt a thtaper meide than now pre valla of bundling win at and transporting it to tht scobounl 'Hie newly appointed Hallways Standing Committiu mtt jcBtenlnj at Parliament houat and wore sworn In On the motion ot Mr 1 osier, Mr J Hums, M L A , was unanimously appointed ohairman, und Mi Melville, M L C , was eltoted vice- chairman ' '1 ho chairman and Mr. liuohanan were do pu ted to see the President of the Legislative Counoil to ascertain if the committee roora occupied bj tho previous committee would ngnii) be available lor the use of tho commit tee A deputation eomposed of the Parliamen tary représentatives of the Bendigo distnut nnd nlso scvernl of the labour members waited on the Minister of Water Supply "t Parbnment-house last night, and asked that during the winter wnter Bhould be granted free from the Coliban cbnnnela tounemplojcd miners in the Bendigo district who were endeavouring to earn a livelihood nt sluicin" It was stated that this privilege was granted lust year, and that the water during the next few months would run to waste if it were not utilised in the rummer proposed Mr M Coll replied that it was found last «inter that there were persons getting water for nothing who could nfford to pny for it and this lind caused discontent nmongst those who lind been churned lor the wnter supplied them The miners m the Castle maine and Chewton district liad »treed to pny half the cost of water used for sluicing during this winter, and this arrangement which lind been m operation for some weeks, had been found to work well If he complied with the request of the deputation he would have to grant a similar privilege to the miners m the Cnstlcmnine district, and that would cause a loss of revenue He therefore could not accede to the rt quest, but he would give the Bendigo miners water at half the usual price. Hie miners Btipphcd from the Coliban scheme would be aiven a month s credit for the water supplied, instead of having to pay for it ia advance as they had to do now The députa tion expressed themselves satisfied with the reply of the Minister Mails which left Melbourne per 11 M S Arcadia on the 22nd nit, and were due in London to day, reached there on the 24th mat 1 he proclamation issued by the Minister of Customs giving a month s notice ol his in tention to open Westernport for oyster dredg ing expired yesterday, and no objection having been raised be will proceed to carry out Ins intention 'Hie regulations under which operntions are to be conducted ure now being framed 1 he beds will be opened throughout the j enr except in the months of October, November, December and January, which are the spawning period No fishing will be permitted on Indnjs, Saturdays mid Sundttys, and a licence fee »ill be charted the fishermen 'Hie Customs revenue for the eleven months of the current financial j ear-that is, to May last inclusive-amounts to £1,824 608, and as it is estimated that the present month will produce not less than £180,000, the total for the >ear may be Bet down as about £2 004,508 'lins shows a decrease of about £01,000 as compared with the revenue of the previous financial jenr, but the falling off oc- curred before Janunry Ins! A return of the exports mid imports of the colony from the financial j ear 1887 8 up to date has been pre sented to the Minister It indicates a healthy increase m our exports for the cur rent financial j ear as compared willi the pre vious year Tor the eleven monthsof the pre BentyeartIiocxporiswcrovalucdat£U 863 ¿23, as ugainsc 113 308,551 for the previous penud, while tile imports were respectively til,242,321 and £13 283 814 Mr hiker is pleased to lind that while tho imports are decreasing the exports are increasing In 188«)our imports were valued at £24,402700 and our exports at £12,734,73-1 'Hie issue of what is known ns "stock permits is to be discontinued on mid after the lstprox , the Minister of Cuatomg having so decided yesterdnV on the recommendation of his oliiccrs 'J he following is the text of the memorandum on the sill jectsubmittcl to the Munster - ' Hie land Hoard in its report objecta to the present sjsttm under which under certain circumstances V ictorinn bred stock are permitted to be taken across to New South Wnles mid returned free '1 here is no doubt that tins sjsiem has been abused greatly as is evidence I bj the recent ense where Pierce was lined £2o0 (or Bmugghng, and in order to protect the revenue it is submitted that it should cense on ititi after the 1st prox No doubt there w ii lie individual rasos of hardship, os in the eue of bona fide settltrs having landon both sides of the border, but the risk and opportunities of evasion are too «rent to permit of the con tinuance of the practice without lona Origumllj stock from New Soutli Wales were permitted to cross free into V ictorin to de pasture on condition that they weretnken buck, and stock from Victoria sent across to New South Wales for the same purpose were n admitted free 'Jue sjstem huvm" been abused, the concession has for some time past been allowed in the case of \ letonuu bred stock only Mr Hart, the manager of the lester Brewing Com pan), Bnw the Minister of CnstomB )csterdny and asked on behalf of Hie company Hint the bottles in which their beer wim exported should be admitted free of duty 'J hey could get these bottles manuluctured lft b) dury at the rate ot 4s CM a gross, whertns locully tiny cost£l Is a groas The difference in these prices would more tlittn make tho export trade prout able Mr linker said several rcquista of a Bindiar character lind been made to Hie department, and that the local bottle tnnnti fucturers protested against the rt mission of the dnty on the ground that tue bottlescouM be made us chcnplj in the colonj Mr Hart denied thut the bottles used by his coinpnnj could be made us cheaplj here, «ni Mr linker promised to consider the request It nppeora that one of the Melbourne distil lenes requested some time ugo thnt bottles from Sjdnty should be admitted free nul, as the conassion was not nllowed, Bent tin 1 continues to send, its brandy in bulk to Sydncj, where it is bottled for export In 'Jhc Ai gui of yesterday the pineea on the Buburbnn lines to which rancissions have been made in the new rnilwnj ttriff were mentioned The reductions in the case of daily tickets are one hnlfpenny tn singles nnd one penny on returns an I in the ense of mouth!) tickets sixpence in Home instances and one shilling in others one shilling being tho maximum A J ro portionate rtduction will bo mude on till other periodicals where reductions ure made in the price of the monthly tickets On Snturlny Mr Thomas the otter in chnrgc of the village settlement branch of the Lunds deportment visited Nhill and ur ranged for the settlement ot 15 persons re siding in tho Nhill diBtnct on the land nt Snbabury recentlj made available under the Vii Inge Settlement Act I At noon to day e deputation will wait on Hie Premier to urge the Government to re introduce the Opium Hill of last session so aa to prohibit opium amoking Hie meeting of Universit) members m connection with the inauguration of a Um vtrait) Militar) Olhcera Instruction Com I any will be hel 1 to morrow afternoon »ir Anthon) Brownie»! will preside und Major General tulloch will submit the details of the scheme Under the auspices of the Stnte School 'louchera I iternrj boctety, Professor Morna delivered ti lecture on 'Authora Annul nients on 1 ridtty evcninc at tin M t rinnt, mens College He Bnid thnt although the highest poetry wns the outcomo of inspira lion, and that no true lotir) coull hi written without such inspiration )itrulisot art vvero neciBsary to give relintitieut and polish to n poets work 'lo comparo the drat published i dillons ol nnthora with their Inter nnd aminded copies waa often ns|lui did ICBBOII in the cinons of good tnstt Ituskm in " Stannic nu 1 1 liles had struct out the moat I luuiiful ptasnge on the kings treiuurcH 1 ennjhon neverwtnnidol amend mt ula Matthew Amol 1 altered much nnd re milly withdrtw from his east) s tinj J nssneo cnpibleof wounding tender attsceptil tltttea or contrnrj to gool Inste fJruy, writing nt the time when Hie conventional sith wi"j giving place to a mort natural out filtere I in u famous Btnn/ii in bia 1 legj tin nanua of Cato 1 lilly, nnd Cteanr to Intro luce Hump len, Millón lind Cromwell At tilia timo it vi is n during precedent to cull illuatmtit na from other Hotirct a than the chwatca I hi lerttirer thriughotit adduce 1 many t xamples to show tho ubjcot of viirloua itimndmtnw On the motion of Meaara Moore and late n vote of that ks was necorded to Proftsaor MorriB, who in replying to the remnrk thnt tim li lecture was too short, suld that lie had long "w, » lu TU i m ---.*- -] been of opinion that every pubho speaker should speak with a halter around his neck, and as soon us be had monopolised the attention of his audience for 00 minutes he should be summarily jerked off the plattorm De would commend this rule for general adoption 'Hie Secretary of State for the Colonies has written to the Premier, forwarding a copy of the convention between Great Britain nnd lloumama relating to the suppression of falso indications of origin on goods The principal clauses of the tonvcntion state - "All e,oods beuring a false indication of origin in winch ont of the contracting toun tries or Btatea or a place situated in one of them, shall be directly or indirectly indicated as being the country or place ot origin shall be Bti?cd on importation into either of the two countries 1 he seizure may also be tffectcd in the country whtre the false indication of orifcin has been applied or that into whitli the goods bealing the false indication may have bttn imported Lord Kipon points out that prov ision is made m the convention for un) British colony coining under it, und he wishes to know if the Vic tonan Government desires that the stipula UonB of tlie convention Bbould be made applicable to this colony His 1 xccllency the Governor has received 8 copy of the "Worlds Columbian Exposi tion Memorial for International Arbitration' from Mr W K Blackstone, one of the com missioners of the Chicago Exhibition, who stutts that copieB of the memorial have been sent to the -vurioua Governments ot the world "Believing it is stud, "thut this is an opportune time to educate tho people and advance popular sentiment upon the unpor taut subject of permanent peace among the nations, we venture to request that you will give it such publicity as ) ou deem test The fact that no war has cv cr arisen over one of the decisions of an arbitral court and that instead of deepening animosities and jealousies as war does, these settlements have brought the countries into much mort friendly relations ought to be a powcrlul appeal for the mm creal adoption of inter national arbitration 'Hie memorial l8 signed by a large number of representative gentlemen Hie Governor has sent it on to the Premitr for consideration Hie Victorian Kailways Musical Society gave a contort last evening nt the Vienna Cafe, Collins street lhere was a lart,e at tendance of members, and the chair was taken by the president of tho societ), Mr. K G Kent An excellent programme was pre seated Mr W Chamberlm and Mr G H Sutton received encores for their songs "Hie Miner and "Why must we say Good b>e, and Mr Will I Idtr obtained a Bimilar compliment tor his comic recitation, " Der Crnfen Mr W Chumlerlin also sang "Vanity" with good eiltet and Mr G H Sutton guvt a pleasing ren denng of ' Hie Sailors bong ' Solos were also contributed by Mr M J "Momfield, Mr W K Howor, and Mr W. D Thomson, while Mr L li Iruebndgc re cited ' Captain Morris and several part songs wtre artistically rendered by the Bottety The concert, which was a mont sue ccssiul one marked the close of the sixth year of the societ). A concert under the auspices of the Accountants and Clerks' Association of Victoria was given yesterdoy evening in the Athenoum hall, and attracted a large andiente The programme, which consisted of some l8 numbers, was of a varied character, and included BOIOS by Mr Clarence Fraser, Miss Jennie* Bateman, Miss Marian Dovan, M iss Ray Jones Miss Marsland, Mr Claude Lui!, Mr E A Ure, Mr A J Coason, and Mr Chorles Huttlc, who contributed two comic songs ltecitations were given by Mr Joseph Blaschcck and Miss May Masters Mr Louis Adelt played a bracktt of ¿ither Boll, and Mr Haigh the Hutt solo "Winter Mr J Ure ncttd as accompanist 'Hie second complimentary concert to the oili/ens of Prahran was (,i\en last night by the inn j or (Councillor Willmm Davies) in the local town hull Despite the extrtmel) unfavourable weather thtre was a lurgt audience who seemed to tlioroucjil) enjo) the hiclil) attractive programme submitted for their entertuimntnt lhose concerts, which have been arranged by Mr Davies with a view of providing re creation for the residents of Prahran during the long winter evenings, will be given at shore intervals, and in these times of depression, when people find it very difficult to spare money for the ordinary amusements available in the city, the thoufchtfulness of the mayor is keenly ap preciated The programme lost night was lengthy and varied, including contributions by Miss Freebody, Mr J 'I 'I urncr, Miss 1 lorence 1 dgcumbc, Mr llicharel Dummett, Mr Vaughan, Miss Lil) Muddocks, Mr C S Turner, Madame Pollard, Herr Kthx Petsch Miss Marie Browne, Master II H Dick, Mr Kilburn Heron.Miss Josephine Samuclls, and the dancing pupils of Miss Coulthard Hie entertainment closed with the comcJietta "A Pair of Lunatics, by Mr \V It Thirl well and Miss Dorothy Stratton Hie following programme will be performed by Mr W J Turner and Miss Isabel Webster at the Town hall next Saturday afternoon \- Toccata and fugue (Bach), eantilcne (Salome) andiintc in G (Smart) enppric cio (bemalgre) grand oflcrtoire "St Cecilt' (Orison), Solnejgs Song (Greig), "A Song of Sunshine (Goring ihomas), ' Sweetest Eyes' (Cowen), "A Double Loss "(Helmund) Annotated programmes can be obtained at Mess« W II Glen and Co s music ware house A largcl) attended meeting of Indies of Fitzroy was held in the majors room in the local town hall yesterday for the purpose of organising n funoy carnival, tho proceeds of whioh are to be devoted to liquidating the overdraft incurred by the Curlew Club m giving benefits for various charitable mstitu tlons There were about (0 ladies present Mrs It W Best occupied the chair It was resolved that tho carnival should be opened on the afternoon ot the 4th August und con tinucd afternoon and evening each day until the 11th of that month It was also decided that the stalls should I e as follow »-He freshment and fruit furniture, flinty work (throe), curios and a b ltlu lora stall " Ma Mie Itoactti continues to attract large houses ine.htlj to tho Princess s 'Ihentre, anil thtre seems little doubt that the opera will have an extended run Miss Ntlhe Stewart is setn at her best ill this Optra and the fnvonrible impression treated by Mr Brownlow on his lirst appeiiruutc is nightly endorsee' A good deal has been done «ince the opening nie,ht to peifect the per- formance and the opera now goes with de hcJitful smoothness At the Alexandra 'Hieatro a farcical musical comedy called "Ally Slopers Nidit Out will be plnttd upon the stago on Suturdu) next b) Mr Dim Barr) s companj 'Hie piece continus some novel variety busi ness and a ballet Hie nautical drama "My Jack' was re pouted at the Hitatre Itoj ni last evening before a larc,c and enthusiastic audience, who thoroughly cn jo) ed the eftorta of tho Hollo wny Dramatic Compan) 1 ho ball in aid of the funds of the Austin Hospital for Incurables w ill take place in the 'lown hall to nidit Special arrangements have been mode with the lramwoy Company tor an (\te tided service and trams will leave Swanston utrea at 11 15p m , uiidniüit, 12 15 a m , and 12 10 a m Hie 'Helping Hands performance at how takes placo in tht Recreation hall to ntyjit In Mr LOWIBS letter published )es terdu) it was statttl m error that a uniform thargo of Is would be mude lor admission 'Hie tharne will bt Js ^o hive rcccivcl tho folio vine; oliarlttiUo donn lion» -lor II u Wall ti lan Iii ot tarlton-A II LI ' nu II ti III vi IA M 1U« M li.l V 4s. M _a (VI lor the Mcteiria Li oin Miller li ieoi-LM ira. I in Cn Har I np i A Inn I i (k1 IO j|d, ' An Australian Lover ufllrltl»! Heroism 1« .-In rta¡ oi nu to t ho nácela! nppoiil ninelo in tUArjun )istcieli) nu lelialf of tho Austin Hewiiltal »olíalo rec Heil ti from u iritv , »i lave reeelieel from MM Marion Ijino C1 Is. for tho fin els of the St Vincent« Ile«) Uni »In IJIII II I eatis In her letter orootni aii)lll|f the) the |ite that si junien lu 1 ur mil soil) lloi lo I o mi minimi one >'r II Hrlitlit lion see rotary of IlioOarlion Itcliof Mci«!) desires to aden ml leo tho following mill ftrli tlaiiH - Ur J II Jilaorurliutl ¿1 1 lolemor f « Incker £1 lu I rofomor W 0 kernot LI Dr ¡*e| er U Is II limi 10,0,1 IV OI lui f» col lette 11 y Mes I uno 1 Mnrnlmll Blatten v one! Hnhnllli A 9* collided I v Mesdames Dull) an I Aruotel, Li I* OU , do Meiiduuie» Hoour and Uroliain, Al 6» ltd , da Mrs. Poole, lfis, do. Mesdames Clark and Wei llngton, IO» 3d. Wo aro roque«ted to «tate that the financial 3 ear of tho Sick Children's Hospital will close this month All contributions, silver coln«, school, and other col lections intonded for tho current year should reach tlio hospital Pelham street, Curl ton, on or before Friday, lïûth Inst, Tho vico chancellor of the Molboumo University ha* proclaimed Thursday July 12, as a University ho!Ida}, being the day fixed for holding tho annual Util vomi ty athletic oporto A. meeting ol tho Trinity College DMecllo Society \\\i\l be held this evening In the college corn mon room at ä 0 clock Tho aub]cot for debato will be "That this UOUSD Helle* es in the Existence ol Ghost« " Visitors, Jncludiii^ ladies, are Invited Mr F T Hickfordisarhcrtisodtodclhcralecturo on "Richard Cobden and tree Trade" in the Uisborno Median ¡ra' Institut« thH evening in con ncction with the local debating society Tim St. Kilda Dialectic Society »ill bold n debate to-morrow evening at tlio Town hall, St, Kilda. Subject, " That Hit trancbise Should bo Lxtcudcd to Worn on ' Tho Rev H lories'« lecture entitled "Tho Fort of Thinker Ono Would 1 ike to lit uhtohwas to have leon delivered In thcSeots Church hall on Moudav last, had to In postponed owing to tho inclemency of the weather till Monday ne\\.t À mission tojoung people, conducted bj tho Rev Ilarrv Braddock and Mr hdgar Shelley, is bcniir held throughout this week at SU Andrew's Church of I-ngland, Clifton Hill In connection with the fair in aid of the building fund of St Patrick s Cathedral, tobo opened m the Inhibition building on tho ird November, the Arch* bishop of Melbourne has allottt 1 spare for a court which is to bo devoted CXCIUHÍVIIJ to educational re qulsitei, and to the display of work from tho Cat hoi io primary mid liif,h Behool H of the archdiocese The bonth Melbourne companj of the Senior Cadet Battalion notify (hat their ranks are open for a few recru I La Candidates for admission must be of good physique and respectable character, not less than fft» oin In height Tho Adelaide company announce that thevha\o put on Mia berth special cargo steam ern to Itrishaue, Mackay, lowimUlc, and all Cfuccnaland ports Freights will he arranged to BU it hbipinciit, and the steamers will leavo every week Hie Harrier on i Thursday commences the service, and proceeds direct I to (¿uecnsluud ports Messrs J W St.,ki nnd Co uni hold au auction I sala of the working plant, land, &e; of the Metro* 1 no1 i tan Steam Ilrick Uomimny (in liquidation) at < Mitcham at half past 11,0 tit tomorrow I 