HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. NORTHERN TERRITORY ESTIMATES. (Continual from page 1O. ) Mr. R1DUOCH complimented Mr. Solomon on proving that wo had a valuable asset in tho Northern Territory, but it hud been badly manuged. From the start he had thought that it was a mistake for South Australia, with her vast territory and small population, to take charge of the Northern Territory, boinething might be done by means of a iand- graut rail way. We were losing about £60,000 or £70,000 a.year which we. could, not. afford with our. depleted treasury. Long ago he had suggested that the Territory should be taken over oy one of the other colonies and pay us for the works we iiad undertaken, but the answer he had received was to the effect that we would have to pay to have it taken off our hands. This proved to him that the Territory was not so valuable as he had thought. Mr. JOHNSON said he had liad an affection for the Northern Territory during the two years he presided over its destinies, and he rugretted that it was in its present condition. There was'a, large area which was suitable for almost anything; but they should not forget that there were considerable areas of valueless land. We did not recognise that it could not be developed under the same conditions that South Aus tralia itself had been. Supposing, owing to some unforseen circumstances, there was an influx of jKjpulation, it would mean separation, as it could not be governed from Adelaide because we had no idea of the conditions that obtained there. Mr. Caldwell deprecated the idea of throwing up the Northern Territory, but after his visit there he{Btrongly urged, his colleagues to take | steps to dispose 'of it. They were told at the I time by Sir wm. Jervois that the British Go 1 yvrnnicnt .would be willing to take it over, find | if they were still of that opinion it would be wise to place the boundary of South Australia a degree or so further north so as to include the Macdonnell Ranees and hand it over. He doubted, however, whether these ranges with their uncertain rainfall and their distance from the seaboard would be of any great advantage to us. While he was not particularly in favor of land-grant railways or of alienating large areas, they would be lunatics to stand in the way of any company that would undertake the line, as the settlement of the interior must Iw of great advantage to the whole colony. He thought tie Commission would not be of much value unless they visited the place, | and it would be wise for the House to appoint a small committee to act in conjunction with that Commission, but they should not prevent them from travelling. He was inclined, to think that they would come to the con clusion that tiie best thing would be to dispose of the Northern Territory. Mr. WOOD moved 'that the committee divide.' Negatived. Mr. McDONALD regretted that year after year the Northern Territory estimates came on at the end of the session when they could not deal with them. The only hope that tbe Treasurer had held out was that artesian water would be discovered which would restore the pastoral industry. The freezing works were doubtful and would not supplant toe live cattle trade, as recent experiments in this direction had proved very successful. He did not think that there was much in the cocoanut industry owing to the distance the Territory was from a market. He ''C**'1'1*** Messrs. Solomon and Griffiths on die able way they had brought matters affecting the Terri tory before the House. While he admitted that Mr. Solomon knew more of tbe enbject than he did he was doubtful whether a land grant railway would be successful. They should, however, do something or else abandon the Territory. Mr. GRIFFITHS said in the statements of tiie Treasurer there was an absence of any policy, and unfortunately this was the experience every year. Everyone said that something should be done, aad he agreed with them, but he - did not agree with the depreciatory tone adopted by some members. The Treasurer dealt with the introduction of colored labor and die coo steuction of the TranBoontinental call way, both of which he said had not been proved. With regard to the first, he was of the same opinion as the Treasurer, but as to tiie aneond, he thought when tiie present democratic wave had spent itself and they had a more liberal Go vernment the policy of a land-grant railway would be adopted. A. Commission was sug Treagnrer should towards the end of the recess visit tbe Northern Territory. The proposal to spend £37,000 on the Pahnaston jetty over a number of yean was of no use, as they might just as well throw the money into the sea. He thought tiie Treasurer should go to the Territory dming tiie recess as it would be beneficial to the country. With regard to tiie of truth and ignorance in them had fallen from some members. If they favnlt tiie Terxi torv up with colored labor how would they employ them? When he left tiie Territory some time ago there were Chinese starving, while others received wages of about a 1W. per diem. If they found employment for the people they had there, they could then develop tiie resources of the Territory. If tin Chinese went there in numbers -heV would be more of an evil than a blessing. j3ke tsesent cattie export service did not meet the case of the over-surplus of cattle in the Territory, and he was glad it was proposed that something ahoula be done is tiie way of establish ing freezing works. On tiie return of the Government Geologist he hoped some policyt with regard to tiie mineral resoura» would be formulated, fie hoped that the mineral resources of tiie Territory would prove to be very rich. At present they were turning out £la),000 worth ol gold per twii^ which was produced liom. sbove water level, bo that they could eee the possibilities before the mm—l in dustry. There were many amounts in re ference to railways, jetties, and harbor im provements which had to be provided out of revalue, while in South Australia they were provided out of loan. The finances of tiie Territorv were cot in such a bad state as those of South* Australia. TbeTeturasfrom the rail way in the Territory should be pooled with tiie general railway receipts of South Ansttslia. Comparing the returns of the railways in the district of Minders and in the Territory they saw the railway in the Territory paid actual working expenses, and paid fairly in comparison with other lines in the colony. He wished the Gorsrament to con sider the suggestion of sending one of the members of the Ministry to the Territory during recess. Mr. CASTtN'E said the potentialities of tiie Northern Territory were very great, but none of tho things that it was said tiie Territory could grow had been, produced to any ex tent. If the Pine Creek railway were considered as part of a future Trans continental railway, the remarks of Mr. Solomon were worthy of serious attention, but if such a railway were constructed it would have to be on the land-grant system. If a Commission were appointed to enquire into the state of the Territory some of its members certainly should go to tile Territory. The idea of Mr. Griffiths that tiie Treasurer should visit the- place was also a good one. The Government Resident's report contained avast amount of information of a valuable ph^iw^Mj but the result of nearly all the industries in tile Northern Territory had been disappointing. The operations of the pastoral industry had not beta successful, while little progress had been made in the development oi tiie «iit»»ip industry, and all through the report they found the same doleful tale of disappointment and failure. Something would have to bedone, but the Government could not suggest a way out of the difficulty. The first step that should be taken would be to secure the MacDonnelLRanges country to South Australia proper. South Australia was responsible for tiie interest on the debt of tiie Northern Territory, which was in a worse position now than it was four years ago, and therefore he honed a Com mission would be appointed to enquire into tiie condition of the place. Mr. GRAINGER said that as a. protest against the financial system adopted he would move that the Chairman report progress. Negatived. Item passed. Government Besident, £%872 15s.; Folios, £7,680 17s. 6d. Passed. Gaol, £1,401 10s. Mr. CASTINE thought the amount for keeping the Palmerston Gaol going was too large. The TREASURER eaid Be-was afraid the amount could not be reduced. Item passed. Charitable institutions, £2,468 15s.; law officers, £295; Customs and marine, £4,495 15s.; stock inspector, £35 ; Botanio Garden, £360; survey, £670 15s.; goldfields and mining, £6,297 156.; education, £245; postal, £S,90S; railways and tramways, £14,490; publio works, £3,275. Passed. Miscellaneous, ±31,140. Mr. SOLOMON did not think the item of £1,690 for comnnssion to South Australia for management of the Northern Territory shonld be charged to the Territory, and he would move to reduce the amount by £650. The TREASURER said the amount in 1SSS was fixed at £3,000, and the item as it stood hod been agreed to after oareful con sideration. He would ask Mr. Solomon not to press hisamendment. Amendment withdrawn. Mr. MoDONALD asked if it were true that tho bonus for export of cattle was being paid uu Queensland cattle sent into tiie Territory and tlien exported. The TREASURER believed there was no truth in tho suggestion. The resolution was reported, and the report agreed to. THE ESTIMATES. Mr. FOSTER moved to recommit the de partment of the Chief Secretary to reconsider the item 'agricultural statistics.' The TREASURER moved to recommit the line ' Thursday Island defences.' Carried. In committee. Census, agricultural and other statistics, £1,400. Mr. FOSTER moved— 'That the item stand at £400.' The agricultural statistics were cot collected last year, and it would be advisable to save £900 on the statistics and £100 on the salarv of a clerk. The TREAStfRER said the Government opposed the reduction before on the ground that it was a mistake to have blanks in tho collection of annual statistics. He opposed the rodnPtiyiL Mr. McPHERSON opposed the amend ment. * Mr. MoDONALD supported the amend ment. . The amendment was declared negatived, and Mr. FOSTER called for a division which resulted as follows : — Ayes, 23 — Hon. Sir Jenkin Coles, Messrs. Ash, Blacker, Brooker, Burgoyne, Butler, Castine, Gilbert, Giles, Hague, E. W. Hawk«r, HombuTg, Hourigan, Johnson, Kelly, Landsoia-, McDonald, MacLachlan, Packham, Poynton, Price, Short, and Foster (teller). Noes, 21— The Attorney-General, Commis sioner of Public WorkB, Minster of Education, Commissionerof Crown Lands, Hons. Sir John Downer, J. H. Howe, Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Coneybeer, H. E. Downer, Griffiths, Lake, McGillivray, McPherson, Moule, OLougblin, Randell, Riddoeh, Solomon, Wood, and theTreasurer (teller). Majority of 2 for the Ayes. Defence of Thursday TaiaTid, £1,100. The TREASURER moved to strike the item out. The money would not be wanted this year. The other colonies had not yet agreed to contribute to the rlpfcn^a of Port Darwin. In tetAy to Mr. Hohbcbg the TREA SURER said the amount of tiie nnn^l cable subsidy which Queensland refused to pay was £3,000. The -»lonies which contributed to the guarantee got their cables at a, lower rate. In reply to Mr. Moms tiie TREASURER said the other colonies had not communicated with South Australia as to the repayment of their share of tiie Port Darwin defences. The item was struck out, and the resolutions were reported, read, aad agreed to. APPROPRIATION BILL. This .Bill, providing for tiie following appro priations of revenue for tbe year ending June 30, 1895, was introduced in the usual form by tiie TREASURER and read a first time:— Excesses on votes, £25,883 7s. 6d-; Estimates, £1,545,143 ; excesses on votes, Northern Terri tory, £3,704 5a. 10d.; Northern Territory Estimates, £69,615 2s. 6d On tiie motion 'That the BSI be read a second time/' The TREASURER said as tiie figures originally brought down showed a snrplns of £3,067, and all tiie items of expenditure had been voted and a revenue of £5,400 'atom currante bad been , refused by Barlia ment, tiie year would have aided with a deficit of £2,000. Hon. members knew that £3,000 bad been struct off tins Esti mates; £1,000 was etzuck off the Engrneerin Chief ; £1,000 was taken off tiie contribution , ' to tiie defences of Thursday Island, and £1,000- /? was strode off tiis vote for coUecting statistics^* :~ Therefore, instead of ending with a deficit they would have a credit of £1,000. The in creased reticulation of Beetaloo would cer tainly result in increased returns from the Beetaloo district, and therefore the Govern ment might fairly pot down another £&000 from that eource. However, as '-tfaeis might be a slight falling off in. other directions the Government baa ? not reckoned on the .£2,000. Generally Bjwajrmg . on tire main items the results were qmtenp'to. - expectations, bdA tbe Government . eaw -jio - - reason to fear that they would be short at tiie end of the financial year. 'Die Castoms revenue had improved materially during the '. last fortnight, and the probability wastnati* ?. would return the mliiniilwd amormt The tor- .-. \ ritorial revenne was not coming in very wbU, - and seeing that tiie past sir months had been the slack ones when tiie farmem had w- money tiie result was not surprising. ?--.?JO* Ctamiissroiier of Crown lands *p to the end of Jane pressed as neBBreiy . :. as tiie case demanded for the payment of ? arreuB, bat he would not tighten the xene again until tiie fannerahad leaped theircrope. They had no reason to believe &atbecatH-;*he territorial revenne was behind now it would ~ be behind at tiie end of the finanajB^Bsc. of revenne would be realised, and tissSovero- . ment would economise, bo as to ?fceepe^endi- tore well within revenne. , At 6.30 p.m. the silting was suspended for one hoar. ' .. Chi i'**s iiftl Fjff, The Bill was read a second time and takes tfn-nngl. «»uiiiii»Um» wj^yMt MnomtmBnt. The report was agreed to, andtheKUread a third tame and passed. ~ ' SAT.ARV OETHEKAHiWAT O0MM3B SIQNEBS. His Excellency the Governor, by message, , requested tits Hoose of AffsnrnWy to make png ' visionoutof general revenue for the salary «? - tfo S»»i-ft AmtraiiMi Ifrflmaj firmmriHMinffra, LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ACCOMMO DATION. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS brought up the report of the com mittee on the better accomodation of the Legislative Council. iSr JOBS BOW3JER, chairman of the committee, moved its adonbon. 39s said mem? bets recollected the - circumstances under which *J**- oonu&ittee-; *was appointed. They had several conferences with tire com- . mittee of the Legislative Council, and they had no timirttirtn in saying that if . ' that committee accurately represented tbe views: -rf the.CotmeS jtitey ??woe- exceedingly resolved to baveihe iibcary as their chamber. They were, however, prepared to meet the House as towhere the library, should be. He would quote the followiag from ihe report: — 'Your committee is of opinion that the legis lative Council Chamber has not sufficient yvHwnyiwM-*la*»p tra- jhftf*Mwrai»gg of tile COUH tS, aad that the ventilation is defective.' They were all agreed anon that print, as at present +**01 members, ot the Council were inconveniently pawed. The report wentcn: — 'Your committee h satisfied that Ihe r^jAqK. «iMMnn«l «nv»»»«twi™ could be provided by moving the repartees* gallery back 6 ft and removing the wall on which that gallery rests. XXX The Superintendent of Public Buildings reports that this could be done at an expense of about £100, and that good and sufficient ventilation could be procured at a further cost of £100." It was only fair to add that that did not include the cost of lighting the chamber with electricity, which Sir Charles Todd estimated at £700. It seemed to thsoammittee.tiiatif the Council had been prepared to accept im provements to their present rimmbfr £200 would have provided them with, it, and the committee eairj :— 'Tour committee pressed this opinion upon the committee of the Council, but wiUvout success, the committee of tbe Council insisting that the members of the Legislative Council were unanimous in reqtrir ing the meetings of the Council to beheld in the chamber now used as the Parliamentary library. The «'™*fa« of the legislative Council expressed its wiDmgneas thai the library should be placed either in ihe present Council «*-i«nriar or in the smoking-room ok the upper floor of this House as Sub House might decide, and farther stated that each committee was satisfied **»»* the total cost of the alterations would not exceed £580.' The members of -the Legislative Council ex pressed that opinion -very . positively, and when the committee »qftwl them whether any agreement to give them the library should be on condition that it did not fgrff*1' that cost, he understood that they did not Hipcmt The report, therefore, wound up as follows:— 'Your committee while regretting that the committee of the Council would not accept their suggestion, and whilst still urging the sufficiency of the accommodation that would be thereby provided, nevertheless sug gests to the House theexpediency of acceding to the desire of the Council, conditional that on tenders being invited; it is found that the total expenditure would not exceed £500. Your pnmmiw-^o mhmit fV-r «*w «1«eiaionof ttfirTnnm where tiie library shall be placed.1* As to where the library should be the committee oSered no opinion, as the House wets as competent to' decide as the committee. He stin thought that the Legislative Council were Tniwtwrwi in the course that they had adopted, and when they had the old Assembly they would once more hear the complaints which many members made when the Assembly occu pied it. He thought it would not have been unreasonable to have invited the Council under present oiitnunBtances not to insist on any greatexpenseor any important change. They might have also considered the perfect adapt ability of the old Assembly Chamber for its present purnoae, but it was only fair to men tion the point that they -urged with great force, that tiie fact of jJ«^i'c them in tiie library would bring them in closer contact with tiie Assembly and bring about friendly intercourse between the two. They had also to remember that as an independent chamber they were entitled to as much con sideration as themselves on the subject of their personal convenience. The ATTORNEY45ENERAL said the Government had always been desiroue of meeting Hie convenience of the .Legislative Council and were prepared to place the old Assembly Chamber at their disposal. They hoped to see verified the opinion expressed by ' the committee that the opportunities of Qto two chambers meeting more frequently would be accompanied by the best results in bringing them into closer harmony. Mr. BURGOYNE regretted the decision which had been arrived at, but it was a fore gone conclusion. It was a pity that the Council had not acoepted the alternative pro posal to enlarge their present chamber, but while believing that they were wrong in then conclusion be would go with the evident desire of the majority of the Councu. Mr. CASTI&& was sorry that no decision had been arrived at with regard to the where abonts of the library. He thought tho library should be in the present dining-Tcom, and the dining-room upstairs. He would, however, support the renort of the committee. Mr McPHERSON, while thanking the committee for the trouble they had taken, regretted tiie report they had had to bring up. The last paragraph put tiie matter very 'dis tinctly, and the Council had either to get then way or there would be a row. The rooms proposed for the library were unsuitable. The present Council Chamber was too far distant from the House, and, apart from that, it was badly lighted, whilo the other rooms were too small ' for the number of bocks. He did not want the booka ?stowed away, and despite the report at tha- fenperintendentof Public »«MingB 1» J' ?faatanBof the smaller «-min«eB*o«M. He cbjeoted to the last pM«n^.»to w little of die spirit of conciliation in ? ^^-M^kid tte report ^,0'** Hie motion before members. He did not X^^8«* the ''^V^M^Tt thTraviouff oocason, although J~??P!L5 ?wouffhave bam better if ?» 'W jot nsed dm. He was sorry that hM words had been. ^^Bonerioodybymembera ™.g*J*£** tinCaanaCe^xnOf bjaae with whom he TOin^hVhaSttfbSJding sweety comramuon. to* report went a lory way to am that there V»Tmiidi troth in what he had said. HTbelieTOi the ventilation of the Council number was defective, and the root should be loWoed s- that better ventilation could be provided. He regretted, conaderhie thestate of the country, that the committee thought it adraaUe to press for the expenditure of the S^^Mr.^IcPherBoa had emphasised the fcadrasabflityof taJrinsfthe library to the old chamber. It was (suggested that the smoking room and the corridor on the east side of the Comal Chamber and the reporters' rooms should be utilised as a library, bat the whole matter coold be left in the hands of the Library and House Committee. Mr. COCK eaid it would be impossible to kavo tils library placed ao conveniently as at present. He entered his protest ap»st*« proposed change, as the matte- o™*1. Y?' Btandover forthe present, and he hoped better Mr. CONElBEEB wouHsappart the adoption,of the report. He thought mat some consideration should be given to the. question of fcdnartfae library in the present dming-room, whflethe large smoking-wom upstairs couW be used as a dming-room- He hsd,noticea whattbe memberac* the Counca had had to Stop with in the close atmosphere m the CoraSiof late, and they deserved some con Mr. SHORT said that taking everything into consideration the wants of the Council wooH have been met by making the large smoling-roqm the Council Chamber. The TKOseot proposal would *»y»***l considerable ez jjense. BeW had it tram practical men that Sbecost .of -fitting np the library as a Council . Chamber aad converting the smoking- room into a Gbrary would be quite £1,000. They were entering into an alteration that would ,fiost £1,000, aad even with that expenditure the members of the Council would not be so well served as they would be if they moved into the large room npstairA They would then be oocupyinir the upper chamber in the buudingr 'and therefore they would be in their proper plane. The report was agreed to and ordered to be communicated by message to the Legislative Council. THE PASTORAL BILL. The Pastoral Bill was received by message trom the LezislativB Council with amendments to which fee concurrence of the House of Assembly was asked. To be taken into con sideration on the following day. RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS AMEND MENT BILL. Mr. BATCHELOR in resuming the debate eaid the Government were anxious to get the Bill through both Houses and he would not therefore take up eo much time as he would if they bad more tune at their disposal. When he asked leave to continue his remarks he was pointing out some of the reasons that were urged far the appointment of the Railway ComnuBsioneTs. Th^reasoDsfortheappointinait of the Commisskmers was chiefly because Vic toria bad adopted that system, and also because there had been a good deal of friction between Messrs. Thow, Patterson, sod Pendfe ton, ^fiw of department of equal fftrnd»T*p, whose duties to some extent ocoaKJnnaliy clashed and overlapped. It was consxdered inadvisable in cases of friction to leave the control of the heads of department in the |^jm!» of Uie fV»ww-tBidfgiwr of Public Works, because of tin frequentchanges in tiie personnel of Ministries. Another reason given was that Hwaa advisable to remove the railways, which were the West State undertaking, from Y*ynir-*i mflm«n». As far as copying the other 'J'i''« was concerned they would be cupjim; them if they were to do away with the Railway Commissioneis altogether, as Kew Zealand had adopted that system. The Bill f»y- r+t*i*rA flm object of controlling the officers, because * the Railway Comnus sonos bad prevented any public dis puting between heads of department, bat -^m- Railway iTftmwiw»J-MM^H had not always been a particularly happy family, aad it was found necessary to alter the Railway l^iyiiiiiiMnii-m Act in order that the Conunis ooner of Public Works should be able to inter man aad his two colleagues. He did not think they bad gained verr ranch in preventing fric {£an between hpnda of department ana the mfmhem of the Bail way CommiaBimnTB' Board. yfaft proposal to afflHHiit one Commissioner would* do away with die pnmrrility of friction, and on that ante the system of having one cistern. If they had the complete control of the nabrays in the hands of a 'M™^fa»iJ re yM* to Badiazaent, it wodd be an im provement on the system proposed in tin Bill, especially if a system of elective Ministries ^my*i1) jl ijiini If a 2£ini££er nmj elected by the Hoose lie probabilities were tiiat he would ho}d office long enough to fairly acquaint him self with the A*«n« of the adrmnistration, while the cailirajs would be managed better and with less expense than by a board ^fftMrtj^f of one ^fMT'r'ffjafififr. Though the . p'*y«t Ministry had held office for a longer time than was usual they aener knew what might happen, and they might set back \4o the old system of having a fresh Ministry every year, though he hoped it mold be a long time before they bad «a- thins of the Irind. The Railway Commis Aoofls 'VQE& -xtppoiiit'flQ to prevent potuscsl jnKntmrK being used in the Bailway Depart meai. He on sot know what particular kind of political influence was considered objec xxflnablc. If the Railway CommissionecB ruu to be alwolutriy without control by Parliamwit it would mean that the railways would be farmed out to a railway board, and all Parlia ment would have to do would be to receive Money, or pay it out when tile Commissioners tsade a dental. No one believed that it was possible to run any State concern absolutely nee from p'**'—! *i-Gt,fM-1 nor would it be Cjifli«»i*M«aj as questions of */^iit'|^JFtr^itir?'P fre qnendy became questions of policy. The qaestaon of the maxmram hours of labor was tmdoubtedly a political one, in which Parliament li*^ the right to interfere. Such questions as railway T**fr--% differential rates, ? the engagement and ^famf***'^ of Only tie other night the Hooae unanimonsly determined to interfere with regard to the dis missal of cartain men oonvjetedby the depart mentoffraud. He was at a loss to know what pyjrf^orf**. irmA of political mfluenoe was objectionable. Innuenoe bad been brought to bear equally as much to get men situations on tiie railways sinae tiie appointment of the Rail way Gartnusaoners as before they took office ; so that no advantage had been gamed on that score. He echoed the wish of every member when he said tint it would be a good thing if members of Pariiamwit had no power to assist in any way in placing any individual in the employ of the State. State railways existed for the convenience of the public, so that con ComioPB that I''? '^««^''^»-l^« '» pm^'ra'lardiTTiR tions to ^''?J'^ men to 8tayon,Uieir land would nerer be granted by RaOway CommisrionpTB ? who ran the railways on purely commercial lines. He would like to know who had been die jwinriftiJ einners with regard to political in Zkmpj Erery time *ny city member raised his voice he awsys' used, according to some, tbe fjt^-HnfuHft kind of political influence, bat wben men asked for concessions in the country they were considered to be using the proper kiad of influence. The city members oould not fairly be accused of being the greatest sinneiB «n bringing political ;'fll'*''* 'to bear on ihe msoagement of the raQways. whuHHT the Railway Commissioners had been a success or not was a matter of opinion, but H wag difficult to gauge their success by the amount of revenue received before and since they took office. 'Many dungs had intervened to prevent a fair oompaasOB. The profits from the discovery of sflrer ooqM not De put down to the manage ment of tbe Railway Commissioners, nor could they charge them with the disas trous results of the strike. In com paring - -working expenses before and after the appointanent there was the same 'dnfecence. Such immense reductions had been i Blade in the costs of material that much of ibe decrease of working expenses most be allowed for on \that ground. Certainly the Railway Commissioners were fortumte jn the s3ver boom causing an advance feuaihray receipts when they took office. He saat admit that- since they held office there bad been nuich less fraud in the railways and by the travelling public on the railways than before. A better system of supervising tickets had been introduced, and other reforms had increased the revenue. As to increasing teaffic ,uy gran^ng concessions to traders, he *ad nothad a good opportumty of judging of the actions of the Railway Comaussuners, but he believed if they had done anything in that direction they had taught the department a I**'*'', and it would be wise to continue the employment of the ieacbera As to working expenses much of the decrease, besides the chenpming of material, wag doe to the general cutting down of- wages. In their report they eaid that compared withiheother colonies the men here receive fair rates. As a matter of fact the EaBway Department of South tnH' paid considerably less wages than those Si Htm South Wake and Victoria, j&tnce; the Railway Comnnasioners were Sffir'S»-yd wages in the loco, shops Sure gradually come down— the wages of jaacfaaafcB. Where men who were just out of their time used to get 9s., they got now Sa. JlaiM ||a entered the service the wages of Eaechanics in the ehops had dropped to Certain]? -sot more than Sl «d. or8s. fid. In ^^hc^oljaborgrirtfiere wieawt- yejyuinch difference. Another thing they had done was to increase largely the comber of officials. A onmber of new offices bad been created. He would not argue as to their necessity, but would merrly state the fact. With very few exceptions the same number of officers existed to-day in spite of the falling off of t»reywcs As to the alterations brought about in the inner working of tbe railways they had brought in more red tape and or cnmlocution than under the old system. There were more buffers between the men and tee heads of departments. It was more difficult to get any suggestion listened to at head quarters now. The theory was that all the brains were among the officials, and although he did not approve of men rung allowed to interfere or alter dwignw, still it was not a good plan to impress on the minds of the railway servants that they were not expected to have- any brains but were to be mere machines. He knew positively that when an improvement ne suggested to a fore man the reply was, 'Do as you are told.' Increasing the number of boffcrs was easier for these who run the railways ; it saved theortbe trouble of redressing grievances. If, say, a. cleaner felt he was under a disability he was told to write out his complaint, and it was forwarded through thefoceman. in muet caaes if the foreman thought there was not much in the trouble he would endorse this on the com plaint. The next foreman and the n«*st would thin it down (still more, and when it reached the head of the department the man's grievance had not the ghost of a chance of being heard. Another objection he had was to tbe s ystem of caste which had grown up — tbe system of grading employment. There was too much of classification with different privileges. Any difference in tbe skill of the meu should be in wages and not in holidays and «??!».&»*. It was absurd that an employe of the department who was an artisan or a working foreman, receiv ing in the latter case perhaps £180 to £300 a year, if he got a privileged ticket at & reduced rate should be bound to ride second-class. A clerk getting perhaps only £30 or £S0, and perhaps acting under the other, was entitled to a nrst-class pass. The clerk's vanity was encouraged by a tirst-class pass, while they had not sufficient wages on which to dress properly. It would be better if first-class passes were confined solely to officials, if there must be distinctions, but he failed to see why a railway man, willing to pay for a first-clsss ticket at reduced rates, should not be allowed to do so. Then laborers received four days' holiday, mechanics eight days, certain officials twelve, and others sixteen davs. This system of grading was distinctly bad. To make a distinction between a blacksmith and his mate was bad in the interests of the service. It was absurd for a mechanic assisted by a laborer to have eight days holiday while his laborer had four. The object seemed to him to be to prevent any cohesion between the different classes, the theory being that the artisan will keep down the laborer, the clerk will hold his head in the air but bow down before any higher official obsequiously. These arrangements might not be important, but they caused dissatisfaction in a large body of men. The greatest failure of the system under the Hallway Commissioners -cas the trouble that the Commissioners are always so desperately anxious to preserve die control of the administration that they frequently trespass on questions of policy. If the Commissioners nad been wise they would have left the eight hours system entirely to Parlia ment. Instead they tried to fight the system by an exaggerated estimate of the expense, and this pot them in a, hole, out of which tkey had never been able to climb. The Chairman of Commissioners was especially desirous to op pose the eight hours system. The estimates prepared were transparently absurd, and they tried to justify them by placing too many men in the service. There never was at the best of times work for all tbe men on the broad gauge in die locomotive running department. The consequence was that the men were continually on short time. He had an estimate prepared by men in the running-sheds who bad good opportunities of finding out the cost of the eight hours system. The paper, which had been most carefully prepared, was as follows : — 'Summary of information concerning the probable extra cost of extending the eight hours system to the enginemen, firemen, and cleaners employed on the South Australian railways: — Mount Gambia- and Beachport, Mount Gambier and Naracoorte, Kingston and Bordertown lines — Men now work ing more than 48 hours weekly, 17; the timetable could be so arranged as to do the mileage, and shed duty in very little if any over 48 hours per week. Port Adelaide line — Passenger (Adelaide end), men now working 8, extra men required under the 8 hours system % estimated cost per annum £304 14s., one set of men extra required. Port Adelaide line — Goods (Adelaide end) and Adelaide — Shunting, men now working 14, extra men re quired i, estimated cost £009 8s., tv.o sets of men would be required between these two lines, according to time now worked. Ade laide-rOhargejneD, men now working.?, extra meu required 1, tstimated cwt £124 It*. Adelaide — Wa*bta» out, packera, clraners, mtn now working 30. th* time can b? arrangec Loop-line, Port Adelaide aad Dry Creek— i *eu ao»- working 4, the time can be arranged. Murrav llrdge, Srrvic«.-t-in, and Ade^ud^g^lra now working 27. ??xtra mm required 3, estimated oust £356 lfis. l'ort AdV lude express aad suburban — Men now work ing 4, extra men required 2. estimated cost i3W 14«., to relieve. Port Adelaide— Shunt- ing, men now working 6. extra men required 2, estimated cost £30* 14s., tu rrt»-v«. Larps liay and Port— Passenger (Port end), men now working S. «?xtra men required i estimated cost £&M; 14'., to rtiirve. Milaiig and Port Victor Men now working 4, rxtra tnvn rwjuirnd 2, estimated cost £5&4 14&. Snowbiwn awl Blyth — M«i uow working 2, extra mm required I ; therp it t-peuial work tti f«i- deme hen*, and J/r making it a three-man job the vox. would not be much extra to that now paid. AWgaU- — Men now working 4-, extra men rcquir'! 2. estimated coat i301 lis. StrathaJliyu-^jwjuV and paweii^i.Ts. nvm now working 4. ritra uu-n required 2, csti-nated aunt £*H Uf. Stratii albrn and Murray Bridge— Paswnjrwr, iu«i now working 6, --iUmat--d oust £13 ; tix hours. weekly overtiun- would haw to be worknl. Petersburg — lien now working i.. extra nw-ii ?required 4, estimated cost £.V-3 I2s-, 1 drivvr. 1 firenwn, and 2 pack--rs. Port Pin*1 — Ks.tr» nw-n required i, estimated coat £444 12& This in duces mam line and -.minting, and in this ow allowance has been made for overtime uon jiaid for in rstiinating cost. -^uom — Extra men required 1, estimated cuet £135 to watb out and pack. Islington — Men now working 42, extra men required 2, tttimated cost £Ai-J to Tvat-h out and {tack. Total extra men re quired 34, total extra cost ptrr annum £4,b3O 2s. Kote — It Uao bi-en found iuipostible to gather information a£ to ttic total ourtintt now paid fur by the dejartment, except in one or two plices. It mu^t, hoWL-vcr, be oou idderabkv and as the above jjroposali do away with overtitue, as the item of oiertimc uow paid would have to be deducted from tliu above estimate of extra cost, which would «~*nae queutly be considtTably reduced. Every care has been taken to get compli'te information, and each of the above 'remarks' can be readily proved.' The Railway Goininiii-ioners estimated the extra cost at over £20,000 — a trumeudou* dif ference. In the broad gauge running sheds there was not enough work fur the men put oa during tbe height of our prosperity ; many wpre ' putting in time.' The Bailway Com missioners should have abolished shtd duty as much as possible; instead of tiiat they in creased it. The system of running between Port Pirie and Petersburg was a glaring case of mismanagement, entailing a loss of f**vi*ral hundreds yearly. An alteration was made, but not thit which he (Mr. Batchelur) suggested, and the present system was nearly as expensive as the old one. Another instance of improperly estimating the requirements of the railways was the large order gives by tlie Commissioners for loco motives. An attemi-t was made to throw the whole blame on to Parlianumt, but the Com missioaers were the proper Authorities to make an estimate of the requirements of the service. The Commissioners, like everyone else, apiieared to havr- been in a state of )-eom, but that znade their mistake no less excusable. The Commissioners' department co.st £17,000, and the Commissioners themselves £4,500, and they were not paid to bring down inflated but reasonable-estimates. Their estimate in this case was unwarranted by the circumstances of the case. He had a report signed by Mr. T. Roberts, which proved that the CommU^ioners and their officials made the extravagant esti mate and not Parliament. The report siid : — ' After consultation with the General Traffic Manager, and discussion with the various officers of my own staff, I beg to recommend that tenders lie called in the colony for the following locomotive engines to cover probable replacements and additional power required during the next five years on existing lines : — Eighteen class U engines, 5 ft. 3 in. gauge ; 12 ol jss Q engir.es, with C ft. t- in. drivers, o ft. 3 in. gauge : 10 class P engines, a ft. 3 in. gauge ; 40 class Y engines, 3 ft. 6 in. gauge ; 8 passenger engines, 3 ft. ti in.; 4 class V engines, 3 ft. ti in gauge. The class R are very powerful engines, suitable for the heavy gradients on the Hills Imp and the goods traffic on the North line. The class Q engines, with 0 ft. 6 in. driving wheels, are more suitable than the engines at present workingthe Melbourne express between tierviceton and Murray Bridge and the pas senger traffic between Adelaide and Terowie, as the speeds now run are calculated to cause excessive wear-and-tear owing to the high piston speed of engines with only 5-ft. driving wheels when running 50 miles an hour and upwards. I anticipate having to condemn a number of our old engines during the next five years as the boilers wear out, seeing that they are altogether too light and un equal to the growing traffic on our railways.' ThatwaBla good argument for getting new boilers and cot engin-s, l-*ca,u!K they »Iil-uM not discard an engni*. oa account of irs Knl**? having worn ?«'- Mr. Rob»Tt» f urthi-r saiil : -- *' The class 1* -.il£ll.i— . an- the standard ii'i tank daiA now at work on th-- AJi- niii*- and Sutnai-htKv lm'% A numl»-r of tb-- old .T-gir.'?. on th-.*si* Miburiian rai!«ravs «i!l b-- »uni -»ut during tlu.- next tiv-. yuan, i-n-l it is highly »i«»TWar-- tn indvidf f i d- n-|-l»oi'iuftit.' Trier-' wsa no doubl Uuit they -ii-i pr..'iid« fLT n plaoinrl.t a- then- tia u\\- niom to ►tore them at Adelaide nttd Port Acle laid--. TL-- n-port w. lit ..u : — 'Ttie (Jaw Y an* thf isttmianl w\ whcvlt oJBplf'd c^x»ii- tiit-in'* working thi- h'a»y U&mc; l-ntwo u Port I'irip au-i Uruk.n H:i:. Moo»r». .1. Mnxt;n i Co. liav« d«hvtT.-i mo iiut -jf t!i-^ 3.') th'*} liav«. a ointra«:t f-jr at pn«t*nt. l'ut if the liarrier tr»ibc mfT'*A-'-!* dunng the n»xt few yc«r- a-« i: haj- -iimi. fi«r Iud1 tim» (wnt I fivl quito sun* «-? «lull, m tXMiucctHjn with th-. uu-n^»ing Ii«- --liv 1; triffiir on tb-- northfru liw-, nijuin; a'1 t)i-i -?- &-l-ii- ti'Jtal cayiafs nefc-^1 (--r. Khi«iM ho»,-v.T tl«k expuL-t tatioti not Ik- r'-a!;v«l. so !»!-:? tinfuiditiotul nuinU-r \vu:]| not Ik- in--.-v.srv.' Hi- «ould ni-1 tli« Ibilway C-ir.auv,i.. !!.-!-? renrirt -m til' Kaniv tiubjn.-t. »ni th*-y bii-l - 'We liav«. bw-!i i.i ojauinnicatjiin with Mtwsrx. JLirtiii t O.. aa to tin- mpply of horn-* additional los.v-io-it!ve- to di»l with' tlm Iraffic whi.Ji wi' antii-t|ute will If \\.rj- h. .ny in January, Frlmjan1, and Man-h nrxt. l.'nd.T tiiejr --oi-trar-t ilt^-n-. Martin & -'?-. have fxlflit'er eii^ian-u- und'-r : — lH'.d-, s.-v,-ii; 1S9I, nine ; lK»i iiin.- : IKK, uiiu- ; 1«»|. nm.- ; lSai, nine ; totji!, ji L'ji to tin- im^nl date four '?nfiuttt iixvo l-ro d^iivi-r«i. Wti ati:-*d MfMhrs. Martin 4 Cn. to quo*.'. prii»»i fur thr d'-livtT}- of tvu briMtl -Raui;'1 -t»ginew and i-ipht nanuw^aufri- t-uginm, mA the iiarlii^.t jkti'ikI at whii!i. if llie Gov.ni ment trave an ia;mttii;n.. order, tin-y c^iul-l luideruki- the dt- li%er}- ? ftVlmv very can-fully «-rihidt-r-*d wliai an- liki-ly t'» l» ?jur n-quirem«-:i*js for th«- neit rii-- ---,irA, and, taking all cin.-umatawt* into -MuV.Miera.ti-.ci. h-jch a-s the incn-aai- of trattic-, tin- --'Miiii|fuf new lines, and the- |)!-olulil-' r--;if-U'rui-'Ut, we haw- come t-- the ojncluninn tliut our minimum requirwnenlK for that I-eriod will l-e 40 broad- gau^.' i-ngiui^ and 52 nannw-pauge, or tt! in all.' That was in additiun to the 4-S of the f.i' i-ngines of tlie previous contract whuli had not lweu delivered— a mutt extra vagaut onl.-r. Fourtoeii onginea liad also iu-t arrivi*d from Co. It very nearly doul-ed the rugi-ius on England from Messrs. IJiv.t, P«-acuck, and the railwayb, and that provi-d that theOiu miesiocers had at the timo beooini' very banguine as to th-- incrtase of tragic on the lines, lie wats pretty w-rtain that at no time in their experience liad »he Conimis.-ion.-rs known of any country which had doubled its locomotive requirements in nveyear-. A good many other intitaaces of deplorable malad ministration oould also Ix? shown, which would prove that the appointment of the Raihvay Commissioners liad not bi-en so suuer-stful as uomo people would uiakt- out.- The Commis sioners refused to meet the men with a view of arranging a. minimum num ber of hours of work per week. A conference was afterwards arranged, tmt it was only after a, lot, of hard things had been said on both tides. The scare got up by wnw ofiicere with regard to the probability of the railway employes joining the Uroki-n Hill strikers was altogether unwarranted, and the Commissioners hhould have dealt in a pro]-er manner with the officials who raised it. We did not want three mr.u to manage our railways as one could do it. As to the question of salary they were told that a fixed salary meant nearly double as much as it did a few years ago on account of the requirements of life baling been reduced by at least 33 per cent. He thought £1,200 was enough to give any man to control the heads of de partments, who were the Traffic Manager, the Locomotive Engineer, and the Engineer' in-Chief, who would act as a ljoard of advice. When there was any danger of friction arising it was well to liave oue head man in control, and he would therefore, support the Bill. Mr. SCHERKdid not blame Mr. Batchelcr for laving pone no fully into the question, as he had been in the service, and was qualified to speak. It \v;i_s in 1887 that the present Act for the appoint ment of three Commissioners was passed, and he admitted that it was chiefly adopted through similar legislation liaving Iwen adojiu-d in die other colonies. Their term of office- would expire within the next sis months, and in accordance with their promii»; the Government had introduced the Bill to reduce the number of Commissioners to one. He believed in the principle of having a board of advice, but the most important part of the Bill was not only the appointment of one Commissioner but the salary proposed to be given him. The Government suggested £1,200, and he ljelipvcd an amendment wculd bo moved to make it £1,003. He v,-as prepared to support the latter amount, because at the present time we had three commissioners at £4,500 a year, and if fihey could find a good man at £1,500 they. would fia»« £*V-n a war. H«' brlh-wd th-- Mjpf niui m -»!' ii»- dej-artmenl rv-i:5.1 U- just ?*.-, uel! --arr;--d out by tmr n* by tlir-»-. \ ?-ar- »^i- it »» th« Jury «f tin- Comniii-. j j-i'intTiil l'ul-li-- Work'. l-- f'ios.1. and il h- luu- I to »».i-t tin- C-iisniLs-iou.T 'ti itailwaVH t--- I K-'tlu- rvith th--b.iard .rf a.lvir»- it w..uUl ti» i Hill j»-rt'irm.-d. H' Mi|-i«-rt. --1 t!i- im-r--3- %1 -a.'ary Uia:iK- if tli-»y v .in 1.^1 t-- sn-un- tin xem.-*-* -4 -i nr^t-rlaA.-' m.ui tin1;- murt \»- pre jiarxl V- jov l:tm «-U. In'tli- pa-'-t w»- Lid l-»-t «»,?? ..f .«ir l.«t .-n.'-r- U ? aiw w 'Mild »??- alforl (?? |nr j (?ufficif-ntiy hi^ h Kilaritv. W.- bail ns.-n twU ah tlj'.. C --uimi»ioiuT --f Taxos. who now i HL-uiasviI fi«ir -lr^artint^ito with thv preat--«t t-rli'-i.nry, for whi--h »'? liwl pr. vimuJy t.- pay j jtiur otfio- rs, himI th-- O-:nnii'v«ion'-rs-1f Audit, of wlmm «v had had txprn-ncf in o-nn«.-tii«i ! u-itli tin- tlnaiH-f oBumittt*' of tb- S.-h,«.l of Mim^s. S'jdi o!tiix-r-. d'-M-rv--d wrry p-nny tiwy n»»ivod. Another iini«irLnnt ikiint was i!iat t!h-y -lu.ulil [ilao- th.- full.^t or.ridt-nr.- in t!i-- (iuvormikiit .t.' to whom Un-y would »??- | -? .Kit, and th- IIou-v bliould not dictate to them in tin matter. llr. Ul'H«;OVNK l»-li»«^ th-re *-» no inniUi'Ui t' diitati- to thr liuwmnn-iii a« t' u-ii'-nlu-uM i^ai-piintt-tl, l«it at tiit- iguut- tiun- it ??mw within tl.f iin»iii»M-f uu1mu--rH Ui.it if tniy bud ur na-«m-i n\ to any |tani-:uUr apI«HutnifUt, tit'v sliould udxiw tin- »j.-v. m- :nt-nt, tw thi-y would in aJiv olhn- uiatt--r of uiuimi^rutio:i. lio u.iuv.il wi\\. {lit 'lt' 1 Hit- deUiU ? if th-- miun^v ini-nt of tin' ruil «?«- a* Mr. Uat-JiJ..r hail. A-» tint member hid a i-|-t;i»l k^lwludgu uviuuei- xhould ]-ay attKjiliuu In wSat lie hxl **.u\\. \\\ ;th re^ar-1 to thi- o|-|»iutuicut nf liw (VnnnuHsirtm-n- in 1HN, liowexer, he would poiut out that il wa» ? Imii! l»x-aa--- uu-airtcre Jo-id i--l that tin1 rail ways fhoiilil nolttnsiT !??? »ubjt^-t«il tn p.'litii-al omtmL )-y which it w«* «ud iliey liad Iw-n intlueumi. Hi- acaroely tln.ugiit tliat there »?» anything in tbe t.tatem.-nl thit the liuim w« rv ru:i for the milvanta^i uf crrtuiu jx-rbons. Thi- neit wr-nit thing to there being a cnrvuu« j ?il tiial kind «as to halo u:-y citurpf ut\ political inttueiica nutde. That charge u-.mld refer more particularly to Ui. eonstrurtinu of nuw lun-s or the prjjitm^ of i-i-i-«.-ijl concc^sionn on t.]h-ciaj liii»-!-. Questions of patronaff.' won- reft-mxl to, and it ww »aiil that under the pn-sent system members h&d; innui-nivd the Couim^ siwih-rn in making appuiiituu-nt-t, bit wlutt »ii lioni' iia4 to l*- ilcitii- in njx-n duyligiit, l»--aiu5f the apjilnuiti.ms for iKmitioiLi came lteforo the 1 Lull way Coini)iissioni-r» and Were ?uad-- publii-. There might luiv-- bo-n 6ome ju^tilication xt one timi- Inr th« suspicion of the publiu aa to the real btate uf things. The Cmimisbioner uf Public Works might know little or nothing altout railway nuitu-rn, and it was advUablu to have a. man in ctiarge uf thn raihsaja who uudHrstood bis work, and the offii-t- of the Commist-iniu-r of Itailways boing continuous be v.a^ jiUtved in a U-tter jKisiticin than the C.mimissiimor of Public Works could possibly be. Kverv- member had a pt-rhtct right to x^k fur coucrs.sii.iiis from tlu-- Kailway Commis sioners that lib bulicved to be' beneficial to the country. The increase of uiri-x-rs and nicn and in thw number t-S iueomot'ma had been referred to. That change liid been the result of the Urokcn HiU Uioiu. lUtlier th&n; that tiieir cumpanious shouUl 1» dis charged most of the railway men had agreed to work on half-time, and that was nut to be charged against the Raihvay Commissioners, becau.-e the pros;-ects at tho time justified the increase that had taken place. Under the old system, as under the new, while they bad self-buffioioiit officers they would have the men looked on too much like muchinue. He congratulati-d the Government on taking ihe course he advocated in 1&J7.; He advocated then the ap;xjintment of one Railway Commissioner, with a committee com posed of the heads of the departments. He wanted to refer to a matter of common report which liad a licaring tin thn question. It had heen commcinly reported tluit the leader of the House having once bad a difference with the Chairman of the Railway Commissiimeni had not forgiven him, and that was tin- reason that a salary had been fixed in the. Bill that the chairman could not be oxpected to acce.pt. The Attornev4jeneral should lmvo an oppor tunity given !iim to explain or deny the matter. He had always felt an interest in the working of tin; railways, and had found tho Commissioners worthy men anxious to work the railways in the lxst manner possible for the good of the country. When be had asked for conci-i^ioas which he had thought reason able the Commissioners had looked at the matter from a broader standpoint, and he generally saw on reflection that they were right. Tile controlling mind in the railways was the chair man uf the Railway Board, and if his advice in connection with the Broken Hill trade had been taken a large saving would have been made. The w:.=e3t course the Government could adept would be to rcappoint the chair man, even if they had to nay him a higher salary than they would other people, as a thoroughly qualified person ehoula bo ap ???int'-d. It *n a.* a mistake u- hi the salary ?jX t!.'J-*l. a« the nalarr tJ:--uid depend on tin- .-s jk-ntiKv and qualifications of the suc -.-^fuI a-iji-i'Tknt, ai«l he iutendad in oim iniii'--. to p.ii^v.- th« th- salary should ni»t be Tiio!. l,u: ll.at the anumnt t-!iould not exwd fi..rJ«). t hip man mieht bv chcapr at £1,5-M t fian aii..tli.-j- at £jt*J. Hi* horx-ti tlie Al t' im'-y.t«'a»ral would giw an a^uranrr that :i the iK-^jit Coaimihsiiwer »ppU«l th»t hu wi-iiM iuve a fiir r!:aiK'«* witinrtit pppjuilicfi. and ao h' iijTrivd with th' main provisions of t!i- Hill h»* would pu:rt»ort the bitxirid n'iduisr. Thr ATTORNKY-OENERAL faiJ as a n:k- hi- i!id nut take any notio- of rumor or idle f-twMji. Hi- agr-«) with th-- sugp-stion t lia*. pin- rally common rumor was found to b* a c^niniMn liar, but the mjue^t fntm a friend lik*- Mr. l-uiy--yri'w»s«juivalent alnitwt to a ?????siiMUvi. niiil' in .the kind U-nus that it was. He kn-w of nothing that he had to -j.j-b.:n. Matti-rH that h*pg»-ned tume y»-ars ago in ouu lKTtion with tin- Chairman of th« Railu-av C-j-iimix.iciii.ru. nud M-hich at the time oauwj bitu K-rrnw tL-.ul troubK were, and liad U-i-n fur tuniu.- titan px-t aiK-olutoly forgiwn if not .ntiivly lorpoil.-n. U-- had no hesitation in bavin?' tliat thu Chairuuin of tlie Railway -Vinmns.-inni-rs would not in thf R!iphtr*.t de fr»«w ?«? pn-jiuiiced by rnan*TS whicli iKVium'd in tiie ]-tw-l, a'ld which it would now bo L-owanily t-i rake up. Mr. WOOD liquid not we Uiat the Bill U'for« sli.-ii; bad Ulu.ll n-latuin with the Rail uay Coinmi-^i'iui-rs Ait. lt would U* a mis take to jriv.- on- man full control over tlu- rail vh--k for An unliuiit-^1 time, and no time was iin-iitiininl in tlw Bill. He was not in favor ? ?f thu Railway CommUfionrrH «t all but UJifi'ti! the C-mmis.-ioiM-r of Pu-ilic Works fhoiiM !»? tlie MinUter of lUilu-avs, re ]»iu.ib1e to the Parliament and public for t-arryini; nut tin- dutiias^ iind work of tin- railways. Much bad b»-n suiid about l;;e ju.rty tV-flinR that liad exlsti-d, and h« was :-urnrUr-i to hear Mr. Burguyne say what he l.jil. He was ash^nied u- think that infiuenov had lirt-n sustnmir in I.tior of one or tu-o of tlie Commissioners that petition* had gone iimnd tile countn1 and had been returned to the Hon.-*' in favor of tho gt-utlemun named bv Mr. Burg.iync The Government bad de i-ided, und ui.t b.foiv the public had asked fur it, and l-efore it liad l»»*n sho»-n that the i-uuntry amid not pa-- such high salaries, to bring in the Bill. The Commissioners had drawn 6ui.li salaries that they would not be tliro»Ti out on tlio world without a shilling. If thn* oihtr men, in tlie loco, shop for instan'v, were affected, what would be thought if they slumped the country with a |k-iition in which they pleaded to 1»j retained in the service. If the Commissionurs had had any self-respect they would have, anked their friends to have Mopped bending out those petitions. The Bill proposed to give one man tho power that three men had had previously, and he was not i)re[iared to give that power to any man un less he were under the direct control of the Commissioner of Public Works and the Parliament. Mr. Batohelor dealt fully with the reasons which led up to the appointment of our Railway Commissioners, ami though they had been the nominal Com missioners the real practical heads had been the Loco. Kngineer, the Traffic Superintendent, und the Kngineer-in-Chief, who always ad vised the Commissioners, and whose advice the Cinmnissioners wore bound to accept. The Railway Commissioners were in a similar jvtoition with regard to the officers under them, as the resident engineers were, to the dis trict foremen, who were practically the working heads. The administration of the railways bad not been a success, and no member could say that the Commissioners had been successful ad ministrators. Previous to the appointment of tho Commissioners there were 1,501! miles of railways, the capital cost of which was f-j,3!t5,.ri:a. Sincu then 1G4 miles of railway ha-i boen made, and the capital cost was now £-12,151,417, but the proportion of gross earnings to the capital cost was not so satisfactory now as it had been. The railways actually paid a lietter -jercentage prior to tbe Commissioners taking office than they did now. It was said the OodnadatU railway was built to give, work for tho unem ployed, but he doubted that very much. The few miles of railways constructed since tho apjxrintment of tho Commissioners had cost £1,300 per mile more than previously. The only reason that he could give for that was that hince the Railway Commissioners came into power they biul appointed some tiu officers, with salaries amounting? amiually to £19,100. That did not include tho clerks, assistants, and messengers that had been added. Ouring the last three years there had been a reduction in some branches ; in 1894 there were less than before. In 3890 there was a reduction of Jl employes on the permanent way, although 27 extra miles were open, and there were 117 more locomotives, 78 more coache?, and 1,603 goods and live stoak waggons. In 1S90 the total officers and men were 3,481; in 189% 4,132; and in 1894, 3,798. As to the supposed extra cost of die eight hours system, it appeared that although there were a less number of miles run bv about 1.000, yet the officers had 1-een retained in their positions, if not increased in number, although the men liad bren t-a-o years on short time. If thv traffic had fallen off how liad we such a large number of porters and clerks to vrhat we had previously ? The eight hours evstem was said to have necessi tated the addition of fifty enginedrivcrs and ninetv-nx firemen, an increase of 45 per cent. The Railway Commissioners wanted to justify their statement that the increased oust would be £50,000. and they put on four rimes the required number of men, and within a few months tlie men were put on Ehort time In his opinion it was sheer vmdictiveneBS. The oaly reduction in tlie hours was from nine hours to right hour* with the engine-drivers, firemen, cleaners, Ac. If the rolling-stock was kept in proper order the men in the workshops should never have been put oa short time. Old engines were cast aside to make room for the new ones. In 181)1 the wagp-sheet for one fort night wu iTlG.367, wliile in 1S94, with in rrvas-xl numbers and eight hours, it was £13,7S*X Tbe administration of railways was not what might have been eipected. The 140 engmi-a should never have Kth ordered ; we could have saved £300,000 in that wav. Such mistakes should nut occur. A» to the rUilxvay Commissioners as a Supply and Tender Board, they had been an actual failure. Mr. llapie accused him of saying -'tiiar any commercial firm carrying on business on tlie lines of the railway workshops would be ruined.' but that remark only applied to tlin sale of old axles and scrap iron. I'jx.a Beyeral occasions the best interests of the community had not been studied by the Com niissioners as a Supply and Tender Board. They had in some cases excluded Krupp's titvs, although they were £2 10s. per ton less than the lowest tenderers. On another occasion the Chairman of the Railway Commissioners received a letter from Vickers & Co. stating that they liad liad no order for about 10 years, and soliciting one. At that time an order was coming out for tires and axles, and the chairman forwarded the letter to the loco, engineer, who excluded Krupp's name from the specifications. The Railway Commis sioners had not only been a failure as a Supply and Tender Board, but some of their action'* liad not beau really above board. The fact that Fulton & Co.'s pipes cost £13,000 extra showed that either the resident engineer or the Railway Commissioners were v«y much to blame. 1I« tokl tlie Chairman of Railways that he agreed entirely in the alteration of the specification with Martin & Co., and yet they found that the Commissionbr of Public Works and two of the Railway Commissioners agreed that the specifications should be altered, which was objected to by the chairman. The Chairman of Railways stated that the engines cost nearly double the amount, and Mr. Roberts himself gave the cost of the colcnial engines at £88 per ton and the imported at £40 per ton, but this was without the eira charges, which were £127 per engine. Surely there was no need to go in for 12 engines costing £168 extra each, besides the necessary alterations in the permanent way for such heavy engines. There was a rice regal saloon carriage made at £4,000 — a sheer waste. Seeing the Bill was not applicable to the Railway Comniissioners Act it would be better not to carry it, but to appoint a Minister of Railways and have no Railway Commissioners. The Minister would bs responsible to tbeHoose. He felt it his duty to refer to the fact that during the Broken Hill strike it was notice able tliat when the mine directors were meet ing in Melbourne the Chairman of Commis sioners feit it necessary to go elso, and when the directors returned to Broken Hill he also went there on the excuse of firaKnjr out what the traffic was likely to be. It looked as though sides were taken, as the chair man was known to take off his hat and cheer men who were sent to take the place of tho strikers, while the platform of the Adelaide station was closed against outsiders when the New South Wales police passed through. As the Supply and Tender Board the Commis sioners ordered goods four years ago which were still at Port Adelaide. Then they had £226,000 borrowed for interlocking gear at 3£ per cent., but the money was now in the banks at 2 per cent., although the Commis sioners said at the time that it was necessary from a point of safety to interlock the lines He hoped the salary would not be increased to £1,500, as we could not afford it. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at L10 a.m. till 10.30 a.m. tho same day. - 