N'IMPO&TK.; By J. O. B. In the matter of accidents or strange occur rences something new has long been demanded, and Sydney has stepped forward to supply it. Newspaper readers were getting pretty tired of drownings, suicides, sensational executions, and the long list of calamities that go to make up a day's annals in the many-sided life of a modern community. Something fresh was wanted and, as I said. Sydney produced it. A metropolitan churchyard has been on fire. I refrain from stating the particular one, lest unnrighbouriy remarks should be made about those who found a resting-place there within the last few genera tions. There would be no lack of uncharitable old people with good memories to express wonder at the conflagration's having been deferred so long. Enough to say that before the flames could be subdued the characters of many tomb -stones were blackened in a way that must have been distressing to those beneath. * * * * The devouring element seemed to revel in its new role, and, rolling, revelled. It is as an essay in cremation that the foregoing occurrence will be chiefly remarkable. ' Up to tbis the Australians have looked askance at all innovations in the dis posal of the dead. With a virgin continent and unlimited elbow-room, they reasonably thought that, so far as methods of sepulture were con cerned, no sanitary puzzles like those pressing for solution in densely-peopled lands would arise for acres. The question — a burning one in every sense — suggested by the late fire is whether bodies should be set alight directly after death or whether an interval of 50 years or so should be suffered to intervene between the two events, the decease and the incineration. There are advantages and drawbacks in both systems. So far as New South Wales is concerned, it is almost a pity that some of her former citizens weren't cremated on death, and some of her present ones before. * * * * At £he -annual meeting of the New South Wales Local Option League last week the Rev. A. J. Clarke seconded a motion urging the return of sober men to Parliament. He said that as sobriety was essential for all those who obeyed the laws, it should be equally so for those who made them. This was unanswerable. If a fault could be found to his lucid advocacy of temperance it would be discovered in his reported statement that ' a man could not set up a sundowner unless he kept sober.' ' It is open to argument whether teetotalism is an indispensable article in the Australian tramp's stock-in-trade. The true sundowner — i.e. the person who, with the certainty of an eclipse, turns up at remote stations as the evening closes — is sober from necessity rather than choice. * * * ? Like, .the ' sturdy beggars ' who ran and over ran England under the Tudors, the colonial tramp makes the forest aisles ring with caoophonic ribaldry when in his cups. Over 20 years ago the Germans were said to know France better than the French themselves. To-day they probably know it better still. But their topographical knowledge of their neighbour's domains is merely elementary compared with the seasoned sundowner's grip of the country he dawdles through. Often on the Darling I ve stumbled on email camps of these blithe ^wanderers when they were packing swags prpparatory t© ta march. And in opposition to Mr .-'Clarke I cantonestly say that the il whaler' is not in the -main a willing victim to sobriety when he can avoid it. Indeed, the most success ful sundowners of my acquaintance — I have the . honour of possessing some, firm friends in the business— are es devotedadmirersof woman, wine, and song, as any Member of Parliament in the land, or as Dr. Martin Luther himself. ? ? ? ? When not harrying the Mayor or heckling the members, the Paddington council employs itself in subtle questions of what might be called corporation casuistry. The subject last week, for instance, was what stage an unfinished building should reach before it could be assessed— in other words, low tall must it grow before being expected to support itself and contribute to the municipal income. Houses are like infants, inasmuch as it is absurd to start rating them too soon. The alder men rightly considered the question too subtile for the ordinary lay mind to grasp in its entirety. A legal opinion was therefore obtained— counsel advised council. The advice took the following form : — ' Until a building1 is so far advanced as to be occupied and a rent obtained for it, it cannot be assessed at an average annual rental.' .* * * * This is plain enough. But it by no means ex hausts the subject or covers the whole ground. The first difficulty resolves itself into : 'At what particular stage of development is a house in habitable?' Many will say, 'when the roof's on.' Still, in the world at large, more people sleep without roofs than with them. There is much to be said in favour of assessing a house immediately the foundation-stone is laid. It is an incentive to the contractor to get the job through speedily, and erect the chimneys without unneces sary delay. This plan offers obvious advantages, and would do much to fill the by no means flourishing coffers of some municipalities where half-erected houses stand in gaunt evidence of the recent bank smashes and the hardness of the times. Once let; it get abroad that rates were to be charged from the time the first hodman was observed trundling a barrow of bricks in the vicinity, and there would be an immediate revival in the building trade. The Paddington Council is to bo commended for its prompt action in the matter of unfinished buildings. There would have been much more to be grateful for if the legal opinion was to the effect that the first load of mortar on a vacant allotment meant the com mencement of municipal rates. * * * ? New Zealand supplies a romantic incident. Near Auckland a young man eent a 4lb. stone through, a window for the purpose of inviting at tention to the fact that he was looking for his father. He thought that by appearing at the police court, and having his name published in the papers, his long-lost parent would claim, embrace, and protect him. Tears ago, in New South Wales, when the young fellow 'was an infant, his sire dis appeared, and was supposed to be somewhere in the neighbourhood of Auckland. In a work which once had great vogue, although now almoet for gotten, Marryat told the world how one Japhet, deserted like the colonial youth, found his father by persistently following every middle-aged man he saw with a large nose. The method employed by young Ogilvy in New Zealand has' some ad vantages over Japhet'p. Had the author of his being been behind the pane so as to receive the full impact of the rock as it came through, he would not have been far wrong in concluding that his son was in the vicinity. At the eame time^ if every lad, anxious to discover his dad, took to breaking- glass, it would soon be difficult to find a sound window in the land. *? * * * For months past the Excelsior diamond, the largest and most valuable in the world, has found a resting place in the Bank of England. It was discovered hist year in South Africa and is esti mated to be worth a million. In face of the fact that this piece of rock, tbis splinter of solid carbon, was escorted to the sea by a squadron of lancers and across it by a warthip, it is difficult to adopt the evolutionary hypothesis — so far, at least, as man is concerned. Tell a Kaffir that the dirty looking piece of stone he's just picked out of some muddy tailings represented, a first-class lineof battle-ship, or a year's support for an army of 40,000 men, and, if in good humour, he'd laugh with you for laughing at him — if in bad, he'd assegai you for mocking. To the natives of those far away African lands where the diamond sparkles in secret mines there must be something irresistibly droll in receiving flint-muskets and highly-coloured glass beads for unattractive pebbles picked by them out of unattrac tive mud. In their own mind they must think that the Caucasian — the wise man from over the sea — is in the words of an Australian poet, ' one ? fool.' And the beauty of it is that the Excelsior, even when cut down and properly angled, cannot be worn 'by anybody un less he has a posse of policemen to watch him, and a detachment of detectives to watch them. Further, it would be no use to a successful thief or garroter until, like goods at an auction, it passed under the hammer. It is said that the gem will probably go to the Emperor of Germany to appear on State occasions in the Crown regalia. If the young, autocrat, however, thinks that, by means of the world's largest diamond, he can weld an zEmpire that was consolidated by brains (the greatest still intact, though many were scat tered in the process), he may awake any day to find that, in holding one's own against a possible irruption of unneighbourly neighbours, blood and iron are still more to be depended upon than even the largest junk of scintillating carbon. * * # * The authorities of the Sydney ' Zoo.' have dis covered a fresh source of income of rare promise. Bessie, the female elephant, a gentle creature of about three tons, is to be put out to service, and her wages drawn by her masters. In a word, her owners have accepted a theatrical engagement on her behalf, and she makes her debut shortly. At present she is busy rehearsing. For 6ome time she will merely walk through her part at the head of a troop of fakirs and moonshees in the attractive piece '' Round the World in Sixty Days.' By and-bve she'll be expected to kneel, trumpet, on an inverted tub, use a pocket-handkerchief, un pirouette, pick up pins, and assist in shifting the scenes should the machinery go wrong. It would be impossible to enumerate all the services that may be rendered by such a female to the modern drama, particularly if she keeps her temper and finds pleasure in listening to the orchestra rather than in walking over it. Let her but once overcome the temptation to reach over the footlights for the purpose of lifting the conductor up by the hair, and along run may be anticipated. So long as she walks, the ' ghost 'can be trusted to keep her company. 