&&im;&@g£@ato. ' DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL 'NOTES. ?- [By Touchstone.] . I hear' of an especially attractive dramatic performance, to take jylace at the Academy of Music inr about three weeks time. The proceeds are to be devoted to a worthy object. Frank Thornton opens at the Academy of Music on May 1 with a production of the successtul farcical comedy 'Charley's Aunt.' This piece recently, concluded a phenomenal run at the1 Criterion Theatre, Sydney. I hear that seats for Brough and Bouci cault's productions at the Lyceum Theatre, Sydney, have to be booked at least a week in advance. Launceston may look forward to another visit about November. ?xne waingB ot tbe deathiT,of Mr J..E. Kitts, who was eo well-known in theatrical circles, will be received with regret by the many Tasmanians who knew the genial old fellow. ' He landed originally 'from' Cali fornia at ^eorge Town in a biig somewhere in the fifties, and'was a' member of one of !the very first Christy Ministrel 'companies that appeared in this city. Subsequently :for,a number of years he was connected with the Melbourne Opera House, when that place of amusement was under the management of the late William S Lyster Of late years Mr KittB frequently visited Launceston, the last time as a business manager for Miss Myra Kemlble. Mr Arthur Lawrence forwards to a Sydney, journal accounts, of his debut in America, which took place at the Berkeley Lyceum, New York, on 6th January. By the irony of fate Mr Lawrence appeared as Pastor Manders in ' Ghosta.' During his stay in Australia the actor was an anti Ibsenite ofc the most violent, not to say unreasoning, character/ so that on reading ' 'A Doll's House ' he declared that ' such amateur, senseless work was rejected every week; by his managers at the Sydney Cri terion.' As most readers are aware, ' Ghosts ' is well calculated to inspire honour, and is a very different thing from the innocently alluring ' Doll's House.' The gruesome Ibsen tragedy had not before been staged in America. It seems to have bean well acted, with Miss Ida Goodfriead in the chief character as Mrs Alving. The New York Herald observes :-— 'Mr Arthur Lawrence, who made his first appearance in America, played Pastor Manders with an entire freedom from affectation and staginess. It waB an even performance, marked by a quiet, impres sive, manner.' The New York World adds : — «?. As Pastor Manders Mr Arthur Law rence gave a. finished and brilliant render ing of the simple but narrow-minded clergyman. It was a capital impersonation, sustained and well balanced.'. Mr Law rence was for some years in Australia, and during the period of his stay was connected with Bland Holt and Brough and Bouci cault. The postponement of Mrs Potter's pro jected visit to Australia is due to the fact that when Mr Williamson reached Colombo he , was only able to place the month of June at the star's disposal for the begin ning of the tour, Writing from Calcutta, Mr Bellow explains that Mrs Potter could not accept this date, as on July 2 she opens her return season , in America at San Francisco. Mrs Potter's ?. chief success in Calcutta has been as 'Charlotte Corday,' in an historical, piece of- that title adapted from the French of Sardou. In the climax of the tragedy, wkere Marat, sitting in the great shoe- bath of the period makes out the list of fresh victims for the guillotine, it is not until the blood-thirsty deputy names [Charlotte's father that she plunges her dagger in his heart. Mrs Potter gets great praise for this new im personation, in which she answers to Carlyle's description — ' in her 25th year, of beautiful still countenance. A complete ness, a decision is in this fair female figure ; by energy she means the spirit that will prompt one to sacrifice himself for his country/' It is added of Mrs Potter — ' The inspired expression never leaves her, whether sitting to David as a model for Judith, or hearing the declara tion of love from the devoted Adam Lux.' Mr Bellow plays with sinister force the part of Marat/'his face dirty and unshorn' truly stamped on every feature. . Mr Ronald Cunningham, a Melbourne vocalist, has been recently engaged by Mr Daly, of Daly's . Theatre, to appear in London and New York. It is flattering to Mr W. H. Parkinson, the Melbourne tenor, under whom the young singer studied for about two years, that this engagement should have been entered into before Mr Cunningham had been a month in England. Mr Roland Cunningham (remarks the musical writer of the S.M. Herald) pos -sesseB a tenor voice of lighter quality than his b:other, Mr Robert F. Cunningham, who has achieved considerable Buccess on the English operatic stage in connection with the Carl Rosa and D'Oyley Carte com panies. It may be mentioned that Mr Roland Cunningham was first heard of in Melbourne musical circles when, as a mem ber of the Lyrio Club, he sang the tenor parts in ' The Pirates of Penzance ' and ' Les Cloches de Corneville.' Mr Roland Cunningham spent the earlier days of his life in Hobart, where years ago his father was local manager of the now .defunct T.S.N. Company. Writing from New York, Mr W. A* Green states that he has just concluded negotiations with Miss Emma Eames by which Mme. Vanderveer Green will join the celebrated operatic soprano in a tour of the United States. This tour will begin at New York on May 1, and will include only the big cities. The Parish corres pondents of more than one American paper ' to this information add particulars of Mme. Green's life at the Marches! Academy. The New York Musical Courier chronicles at length the experience of the handsome contralto, 'who vows that for worlds she would not pass through such another two years as those of her student life in Paris.' She takes 11 lessons a weekj three from Marchesi,three from a diction teacher, whose province is the language sung, two from a conversational French professor, and three with an accompanist, who is a ?^ coach for Mme. Marchesi's work. ^v Now that Miss Ada Crossley is so soon to enter upon her course of study in Paris, it may be of intereab to quote further Mme. Vanderveer Green's account of the Mar chesi system. It is certainly somewhat strange that Mme. Green's place should be filled by another contralto who has stood in the front rank of artistes in this far distant pazt of the world. Amateurs here (remarks a Sydney musical critic) will see that it must be impossible for any woman of high musical intelligence to pass through the MarcheBi ' mill' without im provement.Fanny Edgar oinas,an Ameri can journalist of repute settled in Paris, thus describes Mme^ Green's daily round: — 'Mrs Green is in the concert claBS of three — preparative, concert, and opera. When her lesson is over she sita and listens, her leason thus lasting a half- day. Her home practice consists of soale practice alone, 10 minutes at a time, alternating the scales each day; trill and arpeggios one day, triolets and running scales the next, etc. These must be sung in full voice, as full as possible, without forcing. Madame insists that singing in half-voice and humming around ruins the chords : says it is as if you should pick the loose strings of a violin. Previous to a debut the singer is bound over to Madame, soul and body, as to diet and action, as Emma Eames can tell—no ball, no theatres, no company,' bed at 8 p.m., walks, palate sacrifice. Debut is forfeited at slightest infraction. The system is finished and — dear— in every sense of the word.' 