NOTES ON NEWS. » " Spookism " has been having a great innings in Sydney lately. A Mrs. Mellon, a " medium " from England, had been giving a series of seances. Among her believers were Justice Sir William Windeyer, Dr. McCarthy, and other leaders of local thought. At one seance, a Mr. Henry is alleged to have discovered that Mrs. Mellon's mysterious " manifestations " were the result of trickery. Immediately there set in a great newspaper warfare. Anti-spiritists exclaimed, " There, we said so. All trickery, every bit of it." Believers in the phenomena retaliated that Mr. Henry had not discovered any trickery, that his senses deceived him, and so on. j.u i>uu euu, ner supporters called on Mrs. Mellon to prove her genuineness to the world by giving a series of test " manifestations." These Mrs. Mel lon has just given. She was placed in a sealed wire cage, also in a bag, and under those conditions she re peated her " manifestations." A dozen-strong committee, which in cluded Sir Wm. Windeyer, attest that there was no trickery in these tests. Now, a professional conjurer has come forward, offering to do all the " busi ness " done by Mrs. Mellon and after wards to explain the trickery ! An initial performance was given by this professed " conjurer " last week, at which, if the newspaper accounts may be accepted as reliable, the " spooks" introduced by Mrs. Mellon appeared to the command of Mr. Hoskins. This newspaper warfare is very irritating to spiritists.- They believe in "spooks" and ghosts and clair voyance and all that, because they have proved the truth of these things. A good honest sceptic they admire, but thick-headed unbelievers, who take a stand and won't be convinced, they abhor. They know the possibil ities of the cult for trickery. No class better, and a proved charlatan is a,t once ejected from their ranks, r There are, however, mediums who are genuine, mediums who are tricksters; professional conj urers whose cleverness enables tbem to do many of the tilings performed by the " quack " medium, and there are also good mediums, who, knowing the mood in which the Public takes all spirit "manifestations,", profess to be mere coni urers. Sniritista. however, do not fear the result of all these newspaper "exposures." The end will be the acceptance of the Truth and the rejection of all Error. In desiring that, the believer in the phenomena is in agreement with the disbeliever. The sudden death of the Rev. 0. F. Garnsey comes as a severe shock to the Church of England throughout the province. Mr. Garnsey was es teemed alike by his parishioners and by those with whom he came in con tact in the greater world. He was a High Churchman, and Christ Church, where he occupied the pulpit, was one of the " show " places of the metropo lis. He," however; was a man first and a clergyman afterwards. On one occasion he rescued 87 people from drowning during a flood pn the Hawkesbury River. We recollect once having the reverend gentleman opposite us at a cavalry mess dinner, given on tlw last night of the "old year." A ."fast" night it was, too. Mr. Garqpey enjoyed himself with the worst of us, sstng songs, and made J . himself thoroughly at home. At 5 minutes to 12 he excused , himself, had a cab called, and rushed off to conduct his watch-night services at his church. This was typical of his broad-minded ness. Mr. Garnsey was 67 years of I age. The cause ' of death was heart I disease. Premier Reid talked very straight to a deputation from the Sydney un employed, which waited on him the other day. The deputation professed to represent 400 or 500 men, and demanded assistance from the Gov ernment in the shape of work. They, the speakers averred, had been fooled in the past : they would not be again. Mr. Reid, at the end of the men's harangue, advised them to learn civil ity before they asked further favors. The charges of the unemployed against the Government were untrue : the Government were willing and anxious to assist the men, but they would cer tainly not be bullied into action. We support Mr. Reid in the attitude he has taken up. Having met and mixed with many of the " professional " un- I employed, we hold the opinion that they are not worth the helping. One member of the deputation that waited on the Premier had only been in Aus- I tralia for four months. And already an agitator i This is the usual type of the labor-leader. An unfortunate and unlucky workman is entitled to I State assistance, but not the gas-bag who leads the frothy discussions that breathe socialism, anarchy and «< sich." 