"" i.iUH BAY BI DAY. DOINGS IN AUSTRALIA AND THEBEAfiOfTT- .CHRONICLED BX BASOOWI . BEDFORD, A WEEKLY RESUME OF HAPPEN- .NGS WITHIN THE FEDERATION- TO-BE 'Copyright 1883, Ike Federal Aetodttion of JeurnalUte). Melbourne. - December. In the year of disgrace 93, a coroner's jury, by direction of the coroner, has found that one James Cootello, who was 'refused admission to the Melbourne Hospital, and who died some few hours later, would have died anyway, and that nobody was to blame. Costelta, a quarry man, was struck by the handle of a winch, causing partial paralysis and a few superficial wounds. A fellow- workman took him to the hospital, where Dr. Player treated him as suffering, only from a cut in the head. Player was asked to admit Costelta to the hospital and refused, saying, " There is nothing the matter with him, he's shamming." So Dempsey took his mate to the Alfred Hospital where he was admitted and intelligently treated. However, he died next morning. The natural direct con clusion from all this is that if Player doesn't know enough to. differentiate between shamming and' paralysis, he has jnst sufficient medical knowledge to be a success as a journeyman butcher, and no more. Dr. Youl, on the other hand, says that the "depressed financial state of Melbourne, and the insufficient accommodation caused the refusal of admission to Oosttilo, but the man couldn't live anyway, and the doctor was not to blame." Whether the man was cast for death or not matters little, it is sufficient for us to know that he was refused adequate treatment. Cause — " the depressed financial state." Cause of that again — " the bank boodlers who weep about the injustice of their prosecution by the law. ' It would appear that the dethroned Gods of Victoria are the cause of everything. Meanwhile James Costelta is exceedingly dead — said death has been rendered more unbearable by the refusal of a see- naught doctor. This is a great country to have your back broli in — really it is. . Premier Patterson vdes to -tie Ales, that good old explorer, Lands-Secretary Howitt, piloting him to Omeo by a new track. Lands-Minister M!ntyre has landed at the Bluff (M.L.), and is to be shown all over the village settlements and the meat-treezing works by officers of the Maoriland Govern ment, who will point out the Moa and the Dodo, and the Woman's Suffrage League, and other things while they are resting themselves. Webb, the Minister for Agriculture, who has done nothing much since he captured his portfolio, and the perfunctory JVTColl, are not going anywhere UP to date. This alleged " back bone " ministry is a dreary failure after all. Patterson is strong, but so is a steam roller, and we don't make a Premier of a steam roller— that is not very often. As for the rest of the team, my possession of about a gallon of the milk of human kindness, prevents the mentioning them further. One otherwise law-abiding man will ever be execrated by ail obscure few for having con- tern in the conversion of an inoffensive postman, into a glorified 'book-fiend, whose kead might have been a head veiy long ago, out which now has the appearance of having Deen dumped in a wool press. To the uninitiated a reportorial post on a Metropolitan daily seems a fine thing, when it is really a miserable existence, that is to -he man who has any opinion of his own, xnd is something more than a king parrot! The standard of daily journalism is such that in an- big population 90 per cent, ol the available literary ability is attracted tc the weeklies and magazines. The daily paper is the literature of the mass, and., therefore, neither the good nor the bad are wanted, but only the mediocre- -the people who know just enough to avoid winding up their theatrical critique with " It took well and gave pleasure to all." The men who are too good to remain reporters all their lives, are as much outside the daily as the men who have sufficient journalistic ability to be clerks and no; enough to write paragraphs about railway returns or to record the dodderings of the fat men of the legislature. Why don't these incapabies do something else, say you ? Because in out living the glamour-time when they thought reportorial work was all honor and gloiy, they have out-lived all fitness for anything T>ut halting paragraphs and death. The shamelessly-sweating evening papers W. these incapabies anything from ten shillings to a pound a week for doing all the news of a suburban district. Young in- caPahles' middle-aged, careless mediocrities, old men who were once fairly successful and have, dropped out of the running, fill these positions. One of these suburban corres pondents died the other day, allegedly of inflammation of the bowels. Men who knew this unfortunate, say the inflammation was y a result — that the cause was starvation. While this man died of simply want of tucker, a dull and respectable section of reporters award themselves medals— (why not tripe by the way) — and the rag which employed the dead scribbler talks holily of the duty we owe our fellows, and is published in an atmosphere half meanness and half cant. The journalist is always poor, and, .therefore, has a direct interest in breaking down the monopolies of land and opportunity which are only kept alive by the advocacy of a daily press, one half corrup- j tion and the other half blockhead, and' yet the journalist goes on from decade to decade, supporting his natural enemy. These things make me very, very tired. I always write verse when I am weary. See some here. You -must understand that a sub- J editor's duty is not so much to put things tnto the paper as to keep things oat, i.e., I things that reflect on the man with the Paris I \- hat. Now then, ghost of the starved corres- pondept, and mediocrities who will go' the I same way in the logical-course of eveiits, are I yourlistening? I This is die news hack's end—this is his bitter meed— 1 He who has. earned his bread by daily destroying I the truth. " I nccd1 Sld bimse,f 10 1116 RaS in his daily I Ruiblessffie truth be slew— now does he know no I Renegades all from the men of the people, whose I meu arc ye— I Spies for the-enemy, slain at last by the enemy. 1 Ye have grown old in lies. Bees of the daily rasr' I 'VeThUiT- t0 'he ,rUth : writin8 as I Drowning a new world's cry with whoops for a 1 tong-ctirsed flag; . 1 .Helping to stamp on tbem by whom ve wore I borne and sired ; - I AnS at last, when your eyes are dim with the Kae- I work s premature age, - 1 The cashier rules your account in red and turns to I menew 6 lave s page. 1 f FCTvmany 316 yeCia1uere Are ye for the 1 mraf PeP'e's men' earning by lying your I I The mass would reach sooner the spoil, but ye I c tnake the way slipfrom their feet I or ye of the army of wrong are worse than die I . ' _ soldiers ©£ swords, | They deal for die few paltry wounds— ye fight with I indelible words. . I Blind are ye! Blind are ye ail! that ye see not I the People 's strength, 1 Bhnd.me rei Blind are ye all all ! that ye see 1 nbt the foe s decay ; ' 1 Desert ye yoor taskmaster's trar nshocV a Comeat length, I Aod-:yjt tauy so dong in the dark that Voifr ieyea I grow blind to the day. , I Lie then ho more dbr ytrar' foes! ' Truth is your I brother's meed! ' Fellow Mowing Rags! frioU I 