THE HAMPTON MYSTERY.- BY MRS HARRIET LEWIS „ » tatboc t>f 14 Lady Kildare," Beryl's Husband," EditA Trevor s fitcrtt,' etce raul gave gibalda bib band AND ASSI6TED ii eh UP THE steps. 'CHATTER XXVIII. — (Continued.) Adlowe spent the forenoon in bed. In the afternoon he called at the earl of Hampton's, expressed his regret at the absence of the Lady Beatrioe from town, and drove with Lord Hampton in Hyde Park. Ho dined at Ins club, end soon after, half disguising him self in his eurtout, made his way to the Victoria station, in time for a down train. He booked hioiBelf for Limely, and proceeded thither. He had carefully inquired the way of Rush to the Evergreens, and on alighting at the Limely station, he took his way up the road with considerable assurance. It was s long walk, as Giralda had found it, between tbe station and The Evergreens. Adlowe pissed over the ground rapidly, and halted at last at the massive gate io the high brick wall, to which was attached a board, bearing the painted legend, 44 Tbe Ever greens." 44 I'm all right, it seems," muttered the pro- 1- 1 J .U_ 1 n..,L. I..J uigaic xuru, uiuujf uie aey »u»u uou kiou him. 4 'I'll take a look in at the windows. I'll make sure before I do anything rash. I ilnuhiy Mined. If this 4 Spanish grandee ' proves to be Geoffrey, we shall toee hot work." He opened the gate and passed into the shadows of the dense evergreens. He moved like a ghost op the densely-shaded walks. He appioaobed the bouse. Light gleamed from the windows. The our tains were not drawn, and only thiok veils of ivy and climbing plants shaded the panes. Adlowe hushed his breath, and crept closer, closer, into the very shadows of the vines, and peered into the drawing room window ! Bio curtain had not been drawn They seldom were, save on stormy nights, the per fect shade and eeolueion of the plaoe render ing instrosion into the grounds nearly an im possibility. 44 How pleasant it is !" said the countess, breaking a long silence, with a shiver and a look of pain. 44 And yet 1 feel strangely anxious to-night. Something is wrong with ns, my husband. Can anything have happened to Giralda ? I wonder what she is doing!" 44 You are nervous, Beatrice," responded her husband, tenderly . 4 4 1 think I have a touch of the same disease," be added. 44 1 do not feel quite myself to-night. Our anxieties are too muoh for us." He drew her head upon his breast, and looked adoringly into her glorious eyes. It wae at this moment that his bitter enemy — Lord Adlowe — crept up to the win dow, parted the vines, mid peered in. At the sight teat met his gaze, Adlowe reeled ae if struck with a mortal illness. He beheld the woman he loved — the woman he bad deemed haughty, icy cold in her nature, and heartless — he beheld her like a very god dess of lovo, brightly glowimr. her eves shining like twin stars, her oountenance nadiaut with a rire happiness, her head pil lowed on a man's breast. Aod that man ! How Adlowe's burning eyes soarched his features ! Evidently tall, he was magnificently formed, broad of shoulder, deep of chest and majestic of mien. His bronzed, even swathy complexion, his heavy black eyebrows, bis black hair and beard, made up a perfect Spaniard in seem ing. Adlowe had believed him to be Geoffrey Trevelyan in disguise. This belief received a sudden shook at sight of him. 44 That man Geoffrey Trevelyan P" he asked himself. 44 Can time have changed the bright, laughing boy, of slight figure and delicate constitution, into this grave, dark- bearded man ? I oon hardly believe it. This must be some new complication. Heaven ! bow Beatrioe leans on him ! How she loves him ! I wish I could hear his voice !" His glanoe roved around the room, and rested upon tbe two boys, who were seated on a couch, olose together, the elder brother engaged in putting a few finishing touches to a drawing. His gaze might have scorched them both— it was so keen and burning. "The elder boy is the lady Beatrioe all ever," he thought. 44 If that dark count be really that black- eyed boy is the .arAni8.Tre.TelyBI1 ! Th® younger fcoy— that lily. faced, golden-haired, blue- ®yed, girl-boy— is much like Geoffrey was in his boyhood, only that my cousin had more life and spirit." He pressed his face closer against the glass. . . Beatrioe turned towards the window— started — stared — then leaped to her feet with a wild and ringing shriek. _. "J&e; saw me !" cried tbe villain, leaping 44 I'm in for it now ! I must face that nun before ho has time to escape !" He burned to the front door, and rang loudly. Meggy was passing through the 5?' x waX to the drawingroom, attracted thither by that fearful scream, and paused, giving him admittance. The .next moment, reoogniaing him, ehe uttered a loud cry Of fright, and essayed to expel him. He Ptiwd hor aside as if she had been a child, and hurried on. burstimr into the drawinir- room with the force of a whirlwind. CHAPTER XXIX. — A Frifnd In Need. . Grosvenor oame nearer and nearer to his fleet little pleasure-boat to the bluff ®o®tage wherein Giralda was imprisoned. He r apeak. He looked up once or twice With a keen and sweeping glanoe. as if to assure himself that hie movements were not jratehed by hostile eyes. Giralda listened, tyjog to catoh the sound of his coming, iinaer the loud murmur of the waves. At ®fiWaheheardalow, grating sound, as of « in airainat the rooks. He is Undine,' she murmured, pressing faoe closer against the bars in the wild tope of seeing him. 44 Ah i Is not that the jwnd of his steps on the rooks ? Ordolmu- wo the waves for his footsteps P Itiehe— it 8he listened still more intently, straining er hearing to its utmost capacity. Surely the gentle patter of footsteps, as «me one climbed the rocks. It grew plainer tod more distinct. The climber had reached top <rf the bluff now, and must be rest- Giralda waved her arm through the tote to guide him to her window. Store was a brief silence ; (hen something cottage wulljuet mitv ixx0" ,J.twaa the upper eltre- ty o| e ladder, whioh tbe yonog Lord Groawaor had found lying in tbe serdoi. Gemlde a heart thrilled now with xpeotanoy. There oame a aoft wmnd, aa of tome one »rontu,p gently, and than the faoe of her aieaener appeared before the barred 1" he whtapered, eoftly. "Miae i6"1163 ot both her hands jjroogh the bam, langhing and aobblng to a _ ' It U I, Lord Omm." ahe caid. to a broken voice, full of glad pulece. ' Save me — save me !" The youug lord took her hands in a warm, encouraging clasp, stroking them softly. 44 You are safe from this moment, Arevalo," be said, with an unexpected tenderness tha t brought the quiok blushes to hor cheeks, and a strange and happy thrill to her heart. 44 You are a prisoner here ?" 44 Yes, yeB, my lord. The door is locked ; the windows are barred. These people are my enemies." Your enemies? I should not dream that you bad an enemy in the world," was Lord GroBvenor's impassioned response. 44 1 never saw them till to-night. You know Lord Adlowe, Lord Trevelyan's nephew!" 44 1 know of him, but I have never seen him." He — he asked me to-day to become his wife," said Giralda, after a moment's hesita tion. 14 1 refused him, and to-night he had until I shall change my mind." 44 Why, tills is barbarous — infamous !" ex claimed Lord Grosvenor, with indignant em phasis. 44 It is a proceeding worthy of feudal times." k< And every minute I remain here is en injury to those I love," moaued Giralda, in sudden and vivid remembrance of her father's peril. 41 Lord Adlowe has gone to work trouble upon my parents. Ob, my lord, can you get me out of this prison ?" 44 Yes, and instantly !'' responded onr hero, ardently, 44 1 oould cut these bars with py knife. No ; the wood is too hard. Bittly is a bard and desperate kind of man, but I had better lAce him and demand your release. A straightforward directness is generally best. Ab, he is astir ! 1 have awakened him. Have no fears, Giralda. I will protect you." He listened a moment, hearing movements in the lower rooms of the oottage. At the same moment he detected a fishing-boat, manned by three stout fellows, creeping round the bluff, well into the shore. He leaned iorward on the ladder, "stoking at one of the bars of the window, waving his hat, and shouting loudly: 44 Ho, there, boys ! This way ! Come up here quiokly. I have need of you." The fishermen looked up, and shouted baok a loud affirmative, pulling in for the shore. The young Lord of G-rosvenor was a great favorite with these rough children of the sea, his daring and courage, his generosity to them aud the widows and onildren of their drowuod ouiurudes causing tnem to regard him not only as their benefaotor, but as a being greatly superior to themselves. Seeing them coming, A«ord Grosvenor rapidly descended the ladder to the ground ; and at the same moment the oottage door ooened. aud Bittlv. a red. brawnw and savage-looking man, of herculean propor tions, appeared, half-dressed, upon his thres hold. 44 Who is this making suoh a row, and waking people at this time o' night?" he growled, in a deep, hoarse bass voice, glaring at our hero. 44 It is I— Lord Grosvenor," wae the quiok response, as the young lord oonfronted him. 41 1 demand the release of your prisoner, Miss Arevalo." 44 Prisoner!" ejaculated Bittly, his jaw falling. 44 There ain't uo prisoner here !" declared Mrs Bittly, making her appearasoe, also half-clad. 4 Your lordship's mistaken." 44 1 saw her myself at the window. I have been talking with her. I know that Lord Adlowe hired you to keep her in close con finement. You see I know all. Give me the key of the young lady's room." He planted his foot on the threshold of the cottage, and extended his hand for tbe key, looking so determined aod stern that the woman momentarily quailed before him. 44 Oh, law !" sbe ejaculated, forcing an un easy laugh, as she recovered herself. 44 You must have seen my niece— au insane young woman — too low for your lordship's notice " "Once more," interrupted Grosvenor, with a voice like a clarion— 44 the bey ! Here oome some friends of mine who will back me." A hoarse cry came from the three fisher men, as they swarmed up on the bluff and rushed towards the cottage, eager to assist their benefactor. Bittly made a movement to retreat into his cottage and bar the door. Too late ! Lord Grosvenor and the fishermen were in as soon as himself. 41 Will you give ns the key, or shall we break the door down?" asked the young lord, calmty. 44 Decide quiokly !" 44 Here uthe key," said tbe old woman, producing it, and commencing to whine. 44 Oh, my lord, don't go for to make ns trouble. We are only poor people, obliged to do as our betters toll ns." Lord Grosvenor paid no attention to hew Seizing the kev and bidding the fishermen remain until hia return. Im flew nnateira. and unlocked the door of Giralda's prison. The young girl met him at the threshold, trembling with eagerness. 44 1 knew you would get me out!" she cried, raising her luminous eyes to his faoe in a glad eostasy. 44 Oh, Lord Grosvenor, you have eared me the second time ! How can I ever thank you ?" Lord Grosvenor took her fluttering hand and lifted it reverently to his lips. 44 1 will tell you some time how you can thank me acceptably, n he whispered. Giralda drew away her hand in a sweet confusion. Somehow his words and manner strangely pleased her. 44 Put on your hat and we will go," said his lordship. 44 1 will take yon in my boat to the Eyrie, and theaoe yon can go by oarriage wherever you wish." Giralda attired herself hastily, giving her shawl and travelling-hag to his lordship, who conducted her downstairs. The fishermen greeted her with a oheer, having made a shrewd guess at the faots. Her late gaolers looked at her with irlanoee of hatred, and the young girl hurried out, not breathing freely until ehe had gained the open air. They paused a minute or more on the bluff, while Lord Grosvenor briefly explained to the men the cause of hie summoning them, and distributing among them a handful of silver. Then, taking Giralda'e hand, he led her carefully down the rooks to his boat, seating her upon a pile of cushions, and pushed off. 44 1 was out for a sail, and thinking of you. Miss Arevalo," he said, when he had raised the Bail and they were out from tbe lee of the bluff far enough to oatoh a puff of wind. 44 How pale you are ! Are yon not faint?" 4 A little. The fresh air will soon revive me," answered Giralda, leaning baok in a half-reolining position. 44 It is the reaction of my despair. Tbe world has looked very dark to me to»night. my lord." 44 1 don't doubt it," responded the young nobleman, in tender sympathy. 44 That Adlowe must bo made to suffer for bis'" high handed outrage, if there is any law ,in the kingdom." "Oh, no. I cannot make any formal com- plaint against htm, my lord,' siid Giralda, sorrowfully and wearily. 44 1 must bear it in silence." 44 Call me Paul," said his lordship, with an ingenuous blush. 44 1 am alone in the world, and have no one to call me by that name. 4 My lord4 sounds so formal from your lips." 44 You must eall me Giralda, then," was the low response. 44 Agreed. And now tell me, Giralda, why must you bear this wrong, this insult, thie outrage in silence?" The maiden looked at her preserver, her ouI in her oyes. He looked so manly, so honorable, so noble that she was tempted to tell him her secret—her father's secret. She felt as if ehe must confide in some one, and he, who had twice saved her life, seemed no stranger, but a true and warm friend. 44 My lord," ebe eaid — 44 that ie, PauP — and she blushed vividly, as he could see in the soft moonlight, that fell full on her lovely young faoe— 44 1 have a great secrot— one that ooocerns those who are dearer to me than life itself. I feel as if this secret would be safe with you. I feel as if I must have some one to talk to to-night or my heart will break." 41 Talk to me as freely and unreservedly as you would talk to a brother," said tbe young lord, with unobtrusive sympathy. 44 If you want my counsel, I will give it. At any rate, your secret will be safe with me." e. Biiwn t». »» W1U— IWU-l WUU JVU this morning that 1 was the ward of Lord Trevelyan — his adopted niece. I am more — his own great-niece. I am a Trevelyan!" Lord Grosvenor looked surprised and mys tified. 44 1 thought bis lordship had but two nephews," be said— 44 Geoffrey Trevelyan and Lord Adlowe." 44 He had but the two. I am tbe daughter of Geoffrey Trevelyan." The young lord's look of surprise deepened. 44 Did he not die in Brazil eighteen years ago?" he asked. 44 No, he is living to-day. The secret is known to but few. Lord Trevelyan does not know that I am really his relative. He does not dream that his hated nepnew lives. But Lord Adlowe knows all. He threatens to strike me through my dear parents if I refuse to many him." 44 The wretch 2" said the young lord, with energy. 44 Paul," said Giralda, with increasing earnestness. u rou VIAVA hmLrd nf frAnffrav Trevelyan — my dear, wronged, innocent father— vou have heard that story which stained his spotless name, covering it with infamy ? Let me tell yon the truth." In an impassioned tone, with truth and love beaming in every feature, she told him tbe version of the sad story as ehe had re ceived it from the lips of the Lady Beatrice. She painted the vile character of Lord Adlowe ; she told of her father's years of hope deferred, of her mother's trusting, clinging love, aud of her own resolve to dear her father's name of every stain. Her voice broke down in sobs before she concluded, and it was no detriment to the unsullied, noble manhood of the young lord that his tears fell with hers. Her manner and her words had carried conviction to his soul. 44 It was Lord Adlowe who contrived that scene !" he exclaimed. 44 How it waa done, I cannot tell ; but the assault and robbery were the result of a foul conspiracy against the honor of Geoffrev Trevelyan— perhaps against his lite. Had the marquis's wound been serious, aud had he died, Geoffrey Trevelyan's life would have been forfeited, and Adlowe would have stepped into posses sion of the estates. How strange that Lord Trevelyan never suspeoted the truth !" 44 Oh, Paul, he trusts Lord Adlowe, although he affects a oontempt for him. He is not fond of him. He does not love him, but it would be impossible to convince him of the truth, as I have convinced you. I have thought of telling him ell the truth, but he Would only nut. tn« off, «n.A haeteu to have papa arrested. He will never be convinced of papa's innooenoe save by the most com plete and positive evidence. There was a man who oould have thrown light cn the matter — who could have cleared papa's name. He was Lord Adlowe's valet, and his name was Neirwra. I have heard that he went to Australia; but he may have died there." 14 You think it would not do to tell Lord Trevelyan tbe whole truth as you have told it to me ?" suggested onr hero. 44 1 know it would not Listen while I tell you how I happened to oome to the Park." She then told of her hidden home, her con viction that ehe ought to support herself, her journey to the Park in search of a situation, and her utter ignorance that she was going to her rightful home and to tho presenoe of her kinsman. She told how she bad won his lord ship's love from her resemblance to Geoffrey Trevelyan, some of the particulars of her journey to London, and finally of the will the marquis had made in her favor. 44 1 can never tell him now, you see," ehe said, sorrowfully. 44 Lord Adlowe insinuated that I had been sent by my parents to the Park to win Lord Trevelyan's savings. The marquis would think the same if he knew who I am. My uncle Trevelyan is apt to judge people harshly." 44 1 know he is. He was embittered by this belief in his nephew's ingratitude," replied Lord Grosvenor, who thought with others, that Lord Trevelyan was hard and bitter to ' tbe very core. 44 You have a heavy burden to bear, Giralda. I wish I could bear it for you. You spoke of your mother. Geoffrey Trevelyan, I heard, wae betrothed to the Lady Beatrice Hampton when he dis appeared. 1 have fancied that she always kept herself single for his sake." 44 My mother ie the Lady Beatrice Hamp ton," eaid Giralda, simply. 44 Her marriage has been kept secret. Until last week I did not know the truth. I am telling you all I know, Paul." 44 Tbe secret is buried with me, Giralds," said the young lord, with a look and manner that declared uiat she might rely on and trust him. 44 Tbe Lady Beatrice Hampton your mother! Until this morning" — and he blushed again ingenuously— 44 1 thought her the most beautiful woman in the world. I have seen her often, Giralda. She has visited our family, and knows me well. And you are her daughter ? I have b I ways loved the Lady Beatrioe, and I shall love her more now than ever." Giralda did not ask why. A silence fell between the young pair, and the boat drifted on over the white-capped waves in the moon light, tacking now and then, and every moment drawing nearer to the Eagle's Eyrie. Giralda nestled her head on the cushions, and thought of all the manly perfections of her young reeouer ; and while he managed tbe sail and mused on bar histoty, his heart I eat high with lore and admiration for her. It was true— his first love, aud tho love of his whole life had come to him on thig deso late ooast, and already was strong within his aool a desire to win this pure and lovely girl, so full of innooent witcheries, so tender and grave and earnest, for his wife ! He dared not tell her yet of this resolve, lest he should frighten her, and thus defeat himself. Giralda rouged herself from her reverie as the boat entered the shadow of tbe tall bluff on which was perobed the Eyrie. She noticed now a little rooky landing and stairs out in the rocks, leading by a winding route to the top of a steep cliff. Her oompanion ran the boat into a little cove at the foot of these rude steps, and eeoured it to an iron ring which was there for the purpose. Then he gave her his hand with tender gallantry, and assisted her upon the etairs. 44 If ear you are ill," he said, anxiously, as they elowlr mounted, hand in hand. 44 Yonr hand is tike ice. Your face is flushed with fever, and you tremble like a leaf. All this excitement has been too much for yon." 44 1 am only very tired, I think," said Giralda, in a faltering voice, as a strange EflfmAtion of weakness oame over her. 44 1 should like to reet." She paused a moment, leaning against the tock. The young lord hesitated an instant, and then drew her lovely drooping head to his breast, gently compelling her to lean against him, his soul thrilling with delight at her gentle dependence upon him. Then, as she stirred faintly on his bosom, he lifted her and oarried her in his anus to the top of the stairs, placing her on a stone benob at its summit to rest. Giralda Emiled and thanked him with a weariness she could not disguise. She looked around her, noticing that she was almort at the portal of the Eyrie, and that green terraces, with gleaming marble balustrades, stretched along the bluff and to the east in an inland direction, and that flower-gardens, a shrubbery and extensive grounds lay be yond them. The Eyrie, as has been said, stood on the very edge of the bluff. It waa well named. The bluff octtege, seen from it, seemed a speok far below. The view of land and sea was magnificent and far reaching. The building or buildings, were of grey stone, of considerable extent, whioh had gathered to gether turrets and towen, wide windows, balconies and great projecting oriels, all of which aided to form a picturesque whole. Lord Grosvenor opened a door just behind Giralda, disclosing a long, wide hall suited to a baronial castle. "Come in, Giralda,'' he said, offering her his arm. 44 The air from the sea is too cold and damp for yon." Giralda arose, not venturing to dispute his tone of gentle authority, took his arm, and was oonducted along the hall to a pleasant room, called the 44 oriel parlor," from the fact of its possessing on oriel window that the red beacon light she had noticed was still burning, swinging by a chaiu from the ceil ing. 44 This is my favorite sittingroom," said his lordship, whoeliog a couch up near the fire, and gently compelling Giralda to occupy c, uc iijiuuvuijr uu uuuuui. wiui nut own hands. 44 The first thing you need is food. I presume you have not eaten since morn ing." 44 1 couldn't eat," said Giralda, stammer ing. 44 1 thought so aod the young lord gave a quick 11 at tbe bell. 4 After you have had food, what then, Giralda ?" 44 1 must go home — I must warn paps." "Yon are not fit to travel to-night. Let me plan for you. Lord Trevelyan loves you. He is doubtless half frantic at your disap- pearanoe. He does not know your secret, and 1 do not believe Lord Adlowe wants him to know it yet. Do not give up the work you have undertaken until you are absolutely compelled to. Let me cake you back to the Park as soon as you are sufficiently rested." 44 But papa! Poor papa !" 44 1 will go to him. I will start by the morning train. I am acquainted with the Lady Beatrioe. Iiet me go, Giralda. You are not able to make the journey." Giralda smiled assent and breathed a surh of relief. She was about to give him tbe address of her father, and to ask him to telegraph at once a warning to The Ever greens, when tbe door opened and (he house keeper entered. She was a plump, motherly woman, whom Giralda liked at the first glanoe. That glance wae returned with a long stare of surprise, the woman being unable to conceive whence the young visitor had oome. 41 Miss Arevalo," said tbe young lord, 44 this is Mrs Latten, my housekeeper,' an exoellont woman, who will take good care of you. Mrs Latten," he continued, turning to the housokeeper, 44 this young lady is Mies Arevalo, the nieee of Lord Trevelyan. I found her bnt now in great distress on (be coast. She is tired and ill. See that she has supper immediately, and order the carriage to take her to the Park." J. UO JVUUg LOUJ VU((iil UUt IU mi VUl VI the Eyrie to-night," exclaimed the motherly dame with emphasis. 44 She will be ill in earnest if sbe doesn't rest." 4 4 Then send a messenger to the Park to assure Lord Trevelyan that Bhe is in safety, and that ahe will return home in the morn ing," said his lordship. 44 See that the man goes at onoe." The housekeeper bowed, aud went out with a heart full of pity for the pale and sad young stranger. 4 4 She shall have such a supper as she never had at the Park," she thought, hurry ing along the hall. 41 The poor dear 1 How aorrowful she looks, and she but a child that should be playing with her dolls !" While she dere&tohed; the messenger in haste and hurried to prepare supper. Lord Grosvenor extinguished the red light in the window, and drew a seat near to his lovely young guest, who smiled up at him grate fully. 44 As I sua, I wul start for The Evergreens in the morning," he said. 44 You must have no more anxieties, Giralda. If you wonld only let me shield you from them all 2 Now, give me your father's address, and rely upon my earnest efforts to warn him in time." CHAPTER XXX.— The Rising Sun of Love. A feeling of delicious languor crept over the tired frame of Giralda ae she reclined on the oouoh in the oriel parlor of the Eagle's Eyrie, and a delirious senee of dependence on her gallant young rescuer succeeded to her late tatter and terrible isolation. Lord Grosvenor, with a tender thoughttnlness be fitting a woman, having drawn from her the address of her father and transferred it to bis pocket tablets, exerted himself to expel from her mind all unpleasant thoughts, treating her recent imprisonment as an odd adven ture, and gradually leading her from it to pleaaanter subjects. He had eucoeeded in bringing more than one smile to the pale, lovely faoe, exquisitely beautiful even in its weariness, when Mrs Latten, tho housekeeper, retnrned, followed by a maid. A round table was drawn up near to the fire, relieved of its books, and spread with a cloth of snowy damask, which fell to the floor on every side. A costly silver tete-a- tete service was then disposed upon the table, and dishes of painted porcelain succeeded. An exquisite little supper wae then brought in, the maid dismissed, and the housekeeper proceeded to wait upon the table in person. 44 Do not riBe, Miss Arevalo," said Lord Grosvenor, as Giralda made an effort to do so. 44Let me wait upon you." He ran and brought cushions, with which he propped her up into a half-sitting posi tion, and he then wheeled the conch nearer to the table, and hastened to carve for her the daintiest section of broiled birds and to load her plate with delicacies. Giralda made an effort to do justice to Mrs Latteu's cookery, but it was a vain one. Sbe was too nearly exhausted to desire food, bat sipped with feverish eagerness the cup of fragranttea brought her, and then sank reck upoD her pillows. 4 'You can take away the things, M!rs Latten," said the young lord, his own appetite gone. 44 Please see that the blue room is got ready at once." The housekeeper bowed assent, and hastened to dear the table and to withdraw. 44 1 do not like to go away, leaving you so ill, Giralda," said Lord Grosvenor, with tender concern, when they found themselves again alone. 44 1 shall be very anxious about you while I am absent.' ' 44 It is only fatigue, I think, Paul," said Giralda, her heart fluttering under his ardent glances. 44 Your going will make me welL I shall soon recover from my exhaustion if my , mind is at rest." Let it be at rest from all anxieties from this moment, then," said her young host, taking one of her bands in both of his. 44 Hear me, Giralda. You have faith in me ? Yon trust me?" ' 44 As I would frust my darling mot'ier 1" exclaimed Giralda, with a sadden and un- ! controllable impulsiveness, looking up at him i with a oonfidingness that went to his bouL He dropped on his knees beside her couch, gathering both her hands in his, his faoe glowing wilhirapsuioned feeling. 44 Giralda," he said, his voioe trembling with his sudden emotion, 41 you have been working alone to olear yonr father's name, (from this moment I wtil devote myself to ; the same holy cause. The aim and object ef my existenoe from this hoar shall be to olear all stain from the reputation of the wronged Geoffrey Trevelyan, and to promote a recon ciliation between him and his uncle." Giralda started up, all joyful excite ment. 44 Oh, Paul !" ehe said, growing radiant. 44 You believe in papa's innooenoe, then t You will help me prove that innocence to the world ?" 44 1 believe in his innocence of all intended harm or ingratitude to his onole as I be- believe iu my own existenoe !" exclaimed Lord Grosvenor, solemnly. 44 1 believe him to be a mubh-wroUged man. I believe that he and Lord Trevelyan have been but the vtotimB and dupe of Lord Adlowe. An\ i devote myself to the work of proving to the world that my con- viotions are true. Giralda, let us join hands in this sacred task. I will know neither peaoe nor happiness until Geoffrey Trevelyan stands clear of all suspicion, re stored to his rightful position, with his wife and children acknowledged before the world!" Giralda clasped his hands in unconscious fervor. 41 Oh, Paul !'' she murmured again, and now her eyes filled with glad tears. 44 You make me so happy !" 41 First," said the young lord, still in his impassioned manner, 14 we will collect evidence that shall prove Adlowe's guilt and your father's innooenoe ; then we shall shower these proofs upon Lord Trevelyan. We will humble his awful pride ; we will soften his hard, proud heart. He shall welcome your wronged father with remorse, and tenderness, and love !' 41 You will help me to do all thie?" asked Giralda, all aglow. It will be as eaBy to you, Paul, as my rescue from the swollen creek, or from my prison at the blaff cottage. Dear papa has found a friend — a powerful friend !" 44 And hie daughter has found a lover !" whispered the handsome young lord, shocked at his own temerity, yet not able to resist the gloriouB beauty of those pleading violet eyes, and stirred to the depths of his being by her trusting confidence. 44 Do not be angry with me, uriraiua. i nave inawnwi you. iuu are not angry ?" he cried, as tbe young girl withdrew her hands from him, covering ber eyes. "Say you are not angTy with me, Giralda. J havo spoken too soon— too suddenly ! I should have waited until you had known me louger — until your father's fortune had brightened. Idiot that I am, I have ruined al! my own hopes !" (TO 11B CONTINUED.) [?] 