PLAYS AND PLAYERS. o Mr Henry Irving brought his brilliant ight weeks' season at Abbey's Theatre, New lork, to a conclusion on Saturday, 30th of December. The success of the present American tour exceeds that of all Mr Irving's previous visits, and the average receipts per week have been the largest received. A lour weeks'deason at Boston was to follow, and subsequently Philadelphia, Washington, Toronto and Montreal were to be visited. A return to England will probably be made about theend of March. b isa Olga Nethersole has for the present relinouished theidea of obtaining the Avenue Theatre for the production of a new comedy entitled the Transgressor. The piece, how ever, would, it was expected, probably be staged at the Court Theatre about the end of SJauary under the stage manacement of Mr Hugh oase, who has been specially engaged by MisslNetheroole. As the lady Is under atood to have good financial support, her venture will be launched under the best aus , pises. lfisa Addie Conyers is playing the part of Robin Hood in the Manchester pantomime, and is spoken of as looking a model here of romance and being able to give plenty of point to her lines and to the musical numbers allotted to her. Billie Barlow has scored a big success in the pantomime at Birmingham, where she made her first appearance in the recent Christmas pantomime of Red Riding Hood, playing thepart of Boy Blue. At the Canterbury Music Hall, London, there is a "talking horse," by name Mahomet. The creature, a fine, beautifully developed dark brown horse just seven years of age, and standing about fourteen hands, is alleged to be so sagacious that he can tell the present Greenwich mean time, how often a maiden likes to be kissed, and many other oddities. iMr Albert Chevalier, the famous coster singer, has written a eketoh entitled Pay the Piper, somewhat on the lines of the Pied Piper, save thataftercharming the children away,therewardin thesketob, the band of the blayor's daughter is not denied him a second time, and the children are piped Back. One of the attractions of the mammoth 'showin London, called Olympia, is the per. lormance of a serpentine dance by Mdllei Sandowa, in a cage with four lions. The curtain rises on a presumably, North African landscape; and slowly the boards of the stage disappear, and in their place rises a be?e cage with the lions inside. After the animals are put through a performance I by their trainer, the Ilghts are turned down, and the limelight is thrown on the case, in which ldlle. Sandowa goes through the now familiar serpentine dance. The lions are said to be somewhat uneasy during the constant changing of light, and on one occasion a lioness made a savage spring at the dancer, who for a moment was driven t up against the bars. The trainer, however, v quickly came to her aid, the lioness was t driven back to her place, and the dance re. samed. I Among the latest London novelties is the i Baby Barber, lately on exhibition at the Royal Aquarium. Miss Wick, who is making a name and fame for herself in the way of shaving, is described as a child e having light flaxen hair and innocent blue ° eyes, and being dressed in a pink frock, with white socks and neat black shoes. Her re. I cord performance appears to have been the R shaving of five men m four minutes thirty. b eight seconds. a, Miss Ellen Terry, according to an 1 American interviewer, prefers cmedy to s, tragedy, but Mr Irving's ste is the reverse, to and, as he is manager, naturally, as a rule, has his own wayin the selection of nieces. Aecording to Miss Terry, "Amorians ai think nothing too good for their wives, whilst English husbands do not." Analyetld closely, this remark wouldeem to leave the T advantage with the Englishman, although w such was not apparently Misa Terry's inten- ti lion when communicating her views to an bi American interviewer. ai Mr J. C. Wdilismson is to meet ?lre Brown A Potter's agen at Colombo, and if mutuinally t eatisfactory arrangements can be made, hire Potter and Mr Bellew will revisit Sydney and Mlelbourne during the autumn of the presentI year. Owing to the change of Viceroys at India, the social season there has been a particularly brilliant and protracted one, and the Potter tb Bellew Company are likely to prolong their M season at the Corinthian Theatre, Calcutta. li \-- .Madame S?terliu?'e. r dellt'o fow ublcT her visit here, bat recently thisady, whoah4 j~ made her name and money by singing in t public, declared at the Royal Vitoa Hlln t that oshe wotldfar sooner epeak than sieig. fr M?rs Steart, bletter noswn aes Billie Barlow, intends making a world's tour in i 1S9,, which willinclude Cre mr.,. s__- " nsao-re,..ina.-ta, nefourne, and Sydney. China and India. Lea Since the aloie of the Sydney Lyceum panto. tal mime, Miss Nellie Stewart has been paying a itt visit to the Blue Mountains. no Mr Hamilton Clarke, should he return to P., Viotoela, will hardly expectto be what may is o called popular at Collingwood. In the ien course of his recent lecture, entitled "Two ele Years Miusic in Australia, he is re. ported to have said that the Victorian Aa Orchestra were often called on to play at various shows, for instance at " Collingwood ae a moiature and vastlyinferior Whiteahapel,"' e and where, after a concert, the performers had ale to wade across a sloppy cricket field to enjoy mc the hospitality of the mayor who shouted It drinks all round," and with shirt sleeves ne rolled up welcomed them with the speech that lift iT he was glad to see 'em, hea was." loo Although the lecturewas smart and catic, be Mr Clarke, nevertheless, paid a genuine at tribute to the Liedertafels in Australia, and i stated that the Melbourne and Metropol tan do Liedertafels in Victoria were equal, if not superior, to the best societies of a similar bo0 naturein England. he On the 17th December. Sydney, eon of ml Lenel rough, wasee married at Christ ne Church, Bloomesbury, London, to Tihe, fn daughterof Wtilliam Shakespeare Waebster. ru Daring the last year the Sydney Lieder aff taelprodned the roerutat and but fewnew Ca clasical pieces. This has recently ftormedthe anbject of discussion among the members, and the imputation of pandering to, in place of checking, thetaste for secondlrate music we made against the selection ommittee. ln On Saturday, ith January, LIr Hare was me annoancedtore.openthe GarrickTheatrewith to anec'play by Ir Sydney Grundy, entitled all an Old Jew, in which o?r G. W. Ansonhas a part. Particular eeecy bae been observed id in regard to this new piece, concerning which peitl, hSwg expressed a desire for the pro. ncervation of the clcseat secrecy, his company iO? having loyallysbserved his wishes, and hence no Partirlars in advance have been mradseto Mr J. F. Sheridan made his appearance bet with the Little Christopher Columbus Cam qnyat theLyric Theatre, London, en the 27th "1 December taut, on the occsion of the 71st Oc xepresentation of the piece and the production of a second edtilon, The authors have written up the praviously unimportant character of ad the Second Mrs Block for Mr Sheridan, who tin -is noticed as appearing at his best in the re presentation of Irish mdows. Mr Sheridan MI bas a capital song In Columbus was a Famous uhe Edan, and a mont amuring duet, The Sisters fi Giggle, with Mr Lonnen. cli The Pollard Juvenile Company have been Icc la7lngAladdin,La Mascotte, and the Con. me •daders at Hobart. his The Waterloo Cyolorama at Adelaide has cli recently added an attractive illcsion entitled rut 4lspolaon's Ghost. dir As instancing the dearth of engagements we even faor aetors cad actresses of universally aft ceognised merits it may be mentioned that art thlssJenrestta of 't'atont who is included in the cast of ound the World, at the Lyceum hoeltre, has since the Terry season .in Melbourne had but one short engagement -Dora, in the Brough and Roucicault revival of Diplomacy. When an actress of bliss Walson's popularity and standiog ba per. force to remain idle so long, one scarcelyf likes to speculate as to what has been the 55 fateoflees promineut performers. kill M cIr W. B. Warner, a comedian whose the abilty has not received the general recog. dee nitien undoubtedly deeerved, seems to be now maing te the fore. Becently he was engaged to sing eeveral colter songs at a overnment Honue party, and during the wh petweek he has been mowing at the Con. net *?nenalConcerts at Adelaide. wit Mr Thornton, so it is reported, offered an *engagement with his company co a Mel bourne amateur whose perlormance in the fr petof the Lord Chancellor in an amateur car prodoction of Iolanthe he witnessed and ehc -vecognised the merit o. Astho gentiemanin en. .question1 however, has attained to a good Inc \- poelston in the business in which he has been for some time engaged, it is unlikely that Mr " hornton's offer, complimentary as it is, will all :be acrpted. oft 