THE SHEARING DISPUTE. AYRSHIRE DOWNS WOOLSHED BURNED. MEN COVERED WITH RIFLES. STRIKE OF BOWEN DOWNS MEN. HUGHENDEN MEN SIGNING. OONDOOROO SHED FIRED. A telegram was received yesterday morning by the Darling Downs and Western Land Company, Limited, from the manager of Ayrshire Downs station, which is situated about thirty miles from Winton, stating that on Tuesday the woolshed at that place was burned to the ground. The employees were covered with rifles by about twenty men. The build- ing was a very large and expensive shed, but the loss is partly covered by an insurance of £3500. Other information received in Brisbane yesterday states that the shed was surrounded by twenty men with rifles, who covered the employees and destroyed the building, nothing being saved except some woolpacks and the dump. Information of an official character has been received confirming the news relative to the burning of the Ayrshire Downs shed. The information further states that not only were the employees covered with rifles but that any one interfering would have been shot. Several shots were fired close to the men bailed up. Official information has been received in Brisbane that at a meeting of shearers and rouseabouts on Tuesday night, held at Hughen- den, it was resolved that the men go to work and sign the agreement. It is also stated that the committee of the Amalgamated Workers' Union at Hughendon have recommended the members ot that branch to accept the em- ployers' terms. The shearers' delegate there states that wires to the above effect had been sent to Winton and other centres. ATTEMPT ON OONDOOROO SHED. Information has been received in Brisbane that the Oondooroo shed, where the shearer was assaulted on Monday, was set on fire yesterday, but that the fire was put out by the three Ramsay Bros. Two miles of the Oondooroo telephone wires were destroyed. This information is confirmed by a wire re- ceived at the Colonial Secretary's office. ACTION OF THE GOVERNMENT, The Colonial Secretary is determined to do everything in his power which will be conducive to the maintenance of the law in the districts where strikes are in progress, or where lawlessness is likely to be resorted to. The areas of the Western districts of the colony are out of proportion to the number of the regular Police Force, but all available men are being despatched wherever their presence is required, and they are being rein- forced as quickly as posible, if the number first sent is not regarded as sufficient. Official instructions have been given to Mr. E. Eglinton, the Police Magistrate at Winton, to swear in those willing to assist in the protec- tion of the district as special constables. These men will render assistance till the police arrive, or, should it be deemed advisable, will serve to augment the regular guardians of the peace on the arrival of the latter in the troubled dlstricts. News has been received in Brisbane that Sub-inspector Lamond has arrived at Winton from Longreach with police. He will no doubt proceed at once to Ayrshire Downs. BURNING OF AYRSHIRE DOWNS SHED. LATEST PARTICLARS. A MIDNIGHT RAID. TWO SHOTS FIRED AT A CARETAKER. [By Electric Telegraph.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) Winton, July 4. The shed at Ayrshire Downs was burned to the ground about midnight last night. Fifteen armed and mounted men surrounded the shed while it was burning. Two men were camped at the shed, and one rushed to put out the fire, when two shots were fired at him. Inspector Lamond and a force of police are starting out to the scene, accompanied by Mr. F. W. Riley, the pastoralists' district secretary. No further details of the occurrence are to hand at present. Barcaldine, July 3. It is reported on reliable authority that the Bowen Downs shearers refused to sign the new agreement. The men are willing to work under the agreement of 1891, or a verbal agreement or none at all. Augathella, July 4. Nive Downs commences to shear on 1st August. There are plenty of men available, and no trouble is expected. LABOUR MEETING HUGHENDEN. WORK TO BE STARTED. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) HUGHENDEN, July 4. With reference to the recent report that the demand of the rouseabouts at Bunda Bunda for an increase of wages to 30s. per week had been conceded by the manager, two letters from men employed at the station were received by the secretary of the Workers' Union saying they were getting 30s. It is now stated by the pastoralists' agent that the manager at Bunda Bunda has received instructions to discharge the men and re-engage them at 24s. It is also stated that the manager only promised the roustabouts a bonus of 6s., provided they went through the shearing at Bunda, which is 190 miles distant, and out of the way for men. A meeting of the Labourers' Union was held yesterday, and it was resolved not to refuse to work, acting under instructions from the labour executive in Brisbane. All the shearers and rouseabouts have left town for the sheds starting shearing. REPORTS FROM ST. GEORGE, When a general strike was first mooted last April we (St. George Standard) doubted its feasibility. As far as this district is concerned we now reiterate that doubt. The shearers who have engaged stands in our local sheds, many of them well-known unionists, have ex- pressed their intention to shear, no matter what the attitude of the union may be, and we have no reason to question their determination. In- deed the very reverse is the case, reviewing the facts as they present themselves. For instance, the condition of the bush workers does not warrant a strike. They have very little money among them, therefore they want work. To strike now is to meet untold hard- ships without doing any good to themselves or to unionism ; consequently they do not feel justified in facing, what must inevitably come to be, partial starvation. If a strike is ordered it will be a bad thing for unionism, hundreds of men will refuse to come out, and in any case defeat is cer- tain. Whatever transpires, the pastoralists hereabout contemplate the situation without anxiety. They do not anticipate any trouble in getting their sheep shorn. If a few men refuse to work they will only make room for those who will. Plenty of men are inquiring for stands, and ready to pledge and do pledge themselves to shear, strike or no strike. The disaffetion among unionists is greater than many people imagine, and has been considerably intensified by the returned victims of New Australia, who put themselves and their money into the hands of the organisers, and to-day poverty and the wisdom of sharp experience and sharper practice is their portion. They are as doubtful of the delegate as before they believed in him, and the Longreach order, "Agents and delegates are requested to collect funds for strike purposes," is not likely to draw more than a sneer from them. The loss of their all has made them think, it has impressed their intelligence at the point where their in- telligence is most open to impression, and they lose no opportunity of conveying the lesson to their mates. WINTON. (from our own correspondent) June 21. Business matters are very quiet, and to make things worse the labour leaders are trying to foment another strike. A wire is posted up at the Imperial Hotel, signed by Curtis, the Workers' Union agent at Hughenden, calling upon members to demand 30s. per week for rouseabouts, and telling shearers not to sign the pastoralists' new agreement. They may shear for anyone who pays 30s. per week and shears under conference or verbal agreement. Many unbiased persons are of opinion that the rouseabouts should get 30s., but they think that the rate for shearing should be reduced, say, to 17s. 6d. per hundred. Shearing will soon be in full swing in the district unless interfered with by labour troubles. Oondooroo and Llanrheidol start on the 1st July, and others will soon follow. Kynuna was to have started on the 16th in- stant, but the cook engaged for the rouseabouts struck, causing some inconvenience. However, another was quickly engaged here and sent out post haste, so I presume shearing is now pro- ceeding. All the stands round here are full, and I hardly think the shearers will be such fools as to come out, for there are scores of men travelling in search of work who would be glad to take the roustabouts' places. UNIONISTS' MEETING AT BLACKALL. GREATER TYRANTS THAN THE SQUATTERS. LEFT TO EAT GRASS OR GO TO GAOL. NO FUNDS TO SUPPORT A STRIKE. NOT A GHOST OF A CHANCE. 75 TO 19 AGAINST STRIKING. [From the Barcoo Independent, 30th June.) The news of the intention of the officials of the Amalgamated Workers' Union to declare another bush strike came as a surprise to all classes of our community. Notwithstanding the throats contained in the Worker for some time past, no one seriously thought that the union offlcers would have embraced the oppor- tunity of the country being flooded with unem- ployed, and of the union finances being at such a low ebb, to engage the bush workers in another great industrial struggle. The news caused some little excitement, and great interest has been taken in the various telegrams received respecting the matter. Following is a detailed account of the week's proceedings in this connecton :— On Monday evening the following telegram was exhibited in the window of Mr. P. A. Aitkin's shop : "Longreach, 5.55 p.m., 25th June, 1894. To H. Rickaby, Blackall. All men requested not sign agreement. Westlands men refused. W. Kewley, Secretary A.W.U." On the same telelegraph form the following notice was added:—"All hon. delegates are requested to meet H. Rickaby on the union ground at ten tomorrow. H. Rickaby." However, when the time for the meeting came round Mr. Rickaby was the only person to put in an appearance. Nothing daunted by the first failure, a notice of which the following is a copy—was posted up at the various hotels and in other con- spicuous places in town :—" A public meeting of shearers and labourers will be held at the Government bore on Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock, H. Rickaby, hon. delegate." MEETING AT THE BORE. In pursuance of the beforementioned notice about 150 persons gathered at the bore punc- tually at 3 o'clock yesterday, including a fair sprinkling of townspeople. Representatives of the Press were present by special invitation, for which we thank Mr. Rickaby. In opening the proceedings, the hon. delegate, Mr. H. Rickaby, said that some people had complained of his wearing a ragged coat, but if it did not please them they could shift him from the delegates' list. Considerable difflculty was experienced in procuring a chairman, and no fewer than eight persons were proposed, all of whom declined to act. Eventually Mr. P. Irvine consented to act, stating that he did so simply in order to prevent the meeting from falling through. He stated that the object of the meeting was to see whether or not the men present were in favour of a strike. Mr. H. Rickaby, who addressed those pre- sent as "gentlemen and constables," was the first speaker. He detailed the proceedings of the asking the pastoralists for a conference by Messrs. Curtis and Hinchcliffe, and said that the unions were not disposed to be put off any longer. There were other hon. delegates pre- sent, and he asked them to give their opinions. Silence ensued for some time, when Mr. RICKABY read a number of telegrams he had received since his arrival in Blackall. Mr. Rickaby also stated that Messrs. Hardacre and M'Donald, M.M.L.A., had signified their willingness to come to Longreach and help. He then asked anyone to have a "cut in," and he would have a "cut", afterwards. Mr. J. Hill wanted a plebiscite vote taken, and he was perfectly willing to abide by the result. He objected to men in Brisbane and Longreach forcing the matter. [Mr. Rickaby objected to the reference to Brisbane and Long- reach.] He appealod to the union men, and asked 'had they been consulted. (Several Voices: No1") Ho was always given to understand that the constitution of the union provided for a plebiscite on such matters. (Mr. Rickaby: "I have, not the constitution ^¿vith me, and cannot find the minutes of the last meeting."! He did not blame tho squatters, as when they (the union men) had the power they did not give tho squatters conference. He spoke as a maa who had been iu the distriot for sixteen years. The squatters had proved great tyrants ; but he knew which were the greater tyrants of the two, and those wore the union men. When they got good terms they did not know when they were well off. During tho strike of 18D1 Mr. Howe was referred to in the BarcaldineCampias a "crawler," but had i they taken his advice they would be tnuob better off to-day. In that year the married men were called in from the stationB, and then loft to " eat grass or go to gaol." The speaker described various events connected with the 1S91 strike, and was loudly applauded at the conclusion. _ Mr. Rickaby said that the squatters bad simply insulted their (the union) men when they asked for a conference. Mr. J. Howb said it was no secret that they had no money to support a strike. Personally he was prepared to strike, but what was the use? The squatters would only fetoh up another mob of men from the South to take the money out of the district. Ho would bet anyone two drinks-(laughter)-that before a fortnight wos over, men from the South would come and take up Westlands shearing. Mr. Rickaby said it was strange that the men who were afraid of funds falling short wero the men who had already had the best of the work. The men camped on the banks of the oreek were willing to try a strike. Mr. Howe said as far as funds were con corned they were simply living on one another. Out of every hundred men they met ninety nine had not enough to buy a feed. Fully one third of the sheep in Queensland had been already shorn, and there were men who had been waiting six months for a stand who had succeeded in getting a July shed, but now these men were asked to forego their chance. There were no funds to support a strike, and even last time they were broke before thoy started. During the last strike free labourers were brought up in such numbers that men who had been shearing in this distriot for many years had been compelled to go goodness knew where. Fully one-third of tho union men had ratted and these, with the free labourers, would down the unionists now if they struck. If he attempted to oross the Barcoo River when it was in flood and he could not swim it was ninety-nine oh&nces; in a hundred that he would go down, and it was exactly the same with the proposed strike. If, after signiug the agree- ment, as many had already dono, men refused to shear, thoy might as well leavo the distriot, as there would be no more shearing for them. There was their own paper, the Worker, and a good paper it was, free labourers would not subscribe to it, and it they drove its supporters away even that would have to go down. Besides, there were men who had struggled on in this district and got their names on the electoral roll ; tiley would have to leavo, and then when an election comes on the Labour candidates would be defeated. He was sure that if a plebiscito were taken two-thirds of the men in the eolony would vote against a strike. As regards the wires read by Mr. Riokaby, they would re- member that a wire was received in Blackall from Mr. Temple stating that no scabs were to ua got. -ne same evening war, wire was received the looal paper issued a sip stating that 300 men had lett in the Derwent, but that was set down as a lie by the capitalistic Press. But the men came right enough, and if the squatters had wanted another couple of thousand -of men they could have got them. If there was a chance of winning he would say strike, but he did not think there was the ghost of a chance. Ho had shorn under the agreement and there had been no bitch, hut of course that might orop up at any time. He thought they should work up their political association and get working men into Parlio ment before declaring another strike. He suggested that a division should be taken of thoso present as to whether or not they were in favour of a strike. _ Mr. Pascoe said that he thought if a plebis- cite vote were taken, as should have been done, that vote would be against a strike, as they were financially paralysed. Let the majority rule and not Kewley, nor anyone else. Mr. FiTZQKitA_D : Any man who advocates a striko at the present time must bo mad. Mr. H Geitch said that the organiser, Mr. J. Martin, said there would be no strike. Since 1S91 the squatters had been driving the men down, first with the ration scale, and again with the.agreement. It has been said that the men would not again fight for a principle, but when the prinsiple was burst up they were burst up altogether. It was the intention of the squatters to keep up a breach between the shearers and the labourers. There would soon be a red- hot strike in New South Wales, and he thought the Queensland men should go to work and help the mon in New South Wales. Next year they would have to strike in the Peak Downs against the reduction. One of the men who attended the recent conference of bush workers in Brisbane had previously shorn under the pastoralists' agreement, and be (the speaker) only knew of one delegate who re- fused to sign it. He proposed that a wire be sent to the union head office, asking that a plebiscite vote be taken as soon as possible, and that tho strike be put off in the mean- time. It would be nine days before a shed started in this distriot, and he thought a vote ought to be taken before that time, Tho CiuntMAX said that anyone who wanted to speak on the matter had better do so then, and not go about the town talking afterwards. Mr. Howe proposed that a show of hands be taken, and Mr. Pascoe seconded the proposi- tion. Mr. Rickaby said that the meeting was B public one, and they could not take a divi- sion. It vvaB called to get an expression of opinion only. If the chairman ruled against him he would question the chairman's ruling. Mr. Howe had said that in numbera they were weaker, but last year their numbera had in- creased by 1O0O. Mr. Howe ; I said our numbers were less as compared with 1891. Mr. lhcHAUY could not say about 1891, as he was not here then ; he had only been up here two years. The rouseabouts had an idea that the shearers would not stick to them, but the Westlands men had shown that was not so. Mr. H. Geitch proposed that a ballot be taken of tbe |unionists present, and that the result be wired to the head office. Mr. Rickaby then desoribed the "miserable life" the bushman led, and quoted statistics showing how scanty the earnings were to keep a man all the year round. He also referred adversely to the Government stopping the ¡Bsue of freo rations, and» of the proposal to utilise prison labour on Government works. He thought the reason such horror had been expressed of strikes was beoause the raen were put down in 1691 ; but other unions had been put down and had won afterwards. He quoted from the works of G. R. Sims and Henry George on the labour question. Blackall, he said, had always been considered as one of the headquarters of unionism, and he was Bur prised that they were now going to disgrace themselves. He did not think there was enough surplus labour to supply the sheds of both New South Wales and Queensland. [A Voice : " How long have you been in the colony ?"] He had been in the colony five years, and bad been a member of the union for two and a-half years. In the old country he learnt to touch his hat to people, but here he was not afraid to speak his mind. Mr. Howe indignantly denied that the Blackall men either had or would disgrace themselves. " They wera as stanch unionists as any in the colony, Mr. Geitch then moved,-" That a division . ba takon of the unionists present as to whether there should be a strike or not, and that the result bo wired to Longreach, with a request that a plebiscite vote be taken on the matter as soon as possible." A division was then taken, those in favour of a strike following Mr, Rickaby, and thole »gainst following the chairman.l The numbers were 19 in favour and 75 against. The proceedings then terminated. Out of the 19 who voted in favour of a strike nine were recognised as men who had received Government rations. 