GENERAL NEWS. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, [?] the request of the Premier, sent on Saturday a cablegram to Lord Ripon stating that South Australia joined most cordially in the invite- fcion extended to the Duke and Duchess of . "Fork to visit these portions of the Empire^ and promising ? hearty welcome to the august pair if they honored these shores with Chen: presence. It was added that the Government would feel gratified if the message reached the hands of their Royal Highmaseg on New Year's Ere. His Excellency the liientenant-Governo* has received a cablegram from the Host Honorable the Marquis of Bipon, Secretary oi State for the Colonies, informing him lhat her Majesty the Queen has been graciously pleased to approve of Lord Ripon'a recommendation of * the Son. Jenkin Coles, Speaker of the House of Assembly, for the distinction of K.C.M.G. The Speaker has notified to «ta Lieutenant-Governor bis grateful aooepft?DOO of the honor. To- day will be observed as a pnblio holiday, and as usual there is a varied programme of outdoor amusement for Ty??id ?y-wi?3rwg Id choose from. The S. A.J.C. meeting win take place at Mbrphettrille, and die annual regatta will be held at Fort Adelaide. The races will take place lower down the river than nsual, the site selected being abreast of No. I quay and Coalshed Creek wharf. The i iiiuiiiiUnw will be provided with quarters on the ketch Napperby, and the barque Brier Hobos "* will be utilised as a flagdhip. In ad dition to these attractions there are the Cadets of Temperance picnic at liOoHeys, jA and an excursion to Edithburgh witfaj^J the South United Cricket Glob. The Biblo^H Christians will hold a oamp meeting «t Edei^H Park, Fitzgerald's Circus wOi give a mstinee^H performance, and several raoe meetings aad^H sport? will be held throughout the ootmMjy^H In the evening the pantomime "TheFort(^H Thieves" will be repeated at the Thaatl? ■ Royal, a "Continental" evening w3l beheld 9 at the Exhibition gardens, Fitegerald'e Cirbos | will again appear at the Wakefield-steeea grounds, " The Colleen Bawn" will be played at the Bijou Theatre, the Kak Jubilee Singers will reappear at the Town Hall, «aa the ghost of Napoleon will walk «• the Cycte. rama. . ' Acoarding to the revenue returns for the quarter onding on Sunday, which an published elsewhere, the reoeipt? lor tsW three months amounted to £652,887, while those for the corresponding period of 1892 totalled £514,450. showing *n m crease of £38,437. l'fae principal lines la which an improvement is shown arei railways, £43.093; territorial, £1.693; and postal and telegraphic, £1,181. Taere was a decrease of £6,402 in the Customs revenue. For the half year which olosed on December 31 Ite total revenue was £1,103,172 as compared with £1,055,346 for the ' oorreepood ing cix months of 18S2, or aa increase of £47,826. The Treasurer's estimate for the year shews a total income of £2,613,074, so that tbe first half has fallen short of its quuta by £2d3,3Ga. Tbe portion of the Australian Squadron engaged in this summer's evolutions i? com posed of H.M.S. Orlando, flagship of Admiral Bowdan-Smith, and H.M. chips Kingarooma, Katoomba, and Tauranga, part of the sobo.; dised fleet. The detachment left) •Sydney on Friday en route for Fort lanooln, falling at Hobart on the way. The North v. South cricket matoh was con cluded on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday morning, when the Norths were dismissed in their second innings for 67, leaving the South victors by an innings and 61 runs. Through out the matoh Carracher, the left-hand trondler, scoured nine wickets for 30 mna, while he delivered 198 balls. He secured the trophy for bowling on die Sooth aide and Scroop the batting priia, while IngUs and Evans were awarded tbe trophies for the North for batting and bowling respectively. The Australasian edition of tin Review of Beviewt for December has as* frontaspieoe a page of portraits of the Agents-General of the colonies in Xiondon. Toe osual comments on the progress of the colonies are as bright aa usual, bat Sooth Aastnlu hardly gets its fair A proportion of notioe either here or elsewhera. )^H Altogether, however, the number is full of in-^fl terest to the general reader and the illnstra- tions are numerons and welt ohoaen. The English portion of the paper bas all its peculiar characteristics, the hand or the spirit of Stead being everywhere recognisable. Mr C. J. Crossman, of Market-Btreet, off Wright- etreet, reported to the police that about 7 a.m. on Sunday morning he found his daughter Minnie Barbara, aged 3 months, dead in bed. The child had not been ill except from a slight cold, and had not been attended by a doctor. The coroner, saving made enquiries, considered am inquest un necessary. Mr. J. Reseigh, of Hindmarnh, wishes to caution the public of dangerous dogs in the National Park. He states that when in Long Gully, near the curator's house, on Thursday, three large dogs attacked one of bis daughters, eight years old, and one dog bit her severely on the leg. Had it not been for the lamely assistance ot another daughter who drove the animal away serious results might have fol lowed. His daughter is attended by Dr. «aj Stewart and is confined to her home. Great regret will be felt by the little folk^H because ot the death of Mr. 3. H. Wieden^H holer's splendid St. Bernard •"Leo," who^H recently distinguished himself so much by bia^H work as a collector for the Industrial School^B for the Blind. ■ Mr. S. W. Palmer, of 2SI, Strand, London, fl has sent ns a copy of the " Philatelist's Almanaa ■ and Stamp Collector's Vade Mecum" for 1834. ■ Melbourne Punch Almanac for 1894 forms a ■ wonderful collection of clever illustrations and % bright reading matter considering that only 1 6d. is charged for it. "The Enfranchisement I of Women" gives the keynote of its prinaipal I cartoons. ■ 1 