EXTRAORDINARY CAREER OF SAKAfip&NDON.;,. CHAPTER XXXIL— fCoiminjBD.) But it never occurred to her. ' Ah., the -wretch. !' ehe repeated. ' The scoundrel, the rascal !' And sitting down by Daniel's side, she asked him to give her all the particulars of this thrice-repeated ? attempt at murder, from which he had so miraculously escaped. The countess never doubted for a moment but that Daniel was as madly in Ipv^with her as Planix, Jlalgat, Kergfisfep and all the others had been, for 'she had grown so ac customed to find her beauty irre sistible. How could it have occurred to her that this man, the very first whom she sincerely loved, should also be the^irst and only one to escape her enares ? She was, moreover, addition ally deceived by the double mirage of love and absence. During those two years she had so. often thought of Daniel, so constantly lived with him in her mind, that she mistook the illu sion of her desires for reality, and was no longer able to distinguish between her dreams and the real fact. In the. meantime he described to her his present position, lamenting over the treachery by which he had been ruined, and adding, how hard he would find it to begin life anew at his age. And she, generally so clear-sighted, was not sur prised to find that this man, who had been disinterestedness it self, should all of a sudden deplore his losses so bitterly, and value money so highly. ** Why don't you marry a rich woman ?' she suddenly asked him. . With a perfection of affected can dour lie would not have thought him self capable of the day before, he in stantly replied, ' What ? Do you — you, Sarah — give me such advice ?' He said this so naturally, and with such an air of aggrieved surprise, that she was as delighted as if he had made her the most passionate avowal. ' Yon love me ? Do you really, really love me ?' she asked ; but before Daniel could reply, the servant was heard turning the handle x-f the door outside. 'Go now,' added the countess in an undertone. ** You 6hall know to-morrow whom I have chosen for you. Come and breakfast with us at 11 o'clock. Now go,' and kissing him- on his lips till they burnt with unholy fire, she poshed him out of the room. He staggered like a drunken man as he went down the stairs. ' I am playing an abominable game,' he said to himself. |c She does love me ! What a woman:!' To rouse him from his stupor, nothing ' less than the sight of Papa Havinet -was needed. The old dealer was ensconced inside Daniel's cab. 'Why, how are you here ?' asked the young officer. ' Why, I thought I might be useful —and, indeed, if it hadn't been for me the count would have detained you and prevented you from seeing Sarah alone. So I came to your rescue by sending him up a letter. Now, tell me everything.' While they were driving alone Daniel repeated 'his conversation with the count and S|irah ; and when he had concluded /the old dealer ex claimed, ' We have the whole matter [ in our hands now. But there is not a j minute to lose. Go back to the hotel i and wait for me there. I must go to the public prosecutor.' At the hotel Daniel found Henriette dying with anxiety. Still, she only asked after her father. Wasvit pride, or was it prudence ? At all'- events, she did not mention Sarah's name. They did not, however, have much time for conversation, for Papa Kavi net came back sooner than expected, and looked particularly excited. He drew Daniel aside to give T»m his last directions, and did not leave till midnight, when he -went away, ex claiming, 'The ground is burning under our feet; be punctual tomor row.' At the appointed time Daniel pre sented himself in the Hue Lepelletier, where the count received him like the day before. «Ahl' he exclaimed, ' you come just in time. Mrs. Brian is away ; Sir Tom is out on business ; and I shall have to leave you directly after dejeuner. You must keep the countess company. Come, Sarah, let us sit down.' It was an ill- omened request. The count was ghastly pale under his paint, and was constantly trembling from head to foot. The countess affected -an air of childlike happiness j but her sharp and sudden gesnues be trayed the storm which was raging in her heart. Daniel noticed that she incessantly filled the count's glass with strong wine ; and that, in order to make him take more, she herself drank an unusual quantity. Just as it Btruck 12, the Count de Ville-Handry got up. 'Well,' he said, with the air and the voice of & mi»i preparing to mount the scaffold, ' it must be done ; they are waiting for me.' And, after kissing his wife with, passionate tenderness, he shook hands with Daniel' and. hurried out of the room. Sarah, whose cheeks were all aglow, had also risen, and remained for a minute listening attentively. When she was quite sure tha|r the 'count had gone, I downstairs, sfee exclaimed, 'Now, Daniel, look a^me. Need I tell you I what -woman I have chosen for you? It is— I.'. ' - . 7 I He trembled as he heard her speak} I but, making a supreme' effort to con I trol himself, he succeeded in. forcing. I a smile to his face, and' answered, with I mingled tenderness send irony, 'Why, I why , speak to me of unattainable hap I piaess? . :Are yon not married f' I 'I may be a widow/' . I These words had a fearful meaning, I coming from her lips. But Daniel I was prepared for them, and merely re I joined, ' To be sure you may. But, I tofortunately».yoa ?«re-- Tuiaad4 You. She believed him. lYes, ,sTie really believed that what he ^aid was true ; . so, throwing aside all restraint, she resumed : ' Well, then, I will tell you. I am rich — immensely rich. The for tune which once belonged to the Count de Ville-Handry, and which he thinks has been lost in unlucky speculations — the whole |of it is in my hands. Ah ! I have suffered horribly to have to play the loving wife to this decrepit old man during two long years. But I thought of you, my Daniel ; and that thought sus tained me. I knew you would come .back ; and I wanted to have trea^ ?teures to give you. ' And I have them. Those coveted millions* are mine, and you are here j and now I can say to you, * Take them, they are yours ; I give them to you like I give myself.' ' She had drawn herself up to her full height as she spoke these words ; and she looked splendid and fearful at the same time, as she shook her head defiantly, till her golden hair beeame loosened, and streamed over her shoulders. Daniel felt as if his reason was giving way. Still he had sufficient strength to answer, ' But, unfortu nately, you are not yet a widow.' 'Not a widow!' she retorted in a strident voice. ' Do you know what the Count de Ville-Handry is doing at this moment? He is beseeching his shareholders to relieve him from the effects of his mismanagement. If they refuse, he will be brought up in court, and tried a.s a defaulter. Well, I tell you they will refuse j for among the largest shareholders there are three' who belong to me ; I have bribed them to refuse. What do you think the count will do when he finds ! .himself dishonored and disgraced. I can tell you that ; for I watched him write his will, and load his revolver.' At that moment they both heard the outer door of the apartment Open. Sarah turned as pale as death itself, and, clutching hold of Daniel's arm, she whispered, ' Listen !' Heavy steps were heard in the adjoining room, then — nothing more ! ' It is he !' she whispered again. «? Our fate is hang ing in the scales — ?' she had scarcely spoken when a loud report was heard, making the windows rattle. For an instant she almost writhed in a con vulsive spasm, and then with a great effort she shrieked, ' Free at last, Daniel : -we are free !' And, rushing to the door, she opened it. She opened it, and uttered a cry of terror. For on the threshold stood the Count de Ville-Handry, with distorted features, and holding a smoking re volver in his hand. 'No,' he said, ' Sarah, no, you are not free ?' Livid, and with her eyeballs startl ing from their sockets, the wretched woman had shrunk back to a door opening from the dining-room into her bed-chamber. She was not despairing yet. She was plainly trying to think of one of those almost incredible ex cuses which are at times accepted by credulous old men when violent passions seize them in their dotage. However, she abandoned the thought, when the count stepped forward, al lowing Papa Ravinet to be seen behind In'™, « Malgat J' she cried — « Malgat!' and so saying, she held out her hands before her as if to defend herself from a ghost. But there was more to come, for behind Malgat Henriette could now be seen leaning on Mme. Bertolle'a arm. a She also,' muttered Sarah — « she too I' The terrible truth at|last dawned on her mind : she saw the snare in which she had been caught, and felt that she was lost. So. turning to Daniel, she exclaimed, ' Poof man, who made you do this ? It was not in your loyal heart to plan such treachery against a woman. Axe you mad ? And don't you know that for the privilege of being loved by me a.s I love you, and were it only for a-day, Malgat would again rob his employers, and the count once more sacrifice his millions and even honor itself?' ?' She' said this, but at the same time she had slipped one of her hands be hind her, and was feeling for the knob of the door. At last she grasped it, and instantly disappeared into her bedroom before anyone could prevent her. 'Never mind,' -Baid Malgat, ' all the outer doors are guarded.' But she had not meant to escape. There she was again, pale and yet de fiant. Glancing around her, she ex claimed almost mockingly, 'I have loved; and now I can die. That is just. I have loved. Ah! Planix, Malgat, and Kergrist ought to have taught me what becomes of those who really love.' Then looking at Daniel, she wenton,' And you — -you will know what you have losiTwhen I am no more. I may^ die, but the memory of my lovei,will never die; .it .will rankle in your heart like wound which opens afresh 'every day, .and the sore1 ness of which steadily increases. You triumph now, Henriette ; but remem . ber that between your lips and Daniel's there will for ever rise the shadow of Sarah Brandon!' As she uttered these last words, she swiftly raised a small phial to her lips, imbibed the contents at one gulp, and sinking into a chair, spoke for the last-time. ' Now I ;defy you all!' . 'Ah, she escapes us!' exclaimed Malgat, ' she escapes from justice i' And. so saying, he. rushed forward as if to try and/prevent her from effecting lies pttrpoMj feat Da&ieL; are an poor as I am ; and we are too clever to think of uniting poverty with poverty.' She looked at him ''with a strange, sinister smile. She was evidently hesitating. A last ray of reason faintly showed her the abyss at her feet. But pride and passion won the day. Besides, she had taken too much wine, and her usually cool head was in a state of delirium. 'And if I were not ruined ?' she asked at last, ' what would you say then ?' ' I should say that you are the 'very woman an ambitious man of 30 might dream of in his most glorious 'visions.' caught him by the arm and said, ' Let her die.' She was already writhing in hor rible convulsions; and the penetrating smell of bitter almonds, which slowly pervaded the room, told but too plainly that the poison* she had taken was one from which there is no rescue. She was carried to her bed ; and in less than 10 minutes she was dead, without having uttered another word. Henriette and Mrs. Bertolle were kneeling piously beside the bed, and the count was sobbing in a corner of the room, when an inspector of police entered. ' The woman Brian is not to be found,' he said ; . ' but Elgin has been arrested. Where is the Countess de Ville-Handry ?' Daniel pointed to the body. ' Dead !' exclaimed the officer. ' Then I have nothing more to do here.' He was going out, when Malgat de tained him : « 1 beg your pardon, sir,' said the old fellow. ' I wish to state that I am not Ravinet, dealer in curiosities, but that my true name is Malgat, formerly cashier of the Mutual Discount Society, and sentenced by default to 10 years' penal servitude. I am ready to be tried, and place my self in your hands.' CHAPTER XTrSTTT. United. The magistrate from Saigon saw his hopes fulfilled, and, thanks to his pro motion, was commissioned to preside at the trial of the case, which he had so ably investigated. After the jury had returned a verdict of guilty, he sentenced Justin Chevassat, alias Maxime de Brevan, to' penal servitude for life. Crochard, sumamed Bagnolet, got off with 20 years ; and the two Chevassats escaped with half that term of solitary confinement. The trial of Thomas Elgin, which came on during the same session, revealed a system of swindling, so bold and dar ing, that it appeared at first sight al most incredible. Especial surprise was evinced by the Parisians when it was shown that he had issued false shares of the Pennsylvania Petroleum Com pany, and had induced M. de Ville Handry to buy them in as genuine ones — thus ruining, by the same pro cess, the count as a private individual, and the company over ?which he pre sided. Elgin was sentenced to 20 years' solitary confinement. These scandalous proceedings had one good result. They saved the poor count's honor, but they revealed, at the same time, such prodigious unfitness for business on bis part, that people began to suspect how dependent he must have been in former times on fr-ia first wife, Henriette's mother. He remained, however, relatively poor. Thomas Elgin had been made to re fund, and possession had even been obtained of Sarah Brandon's fortune ; but the count was called upon to make amends for his want of business ca pacity. When he had satisfied all Ms creditors, and handed over to his daughter a part of her maternal inhe ritance, he had hardly more than £1500 a year left. Of the whole ' clique ' grim Mrs. Brian alone escaped. Malgat, having surrendered to jus tice within the prescribed limits of time, was tried anew. The matter was naturally a mere formality. His own advocate had very little to say, for the Public Prosecutor himself pre sented the unfortunate cashier's de fence ; and after fully explaining the circumstances which had led 'him to permit a crime rather ?*=*?»«' to commit it himself, he said to the jury, ' Now, gentlemen, that you know what was Malgafs offence, you must learn how he expiated that crime. When he left the miserable woman who had ruined him, maddened by grief, and deter mined to Mil himself, he went home, where he found Ms sister, one of those women who have religiously preserved the domestic virtues of her fore fathers, and -who know of no compro mise in questions of honor. She had soon forced her brother to confess his fatal secret, and, overcoming the horror she naturally felt, she found in her heart words -which moved him., and led him to reconsider his deter mination. She told him that suicide ?was but an additional crime, and that he was, in honor, bound to live, so that] he might make amends and re store the money he had stolen. Hope once more rose jn his heart, and filled him with unexpected energy. And yet what obstacles he had to over come. How could he ever be able to re fund the money? How couldhe Tna.Tm.go to earn suchj a sum*? and where ? How could he -do anything at all, now that he was compelled to live in con cealment ? Do you know, gentlemen, what his sister did in this- terrible emergency ? She had a moderate income derived from State bonds, all of wMch she sold, taking the proceeds to the chairman of the Mutual Discount Society, begging him to be patient as to {the remainder, and promising that he should be repaid, capital and interest alike. She asked for nothing but secrecy ; and he pledged himself to that. Since that day, gentlemen of the jury, the brother and the sister have lived a life of in cessant toil, denying themselves every thing but what was indispensable to sustain existence. And to-day Malgat owes {nothing to] the society — he lias paid every sou. . He fell once ; bat he has risen again; And the dock of 'this court, where he now sits as a prisoner, will become to him a place of honor, for, by your decision, gentlemen, you will efface all stains from his reputa tion, and restore 'him to his position in society.' After such a speech Mal gat was naturally acquitted. In due course Henriette and Daniel were* married. At the ceremony the bridegroom's best men were Malgat and the old cMef surgeonjof the frigate Conquest. Several fpereons noticed that, contrary to usage, the bride wore a dress of embroidered muslin. It was the robe which Hen-. c&etti; bftd wo often oov And with jux^ tears, in those days of destitution, when she had fruitlessly tried to live by her daily labor. Malgat had hunted it up, and purchased it. It was his wedding gift. The Count de Ville-Handry seldom sees T'p son-in-law. He still blames him in his heart for Sarah's death, for despite everything' he heard and saw he -worships her still, even beyond the grave. He frequently remarks, with tears in his eyes, ' She was slandered.' But he is the only one who can think so. And yet there are mischief -makeTS who would be delighted to revive once more all the infamous slander wMch Sarah originated, in hopes of mining Henriette. 'Mme. Champcey,' they say, ' is certainly a charming woman, but it seems that in former days — ' However, these folks take good care to keep out of the way of Daniel and Ms faithful servant, Lefloch. [the e^.] 