CATHOLIC NOTES. THE attempt to maintain a Masonic Lodge at Louraes (says the Tablet) has resulted in ignominious failure after seven years' perseverance on the part of its founders. The special importance attached to it by the sect, as an antidote to the religions associations of the place, may be gathered from the panegyric prononnced by the Freemasons themselves on the brother who essayed the difficult task. It was founded in 1886 by the Grand Orient as an offshoot of the Lodge of Tarbes, to which the seven brothers charged with the new mission belonged. The only one of these who was a citizen of Lourdes was elected a member of the Council of the Order, as a special mark of its approval of his courage in planting its flag "in a locality especially enfeoffed to clericalism." The death of this individual has now extinguished the eonventicle, which daring the seven yeara of its existence did not recruit a single adherent in Lourdes. The Lodge at Tarbet, whence the attempt emanated, is affiliated to that of Toulouse, one of the oldest and most important in France, which, since the first apparitions at the Grotto, has been the eentre of all the efforts to discredit them, and assail the credibility of the narrative of Bernadette. AT their reeent meeting in Maynooth College, the Episcopal Board made thi following important appointments :— The Right Rev. Monsignor Gargan, D.D., V-G. (Meatfi), vice- president, to to be president of the college; the Very Rev. Thomas O'Dea, D.D., professor of theology, to be vice-president; the Rev. Danl. Mannix, professor of philosophy, to be professor of theology. TEE announcement (says the Freeman's Journal of 20th October) of the death of the Rev. J. E. Reffe will be seen with profound regret by many of our readers. This regret will be especially felt by the many students who look back to him as the guide of their youth, and who owe to his vigorous and able direction much of the success they secured in after life. Outside of the religious society to which he belonged, and the college where he laboured for so many years, he will be principally remembered for the active part he took in the recent struggle for higher education in Ireland. Bom in Alsace in the year 1841, he entered the Society of the Holy Ghost in 1861, was ordained priest at the early age of 23, and soon after, in September, 1864, was sent by his superiors to the French College, Blackrock, where he was entrusted with the direction of the studies. The college was at that time only in its infancy, haying been founded little more than three years previously. Tluinks in a great measnre to Fr. Rvffc's ability and untiring energy, it was soon able to take its place amongst the best educational establishments in the country. Fr. Reffe was for a time rector of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat. 