WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs B. H. Jennings lives at 211 Maine street, Bridgeport, and Mrs Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night in December (1891) the two women looked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the ga« burning, however, in the front parlor. At about half past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlor the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in tho middle of the room Btood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleamiDg through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleaves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol, the women fled screaming from the room. When Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it tho women saw ? __ _ __ ' ” “'D’urirfgih.‘ -fecSfit peilod1 of "ill^health;’* -’ta- '■’i writes an American friend, “1 had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o’clock, I was suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the [foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as sle looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it siuee, and it’s more than three years ago now.” No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there’s no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March 1S90, it waB, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:—I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1SS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of tho time. My skin was dry and yellow, and thestumach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-aud-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stumach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I tliould I should ilose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. “ I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked whut I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, aud was enred by Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in thiB medicine, I tried it, aud in tlueo days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as over. I can eat and digest my food and all my nervousuess has left me.” The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pros tration. The original cause was grief and shock at tho violent death of her husband, by accident, the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to Jthe dig estion and thus fed and toned the nerves. .. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds means nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person'Who sees them.... and iwhen JMother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 