THE PHAHTOM HBgSS&AN.; A TALE OF TASMANIA. Br C.E.G. Tnere are more things io hes-eo and eartbj iioratio, than are dreamt o£ in your philo sophy. — Shakspeare. I may preface the following trae story by stating tiiafc I have not, and never had, any belief in the enpernatnral . Spirits — unless in .a liquid etate — I reckon "but ihe myths of fftfi superstitions ; spiritualism 1 estimate as arrant humbug, and theso-calied supernatural appearances and extraordinary "manifesta tions" of which we hear bo mnch merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular pheno mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, et hot gmtis o;nne , are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, fiTjd may be readily accounted for by those who dip deeply into scientific lore, or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fra ternity that X would aslief sleep in a ehurch "yard u in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience whioh would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tomb stone for a pillow ; and feel sure that no respectable ghost would resent my in trusion into the neighborhood of hia prison- boose. But I am, of course, open to convic tion. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just so eoou as they will consent to give over euch schoolboy pranks as rap ping1 table legs, clashing musical instruments, etc., and will volunteer to do something useful to humanity, Bucb, for in stance, as to give a hard-up pressman the straight tip for the next Melbourne Cup. An amiable and well trained bona fide ghost might be made extremely useful in many ways. On the staff of an evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would be worth untold gold — would, in hot, prove a mine of wealth worth yif a dozen Coolg&rdies.; Fancy being able, by spirit exprees, to give a couple of columa of iHostrateil description of tit p. TgrBrV ef the Alert half an hour after — or for the matter of that, half an hour before— it happened, with a full list of the men's names and photographs ! Or, to give the full scores of our boys1 cricket tnftfahp-fi in FmgZand before they were played. From a utilitarian point of view it is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every success in their overtures to mortals, instead of which theyhaveonly contrived hitherto tomokethem- selveeextremely ridiculous and untrustworthy. If, as I said before, one of them will give me the Cup tip I will promise with my winnings to found a 14 Spirits' Retreat " somewhere in Rouverie street, and undertake to provide the poor perturbed spirits with chairs, tables, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation. The timh was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds covered the firmament aud hung over the earth like a funeral pall. A fitting time and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I wbb young, tired, and hungry, and my only thought was to get home to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. I wns riding homewards frozu a country house known as 14 The Bond" (not the Y&rra; Bend, incredulous reader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to e hand gallop, and just as I turned into a narrow about a mile from home the storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious 1 Torrents of rain descended — each drop seemed s bucketful; peals of thunder succeededeach other with staruingand oeaien- ing rapidity, and flash after flash of eheet lightning at intervals ot a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath — so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either ride of me. There was no room for even a sheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. In fact it was not once in six months that anybody ever rode along the path ; it was merely intended for foot passengers, and I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in timfl to avoid a drenching. Abont half way up the lane a flash of lightning more . vivid than uen&l; tit up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lightning e Sash enabled me to see everything dearly. The man was mounted on a grey horse, and was dressed in a tight grey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overcoat, but a oomrorter of some kind wrapped round his tbroat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not be cause of any superstitious fear, bnt rimply because I took borse aud rider to be composed of flesh, blood and bone, like myself ymd my steed, and knew that nnder the cir cumstances a collision was inevitable. We were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or of pulling up our horses. We were as certain to run into each other as the Camperdowu into the Victoria when Admiral . Tiyon gave Ma fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shock. A couple of seconds j suspense and nothing happening, I opened 1 them again. Another flash of lightning come, and lo ! my horseman had disappeared, and I could see right np the straight : lane tp the white gate at the end. I pulled up, turned round and at the next flash i looked back whence I had come. The lane , was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields on either ride of the gorse ; hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of ample bewilderment. The horseman must have called at the house in order to get the key of the gate into the lane, but enquiry there only latenrified the mystery, as so one had called einoe' I left five hours previonsly. and the gate was, .88 usual, securely padlocked for the lane was a private one and "no thoroughfare1' to foe general public. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live ghost. 