CHURCH OF ENGLAND, MA RONG. “WHY DO PARSONS WANT MONEY ?" The anniversary tea meeting and concert of this church was held last evening, Notwith standing the rainy weather and the heavy state of the roads there a very large attend- ance, tbo building being urowdod. At the concert tbo incumbent, tbo Rev E. H. Scott, presided. During tbo ovoning bo gave an addross on tbo question, “ Why do Parsons want Money?" “It'js.a practical qneslion,” said Ibo reverend gentleman, “1 think I can giro a straight answer. Tbo olorgy need money so as to do tboir special work effec tually. Our work is to proaob tbo gospel—to rovivo ' dead spirits, to communicate tbo powers of life, to load men to ChrUt, that by tboir oontaot with tbo living Christ tbo Holy Ghost'may bo received by them to such extent that they shall live true lives and do tbo will of Qod—wbiob is manifest in what is oallod piety, morality and duty. la doing Ibis wo bave no time to do that work wbiulrootnmnnds 0 money return, Wo havo to ask' those to whom wo have oommuoicatod spiritual life, or to wboso spiritual progress wo are able to maintain us—as Prolostants do not believe in a colibnto olorgy—our wives and obil. dron too. Secondly, wo must have, monoy with wbiob to do our spiritual work. 1 bavo found over and over again in life, that it I had only sab down at homo and smoked my p|po I could have done without a good deal of tbo money that 1 bad to got As soon as you move ‘hong goes saxpanoo,’ This morning I spent Is 6a—6d for oab to Bendigo, 6d back, and Qd for throe letters —and 1 was no more called upon to spend that money than that child yonder, it was dono for the benefit, comfort, and -welfare of others, 1 don’t begrudge that oigbtoonponoo. 1 was glad that 1 was able to do' tbo service that Is 6d enabled; mo to do. . I want to do a : lot more of suob work. - Other clergyman want to do tbo'same. Honoo th 6 necessity of money for tbo parson. But-now I have tried to stimulate a generous sentiment; lot mo give you a word of caution. I only ask for monoy for the parson that, ho may do bln own special and' peculiar work the , more effectually. No doubt there are parsons and parsons: No doubt there aro, os wo have boon told,.H»* selfish,, unworthy parsons the oium* * nB tboro are, or wore, members Parliament who wore -- well! not por'etf as :tho Archangel. 1 aon t' sea foe-'taonoy that men—called clergymen—should consume It on tboir lusts, and appetites, and pleasures,. Bpo before you give your money that tbo man receiving it is a man of God—ono >vbo when bo preaches does not call forth tbo'bans by , referring to your dead baby, op the laugh oy dishing up soiifo-' Btalp oppslput, In preaching no doubt tboro gro tears and laughter s but tbo tears come of that Godly sorrow that loads to repentance, and tbo laughter is tho laughter cif tho glodnoss of lifo—tbo lifo that is so, full of joy beoauao so full of .God,,; It may . perhaps aoabd liko egotism Jto somo fqr the .prdaqbor of* -righteousness to magnify biis',office. But tbo proaohyr must surgly know the,, nature aod .BtyjSd.of his offioou The. apostles did, They' rtffußod to sdcye ovdp,, wljso it- tpoint irapwrod, i>o\yov . plf .prottflbing ' (bo goapol. \YhfttoYOf hoipa to save limo inoroasoa energy op oensorvea strength.' Help tbo clergyman in proaobing this' gospel. Money does this, Money moans ibo motal receipt of labor dono or ability used. Tbo monoy you plaoo at ibo disposal of tho preacher moans, Ihotoforo, both power of work uud ability. And ouroly wo cannot havo 100 much or too much ability at our dispos'd. Think what wo nru passionately braving to do—to lend dead souls into life ; to give Christ to orphan spirits ; to plant immortal nature* in that rich soil of Deity, which moans to thu mortal being rooted and grounded in lovo, shedding tb.o sunshine of a spiritual spring upon tho hard, barren winter of sin, making (bo despairing fool God loves thorn and- the solitary that Christ is tholr brother. ” Tho oonoort, which was well enjoyed, was opened by a piano duct by tho Misses Twohill and Lyons. Songs were givon by Misses Lyons, Slattery, Daly, and Andrew, and Mosers Armstrong, Grenfell, Duly, Andrews, Walker, and W. E. Jones, and recitations by Misses Elliott and Sampson. At tho' con clusion a comprehensive vote of thanks to all who bad assisted was carried on tho motion of Mr Goulden, seconded by Mr Uundio. “God save tho Quoen” was then sung, and an enjoyable re-union terminated. 