TO PRODUCE A GHOST. NOTHING EASIER. CONCERNING SPOOK PHOTO GRAPHY. The spirit photos presented in a recent issue of THE HERALD, in connection with the exposure in Sydney, make specially interest- ing an interview lately published in a London paper. It is as follows :- "Nothing is easier. I can turn you out ghosts by the dozen. They can be done to order just like anything else less ethereal. As a matter of fact, the beginner in our pro- fession is often a ghostmaker quite against his will. They come without his bidding, and disgusted enough he gets with them when they present themselves to him where he would fain have conjured the counterfeit of flesh and blood upon his plate." We were standing in a large Baker street photographic studio ; a thousand children's faces beamed down from the walls, for is not Mr Faulkner par excellence the photographer of children? Of ghosts there were none, apparently, but we had appealed to Mr Faulkner for some explanation of GHOSTS IN THE CAMERA, because it is said that next to ghosts children are the most difficult "objects" to photo- graph, and we felt convinced that, in his wide experience, Mr Faulkner must occasionally have crossed the thin border which divides the child and the ghost, these next-door neighbors in the photographers, camera. The immediate fact which led to the invasion by the "Westminster Gazette" of Mr Faulkner's studio was the bona-fide photography of a ghost. A young girl had been photographed, in a private room, by an amateur photographer, who, so far, declines to believe in ghosts. When the photograph was developed there appeared behind the figure of the girl In classic gar- ments another face— shadowy, but perfectly vislble— the face, apparently, of a man with towzly hair and a dark moustache, bending over the girl's shoulder. There was no trickery of any kind : the plate had not been tampered with ; no one had interfered while tho photographing was In process. HOW CAME THIS GHOST ON THE PLATE? Mr Faulkner, as an expert, was asked to explain, "It is the best ghost I have ever seen on a photograph," this gentleman ex- plained, after a minute examination of the plate, "and how it has got there I cannot exactly tell. Though, mind you," added Mr Faulkner, with the ghost of an amused smile, "I am no more a believer in ghosts than you are. There are various ways in which an im- pression of this kind can be produced on a camera. In the present case I should say that either somebody has passed behind the lady while the plate on which she was being photographed was exposed, or a reflection on some window or glass-door has produced the effect. Any photographer can MANUFACTURE A GHOST FOR YOU with the greatest ease For instance, if I give a long exposure to a plate, and during tho exposure some one— perhaps draped in a sheet— appears for a moment behind the sitter, and then disappears again, a faint impression appears, of course, on the plate. When I first took to photography, years ago, I often amused myself and my assistant by producing ghosts in this way. And beginners In photography very often produce ghosts against their wills by incor- rectly focussing the object they are about to photograph. "Then, again, It is very easy, for anyone inclined to do so to hoax Spiritualists and other people of fervent faith. An impression may be made on a plate and covered up. Afterwards, when a believer imagines that a ghost is present and might be caught in the camera, the plate is exposed once more and both Spiritualist and "ghost " appear In the photograph. It is truly marvellous how some of the good people who go in for spiritualism and kindred sciences allow them- selves to be duped. We have had several instance of this kind. Some time ago an old gentleman, a barrister, who had a very good position In the colonies, lived over here, just round the corner. He was a great faith- healer and spiritualist; a clever old fellow, I should say, and thoroughly in earnest about his occult science. His wife died, and he came here one morning saying that he would like to be photographed. He would bring what he called his battery, and he thought THE SPIRIT OF HIS WIFE would appear on the plate. Of course, I had to keep serious ; it was not my business to ex- press an opinion about the spirit. Presently he came in, and with him was a party of men and women. These were his "battery." I put him in position for a photograph, and the battery sat behind him in a semicircle, far enough away not to come into the focus of the camera. Presently, a member of the battery, a wretched-looking little cobbler, began to groan and wriggle and to go into all kinds of contortions. "He can't help it" a young lady of the party informed me ; "nor can he help talking in that strange way. He is in a trance, possessed by THE SPIRIT OF AN INDIAN CHIEF It was well she explained, for the fellow began to talk In a would-be foreign accent, the most absurd and idiotic stuff I have ever listened to. Sometimes he forgot himself, and talked in his own Cockney tongue, but then he pulled himself together again, and we had a little more of the Indian chief. It was a great joke, but I was sorry for the poor old man who was deluded by these people. When the photograph was taken, the young lady of the party insisted upon comlng into the darkroom to see what was on the plate. Of course there was nothing except the fine figure of the old Colonel, but she turned to me and said, in a very superior tone, "To you it does not ap- pear so, because your eyes are not opened ; but I see millions and millions of angels on this plate. " Another time, now a good many years ago, we had a curious experience with people of this class. A very lovely young lady, of a well-known aristocratic family, had been photographed and painted by us several times. She married, and after some years her husband came to us very sadly, and he would like ui to send down to his house for tho purpose of taking A PHOTOGRAPH OF THEIR DEAD BABY. When our man got there, the tiny child which had only lived an hour, could not pos- sibly be photographed, but the husband In sisted on having a likeness of the child. So one of our artists made a drawing, and as the photograph was absolutely useless, he made it as well as he could after the likeness of the baby's beautiful mother, which was hang ing in thelr studio. When It was finished the father came one morning to look at the picture. He stood before it for some time, and then went away, saylng he would be back presently. Some hours later he came back, rather excited, and asked to see the portrait again. He stood in front of it, and then asked that the upper part of the face should be covered up, When we had done so, he said, with intense satisfaction, "Yes, it is the child ; I recognise it by the lower part of the face." The man, after leaving us that morning, had gone 'to a medium and asked to be shown the face of his dead child. How they managed it all I cannot tell, but he cer- tainly came back to us with the impression that our drawing was the portrait of the angel child he had seen in the medium's room' 