Queensland Art Society Annual Exhibition. An inspection of the pictures collected by the Queensland Art Society for their annual ex- bibition, to be opened to-morrow (Tuesday), produces an impression of the excellence of some individual paintings and the promise for the future of much undeveloped talent shown in others. Mr. Godfrey Rivers, who is seen at his best in landscape, in Italian scenery, has an admirable painting, "Shower on the Cam- pagna." The watery appearance of the dis- tant hills and the rainbow, with its reflection, are very cleverly treated. The colouring is, perhaps, a little too gray. Not so suc- cessful is "Brisbane from Bowen Terrace." The first impression is not pleasing, and the wisdom of occupying so large a central space with an expanse of water is questionable; the picture improves upon acquaintance, and further contemplation reveals merits not at first ap- parent. The streak of bright sunlight in juxtaposition to the dark reddish rock is well arranged, the light and shadow in the water are pleasing, and some effects of distance in the golden haze are good. Another picture, after a quite different style, is called "High Mass," and represents the interior of a church during that function. The figures are well portrayed, and tho pervading gray tones are relieved by the bright scarlet vestments of the three as- sistant priests, for which the dark shadows of high curved stalls from an appropriate background. The picture will bear consider- able study, aud reveals -a' completeness in tlio minutio of details, which, without being laboured, is satisfying to tlio artistic sense. Thrco. panels for a clipboard, embodying tho legends,- Erl Konig, Siutran, and Undine, are bold iu . conception, but .cannot bo fully appreciated owing io tho light. The most noticeable picture i3 a fine sunset by "W. Jonncr, which, though something similar in colouring, to other works by tho sumo artist, is much superior in execution; it is entitled, "The Towing Away of tho Old Dread nought." The hull of tho great three-decker forms tho central point of tho piuturo. Numerous small boats, filled with sailors, m o afloat 011 tho river, uud ship, buildings, und stream, are aglow with tlio orinnon light of tho lurid sunset, u fitting setting for tlio departure of tho old battleship. The work lias been 111 progress during 20 years, and is of high artistic merit. Mr..O. C. Smith exhibits some excollent examples 'of flower painting' iii three sprays of roses. Tho arrangement is iu two eases slightly conventional, but tbo painting is exceedingly good. A landscape, "On the Bris- bane River," by the same artist, has some very pleasing effects ; the treatment of the gum trees is somewhat peculiar, but is similar to that adopted by many first-class artists. Mr. Rielly, of Stanthorpe, shows some really clever work; his best and largest picture, "Ghost Gully," has the true bush character. Some defects there are, amongst them, a want of contrast in the colouring of the granite boulders, and of boldness in their portrayal ; in others of his paintings, he shows a tendency to give a disagreeable prominence to certain bright spots of colour in the foreground, notably in a sketch of "Aplin's Creek," in which the eye is actually assailed by the brilliant scarlet plumage of some parrots' breasts. A portrait of Ald. John A. Clark, by Edward Fristrom, is a fair likeness, though conveying an idea of length and narrowness ; the pains- taking care lavished on minor accessories of dress is somowhut. strongly in evidence. "Ill tho Opera," by the same artist, is tho jiortruit of a lady, and is strongly "painted, showing somo 'character, but tho effect of dark-red shudows uusoftenod by half- tones is crude and unplciisiug ; more successful is tlio portrayal of a "Queensland Black Gin." .Tho lioad is powerful, and tlio colour and toxturo of llio skm skilfully 'reproduced, ' albeit the drapery is spniowiiat too neatly arranged. Two bright littlo sketches called " Camping Out," together with sorno-less lucrctorious work, nre shown by tho samo artist. Mr. Addison's delineation of " Virgin Scrub iu tlio Bluckall Ranges" de notes considerable' progress ; the Hky is inclined to ho Kurd, und a too groat elaboration of detail detracts something from tlio otherwise .good effect, of the wiiolo ; Die greens might also with advantago lio a tviflo; warmer. Miss L. G. Mitchell lias u picture of " Higiilund Cuttle " plodding through tho snow, uud a " Tug of War," representing two dogs fighting over u atiok, and wutched by a third. The drawing is faulty, hut tho work is indicntivo of futuro oap'aoilitles. .T. Mather is well represented liy Rovoral very nlcusing littlo pictures, "A Gljinpso of tlio' Hill's, 1 ' in which gray tones predominate, witli broken mist wreathes-' -on tho mountain side, is vory acceptable, nnd asuflttiiig pomlaiit miglit ho. selected a cliurming littlo suiishiuy bit of soqnoiy, "A Mountain Track." "Sum mer Soils " is a curious little study iu blues und greens with a strip of white sand. " On thoEdgoof tho Scrub," by J. L. Watts, isu very, pvotty littlo picture, othors, "A Bush Sawmill,!' "Swan's Camp,!' &o.;, urn finely finished and ' equally pleasing. A.Snnvenir of '98," ropreseuting liidooroopilly liridgo us it looked some' months ugo, and "Banks of the Brisbane, North Quay," uro well finished hut somewhat weak in. colour. . . G. ..Wishart is represented by two lingo sea pieces, sbowfug Moraton Bay on 11 tiiio briglit day und in a shani, both givo oyidenco of careful study of tlio sea iu its various moods. " Hyiinoy Heads, " another samplo of his work, is very pleasing, anil "Sunset, Enoggerii." though a different stylo, is a reposeful and grateful pic ture. L, IV. K. Wirtli gives evidouoo of 0011- sidornblo iudusjiy, und sonio improvement, in tlio nrany pictufus hq oxliibits. Homo and its neighbourhood, inn woll portrayed in several pictures by W. G. AVilsoii, iintubly ."Oil tlio 1'alatino," " AVintorE veiling by tlioTiber, ueuv Hoiny,"imd othors. ' A " Fishing Boat ou the Java Scu"'sliowspuouliarcolouriiig, aud a qnuint littlo bout,, with. n patoli of scarlet oil tho suit. Tlio loan collection iuoludos somo vory finu pictures, - Toniors, entitled "Gamblers," lent by Dr. Murks; two liindseapes, a "Rural , Seoub " ufid' "Sunny Glado," by Koekkook, both of -which, liuvii . lo'vely. effects of iigjit uud shudo.- .A. ijhio, portrait, jtlio" property , of )f,. Thomson)) aiid .puiiitcd by Normuh Macbeth, miglit servo iis it study, in flip treatment of tho shudows anil half topes, to '.lnnny aspiring portrait painters.- A11 excnllcni-. o ' Homosteud," by J. Mullier, lout -by Mr. Murray bmith, is hung suinuwhat loo liigli to bo thoroughly appreciated, and tho snino applies to a black uud white, " Olovully," by E. W. Waito, tlio truo - climnctor ot wbicli cannot ho . quite determined at tlio distance. The iiiuo pictures of tbo lute Charles E. Hcrno aro fiuoly finislnai wuter-colour drawings, representing prinoipally uhurohes and other- architectural subjects, 111 English towns. Thoy aro vury soft m tono, and liuvo good atnio- spherio effects. Outsido tho loan collcotioii the number of wutor-eolours is hut small. Amongst them uro several works of tlio lute E. Raymont— "On tho Thames," uuoxamplopf liis most successful style, mid a hltiok-iiml- wliito.' study of-'.mi uboriginul; with > other sketches. .lamcB-M'Lay- exhibits two Scotuli scenes — " Tfurvost Field nour fctirliug" and "Stirling Ciistlofrom Baiinookhmui" — "Even ing," a very pretty sketch, besides several otuffi-s. T. Martyn Roberts . displays very dousiderahlo ability in somo of lus work; whother employed in a right direction aud io tho bust advantago is questionable.. L. W; K. Wirtli, litis two very pretty littlo hits, '.'Bulimha Point, Ilrishnno River, "oind " Parker -Islandif ' v. A group of- Aoalyphiis. foliage, by Mrs. M. E. M'Buinoy, is iioid m dp- 'sign ami brilliant 111 colour; imd W. Jonnor lias two largo : drawings — "Tlio Needles;" Normandy, in wliioh tlio sky is heavy and tlio colouring peculiar, and un Old Broakwiitcr," Newhuvpn. "Moiitone," by Rov. A. 11. Rivers, and " Iimidi Bauds," uro both iiioritorions..- . J. Mather lias ulso several very pleasing drawings. No' Kculptnvo will be .placed anionest.tho ox-- hibits, tliough some may be. used for -purposes, of decoration. - , - ,1 