''sinning in vain. BY HARRY BLYTII, »? [all maim deserved.] r\ IS TWO CH Al'XEHB. — 1. ; Taey wero both beautiful ia distinct way*, anil tbo ono bote no rcscmblance to Iho other. | Nora Royco was fair nnd airy. Flaxen locks, I largo bluo eyes, and a slight figure suggested | an ctherealism which was wautiug in tho j broader lines of tlio passionately dark Ilctty ! Melton. They both wero seen to their best j aavanuigo wuen togoincr. auo very maricea difference in their charms heightened tuo effcct. Perhaps this is why thoy had so quickly t&kon; to ono another. Fortuno had been as arbitrary In her treatment to them aa Naturo. Nora had ?no pedigreo to boast of, but sho possessed wealth. Hetty could traco her dcscent through ? tho centuries, but could not always command a £5*noto. Society gavo them au equal amount o! welcome, for, after all, gold docs atono tor lack of auccstry if thcro bo 11 good stylo ' with it. At the timo this narrative opens, Hetty Melton was staying with hor friend's parents at thoir handsomo country houso in Devonshire. The soft fragranco of tho second crop of hay filled tho air. Thcro was boating on the river, which ran through tho grounds. Sea trips waco to bo had within easy driving distance. -Sport was plentiful, and thcro Were delightful walks and rides' round them, to sav nothing of the rich orchards, 'junket*,' and dotted cream. It was a satisfying chaugo from tho dust of Lon dou. Thero was much visiting and receiving of guests, so tho lively Hetty had no excuso for ? complaining of dulness. Indeed, eho would been completely happy but for tho pang which tho contrast between her frieud's wealth aud her own nccdlincrs occasioncd. - Her hopo was a rich marriage, and this, she promised herself, was far from boing an im possible contingency. It was gratifying for her to see that Nora persistently loft tho field to herself when dcsirablo men wero in tho houso. This attitude on tho part of her friend puzzled her not a Iittlo. Sho considered^ it quito at varianco with a girl'u proper instincts. But then sho had always looked ou Miss Itoyco as beiug a simplctou, and ono easy to beguilo in any reckoning. M Tho day will bo gono beforo wo start,' sho said whh petulanco ono fino morning, as sho sat watching Nora busy at hor pretty Iittlo writing desk. Hetty had beeu dressed for quite a quarter of an hour, so tlioro was somo reason for het show of impationco. ?* Wo shall -never get to 13arum and back in timo for lunch.' 41 Oh, yes, wo shall,' returned Nora, turning her briglit faco up. ' I shan't , be. a moracut, dear. I must finish this letter.' V Thorn will bo timo ouougb for that later on'. The bag is not collected uutil four.' 11 Thero tiro somo letters,' was tbo grave answer, u which ono does not care to ' trust in tho bag— some, you know, Hotty, ouo prefers to post oneself.' ** Only lovo lottors.' Hetty spoko with con tempt and tossed her raveu head. 11 Be that as it may,' laughed Nora, M I havo finished now, aud it won't tako me two minutes to dress.' 8ho was as good as her word, but then sho hod only to put her hat on. During tho drivo into tho old town thoy chatted together merrily, aud tho subject of thto letter scorned to be forgotten by lotu. At tho voat ofllco Hetty's keen eyes wutched tho missive as it dropped into tho box. 11 Thtre !' sho cxclaimcd, u I was right after all. It is a lovo letter. I saw * Esquire ' on tho back. ? M Well,' answered Nora calmly, ?? supposing it is ? Surely, I may havo my little * affair ' as well as anyono elso. Besides, papa and . , mamma know all about it.' ? M What a sly wretch you are,' said Hetty, 41 you havo novor breathed a word of it to' me.' i ' I wanted to glvo you a surprise. Ho is coming down here in a fow days. I hopo you will liko him.' : ( ' Take care he docs not liko mc,' returned Hetty jestingly. M Of course, ho is hiudsome, rich, and all that sprt of thing.' i 11 You doii't suppose I would engago myself to a clown,' said Nora iu tho samo bantering spirit. 11 Not ono has ever met Georgo 1'airfux and not liked him.' A Mlln* ivnrer. tl.fln flmf r.F .lnnll. Hetty's face. For a moment sho felt that her senses had left her. All was so dark. Sho so quickly recovered that this brief emotion was Unnoticed by her companion. 14 Georgo Fairfax,' sho repeated, 14 1 think I was introduced to him at tho Wises'.' , ?? What fun,' cried tho delighted Nora, 'I am so glad you know ono another. It will bo a sui prise to him to see you hero.' ?* It will,' was tho ciuphntio rejoinder. M What a dull hole this Uarum is,' sho went on. '* I shall bo glad when you havo douc your shopping. These narrow utrcots boro mo terribly.' 11 You don't look well, dear. How impatient you wero to get In re, and now you aro iu quite a big hurry lo act home. I liavo donu all 1 \- wanted to do. Wo will drive back at once.' 14 Did you only come hero to post that letter?' I 14 That's nil.' ? ' ' 44 Then,' said Hotty, sarcastically, 14 you can never have had a lover before.' . '* I should lmvc married Gerald Elvrin.' was tho quiet reply, tho voice shaking a Iittlo with emotion, 44 but ho died. It wan a great sorrow , to mo. But God has been good to mo. He has helped mo to forget a little:' 14 1 could not love moro than once,' dcclarcd Hotty decisively. Thcro was a queer gleam in her oyes as sho spoko. Back again iu tho hou3c, and alono for a Iittlo in her own room, the girl gavo expression to tho feelings which held aud swayed her. She did not speak her feelings aloud, for folks out* . sldo a lunatic asylum raroly do. Her thoughts took pretty much this form. 44 Why couldu't she havo left Georgo Fairfax alono ? No wonder sho has been so indifferent to overy mau About this place. Sho says sho is engaged to him. This engagement, if thero bo omvmusb bo of recent dutc. Only two short mouths ago beseemed devoted to tne, and lieuvou kuows 1 lovo him. It is truo ho never proposed, but ho led mo on — led tuo on to drcuin my dreams. Ho must bo taught that ho . cannot play fast and loose with mo iu such a . way as this. It is lueky I um hero as lto is . coming. Thoy aro not (parried. My dear Nora, 1 am afraid you novor will bo Mrs. Fairfax. To :.v those who have shall ho given, say tho Scrip . Aturen, but my lovo is worth all her money, and ? f so I will prove to him. To think that she fihuuld como between *»o and him. Tho very tii n i« maddening to me. IIow wicked it, - mil I feel.' ? In a,!iui of these perturbing thoughts Hetty r v iWorrf u dibonuuir manner ut lunch, and dirt v L cun- d tlio merits of Mr. Georgo Fairfax with '*v intjuli vivacity. Nora's father introduced tho buwjrcl, and inughod merrily at his daughter's \- tuumicn on the matter of her engagement. ? M1 liko George,' ho snid heartily, 4,andl . . nm sure my daughter will bo happy with him. : By tho way,' lie added, 44 his friend Walter 'Gould i' coming with him, and u Iittlo bird ' -v.hus whispered to ino that hu is n great admirer ? of you, llutty.' V I havo met him a fow times,' was tho do* :muro iiuswor. 41 Possibly ho may havo good tiste, hut beyond that he has nothing to recom \- uicnii.hiin.' . . 4^ Yuu incan ho is poor P Well, that is so, but it seuuis oxlroiuoly probablo that when his ». uueht dies ho will be a very wealthy mau.' ? 441 hopo so fqr bis sake,' said Hetty, v. Tlio fuot that Walter Gould was coming with Georgti Nii-fax was unpleasaut news to Hetty. b!«» Imuw that he would ho for ever at her In elH, Hiid this would soriously interfere with ' ilie oomplelo monopoly of his friend t-ho had p/oinlsed herself. Her irritation mado hor he* \- ? jiovo that the Fates thoiuselvcs wero leagued against lifer, ' When tho two young men arrived, Walter's iitleutions to her left her Iittlo or no onpor ' . itiuity of winning Fairfax from tho side of Nora. This was exasperating to the last degree, crfpcoiuJJy as her coldness only increased Mr. : Gould's urdour, j 44 Why do you persist in tuntalising so ?' j Buid tho last-named gentleman, ono evcuing, when ho and Hetty found themselves alono among tho trees. 44 1 tantalise you P' cried tho girl. 41 Really, iui« vjuuiu, a viuu v uiiuuiavumi miuw juw iuvhii. . 44 Nonsense,' ho returned hotly, 41 you know quito well that I lovo you, that I nm devoted to you. One day you uro kindness itself, and thu ? next we meet as s^raugers. This iu not fair treatment, Hetty, und I am too passionuto to tolorute it any longer. You hold my heart. Toll me truly whether I may hope ever to win j ours 41 It is a rough tvooiug,' sho said with a smile. 44 But an honest one,' ho pleaded. 41 1 shall never love again as I lovo you. Hotty, bo kiud tome. Glvo jno tho right to call you my ovvu to tho end of our days.' IIo looked llushcd, oarnest, wistful. Sho wr* quite calm, and there was no sign of affec tiou n. hor cold guuo. ' Mr. Guild,' she suid, 14 1 am sorry this has hupi-cn«d, 1 nrude^ tUftt 1 1$^ ' any Koch bej-o in your brx-ant. I *hnll alwaya chrnnh your friendship. I should he doing you a grcAt wrong if 1 allowed you to ho|-o for more.' A deep sigh (neaped him. 4% I am hearily hit,' he murmured, 44 but even this is better than tho torturo of the un certainty I havo endured tho last few weeks. I shall leave horo to-morrow, and it is possiblo we may not meet again.' 41 X shall always bo glad to see you,' sho an swered, in a low tone, and they walked back to tho houso in silcnco. She was too restless to rer^uin long iudoors. Sho was glad to steal out into tho open air again, aud bo with her own thoughts. By tho ; river sho met Georgo Fairfax, who asked her if | sho had seen Gould. I 14 Ho wont into tho house a Iittlo whilo ago,' I sue replied. ** l liavo uooyec congraiuiaicu you on your engagement/' sho added ; 41 in deed, this is the first tirnn wo havo beeu to gether siuco you havo been hero.' 44 Yes 1' something in her tone mmlo him search her faco with iutcrest. 44 1 hope 1 shall bo able to felicitate Gould on bis good fortune. Havo you accepted him P' 44 No. How can you a&k; 6uoh & question ? Havo you forgotten all that has passed botween you and me ? It is ono life, ono lovo, with mo.' She put her arm in his, and looked up into his faco pitcously. 44 Good heavens, Hetty,' ho cried iu dis tress, 44 do not talk in that strain. Wo havo flirted, it is true, but I always imagined it was Gould you eared for. Now that ho has como into money thero is no reason why you should ! not marry.' 44 You may despise mo if you like,' sho said, 44 but the truth will out. I thought you had sot your heart on mo, and tho awakening from my dream is as bitter ad death.' 41 Poor girl, poor girl.' Ho tried to soothe borwithteuderspccehcs. Beforo thoy joined tho others he had kissed her aa a brother might a sister. w 4- Ho lovctf mo still,' she said to herself ; 4( ho loves mo still, aud I will win him yot. I am glad I did not know that Gould has money It might bavo altered my answer to him, and I should havo lost Georgo for over.' On the following morning Gould returned to London, and, a fow days afterward.4, Georgo Fairfax followed him. CHAPTER II. 14 Walter, my boy, you look as thin as a lathe and as palo as a ghost. Women . have a splendid theory that men do not feel love dis appointments, but your affair with Hotty Moltou seems to havo knocked you over altogether.' Tho speaker was Georgo I'airf&x;, aud. tho place his snug chambers in tho Albany. 44 1 feel horribly seedy. Tho worst of it is I can't drivo hor out of my mind. I know I am a confoundod ass to bother myself any moro about her, but I can't help it. Do you know, Georgo, I sometimes fancy sho lovos you.'. 14 1 hopo not,' was tho steady roply. 41 Funny how tho obstinacy of human naturo makes peoplo do the wrong tiling. Folks seem to tako a delight in breaking thoir own hearts, just as children liko to tear up thoir toys. I am not suro that in the old days I might not havo pro Eosed to Hotty, but I always regarded her as elonging to you. Of course, you kuow you havo no rival in me, old boy p' 44 Oh, yes. Unfortunately that does not help matters. Bilboo has placed his yacht at my disposal, and I think of * doing ' tho Mediter ranean. Bo a good fellow and join me.' 41 Thanks. Frankly, I must decline. The lovo sick ltomco is never a pleasant com panion, and there's metal at homo moro attrac tive. If Hetty had accepted you, you would not ruu away. You seo I havo Nora—' ,4 Excellent reason,' said Walter, with an attempt at a smile, 44 and I accept it. Tho trip promises to bo a delightful ouo,** 44 1 am suro I wonld enjoy it -voro I frco.' His servant entered with a !ctter for him. *( Just a moment,' sftd Georgo to his fricnd9 44 I'll seo what ibis is.' Tho conteuts of tho ej^stlo changed his whole mauuer, sont tho blood from his cheeks, tho light from his oy^s* *4 Excuso mo fo9 a few minutes,' he said to Gould. 44 1 must answer this atonco. Don't go away. I may go with you to tho Mediter ranean after all.' Alono in another room ho buriod his faco in his hands and groaned aloud. Tho communica tion ho had rccoivcd was sufficient to upset a man of oven stronger nerve. Tho cnvelopo coutainod threo letters. The first ono he read ran thus Tho two notes I encloso explain them selves and n.od no comment from mo. Having your wcJfuro nt heart, 1 am an xious to savo you from tho wiles of au unscrupulous flirt, whoso vanity is ouly equaled by her hoartless wickedness. The euclosuro^ consisted of two letter*:— on^ iu its own envelope 'addressed to *' Miss Nora Royco.' It had passed through tho post ai d had been opened. It was from n man who signed himself 44 Gerald,' and it contaiucd terms of such passionate devotion as ouly nn accepted lover would venturo to pen. Tho other was without any cover. It was iu Nora's Imtid . writing, which Fairfax knew so well. That t;«o, breathed nlfectiou iu every liuo. Tho ovidenco of Nora's faithlessness seemed over whelming to him. The blow was a crushing ono. It was his naturo to t-cb ou the impulse of tho moment. The uotc addressed to her aud tho 0110 sho had written ho immediately despatched to her, accompanied by a terse request for an explana tion. To Waller Gould I10 said, 44 1 havo had somo news which has upset mo. I shall ho bad com pany for you to-day, so you had bettor loavo mo to myself. I suppose you wou't start for a few days. Give mo to tho cud of tho week, and then I will say whether I cau go with you or not.' | Gould thought it unwiso to press for any explanation then. So ho left his fricud with a shake of tlio hand, which was intouded to bo sympathetic. As quickly as tho postal nrrangeinonts would allow, Fuiiiax received u reply from Nora. It was ono calculated to convinco him of her duplicity. She thanked hitn for returning to her the two letters which had beeu stolen from her desk. Slio requested that ho would also let her have hack the diamond brooch which had boen taken at tho sumo time. lie lore tho missive into fragments, and wrotu a fow liUQty lines to Walter to tho cfifect that ho was quito reudy to start at any momcut. 44 What has happened butweon you and George ??,said Hotty to Nora ono morning ; MI um suro you have had n quarrel.' 4,No quarrel,' was her tiad roply. 4,Wo have parted for over. Ho has beou guilty of a vory mean triok,. I. have nothiug but contempt for him.' \ . ? ? .^'4! Doti't talk liko that,' Hotty cried 44 ho will, cuino down hero, and all will bo explained.' \- 41 IIo canuot como down here. He hns gone abroad.' Hetty sank into a chair. 41 Gono abroad ?' sho tepeatcd, in a hopeless voice. 44Why didn't he como horo first ? Where has ho gone to P' 41 1 do not kuow. I do uot want to know.' Nora's silent grief was sad to see. As tho days passed, she grew thinner, and moro hollow bccaino her oyes. Hetty suffered iu a different way, and perhapsharder, for sho had to assumo u lively manner sho was fur from feeling. Tho possibility of Georgo Fairfax guing away had never occurred to her. Sho had schemed to sepurato ltim from Nora, aud win him for herself, aud now sho waB farther from her goal thuu over. Ho had nothing of moment to keep him iu England. Ho might remain away for years, or ovcu settle abroad. It added more gall to her bitterness of spirit to learn that Walter Gould had accompanied him. Sho had lost both when sho thought her self most clever. Nora's fragile frame horo up badly over this, hor second lovo disappointment. Tho doctors had to bo called in, nnd a variety of remedies wero tried, aud iu vain, Thero wero no drugs that could kill tlio canker eating away her hraiu and preying ou her heart. Fiually tho iuevitablo 44chango of sceuo' was recommended, and a sojourn in tho islnud of Sicily determined on. Mr, Uoyco begged Hotty Melton to ac company his daughter, aud this young lady vlvv gladly accepted tho offer. Sho needed something to distract her gnawing thoughtB As much as tho acknowledged invalid did. They had not been many days in Palermo beforo thoy came face to face with Wulter Gould and Georgo Fairfax. Tho latter turned liis oyes iu another direc tion, but Walter remained a minute or bo in conversation with them. 44 Wo must clear out of here,' 6aid George, when his friend rejoined him, 44 1 can't breathe tho samoatuiosphero with that girl.' 'My dear Fairfax,' returned the other, 4,wbat your dispute with Miss Royco may bo I do not kuow, lor you havo not thought it wiso to enlighten mo ou that point. 1 have seen the girl i Jove, und 1 am going to mako n second attempt to wiu her. I shall stay hero u month. If you care to cruit-o about during this iuterval do so by all moans. Hero I remain. ' 41 Plain speaking at alt events,' said George. 44 You may remember that thero was Eomeouo who cursed his 4 eaudid friend,' but I am not likely to take that courso with you. I shall returu to tho yacht nt once, and — well, I wish you hottor luck with your wurryiug eohemo thau I had my sell.' ? ? II Good,' Uughcd Walter, 44 but don'l forget lo call for me this day month or thereabout*.. That evening ho called on tho two girls. Hetty's first question was, 44 What have you dono with your friend ?'' 44 Oli, answered Walter, M ho does not c /ire for Palermo. Ho Ins suled away.' Hetty's heart fell at this news. It had 1S0 visible cfTcct on Nora. Sho felt that thcro could bo no future for her with Georgo Fairfax, Tho shocking chango which had como over Nora deeply cxcitcd Gould's sympathy* IIu paid her considerable attention, and in tbo cx? cursions they mado daily afterwards I10 was always Tit her side, rendering her a thousand*. and*one little scrvicrs. His bohaviour excited all tho irritation and jealousy in Hetty's nature. She began to think that after all she could tolerato Gould, especially as bo was now wealthy. Sho was angry witlihersclf forhaving rejected him. There seemed to ho noehance of securing Georgo Fairfax. It was annoying to sec Nora taking up all Walter's time. Hetty wondered whether ho hid lost or forgottcu his old passiou for herself. Why should both theso men run after that 14 poor ghost of iv thing,' Nora P 41 You look wondrously well, Mr. Gould,' she said to him ono afternoon, as thoy sat watch* ing tho bluo sea kissing tho yellow stones,. Nora had felt too ill to go out with them. 'It is not long siuco you wero quito mclo dramio iu your misery. I supposo a man is never really 4 heavily hit,' as you call it.' Sho had turned tho conversation in tho pre ciso direction he wishod. ' To bo cuudid with you ,Miss Melton, I felt your rejection keenly. I suffer from it still. Surely you will not wish to seo ono . whining ovcr.it P I can enduro and bear as a man should.' 41 Has tho world not yet taught yoa never to tako a woman's first refusal as a flual one P' She drow herself a Iittlo closer to him as she spoko. 14 Which means— ?' ho spoko slowly, 44 That I have felt as much pain as you. I would not givo you the samo answer now as I did then.' Walter did not let his golden moment slip. Ho put his arm round her and kissed hor with a fervour that Hushed her chcoks aud tangled hcrhair. '%You lovo mo then P' ho cricd, catching his breath with difficulty. 44 Yes, and I always have.' Though it was not so, sho bolioved at that moment sho spoko tho truth. 4-Thero is ouo thing you must do,' sho added after a Iittlo ; 44 you must bring George Fairfax back to Nora.' II I fear that is beyond my power. Ho has never taken mo into his confldenco over thin unhappy enstrangemcut. Ho is quite resolved never to seo her again, and sho evidently docB uot wish to seo him.' 44 Nora ban told mo evcrythiug. 1 havo mado somo iuquirieu myself, and I am sure, Walter, if'wo put our heads togothcr. wo can mako them ouco moro happy. I want it 60 much. I am tired of seeing her so ill pud wrctchcd. I would givo much now to undo tho wrong that bas bccu dono. Nora was ongaged before, you know, at least you don't know, for Nora novcr talks about it to anyono. It is a closed subject. Gerald Elwin was his name. Ho died suddenly. At tho timo it seemed to break her heart. She found her own letters to him among his papers, and theso, with tho ones ho had sont to her, she oheritfhcd. Someone, who had an ill-will to Mr. Fairfax, took ono of each out of hor desk and sont them to him. There wero no dates on them, aud oven on tho envolopo con taining ono tiio p:*tal mark wos unrcaduhlc, as often happens. Mr. Fairfax naturally con cluded that tbese communications were of recent origin, and ho Fcut them back lo Nora with a tiharp nolo. Tho poor girl quito as reason ably concluded that ho had tampered with her desk, und had stolen the notes. So it is iu this way that thin trouble has como about. Sco him aud tell him this. Bring him to her. I went to seo them happy now— now that Ihavo you.' ' I ahould liko to get hold of this 6Cotiudrel who played tho dirty trick,' declared Walte'r, I V I shall only bo too glad to bo tho means of I making matters right between George and Miss I Royco. Poor Tellow ! IIo has suffered almost j as muoh as I have. As for Miss Royco, it is easy to sco that a reconciliation will 6uve her life. Fairfax will ho hero iu a few days now. Wo mutit wait until he arrives. As I don't know whero ho is, it is impossible for mo to cominuuicatc with him.' 1 For a moment Hetty's faco was a study in j perplexity. II»d she impulsively mado a false I move P A Iittlo consideration determined her that bho had. It was too lato now to go back, aud she mndo herself as happy as sho could in tho tenderness which Wulter showered on hor. Nora received tho nows of her friend's ongagc* mcnt to Mr. Gould with genuino pleasure tinged with thu inournfulnc'ss begotten of her own deep and bitter sorrow. It hud been agreed that nothing should bo 6aid to her about tho purloined lotters uutil Georgo Fuirfux himself appeared on tlio sceuo. When at last ho arrived at Palermo, ho listened to Walter Gould's explanations with manifest concern. 'I hayo wronged tho poor girl deeply,' ho said, 14 and sho, quite unknowingly, has wronged mo, I will go to her at ouco.' Tho two friends went, ogether, and thoy found Hetty and N«vra by themselves. 44 1 havo come,' said George, 44 to beg your forgiveness, Nora, for Uio wicked doubts I had about your faithfuluoss to mo. You havo also nursed wrung notions about mo. Thu clouds that havo been between us cnu now be dispelled by my friend hero. Wo hovo been playing at cross purposes. ' I am hopeful that to-day will bring us tho old brightness back agaiu.' Nora looked gladly up at him. Had they been alono it is moro thin probablo a reconcilia tion would havo been effected without tho aid of either Mr. Gould or Hetty. Walter repeated substantially tho story ho bad been told by tho last-named young lady, Nora wds silcut uutil he had finished. Then, with suddoij and unexpected vigour, sho cried— 44 Who explained all this to you ?' Hetty madea movcmcut toprevcntMr. Gould from ausweriug, hut ho did uot ficu it. / 4lWhy, tho deareftt little woman in tho world —my wifo that is lo bo— Hetty Melton.' | ?4lThen,' declared Nora, 4,aho, and she alono, | must bo tl^d thiof. No one, except tlio person who roblied mo and myeelf over knew of my loss. Ob, ) Hetty, Helty,' moaned tho girl, brcoking down, 4,how could you bo so wickedly cruel ? You must havo stolen my brooch, loo, and you knotv how I prized that.' - , Tho men gnzod at each other despairingly. I Thisdenouoment 'wajj totally unexpected. Hotty j Bloltou dfo\7 herself up to hor full height. Her eyes flashed flame*. ».'? - . . '? I ha.viylo^8^ jjiy*ij?st7r sho said in a cold, .ifiow'way, 44 to rcoonoilo you and Mr. Fairfax. Ib seoniol havo suceoedcd. For mypaiusl have q wickciTnccusatlon hurled at me. I think, Nora; that too muoh lovo hno turucdyour brain. Mr. Gould,' cue adaea, turning co uun wiiu quito a grand air, 41 1 shall rely on your help to vindicate my charactcr. Wo had bettor loavu theso peoplo.' Beforo sho roaohed tho door, Walter following her in a doubtful way, it was fluug open ami tho proprietor of tho place iu which they were staying, rushed in, his excitement being bound less. 44 Tho young ladies nro to bo congratulated.' he cricd, 44 a thiuf has been into their rooms. But wo liavo caught him, oh, yes, he is caught. Ho wus iu tho apurtmout of Mdllo. Melton, and very busy with her trunks. IIo had secured this lovoly diamondbroocb, hut wo wero too quick for him, und sec, I havo it hero quito safe. Oh, tho rasculs, tho common thiugs aro not good euough for them.' 44 Thank you,' said Nora, gravely ; 44 that is my brooch.' Hetty looked round her, haughtily. Curiously enough, all her scoru was reserved for poor Walter Gould. 4,1 suppose,' she said, in freezing tones, 44you aro not man enough 1° accompany mo from this houso, where I have been so grossly insulted.' He said nothing. Ho couteutcd himself with bowing profoundly to hor. Sho travelled back to England alono, probably satisfied ou ono point; that it is rather an irritating performance : to slu iu vain. 