THE STORY-TELLE B. HORROR OF STUDLEY GRANGE, ? ? A. DOCTOK'S STORY. PAKT II. ' I am sorry that we have no one io meet you,' he said, after a few remarks of commonplace character had divided ns from the ghost question. ' But to- morrow several friends are coming, and we hope Jon will have a pleasant time. Are you ondof hunting P' I answered that I used to be in the old days, before^ medicine and patients ocoupled sil my though**. 'If this open weather continues, I can , probably give yon some of your favourite pastime/rejoined Sir Henry; 'and now perhaps you would Uko to be shown to your room/ Hy bedroom was in a modern wing of the bouse, and looked a cheerful and as unghostlike as it was possible for a room to be. I did not rejoin my host and host- ess until dinnertime. We bad a sociable little meal, at which nothing of say importance occurred» and shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Studley left Sir fleury and me to ourselves. She gave me another warning glance ss she left the room. I had already-quite made up my mind, however, to tell Sir Henry the motive of my visit. The moment the 4oer closed behind his wife, be started up and. asked me if I would mind coming with him into his library. ' The fact is,' besftid, ' I am particularly glad you have come down. I want to have a talk with you about ray wife. She is ertremly unwell' \- * 1 signified my wjHiingaess to listen to anything Sir Henry might say, and in a few minutes we found ourselves comfort ably established iu & splendid old room, complétai? clothod with books from ceiling to floor. * These are my treasures/ said the baronet, waving his hand iu the direction of an old bookcase, whicli contained, I saw at a glance, some very rare and precious first editions. * These ate nay friends, the companions of my hours of so&igde.-; Now sit down, Dr. Halifax; make/ yourself nt home. Yon haye come here:as fewest, but I have heard of you before, ehd em inclinad to confide In you» 1 jmust frankly say that I hate your prof essión aa a rule. I don't believe in the omniscience of medi- cal men, but moments come iq the lives of all mon when it is necessary to unburden the mind to another. May I give yon my confidence P* * One moment first/ I said. ' I can't deceive you, Sir Henry. I have come here, not in the capacity of a guest, but as your wife's medical man. She has been anxious about you, and she begged of me to come and stay here for a few days in order to render you any mediesi assistance within my power. I only knew on my way here to-day, that she had not acquainted yon with the nature of my visit.' While Í was speaking Sir Henry's face became extremely watchful, eager and tense. 'This is remarkable/ he said. *So Lucilia is anxious about me P I was not. «ware that I ever gave her the least clue to the fact that i am not-in perfect health. This very strange-it troubles ms.' He looked agitated. He placed one lang, thin hand on the little table which stood near, and pouring ont a glass of wine, drank, it off. I noticed as he did so the nervous trembling of his hand. I Ílanced at his face, and saw that it was bia to emaciation. 4 Weil/ he said, ' I am obliged to you for being perfectly frank with me. My wife scarcely did well to conceal the ; object of your visit. But now that you have come, I shall make use of you both for myself and for her.' 'Then you are not wellP' I asked. 'Well!' he answered, with almost a snout. ' Good God, no ! I think I am going mad. I know-I know that unless relief soon comes I shall die or become a reving maniac' ' No, nothing of the kind/ I answered, soothingly ; ' you probably want change. This is a fine old house, but dull, no doubt, in winter. Why don't you go away ?-to the Biveira, or some other place where there is plenty of sunshine P Why do yon stay here? The air of this place is too damp to ba good for either you or : your wife.' Sir Henry sat silent for a moment, then he said, in a terse voice : * Perhaps yon will advise me whet to do after you Know the nature of the malady which afflicts me. First of all, however, I wish to speak of my wife/ sst-.::-. ' I am ready to listen/1 replied. -. * Yoe see,' be continued, ' that she is *ery delicate f° J 'Yes,* I replied ; ' to be frank wilh'yoi I should say that Lady Studley was coi snmptive/ He started when I said this, and prest I ed his lips firmly together. After moment he spoke. ' You are right,' he replied. ' I had ht examined by a medical man-Sir Josef Dunbar-when I was last iu London he said her lungs were considerabl affected, and that, in short, she was fa from well.' 'Did he not order you to wink .broad P' ' He did, but Lady Studley opposed tb idea so strenuously that I was obliged I yield to hor entreaties. Oonsumptio does not seem to take quite the ordinär form with her. She is restlesa, she long for cool air, she goes out ou quite col days, in a closed- carriage, it is trui Still, exeept at night, she does not regar herself in any sense as an invalid. Sb has immense spirit-I think she will kee np until she dies.' ' You speak of her being an invalid s night,' I replied. 'What are her eyuip tomsP' Sia Henry shuddered quite visibly. ' Ob, those awful nights,*" he answered ' How happy would many poor mortals b but for the terrible time of darkuesi Lady Studley had dreadful, nights fo some time ; perspirations, cough, rostiese ness, bad dreams and all the rest of ii But I must hasten to tell you my stor, qaite briefly. In the beginning of Octobe we saw Sir Joseph Dunbar. I shouli then, by his advice, have taken,, Lad; Studley to the Riviera, but she oppose! the idea with such passion and distress that I abandoned it.' Sir Henry paused here, and I looked a him attentively. I remembered at tha moment what Lady Studley had sah apont her husband refusing to leave tin Grange under any circumstances. Waa alstrauge game of cross purposes thes< two were playing. How was it possibh for me to get at the truth P j ' At my wife's earnest request,' cou thined Sir Henry, 'we returned to th« Qrange... She declared her firm inten lion of remaining here until she died. j'Soon after our return she suggested ttyat we should occupy soparato rooms at n|ght, reminding me, when she made thc retauest, of the infectious nature of cou. sumption. I complied with her wish on condition that I slept in the room nexl hers, and that on the smallest emergencj I should be summoned to her aid. Titi« arrangement was made, and her room opens into mine. I have sometimes beard her moving about at night-I have often heard her cough, and I have often heard her sigh. But she has never once sent for me, or given me to understand that she required my aid. She does not think herself very ill, and nothing worries her rn^re than to have her malady spoken abirmt. That is the pari of the story which relates to my wife.' 'She is very ill,' I said. 'But 1 will spjsak of that presently. Kow, will you fay our me with an account of your own symptoms, Sir Henry P* He started again when I said this, and going across the room, locked and put the key in his pocket. . Perhaps yea will laugh at me,' he said, ' but it is no langhing matter, J assure you. The most terrible, the moat awful affliction has eome to me. In short I am visited nightly by an appalling ap. parition. Yon don't believe in ghosts. 1 judge that by your face. Few scientific men do.' 'Frankly,I do not,' I replied. 'So called ghosts «an generally be accounted for. At the most they ara only the fig* menta: of an over-excited or diseased brain.' ''?> ' Be that as it may,? said Sir Henry, 'the diseased brain can give such torture to its victim that death is preferable. All my life I have been what £ /consider a healthy-minded man. I have plenty of money, and have never been troubled with the cares which torture men of oommerce; or of small means. When I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most lucky and the happiest ef mortals.' ' Forgive a personal question,' I inter upted. ' Has your marriage disappointed youP' ' Ufo, no ; far from it/ he replied with fervour. ' I love my dear wife better and more deeply even than the day when I took her as a bride to my arms. It is true that I am weighed down with sorrow about her, but that is entirely** owing to the state of her health.' .It is strange/1 said, 'that she should be weighed down with sorrow about you for the same cause. Have yon told her of the thing which terrifies you P' ' ' Never, never. I have never spoken of it to mortal. It is remarkable that my wife should have told you that I looked like a man who had seen a ghoBt. Alas ! alas ! But let me tell you the cause of my shattered nerves and tailing health/ ' Fray do, I shall listen attentively/ I replied. ' Oh, doctor, that I could make you feel the.horror of it 1' said Sir Henry, bending forward and looking into my eves. 1 ' Three months ago I no more believed in visitations, in apparitions, in so-called ghosts, than ron do. Were you tried as 1 am, your scepticism would receive a shock. Let me tell you what occurs. Night after night Lady Studley and I re- tire at the Berne hour. We say good night, and lay our heads on our separate pillows. Tho door of communication be ! tween us is shut. She has a night light I in her room--I prefer darkness. I close I my eyes and prepare for slumber. As a . rule I fall asleep. My sleep is of short duration. I awake with beads of perspir- ation standing on my forehead, with my heart thumping heavily and with every nerve wide awake, and waiting for the horror which will come. Sometimes I wait half au hour-sometimes longer. Then I know by a faint tickling souud in the darkness that the Thing, for I can clothe it with no name, is about to visit me. In a certain spot of the room, always in the same spot, a bright light suddenly flashes; out of its midst there gleams a preternaturally large eye which looks fixedly at me with a diabolical ex- pression. As time goes, it does not remain long; bnt as agony counts, it seems to take years of my life away with it. It fades as suddenly into grey mist and nothingness as it comes, and, wet with perspiration, and struggling to keep back screams of mad terror, I bury my head in the bedclothes/ ' But have you never tried to investigate this thing ?' I said. 'I did at first. The first night I saw it, I rushed out of bed and made for the spot. It disappeared at once. I struck a light--there was nothing whatever ia the room.' ' Why did you Sleepia that room P' 'I roust not go away from Lady Stud- ley. Hy terror is that she should know anything of this-my greater terror is that the apparition, failing me, may visit her. I daresay you think Fm a fool, Hali- fax ; but tho fact is, this thing is killing me, brave man as I consider myself.' 4 Do you see it every night P' I asked. * Not qnite every night, but sometimes on the same night it comes twice. Some times it will not come at all for two nights, or even three. Itis the most ghastly, the moat horrible form of torture that could hurry a sane mau into his grave or into a madheuse." . I have not the least shadow of doubt,' I said, after a pause, ' that the thing can be accounted for.' Sir Henry shook his hoad. * No, no,' he replied, ' it is either as you suggest, a figment of my own diseased brain, and therefore just as horrible as a real appari- tion; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whether it exists or not, it is reality to me and iu no way a dream. The full horror of it is present with me in my wak- ing moments.' 'Do you think anyone is playing an Awful practical jokeP' I suggested. ' Certainly not. What object can any- one have in scaring me to death P Be- sides, there is no one in the room, that I can swear. My outer door is locked, Lady Studley's outer door is locked. It is im- possible that there can be any trickery io the matter.' I said nothing for a moment. I no more believed in ghosts than I ever did, but I felt certain that there was grave mischief at work. Sir Henry must be the victim of a hallucination. This might only be caused by functional disturbance ot the brain, but it was qnite serious enough to call for immediate attention. The first thing to do was to find out whether the apparition could be accounted for in any material way, or if it were atiento the state of Sir Henry's nerves. Il>egan to ask him certain questions, going fully into, the case in all its bearings. I then ex- ; ambled Ma «yes. with the ophthalmoscope. The result of this was to assure me beyond doubt that Sir Henry Studley was in a highly nervous condiBon, although I could detect no trace ot brain disease. " Do you mind taking me to yonr room ?" I said. . »Not to-night/ he answered.-.* It; is] late, abd Lady Stndley might express surprise. The object of my life is to con- ceal its horror from her. When she is out to-morrow you shall come to the room ' and judge for yourself.' JT ' Well/1 said, ' I shalltíafe an interview with your wife to-morrow, and urge her most strongly to consent to leave the Grange and go away with you." Shortly afterwards we retired to rest, or what went by the name of rest in that sad house, with tts troubled inmates. I must confess that, comfortable as my room was, I slept very litttle. Sir Henry's i story stayed with me through all the boars of darkness. I am neither nervous nor imaginative, but I could not help seeing that terrible eye in my dreams. I met my host and hostess at an early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed thetas the day was warm and fine, I should ride to a neighbouring meet. I was not in the humour for this, however, and said frankly that I should prefer remaining at the Grange. One glance into the faces of my host and hostess told me only too plainly that I had two very serions {latiente on my hands. Lady Stndley ooked terribly weak «nd excited-the 1 hectic spots on her cheeks, the gleaming glitter of her eyes, the parched lips, the long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the strides the malady ander which she was suffering was making. * After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad,' I said to myself. ' She is hasteuing rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth can save ber. She looks as if there were extensive disease of the lungs. How ^restless her eyes are, too. I would rather testify to Sir Henry's sanity than to hers/ Sir Henry Studley also bore traces of a sleepless night-his face was bloodless ; he averted his eyes from mine ; he ate next to nothing. Immediately after breakfast, I followed* Lady Studley into her morning room. I had already made up my mind how to act. Her husband should have my full confidence?--she only my partial view of the situation. ' Well/1 said, 'I have seen your lins* band and talked to him. I hope he wiU soon be better. I don't think you seed be seriously alarmed about him. Now for yourself, Lady Studley. I am anxious to examine your lungs. Will you allow me to do so?' ' I suppose Henry has told you I am consumptive P' * Ho says you are not well/ I answered. 'I don't need his word to assure me of that fact-I can see it with my own eyes. Please let me examine your chest with my stethoscope/ She hesitated for a moment, looking something like a wild creature brought to bay. Then she sank into a chair, and with trembling fingers unfastened her dress. Poor soul, she was almost a walk- ing skeleton-her beautiful face was all that was beautiful about her. . A. brief examination told me that she-was in the last stage of phthisis-in short, that her days were numbered. ' What do yon think of me P* she asked, when tub brief examination was over. ' You are Ul/1 replied. ' How soon shall I die P* . /. ' God oniy knows that, my dear lady/ I answered. ' Ob, you needn't hide your thoughts/ she said. ' I know that my days are very few. Ob, if only, if only my husband could come with me ! I am so afraid to go alone, and I am fond of bim, very fond of him/ I soothed her as well as I could. 'Youought to have someone to sleep in your room at night/ I said. ' Yon onght not to be left by yourself/ ' Henry is near me-in the next room/ she replied. ' I would not have a nurse fot the world-I hate and detest nurses/ Soon afterwards she left me. She was very erratic, and before she felt the room she had qnite got over her depression. The gan shone out, and with the gleam of brightness her volatile spirits rose. ' I am going for a drive/ she said. ' Will yon come with me P' * Not this morning/1 replied. ' If you ask me to-morrow, I shall be pleased to accompany you.' * Well, go to Henry/ she answered. 'Talk to him-find out what ails him, order tonics for him. Cheer him in every way in your power. Yon says he is not ill-not seriously ill-I know better. Sly impression is that if my days are number- ed, so are his.' She went away, and I sought her fans band. As soon, as the «jrbeels of her brougham were heard bowling away over the gravel sweep, we went up together to his room. 'That eye came twice last night,' he >said in an awestruck whisper to me. 'I ant a doomed man-a doomed mau. I ; oaiinot bear this any longer.' :';We were standing in the room as he I said the words. Even in broad daylight, I oould see that he glanced ronnd him with apprehension. He was shaking qnite I visibly. The room was decidedly old fashioned, bnt the greater part of the furniture was modern. The bed was an Albert «ne, with a spring mattress, light, cheerful dimity hangings. The windows were French-they , were wide open, and le|in the soft, pleasant air, for the day wee. truly a spring one in winter. The paper on the walls was light. ' This is a quaint old wardrobe,' I said. ( It looks out of placo with the rest of the furniture. Why don't yon have it re- moved P" ' Hush,' he said, with a gasp. ' Don't go near it«-1 dread it, I have locked it. It is, always in that direction that the apparition appears. The apparition seems to grow ont of the glass of the wardrobe. It always appears in that one spot.' ' I see,' I answered. . The wardrobe is built into the wall. That is the reason it cannot be removed. Have you got the key about you P" He fumbled in his pocket and presently produced a bunch of keys. " I wish yon wouldn't open the ward Tobe,' he said, ' I frankly admit that I dislike having it touched.' «All right,' I replied. 'I will not \ examine it while yon are in the room. Toa will perhaps allow mo to keep tuc- key?' . , ' Certainly ! You can take it from the bunch, if you wish. This is it. I shall be only too glad to have it well out of my own keeping.' ' We will go downstairs,' I said. We returned to Sir Henry's library. It was my turn now to lock the door. * Why do you do that P' he asked. ' Because I wish to be quite certain that no one overhears our conversation.' ' What have you got to say P ' I have a plan to propose to you.' « What ia it P' ' I want you to change bedrooms with me to-night.' .What can yon meanP-What will Lady Studley say P' .Lady Studley must know nothing whatever about the arrangement. I think .Ä it very likely that the apparition whish . troubles yon will be discovered to have a material foundation. In short, I am determined to get to the bottom of this horror. You have seen it often, and your nerves are mnch shattered. I have never seen it, and my nerves are, I think, in tolerable order. If I sleep in your roem to-night-" * It may not visit yon.' ' It may not, but on the other hand it may. I have a curiosity to lie on that bed. and to face that wardrobe in the wall. You must yield to my wishes, Sir Henry P' .But how can the knowledge of this arrangement be kept from my wife P' ' ' Easily enough. You will both go to your rooms as usual. You will bid her good night as usual, and after the doors of communication are closed I will enter the room and you will go to mine, or to any other that you like to occupy. You say your wife never comes into your room during the hours of the night P .She has never yet doue so.' * She will not to-night. Should she by any chance call for assistance, I will im- mediately summon you.' It was very evident that Sir Henry did not like this arrangement. He yielded, * however, to my very strong persuasions, whteh almost took the form of commands, for I saw that I could do nothing unless I got complete mastery over the man. Lady Stndley returned from her drive just as our arrangements were fully made. I had not a moment during au the day to examine the interior of the wardrobe. The sick woman's restlessness grew greater as the hours advanced. She did not care to leave her husband's Bide. She sat with him as he examined his books. She followed him from room to roora. In the afternoon, to the relief of everyone, some fresh gnests arrived. In consequence we had a cheerful evening. Lady Studley came down to dinner in white from top to toe. Her dress was etheroal ia texture and largely composed of lace. I cannot describe women's dress, but with her shadowy figure and worn, but still lovely face, she looked spiritual. The gleam in her large blue eyes was pathetic. Her love for her husband was touching to behold. How soon, how very soon, they must part from each other ! Only I as a doctor knew how impossible it was to keep the lamp of life much longer burning in the poor girl's frame. We retired as nsnal to rest, Sir Henry bade me a cheerful good-night, Lady Studley nodded to me as she left the , room. 'Sleep well,' she said in a gay voice. It was late the next morning when we all met round the breakfast table. Sir Henry looked better, but Lady Stndley very much worse than the night before, I wondered at her courage in retaining her post at the head of her table. The visitors, who came in at intervals and took their seats at the table, looked at her with wonder and compassion. * Surely my hostess is very ill P* said a guest who sat next my side. 1 Yes, but take no notice of it,' I an- swered. Soon after breakfast I sought Sir Henry. ' Well-well !' he said, as he grasped my hand. ' Halifax, you have seen it. I know yon have by the expression of your face.' * Yes,* I replied, * I have.' ' How quietly you speak. Has not the horror of the thing seized you ?' ' No,' I said, with a brief laugh. * I told you yesterday that my nerves were in tolerable order. I think my surmise was correct, and that the apparition has tangible form, and can be traced to its foundation.' An unbelieving look swept over Sir Henry's face. * Au,' he said, ' doctors are very hard to convince. Everything must be brought down to a cold material level to satisfy them; but several nights in that room would shatter even your nerves, my friend.' * Yon are quite right,' T answered. ' I should be very sorry to spend several nights in that room. Now I will tell you briefly what occured.' We were standing in the library. Sir Henry went to the door, locked it, and put the key in his pocket. ? * Can I come in P" said a voico outside. The voice was Lady Stndley's. 'Ina minute, my darling,1 auswered her husband. 4 I am engaged with Hali- fax just at present.' ' Medically, I suppose ?' she answered. ' Yes, medically, he responded. She went away at once, aud Sir Henry returned to my sido. 4 Now speak,' he said. 4 Be quick. She is sure to return, and I dou't like her to fancy that wo are talking secrets.' ' This is my story,' I said. . I went in- to your room, put out all the lights, aud sat on the edge of the bed P' * fou did not get into bed then P' 4 No, I preferred to be up and to be ready for immediate action should the apparition, the horror, or whatever yon call it appear.' Good God, it is a horror, Halifax !' ' *- It is, Sir Henry. A more diabolical contrivance for frightening a mau into his grave could scarcely have been con- trived. I eau comfort you on one point, however. The terrible thing you saw is not a figment of your brain. There is no . likelihood of a lunatic asylumfin your case. Someone is playing you a trick.' ' I connot agree with you-but proceed,' said the Baronet, impatiently. ' I sat for about an hour on the odge pf the bed,* I continued. ' When I entered the room it was twelve o'clock-one had sounded before, there was the least stir or appearance of anything, then the ticking noise you have described was distinctly audible. This was followed by. a sudden bright light, which seemed to proceed out of the recesses of the wardrobe.' 4 What did you feel when you saw that light P' , 4 Too excited to be nervous,' I answered briefly. 'Out of the circle of light the horrible eye looked at me.' 'What did you do thenP Did you faint r 'No, I went noiselessly across the carpet np to tho door of the wardrobe and looked in," ' Heavens! you are daring. I wonder you jare alive to tell this tale." ' I saw a showy form," I replied-4< dark «nd tall-the one brilliant eye kept on looking past me, straight into the room. I made a very slight noise ; it immediately disappeared,. I waited for some time nothing more happened. I got into your bed, Sir Henry, and slept. I can't say that I had à comfortable night, but I slept, and was not disturbed by anything extra- ordinary for the remaining hours of the night.' ' New what do you intend to do P Yon say you can trace this thing to its founda- tion. It seems to me that all yon have seen Only supports my firm belief that a horible apparition visits that room.' ' A material one,' I responded. ' The shadowy form had substance, of that I am convinced. Sir Henry, I intend to sleep In that room again to-night.' 4 Lady Studley will find ont.' * She will not. I sleep in the haunted room again to-night, and during the day you must so contrive matters that I have Îlenty of time to examine the wardrobe, did not do so yesterday because I had not an opportunity. You must contrive to get Lady Stndley ont of the way, either this morning or afternoon, and so manage matters for me that I can be some little time alone in your room.' 'Henry, Henry, how awestruck you look!' said « gay voice afc the window. Lady Studley had come out, had come round to the library window, and, holding Op her long, dark blue dress was looking at us with a peculiar smile. 'Well, my love,' replied the baronet, He went-to the window and flung it open, * Lucilia,' he exclaimed, !* yon are mad to stand on the damp grass.' , 'Oh, no, not mad,' she answered. '1 have -come to that stage when nothing matters. Is not that so;Dr. Halifax P" ' Yon are very imprudent," I replied. She: shook her finger at me playfully «nd turned to her husband. * Henry,' ehe said, ' have you taken my keys P I cannot find them «ny where.' "I will go, vp snd-iook 'for them," said Sir5 Hçnry. " He left the room and Lady Studied entered the library through une of the¡p,réMh"wmdbws. ' Wfafet do you think of my husband this morning P' she asked.. I .: ; ' Hels a little better,' I replied. # ' I ara confident that he will soon ba quite well again.'^ ;- . She gave a deep sigh when I said this, her lips trembled, and she turned away. I thought my news would make her happy, and ber depression surprised me. At this moment Sir Henry came into the room. ' Here are your keys,' he said to hie wife. ' He gave her the same bunch he had given me the night before. I hoped she would not notice that the key of the ward- robe was missing. « And now I want yo« to come for a drive with me,' said Sir Henry. T^Hedidnofc often accompany her, aud the pleasure of this unlooked for indul- gence evidently tempted hor. Y v ?"Very* well,' she àhBweréd, «Is brï HalifaxiomingP' *<$y ?{) -:r^'t_ ' No, he wants tn have a ride.' ' If he rides, can he not follow the car- riage P' 'Viii you do that, Halifax P' asked my host. . No, thank you,' I answered ; ' I must write 6ome letters before I go anywhere. 1 will ride to the nearest town and post them presently, if I may.' I loft the room as I spoke. Shortly afterwards I saw from a win- dow Sir Henry and his wife drive away. They drove iu a large open landau, and two girls who were staying in the house accompanied them. My hour had come, and I went np at once to Sir Henry's bed roon}. Lady Studley's room opened directly into that of her husband, but both rooms bad separate entrances. , I locked the two outer doora now, and then bogan my investigations. I had the key of the wardrobe iu my pocket. It was troublesome to unlock, because the key was a little rusty, and it was more than evident that the heavy doors had not been opened for some time, Both these doors were made of glass. When shat they resembled in shape and appearance an ordinary old-fashioned window. The glass was set in deep mullions. It was thick, was of a peculiar shade of light blue, aud was evidently of great antiquity. I opened the doors and went inside. The wardrobe was so roomy that I could stand upright with perfect comfort. It was empty and was lined through and through with solid oak. I strack a light and be- gan to examine the interior with care. Âiter a great deal of patient investigation I came across a notch in the wood*. I Ítressed my finger on this, andiminediate y a little panel slid back, which revealed underneath a small hatton. I turned the button aud a door at the back of the ward- robe flew open. A flood of sunlight poured in, and stepping out I found my- self in another room. . 1 looked around me in astonishment. This was a lady's chamber. Good heavens! what had happened P I was ia Lady's Studley's room. Shutting the mysterious door of the wardrobe very carefully, I found that ali trace of its existence immediately vanished. - There was no furniture against this part of the wall. It looked absolutely bare and smooth. No picture ornamented it. The light paper which covered it gave the appearance of a perfectly unbroken pattern. Of course, there must be a con- cealed spring somewhere, and I lost no time in feeling for it. I pressed my hand and the tips of my fingers in every dir- ection along the wall. Try as I would, however, I could not find the spring, and I bad at last to leave Lady Studley's room and go back to the one occupied byhei husband, by the ordinary door. Once more I re-entered the wardrobe and deliberately broke off tho button which opened the secret door from within, Anyone who now entered the wardrobe by this door and shut it behind him, would find it impossible to retreat. The apparl tion, if it had material foundatiou, would thus find itself trapped in its own net. What could this thing protend P I had already convinced myself that ii Sir Henry were the subject of a halluci nation, 1 also shared it. As this was im possible I felt certain that the apparitior. had a material foundation. Who was thc person who glided night after night int« Lady Studley's room, who knew the trict of the secret spring iu the wall, wh< entered the old wardrobe, and performec this ghastly, this appalling trick on Sii Henry Studley P I resolved that I wonk say nothing to Sir Henry of my f real discovery until after I had spent anothei hight in the haunted room. Accordingly, I slipped the key of thi wardrobe once more into my pocket anc went downstairs. {Concluded in our next,) 