THE DISCONTENTED PEASANT- A FOLK STORY. ijfyom the French of Leon 8ichler,for the "Advocate" by M.O'S.) IK a certain Tillage there lived two brothers, the one rich, the other poor. All the good things of life flowed in abundance into the possession of the former; all his enterprises turned out well, and he was as happy as man could be. Bat as for the other, it was in vain that he struggled and toiled all the year round; misery never left his home. The rich man acquired in a few years so large a fortune that he removed to the city, there built a princely residence, and was reoeived into the highest society., The poor man, on the contrary, became at last so reduoed that he had not a morsel of bread in the house. Besides, 1 he had " seven of them on the floor with him," and it would have been hard to tell whioh of them was smaller than another, all crying for something to eat and drink. In this plight he went to his rioh brother and said— M " Give me some aid, or I am lost!' " If you wish to remain and work, I will pay you," said the rioh man, after the usual manner of his class. " Oh, willingly," said the poor mendicant, and to work he went. He Bwept out the courtyard, groomed the horses, hewed the wood, and drew the water. At the end of the week be received his wageB, and was about to return home. " Stay and talfe part in the celebration of my birthday, which occurs tomorrow," generously said the rich brother. The wretched peasant was easily persuaded to do anything, and so he remained for the feast. But to his great chagrin his brother's guests were thelords and distinguished people of the city, before whom even the master of the house himself was unusually respectful. The poor brother was completely forgotten. He had to keep out of the way of all those fine folk, and took no part in the festivities. He merely heard them laugh and sing and rejoice over their cups until they parted, and then he set out to walk home upon an empty stomach. " Once upon a time I, too, could sing," he soliloquised. " And why not now P I will put a good face on the matter, and not give it to say to my neighbour that I have been treated in this shabby way by my own flesh and blood." And forthwith he attempted to sing an old tune, but his voice broke down at every other note. While trying to get through a stave, he suddenly beoame aware of a shrill voice behind him which seemed to re-echo his words. He ceased; the voice also stopped. He resumed the song; the voice did likewise. "Who's that imitating meP Show your face." Immediately there appeared before him a strange vision—a haggard, livid being, thinly clad in rags. The peasant was amaned. " Who are you P" he asked. Tbe phantom answered, " My name iB Discontent. I took pity on you, and was helping you to sing." " Much obliged to you, Mister Discontent. Put it there, and let us jog on together. It strikes me you're the only companion I'm likely to meet." " I'll stick to you, never fear. But I must tell you I have a peculiar Btyle of travelling. Ton may choose what style you please, but, for my part, I am going to get on your shoulders." And without further notice he leaped tipon the countryman's back, who tried, but in vain, to shake off the unweleome burden. The monBter, thus mounted, began to sing and make merry, and pressed forward with sundry kicks and blows the unfortunate peasant. " Sine* you aw so fond of singing, master," said the little ogre, mookingly, " perhaps you would like to hear a ajbave fromme. When I feel downhearted this is what I sings— v « My name is Disoontent, and though In rags and tatters I choose to go, I'm jolly good company; For if the heart of man I gnaw, When void his parse and siok bis oraw, And glum as an owl is he; Yet, when he sits by the sparkling bowl And gives free rein to his natural soul, Ob, then, d'ye see, Both early and late I'm his merriest mate, And we sing, Long Life to Liberty I "And that juBt reminds me," he continued. " You're a rioh man to- day, are you not P with a whole week's wages in your pocket. Let us go and have a drink Out of good fellowship, the peasant consented. To the tavern he and his mate repaired, and there they passed the rest of the day and a good part of the night, having a good time of it.. When they at last arrived home, there sat the poor wife in tears; but for all that, out of Bheer malice, Discontent forced the countryman to dance a breakdown upon the floor before going to bed. On awaking the next morning they both felt very bad. Discontent sighed heavily. " I have a headache," said he, " from that cursed drink I took last night." Nevertheless, he would give his friend no peace, but kept urging him to get up, so that they might go and have another glass or two. " But I have spent all my money," returned the countryman. "That may be; but you have a harrow and a plough; you hRve your sleigh and your farm cart. Why not sell them and drink the proceed BP " The deluded man did as he was bidden. The two went vagabondising once more, the monster seated, as usual, upon his victim's shoulders. They did nothing but drink and carouse that livelong day. The following morning Discontent sighed and moaned more violently than before. " Let us go and have a stroll," said he. " Let us pawn everything we have, and drink without stint. ' Long life to Liberty,' say I." The peasant began to perceive that ruin was upon him, and just at that moment a happy thought came into his head. Said he to his evil associate— " I often heard my old grandfather say that from time past recollection there waB hidden in the field behind our house, close by the hedge, a large treasure, consisting of several crooks of I ;old. They are so proteoted, however, 3j a great rock that by myself I Bhould not have the ghost of a chance of getting at them. Now, my dear friend and comrade, only just think what times we should have, what glorious sprees we both could enjoy together, could we only put our hands upon that gold 1" At this intelligence Discontent was visibly affected. " Let us not lose a minute," said he. 'I'll shift that rock; see if I don't. There's nothing impossible to me when I'm put to it." They repaired to the spot. The rock was so enormous that five men could not shift it from its broad base; but, aided by Discontent, our friend overturned it in an instant. Eagerly casting his eyes down below, there he saw, sure enough, something glittering)brilliantly. " Now, then," said he, " slip down quietly, my dear Disoontent, and gather up that gold, while I remain here and keep this rock from falling baok to its place.' Disoontent wanted no further nrging, but leaped over the brink, chuckling with intense satisfaction. " Odds my life, master!" said he from below," we're made men for ever. Here are twenty crocks of gold alt ranged beside one another." He lifted one up and handed it to the peasant, who lost no time in stringing it up to his belt; and then, qmok as thought, he loosed hie hold of the rock, which fell baok to its place and entombed Discontent with the other nineteen crooks of gold. " Perish you and your gold, said he, as he turned away; "I have Sow enough. You brought me nothing but misfortune." He went home a new man. With the gold he had so cleverly obtained he built a new house, bought cattle, speculated in business, working both early and late. He had such a marvellous run of luck that in one year he became rioh enough to build himself a oastle. Then he paid a brother visit toto the oome city, and and see him. invited his noh " What do you mean P" said the wealthy man, smiling. "You, who can scarcely clothe yourself decently, invite me to your miserable domicile!" " True, I was once as poor as a churoh mouse; but now, thanks to Providence and my own cleverness, loan live as well as you. Come and see for yourself." Next day the rich merchant oame to the village, where he found his good-fornothing relative installed in a magnificent mansion. They regaled themselves on the best of everything, and even tbe shrewd countryman drank so much that he allowed his tongue to run Tather freely. He revealed the whole story of his good fortune. Envy seieed the other man. Thought e " What a simpleton this brother of mine must be! There were twenty crocks of gold, and he took away only one. I will have a look round there myself. I shall shift that rock, and seize upon all that gold, even at the risk of delivering the imprisoned spirit from hit captivity, who will doubtless come and ruin my brother once more.' He took his leave abruptly; but, instead of returning home Btraight, he sought out the magic rock. By strenuous efforts he succeeded in slightly moving it. But, before he had time to glance beneath, out popped Discontent, and planted himself on the unfortunate man's shoulders. " Oh, here you are. You have sought me, and you have found me. Now I've got you in my grip, and I'm not going to be served another trick like the last." "Most unreasonable being," remonstrated the merchant, "do you know whom you are speaking to?" "I know you well enough; you are envious and unnatural; you were not satisfied with what you already possessed ; more you shall never obtain. So jog along." The avaricious brother was forced to carry Discpntent to his mansion, with the result that in a few years all his wealth and possessions went to wreck and ruin. As for the other brother, a competence gave him leisure for thought, reason, and reflection; and if he did not live happily ever after, that we may I 