CHAPTER VI. ' You don't mind if I tell a particular friend of mine—as a positive secret, you don't mind if I tell that you wrote those articles, do you, Sam ?' Joe said, in a curi- ously pleading way, after dinner the follow- ing Friday. ' What articles, Joe ?' the colonel asked, languidly dragging himself back from some- where far away. ' Now, Sam, what's the use ?' Joe ex- claimed, petulantly. ' You know perfectly well. I mean those things on practical reform.' The colonel moved upon the sofa. It was hardly perceptible, and Joe was looking the other way, but there was enough which caught his eye to convince him that the Colonel was about to give him a very decided ' No.' To prevent it he at once continued, ' Now don't be stuffy, Sam. They were nothing so very wonderful, only this par- ticular friend of mine happened to like them and ordered me outright to say who wrote them.' ' How came you in such a delicate position Joe ?' the colonel asked. ' I tell you, Sam, it was no fault of mine. This friend picked up it idea from them, and when I heard it my face showed that I knew something about them. The next I knew I was charged with having written them. I got myself out of that in quick time, but now the only thing left me is to tell who did write them. I thought I would speak to you about it first, and to-morrow I am going to——' ' I doubt it, Joe,' the colonel interrupted, with a laugh. ' But what if I should, Sam ?' ' Well——' ' You would not say ' Boo !' and you know it.' ' That is precisely why I am sure of you, Joe.' ' Now look here, Sam, that may be logic, but it will not work. I have got myself into a box, and it is only nonsensical folly that prevents you from letting me get myself out again. I did not try to discover who wrote them. I did not mean to betray the fact that I knew. But the secret is out, and I shall be tormented till I am forced to tell all I know. It's just here, Sam, those articles were the foundation of the whole scheme of this ' New Idea.' So help me——' ' Joseph——' ' I didn't say any thing, Bemis.' ' You said enough to make me anxious to know if you are sure,' added the old man. ' Bemis, I am as sure as——' ' Joseph, my pipe is out. Will you kindly give me a light ?' Joe responded, and the spell was broken. Dr. Bemis intended that it should be, know- ing far better than Joe the danger of urging Colonel Trenton by snob an argument, especially in the peculiar mood in which he had been for the last week. In vain Dr. Bemis had endeavored to solve the mood or dissipate it. It was very evident that something had occurred to disturb the whole tenor of the colonel's usually imper- turbable disposition. The doctor was baffled. All that his keen eyes could detect was that it was a perpetual struggle for Colonel Tren- ton to assume even the semblance of calm- ness. When the pipe was lighted. Colonel Tren- ton observed, ' Joe, Eve and Eden have their coils upon you. You and your ' New Idea' are controlled by a woman.' ' A woman, Sam ?' ' Yes, a woman.' ' Why ?' ' Because it is a good thing, and because you are so lamb-like. It was in Eve's fall that we really fell. She did it, and she or her daughters have been at the bottom of many an important movement in the world since then ; but they have always found some man to act as business agent, eat the apple before the public, and take the consequences. If a man had founded this restaurant, we should have known all about him long ago. He would have been perched upon the pin- nacle of its prosperity. His portrait would have hung in the great hall, and his name would have been written in gold above the door. Then a man would never have given credit to a magazine article for a new idea. The generous heart of woman forever turns to man to say, ' You made me.' I know it, Joe, so we need not discuss it.' ' You're immensely civil, Sam, but you are over-estimating what I said about those articles. They were the foundation, it is true, but the main-spring for action and the real inspiration came from quite another source.' ' Joe, I think better of your particular the founder of the ' New Idea.' Give us the story, if it is interesting. We will keep it a profound secret.' ' I've more than a mind to, Sam. There was an accident. A brave man risked his life and saved two lives. Then, running a still greater risk to save a child, he met his death. His last words were, ' A child is worth dying for.' Naturally, the one who was saved felt a great obligation, and, con- struing the fact that a child was worth dying for into a message that many who were dying in poverty were worth living for, ' The New Idea' became a reality. That's all.' Dr. Bemis alone had heard the last of Joe's story. Colonel Trenton's face grew strained and white as he lay upon the sofa. His hands involuntarily clutched, as in sympathy with the mental struggle that was going on. Throwing himself out of it with a great effort, as Joe's voice ceased, he muttered.— ' The fellow died, you say ?' ' Of course he died, or where would be the inspiration ?' ' Oh, yes, I see. And this founder is now your particular friend ?' ' I say, Sam, you are trying very hard to turn me from my point.' ' Which is——?' ' That I may tell who——' ' Joe !' ' Well ?' ' It is time that you were at the office.' ' So it is, Sam. Good-night. Good-night, Bemis.' And, without another word, Joe went to his night's work. Dr. Bemis had been an eager but silent listener. There was danger ahead, but he was still baffled. A half-hour before, when he called Joe to light his pipe, he knew that he had averted an outbreak of some sort ; but evidently it had only been delayed. With all the strength of his supernatural love for Colonel Trenton, he felt that he must discover the danger at once and find the channel of safety. For half an hour after Joe left them the old humpback sat silently looking into the fire. Then he pushed the white hair from his forehead, and with a deep sigh, ' Samuel, my pipe is out.' ' Bemis, forgive me ! I am very forget- ful,' the colonel exclaimed, rising quickly from the sofa, and he did so returning to its hiding-place a little golden locket with a broken golden chain. He filled the pipe in silence, for his thoughts were far away on the deck of a burning steamer, with the founder of the New Idea, and back, back, back in a long, long ago, in which the accident, the locket, the magazine articles, the New Idea, all gathered themselves about one and the same being, and that being Joe's particular friend. Joe loved her, or he would not have spokeu of her as he did. What was all this to Colonel Trenton ? He smiled bitterly as he asked himself this question, and leaving it unanswered, lighted a match for Dr. Bemis ' Stand there by the mantel, Samuel,' the old man said, as the smoke again rose from the red clay bowl. ' Which means that you have a lecture for me,' replied the colonel, smiling. ' I might have known what was coming, you have been so quiet this evening.' ' Only a short one, Samuel.' ' That is good, Bemis. Make it very short, and never forget that you have promised to go with me to the opera to-night, to hear the marvellous Scarlatti. I would not have you get yourself out of the mood for that, even if I must forego the lecture entirely.' ' I will go to the opera, Samuel.' ' Enough, Bemis. Your word is better than a bond. Let the procession move. I am humbly standing by the mantel.' ' You did not mean it, Samuel, but you were a little hard on Joseph.' The doctor spoke as gently as though he were dealing with a wayward child. ' Truly, Bemis, I did not mean it ; and I hardly think Joe thought so.' ' There were tears in his eyes, Samuel.' ' Tears ! I did not see them.' ' No. You were not looking that way to- night, Samuel.' ' But I simply said what I have always said,—what Joe knew, in advance, that I would say. No, no, Bemis. You must have been mistaken. Joe is not a baby.' Colonel Trenton spoke in a careless tone, but he was thoroughly disturbed, and his friend knew it. Determined, however, to follow the course be had begun upon till he dis- covered the cause he sought, the old man replied,— ' No, Joseph is not a baby.' ' Well, and what then, Bemis ?' It was not the conversation so much as its effect upon—the woman, Joseph's friend, which brought the tears in his eyes.' ' I presume that you are right. Man al- ways weeps over woman. Woman empties her heart through her eyes for man. For all the tears that we shed,—and what a gulf they'd fill were they gathered into one !— we each turn to the other and say, You made me.' The old man sighed. ' In the nature of things, Samuel, that which gives us real happiness must be the same which, by reverse action, causes us real misery. The woman by whose gener- osity The New Idea has been established has evidently become a source of happiness to Joe. He suddenly discovers that the author of those articles is an unknown god at whose altar she is worshipping, and the result is misery.' ' Bemis, your argument is weak. Is Joe the fool to be so easily disturbed by jealousy ?' ' Human nature is weak, Samuel, —just as weak as my argument. But Joseph is not jealous. He has a generous and noble nature. He loves her, but he loves you too. I dare predict that Joseph will not cease his importunity till she knows your name and has met you face to face.' ' One man can lead a horse to water, Bemis, but an army cannot make him drink. Does Joe believe me such a man as would rob him of his love ?' ' Samuel, if I were any one but who I am, you would be angry. But I am a cripple, utterly helpless but for you ; so I am not afraid to tell you that you are wronging Joseph. The man who loves a woman far above him, as Joseph would by nature love, himself sees well the incongruity and can but wonder that she has not accepted higher forms. The man who loves you as Joseph loves you cannot wonder that any woman who lives should see in you much that she might miss in him. Love, honor, and loyalty are behind him, and Joseph will persevere.' ' Bemis, that is all nonsense.' ' Samuel, you say so because you never—' Dr. Bemis's eyes were bent intently upon the coals. He could not have seen the sharp twinge of pain that shot across the colonel's forehead. There was no other sign, how- ever, yet the sentence ceased with that shadow. The humpback's lips were still, and a moment later he rose laboriously from the arm-chair, paused for an instant, look- ing tenderly into the eyes of the strong man towering above him, then turned away, saying,— ' I will go now and make ready for the opera.' He was satisfied. Colonel Trenton caught his hand, with a look in his face which few had ever seen there,—strength and weakness, manhood and helplessness. In a voice which for the first time in many years forgot the shadow of hidden irony, he said,— ' Once more, Bemis ! Look into my eyes again, as you did. I have something to tell you. You know it already. You know me all without my telling, and yet, of all, this one thing you did not know till now. Bemis, you are the strength of my life. But for you I should long ago have gone to—yes, to the devil. You alone have held me back. No, no. You are thinking of the time when, a helpless sot, I was brought home by two vagabonds, only a little less drunk than I, and how, of my own will, I turned myself so squarely against that sort of degradation that all the powers of earth and hell tried in vain to drag me back again. Debauchery disgusted me. That was all. Bemis, does it not take more than that to make a man ? For ten years you have done all that mortal could do to bring out something better from me ; but while the world is howling that I am a great success, you, you who know me, know how utterly you have failed. I have known how it troubled you that every energy I possessed came right from you, and that in all these years you had not roused in me one atom of ambition. How often you have shown me what I might be, to contrast with what I am ! With superhuman energy and patience you have held me day by day. You plunged me into the prison reform. You filled me with fury over the ring outrages. You have set me on fire again and again, only to find, each time that your touch left me, that I fell dead. It is you whom the world is praising ; you have done it all. Once in my life, when I was less than twenty I was overwhelmed by one great hope, one grand ambition. I am not foolishly thinking that its denial is any pardon for me that I am what I am to-day. I only know that the ghost of that hope, the demand of that am- bition, has haunted me, night and day, and murdered, in its swaddling-clothes, every offspring of energy to desire that has been cradled in my heart for sixteen years. Weakness ! Absurdity ! Folly of all foolish- ness ! Yes, the only sincerity in all my utterly wasted life is that once I—I—I loved a woman.' ' And lost, Samuel ?' ' Not as you mean, Bemis. This is the first time to mortal ears that I have said that word.' ' Was it that she ——' ' No, Bemis. I do not think that in her life she has ever loved any one.' ' And you love her as dearly to-day ?' ' I do, Bemis.' ' Samuel, was it that she was not ——' ' Bemis, do not speak that word ! If the woman lives who is worthy of man's homage, it is she.' ' Then, Samuel, go——' ' Wait, Bemis. It is to-day as it always has been. She has no need of love. Her life is fulness in itself. Her aims are satis- fied in the fulfilment of her ambition. I have nothing to offer which could mingle with the sunshine of her life to make it brighter. She is better as she is.' ' Samuel, you are wrong. Whoever she may be, I know that you are wrong. Go to her, Samuel. Go to night. Tell her the story as you have told it me.' Colonel Trenton smiled as he shook his head, and replied, ' Ah, Bemis, for the first time in your life you would be blind. You would drive me into the pit whence you have so laboriously dragged me. What has she said to the—hundreds, perhaps, who in all these years have fallen at her feet and lived about her to prove their love, as I have not ? She is beautiful beyond any woman I ever saw. She is richer than many a millionaire. She has everything to attract and nothing to repel. Have others been attracted ? Doubt- less. Have they been repelled ? Surely. Yet there was nothing but her refusal of their love that would have done it.' ' May she not have loved you, Samuel, precisely as you have loved her to the exclu- sion of all others ?' ' Alas, Bemis, that is a beautiful fancy, but it evaporates before the sunlight of re- ality For years I had loved her before she knew that this being existed. I loved her when she was a girl, poor, unknown, nothing. But believe me, Bemis, it would have been the ruin of her life if she had loved me or any one. God guided her where her future lay. God saved her when I prayed that it might lie with me. Tell Joe enough to set his heart at rest, Bemis, and now set mine at rest by putting on your overcoat. The car- riage is waiting.' ' Samuel,' said the old man, tenderly, ' there is no story such as yours but has its sequel. God grant that it may be one of happiness each as you can appreciate the better for the pain of the past. Yes, I will be ready presently. Do they wear gloves, Samuel, and do they take off their over- coats ?' 