'We that are Strong.' A NOVEL. By Ebme Stuabt. Author of ' Joan Vellacot,' ' Kestell of Greystone,' ' Muriel's Marriage,' ' Virginie's Husband,' &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Chapter XX.— SOME WAY OUT OF IT. 80 at length I came to love the present in tbe dr:ad Of -what might come. When Inez came in she had to occupy herself with her grandfather. There was no time to think till lie had retired for the night, then in the silent house— for by 10 o'clock in this conservative household the servants had all disappeared to bed— she sat down by the drawing-room fire and leant her head against a chair. She had been so happy, so very happy, till this had happened, and now what should sho do ? Mrs. Whitewood suspected her, but even if she knew the truth what would she think? She was innocent enough now, but that Inez ot two years ago would have given herself— had offered herself— to this man, this Neve Quiuian, this ungenerous, cowardly man. Oh, what had he said to her this evening ! She covered her fate with her hands as if to hide, were , it possible, her hot brushes from herself. He had declared that she was his, aud that she had promised herself, to him, he said he had her letter, and he had simply laughed at her earnest appeal to have it returned. What could she do ? If Mrs. Whitewood had been less good— no that was not good ness at once to think the worst of her — but less self righteous — then she might have spoken to her, told her everything, aude'aimed her help and sympathy, but 110, no it was quite, qu:tc impossible^ She knew Basil's mother hated her and would never love her as her child ; she would never think her worthy of her son. It was true iu one way, but love made everything possible, aud she loved him with her whole being. She meant to make herself worthy of him. He was as great as 'Neve Quinlan was mean and wicked. Inez used these words, for, with all his beauty and his polish, instinctively she shrank from him now ; but if she had formerly sinned why was her sin to find her out in this way ? There must ba some way out of it without having to tell Basil— or his mother. Why should she do this ? Sae had been wild, impetuous, thoughtless, uncontrolled, but not widked, oh, no ; and would they ever understand ? Mrs. Whitewood would make the worst of it and would make Basil suspicious. She could not, no she could not bear that, to be open with him was all she wanted. In the future he should know everything, everything, there was nothing she wished to hide from him — nothing but this. If it were not for Mrs. Whitewood she could even explain the whole episode to Basil, only what was there to explain ? The very fact of trying to make him understand would look as if there was more iu it. Oh, it was bad enough, that man had kissed her, her, Inez Desallioud who was so proud, so much above all such common, vulgar, lovemak ing as was now the fashion. Inez had heard and seen it at school, and had kept herself loftily apart from it all, so that the girls would not confide their silly flirtations to her. Now she was placed in a position that looked worse than anything the girls had con fessed. It was only appearances that were against her, however, why should she mind ? Had not she often preached against taking any notice of what 'people would say or think,' had she not often scolded Hetty for such common prejudices, and now, now,— it was too hard— she was minding so verymuch what Basil and his mother would say. She paused ' in her train of thought ; her brain was weary of going round aud round this black circle; she could not pray, for she had said she did not believe in prayer, she could not ask man's help or God's help — but she must do something. Suddenly shestarte lupand walked to the window ; drawing back the curtains she gazed but into the star-lit darkness. How they twinkled, these far away .stars, and how the others scintillated in the deep blueness of tho clcar 6ky ; were there meu and women in those other worlds who had sorrows and to whom life was such a problem as it was to her ? Did they love up there, or was there with them no nnrriige or g'ving in marriage? Would science ever pierce that veil— science which told us the com position of those far-away stars— would it prqve in the end the ' All knowing ?' would science ever bridge over life and death, would science in the future he able to help weak women when the trouble of life seemed too great for them, when strange wilful Fate barred their way to happiness. Then finding no answers to her questions she turned back again and looked around the familiar room with its heavy furniture, its sombre look, and its utterly unpoeticil appearance. Even here who would understand her— even here. She must rely on bersalf, aud she must follow her own judgment, she must not allow Neva Quinlan to speik to her again, as he had done to-night. Much as she hated the ' idea of d solosing her sacret she must tell him that she was engaged to another man, that she was to be married at Easter, not many weeks hence. Surely after that he would give her back her letter. No man could, when he knew that, have the idea of per secuting her with hateful attentions— no one, not even this Neve Quiulan. But how was she to see him again. She had met him accidentally, and she had been taken unawares. Now she must be sure of seeing him alone for five minutes. He might te 1 Mrs. Fiudlay of her engagement, but it mu3t soon be generally known, and that would hurt no one. Ou tbe whole, it had better be known. Perhaps she had been wroag to keep it a secret, but how happy that sccet had made her. She must see him, the sooner the better. He would be going shortly. She knew nothing of the outside world, having purposely kept away from everybody. Had Mrs. Findlay 's party been a success ? She dared not go over to see her for fear of meeting him and for fear of his saying something publicly. Now, she knew she could not trust him. This evening he hal said such strange things to her. She shook her shoulders impatiently as if to get rid of the burJen of his words, but very soon she would be free of him for ever. She would have Basil to protect her. Why had he not come . down to see her ? But it was hettar so, the two men must not meet. Basil couli not understand that type of man : he would be angry at het having anything to do with him. Why had her aunt not told everyone there, and explained how that her escaDade had been merely a girl's foolishness ? for if the tale were told now the treit meut she had received at hsr aunt's hands would place a had interpretation on her onduct. But then, if people had known, if Basil had known, would he ever have given her his great manly heart, ' his unbounded trust ? So she argued backward and forward till 6he felt sick at heart and utterly weary in mind. The clock struck 12 ; the Cathedral clock took up the tones and solemnly announced to the Bleeping Close the hour of midnight. Everyone here went early to bed. Midnight had not yet lost its tinge of traditional mystery, it was the hour for ghosts and gobblins. the hour for murder and theft to the unsophisticated Helstone folk, who were quite like children in liking stories of crime and enjoyed a genuine thrill when a narrator began. ' It was the hour of midnight. No lights were visible as the strauger, wrapping a cloak closely around him,' -fcc. As to household tragedies which could be found in every town those were nothing ia comparison, and teat no shudder in the honest, ord.nary comroon p'ace soul of the Helston an. He hardly under stood tragedies without dauger and the poison cup— aud where 110 ghostly warnings could be previously heard. When Inez at last retired to bed she had not yet settled how she was to accomplish her task ; she was anxious to settle the question once for all, but un certain how best to do it. It was when she thought . of Mrs. Whitewood that she became furious. Would his mother tell Basil what she had seen? She thought she would. Good .people ! If the words meant persons as cruel as Mrs. Whitewood had she, Inez, not been right to embrace a better aud a higher creed than that possessed by Basil's mother ? The usual routine had to be followed the next day and there was plenty of it. The daily prayers had to be read. The butler's solemn and sonorous tones in the responses were an intense pleasure , to him and to the -5ook, who chimed in a third higher iu another key. The housemaid, the kitchenmaid, and the ' girl who helped ' all tried their best to put such intonation in their voices as befitted their frame of mind ; ' but. only the cook had the privilege of shaking her head at the wicked in the Psalms. This was of course an unwritten law, but neverthe less a severe one. '? When the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness and doeth that which is lawful and r'glit ' was not listened to with such satisfaction by Hunter as the Davidical denunciation of the wicked and the punishment that would surely overtake them in the future. He said these with true joy, feeling that that class of men known as 'the wicked' could not be too severely denounced and treated ; indeed that the statement of 'the wicked fleeth when no man pursueth ' was a mistake. There should have been somebody at their heels so as to give them something more than a mere moral flight ; a stick applied 011 their evil shoulders would have sounded well aud worked wonders in their reform bill— for there is something in uncultivated human nature, which likes beating a fallen enemy. Inez punctually performed all Hetty's, duties because she had promised her sister she would do so, aud ' her reward was a daily, letter from her full of enthusiastic happiness at the unusual pleasure she was .enjoying. Her hosts were so kind, the girls charming, and tho brothers so attentive. Inez smiled ; she at once weaved a little romance for Hetty. What a good wife. she would make, and how delightful if she found someone to lovo her 'as Basil loves me.' Then all the miserable story came back to lodge in her brain and to spread an ex pression of anxiety on her beautiful face. 'Miss Inez she woiries over. little things,' re marked the housekeeper to Mr. Hunter, ' aud she is that impatient, I really thinks she ought to go to school again.' ' You can't cool hot coals by covering them with dust and ashes, Mrs. Sutton.' ' Dust and ashes is so expressive of mourning, Mr. Hunter, so pray don't you mention 'em. I'm very superstitious.' 1 'It's against all words of Holy Scripture, Mrs. Sutton, hut, bless my soul, there's a ring at the door, and I've got my coat off.' When the worthy man opened the door it was to Mrs. Findlay (whom he called ' Mrs. Jezabel ' in the kitchen). . ' Ah, Hunter, good morning. I want to see your sweet young mistress.' Hunter gave a grunt of disapproval ; he disliked adjectives. ' Miss Inez is in the drawing-room, ma'am, and the Canon is taking his morning- repose.'.' Hunter . spoke his best, so as to show that foreign lady what was good English. Mrs. Findlay folded a thick fur cloak about her, and said grandly — ' Show me the way !' The way having been shown by both the persons who knew it so well, Mrs. Findlay opened her cloak again so that Inez might fly into her arms, bnt again her warm heart was bruised, for Inez felt a strange repulsion this morning towards the woman who was the hostess of Neve Quinlan. ' My sweet child, it was 6uch a success. I have come to tell you about it : but it nv'ssed its greatest attraction. . If only you had been there. The guests , enjoyed themselves immensely, and they were loud in their- praises of everything. Mr. Quiulan waR really wonderful. He is so handsome, my dear, aud I really thing he admires you, for he said ? ' ' D -n't, p'ease, Mrs. Findlay. You know I don't believe in compliments.' » 'You dear, humble child. My husband said, quite out of his own held, after Mr. Quinlan had m^nVionei your name. ' What a handsome pair they would make.' ' ' Very unlike Canon Findlay to make such a re mark,' said Inez impatiently. ' Well, he certaiuly said something like it : but don't be displeased Inez, it is a joke, though I think Mr. Quinlan is in earnest. He said after the party, ' You have not two Miss Desalliouds in your socety.' I said, ' No ; but remember her Spanish blood, Mr. Quinlan.' ' Inez looked out of the window feeling she must stop Mrs. Findlay's tongue, but how 'was this to be done ? ' Come aud lunch with me, dear, you shall hear him take off the o'.d fogies. He does it to perfection. No wonder my dear Countess likes to have him near to her ; she adores wit.' ' Oh, no, no. I can't leave the house, I promised Hetty.' ' But he particularly wishes to recommend some body : oh, I forget who it is, but it has tordo with something clever.' Inez altered her mind ; she must see him once mere ani here was an opportunity. She forgot prudence and everything ehe. She must get that letter iroin him, and must tell him of her engagement, for she dared not write to him. .. . ' Could he call here for a minute, then ? ' '? ' Certainly if you don't mind— he is going away soon. I shall die of dullness after his dep irtiire.' ' Is lis going? ' ' Yes, to- morrow ; hetalks of settling here for the summer ia order to paint this sweet old monastic town.' 'Yes.' Inez laughed a little; after Easter Neve Quintan might settle where he liked, it would be nothing to her. 'That would be a real happiness for me. Intel lectual men are so refreshing, and then art is so sat'sfying. He knows ? all those lovely French artists. Claude Monet and that Impressionist school, aud Degas, you know. English people thiuk his 8'iort petticoated girls quite improper, but then Eiglish people don't mind going to see ballet dances. Propriety is a dreadful hypocrite, my dear.' ' Yes.' ' Of course it's best to appear shocked in certain positions, but really there is a want of proportion in morals that amuses me.' ' It'B arbitrary, you mean.' '-That is well pat. Yes, that's it, one' really doesu't know where oue is after a t'me. Now Charles has quite ludicrous ideas aboiit propriety. He lacks imagination. I really ought to have married an imaginative man. Well, I'll go and tell Mr. Quinlan what you say. You are distrait petite, come cheer up. Hetty wdl soon be back, and she is quite fitted to bo a garde maladc, you are made for the grand theatre of life. Your beauty, as did mine, opens a wide sphere. Mine, alas ! cheated me ; but yesterday I said how well I should have' been fitted to hold a salon.' ' Women only want one thing, the one they can't get easily, they want to be happy,' said Inez, half to herself, ' ani there are so few thing3 that inaks them happy.' '? Then all the more reason they should take care to get one of them. Good-bye, little philosopher, I know he will come quickly ; he worships beauty.' She wrapped her cloak about her aha sailed away, kissing her hand so repeatedly that Huuter, much to his disgust, came iu for one of her blown kisses. ' ' Mrs. Jezabel' shouldn't desecrate the Close, if I was Dean, Mrs. Sutton,' he said, ' no, that she shouldn't.' Left to herself Inez stamped her foot impatiently. When in Mrs. Findlay's society she seemed to be in a bid atmosphere, and yet judged by her own creed, there was nothing wrong in her former friend's life ; she merely lived it in the way she thought best, and was,not that the true motive and standard of life ? ' Now, I too must do the best I can. It is only f or a little tim\ and he goes away to-morrow. How glad I am, and- after that Hetty -comes bask; but what a terrible nightmare it has baea ' She went to her grandfather's study, and opened it gently; he was still sleeping in his armchair, and Inez paused bsfore the old man, who, like a tired child, looked so quiet ani peaceful. Some of the mystery of death surrounds even ordinary sleep. It seams impossible to be angry with even an enemy who is asleep, for a mysterious hand is watching over him. His soul is not here, but is imprisoned we kuow not where. At such timo3 Death and Life gazs steadfastly at each other and suspend their judgments. Inez be#an to envy this calmness of sleep. She was herself so full of anxiety aud restlessness that she felt science could not altogether explain this sleep which nameless gift to man marked a higher intelli gence thaa that possessed by a mere designing machine. ' I want to sleep, too,' she thought. .' I want to 1 rest. Bos:l, Basil, come to me. No, I must do this thing atone. I must tell this man. the truth.' She closed the door softly; it was not usual for her grand father to sleep so long in the morning, and if she had not been so much worried, perhaps she would have been anxious ; jiut as she went into the passage Hunter met her. * ' Mr. ISieve Quinlan is in the drawing-room, Miss.' ' Thank you.' She was half glad and half afraid. 'She did not feel as strong as usual ; that meeting; with -Mrs. Whitewood had unnerved her a little, but she deter mined not to show any fear before him. ' I must be calm and firm,' she thought, pausing on the threshold. ' I must ? . Oh, if -I could for get the past, but I was such a child, so foolish. It is hard.' She paused again to try and regain perfect com posure. If Marie were here Bhe could help her, but Marie despised. weakness and had never loved. At last Inez was ashamed to wait any longer, and still uncertaia what to say she opened the door and found ; herself face to face with Neve Quinlan. The type of beauty to which Inez belonged differed from many another in being but slightly affected by change of light or time of -day. The purity of her outline, her strange and quiet indefinable grace, gave real pleasure to eyes that could in any way under stand beauty. The soft brown waving hair coiled loosely round her head seemed to radiate light around her, and the far off look of the blue eyes did not lack animation, for the passionate feelings could not be altogether suppressed from them as they had been from her mauner. Tbe pleasure she inspired was, therefore, not one that would inevitably fade with greater familiarity. .Shet spoke as sho moved with that poetry of .motion which cannot be acquired, but which is a gift of Nature. Now, as she entered-the room she -did not hold out her hand, and Neve had to let his own fall, as with a smile of ill-suppressed annoyance he said to himself, ' She declares wax — so be it ; but, all the 8ime, she is mine.' Chapter XXI.— AN INTERRUPTED INTER VIEW. Thou'lt sigh, very like, on thy part. Of all I have known or can know, I wish I had only that heart I trod upon ages ago. ' You sent for me, Inez, and I obey you. You see I forgive you what I would forgive no other woman.' He was standing near the window, and a passing figure in the Close looking up made him glance dowu unnn his companion. ' Mrs. Whitewood wonders what I am doing he v,' he added laughing and turning towards Inf z. He' at once noticed a deep flush on her face, whilst her right hand grasped the back of a chair. ' Did she see you ?'' ' Yes ; but I am glad. I want them all to know that you are the only woman I care for, and that 1 love you in spite of your changed character, and per- - haps because of it. Corns and sit dowu, Inez ; we are not going to enact a scene in a play.' He laughed lightly, and gently draw her to the big chair near the fire. Inez longed to repulse him, but she felt almost unable to stand or to resist his power ful wdl. She felt he was powerful, aud his very power made her hatred stronger. He stood beside her as if to keep guard over her. ' Look here ; it's no u?e our saving these foolish in terviews. I love you andlong ago you promised your self to me. You. say you don't love me now, but I won'ttake that for an answer. Idon't want your love, I want you. You have altered, but so have I. I was a dolce-far-niente young coxcomb when we first met, now I know the worth of mo3t thing*, and the use lessne3s of many others, chiefly as to that which the foolish call 'lore.' They don't know its meaning in the least. Most men and most women are in cipibleof understanding it rightly.' ' Yes, and you are among the number.' ' Not at all. I never blinded mysslf in the least about my motives. I knew that whoa the lovely child came to me aud put herself in-— well, my power shall I say — I did not love her. The prize was too easily wou, perhaps. Her beauty fascinated me, but a in in is never so far blinded by love as to forget all his other interests. At that time it would have been extremely bid for both of us to hive run away with each other — some would have done it — but — ' ' I remember the pastas well as you do,' said Inez, having now somewhat stilled her tremble! liaibs, ' you need not repeat it.' ' No, indeed you do not quit', understand what h ip )3a -i. Yoa wara horriiiei at my dosortioa, but, Inez, it brought about what you then de.-irdd. I love you now enough and more than enough to satisfy any woman. You, or rather your baauty, has mastered mc. I wo.i't use grand words or go m for melodrama, but I have no reason now to conceal or invent facts. Inez, I love you, you are mine, and you must recognise that I have a right to come and c'aim you.' Inez's eve3 flashed like b'ue star3 in the dark night. ' You are not here to say all this, you need not think so low of me a3 that. I have toid you plaiuly that I hate you. I hate your creed, I despise your blind unreasoning passiou — I won't call it Jove. I . have asked you to come here mere'y that I may tell you the truth, which special circumstances have pre vented me from maWng known publicly — I am engaged to ba married.' She expected to see some sign of defeat on Neve's face, but there was only a slight look of surprise visible. ' Certainly it is not known. Your intimate friend, Mrs. Findlay, does not kuow it. You have kept your sacret well.' 'No, but nevertheless it is true. In a few weeks I shall be out of your power. You have taken a cowardly advantage of a weak girl.' Inpz looked up and reilisad Neve Quinlan did not believe her stitement. He thought she had invented the news on purpose to annoy him. ' This is all nonsense, Inez ; look at this letter.' He calmly took his pocketbook from his pocket. ' I think an intending husband would recognize a first claim.' The blue eyes sparkled again. The old impetuos ity rose to the surface— for character is almost un conquerable. ' You disbelieve me because you have no honour yourself.' ' Excuse me. Are women to break their word and then to accuse men of dishonour. Is that f-ur ?' He liked to see her thus. Her scorn didn't really touch him, though he pretended it annoyed him. ' You may say and think what you please, but I am free of you. The foolish promises of one's youth . cannot be held to be always binding. I am going to marry a man I love.' ' t hope he is assured thatyounow mean what you say.' Inez could not contain herself any longer. Ina bility to make this man balieve her, anger, fear, and despa-'r all rendere 1 her desperate. ' Mr. Basil Whitewood is a man of honour, and knows how to— to- — ' Inez felt herself unable to finish her seutence. She had gone through too much, and she stopped short. Tears, in her case representing no small agony, fell slowly on to her black dress. The next moment she bitterly repented of her weakness, a weakness which, however, .she could not help, for Neve had knelt down and covered the hands with kisses, kisse3 which seemed to burn her, making her speechless from indignation. She tried to rise and to release herself, but she dared not call out. She saw now how foolish she had been to put herself in this position. 'HuBh, dearest, don't imagiue anyone'6 claim on you is as great as mine. You trustee! yourself to me ones : was it then misplaced ? Think—' ' ' Let me go. I hate you. I despise you. If Mr. Whitewood were here you would not dare—' 'I don't know him, but I would dire a good deal for you. You cmnot cast me off.' ' I can and I will.' Inez struggled to her feet, only to find Neve's arm round her. It was safer to be quiet, even though every limb was trembling. ' Will you go, Mr. Quinlan, if you value at all the namo of a gentleman. I have told you that I am ongiged to another m m, to a man I love with all my heart.' 'But another to whom you promised everything love3 you, Inez.' He stooped to kiss her hair, \\.but at that moment H inter's step was heard ani evea Neve considered or linary prudence necessary. He let go of her but not soon enough to give Inez time to move away, and w'lan Huuter flung open the door and said, '-Mrs. W i:teivood,'.it was to. find Inez so close to the stranger, and so evidently taken by surprise, that even Hunter could not but feel certain 'Miss Inez was up to some foreign ways.' Covered with shame and bitter confusion, Inez yet blessed Mrs. Whitewood's entrance. Neve sat down as the ladies did so, but even a stranger could not have mistaken Maiy Whitewood's unspoken indig nation. ' I was passing by, Inez, and I thought ? ' ' Thank you, Grandfather is better to-day. He is having a long sleep or I should not be able to leave him.' ' Hetty never leaves him,' said Mary sternly. 'I thought the doctor had given orders ? ' ' Oh yes, at night Hunter sleeps in his rooin.' Inez spoke as if in a dream'. Had she been quite herself she would not have answered thus meekly. ' I did not know you received company in the morning.' Mary looked Neve fuil in the face. She had ocular demonstration now and she meant to have no. pity. ' ' We are old friends,' said Neve calmly ; and how was it possible for Inez to contradict him ? ' Indeed ! I did not know it.' ' There are Close secrets I see,' said Neve, laugh ing a little ironically. He was angry with this woman for having deprived him of some precious minutes ; and besides she was the mother of the man who had robbed him of Inez. Robbed him — no, he woull have her yet by fair or foiil means. She was beauti ful in every mool, only with such a woman could li«- cscape the boredom of life ; but. with her — lie did not ask her love, that would come, all was possible. Some women's hatred was worth purchase, r nd Inez was one of them: but he did not understand a woman of Mrs. Whitewood's type. She was not within his line of vision. ' I have special business with Miss Desillioud this morning,' Mary said in her gentle voice, but whoso tone was now- very firm. 'Inez, could you ask your friend to call 1 iter as I have now but a few minutes to spare.' By this time Inez had recovered her presence of mind. The pain she had gone through did 'not, however, prevent her pride from asserting itself. Mrs. Whitewood had doubted he; yesterday ; she was doubting her row, and deserved to be treated coldly. But then her request was a very good excuse for getting rid Sf Neve. Alas! she had not got back her letter ; she had gained- nothing but exira pain. She was like a wild animal taken in a net - frying to ! gnaw away- the entangling cords and finding the effort nuavajling, for they were all around her. She rose and rang the bell, then mechanically held out her hand to Neve. - y ' He took it; he could not do otherwise; he even held it a moment. , Whan can I see you again ? ' ' Wheh=you like,' she said to him, but looking at Mrs. Whitewood, though she never meant to see Neve again ; no, never. 'Thank you; then I will call on my way to the train to-morrow. Good-bye till then.' 'Good-bye.' She stood still till he shut the door, then, with a deep sigh of relief, she turned back to face her new enemy. She wanted comfort aud help so much, and Basil's mother only came to give her pain. She felt cold and stony though a reckless courage kept her up. ' Inez I came in on purpose. I saw that man with you yesterday, and to-day I saw him at your window. You were angry with me for what you deem my interference, but you can hardly raiilise what imprudence may -lead to. I-am not going to question you, but from that man's manner I can hardly doubt that he adm;res you. In that case ? ' 'Then I will not contradict you if you do not doubt it.' ' Inez, don't be angry— let me finish, as Basil's mother.' - Inez flushed. How she hated ' Basil's inother at this moment, but . she said nothing, she must say nothing, she must entrench herself behind a wall ot' silence. She could not explain, for explanation would not mend matrera, .and she alone knew how truly, how entirely her love was given to Ba-il. He should not be grieved by hearing of this if she c uld help it ; surely he would pot suspect her. ' As Basil's mother you must know that any mystery is very painful to me. If you can explain this I — you know, dear, that I shall be glad.' Mary tried to speak gently. ' What am I to explain ? You say Mr, -Quinlan admires ine ; you say there is a mystery. If this were true, what right ? ' ? ' That is it, Inez, you are too proud to bear (he least questioning, the least doubt. You are pre? paring for yourself and Basl future misery wh'ch ' you will regret. Be open with him, at least, if not with me ; tell him everything. It is saf«-r. wiser, dear, to begin married life without a cloud balween you.' - The words sounded low and musical, like soft rain in a hot desert, in another moment tbe girl's pride would have been melted, in another moment she would have burst iuto tears and allowed Bis lis mother to comfort her,' but suddenly -Mary -ad led — ' Yes, I am sure you will save yourself aud him pain if you hide.nothing, ycu will evau be happier if you settle to part before you ruin each other's lives. No one knows, so there, will be no. public questions asked.' That soft moment was past : what Mrs. Whitewood wanted, thought Inez, v as an excuse for parting h- r and Basil, that was all she wanted and that excuse she should not hare, she sVuld not know the truth. ' I have already told Mr.- Quiulan of my ergage m3nt : it is no longer a secret/' ' Without first asking 13a il ? He will be hurt. I thought you had both settled not to disclose the en gagement.' Mary saw her loophole filled up. ' Mr. Quinlan is going away— as— a— as an old friend I wanted him to know it— arid now if you will excuse me, Mrs. Whitewood, I ought to go to my grandfather.' - - , Again Inez rose and rang the bell. She was colder, harder than before, her course of action was perma nently influenced by these two interviews, for nolw she had resolved to struggle alone. ( To be continued.). 