GATHERED RUE. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. B? Slucbxok Gat, Author of " Drifting under the Southern Crow," " Aoro«s the Gulf," &o.; CHAPTER XXVI. "fbantio had, with evbb hobh unbest." j Value must always be relative, and varies ' trith varying ciroumstanoes. A necklace that would purchase a wife or a canoe in New 1 Guinea is but a worthless string of sheila in 1 the eyes of civilisation. Diamonds have no value to the man who 9ees their delusive ] sparkle when he is seeking the water for whioh j he is dying. What value has a meal to a mau • who has just dined with the Lord Mayor; a : title to him who begs bread ; a eopper to a • Bothsohild; a priest to a dying Protestant; a ! wig to a new-born babe; "or a skipping-rope j to a paralytic! The value of Ekaterinska in Underwood's eyes was greatly enhanced by its comparative ' neighbourhood to Moondabnrra, with the j opportunities its possession would give him of oaUing frequently at the home that sheltered Mora Tremayno; for this reason its intrinsio Talue was raised and he was prepared to give rather more for it than he considered it worth. Basil Tremayne's objeot in acquiring it had been, in the heat instance, to save his dead brother-in-law'e name from the obloquy of bankruptcy bytakingoverthemortgagesupon it. He had been foiled in that objeot by the petty vindiotivehesB of Oraven'a banker, who j happened to be the eamo from whom Tre- . mayne had withdrawn his ncoount some years , before for an aotion of his whioh, Tremayna i considered, involved a breach of good faith, if ] not of honour. This banker, or bank manager rather, now took advantage of a delay m oom plying with the letter of the law (caused by , the press of business on Basil's hands at the time of his mother's sadden death and . Craven's suicide) and placed Trsmayne in the position of having to purohasein the open market against any other bidders. . , In this ease Basil would have had nothing to j do with it but for th6 knowledge that Under- j wood was especially desirous of acquiring it, and so placing himself at his doors, as it were, at Oondalla. From there he could make himself obnoxious as a neighbour in many ] vexatious ways—such hb coraoulsory fencing, boxing his Books with the Oondalla sheep, disputed boundaries and water frontage, and by introducing "cockatoo farmers" on the lands adjoining Tromayne's. So that Ekaterinska gained a higher value in his eyes, and he determined to possess it, no matter what prise Underwood should run it up to. A very email knot of uninterested spectators had gathered in the spacious salerooms of the •Sydney agents and auctioneers. They looked on with indifferent gaze until, in effect, the struggle between the rival bidders became a strenuous one, and Underwood had over stepped by some hundreds the priae he had already determined was its utmost value, even with the advantages its position gave in ; hie eyes. BubTremayne, with a oool undaunted nod to the auctioneer, overbid him each time, looking straight past his antagonist as though he had never seen him before. Then the on- j lookers bsoame excited with eaoh fresh bid, and applauded equally Tremayne's consutn- ■ mate coolucss and determination and Under wood's fiery eagerness. j The victory, as we have eeen, fell to J Tremayne, and Underwood stalked out of • the saleroom beaten and scowling. I Boon afterwards he went to a club of which he was an honorary mcuib«r,_ and where he was standing on the verandah in conversation with the member who had put up his name, when Tremayne came in acoompanied by Diok Brabazon, who had just returned from a trip to the old country. They eat on the club verandah talking together of various things in low intimate | oenvernation, when Underwood'e voice, pur posely raised that it might not fail to reuoh them, silenced them, " Yes, I have been bidding for Ekaterinska, the plaoe my poor wretoh of a cousin, -Clifford Craven, owned. Fact is I did not want it myself, but I was determined to run it up that justioe might be done, and that the man who wanted should not get it for a mere soDgand do the widow and the creditors out of the money, as it was obvious he meant to." The gentleman he was talking to said some thing in a lower tone. "Yes, poor old obap," Underwood said, "committed suicide, you know, because of < his wife. She might pass for a devil incarnate, i Only for her very human frailties — faoilo in morale and drinks like a fish 1 Doubtless some I of her lapses from the path of virtue came to 1 her Ihusband's ears, eo he, feeling himself j too weak to oope with such a oalamity, shot himself as the shortest way out of the j disgrace" He said no more. Tremayne etood before him and looked him straight in the face with an expression in whioh there was no anger— only cold oontempt. He stood in an easy attitude whioh was full of latent strength. He looked nobly stern and self-contained—in j striking oontrast to Underwood, who had involuntarily stepped backwards a pace and moved restless feet and hands, while his i features worked with ignoble passion. BR3il j held a alight oane be bad taken from Dick | Brabazon, who willingly relinquishing it, -stood by his side to help, if need be, in the oondign punishment to be in flioted. Basil held the oane as if it were a foil, pressing the point slightly on the ground, and -spoke in his habitually low tone, deliberately and slowly. " Will you withdraw your statements about | thalady whose name you have mentioned, and make an instant and ample apology for utter ing them ?" "Certainly not 1 No one knows better than | you, her brother, how true they are, ruuoh as you may naturally desire such truths kept in the baokground of oblivion." Underwood'e tone was as insulting as he oould make it, and be appeared not to notice any menace in the j cane Tremuyne held, though be blanched per ceptibly. " You refuse to apologize ?" " Not only refuse, but I reassert that what I have stated is the truth, and that you know it." " Then you must take the oonsequencea of your baseness." The oane was raised now, and with one forward movement, whioh Underwood oould not avoid, Basil grasped him by the collar of hie ooat and held him firmly des'pite hie strug gles and iteration in coarser language of his accusation against Katberine Craven. Then he belaboured him with intense good will until the alight oane broke in two. He did not regret, either then or afterwards, that he oould not iufliot a severer punishment with the weapon he hada seized. Thedisgraoe was the same, and the ignominy of a publio horse whipping would suffice. He throw the pieces of oane from him and released Underwood. "That iB how I treat a blackguard who blackens a woman's; character in public/' heeaid. "Yon shall give me satisfaction.for this insult. lohajlengeyou to fight a dud with me 1" Underwood picked up the pieces of ] cane and flung them at Basil, but they flew j wide of their mark. He oast appealing j glances around for sympathy and support, but 1 every one present obviously turned from him with disgust. "Bahl You must get your satisfaction at ] law. I shall not fight you." Basil turned away with Brahszun, and in a few minutes the ] verandah of the olub was left to Underwood, who, hastily settling the disorder of his attire, entered the olub. A notioe that moment was ■ being posted on the boards to the effect that : Mr. Geoffrey Underwood's name was erased ] from the list of honorary members. It ■ was signed by the member who had proposed ' him. , Basil wsa summoned to appear at the Police j Court for the assault, and, after a cursory and perfunctory hearing of the particulars, was ' ordered by the magistrate, with a lenient ; smile, to pay a fine of five pounds. Geoffrey Underwood went on board a j P. & O. steamer, bub whether he went farther than Melbourne none knew, and as he appears i no more in this history we need not enquire. 1 The horse-whipping appeared in the papgrs ] with suppressed names, but never became a j matter of notoriety. Katherine never heard i of it among her opium dreams by the sea- j shore; nor Mora in her happy patient waiting ! for the reconciliation whioh she was sure j must oome soon. When they did meet, and Basil knew what' special news she had for him, all must be well with them. Margaret was far away, and her < name would never be breathed between them, while by-and-b.v there would oome a little one of herown who would wipe away with one touch of its tiny helpless fingers the jealousy of the child of that unknown woman which Mora dimly recognised at the very bottom of her trouble. She found the heat very trying during the long weeks following Christmas, but she waa content to lie in a hammock in the shade of the great white oedars and dream awav the days with a volume of Shelley, an old copy of Montaigne or De Musset, or some sterner volume of Matthew Arnold, of Herbert Spencer, or of Emerson, waiting and looking forward longing to annihilate time and ipace. Yet with all her iove and longing her little notes woekly were but a dry statement that she was well and that Mrs. Wilmott etill remained with her, that Oiga had come and gone, and oerbain letters which seemed euffi oientiy important were enclosed ; while his to her related first his arrival in Sydney, then the date of his departure from there, that he was ■well, bab Sydney was very hot with ft preva lence of the trying wind known as " brick fielders"—whioh thoy say is so strong that Sydney umbrellas are made witb an extra number of ribB to withstand being instantly blown inside out. No mention of the future, merely a bald record of the moment to keep up appearances ' for her sake. I'h-lip Armstrong turned up with the regu- ' larity of an annuity, ready with his valise to aooompany Basil to Ekaterinska, where be dreamt away five happy days on the scene of | .Clifford Craven's abortive experiments, and where ho wrote a plaintive ode inspired by the esd note of the curlew, aud a humorous sonnet J to the frogs in the marsh. He was so delighted with their hollow erbak-oroak, it Bounded so cynical and pessimietio in the quiet evening when the bustle of the head station had oeaeed and the crack of the stockwhip was silenced. While Basil was busy with the manager in the hot littlo roam that did duty as office, Armstrong lay at full length on the dry grass under the loquat-trees, looking up at the Southern Cross and dreamiag dreams happy j and whole-hearted for having cheated for once the demon that pursued him. I In the hush of the still luxurious warmth of the evening air voices softened by distauce . floated up from the men's huts. He listened. The stockmen were singine a song that he had written years sgo and had almost forgotten. It amused him to have it recalled in this way; he remembered that when writing it he had hoped it might become a favourite lyric with the men to whom mustering was the reality of their lives. It amused him etill more to find that they had tacked a refrain of their own to eaoh verse to suit the exigency of j the time or the requirements of those who wished to join in and yet knew not the words. He had called it THE MDSTKB. It ran— The hot sun strews, the mirage gleams, The gumireea yield a scanty s - a o; The white dust Hies in mouth and eyes, Intent on work no man's dismayed. The bulls turn back, tbe stockwhips crack Their long, lithe thongs like pistol shot; No spur of steel tho horses feel. They know their work and (ear it not. The cows with calves seem torn in halves, Alarmed thoy know not where to turn; The heiiers gaze in wild amazs— Their lesson they lisve yet to learn. Through close muliee, o'er fallen troo, T'no good steeds gallop, wheel, and spin; Bellowing all the .-aU'ocili, The blue bills echo back the din. With heaving Hanks tlicy break tlie ranks. With lowered hornstliey stand at bay; With crack of whip and caddie grin Tho stockmen charge and gain the day. On, on, they go, dogged by their foe, They've lost the chance to mike astsnd, Their hopes are dead, for straight ahead The storkyard loometh close at hand. The dog< all bark, It's getting dark; The long day's work is nearly dons. And strong high posts receive the hosts. The muster's o'er by set of sun. And to eaoh verse they shouted a jubilant ohorus Bun in the nags, roll up the swags, For we're all off a muster-r-i-n-g I A simply expressed wish from Basil that his presence at Ekaterinska should not be known even at Ooudalla was sufficient. Every one believed tbe necessity for secrecy had some thing to do with the completion of the trausfer of the property, nnd respeoted it up to a certain point; but that was a point to whioh their matter oould or would not specially allude ; therefore the mailman hap pening by chanoe to see Mora herself as he rode through Moondaburra with his paokhorse spoke of her husband's presence with a great air of seoreoy, as though of oourse she must already know of it. Then she trod on air and spent every moment of her time watching the road by which he would oome. Then aay by day her heart sank, until tne usual weekly letter from Basil, in which h e mentioned having been very busy both at Ekaterinska and in the oapital, but that he hoped to be able to ebart for Yowarree in a few days, from whence his letters should be more regular. Then his unyielding nature became fully apparent to her, and she broke .down in her etern resolve to meet him only on equal terms of forgiveness. She brdered horses to be got ready for starting to Brisbane the next day, and against Mrs. Wilmolt'a earnest entreaties started on one ot the most oppressive tiays of 1 the summer for her long drive. ! ■ In her feverish impatienoe the long miles of ! monotonous gum forest seemed interminable, j and the stillness and heat weighed her down ] with a sense of physios! compulsion and ] hindrance. The nearest hotel reoeived her j tired frame and wearied spirit late at night, but not too late to send a messenger off to ] the Olnb to implore her husband to come at j onoe to see her. The man was to wait if Mr. Tremayne was ont and to give the note into no other hands. She was prepared for a certain delay, butter ] messenger came back very quiokly. Mr. Tre mayne had started that afternoon by steamer for Rookhampton. Tossing all through the hot night on her bed Mora wept bitter teara. She could not yet ] acknowledge that she had been entirely wrong, but the situation had" become unbearable, and she thought there wasnothiug ebe would uobdo { to bring him baok to bear her petition. She : would telegraph to him and implore him to ; oo me back, or at any rate to wait where he , was until she could oome to him. With the morning came a different eoixniel. She would make no advanoe to him cntilshe oould go to him with his child io her arms to i plead for her. With this determination ebe j telegraphed to Katharine that she was coming to etay with her for a few days. She was deeply shocked to sec the change a j few months had mads in Kavherine. Duma resque had said she looked old and wizened, her magnificent hair bad become sparse and lustreless, and her ekio looked tense and yellow. Her manner was listless and absent, and exhibited none of the fiery passion and impatienoe whioh used to characterize it. Bridget Moran was singularly kind end tender with her, treating her like a ohild. When Mora had been with her a day o; two Katharine seemed to wake up to the fact 1 that ber sister-in-law was unhappy and suffer ing. She questioned her about Basil, and heard of ] theestrangemsnt whiehstillexisted. Shotalked it over when Mora was sitting sadly on the beach with old Bridget, whose quick Irish heart beat quickly to the reoital. " The poor oraythure," she murmured, pityingly; "sure, it only wants a worrud to clear it up. I wish, darlin', you would go to confession an' let the holy father teliye what to do.' Kat.herino answered hor roughly, and swore j she would go to her deathbed without uttering j a word. Bridget harped upon the subject until Katherine left her in sullen anger, saddling with her own hands the beautiful horse she was in the habit of riding daily more from custom than inclination, for she | did not disguise from herself that hor nerve was not what it had been, and that she trembled like a leaf after a tussle for eupre- | macy with the spirited animal. Mora went baok to the distracted Mrs. Wilmott, looking like the ghost of herself, with sad, weary eyes that seemed to be looking ont on a hopeless future. One ray of comfort oarao to Mora at this time, a letter from her father announcing that he woe beginning to piue for the smell of the j putnleaves and the sight of his darling, and j ehoald be with her after only a year of absence j instead of two. He landed in Brisbane the very day a little ' granddaughter was born to him at Moonda burra. As fast as he oould get there he went to see them. ( Ha marvelled greatly at Basil's absence at ; such a time, hut eat down and wrote reams of I desoription of the dear, sweet, pale face of the j yonng mother, and the fuuny little dark one of the infant, who was eo like Basil. Bab baok from Yowarrea oame no word, no sign from Basil. After many weeks' silence, when Mara was convalesoant and the baby was hping oarried about the verandahs, a little ] fluffy bunoh of muslin and laces, he recognised his own letter to Basil at Yowarree amongst others whioh were readdreesod to him at Moondaburra. He could not quite understand it. It seemed strange that if Basil had left Yowarree before his letter arrived there that he had not already arrived at Moondaburra, whore uo news of him of any sort had been reoeived. Mora's attitude under this w mt of intelli gence filled him with surprise; she seemed so unsuspicious of mishap, so little impatient of delay. Ho blamed her for it a little, thinking she was too much wrapped up in her child to | remembsr her husband. He was wrong in the conclusions he drew frem these signs. Mora evaded the snbjeot j solely because sbo wished to avoid his j questions. Hor delight in the joy of mother hood could not fill her heart to the exoluBion of other thoughts, and knowing that by this time Basil must have heard the to him unex pected news of the birth of her child she hoped that he would set out at onoe for home. It was not until her father told her of his own letter being amongst thoee read dressed to Basil from Yowarree that she lost heart. Then her reetlessness and impatience grew | upon her, and she insisted upon going to Brisbane at onoe. that she might have every facility for news, and for sending and receiving , telegrams. Mr. Kirby spent hours at the telegraph offices paying enormous sums for special messengers to ride to Yowarree; but th- only, nows they could get was to the effect that Tremayne had left tbere witli one mau in his j buokboard buggy on such a date. By the aid of the telegraph they traced him I for a few stages, and then no more could be heard of him. and Mora lay orushed under this terribled read that she would sever tnorB see him alive. 