THE PUBLIO MEETING. Shortly before 8 o'oteak the public meeting commenced in the church, when there was a very fair attendance. Mr. Joohn Greenham presided, and there were also on the rostrum the R?e. W. 8mi:h (pat:r of the Chorch) ond . the Rev. Jseph Walker (peetor of the Brie baoe-etreet Coogregational Church), together with Mr.J Moorbouene, of the Methodist cir coit. The meeting wae opened with singing -nd prraer, after whkih The CaaRtAO delivered a short address. They were there, be acid, to celebrate another asnivernsry, twelve mnonthe hoaving elapoed einoe the last one wee baheld. They bad come toanother milestone in their lives, and the thooght that had struck himn weeas that a great namuer of prominent people cho bad occupied good poeitions bad eessed away sinee their last anilvereeryr eoprcially during the pest sir moothe Thosea erronahad left their record, end it was very dfJcult to fiti their pieces. He-tboogbt. that tome of the Obristiao workerL-- eerpeoially the Methodists--were too maob scattered, and he considered that, if they ombtined their forces more, they would do mch better. (Gear, hear.) He hoped the time weold come when eanhob would be ebshe case -no doubt it would be so some lday-and he esogbfthat theyshoeld try to initiate some. -thig ?stbst direction in Ipswich es an enample to otbbr ploen in the colony. It had been ~4d.that the nineteenth centory bad been an ageOf great aobieemeunte in the way of ms ohlerryheleotricitl, cod other Inventlioos, hut tht ~ht lorthoointg. eo podnd he one ef s tewidea-tbat of tree cocialism. They had u. avdtqgreat deal about tbie during the pest twoor three Fears, and he did not want to hear it repeated. It waee a pilty that this oelony coold not set a better enample to other Plecea. We had a great deal to thank our legielntice fcr in the way of eucoitiosnl and ar.ay aber pr.lgesOand, with b ccc msobinery, education, and aioeaoement, we ought to show the races of various parts at the wortld a hbtter exampleas a oommuri:y. (Appluoee.) Mr. B Robioeon then very msmpathetioally recited 'Carfcw Shall Not Ring To-night," while Mr. J. WV. Ioram was bherd to eadvant age in the aO~o. "Look Unto Uo Oh Lord," both items receiving much approbation. Mr, Moonnorso, during the oourse of an earnest speech, said that he believed that when a revival in Chri kan work broke out, it would take hold of the youog men. It war, he urged, the lack of Christ;iou enthusiastm that wee eonusing the Courchb life to be so backward. The Charoh wanteld reviving, so as to establish eotbasiasm in the work of God. Christians should first of all get the fire of the Holy Ghost in them, so as to loke a deep interest in the work, Christian entloeiaem was the fnounda tion of Christian work, and what was waetCd weea more fire in the Churohee, Not only did they need to hove the file of the Holy Ghts', but there muesobe a deep love for the salvation of souala, for they wrnted to win souls, and preaching was of no avail unltee soule were obtained, Tne people ehoeld also evios e a great love for Chriet. (Applanse.) A hymn having been sunc, The Rev. JooePa Waesa gave a very practical address. He said that they wanted enthusiasm in the work of Cbriat--s deep per seonial enthuelasmm--the enthusiasm of the quiet man, the enthusiasm of the man who was note a quiet man, and theenthusiasem of the pragmatio mas, who was never in a hUrry Or enrprleed1 ie eonai'tred that the olonialh, i" the rollraha spirit woald take hold of them, were the makings of some of the beet men and women of the world. (Hear, hear.) It they were trained aright there was not one in the world to sorpaess them, but let them go wrong,andthersewould be depths of iniquity in Aestralia that sutd n? be found anywhere else. Speaking of the Methodist Union, the speaker sai that in the post the Methodists had been marked by division-sepmration-bat now Ihaere was a tendency, not to separation, but to naiese again. In one place in Votorits-aemall town--there w?ere three Methodist charshes, visited by three presohers, asod yet the oongrega tios of the three did not number more than 100, the same Gospel being preaohed in all three. Thounion of the Methodist Ohurchee meant a tremendona infloenee on all publio qoeastionn, which he believed would be nearly irresistible. It would also bea great smving of labour, and, if they werein unity to-day, he believed that above 100 ministers could be sent cut in distant planoes to preach the Gospel. Be also thought that the reslt of each a union wonld be that Christian work woald be done more effeotivesly. Muab information weeas im. parted to thtose present enoerning the mission of the Raw. Mr. M'Netlll to Brisbane, Mr. Walker stating that he had tried to get the rev. gentleman to oome to Ipswich, bhot that he was quite unable to come through stress of work and owing to having to fill Southern engagejsents. He hoped that the Chutroh whose anniversary tbhey were then celebrating would have a very neood year, as what was their prosperity in Christian work was also his, for their oanes was one, and both he and they had to serve the one Master. (Applasesa Mr. J. E. Greenham then sang wsth good effect " Behold i StIoed at the Door," and was much applauded. Mr. Wr.,uMe BUTL?RI, of Brisbane, then spoke, atlceg that he believed bhe had been present at every amnivereery 'f the Churoh anoe0 he had been in Qoeerntnd, and he would like to see the Chranrc preosper. A revival of Christian work was wanted, and he considered that there was auioelent manerialia connection with that Cheruh to make it a power for good. The Rev. W. SMtrra said that that bChurob had been to him and his co-workers a soarue of anxiety, as is bad beento tshe ministers who had previously bhad ohargeof it. Still, be had always worked smoothly in regard to it, and he liked preachiag there thoroughly well. (Bear, hear.) There were many reasons haby they should stand by that Oburch. They were all poor people in the oironit, aned 'there. was nota man, either a member or cfeoal, among them-right from lak to Goodna-who oould say, " BHre, Mr. Rmith, there is£5 to help on the funds." Tbhefode had thrown them bathk tremandonaly, and the bad time had been keenly felt by them, but now their financial aooont waim fairly hopefel. The y had not a largestook of new theology; it wees about sa large ai their stook of money. (Langhter.) The simple reason of that was that they found the grand old Gospel wai suffioient for them. oBear, bear.) Re would atk the friends to rally up, and eaoms to the servier. They were in debt yet, as they owed £150 on that bhild. leg, and had to borrow £5 trom the Obairman to pay the interret on that. Be ooooluded by moving a vote of thanks to the ladies who had provided the tee, to those who had assisted by singing or rreoitig, to the Chairman, and all others who had.ie any wpy helped to make the anoniversary a aoneoeaer. This was seonded by Mr. MooRHooUsE, nd oartried with acclamation. The singing of the doeology and the pro. tioneoing of the benediotion terminated the proceediage. 