LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE PULPIT AT FAULT. SZB,— Tho logic of 'Christian Experi ence ' pMseth understanding. Because Messrs. Clarke and Field have had the honest daring to elevate the Creator above the plane of savagedom, far away above the standard of a Nero, then are these men guilty of advancing heathenish views. Ac cording to this logtai had Messrs, Clarke and Field degraded God by making Him tbe author of all the sufferings of humanity, beholding with infinite pleasure the great bulk of mankind plunged into Ia material lake of fire and brimstone, to be tortured through endless ages by a personal devil and a legion of imps. then would they be scoring far above the loathsome caves of heathenism, fast approaching the illimitable plains of Paradise, such logic, Mr Editor, is in comprehensible. To elevate is heathenish, to degrade is Christlike. This logic I can*' not accept. ' Christian Experience' advises Messrs. Clarke and Field to go to some of the rev! gentlemen to obtain the truth. Does 'Christian Experience' look upon these men as the standard of truth ? If en, why does he not accept the New Testament, revised version 1661. This ver sion occupied the giant intellects of the most profound theologians of England and America for seven years. These men, thoroughly versed in the languages of the ancient manuscripts, made it their great aim and object to arrive at truth, and after seven years of profound research in council assembled they came to tho honest conclu sion that hell meant Hades or Gehenna, the covered place, the grave. Those great scholars, Doctors -of- Divinity, according to the logic of ' Christian Experience,' are retrograding, going back to heathenism. The great theological writer, Canon Farr, in his work entitled ' The Larger Hope,' says that there can be no greater blasphemy against a God of mercy and benevolence than to ascribe to trim eternal punishment. And O 'Christian Experience,' because this great and good man has dared to make God a coble philanthropist, according to your logic he fast drifting into heathenism I The great Dr Dale* a profound divine and earnest worker in the cause of truth, well known in Australia, speaking * Tfthat' 'ncSEei land some time ilnflfl, itw that a number of divines in Australia and scouted the doctrine of eternal punishment and the plenary inspiration of the Bible./ himself amongst the number. Tremble, O 'Christian Experience;" it this is heathenism l am afraid it will inundate the civilised world. A great change has come o'er the spirit of the scene, Not far back in the paet the fitterauces of Messrs. Clarke and Field would have been the signal for ' Christian Experience' to use the instru ments of the torture chamber to make these men recant their words ; but now these men dare underwrite their honest convictions, whilst their opponents open fire behind the breastwork of nom de plume. The change is stupendous. The world is no longer being blindly led, They have obtained that sight, and are bravely marching on to the gem-crowned ridge of intellectuality. They have the capacity to think, and at the bar of reason dogma and doctrine must stand or fall. Error must go, but truth is strong and conquereth evermore. Thanking you in anticipation.— Yours, etc,, „ | JAMES RENFERY. Sandhill, September 26, I Sib,— That tho pulpit is at fault cannot be denied it we compare the doctrines emanating therefrom with the teachings ot God's Word, Toe immortality of the soul, heaven and hell going at death, eternal torments in hell, and that terrible monster, a supernatural devii, we doctrines which are freely taught and as freely believed by the majority of church-goers. Now, with regard to the immortality of the soul, it may appear strange, but it is nevertheless true, that the word immortal is only men tioned once in the Scriptures, and then it is applied to God, 1. Tim,, 1., 17. Those oft* repeated words, immortal soul, never-dying soul, are not to be found in God's word. A reward of £100 has been offered time after time tfor one Scriptural proof that man possesses an immortal soul ; but the £100 has never been taken up. for the simple reason that no proof has been forthcoming. The plain teach ing of God's Word is that man is' by nature mortal (Job iv., 17), and that immor tality, or eternal life, is the reward bestowed upon the righteous at the resurrec tion the last day, (John v., 29), The popular heaven and hell theories follow, as a necessity, where the im mortality of the soul is believed. I would like some of our ministers to give as their Scriptural proofs that any of the faithful have gone to Heaven. It is said of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob that they died and were gathered to their fathers, and tbe Apostle Paul in his epistles clearly proves that resurrection precedes the re wards that will be meted out to both faith- ful and unfaithful. The idea of the teem ing millions who have lived, and are now living, in a state of alienation from God being cast into the popular hell, to be tor mented in fire for ever and ever is revolting in the extreme, and certainly will not be entertained where there is a correct understanding of God's purpose with mankind. To say that God would allow millions of our fellow creatures to come into existence only to live a few years and then be cast into a fiery furnace, there to suffer most horrible torture for endless ages, is to turn a loving God into the most dreadful and cruel monster imaginable. What saith the Scriptures ? ' Man that is in honor and understandeth not is like the beasts that perish.' Where there is no law there is no transgression,from which we may assume that - a knowledge of God's will brings responsi bility. Of the rest it may be said, they are dead, they shall not live ; they are deceased, they shaml not rise ; therefore hast thou vicited them and destroyed them, and caused their memory to perish. ' The devil, who is he ?' The clergy tell us that he was a fallen angel, that he possesses the power of being here and everywhere at the same time, and to substantiate the idea of his Satanic majesty being a fallen angel one of your correspondents quotes Rev. xii. 7 . Surely those who quote this to prove a re bellion in heaven before Adam must stagger a little when it is pointed out to them that it describes something that was to happen after the days of John. The things seen by John in Revelations were representative of events future to his time ; this is evident from Rev. iv., 1— 'Come up hither, and I will show thee things which must be here after.' Hence how absurd to quote his de scriptions as applicable to an event alleged to have occured before the creation of the world, What John saw were not real things, but signs or symbols of real things. This is evident from the opening stitement of the Apocalypse, 'He (Jesus) sent and signified it by His angel unto his servant John.' The very nature of the scene described pre cludes the possibility of a literal construc tion. Only read the 12ti chapter, and realise it, reader. The fact is, it is a magni ficent hieroglyph, with a deep political aig nificance, which subsequent history has vivified with this utmost exactness, All these subjects could be enlarged upon, but space will not allow, In closing, 1 would advise your readers to become, like the Bereans of old, Bible readers. The Bereaus searched the Scriptures daily, and if men and women were only to study God's Word for themselves, instead of being con tent with the traditions of men, they would be enabled to discern what God's purpose ies concerning mankind. The times of the Gentiles have well nigh run out, and the return of Christ draws near, hence the im nrrtancc ot searching the Scriptures.— Yours, etc., Henry Stapleton. Bib,— In last Saturday's issue [' Aramis' | quotes seme lines written by the late A.J. Gough, which are well worth examining. The lines suggested a fow more, which I forward witbont any apology lor any want of true poetic or other merit, although 1 plead puilty to a desire to add my humble contribution to the interesting discussion now being carried on in your open columns. um dob't belibvx. Men crt't b-;lieve in a wind goi now, As their fathezs used to do ; But they build their ships on a stronger mould In a fashion strange and new ; And they 'it? to traverte the widest seal With a wioked kind ozmea, I While a&clent; error still skirt* the isw In sight of the port ol creed 1 , Men don't believe Is a Neptune now, Aa their fathers used to do ; So the waves may rage, and the foam nay hisi, And the wind be angry, too ; Tet sever a care hsv tbe modern nit * Bnt to keop his vessel's way, While the old-time devils of wind ana wave In the caverns ol legend stay f Men don't believe In a Vulcan &ow;» As their fathers used to do ; And the gods don't war with the weapon* forged Where the burning mountains grew ; So earth may shake, and the rooks jd*J neltf AnA never a god may fight — Men see tbe True in tbe sunlight now As they fcjt the False in the night 1 Men don't believe in the witches now, As their fathers used $o do ; The witobes' devil has alStf gone With the rest of tbe mythical crew ; And tbe world is better and brighter far For tbe wisdom of later time, In knowledge that wrong must bo rightly borne ^ ' A* the remedy for crime. And must we weep over vanished ghost*, At the loss of the spirits' scourge f Or say tbe winds and tbe waves still chft&i; A departed demon's dirge ? And must we fall as a vanquished host Ere entering on tbe strife ? Or fight tbe devils ot doubt and tear Which harass our human life f And which is better— an idle faitb, Or tbe doubt which strives to win I Is It nobler to mutter—' This must be Bo ln Or to battle and conquer sin f And shall not He who did aU things well, Who made both the day and the night, Shall He not smile on the soul whioh wake* To the dawn ol a grappled light 7 —Yours, etc., ' And T&ebe; Was Light.' September 24. 