THE SPIRITUALIST EXPOSURE IN SYDNEY. Mr. Wallace Nelson, says the Brisbane Courier of the 22nd of October, lectured to a good audience in the Theatre Royal last night, the subject of the discourse being "The Sydney exposure of spiritualism, or a night with the spirits." The lecturer began by explaining that Mrs. Mellon had the reputa- tion of being a wonderful materialising medium, and that for some time back she had created quite a sensation in Sydney, many eminent persons including Mrs. Besant, having been profoundly impressed by her manifestations. was a person who goes behind a curtain or A materialising medium, the lecturer explained, inside a cabinet in a dark or dimly lighted room, whereupon certain forms appear and disappear before the said curtain or cabinet, which forms are alleged to be the spirits of the dead. The parties present sit in a circle holding hands, the spirits with commendable wisdom strongly objecting to any person breaking the circle or turning up the lights. The two important senses, sight and touch, were thus limited in their exercise. A materially-minded person might suspect that this arrangement was made for the purpose of facilitating trickery, but your true spiritualist knows that the ways of the sèance chamber are not the ways of the world, and that gaslight, or indeed light of any kind, has an exceedingly inharmonious effect on spirits. Indeed, the sceptic who insists on light is apt to see matters in a wrong light, and the only way to see them in a true light, is to turn the light out. The most wonderful form appearing at Mrs. Mellon's seance was that of a little black girl called Cissy about 3 ft. high. This spirit could talk and even eat chocolate creams. It would then de materialise. What became of the chocolate creams was not revealed, but perhaps they dematerialised too. At all events on the evening of 12th October Mr. Henry suddenly took hold of Cissy, when, lo and behold, he discovered that he had hold of Mrs. Mellon, who was on her knees. In order to prevent an immediate exposure Mrs. Mellon con sented to give a test seance at the office of the Sunday Times. That lady was duly put inside a wire-netting cage, the door of which was locked and sealed. The sitter sang hymns, the lights were turned down, the audience waited but the spirits obstinately refused to materialise. Mrs. Mellon suddenly took ill, and now she refuses to be seen. He (the lecturer) ventured to predict that in the near future she would go for a change. Mrs. Mellon's case was no uncommon one. All popular mediums eventually get exposed. Those who did not get exposed were the small fry who were not worth exposing. Home, Slade, Bastian, Evans, Katie King, the Toxes- all mediums who had excited general interest, and induced sceptics as well as believers to attend the seance room had ultimately come to grief. Spiritualists often asked how men like Alfred Russell Wallace could believe in spiritualism if it was false, and Mrs. Mellon's exposure was a splendid reply. The lecturer expressed the opinion that men did not believe in spirits because they saw them ; they saw them because they believed in them. It was not the phenomena that pro- duced the belief but the belief that produced the phenomena. He suggested the following test. 1. A 100lb. weight should be suspended just above where the spirit is in the habit of materialising. 2. Whenever the spirit ap- pears the said weight should be caused to fall upon the said spirit. Were that test insisted on, all mediums would turn sick, and the spirits would unanimously refuse to materi- alise. The test might not carry much weight with spiritualists, but he ventured to say it would have considerable weight with the spirits. He concluded by declaring that spiritualism had not added one single truth to the intellectual wealth of the world. Shakespeare, Burns, Faraday, and others had often appeared at seances, but they had wofully degenerated. Shakespeare no longer wrote great poetry. Burns had never in the spirit land done anything equal to " Holy Willie's Prayer," and Faraday had not made a single scientific discovery. The lecturer concluded by saying that he would a million times rather go down into eternal night, he would a million times rather go to Hades for a whole eternity and try to look pleasant, than spend his moments after leaving the earth talking insane gibberish in dark rooms to old ladies of both sexes, and jerking out his poor sentiments through the leg of a table. He believed in turning up the light, not in turning it down, and ventured to say that when the light of science shines throughout the world the spooks and the ghosts would take unto themselves wings and fly for ever away. 