Echoes oi Parliament {Continutd-from our Supplement.) ? Brisbane, August 25. This is precisely what ! stated the other day, that it is the Tlor^er which has caused this discontent^ Tho majority of tho men in tho West just talk what they read in that paper. -I£Uioy thpught for themsolvcs they would not follow tho Worker. Then again — *'? ? ' He could'-not shut his eyes to the. fact that strikes were not broucht about hv agitators or agitation, nor the result of the Brisbane clique v all these things led up naturally from oppression. The workers feel the oppression so much that thej revolt j and to.revplt was to go 'on strike.' It was said that their strikes .meant a tot of time and money lost. He thought the result of their strikes paid better thau would victory.1' Then they began to be more direct in their statements. The Worker said:^ 'hF nn 11 POP if tlio uniiatfArfl int^nA. ' I rough-shod over all- their employees, and will [ not meet representatives of the unions in con ference-for the purpose of hearing^the era ployees* views on matters which so vitally concern them, they must expect a row.' They began the row. Immediately aftor that Martin was sent out as organiser. Of course; he 'tried to tear up the letter which he had in his pocket, following the example of some hon. members of this Hou^e. In that letter ho said-r- ? yijwas instructed to advise men to strike and explain chances of winning.; this I did. Just a£ .1 have arranged things, and had the men nicely inline, I received a 'wire' from Cut-tii informing me that the Hughenden committee advised members to accept terms offered by squatters. Could anything be more annoying V' ? . Ihavc snown tho connection .between tho JForfrer and hon. members and . .the Aus tralian Labor. Federation ; and' ^here. is a man who says he was told to go out and cause d strike. I will now read what the' men, themselves said. ' A meeting -was held a£ Blockoll, when Rickaby, a union delegate detailed the negotiations with the pastoralists, and said that tho unions were not disposed to be put off any longer.* The report of that meeting said that— , ' James Hill wanted a plebiscite taken, and he^ was- willing to abide by the result. He. oojeciea 10 men in .Dcisoaue ana Longreacn forcing matters, and appealed, to the Union mon present whether they had been con sulted. (General chorus, 1 No.') He always understood that the union constitution pro-, vided for a plebiscite to deal with such matters. He did not blame the squatters, as when the unioas had tho power they did not' | (ji; u wiu wjmsmwaB vuuicicuw. 11V OpVUV M a man who had been In the district for sixteen years. Squatters were great tyrants, but they knew which woro the greater tyrants of the two, and those were union men.' That was a mau speaking out of the fulness of his knowledge. Thon John Howe, who said that lio was a shearer, said ' Ho was suro, if a 'plebiscite was taken, that fully two-thirds of the men would vote against astrikos' ; Tho result was just what was prodicted.: Howo wont oa to say— ? ' ? As regards the telegrams read by Rickaby, thoso pccsent would remember telegrams re* ceived during the last strike, that no free laborers were coining, and when tho news papers reported that the men had left, it was sot down as a capitalistic Press lie : but th* men camo right enough, and, if. wanted, the pastoralists could have got a couple of thousands more. .Of the chanco of winnings ho woiTld cay that tho strikers had not the ghost of a chauce. Ho had shorn under the agreemeut without a hitch, but trouble might crop up at any time. ' Ho thought that they kitinnld wnrlr nrT MtAti-'nn1!Wm-r ss-iui.il.«. taid get working men into Parliament beforn another strike. 'Pascoo saidihat the plobiscito voto should liavo been -tfKcn, which would be against a striko, as the unions .were financially paralyseift-^Ho said, ! lot the majority role Thon nnqthor man named Ooith opposod I tlio strike, ''and favored a plobisoito voto, 'Tho AustntUau I-abor Fodoration aro al [ .ways orying out, ' Tho ballot is th5 thing hilt whon it caino to bo a nuostion of .tho inon wisning to liavo a ballot, it was not tho thing lit all. . ' ? . V ?' Rickaby strongly opposed a ballot being, taken, and said he hoped that the Blackall wen woro noe going vo uisgraco inenisoives. ? 'A division warthen taken, when 75 voted against the.strike aud 10 in favour of It, and 0 out of ID reoontly received Government rations at Blackall.' Thnt is tho most important part of tho whole thing. Now I coiao to. Stuart, a' gontlomnii with whnm I havo had a slight acqiuuntanop o'n, tho island— ' He hoped the tlmo would never como . when tho Labor mcmbon luQaceniland wuuld despair of redresa' by .oonstimtionaV ineanr, beoause ff that day .over did coma somebody should get ready to weep. ' Thoy would not pit])- at- soldiers. ' r'.:' ? ' and'allhongb we 1 station hands, but ' are not nsually ' in dispute liy Now I como to anoUier phrnSr^of business, after it has developed ibcwn. thev.^g^J seed -of discontent to tho small^foo strikes and recommendations to sCrike, that part of it where they have accepted John Burns' advicO and-put a 'Httlodevir . yh:H into the striko. The HorA-w says— ; j'*- u After all, our settling up will, depend lately ^-n your attitude. In the past you ?' have-not hesitated to kill; in the future Wf . will-^well, better yon remember that 1 des perateinen are devils also, when a hungn^^^a| IkmI^ contains an educated mind the Tlint is tho first shot from tho IKorArr, and it is followed'up by this^ 41 Cun you b»j surprised* that such men as ^|| ^Bav'achol, Vuillant, anil others like them - Should exist'; their existence -seems to me to ' :m| be the .natural growth of a society that per- . ? mits conditions of this sort. Society manu- . ^*3 factuies them, and society, must put up with -y? an occasional bomb us a reminder that men - are being trodden underfoot, aud, like tho / ? proverbial Woiin, will turn. The wonder to 1-? me is that they have not appeared in Aus- Vt tralia before now^ but it is the firm con victioiy^- f t] of your humble servant that time is the^fily « thing ne.cewary topi, oduce them.' y jj Tho editor of that 'paper has appeared upon y* nearly all the platform's of the colony, and \ 8aysfho decHnes to dbnounco crime.- -This . - gentleman is very much* associated iwith hon. members opposito, and I can^oqly J-. ! gather ? members' principles : dnd;' sym- ' i pathiea from their associates. He'went to *: , Clidrlovillo und sjp^ke. There were twelve J[ I persons present, and this is what tho editor of the Border1 said to them on 8th Fob-., ruary — ?' 'Those- of you who have votes, record * them for the Labor candidate ; those of you who have none, gather into the towns at election ; time and kick np all the row you possibly out by any means in yonr power.— do not mind the consequences.' The labor pro. blem is not to be solx-i d withodt a revolution nr a return of a majority of La!rar. members. If at the next election we are not successful, there are plenty of lis . strong enough .and willing to. settle the question, by'a revolution. Ixiok at : the men'in. France and Spaing what ' they do to solve the question. Th?* make bombs and-. lake them into the House and 6re .them, at, times TcillingSfie&iselves;, and those who escape* when arrested confess their guilt, and their only regret is that Ihey did mot do. more :drstrucHoli*? I hope we ^ shall solve -the question. by returning Labor members; but, one thing I advise you, the question must be settled soon!'! ' . Do hon. members' opposite endorse that statement ? I answer the challenge which has been thrown out by them, and will now remind tlio hon.* member lor Toowong of eertain utterances of his at Milton ? '! I think the number of the unemployed will^ .increase, in the course of the year. I advitc those of you who reside in the suburbs - ' not to be ashamed of yo'urpoverty. You should go into town and parade your.numbeis and yonr poverty, until society is compelled to tako notice of you. I admire theJcourage of hungry * men who are able to pass shops filled with food and frnit. Your moral courage mast be very great, or else yon are cowards. (A. voice: 'Break the windows.') I do not advise yon! to break the windows or. break anything, bnt go into the . streets of Brisbane and make yourselves such a nuisance to ' the authorities ! that they will be driven to do something: for you. If you are sufficiently courageous-to parade the streets as I tell }-ou . now, I will be yonr leader ; but I do not think that niany_ of you have the right grit to follow me. I will stand aloof for the present but when yon reach the nght frame of mind my services will be at your, disposal.' There -were 200 or 300 peoplo present, and they applauded loudly. The speech was taken by a shorthand writer, who was present. The notes wqre taken from him and prepared by another shorthand writer, and this was found to be the result. The hon . member may say that portions of . the report are not true ; but ho has novels up to this denied that its substance is 'per- fectly true. i l now come to tho junior; member for Townsville, 'who used' these words — ' V V The Franchise must be extended to .those western men who are so. grievously afflicted. (A voice: 'A good revolution would make them do it').' Another gentleman present at this meet ing, who took an aotivo ' part in . these matters, said— T . ' It was not the labor men.x'g. bufeed Ayrshire Downs, but men dri\TXLt3ctespera tion, men deserving of their sympathy, men who are wronged and innocent. Who are respousible for these acts ! The men who nave robbed them of .their righto. America, Queensland and everywhere are makinc for revolution.' If they get political power they must resort to forevw.-t' Tho hon mombor for Townsyille was pftv v- /, sen} on that occasion. - Then I find at Longreach, on 20th December, the follow- 'fe Ing took place - ' v - ^ -? '' Mr,.- Kingston moved, ' That this meeting ; affirms tho urgent heed that exists for the reform of the electoral law in the direciion ' of oue . man one vote.' The pastoralistf, ^ through the bank, had ruled the bushmen long enough j strikes in the future will not i«j ui muca use ; lr mere is to be a strike^ it should be with the Murtini- Henri rifle, but he hoped that the co-operative system t? be . inaugurated would do away with 'strikes he hoped to see co-operative settlements, stores ' ana oven stations soon established all over ^ Quconslaud, and if that were not sufficient it might be found necessary to do as was done in the time of Henry VIII. -fight with stick® and itones and any weapon available.' ? . To lit Continual. 