SYr>>.-_Y Flying Squadron. notwithstanding the threatening look of the weather, a fair number mustered 1 at Clark Island to watch the sport provided! by this club on Saturday, last. The steamer Lady Manning conveyed Ino greater number, whilst the remainder reached there by sailing and rowing boats Taken on 'ho where the racing was fairly good several of the boats found the wind too severe and came to grief The boats started from the north-west corner of the island, from whence they proceeded to a land mark in Taylor Bay, then round Shark Island, and finished at Clark Island The price of £20 nee cut up into three of £12, £ >, and Co A special prize was p resented on this occasion by Mr M boy to the nearest and best turnout, which was intended to include rig of boat an i plisse of crow this pia a was awarded to Mr Dempster s 18-footer Aztec Sixteen boats had entered!, and these were arranged in two heats of eight each the first and second boats in each had to meet again in the final The only absentee was the Cynthia from the first divison n The officers of the day were -Starter, Mr Morgan timekeeper, Air Donovan and umpire, Air Garden The following is the result of the racing - First heat secret 22ft (G Fletcher), 19 minute 1 Iseroid 18ft (V Golding) le minutes 2 The other starters being Lady Duff, 24ft (W Fitz henry), scratch Young Harry, 24ft (G Holmes, jun ), scratch Volunteer 24ft (Chris West), scratch Ghost 24ft (Mark Foy), 2 minutes Cynthia, 20ft (7 Milham), 20 minutes Ethel 18ft (S Ilolbugs), 35 minutes As the boats speed before the wind for the Taylor Bay flagboat Ethel and Norold raced side by side and rounded together, Ghost following a minute and a quarter behind with Secret a quarter of a minute behind her followed by the scratch boats Young Harry, Lady Duff, and Volunteer, all in close company Close-hauling for Shark Island some of the boats found they had too much sail Lady Duff capsized, Ghost also came to grief, and Ethel retired Uns left Nereid, Secret Young Harry, and Volunteer to battle it out. The larger boats worked more in midstream than the 18-footer Squaring away at Shark Island buoy Isorcid led Secret by 10 seconds Volunteer which had passed Young Flurry being 14 minutes behind the leader, and Young Harry a quarter of a minute behind Volunteer Balloon jib were set for the finishing lead, Secret's getting adrift Secret managed to pass Nereid before finish- ing and Young Harry passing Volunteer was close on Nereid's tuck at the finish the times being Secret, lb 18m -lOs Norold 5h 48m 59s Young Harry, Hi 19m 3s Volunteer, -Iii 39m 29s Second heat I, Esmeralda, 22ft, W Read, 18 minutes 2, Ariel 12P, G Ellis 34 minutes J, Aztec, 15ft, S Dempster £1 minutes. The other starters were Canute 20ft, T D Robinson, 2 minutes Bottom i 20ft, AV Atkinson, 21 minutes Stella, 18ft, f Sommerville, 21 minutes Cygnet, 18ft, T Colebrook, sen , £1 minutes , Olinda, 18ft, T Snowdon 35- minutes This was a pretty race to the flag mark in Taylor Bay, Esmeralda and Bettina showing to advantage, whilst Olinda and Stella dropped behind a little Aztec held first place on rounding, with Ariel second, the others rounding in a bunch in order of Bettina, Esmeralda, Cygnet, I Olinda, Store, and Connie. Working up to Shark Island, Cygnet and Bettina worked in mid-channel whilst the others preferred the eastern side of. Cygnet unfortunately lost her bumpkin closed under Shark Island, and had to retire. Reach- ing the buoy on the southern side of the island Ariel hall taken first position, with Esmeralda only 2,5 seconds behind her, followed by Aztec, Stella, Bettina and Course. With the exception that Esmeralda passed Ariel the positions remained the same, the finishing times being Esmeralda b. 15s 25s , Athol, 5h. 4min. lis., Aztec, -4h. 18h 25., Stella, th. 57m. 52s., Bettina, Ahem is., Connie, Ih. 19in 22s Final Heat-H, Secret (G. Fletcher) , 2, Nereid W. Golding), J, Ariel (G Ellis), 4, Aztec K. Cameron), 6, Esmeralda (W. Road). Owing to a possibility of Esmonlda's being disqualified for only carrying" colours on one side of her sail Aztec was also allowed to start in the final beat. A A very good start was effected. Aztec and Secret set topsails for the run, Ariel marrying a squaresail. Aztec was first to reach the Hag mark, closely followed by Nereid and Ariel, Secret being a minute behind, and then Esmeralda. In the work to Shark Island A'tee dropped into fourth position, Secret passed Ariel and closed on Norold. Squinug away at the island buoy Nereid had a lead or li seconds from Secret, After being 12 seconds behind Secret, then came Aztec and Esmeralda Secret added top- sail and jibboom jib, and soon passed Verona. All set jib-boom jibe, Norold touring crossing Double Bay. A good race finished as follows -Secret, rib. Mill 2s. . Nereid, in Slim 12s . Ariel, 5h. Slim. 51\. Aztec, 5h. 217 12s., Esmeralda, 5h. 38m. 45s The prizes therefore go to Secret (12), Nereid (£5), and Ariel (of!)? 