THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Village settlers now have possession of the Black Swamp, near Goolwa. Beware of " spielers" at the races on Monday. A large quantity of flax has been sent away from Aldgate during the last few months. The Bills Land and Investment Company, Limited, holds its half-yearly meeting in Adelaide next Wednesday. After April 1 the passenger train between Wolseley and Murray Bridge will run as a " mixed " train. Messrs. Krichauff and McGregor will address the electors at Mount Barker next Thursday evening. About £1,000 worth of gold has been obtained from Toy's claim at Mount Pleasant during the past fortnight. The South Australian Company have applied to bring section 5084, hundred of Onkaparinga, under the R.P.A. Mr. Herbert J. Chrystal has been appointed clerk, collector of rates, &c.;, of the Goolwa Corporation. Mr. L. Cohen has been making a pre- liminary tour of the South-East. He intends to address the electors at 71 of the 74 polling places in the division. Good Friday is a close holiday with all country post-offices, but on Monday they will be open for the delivery of letters from 9 to 10 a.m. and from 7 to 8 p.m. The Railway Commissioners will receive tenders up to April 3 for the lease of a railway refreshment-room at Mount Barker for one year or more from May 1 next. It will only be a fews days now before the Government cyanide plant at Mount Torrens is available for the crushing of gold-bearing stone. There were as many " reserved" chairs as there were front and back seats at the Orpheus Society's Mount Barker concert on Saturday evening. The newly-established Murray Bridge Yachting and Boating Club has received a very handsome donation from Lieutenant- Governor Way. In Saturday's Evening Journal " Hugh Kalyptus" had something to say about aboriginal Tommy Walker and his private secretary as seen at the Mount Barker Show. An electoral revision court for the Onka- paringa district will be held at Woodside on Saturday, when it is proposed to strike off 34 names from the Upper and Lower House rolls. The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Strathalbyn Dairy Produce Company will be held at 3 p.m. on Wednesday, 28th inst., when a report and balance-sheet will be presented. The choice of the electors in the Southern District of the Legislative Council lies between a banker, brewer, loan and discount bank proprietor, land and commission agent, and a working-man. As the result of a revision court held at Teatree Gully on Saturday the electoral rolls for the Gumeracha district now stand follows :—Legislative Council, 1091; House of Assembly, 2098. During the past half-year the Hills Land and Investment Company have sold various allotments at Mount Lofty and Aldgate for £445 and increased the amount on deposit from £300 to £640. Quite a number of swindlers have arrived in South Australia from the eastern colonies and will almost certainly put in an appear- ance at tbe Onkaparinga Baces. Forewarned is forearmed, &c.; Easter Tuesday was the day fixed for the next Mount Barker Full Court, but it will not be held this month, and the appointed date for holding it is Tuesday, April 24. The Wood- side Court will be held on April 23. Messrs. R. Caldwell and J. C. F. Johnson, members for Onkaparinga, gave a resume of the work of the past session of Parliament to a small number of electors in the Nairne Oddfellows'-hall on Thursday evening, 15th inst. A Uraidla deputation made an ineffectual protest to the Government on Tuesday with regard to the closing of the local police station, the Chief Secretary only committing himself to a promise that if lawlessness broke out the constable would be restored. A meeting to discuss tbe advisability of holding a chrysanthemum show at Mount Barker will be held in the committee-room of the institute on Tuesday evening next at 8 o'clock. All interested are invited to be present. A successful entertainment, the proceeds of which went to aid the family of the late Mr. D. Searle, was given before a large audience in the Stirling West Institute last Friday even- ing, the local glee club and lady and gentle- men amateurs contributing to the program. Mr. W. C. Grasby, editor of the Garden and Field, has been appointed headmaster of the Roseworthy Agricultural College. Mr. Grasby's birthplace is Balhannah, and a few years ago he had charge of the Oakbank State school. He will be the right man in the light place at Roseworthy. The Government grants-in-aid to southern agricultural societies for 1893 are as follows : —Mount Barker, £55 7s. 7d.; Mount Pleasant, £53 12s. 4d.; Southern, £31 7s. 4d.; Strathalbyn, £38 3s. 3d.; Willunga, £39 2s. 7d.; Yankalilla, .Rapid Bay, and Myponga, £28 8s. 11d. (From Our Own Correspondent.) Murray Bridge, March 20. A nice steady rain set in here last night and has continued ever since. "This will give a fresh impetus to the feed whicli has sprung up since the storm we recently experienced. A number of horses engaged at the Onkaparinga meeting passed through by this evening's train, amongst them being Beau Brutmnel, Ebor, I.X.L., and Repetition. We shall be represented on Easter Monday by All Fours in the Hurdle Race and Comet in Disposal Stakes. The sports concert on Thursday evening was a big success, the items on the program being well received and in a number of cases encored by the large audience. The tableaux seemed to be greatly appreciated and gained enthusiastic applause. An event whicli has caused great amuse ment happened here last week. Two aspirants to histrionic fame, who are to appear at the forthcoming cricketers' concert, being anxious to rehearse their parts unseen or heard, journeyed over the bridge and opened lire in the pines. The piece to be rehearsed was from Shakespeare's '•Julius Caesar.' When just in the act of bringing down the house (or rather pines) the actoi-B received a somewhat severe shock, not from "Caesar's Ghost," but from a woodman who had been watching the scene for some time. Thinking the parlies fit subjects for Parkside, he stepped in with his axe to separate the combatants. Great was his surprise when he recognized a well-known member of the medical profession and a gentleman prominent in local cricketing circles. 