The Natives of Kimberley. (BY A MUNJUNG.) The aboriginal natives of Kimberley do not differ in general respects from the natives of the other districts of W.A. They are the same dirty, sneaking and cruel wretches. I don't think there is much room to doubt them being the missing link between mankind and the lower creation. They seem to have no idea whatever of constructing shelters to protect themselves from the weather, but lay half covered in the sand in bottoms of small rifts or rivines. Their dress consists of a band of strings, manufactured by themselves out of the fur of the opossum of kangaroo, bound around their waists and a similar band round their heads, in which they generally wear a bunch of white feathers, which serves to considerably embrance their beauty. The stature of the men is immense, their average height being, I suppose, about six feet two or three inches. On one occasion an exceptionally tall native was measured in the Derby Court house by the Resident Magistrate and his height was proved to be 6 feet 7 inches. They have a peculiar habit of carrying their arms folded behind their backs, which keeps then erect and straight as any grenadier guard of Her Majesty's Army. In fact if ever the Northern part of Australia is isolated from the Southern part, and is created a nation of itself, its ruler will undoubtedly be able to select a body guard of men of far greater physique than any other ruler in the civilized world. But please note, I mentioon nothing about their courage, either moral or physical. Their general muscular development is very strong and powerful. The women vary in height from about 4 feet 6 inches to about 5 feet 6 inches. This applies to the women belonging to the river or plains tribes. I believe the women of the mountain tribes are taller, more powerful and impossible, even more vicious than their sisters of the plains tribes. The men belonging to the mountain tribes are universally acknowledged to be more bold and daring than their plains tribesmen, as they can so easily escape and hide from pursuit in the impenetrable ravines and mountains that abound in Kimberley. They will openly attack any one, especially the police or anyone they imagine is after them. But the river tribes are a miserable, cowardly and sneaking lot; one man on a good horse, with a reliable Winchester repeating rifle and colts revolver, could repulse any amount of them, as long as daylight lasted. They do not seem to have courage enough to openly attack even one single white man; they crawl on their victim at night and spear or club him whilst he is asleep. But in cunning and deceit, I think the plains tribes outrival their dusky brethern of the mountain. If a traveller leaves his pack-bags with his rations. etc., for even a single moment out of sight, he is sure to find something missing onhis return. An instance occurred a little while ago as follows: A traveller coming from Mt. Dockrell to the Richenda rush, had just mixed a damper and put it into the fire to cook, and then went to a water hole, about a hundred yards away, to wash his hands. When he returned, his damper from out of the ashes, also his frying pan, had vanished. He succeeded in recovering his frying pan, but not his damper. It was to be hoped the natives did not suffer much from indigestion, otherwise a half-baked damper would not sit very easily on their consciences. This is only one of many instances that could be quoted. A favorite recourse of travellers when alone is to tie a string to the trigger of a loaded gun and attach the other end of the, string to their pack-bags, etc. So that, if the natives are prompted by curiosity, or any other motive to examine the pack-bags, the gun goes off and seems to produce a decidedly beneficial effect on their nervous system, entirely curing them of any leaning towards idle curiosity. But although the natives are cunning in one way, their ignorance and simplicity in others, is simply astounding. A great deal of annoyance, was caused a short time ago by the natives breaking insulators on the Derby and Wyndham Telegraph line. But when a. very powerful current of electricity, aided by lightning was put on it, the natives seemed to think it was not a very pleasant pastime after all and accordingly gave it up. If a person bounces a lot of niggers, shouts and swears at them, they seem to think he is all powerful and respect him accordingly; but if anyone is kind to them, they think he is afraid of them and accordingly impose on him by asking for tobacco, flour, etc. They seem to greatly resemble pigs in this respect, the more one seems to ill-treat them, the better they seem to like him and vice versa. This may seem strange, but it is nevertheless, a duly authenticated fact. During my stay in Kimberley, I had not very much opportunity for studying customs of the natives, as I could not travel about amongst them but, from what I learned from the squatters, drovers, stockmen and other authentic authorities, I believe these customers do not differ in the aggregate from those of other Australian aboriginals. With respect to the burial of their dead, I believe they have a very curious and, to christians, a very absurd mode which shows at once the ignorance and superstitiousness of their nature. It is as follow : When one of their tribe dies, a platform is made up in the boughs of a tree, as high as possible off the ground, with a view, I suppose of giving the spirit a better chance of getting to heaven. The body is first mutilated by having its. arms, legs and neck broken, to prevent it from arising after death to chase or injure any of the natives; it is then placed up on the platform with its head towards the rising sun or east. It is allowed to remain in this position until the sun dries it up, leaving only a mere skeleton. After the body is first placed upon the platform, it is watched by a couple of old woman, who are provided with the tríbal charmsticks until decomposition sets in. They think the spirit does not leave the body till then, and it is the duty of the watchers to prevent the spirit getting up and injuring any of the defunct native tribesmen. If the deceased native had any children, they are watched and guarded by the prophets, of the. tribe, as they think the ghost of their dead parent will come at night and steal them away. (To be Continued.) 