OUR GHOST STORY. 'THE WHITE LADT.' (By E, Nesbit in Black and White.) rij\ i#s^ ^» E were a great \^/^A\/jf houseful of peo for Christmas at tho Court. I have spent many a merry unristmos mere since, but never one so merry as that. \- i suppose it was because we were all Jroung, and at that time of life when fcrou only see the lights and none of tho shadows. Besides Julian loved me. I ^.ad been certain of that ever since we diet at Scarborough in the summer ; Bud since I had been staying in his father's house, he had found a thousand tj^MG ways of making me more sure fchal his dear old house was to bo my home, and I the happiest mistress that fever owned it, because Julian loved me. ^ ft was the night before Christmas 5ve, and all we young folks were dano ng in the big hall; and it was between wo waltzes, as I sat resting in one of jhe deep window scats, sheltered by tho ifeavy curtain, that Julian lifted the rn, and passed in, and sat beside me. window seat was in the shadow pi cue great stair, and the rest of tho jBompany were gathered round the piano, fend were laughing and talking so gaily, ihat his words were no more heard by ihem than the soft sighing of the pine preefl outside. vJSb one heard what he said but I, and no' one ever shall hear; for you need Sot suppose that I am going to write |own bore what he said to me. But it if as one of those happy moments that Oqme so very seldom and that light one's lire, when they do come, for a long, ipnft way baok and forward. And he told me he should speak to his father vhe next day. i. Now I come of good family, and had a handsome property of my own. I #asa nice-looking girl in those days, And considered agreeable and accom plished, as girls went. 60 next day when I met Julian in the hall for a jtaomont after breakfast, I never ex bected the answer to be anything but ^yes ' when I said. 1 'Is your father pleased with your choice P' 1 To my surprise Julian hesitated, then he answered: 'I think he is pleased (with my choice, but he begs us to con rider nothing as settled until after Christmas Eve,' v''WnyP' I asked, naturally enough. ?* I can't tell you now. It's a long tale, and those Danvera girls will be berg in a minute. I promised, like the fool I am, to go skating with them. But jjjhis afternoon when we come in to tea, if you happen to be in the library instead pf the hall, one might perhaps get a titord with one's sweetheart.' 1 The Danvers girls came in while he pas speaking, but he finishedhis speech n my ear with great calmness, and I irent off to nurse my jiew happiness, and grander at and delight in it until the lime was come when I should see him Wain. 'I softly slipped into the library and Stosed the heavy door after me. The usk was falling, tho firelight Bhone pleasantly on the glass of the bookcases |ind the gilt backs of the books, and I stood by the window and watched the skating-party come up from the lake. rhad?t had a word with Julian all day. I couldn't skate, for I had promised my Sear mother years before that I would lever go on the ice, because my father lad been killed by an ice accident. VI saw them come up, jingling their )0kates and talking merrily, and two pnnutes later Julian was with me. 1 ' How nice and warm it is in here, my Hear little love,' he began. 'I have keen in purgatory all day — such a cold purgatory too.' And indeed his face was as cold as ice. (When he had thawed his hands by the fere, we Bat down together on one of the leather-covered settees, and he said : — ^ 'Now, heart of mine, we have only a few. few minutes for all our stories and explanations, tor 1 muse gee dock to wie gther people before the tea comes in. ?The real foot is— there's a ghost in our family.' ' I turned my foot this way and that, to watch the play of the firelight on my patent leather shoe. ' I don't think,' I remarked, still looking down, 'that a ghost would be an insuperable ob (Jeotion.' ?- 'If s not quite that,' he said, hesi tatingly. 1 'What is it?' I asked. 'The story is sure to be interesting ; tell it to mo.' 1 ' Well, the story runs that a certain ^ncestresB of mine ran away and got jmarried without her parent's consent, ffhe marriage didn't turn out well per fciaps. At any rate, she was plagued with remorse in her Inter years, and rery inconsistently undertook to appear and give her blessing whenever the heir of this house becomes engaged to a suitable young person ; and if she ioesn't appear the engagement doesn't fomeoff. Thafsall.'r 'But do you mean to tell me,' I ox ilaimed, for I could not help thinking tie was laughing at me, 'that you woul- live me up just because a stupid old jhost didn't put in its appearance at a jertain hour and place ?' 'No, I wouldn't,' he replied, 'but my feather would never consent, and I am Wore you would never marry me with out hte consent.' 1. 'I'm not so sure of that,' I said to myself la a low voice. 'I don'i) want to have any secrets from you, little woman ; so I won't pre tend that I shan't feel a good deal happier if tho ghost does appear on Christmas Eve, as I have no doubt she will do.' 'But aw I to understand then, that ever since your aucestre8S took this ridiculous resolution, her ghost has ap peared to sanction the engagement of each heir of the house in succession ?' ' Of course you will laugh at it,' he went on in rather an injured way, ' but tliat really is the story. My father will tell you that he saw it, and his father before him ; and I havn't the slightest doubt I shall see it on Christmas Eve. My father and I will sit up for the pur pose.' ' A pack of old wives' stories !' I re joined indignantly, ' Look here, Julian, I'm not going to wait for the ghost to refuse mo and I'm not going to marry into, a family that believes in such non sense.' 'Oh! aren't you?' said Julian, quite calmly, ' we shall see about that, my dear. You know perfectly well that I love you so much that nothing on earth would ever induce me to give you up. But you see how much pleasanter it would bo for everybody if the ghost gave us her blessing and in the ortho dox manner.' I really even then thought he was playing some sort of joke on me, but no, he was quite serious, and I had ac tually to be in that ridiculous position of being engaged and not engaged for more than three days. And Julian was very careless and people were always coming in and finding us at different corners of the room as if we had just jumped there ; and once I am certain one of tbose Danvers girls bow him kiss my ear as we went upstairs before dinner. The night before Christmas Eve I really felt almost worried out of my life, and when I went up to bed I sent away my maid, put on my dressing gown, let down my hair, and settled down in front of the fire to have a good cry. I had hardly begun, however, when there was a soft tap at my door and Lady Cary herself came in. She was a dear little old lady. At least, she couldn't have been more than forty-five, but that seems old when you are only eighteen. ' May I come in ?' she asked, in her soft pretty voice, and came in at once, shut tho door, and sat down opposite me in the other choir. 'Dear, dear, dear !' she said, 'Now whatever is the matter P' 'I'm tired,' I replied, ' and Tve got a cold in my head. Lady Cary turned her eyes to the fire and fixed them, there. ''Such a model of frankness and candour !' she said slowly ; ' that* s what Julian said when he told me he was engaged to you. It came, if s true, at the end of a list of your more important qualities, beauty and sweetness and angelic charm.' She suddenly raised her eyes to me, and I crept humiliated to the low stool at her feet. ' I'm very sorry,' I murmured ; ' I didn't know that Julian had told you anything, and it seemB so strange to be engaged and nobody to wish you happiness, or good luck, or anything, ana to be depending on a stupid ghost ; and I think I was wishing, when you came in, that there was someone, that — that my mother hadn't died when I was quite a little thing.' Lady Cary stroked my hair. ' There, poor child, she said ; 'there is someone. Tell me all about it.' And I told her all about it as well as I could, and when I had finished she broke out with a funny little laugh. ' My dear, I felt just as you do about it when I was your age, and Lord Gary's mother came to my assistance exactly as I am coming to yours, and as I be lieve tho lady of the house has always come to her son's assistance ever since the White Lady promised to ' walk.' It depends on you, my dear, whether Jul ian and bis father receive a satisfactory ghostly blessing on the engagement or not.' ' I wasn't crying a bit about the ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what she said, ' if you will only say that you would like me to be——' ' Of course I would, that's why I'm here. It's my belief that the Lady Cary has always had a good bit of a voice in her son's choice. My dear, the White Lady walked before I was engaged, and I hod to undergo just such a tiresome probation as you are writhing under to night, and my future mother-in-law showed me how to end it as you will end it to-morrow.' 'IP' ' Yes ; I have no doubt Julian told you that on Christmas Eve the intend ing bridegroom and his father, if the father be alive, are bound to watch in the chapel from eleven till one, and across the gallery at tho end the White Lady glides as the clock strikes twelve You will have to practise gliding, my dear ; if 0 a difficult art.' ' Then you mean that I — that you — ' ' I mean that you must, in the char acter of tho White Lady, pronounce your own blessing on your own engage ment, as I did on mine, and as I believe all the ladies of Cary have done on theirs. Ifs the secret of the ladies of this house, and I should never have told it to you if I hadn't believed that you are the best wife in the world for my Julian.' ' Then you mean to tell mo. Lady Cftry/'I said, when I had recovered from my delight at this little speech, ' that you yourself played tho part of the ghost in tliis house. ' I did indeed, my dear,' she replied ' and it was the best night's work I ever did.' And her voice trembled, and her face lighted up with tho recollection of old happiness. ' I have got the dress still, the white satin and the pearls, and the veil that my mother-in-law gave to me, thoy were miles to big for ine, and you shall wear them. The men are bound not to move from the chapel for an hour after mid night, which is a merciful provision to give one time to get comfortably out of the way before they can find any traces of one. The way to the gallery is rather peculiar ; there are two secret doors to pass, but I will show you the trick of these to- morrow, and I will be there to receive you when you find your way back to the modern side of the Court. You mustn't be nervous about it.' 'Nervous!' I exclaimed, 'there is nothing to be nervous about; only one can't help ? ' ' No, don't say you can't help dispis ing Julian for it. It runs in their blood my dear, like their fair hair and their blue eyes, and you must take people as you find them, and make the best of them.' She gave me another good Idss, and walked off with her bedroom candle. The next night at eleven she came again to my room. She dressed mo in the white satin and pearls, and powder ed my face thickly to give me tho pallid look neces sary for my ghostly character. It was always the custom at the Court to go to bed early on Christmas Eve, so that by a quarter to twelve the house was perfectly quiet. I took up tho heavy old- fashioned candlestick I was to carry, and crept out of the room, my white satin and pearls covered by a dark cloak. I found the spring Lady Cary had shown me under a carved oak panel, pressed it, the panel turned on a pivot, I passed in and the panel closed behind me. Then I stood quite still, holding my breath, and listening lest anyone should have heard me pass from my room to this. But there was no sound — only I could hear my own heart beat ing. I walked along the passage in which I found myself. The dust lay thickly un derfoot, so that my steps made no noise as I walked. It was a narrow passage made of rough stone-work, and a door at the other end, which stood ajar and was easily opened, let me into a part of the house that I hod never been in be fore. It was a suite of apartments that had been occupied by the White Lady, and since her time, no one else had lived in them. Everything wa-3 just as she had left it. Her garments and personal pos sessions were littered on the tables and chair§. There was a lute, all its strings broken but one ; and one stiff dress on a chair looked to me so like a human being that I paused for at least a minute before I had the courage to go up to it and see that it was only heavy gold brocade. The dull, dart tapestries on the wall swayed a little now and then— with the wind, I suppose— but it seemed to me that something, any thing, might be hidden behind them. My hand trembled so that I could hardly hold the candlestick, and the wax of the candle ran in a warm stream over my fingers. Lady Cary had said I should be nervous, and I certainly was. Then quite suddenly a thought came to me that sent all the blood rushing to my heart and nearly choked me. Sup pose Lady Cary was wrong; suppose there was a ghost after all, and here was I alone in the rooms sacred to its use and memory. It wouldn't bear thinging of. I grasped the silver candlestick and hurried on through the long suite of rooms. At the last ante-chamber I came to another panel like the one in the corridor, pressed a similar spring, and found myself on a little flight of Btairs which Lady Cary had warned me led directly to tho gallery. At tho foot of this I way to wait till I heard the churoh clock begin to strike, then to walk forward boldly across the gallery, and descend a flight of steps at the other side, which would lead to a passage communicating with the suite of rooms I had just left. I didn't like the idea of that long sequence of moulderingomptiness behind me. I tried to get the panel to shut, but it wouldn't act ; it hinges were stiff, and I was afraid of making them creak. There I waited ; and if it was a wrong thing to do to deceive my future hus band in that way, I can only say I was well punished for it. What I suffered in those five minutes no one can believe who simply sees it written down here. What I should have liked to do was to bolt back to my room like a rabbit and marry Julian in spite of all Ids father's opposition. But I have a habit of carrying a tiling through when once I have begun it. Besides, I didn't want Lady Cary to think me a fool. So I stayed there with my heartbeat ing to that degree that I felt as if thoy could hear it in the chapel. At last came the long, dull, slow stroke of the clock. I gathered up my satin draperies, held the candle high, and walked up the steps. It was a short flight, and in another moment I was in the gallery. My knees wore knocking together with tho double fear of being found out and of diving again out of the comparative light and safety of the chapel into the unknown depths of that little dark stair beyond. The white moon shone through tho windows of the clerestory, and there was air here as well as light, and movement, and human com panionship ; for, as I stepped into the gallery, I saw in the chancel below tho two figures of my lover and my father. They had two tapers beside them and watched as one watches the dead. I drew my veil over my face, held my caudle high and walked forward. I felt rather than heard the hushed ' Ah !' from the chancel which told that they had seen me. Holding my candle high above me I walked — for in that hour of terror my gliding lessons vanished from my mem ory, leaving no trace — to the other side of tho gallery, and passed under the low wooden doorway and down tho flight of stairs. The way was easy to find and, somehow, I felt that the worst was over now. True, there were those deadly deserted rooms to traverse, but at the end of them, warmth, light, fire, my own room and Lady Cary, who is as there waiting for me. So I followed the passage I found at the foot of the staira till it brought me to the sliding panel I had been unable to shut, which let mo into the ante-room of tho White Lady's bed room. It was with a sigh of relief that I pushed it open and passed through it. I hastened through the dark rooms and was beginning to feel something approaching a return of what I always liko to consider my natural fearlessness, when I saw that I wasn't alone. There was another light in the great dark room and it was advancing towards me. My first thought was — Lady Cary— and I hurried to meet her. The next moment I saw the fear I had thrust from me in this room ten minutes before had been do idle terror. It was not Lady Cary, who was coming towards me with candle in hand, up raised in a silver candlestick. It was not Lady Cary who wore satins and pearls and a death-white face. It was the White Lady — the ghost herself — in whose character and in whoso rooms I was madly masquerading. In the frantic struggle not to shriek, not to scream, not to betray my pre sence here to Julian and his father, my candle slipped from my hand. At the same instant the ghosf s light, too, was extinguished, and I was alone in the dark — in the rooms of a dead woman, with that dead woman's face and form not three yards from me— in the dark. 'Ah!' I drew along breath. There was a smell of vinegar and smelling salts. Somebody was tubbing my hands. It was very cold. 'Oh I thank God, you are better.' It was Lady Cory who was speaking. I opened my eyes and looked at her. I was in my own room, pleasant and bright with fire and lamp-light. Lady Cory was bending over me with a very anxious face indeed. 'Ifs all right, my dear. You faint ed in those dreadful dark rooms. It must have been a great trial. I knew it would be. But you are quite safe now. I sat up ; the wet vinegar cloth flopped from my forehead as I did so, and fell on my hands. 'Lady Cory,** I said, ' I have seen the ghost, and it came close to me in that dreadful room.' 'Your nerves are over-wrought,' answered Lady Cory, calmly. ' I don't wonder. You must have fancied some bit of drapery or shadow to bo a ghost.' ' It was as real as I am,' I said ; ' I thought it was you at first. Oh, it is horrible, most horrible !' Lady Cary would not let me talk about it any more. She stayed with me that night, and in the morning gave out that I was to unwell to come to breakfast, which I certainly was, and about noon she came up to my room. ' Now,' she said, everyone is out skating. Have you tho courage to come with mo to the White Lady's rooms, and find out what optical illusion it was that so frightened you last night.' ' I have a -thousand things to ask you,' I said. 'How did I get back to my room ?' ' I got uneasy about you at last, and came to look for you,' she answered. ' And did you carry me back ?' Lady Cary laughed. 'My dear, if we are to go we must go at once, or we shall have the maids upon us.' She threw a shawl round me, and we crossed the corridor. The oak panel swung on its pivot, we passed through and it closed behind us. In another minute we were in the White Lady's rooms. Seen by tho dim daylight that filtered through tho cobwebbed panes, the rooms wcro more deso^to tkan ever, and almost as eerie. But with Lady Cary^s arm round me I could have faced it oven in the dark, I thought. We passed through ono room after another, but nowhere was there any thing that could by the wildest imagina tion be made to resemble white satin and pearls, and a raised arm holding a lighted candle. We walked to tho further end and then retraced our steps. Lady Cary was just saying, ' It must have been pure imagination,' when I caught a glimpse of something moving at the end of the room — something white — and stopping short, rigid with terror; I pointed towards it. ' Look !' I said, ' Look there — there it is again.' Lady Cary put up her double eye glass and looked. ' You poor, dear, blessed little inno cent,' she said. ' Don't you see that ifs a looking-glass, and reflects nothing worBO than your pretty self in your white dressing gownP' Even then I was hardi? to fco,.fcon vinoed. Not till she Jed me igHio the glass panel and 1 saw my own ftaxed gown and scared face reflected ^ ia iis depths did I understand tho height of my own folly the night before. Bit , then I was convinced, and Lady Cory led mo bock to my own room to pet and coax and laugh at me till I should be in a fit frame of mind to meet my lover. When I went down to luncheon Lord Cary rose up before all the company and kissed my forehead, and welcomed me as his daughter and his son's wife j and such before the next Christmas Eve I became. It was on the evening of our wedding day that I felt I could keep my secret no longer. 'Julian,' I said, 'I hope you wil-* forgive me. I have something horrible to tell you.' ' Proceed,' he answered, with a twinkle in his eyes. ' But it really is horrible, and I don't know whether you will forgive me. But I couldn't bear to tell you before, for fear it should interfere somehow with, our marriage.' ttYou rack me with suspense,' ho replied, cheerfully. 'What is this horror that might nave parted us at the altar steps P' Then I told him how I hod played the ghoBt on Christmas Eve ; and when my tale was ended, I hung my head waiting his reproaches. 'My dear little woman,' he said, putting his arms round me, 'this is ancient history. Who do you suppose carried you out of tho ghost's room that night P' ' Did you ? Did Lady Cary ? ' 'Of course she did. You didn't sup« pose that a dear little shrimp of a woman, such as my mother is, could carry my big, blonde beauty P' 'And you are not angry ?' 'Do I look it?' he asked. 'And you think I was right, and your mother was right P' ' Yes, sweetheart, and all the other fair ladies who have played the ghost on Christmas Eve to win a superstitious Cary for a husband. I only wish wo were better worth the trouble.' As to that I have my own opinion. [the end.] 