VOW FIS'rT P'UBLISIIHED. CLEAR AS SUNSHINE. BY IlICIIARDl ASIIE KlING (" BASIL "). .Luthor of "Love the Deblt,"" l The Wearing of the Green," he., &e;, (Copyriylht.) "What are you it;?follows sniggering overP?' cried Captain iBrrington to a couple of subal terns who were giggling like a Ibraco of school girls over a photograph. "Sometlhig snaty, I'll e hbound." " Nasty I Never mnlo a worse shot in your life, old man. El, ulthurst ?P It's about as rniceypicoy n picture as cvrr you saw. Ask Cultimrst." 'Itather !" chuckled Cothurst,npprcciatively. " And its lot a fancy picture, either, for I tiok it myself with a snap-shot of mry'Kodlk,'" said Parry. " Here I Chuck it over if it's presentable," cried Barrington. l'orry kimmiod tHM photograph across tile room to the Capltaizn, who stoopeld, pick?d it ip, glniced at it, and then sat suddenly down with the exclanmatiun whith semooed to iave been wrung from him by a turn of tlo rack. " Mly God I" " What-what's tio matter ? Are you ill P" 'pried Perry, starting up and hurryitlg across the room to Barrinlgton, who for a momenllt madu nol Presently hi forced himset to look again at the photograph, when he again groaned and gasped hoarsely: s " Where- P" " Where P" echoed Perry, In perplexity, " Whore did you take this P" cried the Cap. tabh, with a suddenltercenesswhich made I'erry recoil a step. " I-I tookl it somowhere in Ireland. Wherero 'the deuce did I take it now P Oh, to be sure u SIt wasn near Inhichree. There was n sudden shower, amnd I rl fir shelter to a rined castle, and wa only stopped at tile enltrtance by tile sight of those two spouning togetlihr. lust then tihe stil hurst again, and as they were too lunch taeni up with each other to notiae ule, I Could not resist taking a isunp shot at Ithoi with ly Kodak.'" "Ilt was a gentlernlny thlig to do, Mr.Perry," the Captain said in a keen aiId coldt tunie, weith a surp rtsing recovery of his sell-cr)oiuatd. " Wh1t do you mean P" stlttered Perry, bthlielig scarlet. '! If yuworwero catblo of inllerstondig llily noanhlog you wouil Ie in lcnlto oe tills," lie Cried ill a onel thant out like a whip-lash, poIut to lio photogr.Iaph, TlI el with a withering look at the two foolish lads ihe stole from the rooml, Perry turned all imul.iring look of perplosity to Culthurst, who promptly nrswored it. " You've bueen alllt gone andl done it Inow, ily 'boy, and no mistnkR I It's the girl ie's enggerd to. I' Illicihrce Cstlo ' or ' -louose' is tier address, for I've posted letters to her for hiim mnore than onlce." "itood heavens I" cried 'urry agnlst. " llnt hang it all 1" Ie added. " lIe's wull out of it. An engaged girl, like that, who wrould sit oil another fellow's knee, with her arm roniid his f Ileck and her check against his, is butter fund i out before marringo than after." T'lis also was the consoling concilusionl tile Captlni tried to persundro himself thatJol had I calmly cano to lut l his wild, uand love for f Kitty Power cried aloud ogainst it. If only he had not known I If only le hlmd been allowed to live in his Elysian illusidn-a Fool's 'naradisu- but such a Parndiso I iBut n. lie was drivenl adt from It with this flaming sword which ploredi and hurned and seared his very soul, Ahs li pnced his lwn room to and fro he hall ngain lnd again tried to forcohimself to look at c the photograph once more snd llolknk assrllru a ah- i tbrhope o f a tiutl with his erival ii ulgluu I divertedl his fury froln Kitty-but noon, seeilng its fIsolishlenss. ie was llaginu torn and Lortured with thloghtis only of tier. S]luw Io loved And hinted her I Worshipped and scorned hur I 1Her P Whomll shollunl h unstly scorn ? Himll f-thimself aloneo I Ind r .Ili Ilnot been wearned egin anlld ogahr l nd againi Ii ;that the girl was a flirt P )id iiot hin auut io nlater than last wreek rcomplai to hll i ia lung letter of her conduct with a AMr. Itollestoun-his very mnun probably P Kulwing Ills a'nt's IEnuglish and olt-maidishl I prudery lie had been impatient of hler wooden warnings-nssured that she litd mlscollutrled I the innocent galety and guileless labtndoneultl and the wistful wilusouern'ass of an Irish girl through nutltig upon them a inatter- of-fact English inlerpretauon,. But " dirt "i was a mil lnnoo iildeed to give n girl who, while writing alimost daily letters to her hotrothed, alive and alight with seelnigly n the nost artless love, could sit uplon another man's knee (not a brother's, for she hnd nlnero) with her arm roiend his ineck, her chcek Inelled against his, and her hand smoothing thie lirle from his forehend It was at this frenzied pointof his leldilatlios that the Captain sat dlown to write the letter which turned Kitty the next morning white as the breakfast- cloth. Being a girl of a silgularlyhigh slirit she did not utter s single word, but offeeted to go on with her breakfast unconcernetlly until her father and her two younlg sisters haitd quilteid .the room. Tcn lshe rose, aid gettlling bhli her mother's chair to pirevent the white anguish a of her face benllg seen, she said in brueathless staccato senlteuces : '1 "onad that, mother. IL is from Captain Blnr I rinlrtou. Never speak either of it or of hin It me again." Anl before her mother had realisod that solletllng horrible ihad hapelled to sever the I loverm Kitty had swept ill thie queenliest way front the room. •.Nor cvcn Ill tihe pirlvay of tier ows roomi did she for a loug thie break ldownll into nbject tears, shlo stood as though turined to whilt unmrbl, I Inclllg deflnilly tihe Coptain's Ilotugraphldver 1 Ihe olaeel- liclre', us though datlring it to relentt ttie ullrirgonrs ltaogigo of tlle letter, Wihen ter mothler's tillt knock came lpre a Ssenlly to thodoor Kitty slked in iadull dead i volco - " What Is it P' " It is I, dear." t" Well, mother, what is-it P" she repeated It poll her mothor's entroince. "It's sone misltnderstandilg, Kitty-somai . drondful nleauderstanldlng-or illiseihlef- emanklig if his alnt's. From the first, dear, I never "l)Unl't, mother'; I asked you no?tanl I meant a It," rhe said In a tone which at once silenceod and Itrrified her gentle mother. 1, l'uirillg to sy sometling rot leas repellsrt sit si el-ecold to her motlher, Kitty erught the c )oenrlnng trouble in her geulIo eyes and was Smoved to fold her imulsively in her arms ul a i" Ieenrmolther I aradear omol ther " ,aiir 0oon tim poor girl waio Again a tittlo child Ii oela lior mothir's hnee, Yet ovcir thon slro *th]et not lot her inothcr talk of that letter or Its writer. " If I sltruckyou in the face, umother, you tomlld nootlike over to spsok of it, or have it Ipoken of. Let omell y to forgot it: it's the toast I call inlre for " seli said, with anil aching I desolation iI her voico wclicil madle ier motlher II press hicr almost pansminrtely to lher bosom. Iut though poor Kitty would nlot allow her lnother to dliscuss tlhe ltter or its writer, or tho o htolie ofl its wlritlig, withll n itlcooinsteucy f thitli girls will inlderstanld, she permittedl , ven Perelloo neroursgirdi, bIrr tleirest frienldr, ?liss eitIBeelhcert, to discuss the wuholo elfiilrce hiisuslvely. " It's the aunt, of courseo' ad it's Mlt.tll.les. tola. of oourse I but lIotlhig yeoll could lo or shi aeuld ay jusillles sch a letter. f Ihoeld dervly Ilk. to ev bgle hm a little lesson witl tlls,' I srwttolilg her riding-wlip viciously i the alil'. S eed rm I say thit a little of this vigorouie virago tb ef physicol vellgrenlce II onl tile recrenit a 4 renctionnryelfectoni Kitly P Ierlovowns desd -rmurdeoroud as she itorlit--lail slilo re. verlrried, so to say, tilio hodly f tihe dral, cnld rol irot enihlure its dlercentili uny sellch talk. ls trll had th le tInc t I ereelve Ilis, she a wnl.t t oc uporll thlo opiloslte tack if tryilng n a imlagiro asn elleqlllto il rovi\cation for aiuc a i btues, ni " i r cros?lseaillrid Kitty iriiruI all hicr lirn ti ,wlwth Mr. hlulh.uisio iiberrnut Ilihhllig anry S y Iuijh e llOl i en l" d'crlnhlily covsiider id~dellycl r Io II I nl'iiirir'li , iii h. , ?e eri' s klloCii h nig clwhnt shel' thin jiler," lsh wiii i p-" shei " lieig Irs. iic ourt, the rellillnr' nllllt. II olIoie of tlhleo pn Ennglislriuilrrri ere liie Ned's woodnire I suohlers--o atill ithit iiylihiig whholitr uslhes them oat of theu treilnlicular I a hlair's bmeeLdi srlllude tiil over altollether. to IHaving doeno something by her sympathy at least, if not 1by tl r comments andl her counsel, to comfort poor Kitty's harrowed heart, Bell had to qoit her to ride home, where thero happened to be urgent noed of her prescce at ullehb. Just o she was in theo act of mounting her mnoln nilled, nod for this plurleo hell gnthllred u I her hanlit with oone hnd, lhe caughl night of the recreant Captain sanlding stalrin at lhcr Is though turned to stone. llc had no sooner posted his letter to Kiltt lhmin ht repented of its brutality and hurried after it, or rather with i it the Limited Mail to Ireland. Ili intenso love coming Imek upon him with i rush swept everything before it, n0 that in thil mood and for the moment ie would belierv notllhing-n-ot that infernal phllolograph, lnot tlit own very oyes-against Kitty's truth and ucll, tliougth shei had no idea that this was lth Captain (owioi olio had never seei),was arrested by the atupoefction expressed in the facoe this mne who stared at her an at the ghost ca somlle ono le had mullrdered. resentlly he look out a photograplh ald com. Iared it with her fie and flgurce-not forgettinh heor riding trousers I " 1 beg your pardon," he sltmnOred, "but ii this you P" Yeh , it was Bell sure enougl. with Kitty siting on her trousered knee.cra In riding ash lhnd overtaken Kitty ndl been overtaken by hllower. leaving her horse with iher groom, eho scampered across with Kitty to th e Castle fo sheller,end,as there was only one sheltered seat available cso took Kitty on her knee. Kitty hd occultd orilti all her pecrson but her tr6eoUrd legs and lier close-cropped hoed I / E rTns. EBND.1 