As a matter of hard experience there can be little doubt that intelligent people generally who have arrived at the age of maturity know that most re forms worth the name have not beeno .reared in a paradise. Obstacles in the shape of fear, over-credulity or under crelulity, ghosts, goblins, or genii of some sort or another are said to be present at the first dawn of the advent of remedial or constructive reforms, religious, scientifico, or social. In cer tain circumstances it is natural that this should be so. When a bullet is fired from the ride the impulse that other wise might be a perpetual motion is quickly impeded by wind, air, and gravitation, which brings the projectile at last to the target,. It would, how ever, be somewhat of a curiosity for the marksman who pulled the trigger to also put a brake on the bullet at the start, or at any point in its course, with the idea of producjg a more crushing impact on the tar 't. The representa tives of these Australian colonies have not only admitted but thoroughly con curred in the principle of their proposed union and federation. No one person has taken up a more prominent and pronounced position in connection with that grand scheme which has for its object the unity of the Australian people both in their industrial develop ment and destiny than Sir Henry Parkes. He of all others was the one whose broad and deep patriotism and fur-seeing intelligence were able to grip the scheme on the broadest national grounds. It was his patriotic enthusli asm which gave the movemont its first strong impetus and power of political gravitation. The in turn focussed the national feeling of the sister colonies in the Federal Convention. For days the, *lchgriq w&'u dIb5l4el n d Fthi~r~eo4 rom a political point of view by the most acute and practical intelloect of the day; constitutions wero drawn up and certain decisions arrived at, all favourihg the federation scheme. But even the Federal Convention did not treat the question of such absolute and pressing vital importance as to insist on its taking immediate precedenc of all other legislation. The Convention rather left the question at that point where all its intricate phases ihad been so ably considered as to leave little to be done at any future !andling of the scheme, save corrections and executive action. And here still this great sbcheme of national unity and development, rests. It is a matter of some surprise, there fore, to find. Sir Henry. Parkes in his address to the people of Parkes giving way to a feeling of petulonce and siating that the greatest of all questions had been tossed about like a shuttlecock from one scheming politician to another in all the colonies. The fact is rather that the question as affecting the per sonal welfare and future destiny of every person in Australasia both socially and industrially, morally and religiously, is one which cannot be handled at all in a spirit of levity and banter, and least of all in a spirit of acerbity or corrosive bitterness. Hence the effort made by the Ballarat League, Mr. Barton's Federation League, and even that of the present Premier, in feeling the pre sent political pulse of this and the sister colonies adds nothing and detracts nothing from the position secured by the great Australian Convention of 1891. Such efforts only test the temperature of colonial national feeling as bearing upon the present aspects of federation. The unity of the Australian people is coming along right enough; only it can. not take precedence of all other legisla tion, and neither can it be shunted as being legislation of anything like a neutral or an indifferent character, We can hardly conceive that Sir Henry in his most ecstatic moments would have the Government of the day literally kick all the pressing legislation of the hour into a corner and feed the country politically with-?ederation holus bolus, for after allis eih'dbouit i, federation will not give the husry ms an extra loaf of bread or show im d1ectly and im mediately how to et about procuring one, That is to say, the imperative question of the day is an increase of industrial and productive work, a rapid decrease in the number of all who are foruibly idle, and an early forward movement in the increaseeof wealth, and the measures before the country most likely to operate in that direction are the Land Bill, the public works measures, and the Local Self-Government Bill. If these measures are passed and,.in aia junction with the U'ing on Private Properdy Lii; get into vigorous opera non we may expect the country once more to go ahead and the anvils of in dustry ring again with a merry jingle and the present weekly deficit in the colony's balance-sheet go defunct. Then Sir Henry Parkes may talk as little or as large as it pleases him; but for him to seek to play upon our fears as he did at Parkes by holding up the Chinese bogie and lead us. to infer that earth hunger of those dreadful Mongolians was so intense that a few millions of them might esh down upon us and devour us at t.rIrf akTi~ta table here unless we'l?ieerated for efence is taking'sis in he regisoof im probable at-the ?went time.t least, as ~te naman P usiness on had ~ith the :Ja iome time to come, If.l4ey hvo, lPh re the Russians at Vladiv. tock, and it is quite as probable that the MIuscovites will come in at the Chinese back door and drive themrinto the Yellow Sea as that the Chinese will steal a march on the Australians and drive them into the Never Never Country, Federation will make no real advahnce by thus playing upon our fears nor by playing upon our credulitytosuchanextentas to endeavour to makoes elieve that federatiods is of such ove¶ nan-eringnportance as to literall verI ing else out of its way. Sir Tjenry simly belittles him self when he says he will be a member of no party and accept no allegiance from any quarter except on the under. standing that federation of thecolonies will be placed before all other questions, That seems to say Sir Henry will put the break on the very train he is piloting as engineer and bring the whole of the legislation to a dead stop unless the federation train O put in front of everything. This is to be re regretted, because people generally would naturally expect Sir Henry to unfurl theujseralian il of federation on the floor 'f the 3~opie representa tive chamber,.there tdsg its merits in words of fervid eloqilence and live or die by the result, andalsh because if Sir Henry is going to take up a dictatorial position for this great scheme then it will not go one step farther. ahead and must therefore remain where it is at lpresent so far as Sir Henry Parkes is concerned, bat it will go forward for all l~lt, 