Ninth Day— May 21. A letter waa received from the Eev. Thomas Cook, thanking the Conference for its expression of goodwill, and of sympathy with his work. On the motion -of the Eev. W. J. Wil liams, it was unanimously agreed that the thinks Of the Conference be presented. to Messrs. Chas. Drew and Jas. Marshall for their kind hospitality on the previous Saturday. supernumeraries' fund. The report of the special committee on the supernumeraries' fund was presented by the Eev. Dr. Watkin. The Eev. D. McNicoll said that the com mittee had occupied 20£ hours in the con sideration of the affairs of the fund, and had thoroughly investigated them. He hoped that the report would be adopted almost without discussion. It was resolved that the report and balance-sheet presented by the treasurers be taken as read, and be printed in the minutes. The affairs of the fund were then dealt with at some length, further consideration being deferred till the following day. NEXT GENERAL CONFERENCE. .The; New ... Zealand Conference invited the General Conference to hold its next session in Auckland. An invitation was also i$o§ived from the Queensland Confer ence to. hold it in Brisbane, as that Confer ence had. decided ' that the Jubilee of the introduction of Methodism to Queensland be celebrated in that year.' The motion in favour of ; Brisbane was lost by a vote of 45 ? for to gO.stgainBt. The Eev. D. MoNicoll mo.ve, d That the next General Confer encebeheld in Auckland.' Carried. ' ? , .On the motion of the Eev. H. Bull, it was agreed i-r-' That the Conference in Auck land meet in 1897. A committee consist ing, of the President and Secretary of each Annual Conference to report as early as possible as to the most suitable date.' STATIONING COMMITTEE. The Eev. W. Lee moved the adoption of the following recommendation of the New Zealand Conference : — ' That the General Conference so amend the constitution that the laymen from each district meeting shall be added to the stationing committee, and that the station sheet shall be Considered and voted upon in its various Btages in the representative Conference.' Mr. W. Moxhain seconded. The Eev. J. E. Carruthers, as an amend ment, proposed to substitute for the words after 'considered,' the following In its various stages in the representa tive Conference, and shall be dealt with finally in the Stationing Committee.' It was suggested by Mr. W. Eobson, that in view of the probability of Methodist union being affected by some of the Con ferences, it would not be advisable just now co interfere with the constitutional basis. The Eev. E. Bavin, .concurred, and the question stood adjourned. - In the evening a special session was held to promote the deepening of the spiritual life. Addresses of an eminently devotional character were delivered by the Eevs. J. Watsford and E. M. Hunter ; and after testimonies and prayers by several mem bers of the Conference, the following resolution was passed on the motion of the Eev. E. Bavin : — ' That this General Con ference, after a Session specially set apart for waiting upon God and seeking the enduement of power both for its own mem bers and the Churches of Australasia which it represents, hereby places on record its solemn conviction that the most.pressing need of the Church of to-day is that all its ministers and members should be fully sanctified and filled with the Holy Ghost. It also avows its belief that the faithful preaching of the glorious truth of full sal vation in all our pulpits, and its actual experience in' the lives of God's people will be speedily followed by a blessed revival of the work of God throughout the whole of our Australasian Churches.' 