P3INT AKD PARRY. fEt 'AnAKis.'] The special Barton has, phantom-like, fliiteil across the political stags, and again ilisacas.-of rmntmwi. Thescason was 'ixwitivelv for one week only,' nnd con iriirv to common wont the management adhered stricilv to Us announcement. Cer Uinlv the vierr de rnittenrt was a repro duction, but ii drew a full House, tbe peculiarity of tbc performance b.ing that bo far as 'the length of the lines was con cerned tbc upual positions were reversed. Tbe star Ministerial artists did the 'Card, sir. the gentleman waits,' or ' Mo Lud. the carriage is at the door' business, while the subordinati s and supers spouted page» at a time. If I were asked to give tbc play a name I should entitle it ' The Reehaufff, or Cross Purpose* anil the Cuck-a-boop Coun cil ' And rcg.ir.led strictly us a dramatic performance I should say its chief. rm.rit lay in its brevity. It is true that certain of those most prominent among tbe minor characters were not altogether unsuccess ful in tearing a political passion to tatters when they reviewed the double-dyed iniquity of ilie proc ss by which they had been '' boosted' from the right uppir Ministerial entrance to the wrong lower Opposition one. The efforts of the rev. clerical comciliiin from Sor..ll to cn liren the pi' ce with bits of burlesque aad flashes of broad farce were also excru ciatinglv funny : but of such sorry specta cles! as 'the attempts made to attract the attention of tho gallery by the representa tives of Cressr nnd Deloraine it can only be said, in the classic language of the average stage manager. ' Jec-rusnlem 1 V hat are von ffivinc us) Go home and learn -out ? *:. .^ ,, .. _. ? ,._ ? :.i *„ n., in- nlrtS. A6SU1VUV 11 milY UK bitiu yv uiriu raine, If this is your Best, for goodness sake let us have a taste of your worst. TbaAhe cock-a-hoop Council should have been encouraged by the game of crosspur poses played in the Assembly to again reject the bill has surprised no one ; but he who thinks that therefore nothing has been gained by the special si-esion argues very superficially. On tbe Brst occasion the popular will, as expressed by its representa tives in the popular Chamber, appeared in the passing of the bill without a division, and the Council rejected it by what one of those concerned in the transaction has him self 6tigmaliBcd as a piecs of Parliamentary sharp practice. On this second occasion. againBt the full force of the most factious Opposition, the Assembly has again passed the bill by a clear majority of one- sixth of the whole. This is as though on a similar vote in tbc House of Commons or in the Lcgis lative Assembly of New South Wain or Victoria the respective majoritic B wi re 107. 21, and 16. SHU, firm in its elctermination to thwart the popular will and baulk the Assembly, thus reducing both to a nullity, the cock-a-hoop Council bas_ a second time rejected the measure. During the s/ssion next ensuing it will have its third oppor tunity, and if it again decides to flout the popular Chamber the question for decision will then be, Which will is to govern in Tas mania — that of the Assembly, representing 30,000 taxpayers of all classes, or that of Ilie Council, representing 7000 of the propertied class only f The subject is not one to be rushed, but to be dealt with deliberately, and Ministers are acting rightly in letting it plainlv appear bv repeale ily passing tlie bill that the object of the cock-a- hoopiles is Hot merely to impose a check on hasty and ill-digested legislation, as they properly way do, but to obstruct at any cost and, nt'liii* vplctt*, to force upon tbc Assembly th«- adop tion of their own views, thus establishing over the colony the rule of the srcall sarv process of prevention the 6peci.il 6CF «ion has achieve.! its object, and though it would have been better ha,i the whole ilifli cultv been shelved by the passing of Ilie bill, the re-endorsement of the measure by the Assembly alone is « further big siri'le loward itB final eettlt'Tncni. From Assessment BUI to Income Tux one glides nowadays bv a process as iasv as thai of falling off a log. Therefore, let me re mark that it wae pretty liot, for Tasmania, on TuiBday last, when the thenuoru^nr registered 128 in tbe sun and 80 in tbepha-lc. Thi6 is torrid, but, nnl- st- I nm terribly mis informed, the temperature 'was still more tropical in the Office of Taxes on tbt day previous, which tuiypetied to be tlie laet date for sending in thoso blue foolscap in ucder the supervision and direction of one Butler, by tbe fact more objectionable tban his namesake General Ben, of New Orleans notoriety, and yclept Income Tax Returns. These had been sent in shoals to the un fortunates who hadn't got any — incomes, I Yncan, not returnforms — and throughout tbc month there had been a desultory dropping in of, sonic tinus anxious and sometimes irate, enquirers ni tbe Office of Tax- s to bombard tbe unfortunate collect or \vitbqui.s tions about that form. In the gn at majority of cases, however, the thing was vca-.l with a cursory glance, and a aiuo I'iilo runuiuy fire of totto race commentary, and tbru?i out of Bight ull on that last day, under the threatened pflins and pcnali it b, the music had to be faced. Face the music ! Well thought of ! Happy ideal And as each one \vae seized by it off he rushed to the embo;H d genius oi music ivi the person of the genial collector, and straightway the lioinbardim ut raged furiously from ihe mouth of every interrogative gun that could poesibly open on the position. At first the position, is., the Fergusonian, bore it binilingly. and replied with what good effect was possible. But ne battery after battery was unmasked, rang ing from heavy siege ;irtillery; say ten iliou eaad pounders, down through clerical minor canons to ],oor little two hundred pound mountain hoiviiz-rt-. the reply became more still preserved, but the silences were longer Bnd tbe frequent incoh' r*incc^ luort! marked. Still, now and apajn a stray ehot in reply, flowi&licr; rutsb'ji] in and deuiaudrd. more tlian enquired, ?? How in thunder O.o you tx- ' pest me to pay income tax when we are selling off below cost price, and have bein living upon the interest of our debtP for the last two jearn 1 ' lie was absolutely knocked endways' by tbe r.bpuuse, delivured with a Bweet emUe. ?' Aek me something earicr.' Still, in a minute or so the flabberg:-n,d ' querist was back at lHe guns with, 'But look here, what is the 'meaning of this, and concile this litre with that there, and by what mean bam I to arrive at those rigureh ' ' Bidder ami sweeter prew (he smile as tlie response was t-lo-Ah .hesitatingly iriven. - M; dear sir, ] would l-e mobt happy to i.nii'jLiin you if I could, liut the real fact of tbe came, the thing went oil. till cxhauni: iii!] over-strained nature was evidently l.rtakinp down under thcurrilile unsiou.' A plcal passion had crept into the ejxt. nnd there mingled with the smile a catlivtic vacuity, pitiously suggestive of fast uiiprouchiuR the Hret stroke of the closiui; l;our. nnj on the instant, with the nrn.j:ili nf a i-.vivii.ix hope, like a man who r.aiis- .??. il.at liis ,:nk hour is over, the Bwrei sinp-r uf the Ci\il Bervic^ Israel stane 1 to liis f-.-ct. an I. ?m-ilh liand imperativily uiMMr..ithjd. com manded — Bo. Johnston ! Lock anl bar that ilmu- ? Noiv, whoso tries to uuur. Cleave the ruffian witb the ruler lucre, thank the Lord its nv, r. Will leave me nentw! in tliis oimir A limp and nctrelc^£ ruiii. Twas l-ad enough for weeks bff.irc. When constantly some quc-Ktiun ? Kcirt almost hourly ciojij.itig up To 6poil a man's (iig.Btion. And when, as surely as the cui-th Revolved nyton its axis, My endless theme of niBhtly .Ireautf Was taxes, taxes, taxes. But on this latest day, the rush Has been beyond all bearing. And oftenfimc' I'll own I fell Twixt Bwcnring and iieB|iairin» When men have darlcd in. nn-l looked As Iliough they coul.l lj:ivu shol .,m-. While roaring, 'Tax my inconic. sir .' Great Bcotl, 1 I bavcni got one :' ;? And tliep, by lieaven. 1 tell - ou. lloag. I woul i liavcUked to uiu?.rle Tfaofie villains witb their boarv flag Ot, 'Bead this Chinese puzzk ;' Ann to tbe inBtant stringing up Would gladly have con6ontcd, O£ that remorseless Bcribbling wretch By whom it was invented. As though I, Frederick Ferguson , Were principal aggTcs^r. And fitly should be treated as A boss enigma guess.1]- : When really, to admit the truth, To me, ns to the weakest liiimi That form had driven cnuy. Yet here I've sat the livcloni! i''».v. And given sage instructions To Half, the town, wlto mostly semed Concerned about ' deductions ; And, though I stand prep-trctl to swear 1 never made an error, I own this awful day of .!»-- lias been a perfect terror. In short, a man as well miplit be, To stand this sort of citpcr, The '-questions answered' artist Of a city morning paper; Or, from a kgal point of view, To give it mtADingstill more. A kiml of ParkerWattrlionH. Cum-Collius- Orosby Giluiorc. But, thank the gracious c:o!s. it's done, Onlenl like this.'l humbly pray. For if next year the horrent tusk Coilcctor, staff, and all I'm suro 'Twill lirive win eomjws mnitia. E,.verlingtothetbeatrira'veininw*hichl ?taned. tho eveutsof the wwk have ttiidcd jet anothi-T to tne stock sul.K'CU o1 f-tage contro versy. Wh-.n you have sCvnnplsy many limes von canuot help wondering at the extra ?rdinary ph steal chants the characters undergo. To wit. wlicu firist you t&w; Ophelia, Juliet or Desiemona, she was, per haps, a slight willowy maiden, with no pro mise of developing a robust physique. Tbe face may have been n perfect oral, the noae a graceful Grecian, and the haade and feet absolutely fair.* -like in their delicate pro portions.' The second time the Indies may each have Etmngely developed tbe height, breadth, anil angularity of a horse-marine, with a full-moon face, a tip-lilted nasal adornment, anil tlie halites and feet of a coal hctivcr, Socn yot rt ibirtl.timc, and again tbe oak has diminished to the sapling, and the majestic ijKSenci: has dwindled liku that of Mrs Ghost maUTwlisiug MeUon, after lite abstraction of tlie Gilwe to provide a fleshy envelope for hir spiritualistic Topsy. So with respect to the oilier eex, while we have had the question debated — Was Hamlet mad? we have also had the question propounded, Was Hamlet fat ? Kow the question raised by his lalcst re-ap]iu,Tninc2 at the Academy of Music on Tuis-.iay night is, WaB Hamlet 6ft 4iin high ? If so it opens up many olher from the Himalayan altitude of his head, Hamlet declared, ??' Tbe air biu.6 sbrewJly ; it is verv cold !*' wlinl was the temperature at his toes ? Seconiilv. when Queen Gertrude contemplated thf possibility of the Hauilet Ouhi-lia marriiiffL'. di ] she remembiT that 10 obtain a conjugal kiss the lady would have to provide herself with a step- ladder, ana get a wire stroicliel from her husband's mid rib lo hijs nnrieulur. so that she could ask him bv telephone vlial he would like to have for dinner ! Speaking of Ilumlel. 1 have heard of astar actor who wus convinced that all our stage I traditions about dR'sMGg the charae'rr in black velvet are uiurly -wrong, because, as the Ro-ai'HouEi! 'nf Uonmark. and to be correct the liaiulrt custume should be red — thus convening the iildlosophic prince into n sort of melauelmlic Mephistophelcs. This view he put before his manager su17^ sling that lie should al mice make the alteration ; but the manager, wit h cautious conservatism, said; '? No, dear bo/, ii won't do. The public wouldn't stand it. Right or wrong, thev have alwa;. s hail Uuir Hamlet in black, and riot. BesHcs,' said lie with suiden inspira tion. ' You must be all wrong, for doesn't the text say. ? Tis not my inky cloak alone, good mother.' How do you get ovtr that ?' 11 How ?' was the sar&istic; rejoinder, de livered in tones of withering conterunt ? never hear of red ink 7' This suggests a story on somewhat similar lines of a gay and giddy rovsterer, who pro posed attending a fancy' dnss ball and wanted a coat lo complete his costume. Therefore he beat up the quarters of an ancient Israeli) i eh dealer in such comuiuii ties.and accosted him with. ' Moses, I want a full bottomed pluni-coloreil velvet coat; have you got such a ihiug to suit me?' '? ^ at vou v:mt ? A plum-color coat. Os'holp me. 1 jus. Pol the thing vm 6t you like a skin. There, vat you think of that, ma tear?1' ?? Think, why that's a Hue velvet. 1 color.' Vel'l' 'veil,' v ?? lii'ln''}'' sav'^'. Here, tliis is the vnn vat joii vaut '? just made for yon.' ' I tell j on. SIos-s. I want a plum- colored coat, while iliiu is pearl grey. 11 you haven't got what I want, eav BO at once.' -A plum-color coat. Veil, veil, ma tear. Vy diln't you Bay so nt lirst.' Petev ! TetEv I Bring down that plum-color velvet coat 'vat vas maie for dn nurkvis. There it taking a pool grab at the x\\\ too ample breadth behind, ?? O, Father Abraham, it fit you like it v.is melted an i pound on. Just da viry thiug.' ' Confound ii. Mos-Mfjon cannot give me what I ask fur m\ no. 1 tell you I want a plum- colored eo.it. nnd this is a green one.'* Veil, you lilooiniii' idiot.'wae the retort of the Jew, who taw there was no chance of making a deal. ;' Did vou never see a preen plum V '* Improving the lime because the -hi' 6 are evil ' if a nxt the forcj of ivliicli cviicntlv commeuris iuelf very Elronfrl . 10 Mr William Hartnoll. Therciore, s;iiu|; ibat for him the i,olilical ,la:s are very evil. an.I keeping iii mind the poor little majority of 15 which so ban ly saved his Boulh LmmceMon S'.at from anmxulion by Mr J. G. I'rice, he it anil probabl .-'with thp.t md' iu vi'.'w at|SenQed last we. k the annual celcl-ration in connec tion with the Loial Clarendon Lode.' I.O.O.K.. 11. f.. bild' at Evan.iale. Tlure the strength of the onli r. and the as si»[at:ee it could be lo him iu a closvly of P.P.G.M. cltrran to 'the toa'i of\heGranrt Master and board of directors, when his elated that, after the remarks of Mr Curran if twrmilicit. he would be only too glad lo .Manchf ner Unity, and would use his utmost sclv.s und,.rsuch a society, hav'™ for^s ul j els Ihe poo I and biipi-iucssof eaehotln r. 'lli-liia worn and wear r brother. I'tilling hanl againsi thj stream.' Now Isufgi-b' I l*ot ihe m'.auingof tb'e above utl( ranee may perhaps be made more clearlv apparent wh-.n rendered into the foUowin'g variant on theeonc^o suggestively quoted : — In |his world we |.inli u|. knowledge And' our LlgifLltive Cnl], gu Helj,s io make ilu-se things more clear ; Huiilirok-.n-win.le.l 1.,-Uowb Far more foolisli itiireb might do Than to join the Odd, si follows, Who can help l.. pull lilui ihrougb. Therefore, iliough 1 be a duifcr, Lis.. O.lisLeu.i, .,„-,? ii,. me, Help a worn and wi-uf v buffer rulling hani a?.iiiist' ilie stream. S.w.al laHl I n-Pih,., I,,, v Thai I .In.lp-ft.l in early youth, An.I in-rcPivt'il thr jj^rfeci beautv Of vmir ?? FricmUhin. I^ve, and Truth.' ll iiU|jlies the close alliamv Thai ehould ivipn bitwecn us two, Von to bid my f,,,r defiance. I to boom the {.tc.ii M.U. Thus, while in j our ranks n Lo.lgo-r, — SriU, o, comrader ! I shall scream, Help a poor unhappv coJuer Pulling hard again* the stream. Here I vow lo mak' vnu famous I ( ' J'a ' wn 'wi ' if j ' '.' ',' ] ''?' *'fflt' And iIhf fact w ' i acL ma-' note Slioulil ive l«il, ,| ci 'e to strike it^ I'm io spoul aii.l ? ,,u'r ? to vole. S.. i;,i ..mir Ii, -i all ,l,,ul,is Iu smother, lli-Ip a soiK- lir..ke. «?, ali-kneed brollii-r Pulling hard afc'dinst the stream. Let jonr'Tes' my bosom' gladden, Say but, 'Be itM-yoawtota,' Then a Hnger-Bnap for Braddon And a withered tig for F.ish, Help me but to malce axally, And I swear to do my part, Then fore, liken loyal ally, Set this motto in your heart : '? One gooJ turn deserves another.' tio to make it all 'twould eccm Help, O, helji, this burst-up brother Pulling hard against the stream. The little personal peculiarities of another local celebrity came during the week under tbc discussion of a select .private circle. Charles Lamb, the genial Blia, declared that pvi'i*? man has some Ht,t~3f- npmonal nccu* liariiy. One of his hearers demurred, assert ing that he at least was free from anything of thosort. ' Vcs?' said Iiamb. ' Now, with which bawl -!o you shave yourself ?' ' With my right hand, of course.' ' Ah,' paid the brilliant humorist, ' there is your little per sonal peculiarity. Most people shave them selves witb a rotor.' But to return to oar local friend. Said one of thoae discussing bis merits, ' A pecularity of his is that, start with him in whatever part of the world you will, bilorc yon arc five minutes older he will have }ou eilhir in New Zealand or en gaged in a one-sided disquisition on Gome thing that occurred 'When I-wus Major of this city thirty yearsago.'' ' Yes,' chipped in a second, ' 111 that respect he puts me in mind of a little story 1 have beard nlont an old gentleman and his little grey pony. The old boy was so wrapped up in his favorite that no matter what was the topic of conversation he was bound to lug * my little grey pony* into it by thehiailaud cars beforo a doien sentences had been Bpokcn. So nolablc hod the habit Income that one day, while it was under discussion, a f nend made a sporting offer U- bet nnvonc a champagne sup|icr for six that he could not hold the old gentleman in conversation^ for ten minutes without the pony being intro duced. Another took up tbe wager, and with au umpire to see fair play started out to find his man, and win his bet. Knowing the old gentleman's habits he quickly picked him up at his club, where at the moment he was quietly discussing a light luncheon in tbe shape of a plate of o'. sters nnd a small bottle of Chablis. Thinking ojstcrs was a topic about as far removed from horse flisb as it was possible to get, the wary one seized his opportunits*. 6at down, called for a nlate, and then opened the trenches with tbe casual remark, ' These arc remarkably nneo-.storsf 'Ws.'said the old boy, 'Are they 'not ? Bemarkably line 1 But do you know whenever 1 wish to thoroughly enjoy a plate of oysters I mount my little grey ponj'.'— »' Confound \'0u and your pony ' was* the laughing exclamation, ' it hafi just cost me a champagne supper, and the morti fication of being stumped with the first ball.' 