A disease which is responsible for one-third of the mortality of the world is a subject of pai'amount interest to every community, and in view of the recent alarmist report issued by the Australian Health Wocieby, Dr. 11 uncan Turner's brochure, entitled Is Con sumption Contagious? is specially opportune. Dr. Tur ner, of Collins-street, Melbourne, m the course of his thirty years' experience has had exceptional opportu nities of observing patients suffering from pthisis, not only in hospitals in England and the European Continent, but at private homes and world renowned health resorts j yet of the thousands of cases that have passed under his hands he has never, been able 4.^ of.fon 4a nf f.nn great importance to trust entirely to a_ single experience or the observation of one practitioner, and recognising the position, Dr. Turner publishes extracts from the writings of five of .the leading English authorities on consumption, all of them published since the discovery of the tubercle bacillus by Dr. Koch in 1882. Dr. Charles T. Williams, tne senior physician to the Broinpton Hospital, states that the statistics of the hospital from 1844'to 1884, and those also of the_Yictoria Park Hospital for consumptives " direbtly"TnQgative the idea of infection.'" Dr. Willianls.w^iifiri^oji'-the subject in 18S7, when the theory of/infection-had found not a few advocates amongst tire medical pro fession, states that though he had come'.adross a certain number of apparent cases of irifectibn^they had nevbr stood the test of close inquiry. DrhK. Douglas Powell, consulting physician .to the same large hospital, where the conditions were.probably more favourable to infection than in any other, place in England, is equally emphatic in his opinion of the non-contagiousness of the disease. The extracts made by Dr. Turner are very interesting and must convince readers that the weight of evidence as well as of argument is in his favour. If consumption were as contagious as represented by those workers in the cause of sanitary science whose enthusiasm and aggressiveness have led them to "push their claims a trifle too far," then patients would have to bo isolated as those suffering from scarlatina and sinall-pox. But such not being the case, the promulgation of the theory must, as Dr. Turner observes, " tend to promote coldness and selfishness among friends and relatives, and so deprive sufferers of that active cure and sympathy of which they stand peculiarly in need." Many pathetic instances are given by Dr. Turner of the misery endured by some of his patients whose rolativos'bolioved in the infection theory. It must be noted that Dr. Turner does nob refute one theory by putting forward another j he simply adduces an overwhelming series of facts, tho result partly of accumulated records of cons umption cases in hospitals and private houses during the past fifty years, partly of careful experiments made in the full light of Dr. Koch's discovery of the tubercle bacillus. Tho "dust" theory of infection, tho assoftion that tho dried sputum of consumptive patients contains active bacilli, which may live for years and at any time infect healthy piorsons, is the one to the refutation of which Dr. Turner devotes special attention. Naturally tho question arises as to Avhat are tho causes of tho spread of phthisis. The thoory of lierodity is nob discarded by Dr. Turner, bub ho lays stress on tho fact that " there is in all patients ivlio become consuuqitive a pre-tuborcular stage, which is a preparatory stage for the parasite." Dr. James Andrews, physician to St. Bartholomew's 'Hospital, and the Victoria Park Hospital for Diseases of tho Ghost, London,, states that " in many important rospoots pthisis very closely resembles ague." Indeed, all the authorities are agreed that climatic influence is very great both in causing tho diseaso and in curing it j also that if the patient can bo treated in the early stages of consumption, recovery is almost as certain as it is hopeless when the ravages of tho bacillus have ex tended over a long period of time. The value of Dr. Koch's tuberculins for ascertaining whether the bacillus exists in patients suffering from pulmonary affections is only beginning to bo recognised by the medical profession. Tho disappointment which ensued after that astounding pilgrimage of 7000 doctors to Berlin, barely four years ago, has induced tho majority to ignore Dr. Koch's laboursaltogothor. Melbourne physicians, fortunately, never " lost their heads" over experiments which Dr. Koch was careful to explain were not entirely conclusive, and so they are amongst the first to direct attention to the possible development of tho principle of inocu lation., Dr. Turner, in his previous work on the importance of air and diet in chronic chest diseases ■supplied in a roadablo form that information which pationts and their friends need in order to under stand and carry out tho treatmont prescribed and ■tho advice given by a physician in cases whore roooyory is a mattor not of weeks but, porhaps years. The prosent brochurols invaluable as afford ing soiontiflo proof of tho correctness of the oommon sonso view that tho.ordinary rules of cleanliness and people pro-disposed to consumption need have no fear of nursing or livingin the. same house with patients whose recovery is hopeless, 