THE FINANCIAL POSITION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—A public man who endeavours to fol- low an independent course naturally falls foul of all parties at different times. Not long ago I was told I was guilty of "youthful," and, therefore, so it was alleged, "shallow cynicism," because I stated that the desire of certain people to have their names associated with some acceptable scheme of federation induced them to overlook the Federal Council as an already established base. Now because I suggest a scheme which demands a display of patriotism I am a "dreamer," or, according to Mr. Harper, ignorant of our political system. Well, it little matters to me what people think of me, but in the interests of the state I would be obliged if members and the public would again consider my scheme. The procedure to be followed by the committee I suggested would be perfectly simple, perfectly constitutional, and according to precedent. The committee would arrive at certain conclusions. The Government (I propose that three members of the Government should be on the com- mittee) would introduce the measures, the other members would, it is presumed, sup- port the proposals, and the rest of the mem- bers, if they so desired, could " play skittles " with them—the privileges of the House would thus not be interfered with. The pre- cedent of this course is actually supplied by the Government in ,as they allege, including in their Budget as part of their financial proposals the suggestions of the Tariff Com- mission—a body not for one moment to be compared in political and financial weight and experience with the gentlemen I named. I am told, also, that I make this proposal because I do not intend to offer myself for re-election ! Let my critics ask the electors of Grant if they would have me back again notwithstanding this dreadful handicap. My proposal has one great draw- back, it demands patriotism and offers no material reward. Will my critics tell me what I should do? Shall I dream of the days but of yesterday when I joined with scores of others in contending to the utmost for a piece of painted stick, or drowsily raise a phantasmagoria filled with the figures of men who have borne hardship and suffering and loss for their country's sake ; or shall I copy the sneer of the old cynic and take the ghost of his lamp and search for a patriot ?— I am, &c.;, H. ARMYTAGE. Parliament-house, Aug. 22. 