'TRUTH'S' TRUTHS. Port Darwin's valentine was— an early earthquake. What in a sweetheart is sweet auburn hair, that in a wife is rank red. The ' troops' 1 of King lialietoa, of Samoa, numbering 28 men, hare struck for nine months' arrears of pay. At Paddington poiice court last week, Annie Booney received three months under the Tag. Daisy Bell wili soon be on her uppers. Cobar boasts of a man whose Ekin, from neck to feet, is a perfect network of devices tattooed in a mart skilful manner. He is ex hibiting himself locally. The' Singleton -Avgus' says: — Truly the plans for settling tbe unemployed difficulty sesm to be as varied as those for seeming perpetual motion. New motto of Entrlish magistrates: — 'Poverty is no excuse in this country.' Well, that's better than the old motto:— ' Poverty is a crime.' The rich gold-find at Hill End, N.S.W— a new reef, yielding lOOoz to the ton 1 — an- nounced just after the Government offer of £1000. Coincidence 1 'Western Advocate' (Orange), in its local column, contains a paragraph headed ' The Dam Fish.' Is Torpy becoming pro fane in his mature years .' A new name has been discovered for 'milkmaid 'in Plattsburg, Two residents, at least, are charmed with a ' cow-belle ' nightly.—' Wallsend 6un.' Despite the emphatic refusal of the Boyal Family to subscribe, ever £33,000 was col lected for Jabez Balfour's victims, and over 2000 families helped thereby. Dr. Phillip Musket i has issued a book, 'How to Live in Australia.' The Govern ment should buy up the whole edition and present a copy to each of the unemployed. ' On what foundation stands the warrior's pride?' wrote Dr. Johnson. Well, the cham pion pug lives flashly for a brief period, and then comes on his uppers with a sickening thud. The Adelaide (S.A.) Zoo boa constrictor has spat up the lug it swallowed a month ago, after a patient attempt to digest it. Now we know what to feed our autumn poets on. ? ? ? When the eminent statesman can't sleep he is described in the 'press as suffering from insomnia. The nninfluential worker is alluded to as a dirty beast who was unable to rest from fleas. Ihe shearers object to a references though tbe seamen rind them convenient. In like manner the Broken Hill miners struck against piece work, favored by the coal miners of Newcastle and Illawarra. ' Inverell Times' regrets that our esteemed townsman, Mr. James McDonald, 'is in a ?very precarious, if not dangerous condition.' TBDii trusts that he will speedily improve, if not get better. Gently sarcastic advertisement in a Sydney musical instrument shop: — T?OG horns to EOofcbo tbe nerves of your nest ?-- door neighbor; Is. Fog horns, silly and Eydney 'D.T.' Bays of the 'Mountain Torrent' :— ' The picture is from the brush of Robert Harwood.' No, it isn't; it's from his brain. Anything that comes from an artist's brush is but a daub. Councillor George Anderson, of Adelaide, S.A., couldn't find a steam tram in all the United States or Canada. The electric trams are there the vogue. Hut Sydney is ^vaiting for the pneumatic tubes, dou'tcherknow. The height of vulgar display hns been reached by tho wife of an American million ahe, who weareeyo-glaEsea suspended upon a string of diamonds hung round her neck, and allowed to fall to tho hem of her gown. The ' Araidale Chronicle ' gays the local storekeepers have decided to keep up the price of sugar to i d a 1 b. They have entered into nn agreement that whoever tells it nnder that price will pay £20 to the hospital. They state that previously sugar was being sold by them at an actual lose. Since Women Suffragists save eap And arc Each etern reeolverr, Mukc every Won't-Kcep-EtUI a Trap They wouldn't need revolvers— For auy g'til of any charms B,.-tn always curry native ABHS. Dr. Stuart, ex-bishop of Waiapu, K.Z., and now en route to Persia to take up missionary work there, was in Sydney last week. lie ia brother to the late Sir Alexander Stuart, and as like him as two peas in a pod. Manifest of the steamer Lucania, as given by a New York paper : — ' 1 Madame Patti ; 3 maids ; 32 trunks ; I husband ; SOO.OOOdole in gold. ' This,' adds the commercial editor, ' is what might justly be termed an assorted cargo.'1 One of Alfred Bennett's papers has a pic turesque description of the lulling of a snake at Waterloo, and refers to the present ?' as a month of special aphidiaii activity.' Some body on the staff has evidently got 'em again. ' Did you get a valentine 1' ?' Yes, eight of 'em.' ' You got eight valentines 1 You must be a lucky dog among ihe girls. Why, who on earth cent you eight valentines V 'Well, there were two writs, four lawyers' letters, and one summons.' Lord William Beresford, brother of Lord Charles, got his Victoria Cross thusly : — ' A wounded soldier sang out to him, ' Save yonr self : never mind me.' ' Get up on my horse,' ordered Bill, 'or I'll punch your ? head for yon.1 Tben they lode off amid a shower of speara.' The late Mr. Eedfearn, es-CouncU Cierk of Burwood, who left sensationally f 01 other shores the other day, said— on the eve of hie sad suicide— that an alderman who owed £47 rates was left alone, while the bailiffs were put into the bouse of a poor devil who owed only half-a-crown. Cnder tbe heading 'Servants Wanted,' ' Sydney Morning Herald ' had the follow ing advt. the other day : — ?plTO E&GS.;— Earn Eggs wanted in anj ?' quantities. Somebody is evidently going to try and hatch out a new variety of 'domestic beln. A Barwon elector, who was bitten on the nose by a venomous brown snake, rubbed into the wound common table-salt. The face swelled considerably. and the wound bled freely, but there were no symptoms of fur ther danger. The fate of the snake is not recorded. The death of W. M. Sullivan, at Orange, is a bad knock for the thirsty of that town — which means everybody there. He was for IS years boss of a wine and spirit store, and generous to the core. Formerly a pub lican at Eraidwood, and, previous to that, a babe-in-arms in London (E.) Judge Murray has modified his sweeping condemnation of bookmakers, and, by way of appendix, has declared that stockbrokers on the Exchange ate the biggest gamblers on the face of the earth. Yes, and tne trade kings who try to corner markets take a lot of licking. In short, the whole of civilisation is one roaring gamble. Maradan, a 6wi68 vrife-mnrderer. who has endured the prescribed trrm of imprison ment for his crime, is now bringing a libel action against Edonard Rod. a French novelist, for making the details of the murder the plot for a novel. Maradan clainiB £300 by way of compensation for the damage inflicted on his 'good reputa tion.' Between Lambeth and Westminster (Lon don) the Church ef England owns over one hundred gin palaces. Ab the business »f these places increases, the Church always raises the rents, so that her interest lies in extending tbe use of liqnor as a beverage on the one hand, while she poses before tbe world as laboring to restrict the curse with the other. * « ? It is about time the' pore heathen' seriously considered the advisability of send ing missionaries to England. At Botterham not long ago an ironworker sold his wife ta a miner for 30s, a transaction to which the wife was a consenting party. After the sale a document was signed in the presence of witnesses to the following effect : — '? I, ? , agree to part with my wife, and let her do as she has a mind. For ever and ever, Amen.' The popular Watkin Wynne, the New York escapee (!) has returned to his responsible post as genial and general manager of the Sydney 'D. T.' Now, Mr. Wynne should certainly have a big action for damages against the British Consul at New York for causing him to be arrested as an English defaulter named Watkin. Australia should send the Sobraon to bombard Hell's Gate and shell New York until indemnification is complete. A few nicknames for warders at Darling hurst Gaol, according to ?? Under Lock and Key ' : — ' Long J., J imnry the Bull, the Racehorse, Lobengula, Mad Mick, Mickey the Kg, Drop me a Line, Stumpy J., Cough Mixture, German Charlie, Big Liz, Napoleon, Jimmy the Whisperer, Lord Harris, Straight Edge, Exactly 80, Lobster Face, the Crying Warder, l'orky, Dry Plate, the Braidwood Terrier, and Bucky the Marine.' ' I wish to God 1 could employ the men 1' After devoutly uttering this aspiration, Mr. B. G. FitzGibbon, chairman of tho Metro politan Board of Works, on Monday last, told a deputation bearirg a letter from the Premier requesting him to find employment for men on the sewerage works, that it was not within his province to nccsde to tho re quest contained in the epistle.— 'Brunswick (.Vie.) Medium.' It is stated (snys the ' Barrier Miner'), though with whnt degree of truth we are not prepared to Eay, that tbe Broken Hill 1'roprietary Company almost dcaraire of keeping it» best and roost experienced rotorin view of tbecountsraltractions of Coolgardic and otber West Australian fields, and also in view of the openings which are being made in Victorian and Queensland mining centres by the dHux thence westward. Extract from ' Derry Journal ' (Ireland). ' Resolved — That thiB (Donegal) Board of Guardians cannot incur a greater expense than 7b lid for tbe burial of each of the two eailois whose bodies have been washed ashore ? Mr. Hunter, receiver of wrecks, Deny, requested payment of 12s for burial of carcase of a bullock, washed ashore at TurmoreBay. Payment ordered,' At tbe annual meeting of the United Licensed Victuallers' Association of New South Walee, the general secretary re marked that ??the extension, of the Associa tion into the country was 3. Eubject of much congratulation, since the country branches would be able to greatly influence the elec tions for good.' Tbuth haB no doubt that they will greatly influence the elections for good. They will greatly influence them for beer as weiL ' Charlton Independent ' newspaper, Vic toria, has changed hands. Ex-editor J. 6. Irving, though a devout Freetrader, was by no means devoid of humor. One of his farmer clients wrote frr a weather forecast, and Irving replied, ?' We believe that the weather next week will be very like your subscription bilL' After puzzling for an hour over what this meant, the publican enlightened tbe man of turnips. It meant 'unsettled.' The account was paid. Richard Dennis Legge, who collarei £3000 from the Waverley branch of the Bank of Australasia, won't have a free leg for three yeara. However. £10&0 a year for three years is not a bad bargain f er a smart young fellow to negotiate in ene act. By ordinary good conduct mitigation, Legge should be released in two and a half years, and ' influence ' may so shorten the period as to average the honorarium — thongh it is a dead horse, probably— at £1500 a year at the very least. It is cabled that cannibalism is said to have been common among the prisoners in the Russian penal settlement on the island of Sagbalien, owing to the lack of food. It is strange how frequently cannibalism occurs in consequence oi hunger. £0 frequently, in fact, that it it a wonder any newspaper could be aes enough to pay for a cable an nouncement to that c&ect.; When canni balism takes place on account of cold feet or being drunk and. disorderly, it will be time enough ta pay a large price for the in formation. A brilliant genius has written to the ' D.T.' suggesting that the police be armed with the 2-ball lariat — a weapon made by fastening a heavy leaden ball at each end of a 2ft strip of green hide. This, when skilfully throivn, would tangle round the legs of an escaping offender and bring him to the ground with a mighty thnd that would wake every slumbering ?' copper ' within a radius of 7000 yards. In the hands of a woman nothing within four miles -would be safe from this terrible weapon— except the object at which slie aimed. Mr. Marshall Lyle, the curly- headed, red bearded Melbourne lawyer, who defended Seeming, and has been under a kind of mental blight ever since, recommends the reading of Zola's novels. ?' It may be ob jected.' cententionEly observes Mr. Lyle, 'that his novels are unclean; but such writings are necessary to make the public clean.' Which is equivalent to saying that the proper way to purify oneself is v- fall into a sewer as a start. Mr. Lyle is a gen tleman with a head aB full of ideas as an egg is full of meat. An addled egg, so to speak. It has beenarranged by Victorian Mirfister of X airways Richardson that travelling re freshment cars shall accompany tbe Sydney express in tbe American style, since he under went a little experience when inspecting the arrangements made for travellers victualling at station buffets. At ? refreshment ? room an elderly gentle man burst into tears on viewing an assort ment of buns on the counter. Asked by the unusually sensitive barmaid the reason, the wayfarer replied : ?' Two years ago my late, and greatly lamented, wife and I passed through here, and we scratched our initials on a bun — which I still perceive in your care. Let me have it, pet, as a souvenir.' A correspondent says:— 'The authorities deserve great credit for discovering the 1 petty cash ' fraud racket to soon — for nip ping the affair in the bud go to speak. Thirteen years ago a kangaroo and some wild duck were taken from a certain Government office to the private residence of a big official in a cab, and f/ood old - Petty Cash ' paid tbe fare without a murmur. On another occa sion a cab waited four hours one night out side of a golden-haired houri's ' canary cage' at Hand wick, and someone's said 'Petty Cash1 parted up bravely for that little outing also. The cabbies in particular will regret to hear that their time-honored friend— good old Petty Cash1 — has at last had to 'suspend pending reconstruction.' ' Whale or Shark The Sydney men are Eorry anils, And most Tex&tjons; ' Harks ;' Some weeks ago tbe talk was wualee 1 And greasy men, o'er soapy files, Harpoon'd you wicb ttacir Arctic tale&~ But now the talk is sbarks. Ob. res, thefcarborV lull of charts, Theyewarmaad ekccoUogn«; And, open-moutYd, they chase tbo barkf, And EQ&p; at gunwales— lcaTing marks Till wink's are ont of all tlie larLs— And sh&xk6; Rie aU tbe voxac. And long bends bonder what will next tiiisLilQ tbo lurbor Ulc ? Ana, by mj jib! may I be ? sci-ed, If I don't frol right down rrrptacd, Uecause I thinh the present lexl Is ' very like a wiiule.' Australia mnst develop its own resources (eays ' Brisbane Age.') And what is Aus tralia? Is it the Banks or the People? The country has hitherto existed for tbe Banks, and it ishich time the bulk of the people got something out of tbe country, liigtat millions of ixoney to be paid by the A.J.S. Hank i'e a very large sum. It needs more tliau ordinary financial wisdom to father that cum. It needs groat and good busiuc£F, and it needs the implicit confidence ot the people, and their energy. The bank oflicial has been demonstrated to be a cypher, and if the banks wish to succeed they must be patient with the people as the people have been patient with them, A correspondent of the ' Walcha Witness' writes : — It was Sunday, the Lord's Day. Large churches stood empty ; there was an air of idleness in places, yet the cricketers enjoyed their play ; the tennis players waxed warm ; and occasionally guns echoed their reports as wild ducks' fell from the blue height or toppled over in water ; reapeis were busy gathering in the harvest while the weather was suitable, and altogether the idea was aroused that after all Sunday in the bush is not so very dull. City folks may negotiate their totes or go to ' sacred ' con ceits in theatres or have a hack-door nip at the hotels, but they don't have all the fun. Since his return from London, where he remained a week or two instead of 'for good,' after wiping tbe dust of Australia ostentatiously from his feet hist year, Anarchist Agitator Fleming has been doing his best to discredit the recognised Labar leaders of Victoria and boost his own virtues on the banks of the smellif erous Yarra. This is the gentleman who on once yelling, ' Have you no emotions.' Can we do nothing to move you 1' vr»s answered, ' Hove U6? Oh, yes. Just pass around yet 'at.' Wholesale dealers in dynamite are at a discount. To prove their lona fides the public want to see a few retailers of bombs. The Nowra Municipal Council and the Board of Health are at loggerheads over a local dairy. The Board wrote the Council, requesting that a certain dairyman be called upon to fence his premises off from the Greenhills 6wamp, or a portion thereof, which was alleged to be polluted. Where upon one alderman moved the rejection of the letter, as it was ' derogatory to the beEt j interests of the community.' This was sup ported by another alderman, on the gronnd that 'the letter seemed a most impudent thing,' and that it was 'an abEurdity — s downright absurdity — to expect a man to fence off a watei hole.' The motion to reject the letter was only loEt by the casting Tote of the Mayor. Evidently typhoid is not feared by the Kowra aldermen. There is a limit to the English hanger for hanging, and that limit is reached when a parson is the proposed victim. Eev. Geo. I Griffith, of Kiiiiynn, County Cork, chopped I up his mother with a tomahawk because she refused to give him any more money. Ee was duly sentenced to death, and as duly reprieved ' on the ground of insanity.'1 This paper would like to see a few parsons hanged — not because it objects to parsons, but because it remembers that the judicial scragging of Bev. Dr. Dodd, for forging Lord ^hsfteEbury's name, was the prime canse of tbe abolition of the death penalty ior forgery. Tbdth rejoices to eee that the dailies are { taking up the question of the hideous din I created by the street traffic thundering over I the wooden-cube roadways. Either a new road composition, that will stand wear and tear, or a noiseless wheel, will have to be invented. The nerves of the race have already too many strains to bear to be sub i iectei needlessly to new ones. Macadam i was a country benefactor, but a iown torturer. The inventor of wooden-block roadways was an unmitigated fiend, who probably retired to the Eocky Mountains directly he realised on his patent. Drink h&s; tteza its thousands, bnsted hanks their tens of thousands; but wooden-block road ways have silently, secretly, and slowly pnt to death their hundreds. oi thousands. Abont a month ago the boa-coaf trictor in the Adelaide Zoo swallowed hie rug. He got it down all right and kept it down, but being a Government blanket and prescmably a shoddy article, the boa could not manage to digest it. Consequently he ejected it the other day by the 6ame way it went down. And now the Zoo authorities have on exhi bition as an extra special attraction a Go vernment blanket, rounded to a thin, long point and twisted into the form of the snake's alimentary canal. There is evidently a limit even to the digestive powers of a boa constrictor. One good point about Bpurgeon the elder was that be generally gave his congregation plenty of amusement, even if he occasionally ran short of religious sentiment He was not particular as to bow or where he joked either, and it is related of him that on being called npon to preach the funeral sermon of one of his deacons, he took for his text tbe simple but touch ing words, ' And the beggar died.' Spnrgeon met his match one day, however, in the shape of an Irish hod-carrier, who, in answer to a question put, replied : ' This bnildin' is to be the Holy Catholic Church av St. Joseph.' ?? Indeed,' said Spurgeon Bharply; 'tben I am very sorry for that.' ' So is the Divil,' said Pat, 'and it's moighty ehtrange that you two gintilmin should be a? the one moind 1' Sara S. Nolan, Col. President of the W.C.T.D., writes bitterly on the barmaid business, and amongst other hair-raising horrors, says : — 'A young woman answered an advertisement. She found the place was an hotel, and it was a barmaid they wanted. The mi6tress said, ' l'ou will suit' (for the girl was tall and nice-looking) ; ' the work is not heavy ; you will only require to make yourself agreeable to the men.' 1 think this needs no comment.' After all there is not much argument in that quotation against the barmaid's billet. 'Make yourself agree able to the men' haB been the whole duty of woman from the days of Mrs. Adam down, and if the W.C.T.U. really wishes to put a stop to that, it should begin by start ing a mission amongst tho society belles of Potts' Point. The woman who makes hei self disagreeable to the men will find herself badly left in the great race of life, and miss heaps of fun as well. ? A Sydney employer' was Impri«OB«lfa^H the rising of the court for havjng iBOcj^H out an employee's eye. It was done 'M^H dentally ' during a scrap. That's all X*gj|H But we'd like to wager that had*n emplSj^H 'accidentally' knocked ont an employg^B eye — he would have been jugged for a, -!3^B siderable period. This would be only 3M^| An employer's eye is very much more, T*U^| able than an employee's. Infact,whataoesS^| employee want eyes for at all? Ifhoh&dBM; got 'em, he would beBpared the sight ot Q^H mioeiable surroundings. Ihe tmplojeed^H question onght to be tnankf ul— 3^1 The logic of tbe nutter goes, ^^1 As seen by any calL ^^H Tbe two-eyed man wen all hit woes; ^H Ilia one-eyed man but lalf, 'i^H Here is a pretty 'warm ' advertiEemf^H clipped from the ' Evenooze ' : f^HI GENTLEMAN TldtlagSydney requires l«ay '.^H Lousekceptr tot ehort time : iivdy du- J^H position. H. C, P.O., Patk-stteet. '^H And another from the same issue : ^H GENT. WunU lady companion, tal), fair.-, j^H Writs particulars to W. &., ^ Evening 'j^H Kews'Ofi}ce, '^^1 ^Likewise this: 4M A working man wrote a nom with 11 miadle- 9^| aged widow. State terms, W, H,, JUy-v!^B market P.O. :^H After the above unblushing demands ia^k 'lady' housekeepers and companions, W following reads quits tamely by conpattH son :— ,J9 WILI. elderly gent, lend yonng I'd in dI»-S^B 1 - tress lew pounds ? ? , Post OSHxJ 3^H Annattdale. -^^H But they all lead np to tbe inentahUJM neatly alluded to as under : ' ^1H V U-'D, respectable pereou to care tor inbafe -1^H AV irom birth, in March, weekly pay, clothes -jM iound, JIn.r,,r.Ci.1Br6ldiMvM«. |M When the ' D.T.' expectorates a nnanciitW editorial, the schoolmaster 13 very mncnH abroad. Its money-Macaule; said, fotbsJB day:- .. -jH ' Here, though directly interested In the fnfctmjfflM silver, we have perforce to Kami aside, end watch ta™ operation of lorces at work, which we are powdttM U controL' fflH ' Operation of forces at work, which,' etc,ijj a very neat form of expression, and may Jpjn variously interpreted. Either, forces thata operate are not usually at work ; or, selected! forces arc operating at work which we can'49 control; or, the operation of forces-at-wotn — oh 1 dang it. We've got to watch thai operation of forces, laboring at work anil operating in labor, which— by the crobkeH mulga stump 1 we give it np. Yet thin u D.T.' imported its financial editor, fraa] Hingland at great expense. . -ja Septuagenarian Collins, head-meBsengerjS Works Department, Eydney, after 33 yesrga jackpottiog of rifitorf, has got 12mouthM leave of absence. Which means— S Weil, now, old chap, what does it mess I S Is't up, or Gown, or inbera'een? M A& autocrat he toe, yon see, M Athird partof a ctntorce. ^| He stock job ont npon a form, *3a No matter cold, so matter irazm. *3a y 0 matter what the yarn you'd epia. 3 Xhe iTifiistex tvse never in. -3 I£, BnrreptitionBlr, yoe'd try, a He'd ' hold von with hie plltf rinir evft.* m While knowing oses p&Et; yen might £VaniL| ji He pinned you to that p&EEagc; ionn. ,n| * The Minister is ia, 1 tow,' ^J ' Ent tery busy, Eir, inn tow.' ^ j*m I' faith, he toe a flannch o!d raard, ^a Bat, oing-EuchidiiEsl k;b the bard ^9 Quadrupeds swim by instinct, why nw| man learn to swim 1 Ihat's the conundrum! jsst let oS by Dr. Louis Bobinson, and hoi also points out that quadrupeds use tbielzi limbs in the water precisely as they do whenj rnnning on tbe land. A drowning man, how^f ever, acts exactly as if he were endeavorl^ to climb up a thousand steps in a thonsa&d;^ seconds. These are his instinctive movement%| and Sr. Bobinson, after comparing them,] with the instinctive flight up a tree of a.) frightened monkey, backs np Darwin'ej theory, and proclaims our Simian desccntili Here, however, is a little advice, which is tar,i more important than a ton of learned con-5 troversy. When caset f 10m. a boEC-or thrown^ into the water', if you can't swim/dwwS long breath, keep your month tightly closed,': and your hands well under the water,^ Don't struggle. That would sink you all the ; sooner. Don't shont That wonld end in.&J; splatter, end rill yon with confusion and ?alt water. Hold your head well up and? youx hands well down, and then yon can| look around and enjoy the scenery vital helpj arrives. Ladies who go boating should never] wear black stockings. Kothing tempts*^ shark more than the sigbtef a niggez'B nafa3.'j leg, and, sot being human, a shark must bei pardoned if he mistakes a black- clad ladj'tj limb for that oi a darkey. ^ * *? ' % Ihe £s-Cteen of Eawail- ^ Baceanter jig ghosts and spectres oi a hundred yean' Firsts spooks that wraith the Etorir-wiiuli when thai southern busters blow, --[ Eknll and crossbones, plant and y&r;&tnn;, hrlllgjtnir;: trappings with toc, free i ^*±*J Wing toet btaci sbaies in the whirlwind, tell &.- ?ri'at joa hitttr ite, j^3 Lotus atolls in the c&ial;, well you knew theSi fexialE repose, 5. i; Breadlroit ulandf, kaTa Eden;, -where the sepfcyieveii blows ; -J3 Where the summer is as Tvictir, tea as winter snanaS falls. tp Home cl gloricas daily maide&s;, tci ot Eild-fyei cannibals; W| Whites ta-e Changs^ &U; U-at, my herotE, civffist4'*-eBV np 10 date, :* Piraw chiels 1 ye led tht van ; and we tore taken np the weight. . ? .Hj XiGhtr Powers sect their warships 6irannl3E'?4& Southern tea, ^ And they squabbled, blustered, blundered iot-to ss hold'oliiswee. j4 And to show you that the white ffisn knows ttevtaj: to civilise, - -3M lili-nmethine, Qaeen of Eawee, has jest gtvta a;-9 Emprise ; -|H ' Take my throne and islands, ancle ; take 'ra all, ymtH Yankee boss, . ?? But, »s tuie »s I em Lili, / trill na ymjor feiriouP..M Buccaneering ghosts and Epectresof&hu;£d'rev'''«tni-|9 apo, ^ -'-^B Wonld tbe island chiefs that you knew have the'S Would they remit you in an oven, call you niece lonev^jH Pi6' rim Would they dare to eat you slowly through a lawyer II in a vig v . ig| Admiral Avelan advised the BnEEitn gg Minister of Marine to refuse the offer of a'-ll naval station in French waters. ' He coulda! not,' he wrote, 'guarantee the loyalty of his |gj officers and men if they were permitted to bo^9 constantly visiting French p»rt».' 6o '''?'V J must have been something besidesT'jfI2,1»3 interchanged during the late Busaian visit to- 3 Fiance. %M Cash Up. || J'he yells nbout tho Savinps Banks -Vm TUe grievances they lindl *fi 4 djurcc in trout ; attack in flank; -jJ And then assault behind. -^ *| ind what is all the row about, ' .;? To bescars without ' ilu y ? . '3 They ray it'E slow iu pnyiiu; out, :,m But slower taking in. jj It makes a fellow's vision black, --M It sets ouo's ears a-din, :M T.0 hear that any mortal btt& . ifl Is slow at- takingly- Si 'ill J feel outeidc the roaring rank, 'IS I am not worth a pin ; 'JfJ But 1 could wort hip any bauk - SJ That would not' wke' iuc:n,' .;?? What would ye have, ye prowling lot ? : la What oharm would scili tlie MJEd* ~M Would'st pat a penoy in tlie slot - ,-.-J| And straightway dmwa pound? ' ~.-Js Goodsukesl good folk! win- all this eta* J ' ''M Had cess 1 wuv all this din? : :? M Ye malcontents, give M& your cash. ?' ' V&m; And I will take you in. ^ '.:\\-JM 