INDIGNATION MEETING AT SOUTH MELBOURNE. A public meeting convened by requisition was held at the South Melbourne town hall last night to protest against the budget proposals. There was a crowded attendance. The Mayor (Cr. Gittus), who occupied the chair, said any alteration in the tariff in the direction proposed by the Treasurer would be suicidal. (Hear, hear.) The budget proposals indicated that it was the desire of the Govern- ment to impose "party" taxation. (Applause.) Mr. Peter Kirk moved — That this meeting considers the budget proposals of the Government prejudicial in the highest degree to the manufacturing, farming and producing in- terests generally, as well as increasing the burdens of the people who are least able to bear them. Mr. J. Poulter seconded the motion, and said the imposition of taxes on raw materials was merely a political dodge, and the thin end of the free-trade wedge. Mr. T. Smith, M.L.A., said that, prior to the utterances of the Premier four months ago at Williamstown, he (the speaker) would not have believed that such a meeting as the present would have been necessary. Since that speech, however, it had been patent that Ministers were burning for a return to free-trade, and they had actually led themselves to believe that a majority was with them. (Laughter.) They would find they had been living in a fool's paradise. He was sure there was not a general desire for the abolition of factories and the substitution of sheep walks. (Applause.) While admitting articles which need protection free of duty, the Government proposed to place a 10 per cent. duty on articles for which the protectionists never asked protection. (Applause.) Mr. Car- ter talked of assimilating our tariff to that of New South Wales : but the high excise duties of New South Wales were crippling its indus- tries, and in the tobacco trade nearly every factory there had closed down. He was prepared to nail the protectionist colors to the mast and oppose a Government which was so weak that it was ready to abandon to the care of repairers what it flaunted forth as its masterpiece. (Cheers.) The Premier had no right to attempt to throw aside the policy which had built up this country without an appeal to the people. (A Voice : He never would meet the people, and cheers.) The present Govern- ment was utterly incompetent to administer the affairs of the State. (Loud applause.) Mr. Winter, M.L.A., supported the motion. He quoted statistics to show the absurdity and invidiousness of the tariff proposals, and stated himself as opposod to the present Govern- ment. The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Falkner moved that the previous resolu- tion be forwarded to the Premier. Mr. H. H. Meadows seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the meeting. 