THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, FRIDAY, MAR. 90, (SIC) 1894 " NEW AUSTRALIA." The two ship loads of people who left Aus- tralia to found a settlement in Paraguay last year must have been very hopeless of their prospects in this country, or very sanguine with regard to those of the new settlement in Paraguay. Yet they must also have been aware of the fact that the proposed settle- ment in that South American state was re- garded very dubiously by many people well qualified to judge of the possibilities of its future. Numerous very solemn warnings were addressed to them in the press, not only here but in South America itself, and graphic accounts of the conditions of life in Paraguay were published, conveying information which ought to have damped the ardor of the emi- grants. Surprise was expressed that people should choose to leave a country where the conditions of life were so much freer, to settle in Paraguay, where, according to the Review of the River Plato, "justice is a myth, extortion the rule, and where there exists no protection whatever for life and property. The imperfect nature of civilisation of which these South American States can boast, the continuous danger of internecine strife, the looseness of the laws with regard to life and property, and especially with regard to women, for whom Paraguay is altogether unsuitable as a place of residence, ought to have outweighed any advantages which it possessed, in regard to the fertility and general productiveness of its soil. Of the latter there appear no doubts. The country selected for the "New Australia" enter- prise is described as fertile and well watered, with a climate like that of Southern Queens- land. Difficulties have been said to exist with regard to the carriage of produce and the absence of facilities to reach the sea- board. But while it is impossible to over- look these difficulties, they were neverthe- less of less moment than those in connec- tion with the Governnment of the country and the conditions of life generally. But although everything pointed to the probability of danger from outside the ranks of the settlers, it seems that their first and only troubles so far have been of an internal character. Perhaps, it might have been expected that people so utterly dissatisfied with things in Australia, would be difficult to please even under conditions such as those ruling in a communistic settlement. Much of the discontent was bred on the way to Paraguay, the voyage in the Royal Tar having been noted for a lack of suitable food. The first shipment of 200 persons left Australia in July last and arrived in Paraguay in September ; but in three months, and before the second shipment of 190 persons left Australia, a disagreement occurred and 80 of the first settlers had left the settlement. Various accounts have been published with regard to these dissensions, and it is very likely that even those which present them in the most favorable light will have a prejudicial effect upon the efforts now being made to induce a third contingent to throw in its lot with the rest. The rights of the dispute which has occurred amongst the settlers can only be determined upon a knowledge of the conditions under which all embarked upon their enterprise. Mr. Lane, the promoter, has been despotic, and he claimed that until the colony had reached certain proportions ho was entitled to assume the authority of a dictator. That this view was resented by a large number is proved by the fact that, upon his expelling three or four of the original settlers, nearly 80 others voluntarily seceded. Whether Mr. Lane was right or wrong must be decided by those who have a thorough knowledge of the conditions under which the emigrants elected to accompany him. But it must be confessed that apart from the dangers and difficulties of their position in a country whose affairs are almost in a chronic state of disturbance, the disagree- ment which has occurred thus early amongst the settlers augurs very badly for their future welfare. This is a matter for regret, how- ever people may be disposed to regard the experiment of establishing a "New Austra- lia" in a far-off land. It is impossible to avoid recognising the courage which prompted the "New Australians " to travel so far, even if their expectations must be considered Utopian. And on that account, as well as for the reason that they are Australians, hopes for the success of the experiment have been expressed even by people who were disposed to consider success well nigh impossible. BANK SUSPENSIONS AND MINING COMPANIES. — Mr. W. T. Kilsby, of the city market, who is a prominent shareholder in several mining com- panies, does not miss a chance of expressing his disapproval of the action of the banks in locking up the current accounts of depositors. At the meeting of the New Hopeful Company yester- day he had another opportunity, of giving vent to his feelings. When the balance-sheet was under consideration, it was mentioned that there were £107 locked up in the bank since it temporarily suspended payment, and it was suggested that as the money was required some arrangements should be made to obtain an ad- advance. The legal manager (Mr. Black- ham) said the Phœnix Company had been in the same position and had called for tenders for the purchase of the deposit receipts. The best offer they had received was that of Mr. D. C. Duggan, of Melbourne, who offered 13s 6d per £7. That offer was accepted. Some of the shareholders hinted that that gentleman was buying on behalf of the bank. Mr. Kilsby said that one-third of the money was a lot to lose, but when a man was in the hands of a bush- ranger who took his money, it was wise to make the best terms possible." Mr. Pinkus expressed the opinion that the companies should fight the banks over the matter, but a share holder explained that those was no use doing that, as they were protected by Act of Parlia- ment. It was decided to invite tenders for the purchase of the company's deposit in the bank. THE RECENT BURGLARIES.— The cases against the men. Francis Raybould, Charles Munro, James Parker, Patrick Murphy and Louis Cohen, who were arrested in a house in which a quantity of stolen property was found on 15th inst., which were adjourned from Thursday last, came before the City Police Court again yssterday. At the previous hearing the charges of shop breaking preferred against the prisoners were not sustained, and the charges were altered to larceny. On the charge of breaking into the promises of Messrs. Wilkins and Jones on 17th February last, the prisoners were all com- mitted for trial. Raybould and two women named Elizabeth Matson and Jessie Charles, who were sentenced to three months' imprison- ment for vagrancy on Thursday last, were then charged with stealing jewellery from the shop of Mr. J. B. Edwards on the 15th inst. Ray- bould was committed for trial, the women being discharged. The hearing of the charge against the five men of larceny from the shop of Agnes Soraghan, on the 15th inst., was adjourned till this morning. INTERESTING TO VIGNERONS.— Last evening Mr. J. Kahland, hon secretary of the Bendigo Vine and Fruitgrowers' Association, received a telegram from Mr. D. E. Martin, Secretary for Agriculture, in reply to a request sent from this association, stating that Signor Bragato would visit this city on Monday next, and deliver a lecture on Winemaking Fermentation and the Treatment of Wines." The lecture will be de- livered in the Beehive Exchange on Monday afternoon. Further particulars will be adver- tised to-morrow. THE MILDURA RAILWAY.— It is reported that the surveyors are progressing well with the survey of the Wycheproof and Mildura exten- sion. MISSING FRIENDS.— Inquiries are being made by the police as to the whereabouts of a miner named William Cleaver, who was working in Broken Hill, where he was " leaded," about two years ago, and is supposed to have since come to Bendigo, as he wrote to that effect to his wife, who resides in Latrobe, Tasmania. Inquiries are also being made, at the instance of his aunt, Mrs. Halliday, of Port Augusta, S.A., for her nephew, a young man about 21 years of age, named George Paxton, who is a brlckmaker, and is supposed to be working in one of the brick yards about Bendigo, and is said to be accompanied by a young man named Smart. Plainclothes-constable Davidson has the matter in hand, and will be pleased to receive any information regarding either of the missing men. SUDDEN DEATH.— Mrs. Trebinger, a resident of McKenzie-street, 64 years of age, died rather suddenly yesterday after a short illness. De- ceased was taken ill on Wednesday, but was not attended by a doctor, her friends looking after her. However, yesterday afternoon, she took a turn for the worse, and Dr. Hinchcliff was sent for, but on his arrival the woman was dead. The matter was reported to the coroner, but as there are no suspicious circumstances it is probable an inquiry will not be necessary. A LENGTHY SITTING.— There was a very heavy list at the City Police Court yesterday, the bench sitting until 5.25 p.m. without any adjournment. The P.M., Mr. Leader, and Messrs. Anderson and Webb, Js.P., sat all the morning arid up till about 2 p.m., the two latter leaving the bench for lunch, while the P.M. was hearing a civil case. Mr. Leader, being otherwise engaged, had to leave the bench shortly after 2 o'clock, and Messrs. Anderson and Webb were occupied for the rest of the afternoon hearing the charges against the men arrested in connection with the recent burglaries. These had not been concluded when the court rose, and were adjourned till this morning. AN IMPUDENT ROBBERY.— During the holi- days the mine of the New Red, white and Blue Consolidated was protected in an appa- rently secure fashion against unauthorised visitors, the ladderways being battened and bolted down at several plats. Notwithstand- ing the precautions taken, however, the mine was evidently visited by marauders, as on work being resumed two packages of dynamite and a dozen packages of dynamite caps were missing. The manner in which access was gained to the mine has not yet been ascertained. DEPARTURE.— Mr. A. M. Houston, late dis- trict traffic superintendent of railways, left this city yesterday afternoon. He sails for Western Australia by the steamer BuIIara on Tuesday next. WOMEN'S PRAYER UNION. — The weekly meeting of the Women's Prayer Union was held in the Temperance hall, View-street, yesterday afternoon. There was good attendance of members, and additional interest was mani- fested at the meeting, as Mrs. Nye, who, during her residence in this city, has taken a deep interest in the union, was announced to deliver her farewell address prior to leaving for Hawthorn, to which place the Rev. E. Wason Nye has heen appointed. Mrs. Nye in a brief but interesting address, thanked the members for the kindness shown her during her residence amongst them, and exhorted them to continue their connection with the union. The proceed- ings were brought to a close by the singing of the hymn, "May God be with you till we meet again." THE PHYLLOXERA OUTBREAK.— Mr. E. Hop- ton, the Government expert, accompanied by Mr. Gus Pieper, visited Elmore yesterday, and inspected Mr. W. C. Vahland's vineyard in that locality. A very careful examination of the roots of a number of vines was made, but no trace of the disease was discovered. Matters remain unaltered in connection with the out- break of the disease in some of the vineyards in the Strathfieldsaye shire, and it is unlikely that any decisive steps will be taken until after the vintage has been gathered in. A SERIOUS ACCIDENT.— Mr. Peter Kellet, saddler, of Hargreaves-street, sustained some rather severe injuries through being kicked in the face by a horse on Thursday, and yester- day was suffering acutely from the effects of the occurrence. ACCIDENT AT HARKNESS' FOUNDRY.— Yes- terday a man named Clark, between 60 and 70 years of age, met with an accident at Harkness' foundry, where he was employed. He was working on a ladder near where some of the other employes were engaged with a crane. The latter never noticed Clark, and the crane being swung round, he was knocked off the ladder. He fell a distance of about 12 feet on to a heap of scrap iron and was rather severely injured. He was placed in a buggy and driven to the surgery of Dr. J. D. Boyd, at View Point, where it was found that he had sustained two wounds on the right arm each, several inches in length, requiring numerous stitches. His left wrist was injured and he had also received wounds on the legs. The injuries wore attended to and he was removed to his home in Wattle- street. CASE OF BLOOD POISONING.— Mr. R. Wills, secretary of the Goldfields Commons managers, is at present confiined to his room, suffering from mood poisoning in both hands, caused, it is supposed, by the mineral water in a claim where he has recently been working. A.N. A.—The quarterly meeting of the Sand- hurst branch was held at the A.N.A. Hall last evening. There was a fair attendance of mem- bers, the president (Mr. C, Daley) being in the chair. Official correspondence from the secre- tary of the board of directors was read and re- received, also apologies from various members. Accounts to the amount of £3 15s 6d were passed for payment. The item on the syllabus for the evening was "A Manuscript Magazine," to which two items had been contributed, viz. : — "A Fragment, "A short sketch of the events which led up to the French Revolution of 1789, with a comparison of the conditions producing tho revolution, with similar conditions at the present day. The other contributed item was " Two Australian Veterans," a sketch of the interesting, extinct volcanoes, Mounts Gambier and Schanck, in the south-east of South Aus- tralia. Several members present spoke on the subjects, and an interesting discussion ensued. Tho sum of £88 11s was taken during the even- ing. DEATH OF A YOUNG BENDIGO NATIVE.— Yesterday afternoon the mortal remains of Mis Gertrude Hawkey, step-daughter of Mr. Thompson Moore, J.P., were interred in the Bendigo Cemetery. The deceased, who was only 14 years of age, was a great favorite amongst her companions, and her demise will be greatly regretted. The cause of death was typhoid fever. The remains were brought up from Melbourne to Bendigo by the noon train, and the funeral, which consisted of a hearse, two mourning coaches and several private vehicles, in which were seated the more im- mediate friends of the family, left the railway station about half-past 4 o'clock. The coffin was literally covered with wreaths of flowers forwarded by sympathizing friends. The Rev. W. G. Sadlier, of St. Paul's Church, officiated at the grave. The mortuary arrangements were carried out by Mr. T. Sayer, of Bridge-street. NEW INSOLVENTS. — Andrew Steel, Lilac- street, Bendigo, miner. Liabilities, £60 12s 8d; assets, £6 5s: deficiency, £54 -7s 8d. Causes of insolvency—Sickness in family and expenses consequent thereon, losses through bad debts, and pressure of creditors. Assignee, Mr. J. Hasker; attorneys, Messrs. Crabbe, Cohen and Kirby. Robert Storey, of Grassy Flat, engine- driver, Liabilities, £89 15s 2d; assets, £1 10s; deficiency, £88 5s 2d. Causes of insolvency— Want of remunerative employment; expenses caused through sickness of insolvent, his wife and family; and pressure of creditors. As- signee, Mr. John Hasker; attorneys, Messrs. Kennedy and Woodward. Godfrey Baldwin Rigbye, of Eaglehawk, miner, Liabilities, £56 14s 7d; assets, nil; deficiency, £56 14s 7d. Causes of insolvency—Losses through tributing at the South St. Mungo Gold Mining Company. Assignee, Mr. J. Hasker; attorneys, Messrs. Macoboy and Jones. Mark Lake, of Kerang, blacksmith and farmer. Liabilities, £1,004 6s; assets, £800; deficiency, £204 6s. Mr. C. J. Buscombe, assignee. DEATH AT SYDNEY FLAT.— Our local corres- pondent writes :— The many friends of Mr. W. Hartley, licensee of the Old House at Home hotel, will regret to hear of his death, which took place at 12 o'clock on Monday. The de- ceased gentleman, who leaves a widow and grown up family to mourn their loss, has been ailing for some time from a severe cold on the lungs. The funeral, which took place on Tues- day, was largely attended by people from the district and from Bendigo and Sebastian, where Mr. Hartley was well-known and highly re- spected, having for mauy years been manager of the Frederick the Great mine. MUSHROOMS.— This toothsome edible appears to be very plentiful this season, and already is being sold at the cheap rate of 3d per lb. retail in the city. Visitors from the northern plains state that the crop of mushrooms this year is abnor- mally large. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE ASYLUM.— The popular cantata "Little Glory's Mission" was rendered by the St. Paul's Sunday School children and members of the choir in the large dining hall at the Benevolent Asylum last evening. The piece was very successfully rendered, and the inmates of the institution were delighted with the entertainment. The Rev. W. O. Sadlier read the connective read- ings. Miss Lievesley officiated at the har- monium; and Mr. Tinkler ably discharged the duties of conductor. At the close of the per- formance a hearty vote of thanks to all who had taken part in the entertainment was, carried unanimously with applause on the motion of the superintendent ( Mr. J. S. McIlroy), and the Rev. Mr. Sadlier suitably acknowledged the compliment. The proceedings closed with the singing of "The National Anthem." A BENDIGONIAN'S SUCCESS.— Miss Florence Hansen Knarhoi has been successful in securing the first prize for violin playing in connection with a competition held last Monday at the Ex- hibition Building, Melbourne. There were a great many competitors. MAORI PICTURE, SONG AND STORY.— The programme of a decidedly novel and attractive entertainment, to be given in the Masonic Hall on Monday evening next, by Rawei and Hinie Taimoa, appears in another column, and the many varied and interesting items it contains will hardly fail to arrest public attention. The New Zealand natives are unquestionably one of the most intelligent and interesting of savage races and the chance of hearing some of their peculiar habits, strange customs, remarkable traditions and super- stitions, eloquently described by one in whose veins flows the same blood, and who moreover, has proved himself a gifted and ac- complished speaker, will prove irresistible to many, more especially as the narrative will be illustrated and enlivened by beautiful native ballads and laughter provoking anecdotes of the country and people, and when we add that a magnificent set of specially prepared limelight views of she (sic) famous pink and white terraces, the hot water basins, boiling mud lakes, steam geysers, burning craters and many others allowing Maori life and scenery in all its humorous, pathetic and tragic phases, are in- cluded in the programme, it will be seen that a novel and special treat is in store for those who attend. The New Zealand and Tasmanian press speaks in tho most glowing terms of this unique and instructive entertainment. THE SPEIGHT "AGE" LIBEL CASE.— The second trial of the libel action Speight v. Syme will begin in the Supreme Court on Monday, before his Honor Sir Hartley Williams and a special jury of 12. Mr. Duffy and Mr. Cold- ham will again appear for the plaintiff, and Mr. Purves, Q C., and Mr. Deakin for the defen- dant. A FEDERAL MILITARY COMMANDANT.— Major-General Tulloch has conducted his last Easter encampment in Victoria, as his term of office as commandant expires at the end of the year. His original agreement with the Govern- ment will end next September, but it has been extended by the Imperial War Office to the 31st December. In accordance with the usual prac- tice (says the Age) Major-General Tulloch will leave the colony in time to report himself to the Imperial authorities on the day his en- gagement expires. The appointment of a new commandant has not yet been discussed by the Defence department, and the question may possibly be complicated by the suggestion of the Minister of Defence, Mr. H. Reid, respect- ing the advisability of the Australian colonies mutually agreeing to appoint a federal military commandant. FATAL RESULS OF AN ACCIDENT. — The Herald states that yesterday Mr. McColl, Minister of Mines, received information of the death of his brother-in-law, Mr. Maplestone, the stationmaster at Mooroopna, who received terrible injuries in an accident on Wednesday. Mr. Maplestone was crushed between a truck and the platform and eight of his ribs smashed. A SPIRITUOUS CARGO.— Whisky importation is very much in evidence at present, judging by the quantity of that spirit which arrived in Melbourne on Wednesday. Just 22,194 gallons of whisky passed though the Customs in one day from one ship. The Age states that it is the largest consignment carried in one vessel that has arrived since the increased duties and will add to Customs receipts by about £18,000. The Gulf of Ancud, which had the honor of conveying this highly dutiable cargo, brings also 240 cases, 310 casks and 25 hhds. of beer which, with a few lines of gin and wine, com- plete a very spirituous cargo. THE PANTOMINE.— Another brilliant audience at the Princess Theatre last night signified their appreciation of the merits of the produc- tion. The artists are each and every one com- petent to the highest degree in the characters allotted to them. Miss Lucy Fraser as Sinbad, is perfect in every way, her vivacious ways and her beautiful singing, causing rapturous ap- plause. Splendid assistance is given her by Miss Amy St. John, who, as the King of the Fairies, is all that fancy could paint her, while Miss Amy Johns as the Princess, is the "beau ideal" of the fairy palaces, lucky enough to kill giants, for such a pretty one. Such a popular favorite as Mr. Martyn Hagan as Captain Taph Raal, with his excellent humor, merry ways, and his rendition of comic and topical solids seems to hold the people at his very finger ends, for his every entrance the signal for out- bursts of loud applause. Little Jack Horner, the hero of the plums taken out of the pie in the corner, so ably personified by Mr. John Wallace (upon whom the brunt of the work falls in his position of stage manager) is a tower of strength towards the success of the produc- tion. He is ably assisted by Mr. John Edwards, whose tenor voice is heard to great advantage in the concerted music. One of the gems of the evening is Mr. Wilkinson's clever character sketch, of the Emperor Jumbuckfoo and his farcical song, "Hamlet's Ghost as told by his Wife," fairly "brought down the house." This evening the pantomine will be repeated, and it being the fashionable night a considerable portion of the dress circle has already been reserved. Special arrangements have been made for to- morrow afternoon's matinee, which commences at 2 o'clock, the doors being opened at 1. Children will be admitted half-price to all parts of the house, and we have been desired to state that the complete show as given at night will be presented and special features added for the children. The box-plan for dress circle and reserved stalls is now on view at Evans and Crooks', and those who intend visiting this really excellent pantomime are advised to secure their seats early. MIXED BATHING.— The Sydney correspondent of the Argus writes : — On Wednesday night, tha Legislative Council again got on to the con- genial topic of mixed bathing, which was raised in the Bathing Bill lately before them. The measure was recommitted, and the whole ques- tion of whether bathers ought to be compelled to wear a costume extending from neck to knee was again fought out. Despite all that could be stated by the more liberal minded legislators as to the absolute decency which prevailed at Continental and American bathing places, very strong objection was forthcoming to any pro- posal which might permit women to view men but lightly clad in bathing dress. However, the result of the debate was that those who pleaded against the neck-to-knee restriction were found to be in the majority, and the clause was amended so as to require that bathers should wear decent and suitable bathing dress, thus leaving to human vanity the right to de- cide what costume ought to be effected. THE PUBLIC HEALTH.— The returns received by the Health department last week report 103 cases of typhoid for that period, of which 10 proved fatal. This is a decrease as compared with the preceding week, when there were 157 cases and 17 deaths but it appears that the re- turn is not complete, several medical men having, on account of the Easter holidays, post- poned sending in their returns. Notwithstand- ing this fact (says the Argus), the figures are considerably in excess of those for the corres- ponding period of last year, when 65 cases were reported, of which five proved fatal. The metropoliton area was responsible for 47 out of the 103 cases, and three deaths out of the 10. The number of cases of diphtheria for the whole colony last week was 32, with six deaths, as against 14 cases with no deaths last year. THE EXPORT BUTTER TRADE.— The Austra- lian factory made butter forwarded to London by the R. M.S. Himalaya, which left Mel- bourne 10th February, is selling at from 103s to 105s per cwt. THE MINISTRY AND THE UNEMPLOYED.— The Age writes:— The Premier, when asked if the Government propose to take measures to relieve the distress amongst the unemployed, replied that each member of the Cabinet is doing his best with the means at his command to minimise the distress and suffering by em- ploying men on necessary works. " It is a painful experience to every member of the Government," observed Mr. Patterson, "to have to listen daily to the appeals of unemployed men without being able to find work for them all. Nothing would please Ministers better than to see very man contented and happy in the possession of honest work, but there is no royal road to that prosperity which is the only means of providing work for every man who desires it. We have done, and are doing, as much to meet this difficulty as Parliament could do with the limited means at our command. One thing is certain, there will be no soup kitchens or relief works provided. They would only aggravate the difficulty by attracting more unemployed men to the metropolis." AN INNOVATION.— The New Zealand cor- respondent of the Argus writes:— "I don't know whether the news has already reached your lady readers, but the other day a 'knicker- bocker wedding' was held in Christchurch, at which the bride and three other ladies attending the ceremony were all attired in 'tasteful knicker costumes.' I was not present myself, and must therefore rely on the descrip- tion of a lady correspondent of a contemporary for the details. The style, we are told, was with one exception alike throughout, namely, knickers not too full, long vest, and slightly longer coat, with revers worn open.' The bride wore stone blue bengaline coat and knickers, cream gold embroidered vest, a wreath of natural flowers, and bridal veil draped prettily, but not covering the face as usual. Her sister wore a suit of lemon morvilleux satin, the close-fitting tunic being trimmed with rich lace and edged with a ruching of itself, the general effect being some what suggestive of a Russian skating dress. Another dress which seems to have excited much admiration among the initiated was similar to the bride's, but of gold-brown cashmere, the vest trimmed with broad silk embroidery, and the edges of the coat finished with gold cord. The bride, I may mention, was Miss Kate Walker, a teacher under the North Canterbury Board of Education, and the bridegroom Mr. J. R. Wilkinson, M.A., librarian of Canterbury College. Both have for some time been prominent supporters of the rational dress movement. The ceremony was performed in a private house, and the bride and bridegroom started off afterwards for what is described as 'a week's modified camping out.' " ANTIDOTE FOR OPIUM-POISONING. — It is scarcely possible to exaggerate the sensation caused in New York by the act of a young doctor who recently claimed before an assembly of savants in that city to have discovered an in- fallible antidote for opium, morphine and similar poisons. Despite the protests of those present, who declared that they would not sanction certain suicide, he mixed three grains of morphia in two wine glasses of water and drank them. Immediately afterwards he took four grains of permanganate of potash, similarly dissolved in water. The doctors who watched him for five hours expecting to see him die — seeing that one grain is a fatal dose — could detect no injury whatever to his con- stitution, nor any effect from the poison, and he is now alive and well. Seeing that half the deaths due to poison are said to be caused by opium and its preparations, the importance of the discovery is enormous. The young man is Dr. Moor, and he is the brother of the dis- tinguished musician of that name. The half-yearly balance of accounts at the National Bank will take place on Saturday next, and customers are requested to send in their pass books. Mrs. and Misses Hoffmann advertise that dancing and deportment is taught by them at the Masonic Hall. Adult classes are held every Thursday at 8p.m., and juvenile and ladies' class from 10 to 12 every Saturday morning. Intend- ing pupils are requested to enrol at "Stirling," Wills-street. Tho annual meeting of the Sailors' Gully Foot- ball Club will be hold at Smith's to-night at 7.30 o'clock. Messrs. Baker, Baker and Co. announce a frad show of dresses, millinery and mantles for autumn wear. 