BY THE WAT. By Mattie. \£In a church in Ireland a young priest took for his text: 'The feeding of the multitude.' But he said : ' And they fed 10 people with 10,000 loaves and fishes.' Thereat an old Irishman said : ' That's no miracle ; begorra, I could do that myeelf,' which the priest overheard. The next Sun day the priest announced the same text, but he had it right this time : ' And they fed 10,000 people on 10 loaves of bread and 10 fishes. hie waited a second and then leaned over the pulpit and said : ' And could you do that, Mr. ? ?' Mr. ? ?: replied : 'Sure, your reverence, I could.' ' And faow could you do it ?' said the priest. ' Sure, your reverence, 1 could do it with what was left from last Sunday.' Baroness Burdett Coutts, who is a very board school to hear the children reply to a clergyman's questions. The three first boys of a class were told to answer in order when asked ' What do you beileve in — God the Father, God the Son, and God' the Holy Ghost/ On forming a line the first lad was asked the question. ' God the Father,' he replied. 'Very good,' said the clergyman, and turning to the second, he said, 'What do you believe in p ' God the son,' was the reply. ' And you,' queried the clergy man to the third boy, who said, ' Nothing, sir ; the boy who wai to have beliaved in tha Holy Ghost had the stomach-ache and had to stop at home.' me tonowibg is nom a speecn at a cer tain democratic club one Sunday night re cently : ' A reverend gentleman con demned gambling, but said that if he had a little spare cash (fancy a follower of Christ having any spare cash), he would feel justi fied in spending it in the development of a mine. Yes, friends, he would spend it in speculating in mining shares, and if he heard that the bottom was falling out of the mine, he would quietly dispose of the shares to a friend, according to custom. If the churches stopped worshipping at the shrine of Mammon, and ministers left off scrambling for better screws there would be more real religion in the world,' and the audience remarked ' Hear, hear !' The young man was being entertained by the small boy while he waited for the young lady to appear. ' I say,' said the youngster, after a long list of questions, ' your mother doesn't live here, does she ?' ' No, she lives in Saginaw.' ' You haven't got any relations here, either,, hive you ?' ' None at all.' '? I said »i-,' said the boy, in a satisfied way. ' Said it to whom ?' ' To sister when she said she believed your uncle bad your watcb 'cause you never took it out to see if it was time to go.' ? 