THE NEW LODUER; OR MR TOMPKINS' FRIEND. a )is Effie, it's no use; you'll have to take anybody that comes, or give up the honee." \- erhaps rd better give it up, Sarah ?" " Do as you plerse, miss; but it's little the furniture will bring you, and therell be rent for another three quarters, and if yon have to pay for lodgings, you'll find them dear and not at all comfortable." -, ie's a very respectable old gentleman, Couldn't be more s). He's lived in this house for months at a time. He gives very little trouble, and pays most regular. You needn't never see him yourself, mioo; not unless you like. Ill take his orders; he's used tome, bless you. You just make out his bills and I'll take them and get them paid. His cominn now would tide us over the time till the ladies come back." " Then Sarah, you may write and tell him he can come. You may say that Mrs Brown is dead, but the lady who is keep ing on the house has everything just the same. I jars say it was silly of me to make any difficulty." And so the matter was settled, and Efie knew that she would he able to pay her rent as before. Also, when old Mr Tomp kins took possession of his rooms he proved aharmless, quiet, pleasant old gentleman. He greeted Effie with courtesy when he met her on the stairs, and she saw him at no other time. He paid his bills with the utmeost regularsity. My landlady looks young," he re marked to Sarah. "I suppose she is old Mrs Brown's niece ?" , I don't know as she's so near a relation as that," said Sarah, stolidly. But the impression remained in Mr 'ompkins' mind that Effie was his late landlsdy's niece, and that her name was Brown. This impression was likely to be cofirmed by the fact that Effie continued t make out her accounts on the same printed forms that the late Mrs Brown had r Brown had been a grocer, and had, Ehortly before his decease, procured a new stk of bill-heads. on which to send out his aeoonts tohis customers. When his ridow took up the lodging house business she made use of these bill-heads for her saomi, only crossing out the word grcer which followed " 3. Brown." And now Ede nsed them in her turn. She had no proper right to do so, because her name was not Brown : but she disliked to put her name on these bills, so she wrote the words "successor to" over the name "H. Brown." k lodgine house bill is not usually a very formal affair, so nobody noticed the custom orinquired into its meaning. Her signa tnre, " E Bru^e," was never very legibly written, and many people read it E. rown." Of her own name she was secretly very proud, so proud that she would gladly hare dropped it in her present obscure circum stances She was a poor but solitary member of a great house, and she had been reared in luxury and refinement. The uncle who had educated her kept a large establishment, and 1 ked to have it full of company. Eflie had had pretty gowns to wear, and horses to ride, and had known what it was to be flattered and courted as the mistress of a house where hospitality was lavish and the company agreeable. Siur had known, too, all the triumphs of a pretty woman who had beautiful dresses and social advantages at her command. Her uncle's property, however, was en tail-d, and he had never saved any money. He had no children, and did not perhaps consider that Efie's claim on him could r=tend to a -provision affer his-death. Prabablyhe expected her to marry; ariB she might have done so if he had not died snddenly when she was only twenty. j'tree years had pised since then, and Edo had learned what it was to be poor and lmely. The kindness of her uncle's friends toward her had promised to hbe of a slack a?sd uncertain sort, and she thought that she p:eferred independence. She was not qnalfiei. to take a really good place as governess; buht she had a lovely voice and great taste for music. She determined, therefore, to go to the city and take pupils She took lodgings with AMrs Brown, who had been her mother's maid twenty years before, and who continued to treat her. in spite of her p=verty, with the deepest re spect. But Eflie had not prospered. She was noterperiencedin the ways of theworld, and she avoided rather than sought her old friends. Often she had a difficulty in earning enough to live. But Mrs Brown was very kind to her, and at last would have been glad to let her live in the house for nothing. Then Mrs Brown died, and it was found that she had left her furniture .o Eifie. She had spoken of it long before to her servant, Sarah. "I bought it with money I saved when I was with Mrs Bruce," she declared, " and it shall go back where it came from so lOn as I're no heir of my own to give it to. .ndthere's many a daughter wouldn't have bhen as good as she's been to me in this inaelss. My bit of avings go to you, Sarah, as I've promised, because you've helped me to make them. But the furni ture will help to keep a home for that poor young thing,and I don'tsee why the house ;shouldn't go on as before with you to ;manage it." ~he house had gone on as before, until the two maiden ladies who occupied the best zroms were ordered to the south of France for the winter, and the widow who had been t fixture for years in the dining room suite Svent away to live with a married son. Then it was that Tompkins made his applseation, and was accepted. Efkie had thought that she would not hike to ta?e gentlemen as lodgers; utbushness could nct be conducted on such principles of fastidicunessE, and just noW she was very short G0 pupils. So Mr Tsmpkins came. is coming seemed at irst to make no real difference 'o Eflie. It was about a moCth afterward that she came in very tired froL~ a long wralk. She had been givirg lessons ia the afternoon, and she had come through the dark on her way back. She eat down at the tea table in her little back sitting roose, but ate nothing. "Come. now, Miss Effie, whIt's the matter P" said Sarah, cheerily. "I csu't tell you," she said, pushing he" chair from the table and looking armound Jt was a dreary phee. She felt choked by the meanness of its dark and dingy walls. The life she lived seemed intoler able in ito proverty and loneliness. She had no £frierds in the world, nobody to speak to of her own affairs, exuept this aood.nstured servant. "Something has happened," said Sarah ; ie never seen you like this before." "It's only," Effie answered, "that I've scn a ghost." Fasther than that she would say noth At this time she had ceased to think of Hr Tompkins, leaving him entirely to the management of Sarah. He had. the week before, gone into the country on a visit. but he retained his rooms. " There's a letter for you to look at" Saoh remarked, after a while, and E~fie roused herself to open and read it. Itwas addre'sed to Miss Brown, so she knew it contained nothing of any private interest. hen., indeed, did any letter come to her that did? "It concerns you more than it does me," she said, toesing it across to the managing Sarah;"it's from Mr Tompkins. He has olered the use of his room to a friend for a few nights, and the friend will arrive to mor'ow. I snppose it will make no differuce." That ni?t Elie ha. stange dreams. Once more sh? lived in lofty rooms and wore beautiful ousiment. ~. a smiled as she entered, and wr"gn caressed as they welcomed her, She ZlQlned to sweet music and pleasant voices, she wandered through gardens rich in flowers. It was a selfish and sordid dream, perhaps, but it was like a taste of heaven after the life Phehad led, and into that dream ther., came a voice pleasanter than any of the other, and the touch of a hand that made her own tremble; there was such a thrill of emotion in the meeting that she started out of her sleep and awoke sobbing. Oh. how empty and ugly wAs the world about her! Sarah wa~ kind to her, butno one else; and what could Sarah do to help her in her heart-loneliness ? She was still but a tender yr-oxg thing, and had been used for so many years to have at least the semblance of love about her. She had been petted and praised, all her wants had been ministered to, and her favor had been courted and valued. Now sh" counted for nothing in the world where shillings were of more value than sweet looks. The world was sordid; people counted their pencies grudgingly into softyoung fingers which had been made only-as it seemed in her old life-for the tender touches of friefidahipand love. She had met a man that day who belonged to her old life. who had helped her, indeed, to spoil it, and now she rreeLted -to herself, "If J had niver seen himi'" It was not that she iaU ever loved him, but that, in the wilfulnressora happy time, she had let her intercoarse with him vex and offend the man she had really loved. , " How coulb I be so foolish " she said to herself; and then she went on to murmur, thinking of the man she had loved; " I hope he will never know or gdess what a miserable thing I am now." She fancied that he would only pity and despise her, for be had never really loved her; and it seemed to her that already she had taken the tone of her surroundings, so that all grace and beauty had left her. " I might have been so happy now," she said, and cried herself to sleep again. Mr Tomkins' friend arrived the next day, while she was oat with her pupils. She was toiling wearily upitairs on her return, when his door opened and he said " Sarah." She stood still, her hand on the banister, out she did not look rourd; it seemed as it she had been turned into stone. It anyone had been in front of her, he would have seen that her face was as whits as it could well be, and that her month wai drawn with a strong look of distress. But the lodger was below, and did not alance up; Sarah came hurrying out of the kitchen, and -hile the two talked, Effie went on upstair slowlyand softly. When she reached her own room she sat down by the bed; she was trembling all over now, and did not even attempt to take .ff her jacket. Instead of that she rang her ball, a thing she had not done for years, for abe had long learnt to do without personal attenJance. The strangeness of theincident made Sarah haston upstairs. " Who is that, Saah I" Effie asked. "Who were you talking to ?" "The new lodger-tr Tompkins' friend I man. - He came half an hoar ago." " But he is not going to stay 1" " Why. certainly, mils; you said yourself it made no difference." " I did not know, then; bat it is impos sible that he ehould stay." "I'm afraid he'll have to. He's brought his things and everything. We can't turn him out, and why bhould we ? He's never b en rude to you, mis I" " Bude to me I He would be rude to no one. But-but-if he stays, I cannot: I must go," said Efie, wildly; and she began to tie her bonnet strings again. "' Just t still, and let me get you a cup of tea. Yon don't know what yoe're saying. Yot're tired to death." "I know quite well. He is Mr Lucas; he is Paul Locas, and he has come here I" SLucia is his name, sure enough, but what difference that should make I can't see. YoU!ve taken cold," sai the good woman, with anxioul solocitude, "and got put out about something. Get your thlngs off and coma downstairs." "I cannot come down, unless it is to go out and come back no more. I might meet him if I did." "I don't ere how that would matter. He's a gentleman, an- you say yourself he'd never be rude to anyone. I didn't think you were one to have such fancies, just because he's younger than we thought." " Bat he woul. know me, Sarah." " I can't tell what yon mean, Miss Efit. Have yon met him before I" " Met him I He onught to have been-!f I hal nit b:en a fool he would {ave :~se- oh, Sarah, how can I tell you ?' and she put her head down on the coarse colored coun terpane and sobbed bitterly. "NTa, miss, if you won't tell me, how can I help you Yet, if it's as bad as this it would be best to know." "He is the man I was to-that my uncle wanted me to marry." " Ah I" said Sirae, light breaking in upon htr, "and you didn't like him." " Not like him l" said Efls, fiercely, the pent-.u' pas ion of long y.ara breaking out under this protocatlo-. "I love him with all my heart. I wish he would speak to me to-night as he once did-only once before, and then that I might die and have done with it. and forget the rest." " Good Lor? I' said the woman, shocked as well a' amtzsd. " I didn't think you were that sort." "I didn't think so myself," said Effie; "hut I am tired. tired to death, and I don't cire what I say." "Poor dear! You've had a bad time, and not wrat you've been used to," said Sarah, her sympathy returning. "But you don't mean to say that he din't like' yon !" " Re didn't like me-much," said EffiB, in self- scorn, "and I vexed him. So he went away." * Well, now he's back it'll all come right," said Sarah, cheerfully. "Tou come down and get your tea-and how would it be if you was to take his in on a tray as a sunrprise, and see what wonld come of it?" Poor Effie I The bitterness of her position was not likely to he under.tood by this rude but faittful friend. She had spoken almo't abjectly of her love for Paul Lucas. and yet she would rather dic than let him gaefs her feelings, or meet him at all in her present position. How could Sarah comprehend that P At last. however, she made it clear that she wculd not con-ent to remain in the house another moment if IMr Lucas knew that she was there; as she had nowhere else to go to, this threat was certain to make Sarah keep her secret safely. Then Sarah fought against Effi'its desire to send Mer ILucas away. There was no reason that could be given-if she tried to turn him out he would demaed to see the mistress. " Then where would you beP" she askte. "It is but a few days. You need never be on the stairs when he is in the house. ni bring your things up and down for you, and you can go oct the back way. He's not of the sort to pry into places that don't belong to him. He's too much the gentleman." So Effie agreed to do nothing desperate. Only she sat up in her cald rom wrapped in a shawl until Mr Lucas went out. Tnen she crept down to the kitchen fire and had her tea. She was afraid of being alone at all while he was so near. She felt that if left to her own thoughts she would be driven to do something strange. She might even get up and walk into the dining-room to say to him, " Won't you forgive me, Paul. I never loved any ,oe but you." What could ha7e been more drpadful thin that ? What desperate humiliation what depths of ignoble self-scorn might not be expected to follow P At least now she could, to some degree, respect herself, while she dwelt alone in her misery and he did not know it. CHAPTER II. The next day, Paul Lucas was walking alone through the park. He had but recently returned to Eng'and, and his thoughts were full ot a girl whom he had loved before he went away. " I don't thint. he was werthy of her." he said to himself, "but it was n?trral that she should like him best. He had that sort o way with hiPt, I WM lws so confoundedly cross, no wonder she hated me." He was walking briskly, for his disap pouintment had not injured his health, and he had prospered in the world sines, which made it easier to bear his trouble without despondency. He did not notica at first that he was gradually overtaking a young girl who walked slowly as if she felt tired. Something in the way she carried her self at last attracted his attention, and startled him into further observation. It was like her, certainly, the girl he had been thinking of, but where was the old easy movement, the graceful action, the springy lightness of his memories ? Poor Effie! She was tired certainly, and had a blister on her foot. In the old d-ys a walking tour on the mountains had blistered her foot once, and then she limped, hut now she was so used to blisters that she had learnt to walk tenderly with out limping. And then her boots were old; they were worn out of shape at the heel, and no woman can walk properly on crooked boots. She kept her pretty figure, and she held herself well, but her dress was very shabby; her jacket, like her boots, had worn out. of shape, and was not in the present fashion, and her bonnet looked dilapidated from exposure to the weather. What was there in this proverty-stricken, dejected girl to remind Paul Lucas of dainty Effie Bruce? Effie Bruce, with the pretty feet always cased in perfect shoes -with the lovely shape always clad in the materials that fitted and became it best with the birdlike head delicately poised and crowned with sunny hair and perfect millinery F Yet he moved a little faster, and felt his heart begin to beat. Then she turned to look at him, and he knew her face, which was thinner, sadder, but not so much altered as the rest of her. "Etie !" he cried. SOh, Mr Lucas I" There was distress, almost despair, in her tone. She was hunted down at last, and could keep her miserable -seecrt no more. But he heard only the word she had used. " ( beg your pardon," he said ; " I for got that I was not Paulany more. I ought to have said Mrs Cliff." She stood still and looked at him then, her face pale with anger or some other emotion. "No," she said, "certainly not. By no means-that" " Not that ?" he said, his voice trembling a little; "you cannotbe still-Effie Bruce '' "What else should.I be ?"-sh asked, angrily. Then she remembered her own foolish ness. and began to walk rapidly. , - "Eflie, you must speak to me. I want to understand. Why should you run away? It is no use-I shall go with you." This reminded her that by running away she would only take him where she least wanted him toseher go. She stood still and looked at him. * That would be cruel, indeed," she said. SAnd why ?" * Because I don't want to see you ever again." " You are cruel to me now." - I "No s how could I be P You don't know why. Oh. let me go away I" " I never deserved that you should treat me like this. I carnot bear to know I nothing more of you, to lose sight of you, I without understanding. You look ill; you look-" " Poor! Yea, and you are sorry for me; but you need not be. I am quite well, and I have everything I want." " I have always thought of you as happy, I and-" he paused again; he was buogling a good deal, but he was too absorbed to feel it. "Prosperous No, I have notprospered exactly, but I have all I want; and I have always been-happy, quite happy." Itwas all she could do to keep the tears out of her voice, but she was determined to say no less " How I must have vexed you, and how you must hate me," he said, mortified as well as amazed at her manner, for the old quarrel need not su'ely have made so bitter a meeting as this between them. " Tes, you vexed me terribly, and Ihave batel you ever since. Now, will you let me go P?' He let her go, and stood watching her. She took the first turning that she came to, going far out of her way to avoid further encounters; then she was so tired that she had to take a cab to carry her back toher destination. She cried herself to sleep again that night, keeping her sobs subdued that he might not hear them in the room under neath; and she said to herself many times over " He is sorry for me, he is sorry for me, but he never loved me at all. I must go away from here, or he will find out the truth. Oh, Paul, Paul! once you nearly loved me, and now I might have been your wife. f only I could see you no more, lest I should tell you all the troth." t And he thought, as he smoked his solitary cigar, " I wonder why I wasn't to know where she lived. It can never be that the rascal jilted her." In the darkness of the night Efie awoke; I there was a sound of voices in her ears'and I a suffocating sensation in her throat. In a moment she understood the meaning of it, for the room was full of smoke. Some one was knocking at her door, also, and calling to her, and she knew that it was Paul Lucas. " It's all right, sir," she heard Sarah's voice say; "I'll wake her and bring her down." " There's no time to lose, the flames may catch the staircase directly, just under neath," and he struck at the door again. " If you'll go down, sir, and be trying to keep it back till the engine comes, I'll see that she comes down," said Sarah, who thought she understood the reason of Efie's silence. " I can't leave your mistress to suffocate up here, woman, for she may be suffocating at this minute-or surely she would answer us." Sarah was a stranger to him, and hbr conduct seemed inexplicable. The fire, which he had discovered, had originated in a little satre-room under the staircase, where a small supply of oil was kept among other materials. Perhaps this woman, who seemed to manage the whole house herself, had set fire to it for her own pur poses, and bad intended that her mistress -some helpless old lady-should perish above. "To tell you tie truth, sir, I don't believe she'll ever come out, not as long as you're here. If you will bht leave her to me," said Sarah, in despair. "Leave her to yon; I( she doesn't answer at once I will break the door down It in't a time f >r manners and ceremony." Eillie had been dressing herself quickly and quietly. Her hands were trembling and her heart was beating. She did not want to answer Paul; she did not want to open the door and meet him. But now she must do something. The smoke had made her throat sore; perhaps her voice would be hoarse and he would not recognise it. " I hear you," she answered. " I will be reedy in a moment. You can go down." Paul s'ood se if thunderstruck. He turned to Sarah and stared at her. "Who is in that room?" he said. " Miss Broce ? " "Who else?" said Sarah. "She'll never forgive me. I told you to go away. " And you want me to leave her there Go down and save yourself. The staircase has burnt into flame; you can't pass in an other moment. No time for delay." He thrust Sarah towards the stairs with one hand, and then, turning to the door before him, he struck it heavily with his fits; his intention was evident now; he was prepared to break it open. " Wait!" said Effi ; "I will unlock it." He heaid the key trn ; he grasped the handle, and then she stood before him. She had dressed rapidly, and at'the last oecont had drawno oan old blue dressing I Bown hier siar w»o Bbat h e |bw1ndws1 her eyes bright with terrror and excit- ment. She looked as far removed from the helpless old lady he had come to save as sha well could do. "Ef e I' he said. "Paul I" she answered, then covered her face with her hands. He thought he heard the staircase crackle behind him, and he waited for no more words; he took her up into his arms and carried her down. The boards were hot under his feet; and at one place the fl me seemed to snatch at him as he passed, but he held the folds of her blue flannel gown close about her, and she at least was unhurt. The engines were arriving in front of the house as he reached the ground floor; the flames, which were lick ing the stail case half way up. had not yet spread downward, and Efis's little sitting-room was still safe. Sarah was waiting at the door of it, and thither he carried Efte. She had not stirred once since he had taken her into his arms, and she had turned her face away from his to his shoulder. "Now," he said, speaking to Sarah, "there is the old lady to think of-your mistress, Miss Brown." " I am Miss Brown," said Efie. Sarah had turned and fled; she had the house to consider; these young people could settle the rest themselves. The firemen had already taken posspssiou of the'place; a landing window had been thrown open, and the engineswere playing upon the fire; it seemed likely that they would soon be able to extinguish it; but Sarah must see that her mistress's good: were damaged as little as possible. Paul made one run into the hall to see what wa; the position of affairs; then he hurried back to the sitting-room and shut the door. "El-," he said what are you doing here P" "I live here," she replied. Her bright and beautiful hair fell over her shoulders i she was glad to have it as a screen to her face; the delicate lace at her wrists-for the old dressing-grown we: a remnant of happier days-half covered the hands that she clasped togethoe She had sat down, with her head drooping; she was shy and felt ashamed, but bsh looked more like her old self thau she had done for years-more like the pretty, spoilt child of the past. Sarah had lighted a kitehen candle and put it on the table. It was berning there now. "In the same house with me," said Paul, "And I did not know." "I did not want you to know." He felt that he ought to go then. that there was no reason at all to stay; but there was something in her shy and shrinking attitade shat gave him casrage. And, In ?act, the embarrassment of her present cazn dition had for the moment put other embar rassments out of her mini. hes wondered whether he had observed that the had thrbst her bare feet into her worn slppers. He bad observed nothing of the sort. bat he felt that the girl before him was not the girl he had met in the park, angry and cold. He could .ot lose his opportunlty. He put his hands an the tightly clasped fingers under their frige of lace. " fie," he said, "will you tell me why you did not marry him 1" "I never thought of such a thing," said ffie, pntting more of her shoulder between herself and her fa:e. He did not find the action diacoiraging. "Then you used him only as a means of getting rid of me!" She was silent but she took her hands from under his and hid them in her sleeves. He felt that the battle most be fought and won now, or lost altogether. " Because you hated me so much," he went on, withdrawing a little in response to her own movement. "I did not hate you." "At any rate, you do now." She was silent again for a moment; then she said "I don't know why you should siy so" "Because you like me to be miserable." She meditated a little and clasped her lands together again, drooping, her head M"ora. "I don't know why you should be mlser. able." '* Because you don't love me." She trembled and turned away from him altnesther. "You never loved me at all," she replied. Some instinct told him that that turning iway was the last act of resistance before surrender if he dare ta take advantage of it. He pot his arms about her and drew her hack to him. "I love yan now, at any rate. And I have ovre you all the time." 1It is because I am so poor and you are orry for me," E~e whispered ; but her lips were near enough for him to feel their .ovement like a caress, SI have no iuea how poor yon are; and I -m not sorry for you in the least. It is my self that I am sorry for." " Now ?' she said under her breath. "Well, not now--xcept that darah is turning the handle to say that the fire Io ont." "Law, miss." said that good womn, open Ing the door, " there's been a deal of damage done, but not as much as might have been expected, and we mast just make the best of it. Mrs Jones, next door, has sent in to say that you could sleep there, if yon like, everything b ing so upset." Effie slept next door, leaving the trouble of putting everything to rights to Sarah and Mr Lucas, who showed himsElt downiight obliging on this occasion, and, as Sarah said, 'everything that a gentleman should be." When, a few weeks after, Miss Bruce re turned to her old sphere of life as Mrs Panl Lucas, everybody wondered where in the world she had hidden herself meanwhile. But they had not been very particular in their inquiries about her when she was lost to them, and so they felt it due to them. 'lree not to be too exact in their questions after her restoration to their field of vision, Wherever she had bhen, she had acquired a ignity and distance of manner tha; had no; been hers before. Mina Brown's old bonse was kept on for years afterward by MIls 8. Garner, whos Christian name was, as a few people re sembered, Sarah. The hooss had a creat deal of new and good fmrnitare put into it by a Mr Lucts, who happened to be staying there at the time of a disastrous fire So the neighbors understood. But what became of Mrs Brown's niece those neighbors never knew. Sime people said her name had not ireally been Brown, bat Branch or Brace, or perhaps Brough. These, however, were vague traditions which were never properly elucidated. She went away, and that part of the city saw her no more. Probibly M!st 8. Garner could have given ber friends further information, but she never did, 