A TELEPATHIC INCIDENT. Mns. DoasKIo had one lodger, He had a room in the house when she rented it six years bleforc, and as he was a quiect manll, and paid his rent regularly, she permitted him to ste.y. In time she and her IIhusband lookid upon him almost as a friend, and the children wtre really lhnd of him. Early i thie tspring hie went to Ohio to visit somine friends. lI, left the key wa ith i,. 1)orklibg, and caisi ho would retiurni a0 some timo witlhin a month. A couple of welq:s trussed, and one evening Mirs. Dorking was in the sitting-room, at the end of the front hall, rochlig iher youngest child ti sleep, whleu llto heard some onio fumbling a: thle front door. Laying the sleeping child on a bed in tihe room adjoining, she hurried oat and met her lodger in theim hall. " Oh I Mr. Prince," ott exclaimed, both surpriscintd and plcased at seeing him, " so you've got back. Did you have a pleasant visit ?" " YeA, lut I'm very tired," hlie said, in an indistinct voice, and began to mount the stairs. " Waitt til 1 get your beys," said the lady; "it I lad exp'eted you I1 wouhld have hadit your room ready for yoU." Shie went back to hier own room, found the kleys,'aid followed him up stairs, where shie confronted his closed door. She knocked, but received no answer, and, turning the handle, shue saw the door was locked-and slue could distinctly hear the lodger moving about on the inside. Somewhat chagrined with hier re coptiou, and withi vague wonder it lie conduct, she returned to hIer own rooms, and wlhen hier husband came in she related bier story to him. "I suppose the man was tired and didn't want to be pestered," remarked Mr. Dorking coolly. "But how did he get into the house, and into that room? lie gave me ohis keys because hlie said hlie would be sure Sto lose them-ose for the front door and one for his own room." "He evidently didn't tell tlhe truth," said hier husband. "But hc-well, well, I'll askli him myself in the morning. Hlear him turning things over. Something must have happened to disturb him. He is not a drinling man, or I should think-" After brelakfast the next morning Mrs. Dortkiig rapped on the lodger's door. There wasn no answer. Not hearing anything of him, she applied the key and opened the door. Nothing had icrn diatumbed in the room. His bed hald not been slept in. The yellow satchel lie had brought with him the niighti before wans not there. In fact, tihere wos nothing Isto show that he had returned or that anyone had entered tihe room since ie left. Mrs. Dorking said just one word as she stood and wrote her name in the dust on the talle: " Queer I" She declared afterwards tlhant os felt quite faint, as if she had soon :L ghost. She reloclked tihe room nuid went back to hier own apartments. Nothing more was seen of Mr. Prince for a week-- thlen one night the front door bell rang vigorously. M[rs. Dorking horself answered it. There on the threshold stood Mr. Prince, beaming. Mrs. Dorling was decidedly cool. "Why didn't you lot yourself in with your own key ." she inquired, curtly. " My dear madam, how could I when you have it in your possession?" he replied, with a look of surprise. "That didn't prevent you from coming in the other night without ringing. You hlave another key." " I do not understand you," he said, putting his satchell on the hatrack and wiping the dust from it with his handkerchief. " Didn't you come home one night last week and let yourself in, Mr. Prince ." "I have not, been in the city since I left, three weeks ago. "But I saw you, and spoke with you, just as I see and speak with you now." "You must have beeoon dreaming, Mrs. Dorking." "And did you come home in a dream ?" she askled, sarcastically. Ho took his eatchel and went up stairs just as she had seen him before. She stared after him, expecting to see him open the door, but he turned and asked her for his hey, with which he unloeloked his door before entering. As this is a true story it ends here. Nothing has happened to Mr. Prince, nor has any calamity bifallen the family, and they all believe in his truth and integrity as they did before his immaterial visit. But he gave them a rational interpretation of what seemed a very strange happening. " ,ust at the exact time that you tell me this occurred, when you saw me or my ghost, I laid down on a sofi in my brother's parlour, in Columbus, 0., arid fell asleep. I did not dream, or if I did, lhad no rumem branco of it wheu I awakened. But there was this curious thing about it. I slept several hours, the family hayv ing gone to an entertainment which I did not care to see, and when I awakened, I was so tired I could hardly move. I felt as if I had been doing a hard day's workli, and at once anticipated an illness." "How do you account for it?" asked Mrs. Dorkinig, in a suppressed voice. " Oh," said lMr. Prince, with cvi. dent sincerity. " 1 suppose my astral body was off on stfme scheme evolved from my mental condition. I had been wishing myself back in my own room, and*it took advantage of the wish." " What is the astral body ?" asked Mr. Dorking. No one las yet answered that question. 