GRAVE AND GAY, Little Girl--' You bad cat, where's my bird P" Oat-" Oh, he's just gone inside." Eroeesd.-31th'r-" Good graclous I How did you pge so muddy P" Small Soa \-- uounin' home to see if there was any thing you wanted me to do." Johnny-" Mamma, my toes are not as hard as leather, are they ?" Mamma "N?,Johnny." Johnny-"Then. mamma., how do they wear themselves through my hoose I" " Pa, is generals brave menP" asked Jaohny of hie father. '" Yee, my son, a a rule," was the answer. " Then why does artiste always make pictures of 'em stand ing on a hill three miles away, looking at the battle through an opera-glaess P' Philosopher-" It is a little singular that nearly all these Anarchists are men of some education. Not one is really igoorant. All went to school." Small Bloy-" I guees mebba they learned to make bombas o's to throw them at the meno wot wrote the 'eithmetice." "Joe," said she,r reading. "this paper rays that out in Oregon they have junt discovered foot-prints three feet long, supp posed o belong to a loet race." "I don't nee how a race of people that made foot printa three feet long could ever got lost," he replied. Uncle Joshua-" These city people have mighty polite manners, Mnria." His wife -"How so?' "Just let a couple of follers have my watch that they offered to go and get regulated free gratis. They're to bring it back to me at the hotel," "Is that a new rug your mamma hal, Bobby o" naked MIre Von Blumer of the youthful Binge. "No," said Bobby; "that'e one she brought in from the other room. But you muetn't take it nup." "Why not?" "'Cause there's a hole in the carpet." Dog Fancier--" Yes, mdam, I have all minds of doge here. Is there any paretielar breed you wish P" Old lady (who reads the papeer)-" Oh, anything that's fashion able. Leo me see an ocean greyhound." "I've quit asking people if my bonnet is on straight" "Why, my dear P" asked her husbaud. "I lore you too much, John, to disgrace you by calling any body's attention to an old bonnet like this." Flltterly (to wife who has just returned from meeting of sowing circle)--'Well, did you find anything totalkabout P" Mrs Flitterly-" Lota ! Not half the members were there." "I want to see the head of the house," raid a pedlar to Mre Darley, who had answered the ring. "I am sorry," she replied, as she gentlyclomed the door, "but baby is asleep just now." "Awfelly sorry l'm so late dear. Been detalned on bsalsrar w;th Teddy Newcombe all the erunisf" said the husband. "Yese, darling. Mr Newcomho has been waiting h, r oor you since nine o'clock," replird his wife. ' Doctor llmde bha sued us for libel," said the editor. '"What fort" asked hia nsietaner. "I wrote 'The doctor toot the atilen,'s pulse befotre be prescribed for him,' nod the intelligent compositor set it up Sturee..',, "Jrbson made qiIts a hit when he made bgl first appearance on the stages" "Whaet was hsla partlt" "Te ghost In HIamlet. He a'pearsd fie minutes ahead of time, and the efect of H?mlet was very fine." Drggist--' Yes, madam, I remember very well your buying a stamp." Lady " Well, t put it on a very important letter and posted it. It has not been received. I want you to understornd that I shall buy my stamps elsewhere if this ocoure again." Dcc:ore-" Hare you followed my advice in regard to eating plain food and keeping quiet at home P" Patient-" That's all I've been able to do since you sent in your bilL" 