A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER XIX;^-(Ck-imNCEDO At the same moment lie sprang to his feet:.' In the name pf all good; fortune — Miss Vane ! Ah, . I always knew we should 'meet again some-' where and somehow — -but fancy it's being here !' It did seem, ominous, indeed, that she should have met this same ' stranger twice at such different and such distant places within so short a while. Of course, as even the dullest, only the least bit more behind the scenes than she, has, already perceived, nothing was more^ttatural than that^ on the banks of t^ejAske, one candi date for Marchgrave should meet the daughter of the fjjbher. Such a meeting was almost bound to happen in the ordinary course of things. But to her it was as if thunder were about to threaten through the air. There' could be no purpose in what was so ob viously a chance meeting; but there must be destiny; and upon her father's plans for living or for escaping, how would sp unlooked for an accident bear? -. But her father's faith in her hence forth demanded invariable presence of mind^ and it had been part of her promise never to feel surprised at any thing that might happen or at anyone wnom she might see. Everything might depend upon how she received this man ; and she was henceforth an adventuress by fact and profession, instead of a sham one by way of tem porary disguise. Had not the mantle of Cynthia fallen upon her, had not a hunted 'man said, ' I put myself in your hands ? ' ' ' ? '&'. So she looked up from, her sketch to the full as composed ;as he — as differ ent from the bewildered creature he had met in London as a tame fawn from a wild. ' Yes,' she said, with a smile — nor could Cynthia herself have found a better among her professional proper ties — ' it is a very, very narrow world. I am glad to be able to thank you for your kindness in London ; and to be in your debt no more.' ' Oh, never mind that Do you take me for a dun ? I'm much more like to be a dunned. So you live — here ? And your cousin — is she here, too? . . . Fm hanged,' he thought, 'if she isn't just a commonplace country parson's daughter after alL' ' Oh no. I'm only here for a time \- — making a few studies. It is a great thing to find new ground in these days. I suppose Askholm will be found out in time, like everywhere else j and then it will be spoiled. I'm doing what I can with it before it gets as vulgar and common as — as— Switzer- land or 'Wales. Many people would call it ugly 5 b|rfc5i Iif; nas'% great charm.' ? --? 4 .* yc ? ??*-£ She was astonisMea at ner own fluency — the more* especially as hex lips were trembling and her tongue stumbled all the while. Never in her life had she spoken bo many weirds all at one time. 'Ah— you are a painter, then?' asked he, brightening to find that she was something more or less adven turous and unconventional after all. ' I daub a little myself—enough to make me interested. May I see ? By Jove!' Before her first {§£t£tfi&e; : conscious impostor flushed to the hair. ; ' You are & pamper, Miss Vane I And whatfs more, you're the only person I ever came across that under stands what I'm always preaching — that there is nothing really beautiful but the ugly. The business of the painter isn't to copy what everybody ean see is beautiful, because he can't. If s to see the beauty of ugliness, and make everybody else see it besides. And what I preach, you do. You would simply make your fortune as a portrait painter, Miss Vane. That is a splendid study. It is a poem. You make twa gee everything round us with new eyes.' ' His paradox was beyond her j but he seemed in earnest, and she could not help feeling pleased. One cannot love one's work ?without loving its praise. So she flushed still more, and the first im pression of danger began to fade. ' But what an ass I am 3 ' he ex claimed suddenly. ' 1 forgot all this .time that you had some connection with Marchgrave. Of course you'd be here.' 'With Marchgrave?' ehe asked, beginning to flutter ggflin. 't Ah, you don't remember what I told you of myself. Bat never mind. And ; Pin not going to remember .. j-olitic6. either, for a good five minutes to come. Don't let me interfere with^ your work j Til do the talking for two. And, talking of art, you can prove the beauty of ugliness j and I've been picking up an extraor dinary fellow with a real genius for demonstrating the ugliness of beauty. I've brought him down to Marchgrave for purposes of my own— everything's fair, y oil know, in love,, wax, and elec tions^ and when you come to see your friends when the great fight comes off, I must esMbit my genius to you. fm a collector of ?, hunian oddities, you know— a connbisBenr ^ ^ad any v last new specimen is jTiBt--prinie. HeiB a genius, M|ss Vanejfaijji guess where I picked Mm up ; . in the street, carica turing a-wholeian^f ^bmen, giving each of item three' jnmntes. .He's a carieairare^ himself— as jblemn ..^as a . ghouL But I'm''rftelitiiag a losing battle, you know, ami nWe got to nit ?hard; and my; ghoul is going to eet 'Marchgrave by the eaia in a way ^that -— f^ieJl, ;youTl:^eft,.r^ afraid my '} genius is rather a bad lot ; I shouldn't wonder if he^i^i &© iniade t-£ a good^nany gaols. ; And lie's half an idiot besides—but that, as he's a genius, o^eourse goes . -vrathout Baying — una'ers^d me, I \auBan in a maiu; 'When a woman lias genius it means 1 she's a long tray above the rest pf her ! sex j. when a man, it means that he's ! a long way 'below.' The blunder, and its instant correc tion by a paradox invented on the spur of the moment, passed equally unob served. He spoke as if they were in the neighborhood of Marchgrave — a ! chance to more than trouble her. ' How far is Marchgrave ?' she asked, suddenly. ' Why- — don't you know ? Look up the river — no ; up, not down. Do you aee a faint blur of smoke T^ngi-rig round the ghost of a gray tower ?' ? She put on her glasses, and followed his finger with her eyes. « I thiiVk I see it — yes j I do see it. Well?' ? ' That is Majehgrave.' Alas I -~WnsHf: could this, mean? MaichgraveV that -was Ifo have been; her home ; Marchgrave, whence sne had been striving to fly ; there it lay in sight, and thither destiny had been drawing her even by means of her flying. Could it be that, striving to put more than a whole world between them, only a few miles, over which the eye could travel, lay between her and Guy? And if it had been Guy instead of this stranger, who had come a-fishing by the Aske? The whole charm faded from the scene. He also might come this way without the help of accident ;- or ne alight hear of ier through Borland, and identify her. This at any rate i»ust not be left to chance, -whatever else might be. ' You once did me a great favor,' said she. ' Will you do me one more ?' ' Surely — and more than one.' ' I am here to be alone with my work. I want no interruption — especially from my friends, -i May I trust you to keep my secret- — not to mention me to anybody, especially in Marchgrave?' ' I see. You are the one girl in the ten thousand who really loves her art for itself, and not for the sake of having it seen that she loves it. By all the gods2 — ay, and the fishes I have not been catching — I have found the woman who is not a sham. I will respect your secret, Miss Vane, as I respect you ; I will be prouder of sharing it than of being member for Marchgrave ; nay, than of being the beaten candidate, of which I shall be prouder still.' ' And my debt ? ' ' Will you pay it me in my own way ? Will you finish this sketch for me, and so wipe out the score with in terest besides? All right $ we shall meet again. I must be off ; I've got to give John Heron a public wigging to-night, and I must catch my train. I came here to get up my speech ; but I've done better, and shan't speak a penny the worse, I dare say. Au revoir.' He was._'of£ before she could get in another word. '.'..' . '-'' *???*- :* .?.*''; Dr. Snell, -watched by his wife, tapped at the door of the cottage. She saw him enter. And must she stand watching, and watching, and doing nothing but watch a doorway till he emerged ? If she kept her veil well over her face, and gathered her cloak well about her, so as to alter her figure, she could, at any rate, come close to the house without fear of recognition through the window. She^ moved for ward, in pursuance of an indefinite desire formotte active vigilance, until; she reached the door. And. must she stay here? What good, what discovery, what vengeance, could come of her standing idle outside a door ? . Ah i. but a door has something more than an outside. What if she were to enter and surprise the guilty pair ? It was an inspiration, to such, a point was she wrought up by her jealous rage. Her tongue should annihilate the wretch where she.stood ; and she would have her husband so completely thenceforth at her mercy that he should never stray again beyond the tether of her apron-string from that time for ever. It was a bold but congenial stroke ; and her hand was on the door. She tried it before knocking, and it opened as readily as country doors will. She found herself in a narrow flagged passage, leading straight into the orchard at the hack, with a door on either side. She listened at both, but heard nothing. She opened one gently ; and found herself, by step ping a little to the left as she entered, behind a high easel bearing a canvas . so large as to conceal the upper part of her person from any occupants of the room, while a box seat and a sHiall draped table covered her skirts and her toes from view. She instinc tively took up this covert ; for the in stincts of the eavesdropper were strongly developed in Mrs. Snell, and. the experience as welL Besides, it would be BO much, more effective, a stroke to observe first, and' then, at some critical moment, to start from behind the easel and appear. There were two voices in the room. And the first was Wyndiiam Snell's. 'Thatfs all very -wall. . But tjon't you find the- -neighbors troublesome and inquisitive ?' he asked j and the question made Mrs. Snell's blood boiL 'Believe me, I know what these soli tudes are ; delightfully romantic, ;aid .all that, of course 5 - but terribly dan- -. gerouB j and the xnore dangerdns^ihe \ *iii ieaL^ «chen3acaL|,icon|.bination with; ; real q safety, rjgiye ihhSK a ^g_ ib^ra.-^ - London for chpicw^ You c^ feee a single drop of -water jm. a thimble, but ; not in 'the sea.' . '?'; 7 ?'?'.'.'.-.: !-. '?''? v' L' -; '? . ?' i , « Yes. - Thaife just \\-wfcBt ^ the: fcols say.*1 y~:'';]l'L :'?'.*'.. . ,~*Z ... : -. .. ? ;': \\. .Mrs. SnellBtari^at^ed^p tones; ' that were assuredly not Marion's; The Voice -iiiiJia-fiii^iliMr'-^mt^l^-^ly/.itnia: 'familiar j '^^'^Sl^J^^^^i^Bio^^^i] ?of diBapporntment ifco fijitl ''' *hat ?lil$Ki husband was in nothing worse than the worst of masculine company. What should have rejoiced her, -well- nigh made her more angry stall. It is disheartening for Juno to arm her-, self with all her terrors against some rival nymph or goddess, and to .find that she has taken all her trouble in vain. ?...-.-. ' Yes 5 if s what everybody says, fancying he's the first to say it ; and what's the result? All your too clever-by-half people go crowding into London, so that the veriest noodle o£ a detective has his hat over them. I grant you, a meite simpleton will go and hide himself in a desert. The thief catchers know that much; and so they argue that what a simpleton does is exactly what a clever rogue will not do. - The half -clever rogue of course plays into their hands. But the really clever rogue does Just -what the simpleton does just because the simpleton does it ; and so baffles them alL Don't you see? They'll argue like thin : Adam Furness, not being a simpleton, is still in London or abroad. Therefore, the obvious course of Adam Furness is neither to stay in London nor to go abroad, but just to act like a simpleton j that being the only thing nobody -would expect him to do. I suppose even such a clever fellow as you can see now ? And as to neighbors — so long as one fixes on a place where the parson's a bachelor without sisters, one may be what one likes and live as one pleases. A country parish is just like an omnibus. People stare at you like Gorgons when you first get in ; but you soon get accepted as a regular part of the body corporate from the beginning, to be made common cause with against the next new comer. When one gets over the first nine days people forget you haven't been among them .nine years.? , : ; ' That's not the common notion, though,' said the doctor. ' Of course it isn't. And that's -why it's so true.' Adam Furness! Mrs. Snell began to see light ; and this made her the hungrier for more. So, being long and well accustomed to such manoeuvres, ehe, without a single tell-tale rustle, contrived to peer hastily round . the easel. And there, sure enough, was her own husband in company with Marion's father; the latter leaning against the mantelpiece; the former lounging in a wicker chair that creaked at every motion he made. Taking advantage of this defect, she knelt down, so as to see whatever happened between the bottom of the canvas and the top of the box-stooL ' To come to business, then,' said the doctor. ' I've got a capital notion. You must agree with me that Fm completely thrown away on a place like Piggof s Town. I'm tihinlring of buying a first- class practice in town. There's one going in Mayfair that would suit me down to the ground. But it naturally wants money j and then I must have a good house pro perly furnished, and' start in good style.' ' You in fashionable practice ? Why, I wouldn't call you in to a cow.' 'P'r'aps not; and if you 'did, I wouldn't come. But you were glad enough to call me in when — you hurt your hand and arm. Shall I look at it again ?' ' Well ; you want black-maiL How much, this time?' « Black-niail ! What do you. take me for, Furness? I come to my banker for an.- advance — to buy a practice ; a perfectly legitimate object, offering the best possible security. Why, the Bank of England 'would jump at such a security as a practice like that — the last man was made a knight, and retired on £20,000 a year. I don't like joking about business. Say, to begin with, £50,000. That won't break you, I suppose ?' 'Oh. £60,000. Of course you mean including the £10,000 you had the other day.' 'No. That went in — speculation. If things had gone as they ought, I wouldn't be troubling you now*' 'And when this goes in — specu- lation f' ' It can't. Don't talk nonsense, Furness.' - 'If, then? But never mind answer ing. Look here, Dr. SnelL I am engaged in a speculation ; not one like ? yours, but one certain to bring in ten times as much as I can now lay my hands on. If you ara wise enough to wait, you may look, not for a poor £50,000 down, which you'll throw away, in a week, but to be a mil lionaire in a few years. But if you go on in this fashion, you'll ruin, not only me, but. yourself too.' ' A million — in. a few years.' 'Yes. Every share I hold lathe Marchgrave Dock Company I'll make over to yon.' ' . '?- 'Oh! You will?' ' .'';;. (to be contdhted.) 