CURRENT TOPICS. No news, it lias been said, is good news— » piece of. popular wisdom which is not always, true. At present reliable news from Para guay, for instance, is strangely lacking,: and this silence'- is ominous. The New Australians, in the first days of . their experiment, - kept ' the outside 'world fully informed of thoir doings, hopes, and. expectations. Later . there was . in-, formation of tho' little inevitable storiiis which wore threatening to crack the sides of Mr. : Lane's communistic tca-cup. Just now there is nothing but silence concerning the. progress of the . settlement in Paraguay. ' That is, the settlement and its promoters are silent, but from outside sources a rumor has blown oversea that tho settlement is disbanded and Lane deposed. And this rumor gains strength and con firmation from the sullen siloucc of the New Australians themselves. It can easily be understood how- unwilling the deluded followers of the banner of Lake would be to admit tho utter collapse which has been reported. That collapse, if it has occurred, has given the lie to sucil sanguine expectations and Utopian dreams abstiuately held in spite.of the teachings of experience and the lessons of history pointing a Mephistopholien finger at scores of similar dreams long since shattered into dust. Nothing would content the Paraguayan enthusiasts but a personal ex'-, pcriment; and, all things considered, it the settlement has dispersed so quietly these visionaries have como well out of their ex periment. Also, Mr. Lane may congratu late himself that his followers have been content with morely deposing him, and thut ho has not been calloil upon to pay a heavier. penalty for loading the community to catastrophe. . Every thoughtful critic ox peeted failure for the New Australia movement, but probably tlio most sceptical scarcely anticipated that doom would have ovortaken-'it so early. It is. to 'bo hoped that the members of the shattered settle ment will return to Australia.as speediiy as possible, instead of courting further disaster by remaining in remote and . barbarous Paraguay, At the meeting of the Economic. Association last night Miss Rose Scott, a member of the Womanhood . Suffrage League, fell foul of Mr. M'Miixax's views on general economic questions, and - did it tren chantly and cleverly. Let it bo said that Mr. M'Millan, as an economic authority, offers a singularly attractive mark for the shafts of an oppo nent. Thero is something of the wooden doll about this gentleman. Unwilling, we do not like to say unable, to think for him self his intellect dances to tho string pulled by the dead hands of Con- den and a host of ancient Liberals whose Liberalism is the Conservatism of to-day. He will not see that tho world has taken half a dozen gigantic strides since the Reform Bill of 1832 was fatuously supposed by smug economists to have onded popular misery and inequalities in England .forever and ever. With the complacent blindness of hiB class, Mr. M'Mili.an shuts his eyes to the present, and to him tho roaring, seething, changing world about him conveys no lessons at all. He believes that the working man of to-day in England, blessed because of free-trade, which cannot err, is better housed, fed aud clothed than was the laborer of the fifteenth centnry. And Mr. M'Millan would believe this if an angel shimmered from Heayen on a path way of suuboams and told him otherwise. It is in her appreciation of Mr. M'Millan's stick-fast mpntal attitude that Miss bcoTT scored. It is apparently his fixed convic tion that when Coudkn died the world stood still. He bolongs to a class of economio thinkers who can explain away a million paupers by a free- trade formula. This barren, sapless conservatism provoked .Miss 8cott's hap- pleslstrokes. Probably the lady'oai lack will causo Mr. M'Mim.ax to reflect upon his posi tion and inteiloctual responsibilities. He con fesses to feeling bewildered at the mtiltitudo of cries in the air where his creed teaches him thero should be only one— "Free-trado for ever !" The best we oan hope for hiin is that he will becomo more and more be wildered, for the bewilderment of the con servative politician is sometimes the begin nings of wisdom. The people of Tumworlh are taking up tho Premier's candidature in earnest. La3t evening a large public meoring was hold to ppomoto his return at the ensuing election, arid the most solid and reputable towns people attended the demonstration. The electors of' Tnmwortlt ' are pleased that Sir Geokoe Dibbs should have selected Ihetn Its his future -constituents, and at prosent, so strong is thodeeling -in favor of his can didature, it does riot 'seem probablo that any member ot the doeomposed free-trade parly will be found to oppose him. It is not only t he protectionist eleritcrit which is supporting the Premier. In Tumworth and ihcpughout the whole colony earnest and prominent men of ail shades of political opinion recognise that no safer liand could bo at tho helm ; ot:. , tlio , State ship than that which has guided it safely through so many -rcoc.it»'';,periis;;V'-.iIt .. is too much to hope that wo ; are . over all our troubles. There still remains danger ahead, and goud utivacillming government is still the prime need of tho hour. And this is guaranteed With' Sir Geoiige Dibbs in , power. ; . There is . nobody wlio could guarautee it half so surely. Sir Henry Paiikes has. ..been: 'tried and found -'WAiiting. . Mr. Reid is. an ' impossibility. Ho has not even tho rccommendution of being an unknown quantity. His value has been long determined, and it represents zero. Mr. M'Millan is fast drifting into the realm of political ghosts who, on tlto back benches of Parlia ment, represent the " might have beens" of politics. The oue capable figtu'o which towers over all others-is that of Sir George Dibbs. The electors of Tamworth are not likely, to throw away.the chance of obtain ing eo. strong a representative. 