The Mystery of the BM Swamp. ¡ BY MAJUBA, IN THE " AutTRALASiAN." TTHK close of the summer of'81 found .lohn Thurston prospering among thc Wahringa llanges in the Burnett district of Queensland ; a hatter for the time being, bis only companions his two horses and a collie dog. He had only intended remaining out six "weeks, but the countvy looked so promising that it ten.pted him to prolong his stay unti.1 his rations Avere nearly finished. Wherever he Lad tried he had got colours of gold, yet had found nothing payable. Tho ?"southerly wind " in tho ration-bags compelled him reluctantly to give up Iiis search, so one morning ho saddled Tip, and putting the lightened pack on old Banker, he started across for the head of Condarine Creek, which would lead him down to the Burnett Uiver, from which he could reach the township of Gaynford. Ho had been feeling unwell foi some clays ; that afternoon a violenl attack of fever and ague came upor him, und he could proceed no further lieaching a little flat among the hills he managed to unpack and hobble out the horses, and then east himsoll upon his blanket on thc ground, toe ill to make a more comfortable camp, For three days he lay there, scarcely moving, except when thirst com- pelled him to crawl to the water- hole. Strong doses of quinino at length drove the fever from him, andon the fourth day ho found him- self free, but very weak in body and with his head light from tho quan- tity of the powerful drug ho had taken. Ho could hear tho tinkling of the bells on his horses down the Hat, for being good campers they never strayed far if grass was plentiful. Having caught them, he packed up, and after taking some tea and a little food, he felt strong enough to con- tinue on his way. At midday the sky became overcast, and a drizzling rain set in ; ho was following down thc well-defined channel of tho Con ilarinc, or he might have had diffi- culty in continuing without tho aid of the sun. Tho creek wouud its way between granito hills, on which the tall stems of the Moreton Bay ash roso above the forest of cypress pine. Where the hills receded ho came out on to a lovel flat, and amidst tho tall gums with which it was dotted he could see the buildings of a station homestead. Many yeni's before all the country on tho üondarino and tributaries had been taken up and stocked, but being sour and unsuitable for sheep, the pioneers found their runs a poor speculation, and when wool fell and bad times came, somo of tho runs were ontiroly deserted. It was one of those deserted homesteads that Thurston was now approaching. De- solate it looked indeed under the leaden sky and drizzling rain. The main building was a house of some size, surrounded by a broad veran- dah. Its front door stood ajar, and half off its hinges, and the bark roof was broken and ragged, showing great gaps through which tho rafters wore visible. The outbuildings-not so well built-had fallen into com- plete decay, and tho old stockyard, with its crazy " gallus," was moss grown and rotten. From the front of the homestead the ground sloped gradually clown to where the creek spread into a wido swamp, on tho hanks of which bulrushes grew in places even seven feet high. The water was blade as ink-discoloured hy somo mineral in the rocks over .which its course had run. As Thurs- ton drew rein in front of tho home- stead ho gave a loud " cooee," but the only answer was a dismal echo from the empty building. A feeling of nervousness came over him-such as ho had never folt before-and had thc weather boen fino he would have gone further and camped out. But trying to shake this off he busied himself in unsaddling his horses and hobbling them ; and soon their bells were ringing merrily as they fell to work upon the sweet hei'bago round the homestead. Placing his saddles and pack under tho verandah he pushed open the front door with a fooling that he might find some unlooked-for pre- sence within; but the large living room Avas ompty save for a few articles of rough furniture. In a bedroom stood a rough wooden bed- stead ; the grass mattress lay moul- dering upon the floor, and mildewed articles of Avearing apparel hung from the walls. Great wreaths of spider's-web hung from the ceiling, and through tho dust of the floor insects crept away to hiding places in the cracks of tho wall. Other rooms in similar condition he viewed, and thon returned to the first one, shutting all the doors after him. To shako off tho depression which ho felt he set to work to make the room ho was in cheerful and habit- able. Ho soon had a good fire blaz- ing on tho hearth, removed the broken table from tho middle of the room over to ono side, and, beating tho dust from a rough couch, he formed it into a bunk with his blankets and pack-bags. Then, as night was drawing on, he prepared supper, after which ho sat in the liçht of tho lire and lighted his pipe. His recent illness rondered tobacco distasteful to him, so he put it away with a sigh. Tho night was not dark, for tho moon, though obscured by clouds, cast a dull light over the scone, and through tho door ho could see tho tall bulrushes edging the swamp swaying to and fro under tho soft breeze Though he tried to concentrate his thoughts on other things, they would revert to his lonely surroundings, and as night deepened his nervousness increased. "When a sharper gust of wind than usual made tho loose bark on the roof sway < and rustic, it would set him listening intently, fancying ho hoard footsteps in some distant part of the building. But, upbraiding himself for his foolishness, lio called ju ,the dog for company, and pre pared to turn in, first replenishing the fire. When, he was comfortably settled on the bunk his mind became easier, and he lay watching the blazing fire and the dog, who sat blinking in front of it. Watching thus, he at length fell into a doze. How long he had dozed he knew not, but he was aroused into complete wake- fulness by the sound of a door open- ing. He raised himself on his elbow to liston, thinking he must be mis- taken ; but the sound of another door opening drove all doubt from his mind, and he lay straining his ears, vainly trying to persuade him- self that the noise was caused by the rising wind. The dog, who had risen at the first sound, sniffiug uneasily, now crept beneath the bunk, where ho lay whining. Thurston listening for fully a minute, hearing nothing but the patter of the rain on the bark roof and the beating of his own heart. Thèn came a rustling from the adjoining room, and the door swung slowly aiid silently back. In the doorway stood tho figure of a woman, clothed in a loose white wrapper; her head was bent forwai'd, I with her hands clasped over the face, and her black hair hung loosely over her shoulders. A feeling of super- stitious dread seized Thurston, and ho lny spellbound. The figure ad- vanced towards tho fireplace, the door closing noiselessly behind it. There was no sound of footsteps, only the faint rustle of tho garments. Reaching the fireplace, tue figure paused, then turning, looked full upon Thurston. Beneath the dead white face from which the big black eyes gazed mournfully a gaping wound stretched across the throat, j from which the blood had flown and stained the foot of the garments. The figure stood for a moment, then, with a despairing gesture and a per- ceptible shudder, turned and passed out into the night. Thurston could ' see it move on towards the creek, and disappear into the high rushes. ! For a few momonts he lay straining his eyes in the direction of the I swamp, dreading to see the figure 1 reaimear, but the rushes swayed on with tho same monotonous motion. Shaking off his fear, ho leaped from the bunk, and pulling ou his gar- ments picked up his blanket and hurried out into the falling rain, for not for all the gold in the Wahringa Hanges would he have stayed another hour in the deserted building. Reach- ing the horses, ho wrapped the blan- kets round his shoulders, and shelter- ing himself against the trunk of a tree, he awaited the dawn. When daylight broke he drove tho horses up to tho building, andquicklygetting out his things, he saddíod up and loft without daring even to peep into the inner rooms. All day he pushed on towards Gayuford. But the wetting he had got brought back the fever with twofold violence, and when, about sundown, he rodo up tho main stroet of tho township ho was reeling in the saddle, delirious. He was taken to the hospital, where for days he lay unconscious, and it was many weeks before he was able to rise. AVith returning health, Thurston took up his quarters in tho township to rest until his strength should bo quite restored. He found an old friend in Sergeant Kirby, the officer iu chai'ge of the police station, and often passed an hour with him, chat- ting over old times. Though his thoughts went back to the deserted station, he never ventured to speak to anyone on the subject- fearing ridicule. But ho often vainly endea- voured to account for what he had seen, and one afternoon he asked Kirby if he knew the place, desci-ib i tig its situation. : "That must be the old Black Swamp Station," replied Kirby. " There is a tragic story connected with the old homestead -. but, of course, you have heard it ?" "No, I have never heard it," said Thurston. . " Pray let me hear it." " Well," replied Kirby, " long before my time, . old Stephen Hawksley took up the Black Swamp run and stocked it with sheep. It was tho furthest out station at that time, and the Wahringa Banges,. which en- closed it on two sides, were almost completely' unexplored. After old Hawksley had got tho flocks settled down in convenient camps, and had f»ut up a comfortable homestead, he oft the place in charge of a trusty man and departed for Brisbane. In a few months he returned, bringing with him a young wife. It was a lonely place to bring his bride to, accustomed as she had been to the faieties of the city, and she soon egan to mope ana pine for more congenial companionship than the rough homestead afforded. At last tho old man - uneasy to ? see her unhappy-yielded to her solicitations to bo allowed to visit her friends, and it was arranged, that he should drive her to the nearest township, from which she could travel by coach to the metropolis. On the. eve of the appointed day, Hawksley, unknown to any ot the station hands, went raving mad, and in the night he cut his wife's throat, and, hiding her body among the rushes in the swamp, he. returned to the bedroom and put an end to himself. The station was sold for amere song, and the buyer-having better coun- try lying unstocked-threw up the lease, and the run was deserted. The old homestead has never been inhabited since, and, I should think, must be falling into complete decay." Thurston rose from his seat, and paced the room excitedly. " I swear to you, Kirby," he cried, " that I have never heard this story before; yet I have camped in that accursed build- ing, and seen the ghost of the mur- dered woman. lt was the most terrible-but bah!-what is the use of ray telling you ? You will only say I am crazy." " No, no 1" returned Kirby ; " sit down quietly, man, and tell me all about it;-I wont interrupt you." Thurston resumed/ his seat ,and described the events of '.the/night so circumstantially," that> Kii'by -sawaf once that there was more in it than a mere delusion. After he had finished Kirby sat for awhile musing. At length he spoke "You say this spectre had black eyes and hair. Are you sure of that ?" " Quite," replied Thurston, " for as it faced me the fire broke into a blaze, and I could see the whole figure plainly." " Hum," said Kirby, " and the mur-, dored woman was fair-fair hair and blue eves. Don't you think a ghost should have more consideration for the fitness of things ?" "Oh, you may laugh," returned Thurston. " Go out there and camp I a night in .the house yourself, and you won't do much grinning." "That's what I intend to do," said Kirby, " but hot alone ; I want you to come with me. You're strong again now, and the trip will do you good. I have an idea that I shall find some [ thing in my line^ connected with this ghost, for I think you have been ! tricked by some one, and depend upon it, it was not done without a motive." Thurston, piqued at the sergeant's incredulity, and urged by feelings of fascination to revisit the place, agreed to go, though nothing would have induced him to pass another night in the old house alone. The following morning he repaired early to Jhe police-station, where he found Kirby awaiting him, dressed in ordinary prospector's garb, and they started. With them went Pat Flan- nigan, a new-chum constable lately arrived from Brisbane, and a black tracker. The shades of evening found them travelling along the banks of Condarine Creek, nearing the old Black Swamp homestead. Three miles from their destination Kirby pulled up, and gave instruc- tions to the constable and tracker to camp for the night, and come on and meet him at the homestead at day- light the following morning. Then he and Thurston went on, and just as the sun was sinking they arrived at the station. Thui'ston could not repress a shiver as he looked upon the scene connected in his mind with that night of fear, but the matter-of fact sergeant dispelled this by loudly calling to him to unsaddle and let his horse go before darkness fell. Kirby entered the house and passed through all the rooms, finding no living thing but the spiders and a stray opossum, which htïd made its nest on a wall plate; then returning to the front room he soon had a cheerful fire blazing. He laughod and chatted gaily as they ate their supper, and when they drew up their seats in front of the blaze and lighted their pipes. Thurston ; thought the old building had lost halt its desolate appearance. Kirby lighted a caudle, and before it was time to'turn in they played a few< games of cards. At last he rose, and looking at his watch, said- ? Well, it's getting late. It only wants an hour to midnight now, so we had better ' douse the glim * and turn in, for the blackeyed spectre may shortly be on the move, and it would be against all precedent to receive her with a lighted candle. Make up tho fire, and then you take the bunk ; for I intend to pass the night in this comfortable old squatter's chair." The two. men were soon settled in their respective resting-places, listen- ing for an unusual sound, and each' busy with his own thoughts. The fire burned'brightly,throwing a flick- ering light to the far end of the room. There was no breeze, and the silence was only broken by the .occasional fall of a burnt log upon the hearth. Suddenly both men were startled by the sound of an opening door. Thurs- ton lifted his pale face and gazed at Kirby, but the latter motioned him to silence. Again came the sound of an opening door; then a faint rustle in the adjoining room, and the door swung back, revealing the white robed figure, standing with head and hands iii the old position; Then it advanced down the centre of the room towards the fireplace. .Both men remained silent, watching its everymovemont intently; butKirby's lips'twitched with a smile of derision; As it neared the hearth, the, figure paused, with head still bowed. . Kirby rose suddenly from his chair, and with one bound he was beside it, and seized it by the arms. A wild shriek came from the strug- gling figure. " Let me go !" it cried. "I ain't doin'no harm ! lt was father made me como up here ;" and the girl-for a girl it was - struggled vainly to release herself from Kfifby's grasp.: ?? Kirby slipped a pair of handcuffs on to her. wrists, and pushed her down into tho seat he had vacated ; then he drew back, and looking her over, burst into a peal of laughter. The frightened, girl looked from Kirby to Thurston, and then. back at, Kirby, who stood in front of her, convulsed with merriment. Her big black eyes gleamed strangely from the face whitened to a ghastly hue with pipe- clay, and the loose hair hung in dis- ordered masses about her shoulders. Across her throat a broad red streak was painted, and splashes! of the same pigment discoloured the'bosom of her gown. "Whnt brings jyou here, playing the ghost?" said Kirby, as soon as he controlled his laughter. "I only done it for a lark," cried the girl, then, turniug defiantly on Kirby,and lifting hermanacled wrists "Take these things off 1 What call have you got to treat nie like this? I've as much right as you in this old shanty !" "Wait a bit," said Kirby, '"I'm a Íioliceman, and 1 want to know a ittle more about you. You said just now your father sent you here. What was that for ?*' . " No, father didn't send me," replied the girl, with an uneasy look. "I came of my own accord ; mst to give this cove a skeer," pointing tb Thurs- ton. "What's your name,'and where did you come, from ?" continued Kirby. "My name's Polly Donovan, and we was camped 'bout three miles down the crick," she replied, with a sly look. " That's a lie !" said Kirby. " I passed therelastnight; besides, you've never come that far." The girl put her hands up to her face and com- menced to whimper. "Now stop that," said Kirby, and then continuing more kindly, " Now, Polly, you'll have to make up your mina to stay where you are till morning. I'll let you go as soon as I find out where you came from; so make your mind easy. Then, light- ing the candle, and replenishing the fire, he seated himself between the door and the prisoner to wait for daylight. At daylight Constable Flannigan and the tracker arrived, and looked very much astonished when they entered the room and saw the girl sitting by the fireplace, her whitened face looking ghastly in the daylight. Kirby had prepared some breakfast, and à can of coffee stood beside the fire. The girl refused, to eat, but drank a little coffee, and as soon as the rest had finished, Kirby, telling Flannigan to bring the girl along, started out with the tracker to find her last night's tracks. They were soon found, and the tracker started to follow them up. They led straight across to .the range at the back of the homestead^ and into a gully on one side of which the rocky surface rose precipitately. They followed this along for a hundred yards, when the tracker stopped abruptly where some thick currant bushes grew against the cliff. Pushing these to one side, he . revealed a narrow onening running into the rock. Bidding the others stay where they were, Kirby and the tracker disap fieared into the cave-for such it was. n ten minutes time .. they ; re-ap Êeared, and Kirby, removing the andcuffs from the girl's wrists, said : " You're, free now, Polly, for I've found out your father's nice little plant; thanks to his idea of making a ghost of you." The girl turned, and darting away up the gully, was soon out bf sight. : . Kirby, calling to the others to fol- low, re-entered the cavern and struck a light. They were in a spacious cave with high arched roof, through which a dim light found its way by a narrow fissure coming from the hill above. In the middle of the .floor stood a rough table with a slush lamp upon it, and. m tho corner a still in full working order, while ranged'round the sides were numer- ous kegs filled with the raw spirit. ; This, then, was the reason of Polly's assuming the role of ghost. Old Donovan had for some time been making whisky, in this mountain cavern, and when prospectors began to come about, fearing that it would be discovered, he hit upon the idea of causing the old homestead to get the name of being haunted, which would make the diggers give it a wide berth. He had seen Thurston pull up at the building on the night of his'first, arrival, and tutoring Polly in her role-she was perfectly familiar with every room in the bid house- he painted her face and throat and sent her out on her dangerous errand. The girl must have had great ' nerve to go through her part as, well ' as she did, although she could not have kept it up much longer, for what Thurston took to be a " perceptible shudder," when she turned abruptly away from him,, was in reality a hysterical giggle, only subdued i with g^reat difficulty. On the second occasion Donovan had no idea that Kirby was there, or he would never haye. sont, the girl. When her absence became prolonged he crept up to the house, and peep- ing into the lighted room, he took in thé situation at . a glance. Before morning ho. and his mate were securely hidden near the ? cave, but they could not, hide the still or liquor. ... ? {'',., -:. ??. ?"? "Well, Flannigan;" ¡ said Kirby, when he had made an inventory of everything, ! " I must go back to Gaynford, to, bring up a dray and teani to remove these things. In the meantime .1 leave you in charge ; let no onè,enter the cave.: Go down to the homestead now, and bring up your, blankets and rations. I will be back by to-morrow evening, and in the meantime you might clear; this scrub froih'the entrance." v When Flannigan returned with his things, Kirby set out for Gaynford, accompanied by Thurston and the tracker.' The..constable busied him- self for a while cutting a clear approach i ' then; having eaten his dinner, he lighted his pipe and seated himself in, the entrance to pas3. the time. Ho was aroused by the sound of footsteps, and looking up1 he saw Polly. ." " ''.?'?' -J 'i , " Don't you feel it a bit lonesome I hero, Mr. Flannigan," she said. " Will I I stop', for a- while and keep you company?" . : ? "Do;as you plaze,"hereplied gruffly, " BS long as you don't bring that ould divil Donovan with you." " What would they do with father if ho was taken, Mr. Flannigan ?" ' " Faith, they'd fine him in more money than iver he posseshed, an' if he couldn't pay they d imprison the crayther for his nacheral loife." " And what will they do with the spirits?" "Trow it out on the ground," said the. constable. "What a pity to waste suclvgood liquor," said the girl. " Mr. Flannigan," placing her hand coaxingly on his shoulder, " wouldn't you like me to make you a little drop of punch? Father says I make it better than ever he tasted, and it would do you no harm this cold day." "Well," said Flannigan, smacking his lips and considering. " Oi dunno ; if 'tis only to be fro wed away I might as well'have a taste av it. As you say, 'twould do me no harrum, for the day is could. Come in thin, an' get what liquor you want; but be quick : about it, and don't disturb things more than you can help ; for 'twould lose me my billet if 'twas known." The girl presently emerged, carry- ing a can. Flannigan put it to his nose, sniffed lovingly, and said: "'Tis aisy to see yez know how to handle poteen. 'Tis right good Kerry f»unch ye've made ;" and, taking a ong drink, he put the can down beside him. The punch mast, indeed, have been potent, for he soon began to talk loquaciously in a thick voice. Thenhe took anotherdrihk, staggered towards Polly with open arms, as if to embrace her, and, falling forward in the doorway, lay where Jae fell. The girl spurned the prostrate figure contemptuously with her foot ; then springing up the rocks with the lightness of a mountain goat, she drew a whistle from her pocket. Blowing on, this she returned to the cave, and rolling the prostrate form of the constable out of the doorway, she passed in, and began packing up the bedding and clothing into port- able form. By tho time she was ready, four pack-horses came trot- ting out of the gully, followed by two men on horseback:. " Is all clear, Polly ?" asked the leader, a tall old man with a long white beard. " We heard the whis- tle, and so we started." " All's right, father," replied the girl. "The trap's stiff for the next twelve hours ; I hope the laud'num don't kill him. But we'd better look sharp, for fear someone else might turn up." The men dismounted, and in a wonderfullyshort, time the worm and more valuable parts of the still, together with a few kegs of the liquor, were packed upon the horses, and , Polly jumping up on to her father's horse, the whole cavalcade passed from sight in the direction of the roughest and scrubbiest part of the Wahringa Ranges. Kirby was wild with rage when hè came ' back' and found how he had been tricked. Poor Flannigan lost his position in the "foorce "-though he always swore that he had been bewitched, and had never tasted a drop of the liquor. Neither Donovan nor his daughter was ever heard of again-at least under that name but most likely the old man is carry- ing on the old game in some distant part of tho colony. 