MY ONLY GHOST. BY JINGO. To begin a ghost story properly the wind ought to be sought in the treen, the windows rattling, and the night cold and dark." But I haven't any trees in my suburban garden, nothing but a few geraniums, half-a-dozen ragged sunflowers, some tomato plants, and a plot of grass six feet by four. There are plenty of data, however, both lady and gentleman, and when it is their night out they make a good deal more noise than the wind in the trees, and more variety. Perhaps it is that I do not know " how to listen to feline music," but I never find myself shouting "encore" under any circumstances when their band begin to play. It was a trying, hot evening in February, and the wind was still blowing (third day) from the north, I had opened a bottle of ale, and finished it at the second offer. "Beer, said Mr. Richard Swiveller, cannot be taken in sips." This sentiment I have found to be truth itself. I had three gas-jets going in the room and one in the passage-a powerful illumina- tion, which attracted blowflies, motheR, and large red ants. They committed suicide at the lights one after another in a way that would have won the sincere admiration of the city coroner himself. The last blow-fly (without wings was still busy on the table buzzing round on his back, when an extra puff of wind blew my ghost into the door and slapped him against the wall like a pancake. What an odd-looking thing he was, to be sure, I could see the. pattern of the paper a little distorted through his body. I noticed he was quite bald. As he gathered himself up, I said, " Won't you sit down !" I was not a bit frightened. " Thanks," he replied. " Dash that wind. I don't mind dust or rain, but I cannot stand being blown about like a thistle seed, I don't suppose you know me," he rattled on. " My name is William Macgregor John Bulteel Smith. ' Batty was my pet name. You must have seen that in Memoriam notice in yesterday's paper. The one To Our Bulty,' where 'Tomb' rhymed to'soon,' and sudden to heaven.' I told them there was no power on earth that could do that sort of thing long before 1 pegged out. But there's a poet in the family, and the opportunity was. not to be missed. He was a week getting up that verse, and when he read it aloud they all said It could not be bettered I' " Itsccmed light that I should say something, and so I delicately asked him the object of his visit. "Yes, I thought you'd want to know that," he replied. "Well, the fact is I'm just off' the chain for an hour, and took a run up here for the sake of peace and quietness. I don't mind the cats, they're nothing. You know we're overcrowded with unemployed down below. So many of the old families all over the world are giving up their ghosts. Can't afford 'em now. A ghost, you see, wants pretty well a suite of rooms and a long corridor to itself to do any good. But folks are letting these rooms to lodgers now, and the ghosts have had to clear. Five grey ladies were thrown on our hands to-day. We had thirty "men in armour with gashes on their brows " come back last week. But they're nothing to the sixteen beautiful, tall, fair women dragging clanking chains after them. They get up quantities, and then the row is awful. Have you any spirits in the house?" Ishuddeieda "No." "I think you misunderstand me," he smilingly rejoined, " I mean liquid pints." Luckily I had a bottle of brandy at hand. I often suffer from spasms suddenly, and I like to keep the remedy close by. He helped himself to half a tumbler full, and swallowed it neat. I watched the brown fluid go slowly down, down, down in a thin stream with fiery edges till it was lost beneath the table line. Ko sipping about that, at all events. He took up a cigarette and lit it. I could see him draw the smoke through the end, force it up with his tongue to the roof of his mouth, and out through his nostrils. It was just like looking at a diagram. Then he poured out another half tumbler of brandy which went the way of the first. He was thoroughly enjoying the evening now, without a doubt. He had thrown himself back in his chair, with his arm over the back, had crossed his legs, and was slowly expelling the smoke of my best cigarettes with the keenest satisfaction, if one might judge by the smile on his face. As I looked allum a thought, an inspiration flashed across my mind, So: was my opportunity to secure a ghost. I had often imagined that fortune there would be for a man who could catch it real grassland exhibit him at a shilling in hand a show that would cost comparatively nothing to run. There was thousands in it. My great opportunity had come at last. "I shay, ol' I'll'r, your brandy, pretty strong." The drink was telling on him, Everything was playing into my hands. "Take another nip," I suggested. " Thanlcsh, don't mi' if I do. Can you play on the euchre ?" To carry out my plan successfully I knew I must encourage him to drink until he became perfectly helpless. "Look alive," I called across the table to him, "and finish the bottle." "Look alive come, thatch a good 'un. Can't look alive ; after can't do ¡niposhbili ties. I will just take one more, and then go home (The) ; glow Burmah shows music to be near (hie) near." Then he commenced to sing, "YVc wo' go home till morn (hie) morning, we wo' go home-'onie-'onie-wo' go 'once." His head sank on his breast, Die cigarette dropped from his lips, he slept and Biiorcd. Now was my time, now or never. What was to be the plan of campaign ? Should I grab him by the arm (it still hung over the chair), or should I hit him a whack on the head with the fire shovel, render him insensible, and then bind him. I had three pocket- handkerchiefs in my pocket. These I rolled into bonds and laid them full length on the table no handy as possible. There were two certain ways to secure him, One was to knock him out, to hit him on the point of the jaw and render him insensible. The other to pass my arm round his neck from the back and garrotted him. Hither was easy of accomplishment, as his head was now hanging back over the chair-rail with his chin invitingly exposed, I took a good stiff' nobbler to give me a little more courage and strength, and then quietly pulling off my slippers and coat moved round the table and stood directly in front of him. After survey I determined to knock him out. I measured my left to the point of his jaw and drew back to let him have it as hot as I could. I said quietly to myself, " One, two, three." At three I shot out my aim, following it with my body fair on the spot where the point of the law should have been, but was not. The blow was expended on air, and the force of it carried me sprawling on the chair. Over it went, with me on top in falling, down came the table-cloth, brandy bottle, tumbler and cigarettes, with an awful smash on to the Door. It was some moments before I looked up, and when I did so there was a woman in white standing in the doorway, with a candle- stick in her hand. One glance was sufficient. It was my wife. " What's all this mean," she asked. "My dear," I said, most 'extraordinary thing. I had a ghost here, sitting in that very chair, and I tried to catch him. Lots of money, my dear, in a real live ghost." "Who drank all the brandy?' she asked in a voice that would have frozen a hot wind. The fright made me clip my words in a most vexatious manner as I answered, " He did, m' dear: the shots' did, M'riu." " Indeed !" 1 knew all that was meant by that word without the tone of incredulity it was uttered in. "You had better come to bed," she added. And I went. After the experience of that night I have resolved never to show any hospitality to a ghost again as long. as I live 