TRAVELLED ON CHEEK. ORLANDO B066S GIRDLES THE GLOBE A SWIMMER FROM AWAY BACK. SURPRISES THE SKIPPER OF THE ORPHEUS. A THREE MONTHS' MATCH. Orlando Bogga wanted to co aronndtbe world, and be bad nothing on earth to go with but time and cheek. It has been said that time is money, but for some reason Mr Bogga found It impoeiblo to convert his time into any collateral for bread and meat and steamboat fare and railroad riding and other necessaries incidmt to living or travallinc. In taking clock of his resources one day, it suddenly occurred to Boggs that his oheck might be more available, and he put himself into a deep thinking trance. Basalts fol lowed and Orlando Boggi went abroad ; In foot, be went all round tho world ; and yet be left borne without the ghost of a penny. Tbe ocean steamship Orpheus was adver tised to sail on Saturday night at 12 o'clock. Captain Findley, one of the jol- lioei and moat sodable of old sea dogs, was tha masts, and just on time pl»nt« wars pulled in »n|l all was made snug on board for the ocean voyage, and do one suspected there was an extra pas senger to tbe rodder post. Tbe Ornhsus was a first-class passenger liner, ana she ploughed through tbe water at a lively rate, having made about 200 miles at breakfast time on Sunday morning. Captain Findley was about the deck taking a survey of the weather and looking after things in general before going below to eat, when a 00m motion at tho stern of the vessel attracted his attention. Going aft he found that a man withoat shoos, hat or ooat had just clambered over the rail of the ship and stood there dripping wot. The first mate was there and had asked the stranger who he was and how ha came on board, and to these questions the dripping man's reply was mcroly&n; inquiry aa to where he could find the captain. " I am the captain, sir," said that jolly old fellow, all in a maze at tbe spectacle before him ; " now who on oarth, or rather on water, are you !" "Glad to eeo you, captain," replied the visitor ; "sorry I haven't a card with me, but you bare doubtless heard of Orlando Bogga ; I am be." "Well, Mr Bogga," said tits captain In still sreaier wonderment at tbe easy affability of tee man, "I am not sura whether I am glad to toe you or not; I must oon less, too, that I never heard of you in my life; out with it, man, and tell me who you are andhow yoa-happen to be on board my ship V " Captain, I am Orlando Boggs, tbe swimmer. How I happen to be here is simple enough. Last evening I came down to the beach, as is my usual custom, to tako a swim. My system must be out of gear in some way, for when I was out thirty or forty mtlee 1 went to sleep and eridontiy kept right on swimming. It was just daylight when I awoke, and, look ing about mo, I cepiod your ship. Know ing my average speed, and judging by the rising sun what time it was, I Inwardly ro&sttd; myself for going to (Coop end getting so far from land withoat any pre parations or supplies. I began to feel the gna wings of hunger, aod realising that it would take me several boors to retiun to the city, I determined to overhaul you and ask your hospitality for a meal, and here I am. That's au there is to it, captain." " Why, confound It man ; yon don't to tell me that you— why man, are ycra crazy f" "No, captain, I am not crazy, but I am very hungry." " You swam all the way out here and then overhauled my ship going twenty miles an hour?" stammered tho captain; "von did this?" ' " Why, certainly ; you don't know my record, captain, or yon wouldn't be so in credulous ; that is nothing for me, air." " Yon oome rigjit down to my stateroom, Mr Boggy ; you ecu hare anything yoa want Mr Boggy, for sure enough it was that same individual with plenty of time and choek, was soon fitted out with dry garments and was enjoying a hearty breakfast with tho captain. Daring the tne&l; ho related to tho captain numberless perform aooee in which be hod been engaged, and altogether proved decidedly entertaining. His wonderful swimming experiences inte rested tbe captain hugely. "And now, Captain Findley, allow me io thank you for your kindneM and your hoe- pitality," said Mr Bogga, as be finished his coffee; "if you will have the steward tie me up a oouplo of sandwiches and l6t mo have my wet clothes I will start back ; 1 wont to reach homo by supper time, at least." " Now, see here, Mr Bogga, I like you, and as you have intimated onoe or twice you have nothing particular on hand just now, I want to invite you to stay aboard with me for the round trip ; I shall take it as a favor if you will ; oome now, say yee." Mr Bogga declared he would be de lighted, but called tbo captain's attention to the fact that he had oome away from borne without money or lutrgage. "How c»n I, capita," j«U he, "with only a pair of pants, a pair of suspenders and a aari.ige shirt?" " Don't yoa worry about th things," replied the captain ; M you can hare all the cloth 09 and mosey you need while you are with me; you are mygneet u long as you will atay." And so It was arranged. Cheek had sue- oeeded m taking Mr Boggs acraes tho in firet-olass style without a cent. It was a jolly trip both for Mr Boggs and the captain, and the fanner made himself very entertain ing to all tbo passengers; there was nothing too good for Bogga on the Orpheus. On arrival at Liverpool the captain and his gout went ashore for a little change. Ona of the fiat things that struck their notice was the advertisements of a great swimming oonteat to take plaoe that oam afternoon. A great champion had challenged th. world to swim for . ataka ot lOOOdoL, tha test being both speed and distance. ."VT?K,.h?I-' %S»" "claimed tha cap. tain, thla ta jnat in yonrlma ; yon oneht to ester this and win that money ; will you. if the entries are not closed ?" The question for a Trtrm-r»nf staggered Bogga, hot he quickly braced up and re plied that he would only be too glad to do k. Tho captain went to make inqniriea nndptoocnUy returned, Baying hahadmado all tho arrangements and had put up the money. Boggs told him he would be ouhnd' to drew on him fora little money to get some necessaries for tbe match, and his friend gave him the cash without the least Bogga that disappeared, hut just about 16 minutoe before tho timo ret for tho start ho ahovrodnp. Ho wnaaalght. Howaadrowd in tight, and an hia ahotddem and anna warn nnmbcrlaea bundlae and paokagea, among thorn being a email oU- otoveandaamoutanilli lor cooking. Thn captain granted him warmly. " All right, lloggi, my boy 1" Got ovary, thing you want t" he asked. "Yee, I guess so," replied that eboekv individual. " Only I douft know anything about my opponent, and I am in doubt whether or not I ought to take along ar'htr ham and a few dozen oggs." " What's that f" said the champion, 00m- ing up. " Ham and eggs. You don't mean to say you are going swimming with all that truck on you ! What te It all.anysrav?" " What te It t" replied Bogga, as If sur- prised at the question. "What is Ul Why, supplieefor the trip, of course." " Supplies i" yelled tho champion. "Why. how long do you expect to be gone ? "That depends entirely <m you, sir" replied Boggs with dignity. "All I have to do to win tha money te to swim longer and faster than you do. I only intend to k«p just ahead of you, aod if yon should keep me out in tho ocean for a month or two I don't won't to starve, do 11 Where are your supplies, sir? It strikes me it te time torus to start." " Say, see -here, mister, U that tha way you always swim ; do you mean to say you gooutoapd atay two and three month at a Certainly," amid Bogga, "two or thrao months are nothing. I swam one match sriLh a native 'Malay which lasted twenty -ono moo tha, Oome ou, let oe start." " SajV mister, I don't think I .want to swim with you; you are out of my oteea: I give it up and yon can have the money ; I am willing to give it up josLto have a look at a man rigged out for a three months' nrimming maioh ; you beat me, you dOe" Orlando Bogga -now had jpteatf ol money for his trip abroad, for the can. tain insisted on his taking the 2002dois. The went up to Loodon together, and after soeiai the English capital Mr Born went over tc the continent and spent several months in k«s enjoyment encircling tbe globo, feeing all Li, sights, and be did it aH on his cheek. Orlando Bogga' trip doesn't beat the out ws offer very much, for ours only out l( cents or five two-cent poetago stamps, atd you become the owner of tho handsoinest art album ever published. Our portfolios of photographs each contain sixteen tnag. nifioent views of tbe rights and scenes of tbs world, and it will payycu to look at tbe offur we make on another nam;, and to din mi coupon regularly . — " 'Frisoo Chronicle." 