[CONTINUED FROM SATURDAY'S ISSUE.] COPYRIGHT.] 2s OW FIRST PUBLISHED. UNDER THE SHADOW ; OF CRIME, OR, THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAYEN. A THRILLING STORY OF DEEP • . INTEREST, — • By • JEAN MTDDLEMASS, Author'of "A GntL ix a Thousand," "Sealed by a Kiss," "ByF.uk Meass," "Touch axd Go," etc. CHAPTER VII. Riisixe a Ghost. It is the month of roses. Glorious sunny ' June. <The gardensround. Aboyne Court are radiant'with perfume and the house too is filled ,with sweet fragrance, ior . Lady Ger trude worships beauty in all its forms, and roses are her especial passion. Curious old china bowls from almost every known pottery-raanhfacture both in and out of Europe, stand about in unexpected nooks and corners and are filled everywhere with the Queen-of flowers^ But in the library is the greatest profusion. It is Lady_Ger.trude,3_favorite_room,.as it_.was. Sir Louis', perhaps for the reason that it is the sunniest in the house, and from it, French windows open on to a terrace, beyond which Iie3 the lawn and a panorama of fertile scenery stretching far away for miles. The library is scarcely however the staid, bockwormy room it was before the old baronet died. With new heirship have come new ways and, Sir Clement professing him self to be absolutely indifferent as to what changes are made, Lady Gertrude has filled th*3 . rouin with hor tromjui's knick-k.nackfc, almost to the obliteration' of the ' ponderous tomes which still hold their own on the book shelves. It is in the library that Lady Gertrude receives her intimates for five o'clock tea, the.drawing-room being reserved for gala days, of which as yet there had been none. Sir Clement is averse to any large gather ing, giving us an excuse, the plea that it is too soon as yet after his uncle's death for them to invite their friends, except quite quietly: lu this, no one can gainsay him, yet it is scarcely " Clement Dunraven's real motive for objecting to society. The fact is he is a changed man since his marriage, is per petually starting at shadows, and the inter course with his fellows in which he used to delight, now frightens him. He skulks about the grounds for the most part alone, and is tho very shadow of the once genial Clement, in spite of his accession to wealth and title and the fact of his being the ; possessor of the most charming little wife in all the countryside. Everyone notices the change, even Lady Gertrude, 50 backward as a rule to think there is aught amiss with her Clement. They are standing together at the library window,-Jeekkig-out-over those broad acres which are all his now. Her hand is on his "shoulder, her pretty eyes are looking up into his face. ' What ails yon, Clem darling, I feel sure that you have some worry. Why hot confide in your own Gerty? iTou will never have a truer or more sympathetic friend than your wife.' ] .. .'There is nothing the matter Gerty." I have told you a hundred times. What a nuisance it is to ask these foolish questions.' She shook her head and pretended net to see the irritability of manner by which these words were accompanied. ; • ' You are deceiving me, you naughty darl ing-... If nothing is worrying you, why are not you cheery and laughing as you used to be?' *1 suppose because I have responsibilities now which I had mot then. One cannot always bee boy, my child. A good deal de pends on me now which I had not to think of a few months ago. You forget that I am a staid Benedict.' She turned from him with a pout. 'That is just it, you are Borry you married me, and you never cease regretting it.' What could be Bay? How answer this unexpected outburst. Was it not the truth ? His answer somewhat astonished her, it Beemed to come so really from his heart. 'Gerty, never, never, say that again. Un less you wish to make me too horribly un happy, never upbraid me by saying I regret the day I married you.' And yet did he not regret it more and more each hour he lived? Ay, regretted it the more intensely because he was learning to love after a fashion, this dainty, bewitch ing little Gertrude, who loved him so well. Sim trans 'Bot- t-ha passionate- desire of -his heart, as isad fcesn Lisbeth, nor-could h'o ever feel tirnt ardens ■ longing for . any othor wotnan; still he loVed :svreet Gertrude. And by the steingG anomalous crookedness of hin nature it was Lisbeth not Gertrude whom he had of late begun to regard as the intruder. ~.'"If "the'truth" ever came "out ho would lose Gertrude—there l3y his fear. • He could trust Lisbeth, ay, to tho death ; then whyneed- he quake ? Yet it would be better If aho were dead—she and her child, whose [existence was such a reproach and remorsb to him. Could he be a really happy man tintil they were both laid in their craves.' EaoKday he was more and more impressed with the feeling that release from suffering would only oeme with their deaths, and yet there seemed no chance of either of them dying. ' They were both well and strong. He miiat bear his burden as lightly as he could and make life as happy as possible for the dear confiding little wife who had trusted him so completely that "she had asked no questions about bis past. ' It; was therefore a terrible shock to him to discover that she fancied he regretted his marriage. Ho did not regret it; was not Lady Ger trude the woman in the right place, far more fitted t<> be chatelaine of Aboyne Court than the lowly Lisbeth ? He could be perfectly happy and contented with his lot if fear and remorsfe, those twin demonesses, weuld not obtrude themselves so freely and render his life oaa long agony. And Sf Gstkrude's voice were to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceaseless reminders, life would become utterly unbearable. Hence the sharp cry he uttered in answer to her suspicions. She knew at once that she had wounded him and tears of sorrow and repentance came into the eyes that gazed into his. ' My. Clem, my beloved,' she said, ' for give me. It was mere foolishness that made me speak bo. You have spoilt me until I have gr*wn reckless of speech and taunted you with what I know does not exist. For give me—you will? . r < • Her arms were about his neck and his head drawn down to her level," so that she could imprint a loving kiss on his lips, when the door opened and the burly butler an nounced— ' Mr. Pierce Yaughan.' Always, as usual, on the ywrong spot at the wrong moment, Pierce Yaughan'walked in with the sterotyped Mephistophelean smile which usually irradiated his sinister countenance. The husband and wife sprung asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To be caught spooning by Pierce Yaughsn was another drop added to Clement's cup of bitters, while Lady Gertrude, who, owing to hia Msumed air of superiority was always a little'bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under the cohriction that he was laughing at lier for being a little fool. So he was, but for a very diflerent reason to any little Lady Gertrude would ever have guessed. He did not appear to have noticed anything unusual on hi3 entrance and held out his hand to the present owners of Aboyne Court with much apparent cordiality. . ' We have not seen you for some time, Pierce/ said Sir Clement a little drearily. ' Where are you staying V 'At:Lady Marcia Foljambe's. She is the only individual about here who ever in vites me now Sir Louis is dead.' ' What a reproach,' cried > Lady. Gertrude; ' unmerited tod, for we have been away so much and are scarcely settled hero even now. Of course, yon' know you are as welcome now as you vrere in Sir Louis' time. Are you not Clement's cousin?' She looked:'around at her husband; ex-" pecting him to endorse this almost gushing welcome, but Bho was disappointed by the very cool manner in which.he said, ' Very glad to see you, Pierce.' He would not have said it at all if he had not been absolutely compelled, and "no one knew this better than Pierce,. although he smiled and showed his white teeth, and to all outward-appearance accepted in all good faith, the very general invitation that had been given him. For a few minutes thoy all throe talked cordially enough on topics of interest in con nection with their neighbors. Then, Lady Gertrude having rung for tea, Sir Clement ro8e when it came in and said, not being a would leave Pierce to her tender mercies as he wished to give hia bailiff some order3 before the men left off work. Had Sir Clement Dunraven been a man who thought seriously before he acted, he would probably not have been weighted by the heavy load of trouble whioh now op pressed him aud very certainly it was not the least foolish thing he ever did when he left Pierce Yaughan alone with Lady Gert ■iude, net that Pierce had any idea of making love to her, although he had professed him self tO'ba one of 'her suitors before her marriage. He was far too careful a man to commit himself by a flirtation with another man's wife, but thero are other way 3 of ruintbg «aajngal peace besides love-making. He had had a long walk and was lather tired ho remarked, and the -ady having nothing to do but amuse and be amused, they settled themselves down to a good chat about everything and everybody. What Pierce Yaughan said, he would probably never have said, if the opportunity had not been as it were made for him. He oertainly had had no intention of doing-more than what he called 'look upon his rela tions,': when he started for a visit to Aboye Court.. Clement Dnnraven had given him one lead by going indiscreetly away ; Lady Gert rude gave him a second by an unwary ques tion. ' Do yon not think Clement is very changed and looks as if he had some terrible worry?' she asked as she handed him his second cup of tea. ' I have seen very little of him since his marriage' replied Mr. Vaughan, ' but I can not help recognising the fact that he is changed.' ' Ha says it is the responsibility of being a landlord that weighs upon him.' • Oh ! I should not have given Clement credife for having scruples.' ' What do you mean ? All conscientious people must have scurples at times.' 1 And you consider Clement to be very conscientious—conscience Is not as a rule a highly developed masculine quality.' ' Oh, Mr. Yaughan ! How can you talk so?' He laughed cynically. 'Balievemo, Lady Gertrude, we are all sad dogs, and I don't fancy Clem is any better th»n the rest of us. At any rate he never used to be. What reformations you have brought about of course I am no judge of, bat for the present I am not inclined to believe in them.' Lady Gertrude looked very serious and for a moment or two did not speak ; then she said— ' I wonder what you mean, and I wonder now what Clement meant when he told me on the evening that lie asked mo to be iiis wife, that he was not a man I ought to trust. And that if I did so it was at my own risk.' Clement told you this 1' And Pierco Vaughan seemed exceedingly surprised, and momentarily startled out of his sang froid he unconsciously drew his chair.a-fowpaces nearer -his hostess. 'He did. But why does it astonish you so much V I did not. think—well to tell.the truth, I did not think he would have dared.' ' Not dare to tell me. You forgot he was asking me to be his wife.' There are some episodes in a man's life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wifo is the very last person to be told of. I, for instance, should never have made any reference to Cle ment's past, if he had not done so himself.' ' You know then, know that there is some thing worrying Clement, and about which he will not be explict.' ' I can imagine that it may be so.' ' And you will tell me what it is, so that I may use all the means in my power-to re move this annoyance? ' You V 1 Do not say you in that tone Mr. Vaughan. It is so very strange that I should wish to make my husband happy !' ' Impossible. It is quito impossible for you to do anything in this matter. Besides, unless Clement tells you the whole truth •himself I will certainly not do so. I could not betray confidence.' ' I will ask him the first time I hare an opportunity,' she said naively, as though she fuliy expected that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. Pierce Vaughin smiled and wondered what sort of an explanation her enquiries would call forth. Very certainly he himself could not have given a full one since he knew no more of Clement's affairs than that to wfuch some suspicions pointed. It was therefore not only wise, but imperative that he should daal in inuendoes. There was a letter once went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to herself. 11 would not read it, it came the day before our marriage. 1 A letter !' And in spite of himself a blush spread over his usually palid face. She did not notice, however. She was too much engrossed by the subject that was so near to her. 1 Yes, it was signed by a woman, I forget the name and was accompanied by one from an anonymous well-wisher. I gave them to Clement and ho burnt them both. You see I could not in honor aceept any anonymous communication. Fancy setting euch a low, cowardly warning in the dark against Clement's truth.' ' And ho explained the matter V 'Of-course. He said all men had had their youthful escapades; that he was no better or worse than others. Just what you say your self Mr. Yaughan, that it does not do for a wife to pry too closely, I am sure I am not curious, and if Clement did not look so un happy and worried, I should not ask a single question about his past. I do wish you would help me to put everything quite right for him.' 'I wo.uld do a great deal for you Lady Ger trude, but in this matter I do not see how I can help you. You are evidently not aware that Clement, although he i3 my first cousin entertains no friendly feeling towards me. Why, I cannot say, since wo have been more or lessbrought up together, unless from the . fact that I know more about his affairs than quite pleases him.1. ■ ' I am sure Clement would never dislike you for this, if you are good and kind to him,' cried. Lady Gertrude, warmly. Pierce Yaugan shruggedhis shoulders. 1 Thero is porhsps another reason,' ho said, ■why Clement does not especially affect me. You know the old lines. ' Forgiveness to the injured does belong. But those ne'er pardon, who havo done the wrong.'... • ■ ' And liow does that apply to Cleruont V ■ 'If Clem had not undermined my position with my uncle, I should not bs'the pauper I am to-day.' 'Oh Mr. Yaughan how unjust, Clement is incapable of doing such a thing. I have heard him several times express his regst that yon had not a larger sum of money left you, and that he should like to make it up.' ' "Mere words, dear Lady Gertrude. It is very likely that he would give money up to me place and the fortune. Sir Louis insisted on the marriage, if lie had refused he wouid have been disinherited.1 Lady Getrtude became crimson, then deadly pale, so.much so. that Pierce ?ot frightened and thought he had gone too far and hastily began eating his words.' ' I don't say he did not care for you, dear Lady Gertrude, what man could do other wise—* ' Enough,. Mr. Yaughan,'. cried Lady Ger trude, drawing herself up with dignity, 'we have already talked too much about Clement and his affairs.' This wound to her self pride reminded her keenly of her wifely duty. He forthwith accepted the dismissal of the subject. Ho knew as well as she did that enough had been said to leave a far deeper wound-than Lady Gertrude had any idea of; •only one thing more he must do, he must take care of himself. He rose to take hia leave, as she gave him her hand, ho bent over it— ' I ' •will never say another word about these,.matters,' ho said, 'unless you begin the conversation, and-1 do hope you will make me.onepromise,1. ' What is it V 'Never to tell Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow further dissension between us by giving him cause to dislike me. I spoke in confidence which I already regret, since I am striving my utmost to forgive Clement any injury he may have done me, and I do so wish that we may all be good friends — You will promise.' 'I promise, Mr. Vaughan. I would not make any mischief between you and Clement for all the wofld.' He kissed the little hand he still held, and without further observation went away to stroll back across the nuius to Lauy luarcia F oljambe's. For a long half hour after he left her Lady Gertrude sat very still, and looked as whito and scared as if she had seen a ghost. And so indeed she had, a ghost that would stalk by her side, nor leave her during the rest of her pilgrimage. Can there be a drearier or more cheerless companion of our way than suspicion of one we love. One too that stickoth close, for neither by night nor day does the treacher ous fear ever desert us. When Fierce Vaughan introduced this ever stalking fiend into Lady Gertrude's, until now. happy confiding life, was he not committing a moral murder that should be subject as an actual one to the utmost rigor of the law. Nor was he any the happier for his base inuendoes, to judge from his face and look as he sauntered slowly across the fields. He had sown tho seed of dissension that might bring Clement Dunraven's ruin, yet he scarcely felt tho Satanic triumph he ex pected. It was rather a nauseous feeling of dread lest he himself should be caught in in his own net, that pursued him and made him almost regret that he had boon beguiled into this talk with Lady Gertrude. Then he roused himself with a strong eSort av.d tried to rid himself of the oppressive fears, for was'h* not playing for a high stake? Sir Lnnis Dnnrsvon's will was a prran^o one. No one know its power mid-value bettor than Pierce yaughan, rich as he was in lawyer-like acumen. Tho contents of tho will had beon, by Cle ment's desire, • kept concealed from Lady Gertrude, cr she would have known what she had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboyne Court and its concomitant fortuno if he had not married the only daughter of the Earl of Melbury. The marriage had taken place and the dia- I posal of the old baronet's fortune had been arranged—Sir Miles Berkeley being ex ecutor—with the family lawyer ; what need was there then for Pierce Vaughan to meddle. Sir Louis had been clever enough not to make Pierce an cxacutor, since he foresaw that there' might be trouble between the tho cousins. He had merely lefthim £5,000 as a legacy, which Picrco regarded as •! mere pittance ; and madii ho further mention of his name. Like many another clever man, Sir Louis had considerably over shot Ilia mark in this will, All his wisdom seemed to have gone forth in making honest oir luiie.s Berkeley his exesutor, ho did not 3eem to realise that, as circumstances alter cases, tho positions of the two cousins would change and that bad blood, unless they were absolutely saints, must bo the outcome of this testa mentary document. \- There-was yet another clause in the.-will, more perplexing and calculated, to produce greater difficulties,. th:m, that- of enforced marriage'; ifc was to the effect-that, should Clement Dunraven 3t~ any- . time become divorced from Lady Gertrude,-by any fault of his own the estates were to pass away from him to his son and heir if he had one, if not, to Pierce -Vaughan as next of kin. Sir Louis Dunraven with all hisshrewdness had scarcely taken tho measure of his pet nephew, his sister's son, or he (vould scarcely have left such an instrument In the hands of a man as sordid and cunning as was Pierco Yaughan. Base and degenerate as had been Clement Dunraven's act ho was by nature not nearly so wicked a man as his cousin. Clement's vices were the result of weakness, he could not resist temptation, whereas the other had a special facility for conducting intrigue and, given a sufficienttime for development, Trould probably not stop at crime. Up to the present moment, however, Cle ment had outwitted his clearer-headed cousin,, for he was far from discovering the secret of what was really darkening the life of the present owner of Aboyne Court. About half a mile from the house the two men passed each other, only a hedgs be tween them, but neither wished to speak— Pierce felt keenly alive to tho mischief he had done his cousin during the last half-hour, and Clement never cared to look Yaughan in the face. He was always afraid of how much ho knew and to a certain extent gave him credit for guarding a silence, which he most assuredly would not have maintained for ten minutes. Whether he felt as sure about this silence when he reached home and found Lady Gertrude looking pale and some what red about her pretty eyes, is doubt ful. But he could not learn the cause of her de pression. She would not give her new sus picion words, it was as yet too young to be altogether a tangible form ; she must wait and watch. ? 'Meantime she was tender and loving to her Clement. She would not bo prejudiced against him simply on Pierce Yaughan's testi mony, for, womanlike, though when absent she had almost believed him false, no sooner did she look into his face than her heart went forth to him and seemed to tell her that he was true. Still from that hour henceforth their rela tions must be somewhat strained, and, how ever much tenderness for each other might at times bubble up into their hearts, yet the ghost would never be laid. On the table in the library, near whero Lady Gertrude sat, some letters had been placed by the footman, when he removed the tea. They were all addressed to Sir Cle ment, and one of them was in the handwriting of Lisbeth Glendinning. At first Sir Clement guiltily thought that this letter might have occasioned his wife's trouble, that she had recognised Beta's writing. He tore it open, angry with Lisbeth for sending to him thus openly, but having read this'missive his brow cleared and he tossed it to to Lady Gertrude! CHAPTER VIII. A Hornet's Nest. It troubled Lisbeth nut a little that she should so inopportunely have met Piorce Vaughan. What might- notthe consequences be, if he should tell Clement that he had seen her coming out of a restaurant with Sir Miles Berkeley, and yet in truth there was not the slightest harm in what she had been doing. She had only once spoken to Pierce Vaughan—on the occasion he had called at the cottage in Coleshill, but she knew him very well by sight and like Lady Gertrude, slie was a little bit afraid of him. Goodness knows they both had very good cause for fe3r, but for a very different cause to any they suspected. They thought him sneering and hard, but failed to see that he was also crafty and false. The usual cold smile deepened on his face when he found Lisbeth and Sir Miles so un expectedly together. He was not likely to let such an opportunity escape of course. He stopped to speak to them though they would bath gladly have avoided him. Sir Miles was quite as much annoyed as Lisbeth, since he had learnt to regard Pierce Vaughan as a rival, and all being fair in love and war, thought it probable that a highly colored picture of this meeting would in all probability bs pn.ir.tcd for the edification of Miss Elvira Delane. Stupid and sheepish as Sir Miles wa3 always considered, he had taken Pierce Vaughan's measure much more accurately than had any of female his acquaintances. The reason, perhaps, was that Sir Miles, acting executor for Sir Loui3 Dunraven's will had been brought into business relations with Vaughan and had thus "had an opportunity of seeing the real man unmasked. There was no time, however, for character analysis now, they must faco the situation as well as they could, and since Pierce Vaughan elected to stop and speak, they must seem well-pleased to see him and be as much at' their ease as possible. It was on Lisbeth that lie bestowed the greatest amount of attention. 'Ah, Miss Glendinning I am so glad to have met you. I went to the cottage one day to enquire after you but the bird had flown.' I left after grandfather died. I wanted a little change, I am going back to- morrow or the next day, however,' said Lisbeth, coloring.-. ' And where are you staying in London ? I should like to call and tell you all the Coles hill news, though I have no doubt Sir Miles has forestalled me.' ' Oh, far away from here, in a low slum, not fit for a p-entleman,' said Lisbeth, so anxious to put him off coming that she over did her part. If it ia good' enough for you it is aurely good enough for me,' answered Vaughan, with intense politeness. Lisbeth wa3 thus driven into a corner but she stood at bay. 1 Really Mr. Vaughan I would rather you did not call, I am sbsying with an old cousin who is fractious and particular. She, dislikes, what she calls 'followers'; besides I am leav ing to-morrow.' 'You have had enough of her fraetiensness,' said Yaughan, laughing. ' Well, I shall look forward to seeing you at Coleshill ; I suppose I may call there.' 1 If you wi3h, but I do not see why you should care to do so.' ' I should be much wanting in good taste did I not care. And why should you credit me with less anxiety to be charmed by you than—my good friend Berkeley and—some others I could name were I not discreet.' Lisbeth's handsome face became crmson as a glorious peony. She was only lowly-\\->om, but the exceed ing bad taste of Pierce Vaughan's allusions jarred upon her, till she felt that she posi tively hated him. ' Good morning. Mr. Vaughan, the less wo meet in the future the better I shall be pleased,' she said, drawing herself up with the dignity of an injured queen. It was liia turn to stammer and redden when he s^w that he had overshot his mark, and that there was a beaming look of satis faction on Sir Miles' honest face which 'riled' him not a little. Honesty in this instance had triumphed orcrcraft. Yet, was it wise of either Sir Miles or Lisboth, to make a bitter enemy of or establish open war with, Pierce Vaushan. In some respects perhaps they were right. 4n open enemy is lest to be dreaded than n false friend; but Pearcewasnot a man who would readily acknowledge himself to be an enemy. It was far more of his nature to gloss over a seeming Blight and pro fess friendship where ho felt utter hatred, so that he might have the chance of stabbing unawares. He had of course sufficient tact to sec that it was no longer desirable that he should thrust his society on Lisbeth; he therefore made a feint of retiring gracefully, though it wa3 his intention to play detectivo and find out as much about her affairs as he could. Ho went into a shop'in the immediate neighborhood of Oxford Circus and lingered abuut, until he saw Sir Miles put Lisbeth into an ominibus bound city-wards and then walk off in a different direction. As soon as he was fairly out of sight, Mr. Yaughan hailed- a hansom and told the cab man to keep that par ticular omnibus so in sight that he could see who got out, pro mising him a sovereign if he did his work aplly and efficaciously. It w»a a long tiresome drive, and onca or twice Picrco must assuredly have been ob served, had uoi Liaboth been, as sho fre quently was, in a brown study. The events of the day had crowded bo thickly upon her that she was striving to sort and arrango them, in order if possible to make her future plans. Sho doubted the wisdom of leaving Lisa aiid Mrs. Ellis, yet. where would the babe be so loved_ and cared, for, if - it was, in obedience to Clement's ■wishes, to. be parted from her. \- Clomont had said that- there wag someono to bo feared, could he mean Pierco Vaughan? The meeting of to-day made her horribly afraid that he did mean so. When the moment arrived for her to alight from the omnibus she got out with out having tho faintest notion of Pierce Yaughan's vicinity. .. . _ Ho tossed the promised sovereign to the cabby aiid alighted to follow her. This W3s not difficult, so she walked on briskly with out once looking round. He saw her enter Mrs. Ellis'humble abode by means of a latch-key, and then he strolled away, finally taking another hansom and driv ing to his rooms in the Temple. He had learnt all. ho wanted to know for one day. His information had cost him a sovereign ; was it worth it ? He thought so since he ex pected he would thus bs able to ascertain what Lisbeth had been doing in London. ' Occasion,' however, wa are told, ' turneth a bald noddle when it presents its locks and no hold is taken.' Pierce Vaughan found other matters to en gross his attention for awhile, - thus he missed his occasion, and the question was, when would he find it again ? Lisbeth^wont-into -the front parlor which was Mifs. Ellis' sanctum, but except little Lisa, who was sleeping happily in her cradle, there was no one there. Before sho called out to Mrs. Ellis she stooped'to fondle her child and shed two or three scalding tear3 on its brow at the thought that they were so soon to be parted. This half awoke the baby who began to whimper. While she was soothing it back to - sleep she thought she heard a strange gurgling sound proceeding from the inner room. She went in at once, the baby in her arms, to find Mrs. Ellis lying on the floor. She had apparently had a fit and seemed to be dying. Lisboth tossed the child on the bed, ran for some-water and tried to rouse her. But in vain ; the gurgle she had heard wa3 the last symptons of life, in was now extinct. She called loudly for assistance, and the loggers! came flocking in, but to stand wring ing their hands in dismay was all they could do. j The first shock over, everyone wondered what would follow. The mistress of the house was dead, aud as far as they knew their wa3 no heir. j Gould.it be possible that Lisbeth Glendin i ning, this cousin of whom no one had heard a few months back, would take possession of the house and its inmates 1 But Lisbeth felt no right of proprietorship, nor had she any intention of asserting any. She was not sure that Mrs. Ellis had not a son out in some foreign land, of whom she never spoke, anyway, she was fully aware that she had ..a brother, since she had talked about him more than once during Lis beth's visit. She took it upon herself, however, to order the funeral, and for that she felt it was her duty to remain at whatever cost. That event over, she intended to go quietly away, say ing nothing to anyone and as far as possible, leaving no trace behind her. So engrossed was sho with the longing to get away that this absorbed and crushed dosvn every other thought and made her regret, over the death of the cousin who had befriended her wheu she was in trouble, very much less than it would otherwise have been. In fact she appeared so callous and indifferent to the sad event which had so suddenly cast the whole house into mourning, that evil tongues began to wag and nasty, little unpleasant questions were being asked, as to whether Mrs. Ellis' death had occurred entirely by natural causes and whether this unknown Lisbeth Ellis—as she. .was called- here—had not a very strong reason for being glad she was out of the world. By the time the day of the funeral had arrived the talk had grown so much more daring, that if Pierce Yaughan had chanced to look in, there is no doubt but that he would have heard things ho little expected about Lisbeth, though in reality no one could have refuted any charge brought against her in this matter, more easily than Pierce "Vaughnn himself, since he looked at his watch as he walked down the City-road and the inmates of the house well knew the hour at which Mrs. Ellis died. The inmates all felt certain that she was going tb take possession of them and of the house, and several of them resolved to give notice, they would not st&y; under her die-1 tatorship. ■ ' The 'place was in a condition of positive "mutiny, the only person ignorant of what was going on, was as usual the person most concerned, Lisbeth herself. She looked too as innocent as she wa3 ignorant, which provoked those who were taking Sides against her not a little. Only: wait until the funeral iwas over, it would not be decent to speak while that poor dead woman was in the house—and then they would let this Lisbeth know what they thought of her and her ways.' ' ■ As was expected no relations put in an ap pearance for the very good reason that there were none in England, and Lisbeth quietly arid humbly played the part of chief mourner. She spoke very little to those inmates of the house who, having donned such mourn ing as they could scrape together had elected to follow Mrs. Ellis to her last resting place ; and on'her return Lisbeth shut herself into the front parlour ' to have a quiet cup of tea,' as she said. ' To ;make her plans, ' as the gossips up stairs decided,_and in .this they were right, only Lisbeth plans were scarcelyin accordance with their nre-conceived ideas. They would give her an hoar, quite long enough for tea and rest, then they -would have it out with her about the future. It almost seemed as if Lisbeth knew she was in a hornet's nest, for no sooner was the parlour door closed on her, than she dressed littla Lisa ; her modest wardrobe and the child's had already been packed in a bundle unknown to the lodgers, keenly though they had watched her, and long before the hour they had given her, was up, like Hagarof old Lisbeth and her child had gone fortli to seek their fortune. Lisbeth had not beer, idle in the few days that had passed since Mrs. Ellis' death. She had written to Cloment telling him what had occurred and assuring him that she would obey him in all things. In reply to this he had sent her a remit tance so that she was no longer crippled as to her actions. Meantime she found in a healthy cottage at Hampstead a motherly woman with whom she thought she might safely place little Lisa for a time, and, her bundle on one arm and the baby on the other she walked quietly away without informing anyone of her intentions or leaving any address be hind. Kor .va3 it likely that she would be easily traced, since the name of Glendinning had never been mentioned while she was under Mrs. Ellis' roof. On enquiries being made as to who she was, the old lady had invari ably replied that she was a cousin of her late hus band, the reality being that she was her own niece. The inference then was that her name was Ellis but no one had known this tor certain, .vhile the wedding-ring she always wore and old Mrs. Ellis' well-established character for respectability prevented any suspicion being thrown on that part of Lis beth's life which would in reality have touched her the nearest. Even when the gossips found she was gone, they could not disposses themselves of the idea that she would return to establish her self as mistress of the City Road lodging house, so imbued were they with the notion that for this she had been working ever since she name there. But when several day3 passed and no sign was received from the absent Lisbeth and no one came to claim such property as Mr3. Ellis had loft, the lodgers wero alto gether bewildered. Very true is it that those present in the llesh are often accounted sinners who when absent become saints. Thus it was with Lisbeth. ' How much more comfortable it would be to have a mistress to the house, and she was a tidy, decent, young woman, everything would have worked so well under her guidance. Of course some chatterbox had told her what thoy had been saying and that was Iwhy she went away. How strange it was that people could not keep their tongues between thoi- teeth.' , This and much more of a like nature was buivsg repeated ovor and over again -when someone chanced to buy a daiiy paper. I'ouhiud wci'G not *•■*' plentiful ill Llio City Road establishment a3 to render this a usual luxury. There was an advertisement in this paper, that fairly took away the breath of the first parson who chanced on it. A firm of lawyers who had thoir offices in the neighbourhood were advertising for the nest of kia to Elizabeth Ellis—bora Glen dimiing. Everyone wondered what vroald be the out come of thus publicly calling attention to affairs in the City Road, and an event in connection with it occurred much sooner than they expected. It was a miserable afternoon, a drizzling rain was falling and it was growingdsrk, when a ring at the door-bell that awoke the echo's, pealed through the houseand was immediately followed by a loud single knock. The person who was nearest at hand answered the summons and without asking any questions a man strode into the passage. ' • What do you want ?' demanded the woman ■ who had opened v.he door and who was shrewish and shrill of tongue. ' My rights,' was the terse reply. 'Indeed, and what may they be?' ' This 'ero place belongs to me—her as is doad was my 3ister.' This statement brought several of the other inmates who had been listening on the stairs, forward to look at the new proprietor. He would not stand investigation and at the same timo command confidence. He was an ill-looking man of about fifty, with a shaggy beard and long unkempt hair. But the most unpleasant part of his face was his eyes, which were bloodshot and savage and, while they looked you through aud through, made you shudder, as yon feltjthere was no crime from which he would turn if it were mads worth while for him to commit it. In clothes and general appearance he was shabby genteel. He had no pretensions ,, to being a gentleman, but at the same time did not apparently belong to the dregs of the peop;o. It goes without saying that the inmates of the City Road lodging house were verydisin clined to accept this man as a landlord, and were strongly imbued with the idea that he was an impostor andja blackguard, -who had been Attracted by the advertisement and waa trying it on. He stated that his name was James Glen dinning and he declined in toto to berefered to the firm of lawyers in the adjacent street, ' they might fetch whom they pleased to look at him,' he said, ' but he should go tramping to please nobody, ' and into the house as master he intended to come. Nor did he give them the chanceofprevent ing him, for before they had collected their considerably scattered senses, he had pushed his way into the little passage and closed the outer door. In fact he was already in the parlour look ing round him, before anyone had time to speak. 'Yes that's my sister,'he said, pointing to a photograph on the mantel-shelf, ' and that's her husband—dead and gone this ten years. He wasn't oyer civil to me so I don't regret him.' This and various other odds and ends that he happened to recognize led them at last to believe that this dreadful man, was, at all events, some relation to the dead woman. They asked him if he knew Lisbeth—' her as was a cousin of the dead Ellis ?' He was silent for a minute and then muttered. 'Lisbeth. Taint more than two Lisbeths as I have known in my life—but no Ellis.' - After this he did not seem inclined to talk any more, but made himself quite at home by sitting down in sn arm-chair, and taking a shot clay pipe from his pocket began to smoke. Without letting hire, know one of them had slipped out surreptitiously and gone round to the lawyer's, and in less than ten minutes a sleek gentleman arrived and interviewed the new-comer. To the annoyance of everyone the interview was a tete-a-tete and the result was that the so-called James Glendinning was not dis possessed, though it was givenout that several formula must be gone through before he could receive rents and be thoroughly, accepted as the new master. Into one liked either him or the idea of liv ing under his rule, but they were all to much afraid of him to make any noisy objections. They decided that they would get away uietly, and certainly his coming had the effect of silencing scandalous tongues. This atate of affiiirs went on for a week:. Lawyers, proverbially slow, did not hurry themselves unnecessarily because a house in the Oity Road was in question, and the new comer was maater in name if not yet in reality. To hang aboufc smoking a pipe in his shirt sleeves was his usual occupation, the mono tony of which was varied at times by attend ing to the door—this he seemed to think his especial province. He was sitting one day in his arm chair, wreathed in smoke; when a very'decided West-End double knock came at- the door, accompanied by a sharp ring at the bell. ' Bless my stars. The Prince of Wales,: his' very self, one would think by the clamor,' said the man, as he shambled along in his slippered feet. A gentleman, stich as the. neighborhood seldom saw, asked if Miss Glendinning were at home, and the new master;of the crowded lodging'honso and Pierce Vaughan stood faca to face. ( To be continued.) 