'The storyteller. yjjjjlPJjEMORE'S HERIT AGE, (Continued from Wtiiutday'i issue.) CHAPTER XXV1I1— (Coiiffriiwrf.) jMi Nowtown kept his word, and took him ,71* in ? very despondent mood, next morn 'no- Mid then Lillui had to bear tbe brunt ot Ur 'lather's displeasure. Mr ffartopp wag excessively disappointed. He bid flattered himself that a heart at the re bound would be easily won, and lie believed that Lilian was just in the state of mind— after in unfortunate BHacuinein— iu umbiub m.tcii be desired He had represented the urKOnoy ol the cast* lo himself over and over again, and he forgot that his daughter could not look at it from tbe [.mi view-point. Here was an opportunity of osoape from the impending storm : let his daughter's be both but Etfely provided for by advantageous marriages, ind the storm might bunt : he had brought himself to this. He might make terms with the young heir; he was growing an old man, and his health was breaking up ; he might be permitted to retain the estates for his life. The world voold hardly visit upon him the mistake it vould easily believe he had, all unconsciously, Bide. How could he have suspected his brother's marriage and the existence of an heir of tbe elder branch, carefully concealed as these circumstances had been from him? Mr. Hartopp was beginning to recover from the first shock of discovery, and |p plan and plot, as his ever-active, fertile brain had always been accustomed to do, in order to be prepared for tbe worst. Bat Lilian's obstinate throwing away of the brilliant chance within her very grasp defeated tbe first part of Mr. Hartopp's calculations, and Otde him desperately angry. Could she have obtained any inkling of General Wendham'e mission ? Could she be looking back after her Did love, and holding on to that folly, when time, too, was so precious ? He oould not keep bis temper with her. He was not at ail moved by the tearful entreaty : ' Dear papa, let me stay with you and mamma -that is all I want. I do not want to be mimed. I am more than content to remain with yon.' 'Do you know,' asked her father, ' that you hire thrown away one of the best matches of the year? Do you Know, too, that with my failing health, the time is coming when you may regret what you valuie so lightly now ?' 'I an not afraid,' she answered, smiling through ber tears. 'There can be no regret equal to that of an nnhappy marriage.' ' It need not be unhappy,' replied Mr. Har topp. 'Newtown is just the sort of young fellow you can do as you like with— mould him as you will. You have missed the chance of making him a really valuable member of society. He is good-tempered and liberal, and exceed ingly attached to you. His manners may savour a little of tbe stable, perhaps ; but you could mend that in three months. And if he is not particularly clever, he would appreciate you, as his wife, all the more. For my part, I cannot imagine a marriage promising more than this in position, facility nf disposition, temper — all that really goes to make a woman happy.' 'I am sorry I cannot please you in this matter,' Lilian said, dutifully ; ' but I do not intend to marry.' ' Then what do you suppose is to become of yon?' cried her father, irritated beyond his utmost self-control. 'I— I don't know,'' stammered Lily, aghast Marriage had never presented itself to her as a necessity, and she was bewildered at this view. She had thought of - it as the happy crowning of a faithful love, or, failing this, as the worst and most intolerable bondage to which the loneliest lot would he infinitely pre ferable. Marriage for ambition was to her im possible ; she shuddered at the thought of Lord Xertown in that relation ; and that her father should press bim on her as he had done, struck her with a chill sense of cruel desertion. Could parents use their power and influence to make their children wretched ? Did tbey care so little for them after all ? She fled away to her own room and wept desolate tears. Hilary had so easily surrendered her, and the home of her childhood and youth seemed to be thrusting her forth ; what oould she do? CHAPTER XXIX. In the meantime Nora was reigning like a queen atCombe. She was throwing herself into the old pleasures and triumphs with the feverish test and eagerness of one who feels that the neit hour may be her last of enjoyment. With the late of tbe forgotten St. C Lairs before her eye: she was determined to make the most of tbe time and opportunities yet spared her. She ns the life and spirit of the country-house : no could complain thai year of dullness at Combe. Grace Hervey, who loved and admired Nora with all her heart, and interested herself in ber establishment in life as young married Wies are adt to do on behalf of their unmarried friends, triumphed in all Nora's euocesses. 'What are you going to do with the Duke whispered Grace, archly, as she promenaded the long, lighted conservatory arm-in-arm with her eoest, whilst tbe gentlemen lingered in the tang-room. '?How can I tell?' answered Nora, lightly, u she stopped to fasten a spray of sweet scented crimson bells in ber friend's dark hair. ' My dear,' answered Grace, ' he is at your ™'. as all the world can see, in spite of his efforts to hide it. And Lady Waterwood is ejing of jealousy. And I have set my heart on seeing you a duchess. Won't it be delightful «- have you down here at Townley ? I am en ruptured at the thought.' 'Hush 1' exclaimed Nora, putting her fingers ove' ™ other's mouth. ' Here comos ? all the world.' ' 'Tell me, then, before they oome,' laughed wace. 'What are you going to do with him?' , .j ,ra ^sked herself tbe lame question as she jwil herself down in her bed that night. The , . ® soft, studied compliments were sounding her ears— the courtly flatteries which con ? rated bin wooing : Nora contrasted them with 'J1!'1; honest passion of poor Charlie's in the contrast, resented the great * pretensions. ' .am young, and gay, and handsome,' said ? bitterly, 'and I shall do honour to n,, f ,?'.ce*.lln^ adorn the position he can give 18 all. I, suit him, in fact, as any But fir10.? which he can purchase suits him. tJP °J&er; $00t fellow loves sue. and I— oh ! buri-:»'u^ l ,eJ' ^ broke out, suddenly, }mg her head in (the pillow, ' I lore you !' idlcUr? ®-' ®S l'a'' 10 her then In the silcnoe the ul'i 1? ? 1 '-Bht ; she shrank so from silent! 'Heton °' 'i'e hidden behind the that „?°r an^ Rfandeur of the ducal coronet ; sweet Ji',1? irue 'ovo lured her witb such both «tjS!lper?2 Prorata ! But between tbem Z'ff a 'bfeatening image, driving her ene nicm« J f r°se -coloured cloudland of the other tn tu 'k® Bray, dun shadows of tbe itihn'ttJi i one.' eom')re -«»4 unattractive as in the ,8alel? '-1 tbe world's honour, knew «-,„!,!' , j 1. too shame of wbicb Nora 'io secnnfli0?' Peouliarly susceptible. For 'Uinat flme 'iod out and protested ;t » position 3®' 0rU6J £ate whiflb had 8'ven ''restoi till, J? ?jeitRe, 08 80 different from ? all ii,. ''dtwhiohhadtakenheroutside -iould ,h« -£mmo° cou'!e things. Why ''reatof ii!?/0 t®mpted trled wben tlle rice Hervi. ? 80 'noothly and easily for ' It wilUmi 1 embody else ? ' 'mat end i?®°£ B TV wlclt0lJ wolnan— «giii to sea \ criad' ««entfully. ' I -iiey ate tSn»wi 'f®?1 orlminals are made, '?natural i?J? out all tip rest by some i^o^ in?;an,dvin with it, lines, th^nr,!? ! Baem to us unnatural 0011801 itifv sophistry enough to -'^uther. cn wWoh was closing In i«'J u hore®1' through the WMe in tbe morning witb tbe tang of her unrest burning in crimson beauty in her cheeks and flashing in her eyes. There was a meet of the Westshlre hounds that morning, and the Combe party, after riding to it, were to return to luncheon at Townley Abbey. The Duko mot his guests at the * throw off,' and rode baok to them at the Abbey. Mora waa a splendid horsewoman, and she was mounted on a beautiful Arab whioh the Duke had sent from his own stables for her use. The gentteihen of the party gathered around her, listening to 4he brilliant flow of her wit, dassled by her resplendent beauty. The Duke held himself apart from the eager court whioh sur rounded the queen of the day. Only Mora saw and resented a sort of oalm confident smile with whioh he surveyed ber escort. ' I am biding my tinio,' Nora road in his eyes : ' t have only to go in and win when it pleases me.' 'How I hate him!' thought Nora, as the thoroughbred started under her hand And bore her swiftly out of flight of the exasperating smile. 'That girl is showing herself iu her true colours to-day,' thought Lady Waterwood. as Nora and her attendant bandof cavaliers dashed past the barouehe in which hor ladyship was seated, their gay laughter borne back on the wind, 41 and the Duke seems to see through her too. After alt, he is a man of sense and die* crimination, although, like the rest, he has weak momenta, when he is a little daezled by all that elaborate fascination.' The Duke was riding soberly along by Blanche's side, uttering and answering polite platitudes, and never casting a glanoe after 41 the handsome witch,' as Colonel Bervey sometiniAs called Kora Only once later in the morning be found himseU, by what seemed pure accident, for a moment alone by her side. She turned her glowing face and sparkling eyes upon htm. 44 It has been a glorious ride,' said she, breathlessly. 44 And you are~if you will allow me to say it —in such glorious spirits, Miss Hartopp,' he answered. 44 Do you know wlmt a Scotchman would say of you now ?' ' Thaw am, t suppose, in that state of intoxi cation of gaiety, which they say, fortells death ?' 44 Not death,' said be, quickly. 44 What have the bright and beautiful to do with sueh a ghastly thing as death ? No ; I should rather say that you are on the verge of a crisis— a transformation, let roe call it.' She stared at him blankly for an instant. What did he know? Had he heard of that terrible change whiob threatened ber ? She bad no thoughts left save for this ; sbe did not see i how the Duke was preparing the way gracefully for himself. He had something very pretty all ready to say about the chrysalis of white satin and lace out of which young ladies flutte^gd, brilliant-winged, into the fullblown glories of i matronbood, when Nora's blank face startled | him. ^ ! 44 You are tffed,' said he; 4-you have ridden j too fast. Shall we call a halt, and rest awhile I under the trees ?' j ?? Not for the world,' she answered, recover- ' ing herself, and touching her horse with the | whip, so that he bounded forward like a shot to , rejoin the rest. She began to be conscious of another danger —tbe danger ot having to make a decision. And sbe was not ready for that yet. The tyrant within her breast had not yet set her free. Tbe Duke's hospitality that day was splendid, and the magnificent old place over which he reigned like a prince, showed to tbe greatest advantage io the clear, bright, frost-touched Ught of a lovely autumn day. The grand old trees stood like ancestral | giants crowned each with a halo of crimson and gold, the last reflection of summer's gorgeous splendour, guarding in solemn state the grand old pile, which had towered above them when they were bot saplings— oenturies ago. Towneley was one of the finest of those palaces of the English nobility which stand here and there like monuments of wealth and traditional power all over the land ; and the Duke, with an ostentation very anusual to him, 6eemed deter mined that day to impress bis guests with his state and grandeur. He led them through the fine picture-galleries into the quaint little Tudor chapel, rich with stained glass and carving, and filled with memorials of his race—past the fine old banquetting-hall set round with suits of armour which had been worn by his crusader ancestors, and tapestried with banners from many a later field of honour. 44 It's a glorious old place,' Gruce Hervey repeated more than once to Kora, 44 and tbe Duke is determined you shaft miss none of its splendour. To be mistress of such a home as this, and to be incorporated with such traditions, is something to have lived for. Surely you can not resist it! I couldn't myself— that is, sup posing my own dear Colonel - bless him ! — did not bar the way.' Grace was tbe happiest wife in the world, yet she thought her friend could be well off with another sort of happiness than her own. 14 Yes, it is all very fine,' assented Nora, » but ? ' 4,But what?' 44 1 believe you are best off with your Colonel,' concluded her friend gazing away out of the window. 41 Good gracious!' thought Grace, as she caught the shadow which flitted swiftly over Nora's face, and changcd its brightness to an almost haggard gloom. 44 Haa she got a Colonel of her own ? That would be horribly vexatious, and 6poil all.' Tbe two ladies were sipping tbeir coffee on the tapestried seat of one of the deep-embrasured windows looking over the park and old-fasbioned plesaunce. Tbe Duke sauntered up to them. 44 What treason are you two fair ladies plot ting?' asked he gallantly. 44 We are two traitors!' replied Grace. 44 We are only envying you a little bit. It must be 60 enchanting to live injoak-panelled galleries, and to sit always on tapestried cushions. It has made me horribly dissatisfied witb my vulgar ormolu and satin damask. What is Lady Waterwood examining over there?— -old china? I have a perfect mania for old china.' And she flitted away, leaving the Duke stand ing alone before Nora. 41 Is it possible,' said he, in a low voice, | 44 that there oan be any question of envy where ! such a forlorn, lonely man as I am concerned ? I Miss Hartopp, my highest ambition would be I attained if, instead of envy, I could hope to | excite your compassion— the pity tbat is akin to— what I dare not presume even to hope for yet' Nora's bead was turned away : she was look ing out over tbe park, where the gray mists of : the early autumn evening were draping the trees as regal ghosts in 8 cold, dreary dominion. 44 Must I, then, remain bopcleBS?' the Duke bent forward to whisper. . 44 Your Grace can command your own destiny,' . answered Nora, turning towards him, and drop I ping her long dark lashes over hei burning cheeks. And then she looked up, and saw Lady Water wood standing at the ontranco of the recess, with a big china bowl in hor hand. 44 1 am dying to know tbe date of this,' spoke her ladyship, addressing the master of the house. 44 It's the most exquisite thing I ever saw in my life ; but then your Grace has such a magnifi oent collection. Is it Oriental or old English ?' The Du)se gave his attention to the interest ing eubjeot, and Nora made good her escape nook to the shelter of Grace's wing. It was a dangerous shelter for her, for the young matron was still Joud in the laudation of Towneley, and enthusiastic In her admiration of its master. 41 The Colonel was saying only yesterday that he is tbe youngest-looking man of bis age he knows ; and then his breeding is perfeot, sbe said. Then the carriages wero announced, and tbe party broke up. , . ' You roturn to Merewilton to-morrow, Lady Waterwood has been telling me,' remarked the Duke, as he handed Nora into Grace's own little private brougbaam. ' Yes, I go to-morrow,' replied Nora. ?' Thanks, I am not cold,' as the attentive cavalier, leant forward to arrange the fur rug over her knees. , , 'I hope to be at Merewilton myself early next week,11 spoke tbe Duke— 41 that is, H I have '°BSw^wM°lookInp seduoujly out of tbo window at her own side, and Nora was silent. 'May I eomet' whispered hi) Grace, soft | and loir, Info tbe obiourBy ol tbe twugUbwa, ' Ye-s,' answered Nora, from the dim shelter of her corner. And then tho Duke draw back on to the stone step, and raised his hat with a a courteous ' Good- nlgbt,' whioh sounded in no wise diffo rent! rom that with whioh he had dismissed Lady Waterwood a minute sooner, or from the doaen orso which afterwards speeded the other guests. Grace Hervoy oooupied herself in watching tbe stars come out one by one in the doep blue frosty sky, and maintained a discreet silenee until the carriage drove up at the hospitable door of Combe. The Colonel, who had returned home early in the afternoon to attend to some magisterial holiness, handed the two ladies out and into tbe lighted hall ; and then Grace looked curi ously but cautiously at her friend. But Nora's face revealed nothing. She shivered a littlo, and walked up to tho large tire, and held her hands over the blaze. ' How cold it is I' said she. And Grace, who had boen very anugly tucked up and warm during the drive, wondered a little to hear it. Grace was in Nora's room early next morning, sitting curled up on the foot of the bed, looking very fresh and pretty in her dressing-wrapper of rose-coloured cashmere, and prepared fot 'a nice, comfortable chat.' But Nora was sleepy, or cross, or something, and Grace felt her friendly eagerness very much chilled and re Eulsed. She was too much a lady to question er friend against her will, and yet she did so want to know ' all about it.' She could have sworn it waa all settled in that whispered fare well. But the question was, how was it settled? Grace was burning to know, but Nora would only open her eyes tn grunt out a few sleepy syl lables, and the tantalising mystery remained un solved. Grace went back to her own room at last in despair, and performed her own morning's toilet in a comical state of fermenting curiosity and impatience, at which her husband laughed when she lingered for a few minutes in his dress ing-room before going downstairs in order to pour out heraccumulated wonder aud disappointment. ' Curiosity is feminine in all languages,' said he. 'But you want to know yourself dreadfully — you can't deny it,' asserted his wife. ' I can exist without the knowledge,' replied the superior creature, man. ' I can't,' potestcd the lady. ' She won't have refused him, surely, after yesterday and all ' I should say she had,' asserted the Colonel, gravely. ' How can you think so ? You tiresome, teasing creature I' cried his wife. ' Well, consulting the probabilities,' replied the husband. ' I should certainly think she had said ' no. ' ' If it had been ' yes,' she would have told yoa ; she wouldn't have been sleepy this morning. As it is, she is rather afraid of a scolding from you ; perhaps she is a little sorry on her own account : people generally are when they have let a good thing go.' ' I don't agree with you at all. Girls are not a bit ashsmed of refusing a man. Why should tliey be ? It's when they have accepted, that they feel sby. 1 believe Nora was just shy, and nothing else, this morning.' ' My love, I bow to your superior knowledge of your own Hex — I'll how to anything, in fact, if you'll let if s go down to breakfast : I'm as hungry as a hunter. Only,' he added, mis chievously, turning upon her at the breakfast room door, ' I'll bet you ten to one she has de clined the honour, et cietera, ct cu'tera-' 'I'll take -it,' answered Grace, excitedly. ' Ten to one you 6aid , remember. And HI take it out in diamond ear-rings ?' ' What is that ?' asked Lady Waterwood, as the two entered the room together, laughing. ' What is that about diamond ear- rings?' The Dowager's heart began to beat. Conld it be all settled ? and could the Duke have given that forward, intriguing girl a present of dia mond ear- rings already ? The Colonel reassured her. ' It is a bet between my wife and myself,' he exclaimed, ' She gets most of her jewellery in that way. If I lose, I give her the ear-rings, and if she loses, sbe gives them to me, and I return her the useless articles. It's not a bad idea. I recommend it to your attention,' ad dressing Blanche. Lady Waterwood breathed again, and applied herself with appetite to her breakfast. (Tn be continued in Wednetday'i issue.) 