[COXTIXUEtt FROM SATURDAY'S ISSCU.] COPYRIGHT.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ITjSTDER THE SHADOW OF CRIME, OR, THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAVEN. a A THRILLING STORY OF DEEP INTEREST, By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of "A Gihl in* a Thousand, " 'Sealed by a Kiss," "ByF.uk Means," "Touch and Go." etc. CHAPTER XXIX. A CLOSE SHAVE. The Coleshill railway station was in an unusual state of fuss and flutter. An up-train and a down-train were in at the same time, owing to a slight accident having taken piace and causing a block 011 the line farther on. Consequently the couple of porters, who wore quite enough for ordinary requirements, found themselves perfectly inadequate to cope with the incoming and outgoing travellers and their luggage, especially as among the latter were Sir Clement and Lady Gertrude Dunraven, starting for the foreign tour which had been so otrongly urged be.Lli by Dr. "Watson and Lisbeth Glendinning. At first it had been a difficult matter to move Lady Gertrude away from the iittie baby's grave, but after much persuasion and telling her it was for Sir Clement's sake, she con sented to go. Having done so, womanlike, she was in an immense hurry to be oil, and, as she said, got away from a place where, since the day she had been brought home on account of Sir Louis' death, even before her honeymoon hau commenced, there bad been nothing but misery and sorrow. All the fuss and commotion at the station did not serve to raise Lady Gertrude's spirits. 1 An accident,' she said, ' always trouble whereever we fro, it really is most strange, and she beear to cry, in fact she would have broken (Sown altogether had not Lis'ooth's cheary tones kept her up, Lisbeth and Sir Miles Berkeley had come to tho station to see them 6ff, in fact, Sir Miles intended to do even more, for he said lie would accompany them to Loudon and start thera ne::t day by the Cover express. ' Will you not come, too !! Lady Gertrude had asked. ' It will be so good for Clein to have you.' But Sir Miles replied that he had some business to atteud to, later on he would come, he could not get away just yet. Tho fact was that at la'it he had had a conversation with Sir Clement about Elvira Delano's letter, and they had decided that it would be better for Sir Clement to find out how the land lay, and send him word as to Elvira's mood before lie put in an appearance, lie might lose all his chance by following ' her up too closely. At last ?!i the lassaso v::i3 jr. the van, uud the train moved slowly out of the station r.s Lisbeth, the tears in her eyes, stood alone watching. She was glad they had gone away for awhile ; it was ?. relief in many ways, yet at the same time she could not help regretting the departure, and wondoring when, or over, the threads of their lives would be re united. Then she went slowly up the steps in order to cross the line, the town being at the back of the down station. On the platform she found quite a crowd of people, many of them acquaintances, for it was market-day in ColeBliill, and all the neighbourhood round was more or less on the alert. Ever since Lisbeth had turned the cottage into a ' Home' she wore more or less tho garb of a nurse, thinking it made her look older and of more importance. A blue serge dress and long cloak to match, and a closely-fitting bonnet with a long blue gauze veil, which she invariably pulled down over her face— was now her unaltered costume. She had intended to wear black, bub Sir Clement had set him self so resolutely against it. that to please him she had moderated the rigour of her appear ance. It mattered very little to her what she wore so long as people did not know how wretched she felt. It was in order that they should not read this 011 hsr face, which she would fain keep concealed, that the blue veil was always down, especially when business took her into Coleshill. As it was, the gossips said you would scarcely known Lisbeth for the same person. She had grown so matronly, and looked ten years older during the last few months. Of course it was all put down to her father hav ing been tried for murder. She got through the little crowd at the station as quickly as she could, conversing with her acquaintances as civilly but as curtly a3 possible; then she went through the ticket office out into the road. There was a burly red- faced man in a soft wideawake, standing so close to the door that she had to push past him in order to get out. Having done so she looked back. "Where had she seen him before'? He was the clergyman who had married her to Clement Dunraven. What was he doing there ? Why he had come all the way from Yorkshire to haunt that particular spot 1 Would he recognise her? Had she not better hurrj' away as fast as she could. But an unaccountable fascination seemed to detain her, and her limbs felt as if they would not obey her will. Attracted perhaps by her liaviug looked at him, or drawn to her by some occult power, JIr. Singleton, for it was indeed lie, went up to her. ' You are a nurse, I see, by your dress. Perhaps you will kindly give me a little in formation for which I am seeking.' Lisbeth bowed her head, but did uot speak, nor did she attempt to pass on. ' ijC'uiCI! Cil&C; liiiC uliOLllu uiiSYYOl' 1 uiu ti'lHU for another to do so,'she thought. 'Dosem* Si?. Clement Danravcn live in this immediate neighborhood V ' He does. At Aboyne Court.' It was with the greatest difficulty that she kept her voice steady as she replied. ' How far is it from here ?' ' About three miles. But you will not see Sir Clement. He has started for the Continent by the train which left a few minutes ago.' And the knowledge that Sir Clement was gone made Lisbeth feel braver, especially as Mr. Singleton did not appear to recogniso her. ' How v»ry unfortunate. I mis3cd him in town a few weeks ago, and now I havo just missed him aguln ' Do yoM want to see him so very par ticularly V ' I do. I have an idea that I knew him once, and if so I should like to renew the acqunint-mco, I suppose you know him, as you live in these parts 1' ' I hare lafeoly been nursing his wife, Lady Gertrude. They have lately lost their only child, the heir. It is on that account for a change for her that they have gone abroad.' ' Indeed, I am very sorry. Is Lady Gert rude Sir Clement's first wife ?' 'No one over heard of his having had another, and ho alv7ays lived about hero with his uncle, Sir Louis, until' he mar ried Lady Gertrude.' It was an ambiguous answer, and a most judicious one. ' It is odd,' murmured Mr. Singleton half to himself. ' Why do you wish bo know if Sir Clement ever had another wife ? asked LisbeUi. ' Because some two years ago, or rather more, I married a man called Clement Dun ravcn to 011s Lisbeth Glendinning.' * Two years ago! Then it can't be our Clement. He has been married to Lady Gertrude nigh on two years. Where did you marry these people.' ' Up at my church on Templemore, in Yorkshire.' 'My good friend, you will have to go a little further afield to find the couple you are in search of. I think there is a branch of the Dunravens settled in Ireland.^ ' That's what Mr. Yauglian said when I asked him about the latter.' ■ So you knew poor Mr. Vaughan 1' ' Yes. Ho seemed interested in my state 1 uiout about the marriage, and asked for the certificate.' Lisbeth did not speak. The revelations of the last few minutes were so crushing that she was breathless. It was Mr. Singleton who continued. 1 If i am. on an entirely false scent it is curious that the man taken up for murdering Mr. Vaughan should bear the name of Glen dinning. ' I don't think there was anything said at the trial about this Glandinning being in any way mixed up with the Dunravens. I believe his father was bailiS to Sir Miles Berkeley,' remarked Lisbeth, as quietly as she could. ' Then you think it was a mere coincid ence ?' ' It muse be, I should say, or we should have heard something about it. Goodness knows, the subject has been discussed freely enough.' ' Well, I am sorry I missed Sir Clement. You really think there is 110 use in my going up to Aboyne Court?' ' Of course you can go up if you like to see (he place and hare a talk with the house keeper, though I don't think she knows as much as I do. She has not been there very long. I will show you the way if you like.' Lisbetl: had not the slightest intention of letting him out of her sight to have any con versation with 'inyone if she could heip it, but she did not think it would do to be too anxious to prevent his going. Her tactics were successful. ' If yeu are sure Sir Clement is not at home what is the good of my going up there? he said. ' My wife, who is an invalid, does net know I am out of London ; I want, to pet back as quickly as possible.' This was good news for Lisbeth, but she did not allow herself to appear exhilarated, she only said very quietly ; ' I ant suro Sir Clement is gone. I came down here to see them off in case Lady Gertrude should want me.' ' I woudor v.hcu fclierd is u Uain back to town ?' He took a leaf torn from'an A.B.C. in reference to to the Coleshill trains out of his pockct-book and began to study it. Under other circumstances Lisbeth would have wished him 1 Good morning,' but she decided it was wiser to stick to him if she could, and sea him off. He seemed rather talkative, and if he got into conversation with any of the Coleshill people he might find out who she was, and her name would betray her. To her infinite satisfaction he said that there would be an 'up1 train in five minutes by which he thought he had better return to town, though he felt very much as if he had come on a fool's orra'nd and got very little information. 'I'll walk across the bridge with you if you like" suggested Lisbeth, ' and I'll tell you anything you want to know about the people that I know myself.' 'Awfully good of you. But am I not taking up your valuable time? ' 'Not in the least. My patient is just gone. I have no particular engagement this morning.' So they started together back to the plat form from which Lisbeth had only just come, Mr. Singleton asking her many ques tions about Pierce Vaughan's death as they went along. Lisbeth, however, did not consider it accessary to know anything that was not in tlio newspapers, and professed herself per sonally unaequainted with Mr. Vaughan. All she knew was that it had been a sad affair, and being followed so soon by the death of the little heir, had been a terrible shock in the family at the Court. When the incoming train was signalled how thankful Lisbeth felt no tongue can say. Mr. Singleton held out his hand to her. ' I am so glad I met you ; before we part you must tell me your name.' 'Nurses have no names,'' she answered, evasively. ' I am known as Nurse Jane— and your name 1 I am going to write to Lady Gertrude abous a commission she left me, and I will tell her of this interview.' She knew it only too well, still it was dis creet to inquire. He gave her a card out of his pocket book, ' Rev, Abel Singleton,' and as he did so crushed the rising hope that sprung into her heart when she thought that perhaps she had got rid of him for ever. ' I am taking my sick wife abroad,' he re marked, ' perhaps we may meet the Dun ravens ; have you any idea where they are going 1' ' Not the least. Their route is very un decided. The answer was a hurried one, and Lisbeth entirely forgot she had just said that she was going to write to Lady Gertrnde. It was as jood as any other, however, for the train git-led off, and Mr.' Singleton had no lime to make further inquiries. As she turned round feeling almost Faint, from trio i-olicf vi liiivliig goi. riu of h::n, a voice said, ' Hullo, Miss Glendinning, 1 thought I should have been in time to see the Dunravens a IT, but I hear they went by an earlier train. Who was that ?' The speaker was Dr. Watson, curious as wa3 his wonfc to know ail-about everything that was going 011. ' A friend of Mr. Vaughan's,1 replied Lisbeth, still with an effort, keeping up the strain of answering with indifference ques tions that were to her of such vital impor tance. 'He wanted to see Sir Clement and condole with him, and learn all particulars. He was sorry to have missed him.' 'Jolly good Uiiug he did. Sir Clement has had enough of that subject. Pity I did not see him, I could have told him all he wanted to know.' Lisbeth could not help shuddering at the thought of what might have been the issue if the parson and the docrm1 had mat. 4 You are catching cold standing about at these dismal leave-takings,' said tho doctor, who saw her shiver. ' I shall havo you on my hands next. Get into my trap and I will drivo you homo.1 Lisbeth accepted gratefully. She felt very weary and out of spirits. A drivo through the fresh air might do her good. At all events it was better than walking through the town, to be cross-questioned at overy turn about tho Duuravens and their affairs, as she inevitably would bo. The diffisulty was to keep upappearances with Dr. Watson, and seem to be her usual self. The little man was, however, such a good talker that it was an immense help to Lisbeth, and they drove away in the smart little gig very briskly and enjoyably.: That is, the doctor was thoroughly enjoying himself, and he took it for granted that Lisbeth was doing the same. One not very plessnnt outcome of the drive neither of them had considered, which was, that seeing Lisbeth Glendinuing seated by Dr. Watson in his gig had set the whole ofColeshill chatteringand wondering whether the bellringers would have to practice wed ding chimes. Not that such a wedding would have afforded Cbleshill any particular satisfaction. The Glendinnings wure by no means popular, more tlian half the population still believing, notwithstanding the verdict, that Jim Glen dinning had had a hand in the death of Pierce Vaughan. And to see their pet doctor married to this man's daughtc-r v.'as by no means what Coleshill would have chosen had it been con sulted in the matter. • If Lisbeth had been less absorbed in the contemplation of her recent meeting with Rev. Abel Singleton, she would not have run the gauntlet of general observation. As it was, she felt thankful for the doctor's pro tecting care, and did not consider anything that lay beyond. She had been used to look up ot him for help and advice, it would have seemed unnatural to have to forego his assistance. Of course Dr. Watson could not help see ing that Lisbeth was by no means herself, but he ascribed it to her parting with the Dunravens. He was quite aware of her de votion to Lady Gertrude, and that the de parture of the inmates of Aboyne Uourt would cteate a great blank in her life. Ah ! if he could only fill it, he thought, as he sat there by Lisbeth's side, And then ho, too, fell to ruminating over the suspicion that had been awakened in his mind in con nection with little Lisa. Thinking hard, ho actually forgot to talk ; thus they became such a silent couple as they drove along that one would have imagined they had been married for years, Nor did they awake from their very different dreams until thoy reached the cot tage. ' I'll just come in and see if all your people are all right,' said the doctor. In reality he wanted to have a good look at Lisa, and see if he could trace any like ness that would be a guide to him for tho future. What ho saw in the child he did not say, but he looked so grave that Liabeth asked excitedly what ailed Lisa, was she ill, did lie see any hidden disease ? She seemed hearty and strong enough. 1 No, no, the child is well enough, there is nothing to be anxious about. I am only studying heredity, it is a pet study of mine,' and he sisrhed. ' Studying heredity, what do you mean ? Wh.it heredity did he find in Lisa, this waif?' and thehotblocd rushed into Lisbetli's face as she asked the questions. He did not reply in a direct manner, but looked at her very hard, and then at the child, and holding out his hand, said he would call again in a few days. ' Dr. Watson was gone, and there was no doubt- but that he carried with him the know ledge that she was Liabeth's own child. She wondered what he would do with his knowledge. Would he guard it faithfully, or would he betray her 1 She put the latter supposition away as unworthy. She had too high an opinion of Dr. Watson to think him capable cf betraying any woman. She went upstairs to hor room, took off hor outdoor garments, and then, having locked the door, gave way to ono of those paroxysms of wild tears which—as a heavy storm clears the atmosphere of a summer's night—makes a woman's heart feel lighter for awhile. Lisbebh had that day gone through more than she could well endure. The falsehoods the humbug she liad been compelled to have recourse to in her interview with Mr. Single ton in order to shield Sir Clement, were most; repulsive to her, and added therefore to the misery she was already feeling from anxiety. Gould she go on bearing this burden in silence. Should she make a clean breast of everything to Dr. Watson, would he not help her and Sir Clement too, or must she keep the secret until it drove her mad 1 CHAPTER XXX. i TUB 3PECTKES OF THE FUTURE. ' Don't you think, Gertie darling, that a drive ■would do you good 1 For two days you have not been out of this hotel—we might as well have stayed at home if you do not bene fit by the change.' 'lam so tired, Clem, I fed as if I only want to lie here and be at peace.' ' Are you sorry you came abroad, dear ?' | 1 No, I am very glad, for I think you already look the better for the change.' And so lie did. There was a good deal of elasticity in Clement Dunraven's nature, and hearing and seeing nothing to annoy him, lio had to an extent thrown off his weight of worries. Of course he had his dark lioui'a, and very terrible they were, but since the boy's death he had managed to conceal them from Lady Gertrude, and as he did not look so haggard as ho hacl done in England, she reasonably conjectured that the change was doing him good.. And this was the ono gleam of sunshine the poor little woman had, for her own heart was very sad, and so broken was she that those about her almost feared she had received her death blow when the baby died. Sir (Jiement, however, would not believe-; this. He declined to see any danger in his !'Gertie's condition. j Other women had lost children before and i had got over it, why should she not do the | same. There was no organic disease, o£ that Dr. Watson had assured him. Lady Slarcia uiid Elvira Delane would arrive in a couple of days, and then Gertie would cheer up. How could he, miserable and remorseful wretch that he was, expect to bo able to cheer her up, and as yet they had not met anyone in Wiesbaden whom they knew. Thus lie consoled himself ns he wandered about the lovely garden in which the kui'haus and the principle vill.13 are situated, and longed for uie tir.ie when, her friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would bo induced to accompany them iu their wanderings. If he could only get her into the Ivur-garten every day to hear the band, ho knew she would soon get all right. How fallacious is hope, yet but for hope how deep would be despair. 1 Wiesbaden was not perhaps altogether the very best place to which Lady Gertrude could have come come, a more bracing climatc might have served her better. It was Lady Marcia wlio had chosen it. She had, or imagined she had v.irimii tiilments for which a residence at Wiesbaden would be bene ficial, since it abounds in specialists of con siderable renown, and, the chief object being to get Lady Gertrude away from the remini scences that surrounded her at Aboyno Court the climate of licr tompnmry abode had not been brought under discussion. ' Do you not think if I ordered a carriage you would drive to the Greek Chapel, or tho Platte, or some of the places -gf interest in the neighborhood,'" persisted Sii' Clement. 'I am very well here at this window, I can sue the trees.' They were at an hotel on the Wilhelm »Str;\sse, looking on to the park. ' Then I must go all alone,' said Sir Cle ment, v.'it/ii r. Gigii. This appeal at once roused LaclyGert rudc. ' I will go with you, Clem dear—forgive mo for being so selfish. Order a carriage for five o'clock, it will be cooler then.' lie kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering, as he went, what there was in him, a more criminal, that tiro women should be always ready to sacrifice their wishes and pleasures to his. Having arranged about the carriage to his satisfaction, he thought he would go to the post office and see if there were any letters. Owing tosomo uncertainty about their rooms in llio hotel, all letters were to be sent ' poste restnnte,' a plan which especially suited Sir Clement, as he could thus receive letters from Lisbeth without their being ob served either by his wife or the servants. There was one awaiting him now, with a small P marked in the corner, which meant that he was to open it when no one was by. The sign somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for though he himself had told her to put it, she lwd declined, saying ' that the lettera she intended to write him in the future would be jf such a nature that anyone might read them.' Something unexpected then had occurred, Sir Clement feared, as ho stood in the street tearing open the letter with trembling fingers, ' perhaps the other child also was dead.' By one of those perverse whims for which he himself could have given no reason, ever since the boy's death, Clement Dunraven had found himself constantly thinking about Lisa. Lisa, of whose existence he had not Liken any account until within the last few weeks. If any sickncss or trouble had over taken her he felt he would be sorry on his own account as well as for Lisbeth's, whose idol he knew she was. But Lisa was well and hearty, the missive began by telling him so, and he felt relieved. Very soon, however, was he to have his rising spirits dashed to the ground as he went on with the letter and read the whole account of Lisboth's interview with the Rev. Abel Singleton. Hydra-headed, he feared, was the relent less pursuer who must inevitably, sooner or later, find out his sin. Lisbeth had been most judicious, and had laid the ghost for awhile, true, loya) woman that she was ; but there was no saying when it would begin to stalk again, or at; what point of his travels he might meet it. He took a long walk before he returned to Lady Gertrude, although there were several letters »t the post-office which he knew she would be glad to have; but bo felt he did not dare meet her questioning glances until, after this fresh blow, ho could manage to assume somothing of his wonted calm. One omission he blamed Lisbeth for in his mind. Why had she not asked where oil tho Con tinent this persistent parson was going to take his sick wife. It would have been so easy to avoid thtit particular spot, and with the small means the Singletons had they were not likely to travel about much. Now he wotflcl be kept in constant dread, examining hotel visitors' books, looking into the face of every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him, lest the man who spoke should be Singleton, whose personal appear ance lie had totally forgotten. Oh, ib" would bo too dreadful, a new phase and a most terrifying one in the painful life- drama he had so rashly and thoughtlessly prepared for himself. When lie reached the hotel, before he went into the room where Lady Gertrude was, ho began the enquiries which would now be his daily task, by examining the book that lay on the table in the hall. No auch name as Singleton. He passed on to his wife's sofa with the letters ha had brought for her. While she read them lie stood looking at himself in the glass that hung over the mantel-shelf. Engrossed in her correspondence, she did not heed what he was doing until he said : ' Do you know, Gertie, I have a mind to let my beatd grow. It will be wonderfully loss trouble than shaving, and rather be coming, too, I suspect.' She laughed and said : ' You conceited boy, yes, let ib grow. I should like to see you with ;i beard. No 0110 will recognise you when you get back to England.' She little guessed that this wa? what he was aiming at, and that, as for conceit, every particle of it had died out of him months ago. The subject oE the beard, was not pursued, Sir Cicmcnfc had got his wife's consent to its being grown, and that was all he wanted. Still she was too much taken up with her letters to think of anything but tlieax for the moment. ' They will ba here to-day, • Clem,' she cried. "By 'they' I suppose you mean Elvira and Lady Mania?' ' Exactly. I am so glad,' And the excitement she showed about the matter quito verified his houe thifc vrith the arrival of her two intimate friends new life would be infused into Lady Gertrude's pros trate frame. This to an extent made him forget his trouble about the spectre Singleton that he knew might start up at any munent like Ban quo's ghost and trouble the seemingly even current of his days. Thus the liltle excursion to the Greek Chapel was much more lively than might have been expected, and by the time they returned to the hotel the drive through the sweet balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude good. The travellers had just arrived when they returned, and the greetings were most affec tionate, though naturally tempered with sad ness, as Lady Gertrude's trouble had fallen upon her since her friends had left home. Elvira Delane had quite recovered her spirits and Lady Marcia, notwithstanding her supposed ailments, had never lost hers, so the dinner which Sir Clement had ordered ■with much caro was done ample justice to, and though Lady Gertrude said she was very weary, and would be glad to go to bed, she was not allowed to brood. The cheering regimen which Sir Clement had for some time past been prescribing for her in his mind had begun with a vengeance. Would it prove of lasting efficacy, or fol lowing the fate of many another regimen that lias gone before it, would the test be too severe for her slender stock of strength. It seemed almost like it, for by the time they allowed her to .go oft to bed her vitality was so completely spent that she nearly fainted when sh6 tried to walk across the room, and Sir Clement had to carry her to her own apartments. Lady Marcia shook hor head anxiously as she saw them depart. • ' Alas, alas,'1 she said, 'where is ourbonnie blithe Gertrude of lang syne. Oh for the days that are gone.' ' They will return, at all events let us hope so,' stud Elvira. 1 Clement seems devoted, why should they not be happy 1 When I thought he loved another woman .J[ doubted thuMhoy could ever be so, but I think we maligned him—I believe Gertie ia his only, love.' Ltdy Maroia shrugged, her shoulders. ' I don't know what it all means,' she said. 1 It is beyond you and me to fathom, but' there is something very queer about Clomont, nv.d in consequence about G-crtie. Whether she knows what it is or not I cannot make out, but whatever the trouble, it is killing her.' 1 Oh, L'lriy Marcia, do you not think that its sorrow over the baby's death that is mak ing her ill, and with time she will get over it, ay others iiavo done before her V ' She was quite as queer before the baby died, and as for him, can anything be stranger than his ways. He gives you the idea of a man who is always expecting a br.iliit or some police official to tap him on the shoulder. Between you and me, Elvira, and with closed doors, I should have half suspected he had something to do with poor Pie roe Vaughan's death if he had not boon almost as queer be fore it happened.1 ' Oli, dont't,' cried Elvira ' pray dnii't on ; I shall not sleep a wink if you put such. idesG in ray head, and I n.m dreadfully tired.'' Then, womanlike, she asked, 1 What do you think he had done Goodness knows ? Got into some trouble before he was married, 1 daresay, raid which he is always suspecting will come out and tivil-" ti •'c.'tH'.'l. B'.it here he cisiacs anJ, with a audden change jof voice and manner, Lady luarcirt continued—' 1 am sure you -..'111 like Wiesbaden, dear, it i3 such a pretty place, and the ri^hfc sort of people r.re to bo found here. Seen anyone you know, Clement f 'No, We have been about so little, it, han been so difficult to rouse Gertie, but 1 hope she will bo better now you have come.' ' I hope so, indeed. We will do our best , to amuse her. Vv'o have had a very pleasant time—have met a lot of desirable people.' And some very -undesirable ones,5 put in Elrira. ' Oh, that goes without saying. Well, even the undesirable ones have their advan tages* they often amuse-you and circulate your blood by making you laugh. That oidity who proposed to you on the platform of the railway station for example.' 'The wretch !' ' Hullo, Elvira, have you had a proposal?1 asked Sir Clement, forcing himself to tako an interest in their conversation, though his thoughts were elsewhere. ■ You did not accept him, I hope. What will Berkeley say 1' Elvira did not answer, but she colored up and looked keenly at Sir Clement, as though seeking to find out how much he knew about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. ' And then there were those queor people who arrived at Basle the night before we left. A burly uortli-country paraori and au invalid wife.' Neither could speak n word of any lan guage but their own, and yet they were most fussy and loquacious. If Elvira and Iliad not come to the rescuc, madnme would have gone aupperless to bed. For no one in the hotel could have understood that ' the de I buu?f' could possibly mean ' consomme.' Sir Clemeut laughed, still he looked and felt very uncomfortable. ' I thought they spoke English now in all the big hotels,' lie said. - ' So they do, but the big hotels were full, and we were .all in an annexe with raw ser vants unaccustomed to English people. And j the discomfort that particular couple would ' have experienced without our assistance would, I think, have made them return home j without delay. Oh, it was funny. I hope I shall see him again. He gave me his card. I wonder what I did with it ? * She felt in her pocket and produced a small case, from which she drew the object for which she was looking - Rev. Abel Singleton. ' There it is ; look at it, Clement. Such a name—Abel. He lives up to it too, for he look3 like an antediluvian animal.1 Sir Clement took the card, which trembled in his fingers. So they were at Basle. He was glad ,to know their whereabouts ; still it was a shock to learn that Lady Marcia and Elvira had been in direct com munication with these dreaded people. 'Wo tried to persuade them to conic here,' went on Lady Marcia, ' by telling them we were sure it was just the place for an invalid, but they were so bent on Switzerland that we could not move them.' Hoiv thankful Sir Clement was that they were immovable, who shall say, still it was no pleasing matter for contemplation that these intimate friends of his wife's might any day receive a communication from the only man who could shed tlwb light on his past life which must inevitably l-uin him in the eyes of everyone for whose opinion he cared. Above all with Lady Gertrude. Thus thinking of her he threw Mr. Singleton's card back to Lady Marcia and asked : 1 How do you think my Gertie is looking —better or worse than you expected ?1 Lady Marcia, with her usual bluntness, answered straightforwardly— ' Worse. If you don't take care, Clement, she will slip through your fingers. I can't think what on earth it is that has worried her into this condition—but I suppose you know ?' ' Is she worried 1' ' Come, come man, don't pretend—of course ul:c is worried. Do ycu and she have disagreements in private ? You will say that is not my business, but if anyone gives mo the idea of an unhappy wife, it is poor, dear Gertie.' ' On ray honor. Lady Marcia, wo have never had a, word of disagreement in our lives. We ar^ always most affectionate. If Gertrude is worried the cause is unknown to me, except, of course, the poor baby's death, and that is a sorrow, net a worry.' ' She was worried before the baby died. I was saying so to EI vie only just now. Naturally, I thought you knew all about it.' 'I assure you I know nothing. Ever since ,1 married her I hava mado stronuou3 c-udfca vors to do the beat I can for her, and to keep her as much as possible from every thing that might annoy or vex her. Nor do I think she is worried, but I fear she is very delicate.' And so saying, he laid his head on the table on his folded hands, and his whole frame shook convulsively. Elvira got up and went to him. ' Good old Clement,' she said, 'don't take on, we must cheer up Gertie, and she will bo all right. She can't go on fretting if there is nothing to fret about.' Ho did ngt look up, but he took one of his hands from under his head and held it out to Elvira. ' If ever anything should happen to me you will bo good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley ; eb, Elvira 1' She did not answer for a moment. The coupling of her name with that of Sir Miles Berkeley startled her, bnt she pressed Sir Clement's extended hand. Then she tried to toss the subject from her. ' Why do you talk like that to frighten one. Nothing is the matter with you. Ifc is Gertrude who is in danger, not you.' ' We never know where danger lies,' he answered. ' Only promise me you will look after Gertrude.' ' Of course I will, but for goodness sake don't let us have any more dismal conver sation to-night. We talk about horrors until we imagine they really exist.' 'Yes,' said Lady Mavcia, rising. 'Let ub go to bed and get up in the morning pre pared to enjoy this delightful place.' And so they left him, both thinking they had discovered where the mischief lay. Sir Clement had some mortal malady, and Lady Gertrude Jknew or guessed it. Ay, so he had, but not of the sort they suspected. If Singleton followed him up chattered out the whole ghastly past there would be nothing for ifc but suicide. Was that to be the end, he wondered. And how selfish an end ! Was he to die for his own selfish pleasure as he had lived, leaving Lady Gertrude all alone to bear the brunfc of the revelations that would be i maac. Danger for Gertrude, "what did Elvira mean by danger for Gertrude. Did she think she wasgoingtodie ? HisGertrudetobe taken from him, as the child had been, as everything he loved in life would be taken in punishment for hia sin. With Gertrude's death the avenging angel must stay his hand, as, come weal "r woe, it would be all the s»me to him. then— Singleton might say his say, the law might do its worst.' When morning dawned Clement Dunraven was Btill sitting there thinking out the pro blem of the future, nor was he aroused from the miserable contemplation of what might one day happen, until Lady Gertrude her self, in a long, white, trailing gown, stood on the threshold of tho door, "so startled him by her spectre-like appearance that the strong man cried aloud in fear. (To be continued.) 