Mystery of Norman Chase. At any rate Stanley Hope, treacherous to his higher nature, found himself asking: 'Can it be true ?' Half an hour later, he was standing alone in a little alcoved room, leading out of a gallery which had been given up to dancing, when two sentences were uttered, by diflerent persons, which it was impossible for him to avoid over-hearing. Nor was it intended that be should. 'I cannot believe it, dear aunt, I cannot think :hat my cousin is mercenary.' ' Not mercenary, Constance, but I told him of Miss Fairleigh's fortune, and when he had heard all about it, he heroically told me not to say another word upon the subject, He will have a title to maintain, you know, and, if he does marry a little beneath him, his coronet will cover all defects. Miss Fair leigh has played her cards wonderfully well, this evening, and so, I must admit, has Stanley.' Augusta Fairleigb, too, had overheard every syllable oft this brief conversation, and to the first flush of indignation succeeded a painful pallor. That she should be looked upon as angling for the son of a broken down peer I That he should be in a plot to retrieve the family forture by a plebeian marriage. He had alluded to her wealth, she remem bered, at their first meeting. See would return to Fairleigh Manor on the very next day. I'il be shot if I lie under this imputation !' said Stanley Hope to himself, aloud, with a somev.hat unnecessary addition to the words, as he banged himself into bed. ' I'l be back at Mountcastle before twelve hours are over.' So these childish follies of affection separated heart from heart, which should never have been divided by a suspicion. But the heart is a temple of false faiths and idolatrous adorations. What were their sorrows to" those of Evelyn Hedley, without a friend, her ancient nurse excepted, who was following a dark secret through the solitudes of Norman Chase ? 'I have three years' respite,' she said, after reading the last clause in the will. ' But does he think I would marry him, or be false to-to myself, ifa crown depended upon it ?' Is.artha Page made no reply; the ques tion, indeed, hbd not been addressed to her. ' What shall you do next, Miss Evelyn ?' asked the nurse, 'Come, and you shall see. We have him for forgery, at any rate, said the young girl, in whose voice there was now no girlishness whatever, but rather the accent of a detective officer. It was a simple matter. They left one of the parchments in Evelyn's room, under secure and -secret lock and key, and deposited the other in the chest which, to all appearance, held so many of the hopes entertained by Mr. Mathew Drake. SAnd now ?' again inquired the nure. 'We will follow ycur advice, and wait. But you go back first, Martha. 1 want to be for a few moments alone.' Reluctantly the old woman obeyed, and Evelyn, not usually weak, knelt down on the floor, and broke into a passion of tears. 'Those hateful prophecies,' .se cried, as if from the depths of an unfathomable despair. 'What am I now? Where is my youth ? I am a ghastly schemer at eighteen years of age. There is not a creature that loves me, except that poor, faithful Martha. I have not even a dog to trust me. It is all insult, suspicion, and misery.' She rose, took up the lamp, and went towards her own chamber. There was a sudden draught, and the flame went out;. 'its light in pallid moon shine died.' Then she became aware of another faint glow that crossed the way before her. A than preceded her at a considerable distance. Sir Norman as surely as she lived I With swift steps she was at his side. ' My father I' she exclaimed, laying a hand upon his shoulder. It was a worn, gaunt, and sorrowful face that turned towards hers. He stood for a moment mute. Then he said : ' So you have followed me here-watched me here. Evelyn, you shall have your wish. I go to end my life in the sleeping-chambgr of him, mry friend, who was murdered be. neath my roof. Let me look my last upon s:ou, my daughter, whom I dearly loved. Could not any other hand have stabbed mt?' he went on, taking one of hers, as if uncon sciously, wi.hin his own. But he flung it away. ' Oh, Judas-girl !' he cried, ' do not follow me. They might suspect the daughter as they did the father.' Until now, morally paralysed, the young girl had been unrable to utter a.syllable. But she found voice at last. ' What are you saying, my father ?' 'Nothing; that is, no word more to you, Evelyn.' " ' Where are you going ?' ' To Henry Mainwaring's room.' 'Ah, no ' she cried-shrieked, in fact, clinging to him, in spite of repulse, ' not there i not there i What shall I say to hinder you? My father, for the sake of all that Ob ! my lathler, do not-' And she sank at his feet, beseecbing him, holding his bands, 'Are you afraid that I should see his ghost ?' he asked, with a strange irony of manner. ' Would you be afraid to see mine, Evelyn ? If so some people might hint that it was for the eame reason. There are more ways of killing, my dear, than poisoning or stabbing, or strangling. Let me go I' In that instant of time waves of agony rolled over the poor girl's heart. She would not release him. ' Will you speak ?' he said. ' My f.ather,' she answered, rising, 'I have never known, sin:e I knervyou at all, what it waas to be except your loving and loyal daughter. iLt'-and she trembled-'grant me one favour. Do not enter that room this night. Kiss me.' But hie would not. 'Then rpromise me not to commit that crime which you spoke of just now, and I your child, who have wronged you- ' 'You confess it ?' he interrupted, eagerly. \--' wronged you in suffering you to be wronged by others-will sacrifice my life rather than not remove the blighit which has fallen upon you.' Tender and filial words which, if analysed, would be found to possess no meaning what. ever. Still, hard and mocking, he heard her out, and anuswcrd : 'I will not go there to-night, of course. My purpose has once more been baulked by the vigilance of my diruaghter. As for the promrise you reqluire, Evelyn, I give it to you, for thIe present. Good-night, my amiable child.' Not her supplilca:ions, nat her clinging carresse., not Iser tears, couad restrain him. He almost violentl: threw her off, and went rapidly away. TO uE CONTINUED. 