A CHARGE OF SCHISM. Sermon preached m St. . Thomas' : Church, Moonee , Ponds, hy the ; Rav. D; : M. Berky.—St. John, 17—21 : " That they all may be one.'' Oil Wednesday last a -letter appear: ed in the Church of' England Messeii- 6 - e?y which is the official organ of; the: Melbourne -Diocese, charging some clergyman not named with bavin committed :an act of-' schism. It is known well enongh to all who know anything at all about the circumstance, that the clergyman intended is the incumbent of this church. The word '" schism " means division; and schism is defined in Herzog's Dictionary as " a departure from, the rule ol the orthodox church in matters of discipline or worship." The Church Messenger, after giving publicity to the charge, expressed-a Irope that, the accused would be able to explain it away. I certainly shall not explain it m the pages of tlie Church Messenqer, firstly, because the charge will have a whole month to circulate before my explanation could be-published; and secondly, because—unless I nm misinformed—all the readers of the Church Messenger put together would not, iisiio a. congregation large enough to fill this church. But what is the act of sclnsin of which your incumbent stands accused? You will remember the Christian Conference which tool; place in Passion Week, in the Town Hall. You will remember tlia,t it closed with a celebration of the Holy Communion, in wl.ich some five hundred persons, belonging: to different churches in Ess.'ndon, took part. Well, the part, that I took in that was my act of schism, for which I am arraigned in the co'umus of the diocesan organ. The letter which contains this charge is full of misstatements. It is not true, for instance, that we " closed the church doovs during the. most sacred of the church s reasons." The service on Good Friday was held just as it was last year. The services from Monday till Thursday, it is true, were omitted, but why? In 1S93, those services were held, and the average attendance, as noted in the preacher's book, was about forty. In the Town Hall this year, we bad an attendance every evening of five hundred, at the very least. In fact, the hall was crowded at last to excess. 1 deliberately preferred, as I told you, overflowing and hearty congregations in the Town Hall to chillingly thin congregations in the clmrch, and is there not reason in this choice 1 But the great offence—the great act of schism—was the united Communion Service. It did not take place on Good Friday, as was stated m the Church Messenger, but the evening before. It was thought appropriate that on the very day and at the very hour at which the Lord instituted those holy mysteries of bread and wine, the Christians who had been commemorating together the solemn subject of that week should together partake of the sacred feast. The form of celebration selected was the Presbyterian, because that is the £01111 best tujtipfcocl-for ,a .large luiuvber,, of communicants. That form is .the one used at the well-known Mildmay Conferences in London. These conferences are attended by Church of England clergymen every year; the number of communicants is about four thousand; and I never heard ot a charge of schism being made against any clergyman for taking part in them. <". But it is on this account that an anonymous writer in r the Church Messenger makes a charge of schism against me. I am at a loss to understand precisely how he would support such a charge, but 1 can conceive of two possible reasons that lie might allege. First, is it because, in corn moil with all Church of England clergymen, I have promised to use only the prayers of our Liturgy m the public worship of the church? Entile must be aware that the words "1 the public worship of the church mean, at our stated services in the church, and ate now invariably: so interpreted. They have simply no reference whatever to anything 1 did m the Town Hall m that week, 'lo put any oilier sense 011 these-words would be to condemn :Some of. the-best, work done by the Church of England in mo'lern times^'sdl-ourm^ services; -all our,:,prayer meetings, all, our liymns—in fact, na vast variety of observances without„which Church of England work would soon come to a dead halt. Of all the irregalar ,things that were done m Passion Week, ? i doubt if any was so -irregular, as . what; was done in the Cathedral, on Good Friday, evening; when the building was packed to its utmost capacity, 1 am .-not--finding fault for one moment with that beautiful act of v,'orship, but 1 merely note the fact that it would be difficult : to ,.find a .strictly which I can suppose- that I ; am,^condemned for receiving, the -Holy ^Communion in the P|esbyteuan foim My anonymous • -accuser :,called- the Presbyterian servicean unauthorised, ceremony:V ,: The;'iGommuniQn£-Ser,Kice. of the National Church of Scotlai d " an unauthonsed ceiemony I* smceiely hope that theie aie not many meiiibers of the :Church; .of .-Eiig land who would make such a state ment as that " T « 3?eihaps my anonymous rcens>oi will say what lie thinks I ought to li.ne done under the cncumstances '"To me and to the jmeinbeis' of ^he^on ference "generally, it ieemed_ as r if; denominational diffe^^es,ynight ,-well be put out of sight'"for "such Vn-oc casion Theie "weie several'Reason why Passion^eftwasje}e,cteJ ioivf Ue confeience, and "one was, that 'theie is a grow ing tendency^mollis jiountiy to make the Eastei season,a Jneie secular holiday, and it ^fis, thouglit.-that^a: good nay of aiecallii!g sopip^ in oui t • towirof Essendou to ^a leeollection ofi the sac ed associations'ol that mot ; s&ienin; seksoi pvn 'olS foiLes'and"hold tlie'-Reiies of meetings; of. Twhicli^ouij, ^oi^^e^nsisted'" Wassguch a seues ot meetings ^to eome to l^S J end- without—thatj sacMiinenfe; which most off all repiesents Hhe slor^ of oui niPit JLgh Piiest, and^tlic miiti of-iir^ in ^iiiitud & Him? 0 , ought j A | i a T C n | s f M ^ g e j saci ament.,must^e§igmtoiste^d|o^ 1 I. wasJESt^ miffistt men i and 1,1 priestl<Wouldeven.thiSr'have.Bati*- fied my censoi 1 Would he not have insisted, in -the next, place, that these ministers and all their flocks, not being - confirmed members ; of the Church of England/ could not -recei ve the sacrament from my hands? Ho knowi full well that lie would have condemned me a8 much for administering the communion' to them aB for receiving it from them. What then.? It remains that I am excluded; by my position as a clergyman of the Church of England, from ever, under any circumstances, cele bratmg the Lord's supper m con junction - with my brethren of the Church of Scotland. Between the two churehes there is a great gulf fixed That may be a very satisfactory state of things to: some people, but are those people the true representatives or the true friends of the Chuich of England? I shall show you this evening, 111 speaking of the lives of Cranmer and Calvin,. how far from' the spirit and intention, of the, reformers is suclrnarrow exelusiveness. But what is more important still, it is diametrically opposed to the mind of Christ, as shown m that prayer from which our- text is taken. Can tliut., prayer ever . be fulfilled ? Can the divided ^ sections - of , the- Christian; Church ever,be "welded' into ono-? but only in the same way : that two' pieces of iron can be wel'led into one. It cannot be done while they are cold, but it is done easily and naturally when tliev are raised to a white heat. And when the churches are baptised, as at first, with (he Holy Ghost and with fire, then they will again become one. 