-SELEOT POETRY. THE MAN IN THE MOON, -0-o (A German Legend.) e; an a very round face, I Itiu bftnbeen siid, in the moon you can trace ; And the fancy, for 'tis but a fancy, be sure, Seems likely through many an age to en- c dure. Astronomers tell us the parts that are bright Are very high mountains, reflecting the light ; And the dark places, hollows, great chasm, where gloom Dwells ever, and broods like a ghost in a I tomb. But now let me tell you a story about This man, that seems looking in wonder and doubt Over all the wide heavens; I can't say 'tis 1 true, As 'twas told to me I will tell it to you. It was Sunday on earth !-be the day ever blest, That to busy men giveth a season of rest; A time for reflection, for prayer, and for praise, The pause in life's journey, the sweet pearl of days. It was Sunday ! and voices were lifted in f prayer, The earth was all beauty, and calm was the air; The hard sons of toil and the beast rested then, ] And pleasant it was unto women and men. But sound of an axe broke the stillness, and down Went the boughs 'neath the strokes, while the heavens seemed to frown, As the breaker of Sabbaths pursued his way back, With the wood on his shoulders along the green track. As he held-fror t1}e . er-came-' o his ear a mild voice of re- s proof ; And the question was asked--' Dost thou know 'tis the day, When God the Creator, Whom all should I obey, His work having finished, then rested, and bade The day should be blessed, and hallowed, and made ASabbath, a holy day ' On with his wood Went the churl, though it seem'd that an angel there stood. 'What care I on earth whether Sunday it be 1 Or Monday in Heaven ? It's naught unto me !' So he muttered; and then, said the Being divine, With a voice unto which the dull ear must incline 'Because thou My Sabbath profanest on earth, No Sabbath for thee shall in future have, birth; The burden thou bearest thou ever shalt ,bear, Thy days shall be all days of labour and care. Thou shalt stand in the moon as a warning to all, And holyday rest ne'er upon thee shall fall; For ever and ever, as ages roll on, No solace, no respite, for thee shall be won. And there with his faggot of brushwood he stands, The man who despised his Creator's com- i mands; Let us, praising God for His blelsings and boon, Take a lesson to heart from the Man in the Moon. H. G. AnDAs. 