THE RESULT OF LENIENCY. Thk nowspipers have bad no reason to compUin lately of gruesome news with which to fill their columns. The litest murder, that conrnittBd by the negro at Port Melbourne, is one the surrounding; of which afford food for not over- pleasant refl (ction. It is a trito saying that oni half the world does not know how ths other hilf lives. Tne proverb is usuiliy supposed to apply only to the means of obtaining a livelihood, but the evidence in this murder case proves plainly that, it. applies also to the method of living. To our mind the murder o c thewomin isbutlittleless horrible than the admission by one of the witnesses that when the prisoner was beating her he (the witness) turned the murderer and his victim out, as be did not want the woman murdered in his house ! What a condition of litem u it th it be when the chief objection to an iinrienlina; murder is that it will inconvenience the tenant of the hnussin which it is committed. Tne possibility of the black mm beating his piramour to death must have been c.onte.mp'.ated with comparative equanimity; if it were done at home. The crime lay not in the murder, but in doing it in another man's house without that man's psrmission. Could anything speak more eloquently of the degraded moral condition in which some persons live in the midst of the civilisation « # of the * nineteenth * century? * As for the criminal hinnelf. now lyiug under sentence of death, but little can be urged in extenuation. Tbe crime was apparently a biutal, drunken murder. Yet, bearing i.n miad the low intelligence and the surroundings of such m a n as be and liis associates, the question arises whether the honorary magistracy of the colony should not bear some of the responsibility for such crimes as this which sends a woman to a brutal death aud a man to the gallows. Almost every week the Press is called upon to comment upon the decisions of suburban benches in cases of brutal assaults by men upon women. The women are invariably the wives, legally or immorally, of the men who are accused. It is no rirs thing for the poor wretch, tied by marriage or affection to some unfeeling brute, to appear in court battered and bruised, and for the evidence to show that she escaped death by the interference of sorno neighbours, by her flight or by the fortunate fact that her brute of a partner had grown too tired to ' finish her off." His punishment, for brutality that results almost in murder is what? In rare cases a few day's imprisonment, but more frequently a fine of a few shillings! We say, and we say it advisedly, that these mistakedly lenient decisions—and the justice; who give them—are indirectly and morally responsible for the occurrenceof crimessuch as this Port Melbourne murder. Husbands and pirainours in the low strata of society cannot he expacted to draw nice legal distinctions ' between the blow or the kick that actuilly kills and that which only seriously maims the victim for life. We can <: unierstaud that iu these brutal cafe< intention is only lo punish by maimim:. by actually killing, and as there is no obji-. iii the eyes of the 1 uv (or practically i. to nearly killing a wife or a paramour i not surprising that the assailant once iu a in his rage or druuken fury gives his victim kick too many—and is hung. Say that victim's death resulted from six wound.-, murderer might have gone to the extent ot and escaped with a fiue, or, at most, with ; months' imprisonment. The punishment for one extra kick is death. For such murdei bencnes of our suburban police courts, wo sn;. responsible, for by their decisions they encoi men to brutally ill-treat women, provided they stop short of actual murder. It is il" fault of these justices of the peace thai murders are not of weekly occurrence. THE R?V. G jorge Walters admits ha>'inL kissed by lidv spooks at spiritualistic s inn the presence of his wife, too. " Cissie " w.i name of the disembodied lidy, the vervf.c' spirit, who saluted him twice with her " lit: lips." " Cissie " is evidently a very forward and some wives would have " let her hear u she dared to kiss their husbands uuder the: noses. This is a dangerous practice to int: at respectable spnncps, and the mediums - repress it if they do not wish their spu bring trouble into miny happy homes. W i • much scepticism exists a6 to the genuind the spirits one meets at senna's, it will be a to prohibit indiscriminate kissing: — When a husband and a father Of inquiring turn of mind, Who is superstitious rather. And to spooks somewhat inclined, Goes to iH:xlince ssinres, Sure he owes it to his hosts That with sly, alluring glinces He will make no soft advances, Nor attempt to mash the ghosts. That by spooning with a spirit He will merit no rebuke, Nor by flirting with her irrit- Ate her young min, who's a spool And the medium director Should be very careful when He calls up a lady spectre To immediately eject her If she mugs the married men. That 'twill lead to peacs elysian For a gent whose wife's about To be courted by a vision Is a thing we ranch misdoubt. Tivould not do his shrewish missus Such a fairy tale to tell, As that sundry sounding kisses, hike this giddy little Ciss's, Are quite im-mi- te-ri-al. 