NOTES AND EVENTS. iu \------- #_ Pi . The deputation in connection with el the re-subdivision of the Shire which iU interviewed the Minister of Public h: Works on Wednesday was probably et the largest and most influential tE that ever left Colac. The Minister did not by any means favor the three a riding proposal, although it was upon t that score that many of the signatures a to the fpetition were obtained. Mr tl Webb adhered to his former promise, h and would have granted the five n ridings immediately butthe opponenis t of that scheme would not agree to it. b The result is, as we predicted when a the agitation started, that unless the b opposing parties agree to subdivision , as the Minister desired-five ridings -before the 1st June the matter will t be indefinitely postponed. Our re marks upon the question will appear in next issue. ;: Mrs Margaret Bethune attempted t to commit suicide by cutting her 1 throat at her residence, Irrewarra, some time during Wednesday night. No reason is assigned for the deed other than that she fancied she was being haunted by ghosts. The wound, which was an ugly one, exposing the windpipe, was inflicted with a scissor s. The police were informed of the oc currence, and immediately proceeded to the place. They had some diffi culty in bringing Mrs Bethune to the hospital. Drs Brown and Foster had to put her under chloroform yester day to stitch the wound. Last evening she was progressing fairly well and it is expected that she will recover. Mr Michael Ryan, farmer, of Cororooke, died at his residence on Tuesday morning about 10 o'clock. Deceased had been ailing for some time and his demise was not unex pected. Mr Ryan came from Koroit about six years ago and settled down at Cororooke. He had been suc cessful as a farmer. Deceased was 55 years of age, and leaves a large family of sons and daughters, all of whom are. grown up. By his neighbours generally he was much esteemed, being of a quite unassuming disposi tion. Deceased's remains were in terred in their last resting place, the Colac cemetery, yesterday afternoon, the fnneral cortkge being a lengthy eone. Rev. Fr. Lynch officiated at the 11 grave. A field trial of the Massey-Harris Canadian "Spring tooth cultivator and seed sower" (combined) will take place on Monday next in the Ssheepwash paddock, opposite the Wool Wool homestead. The machine, it is said, does its work well. Farmers and the public generally are invited to witness the trial. . Several members of the opposition t met informally at Parliament House y on Wednesday, and had a chat over s the prospects of the session. The n question of the leadership of the Left n was reier±cc ,., .._. - n pressed that some definite arrangement Sshould be come to on the subject, as y the opinion was general that vigorous 1, and determined leading was necessary. l It was generally agreed, however, that it would be better to " lie low " until Wednesday afternoon, when probably If a caucus will be held to consider the e Government programme as outlined in e the Governor's speech. SThe weather at Irrewillipe (writes , our correspondent) has been very un a propitious, rain descending almost o continuously. The roads are in a , deplorable condition. Mr J. R. Lockeyear, who is not un known in Colac, he having been in Sbusiness here some years ago, is now touring the colony canvassing for sub scribers for the numerous interesting stories he has written at various times. Mr Lockeyear is now in Colac, and hopes to do a fair business among his old friends. He is the author of " Goulburn Mary" (a pathetic little story told in pleasing style) " Mr Bun yip, or Mary Somerville's Ramble" (an Australian story for children), "The Bush Wedding," "Little Mother" and others. These stories, it may be mentioned, first saw the light of day in this journal many years ago. "Goulburn Mary" and "Mr Bunyip " have been well spoken by the press, ecclesiastical and other authorities, and His Excellency the Governor kindly permitted the first named story to be dedicated to him. The ordinary meeting of the Colac Mutual Improvement Association was largely attended on Tuesday evening, the ladies especially predominating. Messrs G. Grey, W. Williamson, J. Rea, and J. Baker were elected members of the society, while Messrs V. M. Pearson and J. S. Graham were . nominated for membership. The subject for the evening was a " Spelling Bee" competition, for a prize of 10s presented by Mr Piprose. There was a good number of competi tors, the principal condition being "first miss out." The number i dwindled down until the contest was left to three of the local newspaper i men. They keptgoing until onemada stumble over a word that he probably ( never spelt wrong during the course of "his natural life." The other c competitor spelt his word right one way, but it was not according to the dictionary from which the judge took ] his "guns." Mr G. M'Leod was then c the only competitor left in and he was a adjuged the winner. Mr Collyer made g a good interpreter. The remainder of t the evening was devoted to impromptu speeches. Next meeting Dr Brown will deliver an interesting lecture on f '"The Blood, its history, functions E and characters." On Tuesday afternoon Mrs Davis, a who last week held a series of success- ti ful lectures in Geelong, commenced E her demonstrations on cookery in the si Victoria Hall, Colac. She brought ft under the notice of the ladies present G the absolute necessity for a better tl method being adopted in the matter tl of cookery reform. She then de- ri scribed various food materials manu- hi factored in the colony, and showed an how easily porridge and cocoa could ci be made, the ladies present tasting vy the various materials cooked and nc showing their appreciation'of them. ed Various recipes were then dictated and written down, and the afternoon was brought to a close by printed recipes being passed round by Mrs Davis. Mrs Davis lectured again on Wednesday afternoon. Owiug to the hall having been promised for Thursday Mr. Davies deferred her third and last lecture till this (Friday) afternoon, when she has promised some specialities in the matter of fancy icing, &c.; ; The ladies of Colac have shown their appreciation of Mrs Davis' efforts by attending in large numbers. It is antici pated that in the near future an effort will be made to establish classes in all the principal towns in order to have this very necessary part of the education of our girls thoroughly at 1 tended to. Lung-worm has made its periodical appearance among flocks in this dis 1 trict (writes the Camperdown Chronicle) s and its effects are, in consequence of r the extremely severe weather which ' has marked this autumn, somewhat e more serious than last year, though s the mortality is not so great as has been known. .The remedies used n against the insidious -disease e by stockowners are numerous, but n none appear to have the desired effect. s The local detachment of the Salva II tion Army held a large tea meeting in the barracks last evening. There was n a crowded attendance, and the result should mean a welcome addition to d the Army's funds, which have not r been in a flourishing condition. The demonstration was termed an " officer's t. council," and representatives were d present from Geelong, Queenscliff is Warrnambool and Port Fairy. A d, largely attended meeting was held or ie Wednesday evening and prior to as g. sembling in the barracks a prosessior c- took place which attracted many oL ad the townspeople from their homes 5\. owing to the street being brightenec Ie up by limelight effects. ad Mr Thomas Shaw, of Wooriwyrite r- and Dr Charles Strong, the ministel ig of the Australian Church, are having it a controversy in the Argus on land nationalisation. Speaking of Vic of toria, Mr Shaw says that " with th, 30 exception of protection--the shackle k. of which were riveted] by ourselve ne -there is no freer people on the faci x- of the earth." Mr Shaw is providini 3;t a rod with which to beat his owl VQ back. Do away with protection ane c- the " lord of Wooriwyrite " will verJ 55 soon ascertain that he and the othe ily landed gentry will not be so ver im free. irs The annual gathering of the Can il, perdown Athletic Club took plac si- yesterday. There was only a fai in- attendance, while the proceedings wee *ho marred by the inclemency of tl 3n, weather. The principal events re by sulted as follows :- Cunp-D. Ha: he 22yds, 1;- W. Hartley 19yds, 2 Sanderson 19yds, 3. Quarter Mile ris G. Sanderson 33yds, 1; J. R. M'Donal tor 25yds, 2; J. James 14yds, 3. Mi rill Race-A. Cook (Eddington) 150yd be 1; W. Hinds (Irrewarra) 125yds, :he Hurdles-L. Robertson 21yds, i na, Vagg, 2; T. G. Pemberton 14yds, ; ers High Jump-T. G. Pemberton 1. ed ThepeopleofColac,whohavealwal been of a charitable turn of mind, seel ion more disposed than ever to assist thoi ise who through unforseen circumstanci aer cannot assist themselves. For tl 'be purpose of raising a sum of money 1 eft help Mrs Tracey-Richards, whoi wU·- bI-ucd rooonely mot with a fat, ant accident, a concert and ball will I as held in Messrs Boylan Bros' storeroor Uas Corunnun, on Friday evening nex ry. A really good programme will t lat submitted, to which the Catholi itil Young Men's Society will contribui aly the majority of the items. Th he tickets are going off rapidly, and thei in is almost certain to be a crowds attendance. A highly successful entertainment in aid of the funds of the Anglican Church, Warrion, took place on Fri- day evening last in Mr T. C. Murray's woolshed. The building was deco- rated in a most artistic manner, and the various requisites in the shape of piano, crockery, refreshments, etc., were provided by Mr Jas Robertson and Mesdames Stuart Murray, L. G Calvert and T. C. Murray. Mr S. Murray occupied the chair. The per- formers were Mrs L. G. Calvert, Mrs G. P. Robertson, Miss Ila Murray and Messrs A. M'Laren, Conner, Connell and "Scottie." The performance con- cluded with a laughable farce, "April Fools," by three members of the Catholic Young Men's Society (Messrs Connor, Minto and Bradley), which proved very amusing. A dance took place afterwards, and was largely attended, a splendid banquet being provided by Mr L. G. Calvert. Able assistance was rendered by Misses Murray (2), Robertson (2), and the members of the church committee. During the proceedings Mr Lumsden moved a comprehensive vote of thanks to all who had assisted in making the entertainment a success. Several selectors in the vicinity o the Gellibrand River, at Princetown 3d are, it is alleged, in the habit of felling rs trees which fall into the stream mn rendering it dangerous to navigation p As a good deal of money has beer spent in snagging the river the selec a tors are acting unwisely in doing any a. thing that .will tend to block th, i-_ stream. ig Messrs J. G. Johnstone and Co. ar under instructions from the mortgagee as will sell without reseryve at Edols sr yards, Haimes' Lanes at one o'clock a to-day, a splendid herd of 40 dairy ly cows aird springers, 30 young-cattle, ie as well as horses, ploughs, drays and ar other dairying and farm requisites. e A contemptible joke was played 5e at the expense of the Maryborough and k Dunolly Advertiser on Wednesday. n Some scoundrel sent in a death * advertisment.and funeral notice, and o signed it " J Clark, Majorca, under If taker," in which it stated that a a young man, Charles Stubbs, twenty n two years of age, was accidently a killed by a fall of earth at Craigie on s Saturday last. He was further kind enough to give particulars of the accident, and stating the injuries of . the supposed unfortunate young men. I He wound up by saying-" A mes j senger was depatched to Maryboroagh t for medical aid, and Drs Miller and 8 Gardo were soon in attendance, but the injured man expired shortly after their arrival. The deceased had his right arm broken in three places, and his left leg above thbo knee, two ribs and his back; the internal injuries caused death." The writing was a very good forgery of Mr Clark's and no suspicions were aroused by the editor, to. whom it was addressed, bat yon may judge meIs surprrice wueu e u - :elatives of Mr Stubbs waited upon him this morning and told him the whole was a hoax. It is needless to say the affair has been put in the bands of the police. c Another building society is about d to make an effort to defray some- of t its liabilities by a transfer of assets e to depositors. The creditors and 1 shareholders of the Federal Building c Society, in liquidation, met on Tues- I day (says the Age) and passed a number I of resolutions agreeing to the accept- c ance of deposit receipts in payment of I the whole or any part of the purchase I money on the sale of any of the assets ] of the society, the receipts to betaken at their face value. A very poor opinion is entertained by the Premier of civil marriages in the main. Mr Patterson has given some attention to the denouncement of the divorce law by the Rev Stacey Chapman in the course of a sermon which the latter delivered on Sunday in St Paul's Church, Kyneton. The reverend gentleman also asserted, according to the published report of his sermon, that the State by allowing facilities forcivil marriages at registry offices was legitimising immorality. Mr Patterson is to a large extent in sympathy with this sentiment.. No doubt, he says, many very respectable people have been married at registry offices, and there is no doubt either that in their eyes the civil contract is regarded as binding and sacred as if the marriage had beeen celebrated in a church, or in a private house by a duly- ordained minister; but he nevertheless believes that the gineral effect of such amongst a certain class of people has been to lessen in their eyes the sacredness of the mnrriage tie. In fact Mr Patterson expresses the opinion that there is little difference in the moral aspect between the bulk of registry office marriages and the process of "jumping a broomstick." Sdme very fine specimens nf flax have been grown during the past season on the farm of Mr R. Hastings, of Buln Buln East. The experimental crop gave a return of seed equivalent to 20 bushels to the acre, and fetched as much as 14s per 1001b, to say nothing of the value of the fibre. Surely this should be sufficiently en \- couraging to induce others to turn their attention to flax. The Government, while gratified that Sir George Dibbs should express a desire to hasten on the achievement of Federation, are riot disposed to discuss his scheme of unification at the present moment, Of course it will be observed reading between the lines that Sir George Dibbs' scheme means practically all Sydney. It is in fact little more than another phras \- ing of the idea that he expressed at the last Convention, that unless Syd ; ney was accepted as the federal capital \- of Australasia there could be no 1 Federation at all. Writing in reply to a question as to how to cure bacon without it going rusty a correspondent of the Ballarat d Star says:-" It is not the curing, but the after treatment that farmers as a rule, persist in, that is the cause. 1 am not a-curer, but have sold tons, and may say would never buy a side cured by a farmer. Reasons-Rusty, too dry, and not cut up properly. Farmers generally take out all the ribs, and in doing so cut out all the e streaky, leaving on the middle noth Sin but rind and fat; then hang up for months in a lit kl?llccu. -rr '"Farmer" take my advice; go to your grocer and see how the side looks before he puts a knife into it (no ribs out). Then try when cured in the usual way. Wash off all sign of salt, hang up in a cool, dry, airy place, and I feel sure a cure will be ' effected. The following from a Sydney con temporary is rather straight talking : -Whether Queen Victoria gorges . on sauer-kraut or not is a matter which rests between her own con . science (or stomach) and herself, but anyway, John Smith has been sent to gaol for nine months for saying that she did do so. This is another matter in which some Australians are more English than the English themselves. If sentences for seditious language were dealt out in London on the same lines as they are in Queensland, SLabouchere, of 'Iruth, would now be undergoing a sentence of 3500 years, the first ten centuries in irons, while the proprietors of " Reynolds's " papers would be taken out and hanged every morning before breakfast as long as ever monarchical rule was upheld in England. As for what American pressmen say about the queen and her crowd, we dare not print a line for fear it would set. ire to the paper, and yet they worry aling all right and the earth never gapes and swallowed them for the terrible things they utter against the sainted Throne and Person. The " loyal " ass is a distinctly Australian beast. A Mrs Huizinga has been address ing the women of Kingston, N.Y., on the subject of the corset, and her eloquent peroration ran:-"The cor set curse among women is more insidious than the drink curse among men. Both sins seek to extenuate themselves on the plea of moderation. A women can no more be trusted with a corset than a drunkard with a glass of whisky. More harm to the health and vitality of our race as a whole is done by corsets than by rum. This article of clothing violates the laws of good health. It weakens the body, enfeebles the mind, and dwarfs the soul!" A strange fatal mining accident was re ported from Daylesford on Wednesday. Body of a mminer found at the bottom of a shaft with the top of his head cut .w !y and every stitch of clothing stripped off Twelve lots at Winchelsea, on the Gee long and Colae main road were put up at a Crown Lands sale at Geelong on Tuesday, but were passed for want of offer, with the exception of 1 rood 33 perches, being allotment 8, section 18; which was pur chased by Win. Alsop, junr., at the upset price of .4. He was a disbeliever in " woman fiddlers," as well as woman's franchise, and it was with considerable trouble they persuaded him to go to the Melbourne Town-hall and hear Madame Camilla Urso, (writes "Woomera" inthe Australasian). Theeffect was altogether so different to what he bad assumed that he sat spell-bound, and as soon as both artist and applause had ceased said, vehemently, "Damme, that woman deserves to have a vote." TheMayor of Sydney, Sir W. P. Mannino has granted the use of the Town-hall fora meeting to protest against tho death sen tence being carried out in the case of Montgomery and Williams, the burglars I who assaulted the police. His Eminence Cardinal Moran has expressed his willing ness to sign a petition for a commutation of the death -sentence, - 