FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. Monday night saw the last of " The Forty Thieves," and on the following evening " Aladdin," which was so successful twelve months ago, was placed on the boards. There have been good attendances during the W$ek, and to-night—the last of the season—the bankers will give a theatre party, which means that there will be a very full house. In this connection Quiz rises to offer an observation. It has been noticeable that what are termed " Bank nights" have been given to the London Gaiety Company and to Pollard's Liliputian Company. About four months ago a locally written and composed opera was produced in Adelaide. It may have been poor stuff; but it was local. The bankers, many of whom are capital fellows and Quiz's personal friends, did not, as it then appeared, regard the proceeding as worthy of a demonstration such as had been accorded to mere visitors. Some mistake, however, has been made, and Quiz is glad to announce that it was not owing to any local prejudice that the bankers did not specially honor "Immomeena." The opera was per formed when balancing was being conducted, and it was this subtle operation which prevented the gay and festive youths who feed on figures from attending in a body to sing " Ta ra-ra-ra-boom-de-ay" and to pleasantly demand the presence of "author" and " composerotherwise all the boys would have been there, and Quiz is informed that if ever " Immomeena " is staged again there will not be sufficient seats in- the gallery of the Theatre Royal. With these remarks let the subject be decently interred. Quiz hopes that the bankers will enjoy themselves this evening. " Aladdin " is a better pantomime than "The Forty Thieves," and the two boys, Harry Quealy and Willy Percy, manage to extract a good deal .of real healthy fun out of their parts. Miss Marion Mitchell likewise sings in a very bewitching manner, and manages to mash all the fifteen-year old gentle men in dress circle, stalls, and gallery. It would be unfair not to refer to Miss Lily Stephens, who makes a charming Princess, and—well, the time for panto mime is over, and perhaps nobody will regret the fact. Just one word in conclusion. " Linger longer, Loo," the song that is disturbing the peace and good order of London, is an inane production which can only find favor with yahoos. Quiz never wants to hear it again. There will be a performance of " Aladdin " this afternoon. * * * The Norman - McLean Dramatic Company will make their bow to an Adelaide audience at the Theatre Royal to- morrow night. Two at least of the members of the Company are well known to us. Mr. Albert Norman is a villain of the deepest dye, at least he ought to be, considering the number of times that he has represented scoun drels of all possible hues before us; and Miss Blanche Lewis, who in private life is known as Mrs. Albert Norman, has more than once delighted Adelaide audiences. If the remainder are equal to the stars amusement lovers will have nothing to complain of. In view of the increased usefulness of the threepenny-bit and the shrunken powers of the silver crown, it has been decided to lower the price of admission to the Theatre during the Noi man McLean season. Therefore be it known by these presents that on and after Saturday, January 20, and for the space of three weeks, three. shillings will purchase a ticket for the dress circle, and a humble florin will secure its possessor the right of entrance to the stalls. The opening piecq will be "Cinders," and it may be as well to point out that the title has nothing to do with a future life. The play is in four acts, and is of a most interesting description. The scenery has been painted by Alfred Clint, who will be remembered in Adelaide as the artist of the Mirror and Portonian, and if a well-balanced company cannot make matters hum, then it will be as well to close the theatre or devote it to such a purpose as mothers' meetings. A Sydney correspondent states that " Charley's Aunt" is really the funniest play he has ever seen. And he is a bit of a hypochondriac too. Anyway, Frank Thornton will be along in March, and you will be able to judge for yourselves as to the humor of "Charlie's Aunt." Charles Arnold is also coming, and in " Fritz " will give us something new and picturesque, if it be not absolutely startling. <L* * * Mr. Basse bumped up against his first snag on Saturday night. The weather was so unlike what it should have been that he decided to shut up the Continentals, and much to the grief of many a pair of lovers it was so. On Wednesday evening, however, there was a recompense. The atmo sphere was balmy, not to say wTarm, and the tens of hundreds of people who' visited the Jubilee Exhibition Grounds found themselves amply repaid for their trouble. Miss Amelia Banks met with a most flattering reception, and her rendering of the " Ave Maria " to the accompani ment of Mascagni's intermezzo was excellently given, albeit the selection was hardly a wise one. Mr. Fred Smith was in good voice, and gave "The Death of Nelson" very effectively. Mr. Phil. Langdale once more caused both pleasure and merriment, and there is no doubt that he can do more with his bassoon than an ordinary member of Parliament can achieve -with his vocal organs. This may seem like a poor compliment, but if you think hard you will come, to a different conclusion. The Battle of Waterloo still looms up largely in public favor, more so now since the extra attractions of " Napoleon's Ghost" and the " En chanted Fountain" have been intro duced. Manager Lockley has his head screwed on the right way, and knows how to get a draw. He has "struck oil" in both the "Ghost" and " Hydatapikelumina." The initial per formance of the latter drew a big house, and certainly it would have seemed almost impossible to believe that such tricks could be played with the Blue Ribbonists' swear-by. The way in which the liquid climbs to the skies and walks down again, then enters into a vivid Slavin punching match and other offensive and de fensive tactics is most amusing. All the fair damsels of Adelaide now swear by Waterloo. This is rather suggestive—eh ? Water, l'eau. See it? (Applause.) "Thank you, I deserve it!" * * * One of the first notices of " Carmen Up To Data " was headed " Saved by a Song," and Lonnen, in an interview, admits that such was undoubtedly the case. " The Bogie Man" was the saviour. " Rumpty Tumpty " has also staved off failure for " Little Christopher Columbus." * 3k 5k A comic opera company is being formed to do the larger country towns. Walshe will be the tenor and Ada Colley the soprano. * * ❖ Brough & Boucicault have bought Haddon Chambers's new play. They have also secured the rights of an Australian production entitled "The' Seventh Commandment." The name of the author has not yet been made public. * & Grattan Riggs, who has, for an Irish man, been very quiet of late, is now playing " The Irish Detective" in Bendigo. * Mr. Arthur King, of Aberdeen, better known as "Dot," is about to appear as a comic opera librettist. " Ali Khan ; or The Prince of Persia," is a travesti of the Gilbertian topsy turvy variety, and will be produced in Glasgow in February by the Euterpe Operatic Club. The music is by Mr. J. Lindsay Mackay, M.A., L.L.B., author and composer of " Natalie," "Prince and Pedlar," &c.; By those who have seen both libretto and music, the collaboration is expected to be a successful one. To-morrow evening Miss Annie Mitchell, of Tasmania, will make her first appearance in Adelaide, and Messrs. A. Duncan and Julian O'Sullivan will also contribute numbers. Mr. Duncan was until recently the principal tenor of the Adelaide Harmonie Society, and Mr. O'Sullivan, who has an excellent baritone voice, took part in the Society's production of " The Lily of Killarney." Mr. J. P. O'Neil and his Comedy Company have been holding the fort at Hudson's Bijou with fair success during the week, and the programme, which has consisted of the farce, " Ici on Parle Francais," and the bur lesque, " The Happy Man," has been favorably received. * * Williamson & Musgrove's Comic Opera Company will be in Adelaide in twelve weeks. There will be some absentees, notably Charles Ryley, who returns to England, Miss Violet Varley,, and Mr. Tapley. The last named) couple have decided to run in double harness for the future. Mr. Charles Saunders will probably be the principal tenor. * * * Sydney Truth of January 14 says:— ".After a first-rate season up country Albert Norman and his company left yesterday afternoon by the Innamincka for Adelaide. Just before he sailed Albert was talking to a friend in George Street, when a horse deliberately walked across from the other side and en deavored to bite him. It was ex plained afterwards that the animal, which belonged to a cabby, used to stand outside Her Majesty's. Having become acquainted with the fact that Albert was always the bad man of the piece, it probably took this oppor tunity of resenting his continued wrong doing and lowering of the moral tone which should prevail." 