Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. A silk hat oftentimes covers a bald head. The man who is scared at ghosts is afraid of nothing. A man who is blunt in his ways may be sharp in nis speeou. It is odd but true that ono can b^st judge of a woman's carriage when she is walking. Doctor: "You cough more easily this morn ing." Patient: "1 ought to; I practised all night." Tot: " Mamma, what are Bun dogs ?" Small Brother (interrupting): " I know, mamma; Skye tervierB." Johnny: " Pa, did you know ma before you were married ?" Pa, (with a sigh): " I thought I did, Johnny." " Hardup is a pretty decent sort of chap, but he never sticks to anything." " Did you ever lend him any money ?" Fweddy (lighting a cigarette): "You—aw—don't mind my smoking do you ?" Stranger: " Not at all, sir. I work in a glue factory." Author (whoso new play is bern* hiss :d by the whole audience): " Heavens! I shall have to hiss, too, or they will mid out that I am the author." She: " Ther« is a hair on your shoulder." He: "Oh—er—y.s; I've been playing with the poodle." Sh«: " That's too thin. Flossie is not a brunette poodle." Mother (to married daughter): " Don't you think ay photogi aph is good?" Daughter: ''I shonld say bo. When I showed it to Tom it scared him, it is so life-like." " Did your late boarder succeed in removing all liia effects ?" " I should say not," rejoined the landlady. "I don't suppose I can ever get the cigarette smell out of the curtains." Nature abhors a vacuum, And art a platitude. And this is mighty hard upon The gentle, harmless dude. " Do you know, you stupid donkey, why I pull your nose ?" asked a German officer of an awkward recruit. "I suppose it's because you know 1 haven't got any pocket- handkerchief." " I'll never invite an editor to my homo again," said the young author. " I had Bluepencil up over Sunday, aud my boy brought out the mucilage pot and 6aid, ' Dats what my pupa w'ites storwiea wid.'" I A Lesson from Industrial War.—Powers: " England is building twenty ironclads, and, of course, all the other nations of Europe will feel that they must follow suit." Bowers : "It would pay them better to form a combination and stop production." "Do you know how to whistle ' Daisy Bell' ?" asked the man who had advertised for an office boy. The boy thought that ho Baw the trend of the question and promptly answered " No." " You won't do then. I wanted a boy who had been through the attack and recovered." THE BTKPPING-81'ONE TO FOBTUNE. If I could write one single tale So great that every one would quote it, To make a fortuno I'd not fail, For I could find a steady Bale • For articles on " How I Wrote It." "I went to de magickan show lars' night," said Bastus'. " An' de way dat feller done tuk dollars out o' do ears ob people what hadn't any dollars 'for.! day came was a caution. I's gwino recoru raen' him fo' ap'aiton m our choych. He'd be a Napolmim Bonypark for takin' up de colleck shuns." House A<:ent: " Look here, young man, you've gone and leasod a house to those people who haven't paid us any rent for six months for the house they're living in now." Clerk: "Yes, air; but this new house is cheaper, and I thought it would be economy—for we wouldn't lose as much." "I'm so glad you've come, Miss Morrison! I have so longed for a dance with you. May I have the fourth waltz ?" « " You may if I am not engaged." " Your card shows that you're not." "Yea; but I'm soing to Bit out the third waltz with Wilbur Rmyth, anl—well, I may be engaged when the fourth cornea." Johnny: " Maw, what makes you always count the thin?R whon you Bend them out to the washer woman ?" His Mother: " I've always done it, Johnny, ever since your father and I began house keeping." Johnny: •• Why don't you count them when they come back ?" His Mother: " Well, I never got into the habit of doing th.it" "The trouble with this world, Raggsy," said Walker the tramp, "is just here. In Central America bananas crow wild, but there ain't no raarkit for Vm. Up here where there is a market for 'em they don't grow wild. What Nacher wants to do to help the workin' man is to have things grow wild where there's a markit for them tiingil" 