Catobing a Glioafcr,0„ We have just received information that a fatal- discovery has gone far to dissi^ pat!e'the'4-ook iriania unuer which Syd' ney, or a smalLtaejBtibn ~ftf SydnayAJ^a#' of late been lrfUofisJ^-L B Six . Without going into names and par-, ticulars of plifce'it ma.y be well 'to recall that- there have been vouchsafed i lately to 'certain.- carefully convoked persoris visions' of a.'female spirit — the spirit of a little- blaclc 'girl^arid of a male bearded spirit.' These. mysterious beings ' ma- terialised ?' ? under certain strictly pre scribed conditions. ,;.The persori' who could summon thein' from the vasty deep retired into a cabinet, shielded from, the vulgar gaze bydoRains j theiights were turned dawn .very low'; i then the expec taiit'^hostseers -joined hands -aud sang. The]n the ghost (generally the little feminine gljost)' appeared, and' indulged in - the' unghostiy, but very femininei antics of eating chocolate creams and distributing flowers; These ;thihg8 'were'' preceded by certain rappingsr-gtjie r^cogr nised mode of . communication, of the spirit! WPPlA' She (spectators were always advised~that~ an—attempt - to - seize — the ghost w^nlffibelinj uriou s! to .the m6diUrii'; who was in a trance behind the curtain — a shock to the medium's serves. , On Friday two sceptics, who . had at teri3e3 se\\*ef jil stances -fritlr 'a : view to' investication. made 'an attempt to seize the ghost. It' succeeded. It was'_ in jurious to the medium'# ?- nerves. i:3ut the-jnedium.iwas not in.a trance, behind the curtain. The medium -was seized. The medium had: on a -black mask, i and white drapery '- round the head. The medium1 was barefooted . The medium's shoes and stockings were behind the curtain.' 'Behind the; curtain also was a' black false beard 'and a shawl. Since these events there has been a meetnigT '' The' medium wants 'more seances under conditions. Theirivejsti gators want no more ; thoy are convinced that the whole affair is a humbug. statutory declaration of the ab££e';.fa«tsj has been s worn . — . lYotog, . jl 8j;h ? 