After Many Trials. CHAPTER XXXI. TIIE MASQUERADE. « 1— «ir sal 1 itC The duke and clucitess khuw «-» - cause,, although the gentle gill never, spoke 'of herorrow, and strove her ut-e mne» tnannear cheerful and happy when they were present. But as spn as s ; le was left alone, the shadowuld ca over her again, and-she would sit for houts pale and still, brooding over the joys that had flown. , -„„jc She had- earnestly entreated her fnends not to mention' that one sad episode, in he i life with them, consequently Lord Montford knew nothing of either Ai cm- bald iStenoxj o|.ister:s.loye for liim. 'A 'J/;-;:'!,: U' ! c.; '.i ' Wkat is the! rhatt'ir whh: our J bird ot paradise,' a's'his grace cftlVs -lier . P -'7 fully (demanded the-' carl qne r evening, when she had appeared more than usual y 1 sad and listless .during the day -Ihcy were standing in the library, looking out ' upon'1' the lawn through an open window. ' : H ) y.'-i-.LriS.i ' ("l/iy »' ' It has been very warm to-day, .P.P? she replied, evasively, though a- slig \ shudder crfeptf'over Iter while she was yct; f l!should say that my . little . girl .was too cold rather than too warm, lie r - plied, gravely, as he remarked it. Qnddpnlv he started. 0 . . His eye had tallen upon the day ot ihe month upon the tablet between the win dow's,1 arid instantly he Jremembeied tl at it was the anniversary of that mock mai- riage in' thejlittle. Italian village. . ,jHe grew . very, sad, and clasped hei fee- in his arms; ' as'hb asked, in a broken life ')l Have I darkened the whole of my, darling's voice ?' - , She followed his glance and iiead Int. thought. ; ' '>..< . . . ' No, no, papa,' she cried, twining arms about his neck, ' only I c0.HkJ. n?\ tnrrfnf it: arid— cLlld OtnCT thlllgS. It has' been just such a day as that i was ; but I Will try to forget it— it will , all pass soon.' i ' My dear child,' exclaimed the duchess , bustling in at.. the moment, and before , \he. earl had time tor a' reply, why ore you riot:,' preparing for Lady Aihclstone s masquerade?'"' .. ' My dear duchess. I had forgotten, but must we go ?' Lady Alice lcinai %-e looking up with a weary air. ' Certainly, love ; we accepted the in- irii-diinii Vnur costume is all in lead- \- iness, and it is time you were putting it on at this moment.' - The duchess playfully encircled her with her arm, and led her away aThey arrived at Lady Athelstone's about nine o'clock, and the sight which greeted them was one calculated to en trance the beholder, and _ almost make one a believer in the visions of Arcadia. ... , .,, The grounds \verebrtUiandy lllumin- \- in fanciful devices. Floral arches spanned the avenues at every few steps Awhile flags and gay decorations were flying from every quarter; andwfigucres fantastic, elegant, .unique, "and 'even horrible, were moving about in all [direc tions, .> . Ar Lady Alice soon became the centre ol attraction, in a beautiful qpstume which she . wore as . the '. Goddess ot Everywhere she went she heard the questions and remarks : I r ' iVh'o can she be ?' .'What a loyely creature !' ' Beautiful starry .Night !' and many similar comments. For awhile she enjoyed the novelty and excitement of the scene, and mingled 1 in the dance several times. But at length becoming weary, and her heart growing heavy again as she I thought of one who had so often been at her side in gatherings like this, she stole away, as she thought, unobserved to a auiet nook, where, throwing "herself on to a garden seat, she thought to rest and watch the scene alone. She had scarcely settled herself com fortably when she was startled by a step on the gravel, and looking up, she saw a black domino standing before her. ' Will the fair goddess of the night give me this quadrille ?' he asked, in muffled tones. \ His manner was most respectful, and there was a note of eagerness in his voice which made her pulses beat more rapidly and nlcn hfitraved that a refusal to comply 'with his request would greatly disappoint She did not like to seem ungracious, : yet she was really too weary to dance any more just then ; but after a moment's thought she arose, signifying her assent, took his arm, and was soon moving 1 '' among the merry dancers. . - She never forgot that dance. It was a waltz quadrille, and the music was be wildering, the figures charming. The figure at her side : moved in the most' perfect time— his every motion was full of grace, and when he lent her; his support, it seemed as if she became at once apart of himself, so in harmony was their every movement. His touch thrilled \ her through and through ; his breath, i when it fanned her chek, made the rich colour leap and glow there, and there |was a magnetic influence upon! lysnparti- . ' : ner which drew her irresistibly -towards ? him, compelling her to watch him con stantly with almost breathless interest. - , She forgot her weariness, she forgot her sadness, and when the music ceased, she heaved a sigh of regret that ;the fas cinating dance was over. The unknown offered her his arm, and n led her back to the seat where he had found her, ' CHAPTER VXXX1I. A5 T II E tl E T R O T H AT; R FN G. Scarcely any one was near, and it was about the hour for supper to be served and the guests weic gathering round the .pavilion , which had been erected for that purpose.' »' . .'The seat Was beneath the shadow of a sycamore tree, and thus they weic almost entirely c.oncealed ..from obser vation;' W £"; 'W -So the stranger",.topk vher hand from his arm, after thanking her in those same deep, rich, though" muffled tones for the pleasure for which he had given him; she iheld if an instant in his, and "'she could 'feeh its' pulses throbbing fiercely. . ! Pardon mc,' he said, more distinctly than he had yet spoken ' but do I niis- take iraddrcssing Mis; Alicia Vhhglian . She caucht her breath iwhileiher thcart beat-wildly. SursKehad'hearthac voice before. But qhickly coritrolling hei- s'elf,-. she, replied, with a trifle of > hauteur, in her'-, manner : ' , ' ' ' You, do not mistake.-; I have been called Alicia Vaugnar..' " i ' Have been !' he cried, sharply, and the pain in his voice pierced her heart like a knife. ; , .Then w.ith one''sivift movement lie cast' aside" his domino" -and; .lifted his Archibald! !.' came in a glad'.' cfy' from the startled girl's l;ps,_.. while, .she; .sprang eagerly towards him. - - ---.t-- . :L : He would have clasped her to him, : in the excitement -of the moment, .but | quickly recovering herself, Lady .Alice as suddenly recoiled, -drawing herself haughtily erect,, although she, , too, lifted the azure maskwhich'concealcd her face. . / . . ... ., ' I beg yoiir j pardon,' she said, icily, ' but I was net aware until this moment that Mr. Lenox was in England. ; . : ' I have- only been here, three days, he returned gravely, while lie, top, drew back from her a pace or two, and . folded nis arms over his aching lieai't. _ ' _ t He would not offend her'with his touch again, if it was So' distasteful to her, now mowing who ihe ; was. ,And then no ivords, 'I have been called Alicia Vaughan —what did they mean ? JHad he, indeed, no right ever to conic near her again ? A groan of agony, nearly escaped him as these terrible thoughts shot . through his brain, and he feared- that. , after .all his weary search for her, lie had found liei only to lose her again. But folding his arms more tightly over his heaving chest, he went on : " ' I have sought for you everywhere. 1 traced you to Genoa, to Turin, thence to Lyons, and Paris, where 1 lost signt of you' entirely, and only heard that you had returned to England a little more than a week ago.' 'Indeed ! and I would ask you what right Mr. Lenox has thus to search for mc ?' she cried, in her clear bell-like tones, all her wounded woman s natuic rising up against him as she remembered Father Antonio's statement 'jo the .duke., . ' The right of a wronged man to vindi cate his honor,' he replie j, in grave earnest tones. \- Her heart bounded at the words. 'Every one has- that right,' she said more gently, and deeply impressed by his manner.' As she glanced upon his luminious eyes, which were fixed so sadly yet wist fully upon .her, and rmarked the look bf keen pain upon his handsome face, strong misgiving's arose.within her and she began to fear that she, too/had deeply wronged him by,l not absolutely refusing to give any credence . to that vile story, i ' And;wiU you listen to my vindication ?' he asked. . . r' ' I cannot refuse,' she leplic.d, inclining her regal head, yet speaking coldly. . She would not yield in the least to wards him until he could entirely clear himself, notwithstanding the love in her heart.: Again a gro3n rose up within him at the sight of her cold, stern beauty; but ogain repressing .it, he went on, in a weary tone : ' I had hoped— on. so lunuiy nupcu — for a different greeting from you when we met again,- but it seems that life for me is to know much of bitterness, and I must school myself to bear it as best I may:'| , , . t I understood that Mr. Lenox's object in seeking me was tojvindicate himself. Regrets do not exonerate,' she laid, with a little touch . of sarcasm in her voice, and then wondered at herself for treating him thus, when she loved him so. ' True,' and I ask your pardon,' he re- turned, lifting his head proudly. Then, after a moment's reflection, he proceeded; . ' When j bade you a ' good night, after the consul's ball in Florence, 1 re turned to the palace, where you had met with such marked insult, to learn, if pos sible, the cause of it. I did discover the reason, much to my indignation. Doubt less you, too, have since heard what it was, s6 Ij will, not repeat it. j; He'waited "a moment, searching her bcautUut lace, anc oowcu uw -assent, and' he went on . « I should have flown to your side with the first' dawn of morning to comfort you had. not duty to a noble friend pre vented ' . ' Duty ?' she asked, wonderingly; while a flush ol shame suddenly mantled her cheek, remembering she had attributed his absence to" a very' different cause cowardice! .... , 'Yes, duty to my friend, Mr. lowers. Then he related his commission to Turin, and the leason why he had. been obliged to go in the sculptors stead. That was why you left Florence in such haste, then ? she cried, breathlessly. It was ; ana a bitter smile curled his lips as he fead in the question what had been her judgment of him. Why, then,' did you not send me word: It was cruel to keep mc in such suspense she said, passionately. His face lighted up more at her manner than at her words. ' Her heart, then, had been wounded by his seeming ncglccq and he knew that'the old love was not dead even yet. notwithstanding all her previous coldness, and those dreadful words — ' I have been called Alicia Vaughan.' i He explained .how lie had written, tcll: ing her all about it, but had forgotten in I his haste to direct the note, and had found ! it upon his desk when he returned ; and where they had gone no one knew. ' Ah ! ' she cried, while her face lighted up with a new hope, and her eyes grew gentle and tender, ' if you can explain one thing more as clearly as you have this then She did not complete the, sentence, but tearing off her glove, she drew from the folds of her dress a paper which she had never given up since the duke had first put it into her hands. It was Father Antonio's statement, and like the cross of torture which the ancient monks used to wear above their hearts, hugging the pain which was eating into their lives, so she, too, had worn in her bosom these words of fire, which had nearly burned her heait to ashes. Read that, and prove it false if you can ! she cried, in a trembling voice, and hold- Jtirr if rmf f him ill hf'l 55 1 151 lv 1 1"! f haild. He started as if he had been stung, while a low exclamation of intense sur prise escaped him. He did net take the paper, and she saw that his eyes were not even fixed upon it. but upon a. ring which she wore upon her finger. Where — where did you get this . He asked, hoiaiely ;and then overcome by an irresistible impulse, he took both hand and paper in his. It was 'riie betrothal-ring which had been placed upon her hand in the church yard above Sir John Rutherford's grave ! 1 It had been lying all this time in her I jewel casket, and she had never worn it since then ; but to-night, while dicssing for .tfle, ball, some wild impulse had prompted her to pick it up Willi others and slip it upon her finger. She instantly' withdrew her hand, leav ing tlfe paper in his palm. RJLenox will please remember that we arc.tliscussing a more important sub ject just now than the possession of a ring,' she said, haughtily. 1 Pardon and excuse me while I read, he returned,' bowing, though his white lips were set as if in keenest pain. Everywhere he went that ghost, of the churchyard followed him. He felt as if some horrible "magic spell, had been placed upon him that night, which would lollow him during his whole life, blighting all hopes of happiness and overthrowing every prospect. With ;i felling of despair in his hear he unfolded the paper, and stepping nearer a light he read those words which are so familiar to us all. He saw at once how conclusive to her the evidence must have been, and with out any opposing testimony there was no gainsaying. It was indisputable. A load was lifted from his heart, and the bitterness of his soul melted into tenderness as he realized all she must have suffered, believing him to be the wi etch he had been represented. 1-Ie forgot everything then but his great love for her, andjthat he had it in his power to prove himself guiltless in her sight. He returned to her side with a firm, proud step, and there was a bright, glad gleam in his eyes. Bending down, he looked searehingly into the sweet high-bred fice, and there was infinate tenderness in his voice as lie said, tremulously : ' Dearest Alicia, if I can prove' You forget yourself, she interrupted proudly. True ! ' Ah, he had (orgoiten uiose remote words of hers lor the moment, The ight went out of his eye, and his head drooped upon his breast. What mattered it now whether he proved himself innooent or not ? She could never be anything to him again, for he believed some one else had already won her — that she was some other man's wife — elsewhy that statement, I have been called Alicia Vaughan ? Tmc. he reoeatcd. I will not forget again ; but if I can prove the statement to be a mistake, would I be justified in your heart ? he asked eagerly. Prove it 1 she commanded, in a low tone ' yet he saw that she trembled so that she could scarcely stand. Will you trust my word. . All, how anxiously lie waited her reply ! i It was a strong, almost cruel test, but he could not refrain from making . it. But he could not bear her to believe him sfhe came, nearer to him :.she looked up into his face, and read its every linea ment, and into the clear, earnest eyes, which did not even waver bencatli :her steadfast, soul-searching gaze. : I will trust your word, she said, simply as her eyes fell. _ He drew a deep breath . and almost staggered. . It had been a vital moment with him. His soul had almost cried out in agony with the fear that she would not have faith in his word. ,, I do not wonder, he began, pointing to the paper lie still held, that with ,this you could believe me guilty of almost any crime. A year ago this hour I beljeved myself to be just what this paper states— a married man ! ' A low cry of surprise interrupted him He paused, but she cried, eagerly : Go on — go on ! To be continued . FOUXTA1X.S IX PRAY. Who doesn't enjoy looking at ft fountain in play r The bright water leaps into the air as though it were a living, conscious thing. I hen at the summit of its arch it is shattered into spray by the wind, or wafted to and fro like the skirts of a dancing girl. And all the while the roar of its ' rit: It and the tingling melody of its fall fill dc i his is water having a good time — -.valet in . hi, It spirits. What makes it jump, ring, and laugh in thai fashion? Wait a bit. it you please, wc will have the explanation later en. _ l'erh tps you know already; perhaps not. it isn't so easy to know things from the bottom. Under date ot March id'.h, 1S92, a lady wntes thai lor twenty years she always felt low-spiiUeo. Now, what is meant by " spirits" in this sense is a condition of the miv.d in respect of our being cheerful, happy, enjoying our surroundings, tak ing delight in all sorts of minor matters, and, 111 a wird, making the most of life ourselves id helping others to make the most of it. Well, then, it is both a glorious and a profitable tiling to be always in good spirits; I wish I could be tnyself.l «..( but I can't; anyhow im not. ixeunci is anybody. Yet why not ? What makes our hearts sink down like plummet, .and then ris; like a cork ? . before wc answer let us rea l the rest of tne letter. The writer says : " lot twenty years I have suffered from liver complaint and indigestion i was constantly tired, weak, and languid. M y skin was a sallow colour, and L had great pain at the back and shoulders. My appetite was poor, I had a bad taste m the mouth, and much pain and weight at the chest after eating. 1 was also frerpisntiy sick, throwing up a sour, frothy fluid. 1 took different kinds of medicine, but none of them gave me relief, and got weaker at id weaker. " In Maroh, 1864, 1 became so bad that I called a doctor, who attended mc off and on fci twelve months. He gave me medicines but I grew 110 belter, as nothing he prescrineci seemo (o reach iny complaint. About this time I lieaul of Mother Scigel's byrup, and commenced taking it. In less than a month all my pain and distress ceased, and I have since been in good health. 1 keep a bottlejof the Syrup in the house as a faintly medicine, and by taking an occasional dose have reeded no doctor. . " I tnay mention that my aunt, who lives at West Wycombe, bucks, was afflicted with in digestion and dyspepsia. She slates lhat.in her opinion Mother St- igel's Syrup has been the means of saving her life. ' You are at liberty to use this statement as you may see fit, N ours, truly, (Sifined) Mrs. Hanieil Cu-lur, lUnton House, 33, Ken niu re Road, ilickney, London. No philosopher has yet been able to say what is the exact relation of the .mind 1 ll'lU boay. This much, however, experience constantlj assures us of ; that it is very intimate, and that the condition of the mental faculties depends upon that of the body. As birds sing when the sun shines, and are dumb in the dark, so the spirits and mental powets rise and express them selves when we are in health, and are dull and torpid when the body is under ihe weight of pain and disease. And to know that is to know all we require to act upon. Everything, money, influence, and every h rm ol success depends so;largely upon health that by universal consent we don't expect good service from ilio;e who are ill. All i'lness, mne times in ten, means precisely what Mrs. Culler suffered from such a long and weary period — indigestion and dyspepsia — the ailment cured (when the doctors are done with their fruitless experiments) by Mother Seigel s Curative syrup. The fountains play only when tire water is- forced powerfully through their pipes by gravity or by machinery. So the spirits ate free and clastic only when the organs within us act with out hindrance or obstruction. 