FLOTSAM and JETSAM. Elections. Now all over. New Parliament. Meets on 25th inst. Seven new members. Will the change be for the best. How; many will keep their electioneer" ing pledges. His Excellency the Governor will ar-" rive in Perth on' Monday next. Can sixteen shillings and sixpence be multiplied by sixteen shilling and six pence. Some say ye, others Bay no, which is right? We say, as m"n«y no, as numer- : als representing money yes. Both are right, and both are wrong. Estimated population of New South , WaLs at end of 1893, 1,197,050 ; Yic- I toria, 1,167,373 ; Queensland, 421,297 ; South Australia, 331,721. . Voltaire, the great French atheist, was a moral cowaid. It is a we 1 known fact that he feared to Bleep in the dark. Of such is the " kingdom of doubt." Says an Adelaide exchange : — Sir Win. Robinson ays that in West Australia the Catholics and a section of the Anglican Church are in favour of assisted schools. Mdlle. E izabeth Runneich, without arms, was married to her im/pressario, an Austrian. The lady signed the register with a steady foot, and the wedding ring was placed on her fourth loo. Consequent on the deaths of Cardinals Ricci-Parracciani and Thomas there are eleven vacancies in the Sacred College, which is now ' composed of thirty-one Italians and twenty eight of other nation alities. j In view of her impending marriage with the Czarewitch of Russia, Princess Alix Victoria of Hesse, daughter of the late Princess Alice of England and grand daughter of Queen Victoria, has formally joined the Greek Church. It is estimated that on our globe, which is inhabited by 1,500,000,000 of human beings, there are 33,033,000 deaths every year. Is it any wonder that a wise church should aBk us to be ever mindful in our prayers of the wanes of the 'dying ? These last few years Russia has floated in France eight loans' aggregating to four milliard and a half. Victorious and ruthless Germany only taxed the' French half a milliard more. This is a clear case of " Save mo from rry friends I" The Anglican Synod wants deaconess es, with a Mother Superior over them, but wi'h liborty left to them to take (he e'igible one when he turns up. Another step Romeward, the salve to the " Round heads " of the church being supplied in the non-celibate regulation. The album which has been presented to the Pope with the signatures of distin guished men who feel grateful for the Encyclical Do Conditione Opificum con tains the names not only of Catholic sovereigns but a'so those of many states men, diplomatists, members of parlia ments, cardinals, bishops and others. Nearly every civilized coun ry in the. world is represented. It is said of Queen Margherita of Ita'y that she is a prey to indescribable terrors latterly. Nob only is .«he convinced that the House of savoy >s destined to be overthrown very shortly, .bub that the crisis which we are told wil destroy the Italian monarchy will be barbarous, and teiminata by forcing the soverigns to to mount the scaffo d. The sad fate of Marie Antoinei'e is ever in her mind, and she frequently says, "1 shall die in the same rnnr.ner." She attributes most of Italy's misfor unes to the sacrilege of despoiling the Soveringn Pontiff of his possessions and authority in Rome, and earnestly 'desires to see a reconciliation take place between the Votiaan and Quirinal. Poor old Parkes — " Flaneur," in the Sydney Freeman, says " Homo once m re from from a foreign shore," is the song Pa Parkes sings to-day, but a:- fch<>ugh he saw plenty of gold in West Australia it dosen't appear that any admirers pu:. a cake of ihe precious metal in his hat or asked him to leave them a lock of his hair in re urn for a '30 lb nug get. While at Perth our great patriot, poet and philosopher advi. od the people to e ecb puresoulod representatives (like himself) if they wished to be happy and prosperous, and nob follow the awful examples of New South Wales, whose Premier actually said " d — :n " and dined at picnics with publicans and sinners. In return for this fatherly advice the men of Perth presented Sir Henry with a walking-stick, which was a highly sig nificant hint that ilieir distingu shed visitor's room was preferable to Irs com pany. This led to ourG.O.M.'s prompt return, and fears are n>'W entertained- that ,w e will never be able to even give him away or loose liim in a crowd. Sir Henry's political sun has certainly set, and so far as party leadership is concern ed he is now as dead as his own " Kiama Ghost." 