The Tragedy of the Swamp. The swamps and bayous of the south nre its ghosts — Its unburiod oorpsso— its death- traps. To bs lost in one of tha great swamps of Mississippi or Louisiana means more than death. It mentis suoh terror boforo death aomes that you would pray to die and wol- coma tho messenger with apon arms. In tho old days of bondage a slave who ran awny to the swamps was entered on the books as dead. If the alligators, oerpents, vultures and awful loaesomecess drove him back to slavery, well and good. ,. If thoy did not his master know why. Ho know, that death had oleimod him and ho ooald hot ooise. In theeo swamps the saurian and the serpent find thoir paradise, Xiiora is nothing to dis turb thorn— notbios to prevent them from living out thoir days. It is so dark and gloomy thut tha owl aries oat at midday— so full ol woirdnosD and terror that ths vulture is alsruod by tho sound of his own voice. ' i Wo walked out on a long tonguo of solid ground ponotratiug ths waters of tho bayou for bslf n mile. Hvrs the waters set beak from tbo Posrl F.iver until thoy formed what might be oallsd a Isko, In time of drought this spot would almoot bs tillable. In time of flood the lake would bo twioe as large. There are tress standing liore and there — stumps showing abovo tbe ourfaos— logs and (twos afloat, . Every tree ia loaded down with thslaneralmoou, vmioh nwinga to tho lightest breeze. Every log is moss-growo aud de cayed. Evory gallon of water has the gorms of malaria and break-bone fever. It is the moot melancholy koality the human eye ever saw. Obain a strong man hero sod he would go mad in a week. , Life 1 Too. Bus such lifo I It is near midday, and tha great alligatoro are banking in ths sun, while the rattlesnakes, ootton- moatliB and mooesslno move lazily about. A groat bird of prey sits on the sole limb of a decayed tren overhanging tha water, his head under bis wing cud unmindful of our prosouav. Humanity bsB no right hero. It is oue of tho holl.spota of ths earth, Bring , here ona of tho greatest Dinners of esrtb end give him his choioh between this spot and the torments of hell and he would ask to be led; away. __ ' 11 Look I Look I must be orazy I" So called two or three volees in ohorus, and I looked soross tho southern arm of the lagoon to see n raft just putting off from the shore. It was only a couple of logo lashed togother, sad It naovod ont slugeiahly. Standing in tho oentre was a men— a negro. He was half a mile away, but tho glasB which one of tha hunters carried brought him with in a tow fstt of no. He was a stalwart fellow,1 bnt ha had an ugly look. He was a criminal and a fugitive. Hs had aommiltod sums serious uriuin to foroe Mm to take refuge born If purauit had bscn rondo it hid not availed, lid did not look back and around him like one who feared to hoar the bay of dogs and shouts of mon. Hn bad eaciuret tho nwatap until ba ooald endure no mora At the banard o! being naught he wal. bound to got out of it. If ho oriuld fipzl liimoclf across to the tonguo of firm land tho rast of ths way was easy. He ratisi havo known of ths dangers but he was desperate and determined. . He had no covering for this head, hie. shirt woe in rags, and bin tow and patobod-puntB were rolled- up to tho I - co, He bad a pole, .by which' means ho . xopolled the rnfLiu a eluggiob fasliiou., ... y ' . " Bftclcdut of sight— all pf youi" whispered ono of ths grpup, pad we lost no .timsln . objwipn.., . " " "" - , " Thoy toll of tho southern man hunting tbo negro down as Its would a wolf, and they would havo yon bslieve that ho has no pity nor mercy for him vrhsn he breaks tha law. These were southern men; and they knew that robbory or murder bad driven thatblaok man to eneountor the perils ol tlio great swamp, Is wan pity fur him — it wan meroy in their hosrtu which took tlio group out of hio sight that ho might not fear to limit. It was to fjiva him a obonoo for his lite. I did not anderztund for is momout. Then a groan from ouo of tho mon earned me to raiso my head. Thora wno a ripplo in tho etill, yellow waters of tho bayou. It was to the loft, and in tbrco oeoonds there was a second to tho right. " Ha iu drowned I" whispered ono of the men as ho handod me the glees. As I looked thora woro moro ripples — s dozen whirls and splashes — a commotion as of a score of swimmers, and directly I saw s monster clligator ranr half biz longth out of tho water. Tou may have eoan man die iu their beds or on tho field of battle, but did you ever eeo a strong man flight for hie lifo against terriblo odds and finally go down? It is so with s man whou the deadly undertow clutches him. It is so when ho is pnlUd down by wild beasts. Terror blanched this man's blaak iaas to tbo aolor of sahes when ho realised his peril. It Biadn him tiumblo like one iu u chill, Hs opaiscd hio mouth to uhout, but no sound came. From every portion of that bayou there was a rush of eauriana — twenty — fifty —a hundred — a thouaand, it seemed to ma by tho splneh nud aommotion. A bravo man may woalron at peril, but motion comes and ho dios gamp. In one rnitiato that bleolt man shook nil tho fo&r; which chained him, shut his teeth hard, aud the tiro of desperation burned in hie eyes us it does in tboso of a wild beast brought to hay. Ho heat at ths bl&ok; heads and ouonts with hio etont polo— ho used it ns a olub aad a epor.r, and for five minutes ha kept Ilium off. Ho was etill a quarter oi a mile from us. I saw him caloulato tho dis tance with his ayo. Then ho looked around at his foes. Just thou a monitor saurian reared itself hnlf its longth upon tho raft, determined to he firet at she feuit. With one last powerful blow the pole was broken over the reptils'e husd, tha piece flung aciilo, and with a short ruu and n pauther-lihu leap the negro seemed to olesr ths circle closing in on him. In a few souonda his head appeared and he shrunk bravely out, whila wo nuvr showed ourselves and oucoursgod him by voiae and gesture, IIo bad mads fifty ted, and he wss cleaving tho waters with a strong arm when he suddenly sprang breast high abovo the eurfaeo, uttered an awful cry of agony, and wuu drawn down to hn teen no more. The waters were Inched and vexed until the muddy waves ran to our feet, but tho turmoil gradually ceased, tha reddish tinge wan absorbed by the yellow, end ten minutes after hs disappeared ws saw nothing but tha overturned rati drifting down to lodge in a tree-top. 