Literary Gossip. To the "Men of Action" series, a life of Lord Clyde will he contributed by Mr. Archibald Forbes. ' Under the title of "Essays in Modernity," a volume. of papers by the late Francis Adams will shortly bo published. Some of them have already appeared in the FORTNIGHTLY REVIEW. Though it is hardly fair per- haps to speak disparagingly of a dead man's work, yet it is not far wrong to say that a good deal of the "modernity" in question smacked decidedly of old-fashioned egotism of the most intense kind-" fluent nonsense," with a strong infusion of bitterness. In thia age of ours which.-for all its claims to scientific accuracy-has soon quackery of so many kinds revived, it is not surprising to hear of a republication of "The Hermetical and Alchemical Writings of Paracelsus." They are to bo published in two volumes by Messrs. James Elliott and Company, of London, for issue only to subscribers, and will contain the whole of the writings attributed to Paracelsus, treating of the " Elixir of Life" and the "Philosopher's Stone." The question, indeed, has never been settled as to the 'exact order of cele- brities to which Paracelsus belongs. Was he a great physician and philosopher, or simply an impostor ? At all events, as a practitioner of the healing art he acquired an-immense reputation in his time, and was certainly revolutionary enough in his methods. The use of minerals in the compound- ing of medicines was greatly encouraged by his example. He may perhaps have been a chemist of uncommon attainments, and have had more than ordinary skill in the knowledge and treat- ment of disease, while his notions about the discovery of a universal medicine, and respecting the transmutation of metals, may have been honest delusions-rde lusions which were generally shared by his contemporaries. However this may be, at any rate, he resorted to a great many of the devices which have been the badge of all the tribes of quacks since the world began-mysterious assumptions of wisdom and pretensions to special art in unlocking the profoundest secrets of nature. But the writings . of Paracelsusj what- ever else they may lack at this time of day, must be interesting as illustrative of the strange and fanciful speculations which at cine time were so widely'accepted, even by the most accredited of sageB and teachers. An analysis of the 13,669 signatures in the visitors' book at Shakspere's birthplace for the year ended March 31 last show, that 38 different nationalities :. were represented. England and Wales contributed 10,779 of these pilgrims, America 1682, Scotland 296, Irejand 206, Germany 108, Canada 96» Australia 8*7, India 67, Africa. 63, Prance 53, New Zealand 36. Pour each came from Japan, .Java, and Portugal, but only ?2 from China and Egypt, and 1 from Denmark* S Herr SyloiY, the' distinguished. German his- torian, who is now. in his 76th year, recently celebrated the 50th anniversary of his; ap_ pointment to a University, chair. Herr Sybil, like many others of his literary countrymen, was at one time strongly opposed to the pohcy of Bis- marck, but that feeling has given way to warm admiration for the genius of that masterful statesman, and presumably to personal regard for him also. At all events the professor of late years has frequently been a gueBt of the man of blood and iron.' Outside of.his own country Herr Sybil is probably best known by his history of tho French Revolution, ' The poem of " Tamerlane," an early produc- tion of Edgar Allan Poe/ is in the original edition of .1827, one of the rarest of hooks. A copy was recently discovered which is valued at more than ¿8300. It is said to have been picked up more than 60 years ago, and of course for a trifle, from a second-hand bookseller in Boston. A few years ago another copy of the same edition was sold for ¿8500. This posthumous honor to the author of '^The Raven "-who, while he lived, poor fellow, had so little recognition, at léast in that substan- tial shape-should, one wóuíd imagine, to borrow Marc Antony's phrase in Shakspere, " make his ghost gaze" with astonishment in spirit land. The ' veteran American author, Dr. Oliver "Wendell Hólmes, is engàged on .his memoirs, to which he devotes a few hours every day. They will not be published till after his death. The poems of the novelist, George Meredith, which have been a considerable time out of print, will shortly be republished by Macmillan and Company. The author of " The Silence of Dean Maitland " (the religious, orirreligious,novel which attracted so much attention for a while), whose pseudonym is Maxwell Gray, is Miss Mary Gleed Tutlett. Her father is a doctor in the Isle of Wight, where she was born. Her health is said to be very delicate, a result, it ia thought, of her too close application to reading. "Even in our ashes live our wonted fires." Mr. Gladstone has contributed to the May number of the NINETEENTH CENTUBY some recently made translations of the love odes of Horace. A contemporary gives some interesting par- ticulars of Mra. Green, widow of the popular historian of the "English People," and herself a historical writer of no ordinary ability : " Living in the country she was compelled to work alone, and, after devoting herself to Euclid, Greek, and theology for some years, she j was stopped in her career by an affection of the eyes resulting from overwork. When she re- covered shè tôok up various scientific studies j and after her marriage she did a great deal of hard reading. Her first attempt at independent literary work after Mr. Green's death was her ' History of Henry II.' All the materials relating to the period'were in Latin, and tho fair author was obliged to study the language. She soon learned it, and mastered her materials. Mrs. Green's grandfather was tho Bishop of Meath and her father was Archdeacon Stopford." : < In the old days in England literature and arms could hardly bo said, except in a few exceptional instances, to have had even a nodding acquain- tance. Marlborough certainly never consorted with tho writer who celebrated his achievements , in tho poem of " The Campaign," or with any others of the authors of tho period.. In the next generation, indeed ono of tho greatest compliments to literature was . ¡ paid by . one of the most distinguished of military chiefs-that is if wo are to believe the familiar saying attributed to Wolfe when floating down tho St. Laurence, that he would bo prouder of having written Gray's "Elegy" than he would bo if ho were to take Quebec. Still, in times much nearer to our own, the sword and pen were seldom in other than metaphorical conjuncture. The Duke of Wel- lington was, it may safely bo assumed, never heard of as "giving diroction" at a banquet of men of letters. Decidedly ho had no ambition to be considered as of the fraternity himself. However, things have altered a good deal in these respects. Lord Wolseley, as everybody knows, has essayed I the craft of authorship as well as " the trade of i war." On the other hand, the last anniversary dinner (the 104th) of tho Royal Literary Fund was presided over by no less notable a warrior than Lord Roberts. One of .the most interesting speeches of the evening was. delivered by the hero of the famous march to Candahar. Among the other speakers were the American Ambassador and'the distinguished historian Mr. Lecky. In the May humber of the REVIEW' oft REVIEWS there is an account of an interview with Rolf Boldrewood. The Australian novelist is found posing in the somewhat interesting' attitude of a critic of other writers identified with this country. For the most part he is kindly and appreciative. ' But in one remarkable instance his tone is. somewhat the reverse. Speaking of Marcus Clarke, he sums him up as " a clever cockney." The phrase by any amount of twisting can hardly be considered as complimentary.' Taking it indeed at what it is actually worth, ono might characterise it as equally superficial and unjust. As uttered by the author of " Robbery Under Arms " of the author of " His Natural Life," it comes with a very regrettable absence of , modesty indeed. Without any .unfair depreciation of the merits of "Robbery Under Arms," it may be confidently said that in all those qualities which distinguish cleverness and mere talent from that power which is nearly akin to genius it bears no comparison with Marcus:Clarke's book. .¡A Frenchman having lost his dog,: says,\tha PALL MALL GAZETTE, -writes thus to his friendL:. .Ma destinée est tout á fait nouv^e, i- ,< M»> «~ ,. Contraire, en tous points,;¡aux joh oses ici-tas». '*. Armanzor," mon chien, m'est infidèle, " , Et ma maitresse ne me trompe pas. . v : To -which the friend replies'! . , Ta destinée est nullement nouvelle, Ello resseroble, en tous points., aux: chosesicifïas. On te vole ton chien, tu le crois.infidèle, v r'y . ' Ta maîtresse te trompe, et tu lé ne crois "pas. ,v ' '*...>? - Our contemporary then "gives the following--.' English translations, which it says were made.bywi the late Chief Justice Cockburn : My destiny is strange indeed and new, In all respests, unlike tho common lot. My dog proves false, whom I believed so true, : , My love is faithful, and deceives me not. . ^ ; To which the friend replies : ; . ;" . Thy destiny is neither strange nor new, In all respects, 'tis lite man's common lot. . Thy dog is stolen, whom thou believ'st untrue, Thy love is false, and thou believ'st it not. To the accomplished Chief Justice's version ol the Frenchman's plaint, and the cynical response of his friend, may. be appended a somewhat freer rendering of the original : What novel experiences fato has for me, How revorsed are the rules it is wont to pursue; Thus Armanzor, my dog, from his master can ilee. Yet while ho's unfaithful my mistress proves'true. Tour fate is precisely the Fate of your lund, It diifers in naught-let the facts clearly show it j A thief has your dog-with your mistress you're blind. She deceives you for sure, and you simply don't know it. The author of " An Englishman in Paris" ia about to publish a new book entitled " My Paria Note Book." It treats chiefly of the politi- cal personages, and also of the social conditions, since the war of 1870, and is said to he foll of anecdote and gossip. One announcement of the book is coupled with the hope that it will be a little more veracious than its predecessor. The Imperial Academy of St. Petersburg haa determined to issue, underjthe title of " Bysantine Chronicles," a quarterly devoted to Bysantine history, archaeology and philology. The articles will be written in Prussian, or in modern Greek. The poet and critic Ludwig Pfar died in Stuttgart on April 12. He was mixed up in the revolutionary movement of 1848, and had to fly to Prance. After 14 years' absence from Ger- many he settled in Stuttgart, and became editor of a paper. He published several volumes of poems, chiefly lyrical. Both as a poet and critic he was much esteemed by his countrymen. 