"pan The Sea Give Up its "Dead ?" Told by ail Ex-Dctccti vc. OHAPTHR I. ina anoaix-r UAnnex. i , in that delightful enburb ol Lohdon, Hempstead, dwelt (Sir Ohnxles Lsota . a man pot ol groat woalth for tlia poeitiou bo held by his rank. Still, hewasprond and' mnghty, land, to those who offended bim, a ern and unforgiving. The honao in which ho lived wai an old- : No. 1.— "My dlisr benefactor !" ho cried, hnrryJog op to Iho bod anil bending over the alek man. laahioned rod hrioic one, snrronnded with a high well and fine old tress, whiob shut ont the ohanning prospeot ol the aountry around. < The windows were quaint, being formed ol little oqaares— for Sir Charles woold have been horrified at tbo idea of modernising the dear old place. Ha bad for many years lived almost tbo lite of n hermit ; even his own re lations were reastrcd with each coldness that they called as seldom aa propriety would permit, To this qniet mansion I hadbeonenm- monod, and then I. found Sir Charles ex tended upon a sola bed, with a email table plseed by his eido. On this table were fruits, n Bible, and a botilo of physio. " Be seated, Mr. Gerval," said Sir CherleB, " May I offer yon soma refreshment ?" I "No, thank you, Sir Ohorlea ; but, it you I please, we will to basioeee. I always like to hava the fall particulars at once, and I would auk yon not to keep any secret from me. Of course, what you toll zne will be iu the etriotest oenfidenao." ' " Good 1 I will endeavor to oarry out , ynnr instruction s. I may as well inform you | that this bouse has been said to be haunted I aver since the days ot Quean Anne. I did not believo it ; but now '. He paused, bis face became pale, and hie lips quivered. Then ho added in a broken voice ! j " Now I believo it." I " Believe it, Sir Charles I" I exclaimed, is i astonishment. " It would take a great deal i to make mo Believe any bouse was haunted." n "That may bo. However, listen. You smuBt know that my eetatoe were entailed, but my grandfatber, with tbo consent of my ; father and myself, oat off the entail. The reasons for doing' this were, firstly, heavy ! mortgsgos which had been made to pay my igrandfather's gambling debts— tor wo nil preferred poverty to dishonor." t " Bat, Sir Ohatlos, you are not poor 1" r "Not ns en ordinary man," said Sir Charles, with pride; "but (or my position 'terribly so. Wei), let that matter pais. I oame into tbo property, in duo course ol timo, anf set about restoring the family for- tnno. Foolish idea I I showed my know ledge of the. world by marrying;- love, a ginger— beautiful aa an angel. Botno matter; sho died in giving birth to a child. Oh, how I loved that ohild I Perhaps I am to blame for what happened aftorwards. Herbert grew up self-willed, and — Heaven forgive me for having to nay it of my son 1— dissoluto to a degree. I argued with bim— he laughed in my faoe ; I booomo stern — he replied in cqoal anger. I tamed him from my 'doors, and ho fled to Anstralic. But a vengtanec more terrible then mine overtook him. Too ship struck upon some rooks on the coast ot Australia, and every soul on board perished. But time heals the deepest woqpd of the affections, and 1 forgot and forgave Herbert. I adopted a relation — a aoasin only — who ie now at college, and on him I have soltled everything— ay, even to my heart's lovo, and 'well hava I been repaid by his offeation," 1 " Well, Sir Charles," I said, " if that is the cose, I trust you are at last happy," " I should have been," groaned the baro net. Then, aftor a pause, he added in an 'awestruck whisper, " Can the bob give up its dead 1" I Tho intensity with whioh the qnsstion was put somewhat startlad ma. However, witb an attempt at a smile, I gave him to undor fetand that I was no boliovor in the eupor- natural. He drew himself nearer io me, and said, in a whisper ; - l " My son Herbert, who was drowned at ess, haunts this house. I—/ have ten him." ' It must bavo been a delusion or a triok, my dear air," I remarked. " Neither," ho said, earnestly. " It wss his spirit. I had juBt awakened from a light doso, when by the moonlight whiah oame through that window I saw a shadow glide aoroBS the room. X Buffer from an affeo- tlon of the spino, and onn but move with slowness, and. with the great oat pain. How ever, with some difficulty I msnsgad to raise myself on my elbow to watch the opeotre's movements. It glided to yonder esaritohre —to open whioh yon mUBt toaah a eeoret spring. This the apparition soemed to know, lor it touched tho opring, the sooret drawer iflew open, and the spirit took thorefrom a 'certain document." i' " aid you oertain, Sir Charles, you wero not dreaming?" ' " I wee not dreaming," Mr. Gerval. " Oh, no I I called out. Who are you — what do you want here !' The epeotro turned its faoe towards me, and I saw by the pale light of tho moon the features ot my son. He gazed sot- rowfnlly at mo, and then vanished olose. by that old wardrobe." ' 11 A startling story V I remarked. "Have yon seen anything einco 1" " Onoc— only ones— and then it vanished in a moment." . " Yon found tbo doonment all right?" ''Yea ; bat it had bean opened and reed." "And what was the nature of the doon ment?" I inquired. I "MywiU. The will in whioh I leave all my property to my adopted son— George Standing. Since that I have bad tho will re moved to an iron sale." : "And you have not seen tho ghost eineo?" . i ."Never. But I have known that it has 'been near mo. I hove heard it." ,, f «' Heard it 1" - ' -vitir' 1 "Yes. Have I not told you that my wife was a singer? Well, she used to play tbo ;harp admirably. 'When sbe died I could not |benr the sight ot the instrument, and had it iromovod to a room whore, amongst old osbi- nets and so forth, it has remained, in epito of my son's pleading that it ahonld bo given to bim— for ha was psssionatoly fond of mnsie ; but I oonld not boar any one to touoh her barp, so it remained silent until" — bora be paused, pnasod his hand quickly over bis eyes, and groaned. Tbon, leaning over to wards mo, bo said, in a solemn wliiupor, " Until a low nights ago, whon I heard that harp played by— by— my wife." I "Impossible I You said that oho diod .in Riving birth to yonr only son?" 1 re marked. " That is pcrleotly true; but at the same tfrno I can swear that I hoard her play ona of those wild Gorman airs ot which abe neod 'to be so fond. I listened, entranaod. I leonld not— I dared not move. The next morning I went to tho room, not into it — / could not do thai. I found it looked and iboltedae Ihadleft it. I examined the bolLs, and tho dost wits still on thsm. no one oonld have entered that room." " Your adopted son, Mr. George Standing —does he know anything about this!" I asked. "I wrote IWm all psrtionlers, and I ox- peotoil him hero from Oxford bofors yon," roplied tho baronet. " I wished you to con sult with him." "Cobfound it all!" I thought. " When will people loam to keep their tongues still?" Hat 1 said quiotly to Sir Charles, " I am qurn I shall bo moot delighted and——" Tho sonorous olsng ql thp lodge bell in terrupted ns. A carriage oame up tho drivfe, nnd in a few momenta a handuomo young fellow burst into the room in a manner I thought littlo fitted for a sick chamber. 11 My dear bonofaotov," he oriod, hurrying up to the bed and. bending over tho sick man — (See PioturtNo. 1) — "whet ie tbio I hoar? Can it be that some wretches are trying by theiso means to rob you— to kill you— by -working on your too sonoitive nr.iuro? Of aouriia na to their being real epoaf res, thnl'e all moonshine." " Huab, hush, George I" said Sir Charles, faintly; " you ova. too boi'Btorous lor me. This is tbo gentleman whom I hava bad fetched from London to solve tbe mystery, and he says that wo inns! keep tbe matter entirely to oureolvn. You must not lot a eoal in thu houen know who or what he is— yon understand ?" Mr. George banning declared that be did understand, and nnook me cordially by tho hand, saying that ho would help mo in ovary way. Then ho insisted thnt be should sleep in Sir Chariot' room, and Sir Charles have another, whore be would not be disturbed. I bad wished to bavo made the soma pro posal about the' room, aa I wanted to sloop thoro ; but tho baronet soemed delighted nt his adopted eon's aonrego, and 60 I had to giro up my olaira. I strolled, iotc the extensive grounds, and lit my aigar so :m smoke and tblnk over tho aase. But I a iuIO >,ho nothing of it. Of a truth, f dhl not lika tbo interference of Mr. George Standing— n handsome, opon-fsccd gonllemnn, but' with unsteady eyes and lips, No. 8.— I stolo gently up Miitid him, but strik ing something with my foot, .be sound attracted his attention and, what I dislike, far too gushing. In tho midat ot thoes thoughts the sound of tho dinnor-bell struck upon my ear, and I hurried back to join Mr. Standing in tbe dining, room, as I bad promised to do. Dinner over, at Mi-. Standing's invitation I joined him in tho smoking- room, where we bad eome cupit&l; cigars nnd ooffoe, In conrso ol conversation ho let drop the secret that Sir Charles' son had to go abroad in cense, quenoo of some forgeries ho bad oommittod. " Sir Chatles never told me that," I oaid, quiokly. " No, of aouxse he would not— the honour ol the family, and nil that kind of thing," said Mr. Standing, pomohnt huskily. " And now poor Bertie has gone, tbe least said about it the better. But that was the ease. 01 oourse Herbert had to bolt, and— you know the rest — he was drowned." - — ' " You are sure ho was drowned I " Positive. I do not know all the fall par ticulars, but Sir Ohnrles had the oase thoroughly investigated, nnd there vrae not the oligbteU doubt ol it. I never conld make poor Herbert ont. I eapposo his errntio and bad qualities oame from the mother's side." "Perhaps bo, "M remarked, quiotly. " "You sieop in Sir Cberles'room to-night?" "I do," bo muttered, palling lorth a pistol, "And if tho ghost appears I intend to lire at it." ' Be oarotul, and doh't shoot rashly," I remarked. " If Sir Charles really did see this phantom, who can tell that it may not be some sleep-walker ? And in that oase it would be homiaide, though, perhaps, in the lowest degree." "Never fear mo; I know what I am about," be said. "Perhaps yon will have news by tbe morning." "Perhaps I shall," I said, and, wishing bim good evening, strolled out in tbe grounds. CHAPTER II. me mystert of inn mnp. That night, being tired from the day's work and the fresh air, I aoon foil asleep, to dream of all kinds of ghosts and mysterious musia. Suddenly I awoko,and as I collected my thoughts, the sound ol masio foil upon my ears, but not tho musio whioh I had hoard in my dreams. It. was the music of a harp lightly tonebod, and yet with exquisite feehng. I do aontess that after all Sir Cbnrlee had told mo I began to feel suporetltlaaB tor the first time in my lifo ; bat for all that I was not to be dono. So getting out ol bed hastily, I put on my olothos, taking oare, however, not to put on my boots ; for I wlebod to . steal about tbe houBa as noiselessly es possible. Tho musio had ooassd by now, and all the houso Beamed wrapped in eilenoc. Taking up the lamp, I gently unlocked my door endBtole out into tbe corridor. All' quiet. Indeed, niter tho shock my nerves bad reoslved, seemed to ma most un naturally qniet, and I could realise the old ssyiug — " As still as death." I was about to xotnm to my own room when the ehurp report ot a pistol emote upon my ear. It wee followed by a faint cry, and botb camo from tbe room i&tsiy; ooonpied by Sir Ohorlos, and now tenanted by bis adopted son. I soon fonnd that not I alone baa heard tho rsport of the pistol. The household bad been aroused, nnd lights began to flit about. " Quiok, quick I" I oried, " Come how I" " What io it, Bir ? What is the matter?" demanded many of the servants ao they hurried towards me. " I don't know. Bat follow me." ' I wonld sooner hava entered the room alone, lint that could not be. We knocked at tbe door and oallod on Mr. Standing, but no reply oame. So, ordering ono or two othors to help me, we burst in tbo door. George Standbier ly on the bod ns pale as death, tyR.lVli ft' I t Indoed, when I first saw him I believed he was doed ; but the servants dashed watoy , 'or his faoe, and after a little whilo ho reaovir'oa. rn raoi, j. thought ho rooovored eomowhat sooner than was natural. " Loi uiu get out ot this horrid room 1" ho cried, " I bavo seen it — I have seen it 1" "Soon what?" domanded the servants, eagerly. " Mr. Standing," I said, etornly, "are you n _ coward, that a dream oonld bavo so frightened yon f Think how ill Sir Ohorlos Lester io. . By tho way," I oontinusd, turn ing to tbo servants, " some ot you had better go and aco how Sir Charles is. This mad freak — nightmaro, or whatever it is — may havo greatly alermod him. The rest can go to bed. I will remain with Mr. Standing," Of oonrso tho servants did not like this, as it did not e&tiBfy; their aurlosfty ; but as Mr. Standing, mnoh to my emprise, ordered the people to obey mo, tuoy did so moat re- lOotsntly. —i— - ... .: i . ' What vo were alobe, ana thn'oobrse'euraiy looked, ! turned upon Mr. Standing, and eiiid, qui tiy : "Mr. Standing, I am not to be hum bugged. Whet is tbo meaning of this little game?" " Game I" ha exolaimcd, " I do not understand you. What do yon mean ?" Ho tried to look indignant, but I could see that he moved about uneasily, nnd thoro was that trembling of' the upper lip whioh no honest or trutbful man over has. "I simply mean this. I do not beliovo a word about the ghost. I- believe you bavo dono this only to frighten Sir Charlos. I do not believe in ghosts, and therefore I do not for ono moment credit that Mr. Eorbert Lsstsr amuses himsolf by inarobing about these rooma at tho dead of night. Sir Charlos is ill ; ho hen boon very eovcro with hie sod, whoso death Lob boon a heavy blow to bim. Naturally, in his wash etoto, his imagination runs wild, and ha fanaiea all kind of things, and nothing so likely that his hsatod thoughts should run npon his boy. But>wr aro diffwont. Prom what I oon hear, thoro never was much lovo botwecnyou end Mr. Hcrh?rf. You could only conjure up auoh n vision from one oanso." " Indeed 1 And what can that oanso be ?" ho raid, with a forced laugh end a meaning glnnoa at mo. "To kill Sir Charles with feor and re- morso. You know the nOrvoun atato ho is io, and any great shook might bo bis death. Take my advice, eir ; go and see the baronet at ones. Tell him. it must havo been a dream." "By heavens, it was noff cried tha young fellow, qniokly. . Very well, tbon, if yon will not go I mast," I said, quietly. "Only I thought yon could have mode tho story ao as to suit -our purpose better than I shall be able to do." He thought for a moment, end then hastily wrapping a dressing-gown about himself, thrust his fcot into his slipporB,and, mattering something about being ready to do what I wished, although he saw no use in iv, loitthn room. . I waited until I was sure he wonld not return, then locked the door, - I seized tbe lamp, and turned tho light un a little way so that I oonld sea hotter. Then I began to examine the plaoo osirefully where the epeotro was said to hava disappeared. The wall appeared solid onougb. I tried it gently with my hnuoklos, but no sound of hoilowness was given forth. Suddenly my' eyce were arroatod by a spot on tho polished boards. I knelt down and examined it oarefully. It was wot, end when I touohed it 1 found that it was bleed. Yes, blood I I traced it on an on, drip by drip, until I came to tbe reoess by the old- fashioned firoplace. Hero thoy ooasad. I oxtminad tho w&insoot; oarefally, and at last discovered what appeared to bo a small onrved knob, whioh I uorawod round, and found tbat the oak panel on whioh it wae fixed yielded at onoo to my touoh, and I discovered a narrow opening, in whiuh wen a staircase. I found tbo sooret of the spring inside, end then, having entered the passage, closed tbo door carefully behind me. Up, tip, up l went, for the steiroase was epirsl, when at lest I found myself opposite another door, whioh I examined carefallv. ana noon aisooverea a similar spring as in the door below. I was about to touoh it, when low, sweet sonnde of giorioua musio roes softly on tho air — so softly that I oonld searueiy beliovo it to lo of this earth. 1 turned the light of tbe lamp down until it was only a spark, and tbon place'd it npon tho otep. I turned tha ooftet spring, pushed open tha door, which opened noieoleosly, and crept into the lumbar room — far tha nonnd told mo that was the apartment said to bo hauntod. It was a fine long room, lipbtod only on one eido by low, gabled windows, through whith tbe fitful light o! the moon now end then .gleamed es she broke through etortn-rent clouds. By this light I managed to see that thero were heaps ' ot old furniture and nuoh like things about, looking most ghost-liko in tbe gloom. ' Bat one objaot fixed my attention, and I became blind to all others. It was a young man who was seated at b harp, the otrlngs of wbioh ho touched plaintively, whilst his paleface wno tamed with a sorrowful look to the window. I knew it in en instant. It was that of Herbert Lester, bnt so ghastly pale that I almost believed it was a ghost. Presently ho touched tho Btriugs rather loader, sending forth tbo vsrld sounds whioh had so startled the household. "Well," thought I, "anything moro like a ghoat I never saw. But reason tolls mo ghosts oann'ot pull harp strings ; eo here goes." I "etclo gently up bohind. him, bnt striking something with my foot, the snand attracted bis attontion. (See Pioturo No. S.) " Herbert Lester, whet is tbe moaning of this folly ?" I said, There was ho doubt he was there, flosh and bone now ; fdr ho taxOod round and greipplod with me with a strength that I oonld not have believed so frail a creature oonld bavo pos sessed. HowoVn, I ason bed him under my control, and said : " Listen to me, eir. I em yonr friend, al though tbe way I may have to bohavo may not seem Ilka it. We have not a minute to lose ; eo, if you ploase, yon will just .tcU me what the wbole affair means, hiding nothing from mo. ltomejhher, I nay, I am yonr friend, end I menn it. Oome ; epttk ont, and do not hide a thing." Tbe young. fellow saw that I wee right, and briefly told me ell- v. CHAPTER III. bitxsiuutio!;. Then, noiselosely and onntiously, we orept to tbo door of Bir Charles Lester's sleeping apartment. By the dim light ot a modera tes lamp, whioh was only hall tarned np and eerefally obadad, I saw Sir Chorion seated in bed, propped up by pillows. By tha bedside stood Georga, hie right band granpsd in tho long thin once of theeiokman, and tbo left placed overbiB eyes. Hs looked the pia- toreof grief. " My eon— for eo I shall now consider yon, Herbert being dead— I feel that bat a few days, or at baBt weeks, can intervane between this nnd my death. Ah, mc 1 when we ere In Btrong health, how little do we think of the rashness ol oar notional Bat death, in dimming oar bodily eight, opens - onr mental eyes and olears their vision. Herbert did wrong, I know ; but was I not to blemo AS Wfill ?" "Oh, no, not" sobbed the sorrowful George ; " do not say thnt. You coutd not bo to blame." " Ah, yes, I was I Bnt thnt is over— ha is dead. Yon saw hip spirit 1" " I did, indeed. I onn swear It. I fired at it." " What conld have brought it here f Stay, George, I have left you everything ; but still I lovo my son. Had he roturnod to me and asked forgiveness, he should havo had it. I have grieved for him deoply, end long since. I bavo forgiven him. May Hoavon forgive him also I" " Surely, surely," sobbed tha yoaog men. 11 1 pray for his soul night and day. Oh, had ho not forged thoaa billu — " "Ho did not forga those bills — at least, I have hopes thnt saoh is tha oqbo. Yesterday I received a letter stating that proofs ol his innocenco wonld soon be forthcoming. In- dcod, lately I havo bad several communion- tionsof nlmonb tbe liko naturo. Somotimoal aould almost fancy I rocaguiso Harbort'u ilylo in tbe writing ol these notoe." " All, how tho tCcctionB work on the im agination!" groaned George. "No doubt bouio Bohoming wretch bus done this." ' It may be so ; I do not know — I cannot say," replied Sir Charles, as ho pnesod his hand wearily over his brow. , " I fed ao il I had boon in somo horrible dream from whioh I am slowly awakening." "Who were those letters signed by?" asked Goorgo, softly. " They are not signed— thoy aro anony mous, replied Sir Ohariee. " I hays sleoed anfl&olireiuiiy;'aWyin tfitt say ezamipsthem." . „ . . I saw George's eyas light ap wiw.;qloa as he lelt tho bed ahd moved towards the drawer Indicated. Ao he did Bo, toe light fell full on his faoe, and I must say I never' saw anything eo evil. There was a devilish triumph in the thin lips, and the long, thin, whito bands moved nervously, as if eager to grnop the pepors. , To mo that look botrayed all, and I determined upon a bold move. . Motioning Mr. Herbert to keep still, II moved quickly forward, »o as to placo fnyeolt between tho yonng follow and tho drawer con taining the leitero. | . "Pardon res," I said, quiotly. " With'yonr, permission I will oxomino those letters before you tonoh thom." He sprang book, hie fees first pale and then livid with rage, as he exulaimed : < "What the devil do yon want hero, e)«?" j "To .do my dnly," I replied, quiotly— "honestly and fairly ; and that is moro than I think you oan say, Mr. Standing." I "Sir Obcvios, om I to bo insulted ?" almost shrieked Mr. Standing." j " Sir Charloo has plaoed this mattor in! my hands, and will bo kind enough not to interfere," I put in, as I drew forth the lettora, and, opening the paoket, took out a letter. , Seeing that Master George was ready to make a spring npon tho others if I pnt them on the table, I thrust them into my pookotJ and, advancing to tha lamp, coolly oom- mecoed to read the one in my band, although I know tho onhtents would not guide me to anything. However, I .took great care to watoh my agitated friond out of the corner of my eye. "Good writing for a ghost," I muttered, load enough for the others to hear—" almost too' good; ' bnt there is a mistiness about them whioh becomoa a person ot so' littlo substanae." I then drew a letter .from the other end o( the pnokot, opened it, and read that. " Sir Charles," said I quiokly, " have yon any ol thoeo forged bills handy ?" He pointed to tbe eome drawer, and I soon had the biile in my haud, comparing them with tho letter. i " This is too bad I" oried Georga Standing, " Is tho honour o! the family to' be placed in this fellow's hands — o low poliaoman." I " Bottsr trust tho honor ol the family in! my bands than in those of some people l| know, Sir Charles. Are yon prepared for o< great aurpriee— omagreeablo one, I hope, bat! one whiah may tax yonr strength to tho! utmost?" i "Goon. I am ill, bnt I can bear all." ! " Some of these letters, wherein your son asks for pardon , are no doubt genuine ; the others are forgeries." " Forgeries !" ' j " Yen, nnd the man who forgod those lettora forged the bills," " Great heavens 1" George grew asbon white.' " It's a fact, and I onn prove it," eaid I, " Your son shell prove it." " My son I Ho ie deed 1" oried the baronet; an angry Bhade gathering on his face. , " Bo oalm. Ha ie not dead. You saw no ghost— you heard no ghost ; bnt you did see yonr son in tho flesh. Now, bo calm." " I am oaltn. -Where ie he ?" domanded Sit Charles eagerly. j " Horo I" oried Herbert. i And the next moment bo was kneeling at' his lather's bedside. "" . ,j I shall not easily forget the gtanoe of hatred George gave mo at that moment. ,i As soon us tho father and son were oalm! enough, 1 said : - , " Wu had better wind . thia little matter np as qaiokty and quietly aa pbssihle. Sir' Qharlea, with your permission I will take S uhair- Gentlemen, I pray you will be all calht and keep yonr tempers. Bamember I aoense nobody, and the shorter yonr nnoweri ere tho quicker wiU this painful sosno m over. First of ell, Mr. Lester, how oamd yon to be playing ghoot in yonr own isthet'i honeo?" . " After I wne caanead of all sorts of orimes, by the advice of George, I started for Australia. I was shipwrecked, and having hoard tbst my father refused his forgiveness, I went to Sydnoy. At last, all other ties being broken, I determined to return homo, faoe my_ fate, and prove.my innoconoe. I eommnnioBtod with Gcorgo, who told mo it was madness; that my father had & warrant .out ngninet mo, and I oould oxpeot no meroy. Still, Ireturned, and being acquainted w,'i . 8 ®oorct passage which led from the ?. , cr '.n 'bo mounds, I avnilod myself of it, determined to dieoover what baltlol in- flaenoe was at work to keep my fathcr'd 5 . ,f? ''om me- Knowing the ways of this old boose, I Was able to glide about like "Shoot. At lest I was discovorbd by this gentleman whilst playing toy mother's harp." ' Great heavens 1" murmured the baronet, olaoping his thin hnnds. ! " I think most ghost stories oonld bo esj easily explained as this one," said I, "is pooplo wonld but see about clearing up! tbe matter coolly. Go on, Mr. Herbert— go. od, err." - ; " The dread ol being tried for forgery kepi mo nwsy some time. At last I ventured all j I wiehod to obtain tbe forged documents/ prove my innooenoe, and thon, father; humbly crave yonr meroy. Ol conrso dirootly Georga heard of tbo ghoot ho know who it was. He ottempted my lifo in tbe eo- aalled hehnted ohsmber. I was wounded: end by the mood.marks this gentleman traoed me to tho old lumber-room. My etorjt ie told— and, father, I om hero 1" I never could do tho pathetio business,' ana my eyes aeo not glvon to weeping, bub tbey wore damp then, and I bad a nasty! lamp in my throat. j Ac last Sir Chr.rlos r'eles'ssd bis eon', and, taming to George Standing, said: " George Standing, you have heard all thai bos paseod. Can you deny it 1 Nay, do nol add to your many other orimes that ol lying I less the He is in yonr brain and in you; heart, but it ohokea even your, throat. Con. less all, and I will not only so far pardon you that yon shall not be pnmshed,but settle <p yon a modest oompotonoy on whioh you can live abroad, whsra your autecodentB will bs unknown. Think bofore you answer— lor your ohoieo is final." H« thought for a moment, and then said/ sulkily; c "Well, I confess that I did lay the trap into-whieh both Sir Charles and Herbert 'fell. Tha stake wae worth the risk, and bold es tbe gamo woe, I playod it. ' Of eonrse 1 tried to. keep Herbort away. Whilst he was somewhere in Australia, I was safe. Fortune tarned qpon mo— he came back. You know the rest." " Abandoned wretch!" oried Sir Charles. "Gol - Never more entsb my presence. Go to yonr room, and thero commit a lull confession ot your orimes tp paper. By its trnthlulness shall 1 regolate the allowance I shall grant yon. Tbon quit this houso for over. ' All oommnmaations be tween us muat now bo made through my! lawyer. .Gol" . With a hplf-dofiant air, tbe yonng fellow' lofttberpom. Ieoon followed him. deeming it prudqht to leave father and eon alono. As I e'oltly dlosed iho door, I heard Sir Charles I offmibg.up nforvent thanksgiving tbat tbtj BBi bad o'ven np its dead, 