DICKENS AS A FRIEND. The following extracts are from Thzngs I Save seen and People I Save -Kwowre by George Augustus Ssla, pub lished by Messrs. Cassell and Co: 'To talk to Dickens,' savs Mr. Sala, was a vastly different thing from talk ing to Thackeray. The author of vani iy Fair was a master of anecdote, persiflage, and repartee; he was a varied and fluent linguist; he was a lover and practitioner of art; he was I saturated with seventeenth and eigh teenth century literature, both French , and English; and he could hold his j own with such masters of conversation . as Abraham Hayward and Hiehard Monckton Milnes (Lord Houghton), and with such a formidable epigram matist and wit aB Douglas Jerrold. Dickens, on the other hand, seldom talked at length on literature, either of the present or past. He very rarely said anything about art; and for what is usually termed high art I think that he had that profound contempt which is generally the outcome of lack of learning. Indeed when I first visited venice and wrote far him an article called A Poodle at the Prow—mv text being a gondola on the Grand Canal and the gondolier's dog— he expressed himself as being especially pleased with my production on the ground that it contained no cant about art* What he liked to talk about was the latest new piece at the theatres, the latest exciting trial or police case, the latest social craze or social swindle, and especially the latest murder and the newest thing in ghosts. He delighted in telling short droll stories and. occasionally indulging in comic similes and drawing waggish parallels. He frequently touched on political subjects—always from that which was then a strong radical point of view, but which at present I imagine would be thought more conservative than democratic; but his conversation, I am bound to say, once for all, did not rise above the amusing commonplaces of a very shrewd, clever man of the world with the heartiest of hatred for shams and humbugs.' At dinner Mr. Sala met the original of one of Dicken'a most famouB characters. This was 4 a clean shaven, farmer-like, elderly individual,' Detec tive Field, of the detective force. ' There was something, but not much, of Dickens's Inspector Bucket about' Inspector Field; and I venture to think that be was a much acuter and astuter detective in Bleak Souse than he was in real life. On the whole he reminded me forcibly of one of the old Bow-street runners, with more than one of whom I was on friendly terms in my harumscarum youth; and Bow-street runners of- the old days have been crystallised by Dickens in the Blathers and Duff in Oliver Twist. Dickens had a curious and almost morbid par tiality for communing with and enter taining police-officers. I was once present at the office of Household Words at a solemn sederunt of inspec tors and superintendants, who, over sherry and water and cigars, narrated with due official discretion their experi ences of Bow-street and Marlborough street.Their conversationwas welded in to an article, which subsequently appeared in the periodical. Dickens seemed always at his ease with these personages, and was never tired of ques tioning them. Mr. Field, shortly after I made bis acquaintance, retired on superannuation, and enlivened the well- earned leisure of his declining years by the pleasant and sometimes —but not always—profitable pursuit of bill-discounting.' 'With the exception of "William Cobbett/ says Mr" Sala, ' I doubt whether there has ever been, among modern English writers, a more thoroughly typical example of the plain, downright Englishman that Charles Dickens.' * Thorough, vigor oub, stubborn English sentiments are rarely absent from Dickens's miscel laneous essays; nor, wlien in bis fictions you are reading the episodes of continental life, which occur in Darby and Joan, in Little Dorrit, and in Our Mutual Friend, can you easily divest yourself of the impression Dickens had, on the whole, of good-humored con- , tempt for foreigners—a contempt due, perhaps, in some measure to the fact that he was born in an epoch when an implacable war was raging between England and France, and that his earliest years were passed among per sons in whose minds the memory of that war still lingered, as it did in Douglas Jerrold when he wrote the Prisoner of War. The witty author of that comedy had, ere the peace of 1841 came, been rated as a middy on board the guardship at Portsmouth; while Dickens's father was a clerk in the ' Navy Pay Office at Portsmouth.' 