A WOMAN WARRIOR. LOUISE MICHEL, THE SHOTGUN REVOLUTIONIST OF PARIS. As aßepobllcan Agitator She Ponied Forth £]oqnence Acaliut Uio Bfonarehy and Sired Bullet* Into tholtanluorthe Army \Vhen It Snppreued the Commone. [Coprrieht, 1893, by American Pren Auoda- Uoo. BookiiGhtareMrnd.] NTHE23dof.Tan nary.lSn.a strange scene was enacted lon the plaza Id ' front of the hotel ;'<le vtlle, or town hall of Paris, and nmnge characters were mixed up in it. The city wia under Mcge; the people ttctc etnrv in^ the Gcnnani wiry daily knock ing down a fort or breaking a ram part. Capitulation was urged by some, indorsed as a liL"t resort by the masseft and hotly opposed by n rcvo- Intlonary minority. A bam] of Insurgents variously known as "Reds," "Nationalists" and "Communist."" forced their wav to the headquarters of the garriwn at city hall to wring from the commander n promise not to surrender to the Iron Hand. Some were armed with rifles, swords or pistols, though there was no attempt at military formation. It was just on luigry, heedless mob. The authorities declared that so surrender was contemplated, And the mass of the "Reds" mattering that treason was afoot suddenly withdrew, for fear—as the cooler among them urged—that the p«ace would be endangered by a heated parley. However, a handful of those carry ing weapons lingered, among them a young woman agitator of the revolutionary clubs, Louise Michel. She wan S2 years old, bred in country solitude, immature, and before the Franco- Prussian war had kept a Khool for girls in a Kubnrbnn district called Mont mart re. She was enrobed in deep black as a symbol of France mourning for her lost llberrtf?. nnd carried a rifle ns'The badge of her militant apostlwhip. After the main party of "Reds" had abandoned the plaza, the garrison o? the hotel de ville—French regulars who had their orders for just Rich an emergency—threw up tho ■window sash and fired on the mob. The square was quickly cleared of all but a daring few, who, with some of the armed revolutionists that turned luck at the sound of the firing, be pa to shoot nt the ri&cmen; in the win dows. Louise was one of the fiercest lend ers in this retaliation, and several persons caught bullets meant forberalone. A wom an of the crowd who was her double, in site, dress and features, was killed on the spot. That scene was tho baptism of fire for the communists in the bloody war between Paris and the government of France. Louise Michel came out of the etrncßle the heroine of the new revelation— a lesser Joan of Arc, for though she took up arms she didn't save tho realm, and not a Char lotte Corday, because, though carrying a bidden dagger, sho struck no tyrant down. Bad she died on the barricades of the com mune she might bo remembered as chief ct the galaxy of heroine martyrs, the greatest becansc the Uu>t in tho hearts of her people. A feu-of the. Parisian radicals had pro claimed a republic in France while Na poleon's army was doing battle for the em pire along the Rhine In the rammer of ISTO. The "Reds" of the Montmartro district passed the horrible siege days in plotting, because they said that the Thiers govern ment, successors to the empire, fchould never turn over the reins to tho all con quering Germans nor to tho monarchists. There were two powerful revolutionary clubs in the district, one of men and one of women. Louise wns a leader in the 'Watch committee and a characterof power in both dubs. It was from tho woman's club that the nnuzons of the commune hailed. Ilar neswd to mitrailleuses like draft horses, they pulled them from point to iaint, from barricade to barricade, during the street fighting of "bloody week" in tho ensuing May. Thnymadeacd filled sandbag* for ramparts, passed partcs blocks from hand to hand down a long lino after tho manner nt bucket brigades at fires, cooked and served for the fighting men and loaded rifles for them, handling sword and revolv er asd sometimes muskets in a close straggle. And when all hope of victory fled they armed themselves with petroleum and let fire to tho banks, palaces, government boildtngs and the mansions of the rich. 80 terrible did the Montnutrtn become before the German siege ended thai, the rrguUr soldiers on guard at the government (tore booses flrd vbca n deputation of "Reds"— armed of course—bore down on them with Ihdr cry of "Bread or blood!" The theory of tbe commune was Utopian md drew to its councils many noble but mi«cuidc<l spirits. The militia or national guard of Moatmartre sided with the "Reds," tad through that influence pretty much til tbe military of Paris w&a; turned from loyalty to the general Rorernmeat. The warcry of tbe agitators tru that the Thiers republic must give way to a mon archy, and the ghosts of Prince Napoleon and of Cbambord. the Bourbon, ivith wires In the hands of clever conspirator»,danced on the boards to warn the timid that the hoar was ripo for the people to take the rein*. Bo Montmartre became a serpent with iv tangs gone when the German* entered Paris on March 1, the Thiers government remaining master of the situation, and a good master too. The dubs and the press of tbe malcontents were suppressed, and the commune dropped from a popular move to a secret conspiracy. But the niitinrml iraard remained as a bulwark of the "Beds." It was organized, under pay, armed, fed and housed. In rhi»<^^»r it m> semi-local, semi-federal. In politics It ■slated th« republic that was arid winked at tho republic which hoped to be When the Germans filed in at tho outer gntea, these wily guardsmen patriotically removed their own cannon from the public forts and parks to the hill of Montmnrtre and placed a guard over them. When the Thlors gov ernment demanded them, they answered: "We own those (runs. They wero bought by popular subscription and presented to us for popular u.<t If you want them, come and take them." The "Reds" huz aahed, and the houseless clubs took refuge in tho armories as battalion* of the ny tional guard. Lonlse exchanged her monrn- Ing robes for a mm> uniform. buckle<l-on ■ cartridge belt and shouldered a rifle I After days of useless threat and pmrley 10, -000 rcgnlon wen) rent to Montmnrtre the I night of March 17-16, the guardsmen's sen triea overpowered, their birouacs sur prised, and at daylight the rcvdTulton up pcarod to be n thing of the past. Tho gov ernment could turn 2,000 guns upon Mont martre at a word. No general alarm was (riven ot that clever stroke. The morning press won silent The bulletins gave no inkling of the affalr.~But some of the guardsmen on the bill escaped totheirarmories and told their comrades what hail befallen. These peddled thb news on the streets and in tho cafes and shop*, and while the populace was bestirring for its doily routine of labor an outcry sounded In all the quarters of Montmnrtre. At T o'clock the commune was in arms, or at least on the warpntb, for men, women and children rushed to the field of battle. Thft national guard turned out en masse, wives sisters and sweetheart*—even aged mothers —at their heels or marching with oue arm around the necks of the soldiers and calling on them to retake the guns or die « the | attempt. When the hill was reached, the j regular troops were nonplused at the spec tacle.' Many were loathtoshootdownwom en and girls, and the few who hod the hardihood only added to the Intoxication that pomeued fanatics and furies alike. That was the hour for the communards, led on by Louise Michel in the long frock coot and jaunty peak cap of a rifleman. They fought when men were found to cross arms with them; they pleaded with those who 1 hesitated; they coaxed and flattered where caresses would go further than blows or prayers. When the battalions of guards men marched against the artillery, women rushed on in front and threw their bodies across thocannon, sotbatthegunnerscould not fire without blowing their country women to pieces from the muzzles. The same tactics silenced the infantry, and speedily a whole regiment of the Una threw up the heels of their muskets and went over to the fide of the Nationals. Mitrailleuses planted around the. cannon, were hauled away in triumph by the worn en, and nt noon of tbelSlh not a bodyguard of loyal troops wan In the field at Mont martre. Tho soldiers, after fraternlzinc with tho "Red*" turned their champions. Tho hill was barricaded, and the mob without bolting rushed through. thostrecU to the hotel deville, driving oat tho gov ernment troops and setting up a commit tee of their own to rule over Paris. Forts, arsenals, armories and magazines fell be fore tho mob, and the armament stored there to overawe tho turbulent populace was in their bands. Carried away by their success, tho "Reds" marched out to attack Versailles and depose tho president. They were defeated end returned to Paris »o stand a six weeks' siege, Tho government trial to shell them out in their strong holds, but with the captured cannon they tent back as good ta they got. Xcxttho government tried assault, and day after day tbo batteries and barricades: of the oommuno were stormed by regular veter ans. When a place fell, the "Reds" would mako a sortie, sometimes recapturing th« position, bst often not. Louise all this time remained In the rank* with her com pany on Montmartre. When the barricades, castle and fort at toy were carried by storm and recovered hi a bold sortie, only to be lost by n second assault, she was wounded while defending tlioramportsof the fort. Two weeks after ward, when the street barricades, tho crest and the strongly walled cemetery of Mont martre were attacked, the was again in the field with her company. Thousands of the national guardsmen and their MRed" re cruits had fallen, for despite their detesta ble prindplm those ranting reformers would fight. Louise, with a handful of comrades, tried to defend Montmartre cemetery and built strong ramparts in front of the gates by tearing stone from the wait Although It was in the bombarded section and rained upon with shot and shell, Louisa patrolled ! the gloomy streets of the dead alone at nicht, dodging the bombs to reconnoitex against a surprise. Foraweekthebarritada fighting was the most terrific on record. Montmartre was attacked on May 23, and on the 28th the chief quarter. still held oat. There was no such thing as Sinking or sur rounding a barriead« position.' Front and rear were all the same, and it one was car ried there was another behind to shelter the survivors. The communists fought Ilka demons fired by a holy frenzy.'The last grand assault began at; daylight on Satur day, May 27, and closed on Sunday nooc Every combatant had to bo killed or bound. There was no mjcu thing as surrender. Bloody reprisal, massacre and the.black flag were the order of Uie.duy. Louise wna* tn the last barricade, and seeing the leader fall, escaped, and hurried away in search of ■ her mother, who was next In her heart to the comtnnne. Sha found her in prison for being a cxnsmunarde, took her place, and after a long banishment returned to Paris as an apostle of anarchy. Better far a sol dier's grave under the ramparts of Issy or the barricades of Mont martre and a niche in the Pantheon of the Commune de Paris. ,>-. , , • GEOECpJi»lTmhrn •>' ■ -■-'■'*■.- - ' ■-.■»■■ »~ ■■ «■ ; ...v, Ctrbolio add is recommended for mois tening the tools with which metals art irorkcd.Y ....i,»V»> •■-? ■• TOE OUTBREAK OF THE COISiUXZ. wrnsE irrarEL. 