Things in General. "Tie nucaw.- wretch. The " spook " Budget is the name given by Mr Sliiels to the Budget of 1891. and by such/si title it will be known for al! time. Mr Sliiels does not appear to be far wrong, if one may judge from the many changes it has already undergone. The obnoxious JO per cent " drag net " has disappeared, together with other proposed additions, and iu its place has been raised the ghost of an income tax, which is to be imposed at once—accordis so changeable just now that one never has liiin. There is to be no more " retrenchment, however, so that the Premier is fairly cornered. Revenue has to be raised some way or other, and the income tus seems to be the last resort. An agricultural friend of mine, hailing from Bungarce, is much concerned regarding the proposal to establish a" Cce(a)inatoi'iuni "' in connection with the St. Kilda cemetery. He appreciates the efforts made in the past to assist the dairying industry by establishing butter factories and creameries in all likely parts of the country; but he is horrified at this latest proposal. He expresses the hope that the shires of Bungr.ree aud Italian will unite in an appeal to the Public Board of Health to prohibit so gross an act of sacrilege as the establishment of a creamery ('crematory) in connection with a cemetery. The next thing, he opines, will be to open a bacon curing factory, or some ctber similar establishment in the Ballarat Mew Cemetery. A criminal, G1 years of age, with a gaol rccord of 27 years and live months, would naturally be credited with some amount of accumen ; but tbe experience one William C. Laivson proves to the contrary. The other night Lawson set out on a " burgling" expedition, and proceeded to operate on a house occupied by a policeman. As a generr.l rule the constable is not " oil the spot" when the enterprising burglar is about ; but for once the thief made a mistake. The policeman was aroused by tbe noise at tbe window, and secured the burglar after an exciting spin of a fe-.v hundred yards. When Lawson finishes liis sentence of 12 months for having housebreaking implements in liis possession ; and does liis additional term for breaking into a house, he will have learned from actual experience that although con stables on duty may be trilled with, a con stable olf duty and in his own house is quite a " horse of another color.'" 