Spouting Specs. BEING NOTHING OF NOTE ABOUT EVERYTHING IN GENERAL Embracing Football, Crickot, Cycling, Amateur Athletics, and Othor Fads. (Bt "Quilt,") Tlio Referee scribbler who talks crickot as "Nob Ont" and football as "The Cynic," asks me to make a note for the information of all and sundry that ho is not a Bird roan. Very glad to disclaim nny connection in that quarter, for we on the Bird stag aro quite content to stand on our own bottom. It seems ho has been credited with the genius of some of our productions, and does not like it. He cauie to the boss tbo other day and said : "Look here; this is getting boyond a joko. You are eternally jarring Bomcbody, and I get the credit of it. My reputation 1 is Buffering." I "Indeed, you are a fortunate fellow," 8 said the boss, "to havo the credit duo to 8 others heaped upon your shoulders." I "Credit be hanged," Boid the scribbler. "I 8 was walking along Qoorgo-street this uiorn- I ing, and mot a friond who talks Socialism, | but who does not know a bat from a balL I Tlrs fellow said to mo: 'By jovo, old | man, that was a rough turn you gavo to Alick Baanerman !' I disclaimed all know- lodgo of tho thing, but this bally idiot laughod at me." " Shows his bad 6onso," replied tho Boss. " Tlion I met a champion cyclist, and ho procoedcd to -revile mo for something or nnothcr. I assured him meekly that ho was on tho wrong scont. A littlo later a well-known football forward camo along. I proceeded to greet him with a smilo and a nod, but ho opened Aro at onco. In des peration I have come to lay my caso boforo you." " If it is so bad as that," said the Boss, gravely, "we Bhnll purchase a pistol for you, aud otherwise endeavor to appeaso you." Honco tho littlo par at tho top. ' Tho following will represent Faddington against "Canterbury nt the Sydney Cricket Ground to-day: — A. C. Bannorman, A. C. Mackenzie, S. T. Callaway, J. Callaway, E. Kelly, J. J. Kelly, A. Noble, M. A. Noblo, W. M'Dowall, P. Macnamara, and J. Bush. Several other members of this team are just now ongaged in tho Borough contest at North Sydney. Wally Kerr is now a full-blown crickoter. He plays for a team with tho audacious name of tho Paddingtonians. "Who thoy are I know not, but they cortaiuly aro rather ambitious in bitting upon such a pretty name. The littlo champion playod ut St. Joseph's College last Saturday, and tho boys there, so ono of tho. fellows who weut up tell me, gavo him three cheers and surrounded him in tho good old hero- worshippera style of country yokols. J. J. Kelly, tho latest importation in tho wicket-keeping line, will mako his debut as a member of the Paddington team to-day. It iB currently reported that he is to keep wickets for New South Wales. ... Jim Evers is now a veteran. Since the gammy leg will not allow him to play cricket, he has taken to umpiring. It does not look well to see the gentle Jim umpiring for East Sydney, as you know he has a sweet regard for Billy Camphin ; but he is, like that immaculate lady of Shakes peare's fertile imagination, above suspicion. So we will allow it to pass. Young Hogan, who scorod 73 against North Sydney on Saturday, iB not a bad batsman. It was the first time I saw him play, and I must confess ho shaped well. Ho is a protty Btrong lump of a fellow, and ought to prove a good recruit for tho Pad- Idington Electorato.- Houghton, Bucklb, and Perkins aro three strong additions to tho Glebo. Perkins is a Quoeenslander, ana is, I hear, a cricketer all over, even though ho stands about Cft. « O Tho Canterbury Times takes up tho cudgels on bohalf of tho N.S.W. team in Now Zealand, and speaks plainly in the following fashion : — " The Now South Wales footballers have boon subjected to an unprovoked and undeserved insult' by a northern paper, which cannot bo. justified in any way whatever. Tho paragraph con taining the offensive remarks has "been reproduced with commonta of an almost equally insulting nature added, and the team feel deeply hurt over the matter ; and tlioso who are in a position to form an opinion have expressed their regret at tho action of a writer who attempted to excuse his extraordinary procedure by saying that ho did not oxpect his words to bo re ceived soriously.' Tho - poisoned arrow, . thrown in careless- wantonness, has in flicted a wound that has left a sting behind. "A slander, however mncli of a lie it may bo, is nono the less injurious, for there aro many who have no means of learning \- the truth, and are content to accept tho lie. Thus, many who have read the scurrilous paragraph roforrod to, will not soo tho explanation. As tho Sydney men aro tho guests of tho Now Zealand Union, I take it that that body will see that an oxplana tion is forwarded to tho Now South WalbS Union if snch be needed. " I am oxtremely sorry at tho position of tho visitors, who have arrived amongst ns with a stain upon thorn — due solely to tho \- tboughtlossneBs of one whose position Bhould havo enabled him to see tho in justice and harm ho was doing — but I trust the public havo by this timo realised tho -position, and will show this afternoon that thoir sympathies aro with the toam, who have been most grossly libelled. » Following aro the complete results of tho matches played by tho Now South Wales team in Now Zealand : — Auckland Lost ... 14 to 11 ' North Island Lost ... 15 to 3 Tarauaki Lost ... 21 to 6 Wangnnui-Manawatu ... Lost ... 13 to 0 Hawko's Bay Lost ... 17 to 12 Wellington ... ... Lost ... 9 to 5 South Canterbury ... Wou ... 23 to 0 Canterbury Lost ... 11 to 3 . Now Zoaland Won ... 8 to 6 Wost Coast Won ... 20 to 8 Nelson Wou ... 13 to 4 Wairarapa Lost ... 21 to 3 Tho toam played 12 matches, won 4. and lost 8, scoring 107 points agninst 139 put up by opposing teams. They lost tho first sir and won four pf tho last six, Wairarapa defeating thum by 21 to 3 in the concluding game. Tho Glebo against Manly, nt Wontworth Park, will bo represented by tho follow ing : — Youll, Houghton, Perkins, Reynolds, Duggan, Cobcroft, A. Nowell, A. Bucklo, J. Austin, Sullivan, and Deano. -Central Cumberland will place tho fol lowing cloven in tho field this afternoon: — I rod ale, Walford, Wilson, O'Connor, Love- ridgo, Thorpe, Pye, O Reilly, Wharf, . Forbes, and Miller. Tho Leichhnrdt toam is comprised of Connell, Duffy, Furness, Green, Holt, Jonos, Meauey, O'Brien, Osborne, Storey, aud G. Thorpe. Fings nro to bo flown by tho cricket clubs this yoar, after the style of football clubs. East Sydney has tho champion pennant, and thoy will hoist it at Rush- cutters Bay to-day. North Sydney havo . also got one, and no doubt the Glebe and ' Rodfern will not bo out of fashion. The Paddington Club wore in a bit of a fix in connection with thoir eleven to-day, as Ted Noble is away from Sydney, Syd aud Joe Callaway havo removed to South j Sydnoy, "aud Bob Brewster, Charlio Patrick, and Alick Swootnam are playing with the Borough team in tho unfinished somi-fiuaL That tho Taranaki toam has strong claims on tho Championship of Now Zea land should be protty evident by a study of tho annexed table, which showB the doings of the team this season :— Beat Wanganui by 22 points to 5. Beat Uanawatu by 8 points to nil. Boat Auckland by 14 points to nil. Boat New South Wales by 21 points to 6. Beat Wellington by 6 points to nil. " Boat Canterbury by 17 points to 3.' Only two trios bad beon scored against tho team, ono by New South Wales and ono by Wanganui. Tho promiership cricket match, East Sydney v Redfern, is to be playod at Rushcuttors' Bay to-day. Owing to tho wicket at tho University Oval .being not quito ready, tho match, University v ; Waverloy will tako place on the South Domain. > » The Australasian says that Blackham will not withdraw tho statements ho made- about Jack Toohor's umpiring, aud that some of the Victorian cricketers will back liirn up, averring that ho was right in tho matter. I V The now crickot soasou will bo com menced to-day. Players and public aro taking considerable interest in the event; in fact most of tho players are looking for ward to tho club season with considerably more interest than to tho big matches. » Syd. Callaway and brother Joe are play ing. with South Sydney to-day against North Sydney. Sydnoy has romoved to South Sydney, so that ho is not a Padding- tonite after all. « Tho athletic carnival will bo continued on tho Lillio Bridge tracks this afternoon, whan tho third annual Bports meeting of tho Forest Lodgo Harriers will take place. Tho Lodgors are in raro form just now, winning a very big percentage of tho pot3 that are being offered each week, whilst overyono knowB hour popular tho olub is with the fair sex. This afternoon ladies ' will bo admitted frco, and doubtless all tho youth and beauty of Forest Lodge and tho Glebo will bo present. I understand a band will bo in attendance, and that hon. sec. Baird and his committeo moan to make a big bid for public patronage. m Besides club events, tho Lodgers havo a mile walk, a mile flat, and a sprint (all open handicaps) on thoir programme, "which also includes a 440yds "handicap .under tho auspices of tho Petersham Har riers. In the opou sprints T. Roberts, tho . Auckland hurdlor, is put on tho same mark with Gadcn, and has to give Alexander 2yd8, Billy Hill 3iyds, Frank Nolson 5yds, and J. R. Henderson 6yds. I shall bo sur prised if ho has a chanco. I notice A. Goddard, tho Lodger, is on 4Jyds. To those who know Qoddard's form, this isdolicious. In tho opon uiilo this runnor is on tho oxtromo limit, and has but a posBiblo chance. I think tho sprint will bo won by Frank Nolson or Jimmy Henderson, - In tho Peto's Club Quarter Billy Kerr -will pranco off limit. Thoro are some well known mon in tho list — Griffin, Morgan, Fahy, and Pilo figuring iu a handicap that looks hard to unravel. I would liko to soo beauteous Billy laud homo first. In tho Open "Walk I notice tho handi- cappor, although setting Goodwin a bit of a task, has not taken too much notice of last Saturday's timo on tho Sydnoy Cricket Ground. It looks to mo as if ho has set him a Grain 45soc task — quito sovoro enough for tho Lillie Bridge track. Tho Challinor Brothers and Uhr appear well in. Tho real joy of tho afternoon comes wlion tho mile fiat runners take the floor. If he wero in condition and i3 a stayer — a man who can run 440yds ovor hurdles should bo — Aucklandor Roberts should havo a cbanco with 50yds. Thomas (30yds) has a fino winning record oE Into, ami Walter Gray (45ydB) is beginning to stay protty woll. Jock Enfield (85yds) also should havo a chance, whilst hnndsomo Bob Koid and tbo graceful Waxy aro not out of it, although on tho scratch mark. 1 confess I cannot pick it. Thoro should bo n real good muster at tho Bridge this afternoon. Tho Bports being arranged in Brisbane in aid of tho funds of the City Ainbulanco Transport Brigade aro being onorgetically worked up, and tho hon. sec. has written down invitin the occasion. A half- mile and mile steeple chase handicaps aro opon to our boys. If some of our distanco-men want a jolly trip horo's their chanco. It will help tho harrier movement along in Queensland if ono or two mako the trip. The talk of tho hour in tho ranks of tlio toe and lieol brigade just now iB about Goodwin and his doughty deeds. It's worth noting'that, whilst all sorts of doubt is thrown, as per .usual, on tho'measuro- \- ments of the track, and accuracy of tho watch, no one Beoms to doubt tbo fairness of the Ashficld lad's Btyle. Talking about walkers reminds ine that Ashfiold is a hot- bod of too nud heel inou, there boing two clans — tho Goodwinites ami the M'Cathio's. Goodwin's chief henchman is R. C. Walker, aud thoy adopt tho Don Liboau style. Last week I ventured to tip tho Mol- buruian Haro and Hounds to land tho Vic torian Cros3-country Championship and Tom Blako to bo first man homo. Well, tho club won alright, but master Tom could only get fourth. Charlie Herbert must havo been in ringing good form to put up CSmin 15sec for ten miles over a steeplechase course. The news of his wiu was well received in Syduov, and everyone was pleased to see Toddy Flack and littlo Ballantyne run so forward. It i3 a bit of "bad luck for the Melbourno Harrizrs that their two host men, Herbert aod Blake, ran against them wheu in Victoria. They aro Jona/idc members of tho old club, never theless. » Tho King's School sports on Wednesday last were a bit slow, owiug to the absence of on opon event. Tho only event of out side interest was that for old boys, and 79 were colored on the card for that race, 120yds. It was great fun to seo " Chunk " Bowman ploughing along liko a buffalo on tho war-path, but of course he had no chanco off tho samo mark as " Shark " Smith. " Nulla" Roberts was a runnor, and the names of Paddy Lane, S. Moore, Billy Rand, Mancliee, and other Marsupials woro on tho programme. It was quite a Wallaroo field day. " Shark " won all right, and with ease, from Gadon, who ran woll from scratch. Tho local clookists made Gaden run 2yds worse, but his actual go was Giyds outside. Tho course is downhill for 20yds at tho finish. Tho winnor is a Potorsham Harrior, and can hustle protty smartly. ¥ Eight-hour sports will take place at Rose- hill on Monday, and any amount of fun and good sport may bo anticipated. Mick Moroney is out with tho conditions of his Second Carrington Handicap, to bo run on October 12, and tho Lillio Bridgo people arc holding a big handicap on October 20. Tho professional pod is at last going to get a chance, and let us hope ho will 'behave properly. This is no meaningless expression, for within a few nnuutos of Mr. Moronoy's oarnost words of warning, prior to tho commencement of his first handicap, one pod did a glaring bit of cronk work aud seamed to imagine himself quito illuied when jumped on, judging by the expression on his faco. » In our isano of tho 15bh ult. when rofor- ring to Mr. Fred. Corti wo mis- stated— inadvortontly — ono or two prominent facts, which have sinco boon brought to our notico. As Mr. Corti has brought these facts under our notico wo hasten to correct our previous statements with regard thereto, at tho same timo expressing a hope that this gentleman will bo soon on tho track for many a day to como. The V.R.C. havo informod Mr._ Gray, of starting machiuo note, that his trial at Flemington most bo mado with a barrier stretching 170fAwido — rather a long span, and a sovoro tost, too. » Under the heading of "A Fortunate Awakening," on English journal mentions tho following incident in tlio turf caroor of two well-knowu noblemen : —"One of tho most extraordinary racing matches ovor concoived originated as follows: After a heavy and lato debate in tho Houso of Com mons, Lord Qoorgo Bantinck fell sound asleep noxt day in tho drawing-room at "VVhito'8 Club, so that all attempts to arouse him proved unavailing until tho usual afternoon visit of Lord Glasgow, who was at cnco informod of theso fruitless efforts. ' Oh ! Pll soon wako him,' reinarkod Lord Glasgow, and walking up to- tlio chair iu which tho sloeper was cnsconsed, called out, ' Bentinck, I want to mako a bet with you ! ' Tho offcct was so magical that Lord George instantly ojienod his oyos, aud re plied, ' With pleasure, Glasgow ; what is itP' 'I want to back tlio produce of Miss Whip against that of any maro you name for the Derby of 1843.' 'Done! I namo Crucifix — for how much ?' Five thousand 1 ' Tho bet was mado. Crucifix being at that moment iu foaLwith Surplice, tho ultimate winnor, and Miss Whip with a brute called Wliipstick." An cxporimont is boing made by a London company, owners of a largo stud of horses, to do away outirolv with iittor iu stalls. Tlio flooring of tho stalls aro rails of wood with half-inch interstices between. Tho urine falls through into a shallow tank bouoath tho flooring, tho more solid excreta being removed in baskets iu tho usual way. The tank has a fall which drains tho liquid matiuru into tho sewer. It is thought that, as horses lie with comfort on arid plains, thoy should bo able to rest with equal oase on plunk bods. Wood boing a non conducting material, is cortainly not bo objuctionablo to lie upon as iron, stono or ceinont. Tho floor is divided into two parts, opening on hinges, so that tho reservoir beneath can be regularly flushed and dis infected. Doubtless a groat saving will bo effected by abandoning tho uso of litter of any kind. As regards sanitation also, tho method is unobjectionable. How it will otherwise affect the horses remains to bo seen after a prolonged trial of the new system. . Tho Age says: — "Mr. C. L. M'Donald was so dissabisfied with tho handicapping of Mr. W. R. Wilson's horses, Steadfast, Havoc, Argeut, Moth, and Warfare, for tho Toorak Handicap, that he scratched tho whole five immediately he saw tho weights. Theodore and Lord Hastings woro also withdrawn. Mr. Wilson's horses have cer tainly, not received much consideration, and, as Mr. M'Donald reasonably argues, it does not follow that because a stable has coutuinod a Strathmoro and a Carnage ovorything in it must bo good. Argont, for instance, on public form, is not worth feeding ; Havoc, although many people talk about what ho is going to do, has no winning record yet to bis credit, and Moth and Warfare havo cortainly not paid for thoir oats up to tho present. However, if there bo any satisfaction in finding one's Bolf in good company, Mr. Wilson may discover it in tlio reflection that Mr. O bhanossy appears to bo oven worse treated, Swordboaror, 8stlllb, having boon, placed within lib of Oxido, level with J5, and above Sainfoin. Azim, 8sfc 81b, has also boon heavily loaded, and careful con sideration of the handicap generally sug gests the strong probability of tho Toorak Handicap honors going to Sydney. ' Response 7st 121b, Eumarrah 7sfc 91b, ADolns 7st 81b, Patroness 7sfc 71b, Birinji 7st 61b, Blue Peter 7st 21b, and Gerard 7st 21b, look to bo about tho best treated of the lot. Exigencies of space, and still more tho timidity of performers, often militate against tho employment of horscB on the lyric stage. .The average operatic singor has little of tho Centaur in his composition , and whon an entrance on horseback is necessary cuts but a sorry figure. In cer tain operas, howevor, notably " Tho Wal- kure," of Wagner, where serial horseman- ship plays so prominent a part, the use of mechanical apparatus is imperatively nooossary. Tho difficulty is generally got over iu Germany and Eugland by tho uso of a magic-lantorn slide projoctod on to tho Bcone, though iu tbo recent production at Paris a sort of switch-back arrangement wo3 resorted to with considerable success. But now an English engineer haB solved tho problom- by constructing' operatic horses, anatomically correct, tho iimbs of which, when worked by a hand whool, imitate tho motion of gallopiug in a most realistic fashion. Thoir haunches rise, thoir manes and tails float on the breozo, steam- issuos from their nostrilB, and electric sparks from thoir eyes. « » , "Tho Ghost of Solitary Crook." A mining story of tho olden, golden days. Sunday Times noxt issue. Crioketiug materials, beat makors. Pishing linos hooks. Brief bags, solid cow hide, 4s lid. - Gladstone bags, 14a lOd. Mick Simmons, Haym'kt. 