RUSSIAN EAGLE AND THE . ;c.; v KANQAfiOO, . .'(Overbea^L by IFF UGH KALTFTCS.] . Tb«!Oai oi ItH tbe B4usias, and aa mhob as "h» oan get ' bitddes, opened tb» patent Vihuwt bomb-prnof stfd ]plaie eafe la' which ^ takes bis meals through the keyhole by means of a squirt, and sometimes a telephone, and peeping, tbrangh the orack called out to"; General., Katkowwlti and Admiral .Aslento- Woff—. ,,. ." Whist 1 tell me in a whisper;' is the South Australian Encampment of Militia broken .opt" ^'It is, Little Father, quite broken tip, and the pieces have gone home 'their several , wtjy,' as the lateDean Buss ell used to eay in »AE V said the Autocrat," I breathe again ; and tetl me, truly, or Siberia is your portion, an ttoWtwo Maltkes and SobuvaloSa of the oeUMttor end of the world—I meanTomkintonski and CingstoniskaloS—still at tbe bead of maitaty aff^rsr" *'To tbe best of my belief they are," eaid General Kaslcowiski, keeping an eye on the .exit, .''and mentally as active as ever. Gor- 'd<m,'t believe. Is the Minister of War." ''Gordon V shrieked the Czar, poshing the doorof ths safe wide open in his excitement, and suddenly dosing it again. "Gordon Plasha?" he whispered through tbe keyhole. i "Great Peter's ghost, Gordon Pasha! then, I am undone. The Sosrian Eagle's wings are dipped." The startled General and Admiral stood tremblingly listening to tbe eobe of tbe Czar, and then Aslanto-be-off ventured to say— "Nay, Xiittle Father, not Gordon Pasha; lie was killed by Gladstone, don't you remember! This is another Gordon; he's a lawyer." " "Oh! a lawyer it he?" said tbe Czar, much relieved. "If be is a lawyer, then he is bonnd to prolong a conclusion and put off the final settlement. They always do; it's a way they've got. I never knew a lawyer yet who didn't Want several adjournments, therefore it is not likely that South Australia will attack as yet." "There is another Gordon in command of thp troop*," blundered General Easkowiski, "a man of infinite tact, much ambition, and no end of confidence." " Ah! and is he any relation to General Gordon ?" asked the Czar. "No, Little Father, bat there is a relative of Kartonm Gordon at Gleoelg, an important seaport town, where they have a fort which was never built, bury their gone in the sand, and allow their mayors to go'off to Russian ships, •hosr them a safe anchorage closer in, and entertain them at banc," "Nomatter, time will tell," muttered the Czar dramatically. "We will send a secret expedition and capture those Gordons, Tomkinronskis, and Kingttoniskaloffs, also Peterswaldowski and Hatnpsonaloff, who, I understand, have written military works of great moment. See to it at onoe if not sooner. While these men are in existence no chanoe Buasia subjugating the free Australians." The two officers gave the Czar bis customary draught of vodki>out of a hermetically-sealed feeding bottle thrbtlgh the keyhole of the safe, and the Gear, dreesed -aa- be was in his castiron pyjamas, sank back upon his granite coucb, palled the boiler-plate mosquito ourtains round him, and signalled to them to withdraw by kicking with his steel stockings tgaintt tbe shell-proof walls of the dreadnought chamber. 