Synod at St. Partick's Cathedral Catholic Inspector's Report op Schools. The annual synod of the Catholic clergy of the archdiocese was opened on Tuesday at St. Patrick's Catheiral. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was cele brated prior to the meeting. During the proceedings the Rev. W. Ganly, Inspector of Catholic Schools, read his annual report. The total number of primary schools now in operation is 109\. The number of pupils is 16,307 of whom 354 are non- Catholics. The teachers numbered 373, 121 belo ging to the religious communities. One thousand three hundred and ninety-six pupils are educated at colleges and high schools and 450 at private schools. This makes a total of 18,243. Father Ganly's report contains the following paragraghs : — " During the year same representing a total of £17,191 lis. lOd , have . 1 , nnn AT>i-mnnan mllmn 1 no a tmn ninndca UDCU i IbUUl UIIW MLlullUIVbQOU for educational purposes. Of this amount £15,865 183. Id, went towards the tnainiainence of existing schools while the balance was disbursed in building operations of various kinds. Two new schools — namely, St. Joseph's Infants', Collingwood, and St Mary's, Seymour — have been erecied since last report. These are admirably adapted for the pur poses for which they are intended. St. Mary's, Kyueton, and St. John's, Clif ton Hill, have also .undergone extensile alterations and improvements. " Among the many good results of which the Cathedral Fair has been pro ductive, not tbe least appreciable is the opportunity it has afforded of placing before the public some of the results of Catholic educaliou in the archdiocese. As the tree is known by its fruit, so tbe generous vine of Christian teaching may be judged- in a manner by the dis play of Educational exhibits now to be seen at the Exhibition-building. 'lhe collection is so eloqucut of taste, of in dustry, of energy, that any effort to de scribe it would only minimise the effect it is calculated to produce. " No less compotent and impartial a witness than The Argus says of it : — ' Visitors to St. Patrick's Fair, who may have found it next to impossible to get awuy from the brilliant display ol booths in the main aisle, should certain ly make a special effoit to witness the display of work made by the pupils of the high and primary schools maintain ed by the various Catholic bodies. The exhibition not only deserves close in spection from the beauty of. the work shown, but it affords a high compli- nieut to the thoroughness of the system of education imparted at these eatablish- inents.' " In giving tho testimony of an hon ourable and unbiased mind to the ex cellence of the Catholic schools of the archdiocese, as convincingly proved by the array of evidence which ho witness ed, the writer of that article has effec ted a two-fold good . His article served to refute the childish calumny that the teaching of religion and moral ity limits the scope and dwarfs the de velopment of the intellectual faculties. But he did more. He brought once again into prominence (he attitude of the Catholic community, whose action Oil the eduoalioual question is uD elo- quent and standing protest against the state-established system of secular in struction, which, in union with many of the most enlightened members of other denominations, they believe to be not only destructive of Christianity, but fraught with disastrous consequences to the future of this country.'' 