TBE MERCANTILE BANK. a REPORT OF THE LIQUIDATORS. MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS, Meetings of the shareholders and the creditors of the Mercantile Bant of Aus tralia in liquidation, were appointed for Monday at theAthenaeum Hall Melbourne " to receive the account of the liquida tors showing their acts and deeds, and the manner in which the winding up has been conducted from tbe commence ment." The meeting of the shareholders was fixed for the hour of noon, and the credi tors' meeting was timed to commence at 3 o'clock. The liquidators, Messrs W. F. Ducker and J. B. Ainslie, have published a re port and balance-sheet. Briefly, it may be stated that the report shows that from the commencement of the liquidation to 31st December, 1893, the net receipts have amounted to L395,770, from which two dividends of 4s 2d in the pound have been paid (L320,686) leaving a cash balance of L76,084. Subsequently this cash balance has been increased to about L100,000. The assets, including the cash balance, on the date named, amounted to L685,814. which, deducting L57.S14 for margin for overvaluation, expenses, etc., left the total assets at L628,000. At the time appointed for the com mencement of the meeting there were eight reporters and ten shareholders present, Mr Ducker (liquidator), and Mr Risrgall (solicitor), making up an audi ence cf twelve, A few more straggled in, and by the time the proceedings started (ten minutes past the hour) there was a total attendance — reckoning press, public and officials — of twenty-nine persons. . Mr Ducker took the chair, and read the formal notice calling tbe meeting. In submitting the report he said the meeting was called by the liquidators to enable them to give an account of their stewardship under voluntary liquidation. The liquidators were supposed to held a meeting every twelve months. This bank was being liquidated under the supervision of the Court, and therefore they were not exactly bound by that rule. But they thought it to be their duty from time to time to meet the share holders and depositors, and to inform them how the liquidation was going on. The report started with the 19th of February, 1892, when the last half- yearly meeting of the bank was held. At that meeting a balance- sheet was submitted, which showed an amount of cash and coin at bankers of L237,000 ; and by the same balance sheet it was stated that the gross profits of the bank were L74,000, after pro viding for bad and doubtful debts. That balance-sheet was submitted to the meeting held on the 19th February, and within fourteen days from that meeting the bank suspended payment. With regard to the cash and coin in the.balance- sheet he had maintained that it was wrong. Mr T. Smith : This matter has been fully ventilated in the Courts. It is no good hunting up the ghosts of departed glories. What is the use of going through the history of the Mercantile Bank. We have lost our money, and are quite satisfied to put up with it as far as possible. Let the past be buried. I The Chairman said he was quit# pre pared to adopt this course if the meeting so desired. He thought it was bis busi ness to give this information. He then proceeded to refer to the appointment of the liquidators, Sir Graham Berry, and Messrs Millidge and Ainslie. Since his appointment as liquidator he and his co-liquidator. Mr Ainslie, had used their best efforts to carry on their duties, and they would continue te do the samein the tuture. He moved that the report be received. Mr J. C. Park said he observed that the expenses of the liquidation were, from March, 1892, to 31st December, 3893, L7142. Was the same expense going on during 1894? Mr Ducker : The expenses are being reduced from time to time. Mr Park : Are tbe liquidators drawing the same as they were drawing at the time they were appointed ? Mr Ducker : They are drawing just the same as when they were appointed. The liquidators have been endeavoring to keep down the expenses. I don't think we could work with a smaller staff than we have now. These expenses cover nearly two years, and if you will consider it, and remember the expenses connected with the liquidators, you will say that the expenses are not unreasonable. The Chairman then put the motion that the report be reeeived, and it was carried unanimously. Mr George Godfrey -said the policy passed by the liquidators had not been beneficial to the shareholders. The Chairman : Who do you represent? Mr Godfrey : 1 hold a power of attorney from MrHinchcliff. The Chairman ; Yery well. _ Mr Godfrey proceeded to - say that the liquidators should not have nursed the properties so long. He ventured to say that a most suicidal policy had been pursued in the nursing of properties, and it had also had the effect of lengthening the liquidation. The past year had been a regular boom for liquidators. In almost all the liquidations the same policy had «KX)n punned. They should have realised thn best prices they could, and then they would have ; beeh able to circulate the results of the sales among; the depositors. He did hot doubt that, the policy had not been pursued for any personal reasons. But at the sam# time it did extend -the work of liquidation which was a very . unfortunate thing for - the . creditors of the company The total expenses of liquidation had. been L13,000. He felt that the salaries of the liquidators ought to be re duced. (Applause.) In so large a concern as the Federal Bank, the Court had fixed the remuneration of the liquidator at LI 500 for the first year. He felt that now the time had come when some motion -ought to be moved in favor of reducing the fees of the liquidators. Mr Ducker said the remuneration , of the liquidators could not be legally dis cussed at the meeting. Mr Park pointed out that the super vision of the Court had not taken away their power of disposing of their own property. He thought the meeting was perfectly entitled to reduce the remunera tion of the liquidators if they choose. Mr Ducker said that being under the supervision of the Court, they were under the orders of the Court. He had done his best for the work of liquidation. He had been in -his office from nine in the morning till ten at night. He had had L1000 a year for the work, but if he had been engaged in his own business he would have earned double that amount. If, however, they could get the work done better and cheaper, they could relieve him of the work, which had taken him a great deal of time, and given great trouble. Mr Park said he was not finding fault with the liquidators. He only pointed out that the shareholders had the power to deal witb their own affairs. It was a voluntary liquidation, only it was carried on under the supervision of the Court. Still it was not a compulsory liquidation. (Hear, hear.) On the motion of Mr Smith it was re solved that the special committee should be paid £100 between them. The Ghairman said if the motion were passed they would have to consult their solicitors to see if thev could legally pay this money. The motion was carried, a few hands being held up against it. The meeting then terminated. MEETING OF CREDITORS. At three o'clock on Monday the creditors of the Mercantile Bank of Aus tralia, in liquidation, met at the Athenaeum Hall, to receive the report of the liquidators. At the time for com mencement the creditors present num bered only t wen ty- three. Mr Ducker, as chairman, said they were ready to give the creditors all the information they could about the liquidation of the bank. The report commenced with an account of all that had been done from the failure of the bank. The last balance-sheet of the bank had, as they knew, been the subject of consideration in the Law Courts, and if they desired it he would give them his views about it. He was still of opinion that tbe balance- sheet was a misleading one, and he could prove that to the knowledge of the directors and the officials of the bank, bad debts were not provided for, that no dividends ought to have been paid, and that tbe reserve fund of the bank was gon# Heavymvances had been made on share scrip— oyer 700,000 shares in various companies being held as security < — and they were now mostly worthless. He had prepared a list of the shares held. There were 10,000 shares in Bal four, Elliott and Co. which was afterwards merged into the British Australian Investment and Agency Com pany ; 3273 shares in the British Bank ; 16,220 in the Chatsworth Estate Com pany ; 15,026 in the Colonial Investment and Agency Compauy ; 7835 in the Eng lish and Australian Mortgage Bank ; 11,912 in the Freehold Investment and Banking Company ; 5165 in the Gascoigne Investment Company ; 31,300 in the Intercolonial Land Company ; 6300 in the Maria Island Company ; 5000 in the Melbourne Finance and Investment Co. ; 12,500 Melbourne Trust Finance Bank Company ; 11,000 Mortgage Bank of Australasia ; 8050 Mentone Racing Club;" 15,715 Progressive Property Company ; 11,011 Real Estate Mortgage Bank ; 4000 Shack ell, White and Company; 8000 Tooraddin Estate Co. ; 5225 Union Tram way and Property Co.; 6350 Victorian Estates Purchase Co.: 12,883 Victorian Finance Guarantee Share Co. ; 48,150, Victorian Deposit and Mortgage Bank. He did not think there was a man in the room who would give a L5-note for the lot. What did they think they could ex pect in realisations from such assets as these ? Advances to companies had been mads by the bank to tha extent of over L640.000. They extended from a few thousands up to one of L80,000. ( Shame.) Money had also been ad vanced on the deposit receipts of the companies he had read out. As to advances to debtors on property and scrip, he might mention that in 1888 there was an issue of shares by the Mercantile Bank. The shares, were not all taken up, About 4000 were unapplied for. ' Instructions were then given by the directorslhat tliey should be sold. They were sold— that is to say, upwards of 3000 of them were sold on what some people would call " tick" — that was to say, credit. At the time of the closing of the bank 2900 of the shares were unpaid - fori - Th6 loss tjrese shares in unpaid calls -and liabilitieshad been L20,000. (Shame.) Tfaat was what the banklost by the transaction. As to the funds of the bank, tbey had L40,000 in reconstructed banks. Nevertheless they hoped to be able to pay another dividend this year, by .getting advances on the money locked up. As to their properties, they -found it impossible to realise on them in the present condition of things. L4G0,000 had been received by ttie liqui dators, and L320,000 paid in dividends. A Depositor , What are we likely to get ? The Chairman: It all depends upon what money we can get. He then moved that the report be received. A Depositor : Have we much house property ? The Chairman : Yes ; we have a large amount Of house property, but we have also a large quantity of land,, mostly in the suburbs.- In reply to further questions, the Chairman said that books would shortly be printed, giving a description of the properties which tbe bank desired to get rid of. Tip liquidators would not accept deposit receipts, at tbeir face value in payment for proper ties — if they did business in that way the depositors would be short in their divi dend. The dividend would be paid as soon as practicable. Mr Ducker brought his remarks to a close by expressing the hope that he would meet them all at the end of another year. A Depositor : I hope when we do meet it will be in a room where you can hear something. Another Depositor : Oh, we have heard enough. The motion was then put and carried, and the meeting terminated. 