HAUNTED VALLEY. To Sir Thomas Browne, the scholarly and silver-tongued physician of Norwich, it was a riddle 'how so many learned heads should so far forget their meta physics, aiid destroy the ladder and scale of creatures, as to question the existence of spirits.' And the learned knight goes on to say: 1 For my part, I have ever believed, and do now know, that there are witches.' Such persons as think otherwise are shown to be nothing better than atheists; and seeing with whatcon . fidence our author proclaims his opinion, we may surely fortify ourselves in it; and leaving what is called the advance of knowledge out of the question, take no shame to be only as wise as the clear headed old philosopher, who, musing two centuries ago on the high and deep things of heaven and earth, thought neither his learning nor his judgment dis credited by the conclusion at which he arrived. Let us, then, place ourselves in line with the speculative man of. science of i the Stuart period, .not caring overmuch 1 how superior people niay deride us. So we shall be prepared to listen to a short statement of the superstitions entertained to-day in one small country town or village-tales which are sufficiently re markable both by their number and their quality to arrest attention even without the spicing of a Christmas fire, and a half-frightened audience gathered in a panelled chamber. Deep set among the Cornish hills, the market town of has stood for four centuries arid more beside a tidal river. An ancient stone bridge of many arches spans the stream, and beneath it a flood of salt water pours up twice daily from the sea, drowning the marshes which occupy nearly the whole of the narrow valley bottom, and sometimes even swamping the highway which runs beside them. The town lies low on the river's bank, and has no special interest. Only farms stand scattered about the slopes of the hills; and many ancient manor houses, from which the old families have departed. Almost every one of these houses has its separate tradition. Com monly spoken of in some cases, in others guarded so jealously that few people have heard the tale, there is none, per haps, which has not some lien on the other world, or some mystery attaching to it which cannot be explained. High on the hillside, an old farm rears its chimney-stack from a group of wind beaten trees. The homestead is a place of small consequence now; but 200 years ago it was the seat of a powerful family, and of one man in particular, whose name still makes children tremble, and even grown men blanch upon occa sion. For who does not know that Tregeagle's spirit roams the country-side, unchained from the place of torment by the 'Wear of St Breward, that gray old town just in sight upon the mountain side, in order that he might render tardy justice to one of the many he had wronged in life? No Christian man could send the evil spirit back again to the place whence he had come; and hence it is that Tregeagle toils for ever at impossible tasks on earth-now baling out the lonely tarn up on the rioots with a limpet shell with a hole in it; now spinning ropes of sea-sand; and often, on wintry nights, bellowing out his de spair in moans which make the mothers catch -their (children in their arms, as the wind carries the sound past the cottage doors. But there are those who know that Tregeagle's torment has its iotervals. One autumn afternoon the farmer who inhabits the old manor-house had occa sion to go down to the town justas dusk was falling. His wife accompanied him, and they left no one behind. Their business done, they returned after dark, and had no sooner set foot in the farm yard than they saw the house was lighted up in all its windows. ,The shutters were unclosed- Strange forms in antique dresses were passing to and fro. A long table was set with bottles and decanters such as the'farmer never possessed; and the most unholy noise was issuing from the room. Shouts, oaths, scraps of ribald song, bursts of wild laughter, mingled into a medley which appalled the two simple people who stood barred out from their home. At last the farmer plbcked up courage 4nd marched up to the door. He'.had no Sooner put the key in the lock' than every light went out, the howls and cries instantly dropped into silence. The sudden absolute still ness was as awful as the noise. The farmer and his wife went from room to room. All were as thty had left them, and of the riotous carousal there was literally not one trace. A little lower on the hillside, following the lane that drops towards the town, another farm stands back a little from the way. Here, beneath the flooring of an upper room, bones were discovered, with the remains of a slashed doublet and other antique clothing of the Stuart times-relics of a murder foully done two hundred years ago. The Cavalier still revisits the scene. His lovelocks drop over his shoulder as if he were alive, and in the gray light of early morning his spurs ring on the old oak flooring. Those who have met him are loth to speak of it. Two or three fields separate this house from the edge of the ridge; and if you 1 cross them you may look down on the I town slumbering in the valley, watch the last lights put out,* and listen to the out going tide ripple over the sandbanks and against the old piers of the bridge with the same sound it made four hundred years qgo. Then, if you cast your eyes up the stream and look at the hillside round which the river curls, you will see a light-not such a light as might be set in a window after dark to guide some one returning home, still less one which could be given by a lamp or candle used for work or reading inside the house. It marks the exact position of a house, and never varies from that spot; but those who live in the house do not see it, have no knowledge of its cause, and ' can suggest no reason why their farm alone should be marked by this soft glow, this nightly signal hung out on the hillside, to which no answer ever comes. Under the night-sky, the church in the valley bottom on the opposite side of the river is scarcely visible. But if the clouds roll back from the moon, and let a sudden blaze of light fall over the river bed, you will see the old gray tower clearly, standing out from a group of chesnut trees, and may even discern the open space beside the churchyard wall where the high-road meets the lane lead ing to the village. The road gleams beneath the moonlight j but you are too far distant to see any object moving on it. If it were otherwise-you might now see-but never save when the moon is bright-a white rabbit gamboling about this open space beside the churchyard wall-a pretty' long-eared rabbit with pink eyes, like any child's pet cscaped from its hutch. It goes loppeting about among the grasses and the corner of the marsh; and if anyone should pass, will sit and look with fearless eyes. And well it may! It has nothing to fear from any one dwelling in those parts. No villager would attempt to catch it. No boy would aim a blow at it. If any one walking late sees the white rabbit lopping at his heels, he makes no effort to drive it away, but quickens his pace, and hopes some good. angel may stand between him and harm. A belated postman, terrified to find hecould not shake off the pretty white creature at his heels, turned and struck fiercely at it with his oaken cudgel. He felt the stick tall on the soft back of' the rabbit, such a blow as might have killed a much larger animal. But the rabbit lopped on as if nothing had happened. The cudgel it was which was broken- shivered into splinters, as if it had struck upon a rock. No one can tell the history of the rabbit; but our grandfathers knew and feared jt as we do ourselves, and it was in their time that the last deliberate attempt to meddle with the creature took place. The attempt was made by a stranger, and it happened in this wise. A number of young men were drinking together in the bar-room of the chief inn of the town. As the evening wore away, the talk grew high, and at last, when all the party were heated, somebody spoke of the white rabbit. Instantly the stranger began to jeer-a silly story such as that woulcj never be believed outside a poky country town where nobody had anything better to "do than listen to the first idle tale told him. What harm could a rabbit do anybody 1 He would like nothing better than to shoot it I One of'the others drew aside the shutter', and looked out. The street was as bright as day, and overhead they could see the full moun sailing, free of clouds. 1 Tha'd best go now,' he said. 1 When the moon shines like this, tha'll find the rabbit by the church.' A gun was hanging on the waif. It was taken down and loaded amid a babble of jeers arid angry retorts; and then the party crowded to the door to watch the stranger stride down the moonlit street, whistling merrily as he went. They saw him pass upon the bridge, and then went back to their bottles. But some strange feeling of uneasiness had settled over them. Not one seemed inclined to sit down again. They moved restlessly about the room, and presently one of them went to the door and jooked out. The others asked eagerly if he heard anything, though they knew the stranger could not have reached the church; and then one suggested that it was a shnme to allow a man who had no knowledge of the danger to encounter it alone. The others agreed as readily as men will when they have done what does not please them, and without more delay they set off in a body. They trudged along saying nothing! but when they came near the church they heard a report and a loud cry, and with one accord they ran up to the open space with beating hearts. Neither man nor rabbit was to be seen. They ran up and down calling his name; there was no reply. He was not in the lane, nor on the high-road, nor on the marsh, where, under the bright moonlight, the motion of a water-hen could have been seen with ease. At last one of the searchers leapt up on the churchyard wall, and sprang down on the inner side, calling on his friends to follow him. There they found him, lying dead, and one. barrel of his gun discharged. Climbing over the wall had been fatal to him. Somewhat farther up the valley than the spot of which we have been speaking, stands an old farmhouse, deeply em bowered among woods. It was also a manor- house in former days; and being now much too spacious for the farmer who has the surrounding land, a portion of it, comprising all the better rooms, has sometimes been let separately to a tenant of higher rank. ! Some years ago, an old officer and his wife lived at this manor-house. They were accustomed to later hours than the farmers family, and used to sit up till close on midnight. The lady was fond of dominoes, and her husband, for her pleasure, used to play with her for an hour or more each evening. The rattle of the ivories on the inlaid table on which they played could beplainlyheard through the quiet house; and though the lady died long since, the farmer and his wife, lying awake in the winter evenings, still hear the dominoes clatter as they are swept into heaps upon the table. Where snpevnatural visitants are so many, it would be strange if the vicarage, which overlooks the churchyard, were without 6ne. The vicarage ghost is rarely spoken of, and it is with difficulty that you will obtain any details concern ing it. Only now and then, from some chance allusion, or hint half dropped, you may gather that sometimes in the twilight, or when the rising moon casts gleams and shadows through the corridor window, a figure may be seen seated on the window seat, intently gazing at one particular tombstone in the churchyard. No one will tell the story, if there be one, of this melancholy wraith, or explain what she watches for, and what love it is which, deprived of satisfaction beyond the grave, clings so passionaiely to the earthly vestiges of that which long since mouldered into dust beneath the roots of the chesnut trees. This is a long array of ghosts for one small country town, but the list is by no means exhausted. One steep hill rising from the head of the town is haunted in two spots-in one by a woman dressed in black, who is seen emerging from a gateway half-way up the lane, and who disappears a few hundred yards farther on; in another by the chief actor in a very ancient story, now more than half forgotten, of a traveller posting with a treacherous servant in whom he trusted, of a chaise sent forward while master and servant walked up the hill together in the dusk of an autumn evening, of a foul blow dealt from behind, and a secret burial in a wood, hard by. Not far away, a very ancient bridge spans an arm of the tidal river, and on it walks Madam D , a member of the ancient family whose manor-house stands hard by. Rarely seen by man, the old lady is often perceptible tci horses, which shy without cause, start in obvious affright when the road is apparently quite clear. In a slightly different direction is an old house containing a certain. room in which any clock which may be placed stops at the same hour; and only a few. fields awfcy lies another haunted by an' ancestress, who is often seen in her antique dress, and of whom the intnates of the house have almost ceased to be afraid. Beyond a doubt there are many others in the hills and hollows of this superstitious district, where witches and the services of 'good women' are still articles of faith. Many curious stories of witchcraft could be added to this article; but the ghosts of themselves haye perhaps drawn a large draft on the credulity of the reader, and the witches must suffer for their want of moderation. In conclusion, let it be said that these stories are not put forward as tested and as proved. They are those told by the peasantry, sometimes with a grave face, sometimes with a laugh, which only attempts to disguise a faith not less strong because it is not proclaimed. Whether they are true or false is no matter ; the curious circumstance is that now, to-day, in the midst of an educated country, they are believed as widely as the facts of history itself- perhaps even more firmly.-Chamber?s. 