AMUSEMENTS. The final performance by tbe Liliputian Opera Company of the Christmas pantomime " Ali Baba, or the Forty Thieves" took place | at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening in the presence of a fairly large audience. The youngsters were accorded a good reception, and entered into their work with a spirit that_ was fully appreciated. This evening there will be a change of programme, when last year's pan tomime "Aladdin" will bepresentedwitha.il the original scenery and stage appointments which secured its success on its first produc tion. New songs and dances will be intro duced and a crowded house may be antici pated. , Messrs. Norman & McLean's dramatic com pany will inaugurate a season of drama at the Theatre Royal on Saturday next,' when " Cinders," a sensational play, written by Miss Blanche Lewis, will be presented. ■ The com pany includes a number of names new to Ade laide, amongst them being Miss Alice May, Miss Bella Adair, Little Ivy Scott, and Messrs. G. Keightley, H. Ashton, J. H. Kennedy, J. Ellis, A. King, R. Whyte, A. James, 0. Emery, W. Barlow, and It. Cecil. Mr. Albert Norman and Mis3 Blanche Lewis require no introduction to Adelaide playgoers. The season will last three weeks, during 'which "Storm and Sunshine" and "Shoulder to Shoulder," two dramas new to Adelaide, will be staged. There was a fair attendance at the Bijou Theatre on Monday evening, when Saturday's bill, including the farce "Ici on Parle Fran cais" and the extravaganza "The Happy Man" again met with a favorable reception. Mr. J. P. O'Neill in the latter piece succeeded in keeping the audience amused, and the other members of the company gave capable support. The same bill will be repeated this evening. A capital programme has been arranged for Wednesday's " Continental," when Miss Amelia Banks will make her only appearance at these concerts.. Mia3 BankB will sing the celebrated Ave Maria adapted to Mascagin's intermezzo from "Cavatleria Rusticana,' while Mr. Phil Jpangdale and Mr. Fred. Smith will also contribute instrumental and vocal musio. A popular programme of promenade music will bs carried out by the Militia Band, and arrangements have been made thab if the weather, prevents the Exhibition gardens from being ubed the main hall of the building will be brought into requisition. Captain Basse has been singularly unfortunate this season, bun with a return of fine weather the " Con tinentals" will again prove the attraction of the city. The committee of the Deutscher Fortschribts Verein are noted for providing plenty of amusement in the shape of concerts and balls for their members, and in order that the younger as well'as the elder portion of their community might obtain a form of enjoymenb suitable to their tastes a^grand juvenile enter tainment, entitled, "The Perplexed Soldier," and detailing with song and dance accompani ment the misfortunes of a mountain elf, was given in the society's rooms on Monday evening. The stage was tastefully decorated, and this with the picturesqueness of the dresses of the performers had a most pleasing effect. The hall was crowded with an appreciative at tendance, and the various songs and dances were greeted with much applause. The fol lowing ladies and gentlemen took part-The Misses Goldsworthy, Simmons, Rudemann, Schutz, Rogers, Cook, Lawton, Anderson, Ramage, Daebritz, Franke, Holcram, Pull ham, Berty, Ziel, and Zimmer, and Herren Simmons and Mefcz. Selections were played by the Bavarian Band, and Herr F. Engel hardt acted as pianist. A dance, which was much enjoyed and was kept up until the early hours of the morning, brought the entertain ment to a close. An additional attraction will be provided at the Cyclorama this evening in the form of " Hydatapikilumina," or the "Laughing Waters," which should prove to be an excel lent production considering the expense that has been gone to. The ghost of Napoleon will also be produced. 