THE PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY'S BUSINESS. The Government bed not a happy time In Parliament on Tuesday. In the Legislative Council it was deoided that the salaries o( Ministers and legislators should be aubieoted to a further reduction than that proposed in the Publio Salaries Bill. The Premier when passing on to the Counoii the Vermin Bill apologized for its mutilated oondition. Later on the supplementary Part XIX. Bill was completely emasculated. Every _ member of the Legislative Council was in his seat on Tuesday afternoon to dis cuss the details of the Publio Salaries Bill. A large number of ladies patiently waited in the hope that the debate on the " Suffering Women" Bill would t be resumed, and they were nearly disappointed—indeed some of them tired of waiting. Nearly the whole afternoon was spent in the discussion of amendments suggested in the Public Salaries Bill. The first effort was made to reduoe the exemption from £150. to £100, but by 14 to 9 the Council negatived the Hon, * J. Darling's proposal. The Hon, J. V, O'Loghlin moved to reduoe the salaries of members of Parlia ment by a larger sum than provided for in the Bill, whereupon an unregenerate auditor broke out into verse:— Says J.V. to the members—"Asms under the BUI And your moderate screws it will speedily till." But the members in scorn most indignant arose With their fingers uplift to their cornorate nose, And asked young J.V. if he ever had seen In their corporate eye a scintilla of green; And each patriot exclaimed with a snort and a whew! "We're not such darned fools as to lower our screw." Although the Labour members strongly opposed the proposal, alas 1 for the prophetic soul of the poet, Mr. O'Loghlin was suooess ful. If oonfirmed by the Assembly, a con tingency by no means probable, the further reduction means, in a oase like the Hon. D. M. Charleston's, not that he will suffer, but that the charities whioh appeal to his sympathies must go short. By 13 to 8 the Counoii agreed to abolish, so far as legislators are concerned, the exemption of £150. This means that members, instead of being taxed to the extent of £2 10s., will have to pay £10 this year under the Bill. The Bill was taken out of Committee. At half psBt 5 the Counoii would probably under ordinary oiroumstances have adjourned till next day, but out of compliment to the ladies, whose curiosity and patience had caused them to listen to all the dreary talk in Committee, members waited while the Hon. W. HsBlam addressed himself to supporting women's suffrage. He was referring to the suggested amendment of the Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick to reduce the qualification for a voter for the Legielative Counoii, when the President ruled him out of order, and took the opportunity earlier than he had intended to give a long ruling, in which ha laid it down that Mr. Kirkpatriok could not move his amendment, nor could the Hon. J, J. Dunoan move to double the number of Legis lative Counoii districts, because the amend ments were not relevant to the subject matter of the Bill, The debate will be continued next Tuesday. Judging by the questions asked in the Assembly the aotion of the Government in reference to the disputed boundary is being carefully watched, particularly by those afraid of playing State fuude into the hands of lawyers, Mr. Hourigau, on a formal motion, called attention to the oase of the unemployed, urged that the State should develop resouroes now negleoted by private enterprise, entreated the Government to press on measures likgly to increase work, and charged the authorities with allowing the railway etook- to fall to pieces and the permanent way to beoome dangerous. A laugh was oreated by the suggestion that the Land Values Assessment Bill would, if passed, oreste a revival in the building trade. Mr. Hourigan threw out binta of a recrudescence of the unemployed agitation. In reply the Commissioner of Public Works was sympathetic with the men in straits. A large number of hands bad recently been taken on, and additional, works would be undertaken at the earliest possibls moment. The second reading of the Lake Bonney Bill would be moved not later than Tuesday. He did not believe the charge against the railway authorities, but to satisfy the hoD. member would asoertain the foots. To Mr. Wood he said hon. members could see the oarriages going into the shops, but the Government could not afford the expense of a Parliamentary picnio. The House allowed the Government to take the Vermin Bill through ita remaining stages, though opportunity was seized by several members to express dissatisfaction with the measure.' Mr. Caldwell, who had not shown any interest in the passage of the Bill, ontioieed its imperfections, hie conduct drawing upon him rebukes, at whioh he assumed astonishment. The Premier apolo gized for the measure, regretting the mutila tion, but considered it worth much as an honest attempt to grapple with a diffi culty. Some members voted for the third reading in the hope that the Legielative Counoii would restore to the Bill itB original merit as something more than a mere Vermin proof Fencing Bill. The South-Eastern Drainage Bill does not exoite enthusiasm. Even Mr. Laudaeer, who at five minutes to 3 resumed the debate on the aeoond reading, oondemned it with faint praise. The warmest supporters ap peared to be the* Labour members, Messrs. Archibald and Price, who hoped that it would create wotk for the unemployed; but Sir John Downer pointed out that it would be a long time before money oould be spent under'the Bill, as the surveys were incom plete. Mr. Riddooh regarded the measure as premature, and wanted. it con sidered by those chiefly interested. Sir John Downer would only allow it to paes as a machinery Bill, requiring a resolution of both Houses before any loan was authorized under it. The Hon. A. Oatt and Mr. Gilbert uttered words of warning, while Mr. Moule went so far as to characterize the proposal as designed to meet an imaginary want by an unlimited expenditure in order to popularize the Ministry, who did not understand the Bill. Major Oastine adjourned the debate at a quarter to 5. A very old friend, familiar in debate as Part XIX., turned np like a ghost to awaken memories. The Land Values Assessment Aofc Amendment Bill consists of three clauses, one of whioh is to reotify a mistake with regard to eleotions. About this there wot no oontro verey, bub the remaining two, designed to elevate the "oooupier" to the rank of "rate payer," oaused - trouble. Praotically she Assembly was asked to rescind its resolution of last year. The fact that for th6 past week or two it was known tfiat the numbers were against the Government made the debate tame. Sir John Downer led off against the prinoiple, whioh was supported, however, by Messrs. Brooker, Hourigan, Wood, Foster, and Ooneybeer. On the other side Messrs. Johnson, Hague, and Asb spoke. Mr. Solomon failing to adjourn the debate the . BBOond readiag was oarried at 6 o'olook. In | : Committee clause 1, by which the clause in the Aot defining a ratepayer was repealed, was negatived without discussion by 26 to 19, the Government and the Labour party making up theminority. Clause 2 was negatived without discussion, or division, and clause 3 was . oarriedhy 44 to 3. The Premier asked for ah "urgenoy" vote, whioh Mr, Ash and others objeetBd to. The suspension of the Standing Orders instead of being abnormal was, they observed, beooming normal. By 39 to 9 the Government were granted the poor- satisfac tion of seeing the wing-robbed Bill-passed on to another place. The House rose at 6.27. 