STAGE SOENEE TJNRB- Iir a recent Truth competition some very ' amusing answers ware sent in upon the ' unrehearsed incidents of the stage. Among , the most laughable were tho following s I;he.weH-knpwnt actor, John Ryder,. who could reckon. among his pupiis some of the, foremost performers oti tne ' stage, was i»( Margate man and ' always" safe ' of a good', house when he played there. One evening, he. was ' performing Hamlet. at the Margate Theatre, when, it was din- " (covered that for the grave-dfggin'g'ecerie 'there was i id skull- ' atoftrh&.- taken down'. In" desperation' Rydier serii# down to a chemist's hard; by, iq whose shop - 1 window he had( observed a skull wijije walk- ,ing in tlie town in the cfaytinio. . His mite- senger was sucoessful, and teterneif; wiih the article. Ryder took it iipon 'tlie stage and began, "L knew hiifl Hpfotfe a' fellow of infinite jest." Just as he rpnehed tlje. footlights he ( qnforbunp.tely. tpuched a spring in (he skull, which thereuppn began t,o open ami. close .ijis' jhws irt'.'A:iiitek'ap|)d1hdif''i$au'ue Aft : Ry'defs efforts ! to stop the mechanism ' were unavailing, arid, to the hmiiseirieitb of the audience after eDdeayouring( in Vain to go :oh with his speech, ho tiaslied the skull down in a rage and left, thp stage. : ' Some men entrusted" to represent 'tjiff. ( wayes in a tempest had,, been, engaged in a proyiijeial per- ftight: They, were roiJuifpd tb :Sd.; Tlie Yqctte immediately fiefda hf (wliipji 1 i,t was decided, tha jb dlf. the 6ea( dB6Df3(-l)"D' oji' ' " strik'ei CkinteqtfepIjf, ' wliif?t counterfeit llgbtnihg. was" 'rgfcg op (the stage, aiid( the ftdte thunder resounded ab'its loadesb behihil'the ehes tee'lS'cijii.h/ ' I te the qjjfiii' and smooth Iike a carpet. The' prompter, out of U(wite''teitedWb<i- tee''Bpvcr, and ordered thp waves to' do tedrr.dtity! ' ' " lYdves at" plitppnce' of.'st "sljiilirig t " . asked a yoice. which cahie, from the' bottom oftee'abyte. " " " At a shining L" replied the pfouiptei'. ivho had no other alternative. As sopii ajf " the magic word had ' bten pronouiiced thP eea moved1 iii' good earnest, as if ifc had bean tossedby atrae:tete)EtV The fpllowiiig took pthce a.t ftti. dpidteat perfofmahe'e of 'HahiMi''' 'irf' the first dot Hamlet, in alluding to .the Ghost, iisks! , HoratioV ''Sfdy'd ft long?" and Horatibj replies "As one with "mpd'erate htete ( ( might tell a hundred, p" " Marhellps 'itieii should say,-' (doing sOjtheprotaptef whlspeied, "Ltjftor longer, long&'j ' rPdEh ! " 'whetenpoti the , young Horatio rd'se tp'the erhergpiiey, and exclaimed. - .-. ...' " Well, Bay, perhaps, two hundred." 1 In the provinces many years ago, Mottuo . and Julietwas being acted1 Pnd owing to'ilL ness the patt of the lover was taken bjr -Someone not belonging, to; the company. Ih 1 tee garden; sPene whoni Juliet says " fi Romeo', Romeo, wherefore art ihovRomeol he answered : ' '; C-T 1 'Cos; t'other cliap's.sick.". ; Drama, The Armada Scene, the Inquisitors' (ffiamber (Act II.) Grand Inquisitor (sitting in state close to wings) proceeda tp give jpdgmenb on Syb l, atr English: maiden. Says the G.: I. - You havo transgressed the1 laws of our land, and \ye find yon g.ufilty( of a Crime that can oiily be expiated by deffth;. The. Iaw'qf our— — v The sqnteuce( wee. not finished, for the platform, upon which the state chair was fixed gave wa sendhjg? thp astonished G.I. , with h$8 righf and fefb hand sup- g' irters, backwards into the wiiigsr, and om tliesight pjf teeaudiencp," Tbe <$riffyt- temps sent tnP fiputeiih.ter cony tflsiDns tot it vraa .(one 'of- teoSe.seenes, whefo ad audience. to r»n rrldn nwnu Kv f.tiA . cAlomn' nnlnaA I Ijlio proceeclihgs. ' . ' . . " ' . . ! The above, took placo, last May at thf i Standard Theabte, Shdreditcb, when Mr. Hepry Nevill and his company performql .there," '"" (' Not very long ago a small provincial , company had, the " temerity to atfempf Mpgbethf , There, was a good deal of taerri- men I, bub ali'weqt(fairly well untilAcbV., Scene fi when thp. man whoba4 to take the : Pmall part of the Messonger" was suddenly itakep and a poor frrghtened eta(e- i Phirpenter ayas ordered to take, His place. Enter ' MessepgPr": '." I'Toqkpd tovyftrds, Birnam, and anon metlionghb thp : p'opd' Began to mpve. " Macbete (who , wrta boss 'df tlie show tp every sense) and slave--T-." ' ( '(. .. '"'( Messenger, (too terrified to remember, his.: part) : " Well sir ' they told me to say so, - s'elpmql" Scene, a small country town.; th(trpi ; extemporised ' in f Pyvn ' Hatt— ".'Miss' dp Mqntforf," as J ulifet, Has just swallowed the poison and thrown herself on the Bqd, when from ' amdng the ( audience rushes a woman , ( welFkno wn. in the plate), with bahyin her arms, andexclaims to Jul|et: take' your Baby,' I canY keep 16:" q'utctlhft longer'!!" " 