ON COWAN CREEK. (BY THE SPECTRE.) Third Fish: "Master, I marvel how the fishes live in the sea " First Fish: "Why, as men do a-land The great ones eat up the little ones " The low scrub and the Australian heath are all around us, and as the train stops it seems as if we had halted in the wilderness There is not a sign of habitation, only the little shed which serves as an apology for a railway station and far below us we can catch a glimpse of blue water, a boat here and there glancing over its sur- face. This is where the dozen or so of passengers who have just got out of the train are bound, for there is nothing to tempt anyone to stay at the platform. Berowra at present, is little more than a name, the nearest stopping place on the railway line from which one can reach Cowan Creek. There are no settlers here- about; in fact, there is little to induce anyone to settle, for the country, ever since we left the fertile patch around Hornsby, has been of the same arid character. The Hawkesbury sandstone is not remarkable for its fertility and here one has it at its best, or rather worst, for the soil is only good enough to grew bottle brushes and epacris, and cultivation is out of the question. The passengers are merely passing through, fishermen bound for the creek, and as a highly-coloured and slightly imagi- native signboard informs us, we can obtain boats below. But the signboard does not tell us one thing, the nature of the path which has to be faced before the creek can be reached. It is almost a precipitous descent, winding down the mountain side and exploring the recesses of a gully, which under its natural conditions must have been pretty well inaccessible. A friend of mine, after his first visit, assured me that it was much easier to ascend than descend the path. The next time I met him he was toil- ing upwards, laden with a heavy portmanteau and a miscellaneous assortment of fishing gear. As well as his scanty supply of breath would allow him, he frankly admitted that he had quite changed his views on the subject and would, after his present experience rather make half a dozen descents than one ascent. The fact remains that the path is a terrible trial to all but the stoutest climbers. It is the one great drawback to this route, which is much the speediest way of reaching the best fishing grounds of the creek. Hence then is little or no luggage to be seen, the fishing enthusiasts have only their bags, and I could not help pitying the un- fortunate photographer who was at the mercy of a heavy camera, with its accompanying legs. Tho boatshed at the bottom, a curious and picturesque jumble, looks as if it had been built out of odds and ends of timber, roughly put together, on the hillside, amid a profusion of flowers and ferns. The ducks and geese, fat with the fish from the creek, which they will persist in eating in spite of all orders to the contrary, ramble at will about the place; and a big beagle hound, when he is not away in the bush hunting wallabies, receives you with the gentle courteous hospi- tality peculiar to his breed. The bees on their laden way back to the gin case, which serves as a delusive and constantly robbed home, flit in swarms across the path. They are so energetic in their actions, and honey-yeilding plants are so plentiful in the bush, that they actually succeed in filling their case with honey, comb and all, in about six weeks. The passion vine clambers at will all over the sheds, and the abutilon, which blossoms down here all the year round hangs its bell-like flowers in tempting proximity to your hand, But the fishermen notice none of these things. They are, poor fellows, possessed of the fishing fever, which, when once it enters into a man, drives out all sense of the picturesque and blunts, or entirely destroys, the sensitive side of his nature. Your amateur, when he is badly attacked, thinks more of black bream than of bush beauties; schnapper, in his opinion is vastly more important than scenery and he rushes to the boats like one distraught. In an incredibly short space of time every craft belonging to the place is filled and the parties are soon scattered about the branching creek, which has inlets enough to hide all the boats in Sydney harbour. The amateur fisherman, though by reason of his absorption in sport, he lacks the power to appre- ciate the picturesque, is always its unconscious discoverer, paving the way for the tourist, who later on comes upon i the scene armed with a cheap return ticket for the round trip. Luckily one has, at present, only to deal with the fisherman. On Saturday and Sunday one meets him everywhere, his small open boat, no matter what the weather, anchored off his favourite point within a stone's throw of the steep rocky walls which fence in these waters with almost impassable barriers. Each fisherman has his chosen grounds; he knows where bream may be caught at dawn with cunning waxed lines, or where jew- fish abound, and where with patience an occa- sional lordly scnnapper may be picked up. Turn which way you chose in Cowan and the outlook as always superb. Certainly there is room for the charge of sameness so generally brought against Australien scenery but then the sameness is majestic, and one would hardly wish to vary it. Once past the Heads, leaving the oddly named Jerusalem Bay on the right, the inclining shores shut out all view of the open waters beyond. For the rest of the time one is landlocked in a lake of the brighhtest blue, hemmed in by huge masses of precipitous rock clothed with the dull dark green of the eucalyptus. Wherever the rock will afford even the slightest apology for a foothold, wherever, in fact, it varies in the least degree from the perpendicular, there is a tree or a shrub, and the waters below, in their glassu brightness, double the effect by repeating, in mirrored per- fection, the foliage above. And what the water does for the eye the rocks do for the ear. In most of the bays the echo is so complete that every sound is thrown back with startling pre- cision. It is no new discovery this Cowan Creek, though many people, on hearing that the Govern- ment had very wisely made a second national park of the surrounding district, imagined that an entirely unknown country was to be opened up. For years past the creek has been a favourite resort of yachtsmen, but until the Northern line was taken through to the Hawkosbuiy, it was difficult to reach the place in any less expensive way. Even then, though the creek was brought within little more than an hour's journey from Sydney, it was not so easy to get about it, since no boats could be obtained, Two or three years ago, however, an enterprising boatbuilder noticed the deficiency, und the result is that any part of the creek can now be visited at a minimum of expense and with less difiiculty than is involved in getting from one suburb of Sydney to another. Dark openings on the hill- side indicate at every turn the presence of caves and in these weather-worn hollows one will almost invariably find traces of the modern camper, the inevitable jam tin and beer bottle, or it may be the ashes of a recent fire. Naturally the picnicking Harry, like his prototype in the old country, leaves his name behind him, as if it were a matter of interest for anyone to know that he bad slept and shivered for a night or two there. The only value to be attached to these inscriptions is the dates, which occasionally go well back into the sixties, showing thal over 30 years ago people had the determination to find their way into this region, which must then have been almost in- acoessible All this, however, is a matter of to-day, since 30 years counts but as a moment in the real history of the place. The very name which Mr. Copeland has given it is indicative of its previous occupancy, though for how many centuries the Ku-ring-gai tribe lived and fought and fished and wore out their bar- barous lives among these cave-pierced hills no one can tell. The lapse of years must have been very great, judging by the abundance of debris left behind by these old-time campers- out. On every hillside, beneath every hol- low in the rock, one sees growths of the long rank grass which flourishes on the kitchen middens of the aboriginals. In the caves them- selves the accumulation is more easily examine, and the exciting sport of bone-hunting, which is as full of chances as gold-mining, may be in- dulged in. I spent the whole of one afternoon digging in a cave, and found nothing but a stone oyster-opener, though next day a complete skeloton, a rare trouvaille, was unearthed. In a large cave now being cleaned out by a Sydney gentleman, who intends to use it as a habitation for himself and family, the floor is covered to a depth of some 6ft with a solid mass of shells and ashes. One can see clearly, as a section is made through the stuff, the place where the aboriginal fire was lit, perhaps centuries ago , then another layer of ashes, which must have been years in accumulating, then again more ashes, and so on. It is a somewhat unaccountable fact that, though oysters are so plentiful all round the shores of the creek, but few of their shells, and those very email ones, are found amongst the debris. The aboriginals seem to have lived almost entirely on mussels and cockles, with an occasional whelk thrown in by way of dessert. It may be that the abundant oyster growth is of modern date, and that when the blacks were plentiful - and there are men still living who remember them forty years ago - the bivalve had no chance to spread itself over the closely cropped rocks; but after the savages left or died out all checks on its multiplication were removed. Today one can have as many delicious oysters as one chooses simply for the trouble of knocking them off the rocks and it is hard to suppose that if they had been as plentiful in the old times the aboriginals would have neglected this easily gathered food. There are a good many theories to account for the presence of the bones to be found in nearly every cave, and the most probably one is that the natives chose these places for sepulchres because the debris were soft and easy to dig in. In this country of rocks it is hard to find a place where one can dig a grave, even a foot in depth, and as a stone tomahawk seems to have been about the only implement the natives possessed, they naturally could not do much excavation. As it was, in the soft accumulations of the caves, they only dug down about 2ft. and then, acting upon their well- known superstition, abandoned the place as a dwelling for ever. The white camper is not so particular. He sleeps cheerfully in the ghost-haunted caverns, heedless of the tale of human misery and suffering which every point of the country has to tell. There is one big rock on the Hawkesbury which they say covers the skeletons of two or three hundred picked warriors. The legend, which has been passed on from the natives to the white man states that during one of the numerous tribal wars between the coastal and the inland clans, a great storm came on. The men took refuge in this cave but owing to the rain, or perhaps a lightning strike, the rock fell in upon them. The truth could only be ascertained by removing the rock, an expense which no one is likely to incur, though today some modern vandals have painted an hotel advertisement on this huge natural gravestone. The dawn of art has left its traces here in many a smoke-blackened cavern and on many a preci- pitous height. The district has never been systematically explored and therein perhaps lies its chief charm, for one knows not what surprises may be stumbled upon accidentally. I remember one afternoon fishing for bream under what is locally known as a "wall" - that is to say, a place where the rock drops perpendicularly, so that there is deep water close in shore. The fish are very fond of these spots and here we caught bream and jewfish with an occasional solo and trevally until we were tired of the sport. And then right above us, halfway up the hillside, we saw a dark opening just peeping out through the scrub. "There's a cave up there," said my friend, who is an enthusiastic explorer, "let's climb up." So we did climb up, forcing our way with infinite difficulty through the taugled creepers which barred every approach, tearing our clothes and scratching our hands with the thorns, stumbling over rotten tree trunks which crashed away from rencath our feet, until at last we met our reward. We reached a large weather-worn cave, running right along the face of the cliff, which bore no trace of human visitation. Even the usual signs of the white camper, the empty jam tim, the half-burned logs, were missing; the solitude, not merely of today but of centuries, seemed to hang over the place. It really looked as if no human being had been there since the day when a naked savage traced with his charcoal stick those rude drawings on the wall. All along the back of the cave, for a space of 20 or 30 yards, there were outlined, in the crudest fashion, the likeness of the things most familiar to the aboriginal. Living in the bush, with foliage all round, he tried to reproduce a grass tree. Subsisting mainly on fish, he drew tracings of them, and as hunting was his only sport, he essayed the likeness of a kangaroo. Naturally the latter task was much too difficult for the untutored fingers, and the result is an indescribable beast, looking somowhat like a magnified beetle. All these tracings seem to be indelible; they have withstood tho wear of the weather for who knows how long, and the charcoal, being mixed with animal fat, will not rub off. It is the quaintest, the wildest art gallery ever man made. The building is of nature's own contriving; there are no bricks and mortar to distract your attention the only win- dows are the irregular openings between the crooked gums and clustering bushes. Yet they give sufficient light, and the rocks give ample shelter and this was all the primitive man needed. A little stream of water falls, drop by drop, from the roof, and just beneath it, encouraged by the moisture, a wild fig has taken root, and, striking out horizontally towards the light, has grown into a vigorous tree. Very likely its roots are inter- twisted with the bones of an aboriginal; there may be dozens of skeletons beneath our feet, but it seems a pity to disturb them, they have chosen such a peaceful spot in which to rest. And the mighty Reaper spareth not, his glaive Crusheth seedlings slight, and stately oaks doth smite; High and low, and rich and poor, and king and slave, All before His sternness quake, before His might. But out of the victims whom He felleth there Gathers He what noble hid in them had lain, Sifts it but from dust's contagion to transfer All atoned unto its God, its home again 