TRUE AND UNTRUE. ? I ? Capital letters— £.B.D. i ... ' The road to rain— Up King-street. '' The liar catches fish with his mouth. , .- 11 Under the rose ' — The man in the shower bath, . . . The man wiio aims at nothing often makes a hit. The police force of London cost £2,000,000 .a year. ? .^. Sixteen ounces to the pound is the way of the just. Ken make houses, but women make them miserable. -*A milk punch is not necessarily a kick from a cew. Motto of the Hobart Bowling Club : 'We stooo to conquer.' ' When a man goes out on the loose he generally gets tight. Man is the stronger vessel, but he has often to be bailed out. It takes 10 yards of staff to mate a waist coat for Hon. John Lucas. A bull-dog may be stupid, but he catches on pretty quickly sometimes. Teacher : What sort of a boy goes to Heaven? Pupil : Dead ones. ~ The reported death of the ruler of Afghanistan was Ameer romor. Gossip may be defined as putting two and two together and making it five. A Mrs. Crally, r' London, has had two sets of triplets witl in 18 months. . , _ The bananarchlsts who scatter skins on the mvements ought to be run in. Poor George Harris, the billiard marker, is dead. He has taken the long rest. It's no use being too good. It was the prodigal who ate of the fatted calf. Out of every ten men, nine are born to work for the tenth. Be the tenth. People are never content, for the same reason that a frog never has feathers. The prayer of the plutocrat : ' Lord have mercy on the rich. The poor can beg.' A good wife is one of the best things in the world, but a bad husbaad beats her. Tramp : ' Can you give me sixpence for a bed ?' Ikey Moses : ' Where's the bed ?n Mr. Gr. H. Beid is going to take steps to prevent tailoresses sweating while at work. . A llttdgee dentist is named Virgin. .Bather a handicap for an experienced man. It is not necessary to make a beast of yourself in order to become the lion of a Party' ... Bev. McNeill keeps punching away to show that Hell is not a pleasant summer resort. , ? I ? A Sydneyite has taught a blind man to type-write at the rate of fifty words per minute. When a man is asked to foot a big bill ran np by his wife, he cannot be blamed for kicking. j Under' the P.O. Arcade, 1893: 'You will be tried if you wait.' 1S91 : 'Try your weight.' i , -v 1L Dupuy and M. Declassa, each 42 years of age, are the oldest men in the French, Cabinet. A small boy says he loves his teacher, because the Bible says we are to love our enemies. - . It is human to err. : Haynes, M.F., is 1 human. He er-er-er-ers' all the time he is speaking. Jones : ' I say Brown is no good.'' Smith : ' Bnt he grows on one.' Jones : ' A sort of puasite.' Again those postal pillars aro being knocked abont from pillar to post in the Dniiy Pmbs. The Assembly ia a House which is always divided against itself. But it does not stand — it sits. Proceeding in his defiance of custom, Judge Windeyer has puithaiei a straw hat for summer-wear. A lady typewriter in a city office has given her employer notice. She caught him kissing his wife, An H.P. who Beme time ago ' swore off,' always winks at tbe waiter when he calls for 'soda straight.' The Bingarooma is no better than the ordinary drunk. She had to be put in the. dock and baled out. Many a man refuses to love his neighbor as himself, because he has a garden, aniThls neighbor keeps fowls. I ... j 'Bev. McUeil says it's wrong to lie. If he stayed in Sydney long, he would begin to think it's wrong not to. 'Biz Into four won't go,' siid the shoe- j salesman to the lady, as be handed her a pair.' of the size she asked for. The difference between a solicitor and a. b&rriBter; 1b precisely the same as between a, crocodile and an alligator. . Miss Addison, the actress, has just been married for the first time. Oh I she must have been only an amateur, t ?? , . The wave of a sweet creature's hand is the wave upon which many a weak- minded fellow has floated to his doom. At ' The Point' itis considered good form to speak of a lady of mature years as one who is 'no longer very young.' . ^ . ' Of 1,450,000,000 people in the world 1,050,000,000 are not Christians, and the re-: mainder only pretend they are. — Professor Garner says that the gorilla speaks only eight woris. This, of course, only allades to the male gorilla, :. It takes not less than 2600 cedar trees annually to supply the wood for the pencil manufacture .f the United States. The British Isles' have an average of 66 geles a year. In. tact they are always brew ing, the people as well as the gales. ' You muit)- never take anything that does not agree with you.' 'ill right, father; accepting your Advice I must reject it. The strike in 'the printing trade has soon followed the strike on the Linotype. The keys of the Linotype have to be struck. 'Poets ate born, not made,' he said loftily. ' I know it,' said the editor, ' and that is the reason why there sre so many of them.' The political' cry of the Jlaoriland women is ' Down with drink.'' The men do the deed, and don't. mate so much noise about it. . A contemporary writes of a mining agent as a ' snarebroker.' Of course it is a mis print, but not so much of a misprint after all. The ancient name of Corea means 'the land of the morning calm.' Now it could be varied to 'the land Of the ftiourning qualm.' - A citizen who sometimes gets home early — ia the morning — says his wife doesn't choose his clothes. ?, She only picks Mb pockets. * ,j Elephants have been known to live 150 years. It must be aggravating for the young elephant who knows he is^the favored one in the vtiU. The difference between meddBng and in vestigating is, that you are alwayB investi gating while it is the other fellow who meddles. Tbe Mississippi delta is settling at the rate of six inches a century. That even is faster than some men settle electioneering accounts. ? He was absent-minded ; be thought he had left his watch at home, then took it out of his vest- pocket to eee if he had time to go back for it. An Adelaide Friendly Society has a gym nasium, where boxing is taught. The in tensity of a man's friendship can be gauged by bis blow. The policy of the Czarewitdh of Bussia ib said to be ' an enigma.' In which it most resembles that of the Premierovitch of New South Wales. L. L. Smith, the great advertising medico of Melbourne, wrote to Mr. O'Hara, of pugi listio fame, ' Bravo, old man, it 1b worth £250 as an ad.' Ur. Carrnthers is opposed to the views of bnsiness men generally. His idea is to dis tribute settlement. They want people, to settle on the spot. , '»? ' ? , It's a wise child that? got* out of the room to laugh when the old man smashes his thumb-nail trying to tack down apiece of refractory carpet. A Sydney violinist was' arrested in Bxaul and narrowly escaped beiqg shot. The mills of the goto may grind slowly, but they get there just the same. A tourist writes ' The road up the side of the mountain is steep, and too rocky for a donkey to climb, therefore I did sot attempt the ascent.' Missioner McNeill says, 'It's better to shout tban to doubt.' There are scores of thirsty citizens who will endorse the shout part of the senttment. t * No one has ever been within 560 miles of the North Pole, not even a book oaavasser er a candidate for Parliament. . Yet, who measured the distance 7 The Greeks believed that a perfect body . insured a perfect min^. The tatleavx vinavt ladies would have been looked npon bb philo sophers in ancient Greece. A lady of Indiana, U.S., has just married her ninth husband. It takes nine tailors to make a man, but this lady requires nine husbands before she is suited. AViltins : It is extravagant to wear Buch an expensive suit. Bilkins : Great extravagance on the part of the tailor. He trusted me. If it is true about the war — One-half we read aud hear— The Chow is gol.g to have a most Disaster-marked Corea. An elder in the parish was one 'day re proving an old woman, who was rather the worse for liquor, by saying, 'Sarah, don't yon know that you should fly from the tempter f' Borah (not too welt pleated) ; ' Flea yarssl'.' Blder : ' Oh, Sarah, I have flown.' Sarah : ' Aweel, I think ye'll be naue the waur o' anither flutter,' Mrs. Needle, hanged in Melbourne on Monday, said ehe was going to Heaven. If there are many like her there, Paradise will be a good place to keep out of. We eat, sleep, plan and plot, . And go to church on.Su&dty; J Someof us are afraid of quod, But more ef Mrs. Grundy. Joys of all descriptions Are known to many men ; But 'tis joy that never wearies To be aaked to drink again. In Israelite Bay, Albany, there is a gold mine— a passenger by the Bodondo having lost S00 sovereigns there. Where ii the Israelite that can float that mine 1 ? ' In betting on the Melbeume Cup Be careful what you're doin'. There's alvare somethingturnug up, There's always trouble Bruin. The ladies of Mo'.oag are killing time by cricket practice. They played the males a match on Saturday last. Nasty people say they are always a match for the males. A witness in the Bodney case gave a literal answer to a question. 'How long was the conversation going on?' was the question. 'For about a mile,' was the reply. . Evangelist McNeill keeps the keys of the collection boxes which are used at his meet ings. His national instincts thus surmount his doctrine that all men should trust one another. Here is a specimen of the kind of advts. which appear in a Sydney evening paper : 'Wanted, a wife; must be plump, active, clean, and handsome — like myself.— W.B.K.' Cohar is going ahead by leaps and bounds. In another few weeks twenty new business houses will hflTe been erected. The success which went with the copper is returning with the gold. ... West Australians retaliate on those who speak of the colony as ' Westralia ' by refer ring to colonial immigrants as 'Yeastra- lians.' Some of 'ours' are a little bit frothy at times, . Bev. Danielle, a Seventh Day Adventist, says ' Spiritualistic phenomena are the work of fallen angels.' Dodges of the devil to get some of his 'cronk 'uns' into good society, so to speak. Writing on the ' Alien Labor ' questien, a contemporary saya : — ' Sugar deserves consideration.' Bight first time. It gets it too in this, or any other country. ' Sugar ' talks in every language. The 'Telegraph' says the statements of revenue returns for the last fortnight are more trustworthy than their predecessors. Which is not exactly complimentary to the official who prepares them. Thus the ' Scrutineer ' : ' The mean, con temptible thief who stole a leather collar oS a black and white pup, is requested to call at the 'Scrutineer' Office for tbe chain and bnggy whip.' Nice invitation. A nasty cynical country paper has the following: — 'There being no cases at the Quarter Sessions, the Judge was 'presented with a pair ®£ white gloves. His Honor congratulated the district on the lethargy of its police, 'Daily Telegraph' 6ays that at Newtown Patrick Blewitt, milk vendor, was fined £4 and oosts for adulterating milk with water and ' pceservitas ' — a mixture of borax and boracic acid, calculated to dilute milk and not ' blue' it. Mr. Asquith, who has been mentioned as a possible Premier of England, regards the Honse of Lords as 'a caricature of the features and a perversion of the functions of an Upper House.' It is something that way in New South Wales. K The holder of the winner of the Caulfield Cup in the big sweep lightly speaks of his cheqne as his bit of ' plaster of Paris.' A few secends before the post was reached he was under the impression that there was trouble Bruin f«r him. At a public function in the colony Sir John Bead, Bart., formerly governor of Dar liughurst Gaol, is entitled to take precedence of any of our looal nobility from Suff down wards. Yet he does not put on as much frill as an ordinary C.M.G. ! The: volumes presented by Sir Henry Parkes\to the People's Institute are stowed away' in a locked case at the Free Public Library. A book under lock and key is a hidden treasure, but not half bo valuable as Parkes would be in the same position. The weekly revenue returns, as published by the Treasurer, are marked by 'a queer sort of up-and-down motion.' A good week alternates with a bad week, and tome evil minded critics are bold enough to state that the figures an no mere to be trusted than are I those of fascinating and fashionable women, j Oh I Oh I 'pangar, ex-H.P., committed for I trial at Eempssy, on Tuesday, on a charge j of conspiracy to defraud a woman. If Ohl Oh I had to be dealt with by a jury of ' Sydney barmaids, he would be obliged ta I furnish irrefragable proofs o! his innocence ' Such a nice man, too ; such a nice eld* man.' Since Bev. M'Neill and Burke arrived In Sydney, one of Thoth's compa has been looking through the Bible and haB made the I disoovery tbat the total number of capital I letters in it are 105,980, of small caps. 6867, and of lower -esse 8,462,963 ; grand total of letters, including one S, is 8,666,481, Work it out for ycureelf. \- The hottest place - on earth it the vicinity of Vases wah, . Whe^rthe north-met- wind j blows from the desert, the thermometer been known to go to 160. The men of twl Italian garrison there can sleep only by. thafl assistance of natives employed to go to an tfM fro all night and sprinkle fee bodies of thfljl sleepers with water. . ?? Florrie (aged 6) : ' Did God ny&o; Mother Yes, dear.' . ? :Wm Florrie: 'Did He make father (aieS'l 60?') ji Mother : 'Tea,fiw0F :SM Florrie (after a look at her father glance at the mirror} ; 41 Heia improviM Hib work, isn't He V' *' Tbe fortnightly meeting of the AssociaijjH tion of Spiritualists took place in Sydney, on Monday. Forty i.nflas gentlemen attended, and nearly thirty' spiritai were 1 manifested,' two-thirds of which Waneil recognised/' A petition to add a new winfe'l to Grladesville Asylum is being prepared Sot? presentation to Parliament. . The cable man from day to day Wires tbat the Czar is ill* '3| The Queen is growing feeble, ./'ji And the Ameer feebler atUl. . * Ji One day the news will come u They're dei&^ fig By brief electric clicks, ^ Jit Small trouble ours— who else 'pegs out,'** - Old farkes still lives and kicks. The site for the Government 'MetetinrSl gical Works' has been decided on, Wc awll too scientific in this colony. A 'School Mines' is better than a ' Metallurgies!! Works.' 6yd. ought to take a run overtoil Ballarat, and observe how Theory and Prab-:;J tice walk hand in hand with Science, talk to the world of work in i&nguage; irhich^ it can understand, 7 ^ 1 ? * * 'M Galton, the latest New South- WtfePEMj toriographer, is of opinion that Johnson's^ Dictionary is sufficient for the day. If old M man Johnson's spook could be materialise.); II it, or he, would probably be differently ! minded. The foreigner who trusted io ji Johnson for his English would require an^f interpreter to help him keep his-conrerBa^ tional end up in Australia. y ? What has Mr. Commissioner 2E, H. Eddy to say to this : *' A Forbes lady, when ^J in 8ydney the other day, purchased a tojr^ for her little girL The toy cost 3a 6d, but; ^ being rather bnlky, the lady bad it put inf ii the brake-van, at Bedfern. She was much- J surprised afterwards to find that she had to -S pay Ss 6d on it.' Is it any wonder that the,*^ railway revenue is falling qS.1 ilrs. Uellon's Spiritualistic manifestations^ do not catch on in this city. Which joes b- 4 strengthen Max O'Bell's assertion that Aus- |g tralians only believe in the spirits whose. jf temporary abiding place is in the bottle oa-fi the bar. If Mrs. M- — . could arrange an ontpouring of that kind of spirit, soeptics ^ would be scarce, and hex seances woiddtmr! $ like the smoke-stack of a sugar-mill* * HATS OFF.' X Under her sun-hat I kissed her, _ . ^ Under her sun-hat ef straw. # It would not have been strange had I miisedher, ^ For but half of her visage I saw. ' But under that broadly --brimmed Bun»h*t ? i ? I dived for a moment $f bliss. - ' ' You may wager a bit to a bun that ' .'J I got in a lightning-speed kiss. .v Yes, under her sun-hat I kissed her, But some how the sun-hat shows how I'd got hold of her Melbourne-reared sister-* . There are two girls don't apeak to me now* A lady writer in a contemporary regrets £ that the petticoat as an article of feminine j wear will shortly give place to the k&icker;* bocker arrangement. And then 'ii When petticoats are gone and , knickerbockers v take their place, ' ( | And a girl has got a brother who is ' like her in j. the face'; ~ ^ When the twaia, dressed up for cycling) mi their wheels set out to ride, And the fellow comes along who's muted the maiden for -his bride — ' - / How apt he'll be to set his teeth- some awful : word to smother, - .- When he slyly steals a kiss from her, and find^ he's kissed her brother. -- Mr. Henry FoBter, a Sydney solicitor, has published a book entitled ' What is Han ?'' The old answer to the conundrum is 'A featherless biped,' but Mr. Foster, before he finishes his esort, will probably prove that man is just about the same as he has been all the time— tbat Dives and Lazantg, dif ferently named, still live, that the wicked man is often the superior of the rigbSeoni, _.r and that one man is as good as another and a d ? sight better. In view of ^ depression, and strikes, and trouble generally, and the apparent lack of use for the species, lb. J Foster might very pertinently^ enquiro'sub^. sequently ' T Yhy is Man?' * l He was a very ancta&t; man, nigh-four sowe I years he'd seen, * ^ l And on the border line he stood ^Timojand Fore'er between. \ . ' I ds not ask for length of days,' he Baid, 11 JB am content; ' ^ I Wait the call io go, and think 'the message* has bean sent. Vet fain I would, though feeble grown, with hope long since diminished, Encumber still the earth until the City Ball* way's finished.' Forth flashed the angel's flaming ' sword^ his silvered cord to sever— ?* ? . ' Great Cawar's ghost!' in wrath he cried, 'hi waate to live for ever.' THE SPOOK.i From curtained nook, in quiet home The shrouded Spook is teen to ©ome, To nod and grin with ghastly leer, 1 - And call for gin and ginger beer. „ Then she or he, 'ere diea surprise, Prociede to de-materialise, - i And fades away, how few can tell, * ' Ere one oan say 4- Spook, are you well ?' How things are ' there ' the Spootaays nst* The weather fair or ' settled hot,' /%? ' I Spooks will not tell, so no one knows ! How each from hell can bring his clothes, I Or make his way throngh Heaven's crowd In every-day earth*fashfaned shroud. We never knew tbat spirits ate. As these ''Spooks ' do, of chocolate. Or that each songs were liked in hell As ' Pink-a-Pongac' and ' Daisy BelL* Or that above where angels are ... The ble&sed; love M Ta-ra-ra*ra.M I If Mrs. M. oan rope them in, Qoiok recompense she'll easy win. V Juatget one ere the board goea up - . 1 1 To tell her square who'll 11 oop ' the Cup, * j ? Audit ehe gets g truthful Ghost, I Aud takes her beta * ' first paat the poet' I . Shell D-ake her pile and teach the *'Bboks.** I It's worth one's while to trade on 'Spooks,*? -f ! « ? ? ? ? Some sporting spook she sue can tcsoe [ In Heaven — or ' the other plaoe.' ' PainteR6,— What does yom , prejudfae oosfc tke j oo&ntrj; ? It New Booth Wales Imports SQA00 A of so-called Wblta Lead, which is ooMtDadatSOe ' ! per ten higher than oar absolutely Pom White rfi4..u nnder ohsmloal analysis, y«u duply sandawayfraa* he wages fond ol ear workman £&0?000. Sty judfo* by huyiag yoor cegntosieats MMlg' i and 0On Wfl sad VI ^ 