Toowoomiia Lunatic Asylum — Last week's report : — In the house at last report, 115 males, 145 females; since admitted, I male, 20 females ; died, 2 males ; remaining, 114 males, 265 females; total, 379. Died: March 5th, Christie Hansen, aged 34, late of . Toowoomba, of gastric ulcer ; March 8, one | male, of heart disease. The medical superin tendent acknowledges with thanks the receipt of a parcel of illustrated papers from Afr A firfilvii* fnr Hio ikp nf tlm nnticllN. 'Okk'to tiik Oi.u Country. — After a long, laborious, and useful life amongst us, Mr. and Mrs. F. Batzloff, of Westbrook Homestead Area, have determined to in dulge in the luxury of a visit to their native place, which is Berlin. 'Mr. Batzloff arrived in Queensland 34 years ago, when he was ten years old, and Mrs. Batzloff a year later. They have proved sterling colonists, the stamp of which we cannot have too many, and now find themselves in comfortable cir cumstances as the result of industrious and i.itelligent farming. They leave Too wbomba on Monday next for Sydney, having booked passages in the Nord Deutscher Lloyds Hoheiistaufcn which leaves that port on the 28th inst. Mr. and Mrs. IJatzloff go by the Hohenstaufen as far as Genoa, when they proceed by rail through Switzerland to their destination. It only remains for us to wish them a pleasant time and a safe return. Awaiting Ciiistian Burial.— A Chi nese cook, who has for some time been engaged at the Commercial Hotel, Barcal dine'(says the Western Champion), died very suddenly on Sunday afternoon. He nacl been preparing me evening meat snuniy before 5 o'clock, and a few minutes after that hour he expired. Symptoms seem to point to the probability that deceased had taken poison, but whether it was selfad ministered or not is unknown. The corpse was conveyed to the hospital morgue for examination. There is no Government Medical Officer now at Barcaldine, and Dr. Symes notified the policejthat lie would make no post mortem examination until the police guaranteed payment of four- guineas, the usual professional charge for this work. Up to noon on Monday the police had received no authority to guarantee payment of the fee, and the decomposing body of the China man still remained in the morgue, awaiting instructions ' from below,' St. Patrick and ins Day. — A corres pondent writes :. ' An Irishman all in his glory was there, With his sprig of shellelagh and shamrock , so green.' There. are about 66 memoirs of the life of Saint Patrick written. Three places claim the honour of his birth : Brittany (in France), Cornwall (in England), and Kilpatrick (in Scotland). An Irishman he was not, but he went to Ireland to convert it. The Scots and Hibernians sometimes took Roman cap- tives, and one of them was the future' apostle! He was sold as a slave and herded sheep on the slopes of Slemish mountain, ' within 6 miles of the town of Ballymena, County of Antrim, Ireland. His family, were Romans, and Christians. His father's name was Calpurnius, a Gallo-Roman lord —and his mother's name was Conchesse. There are autobiographical writings trace- able to the hand of Saint Patrick himself in the Hooks of Armagh. This work con- tains an account of his parentage and of his faith. It contains the three R's,— Ruin by Adam, Redemption by Christ, and Re- generation by' the Holy Ghost. Saint Patrick organised the Church throughout ' Ireland. He ? was born in the ancient diocese of Dol, in Brittany, and in his own book of memoirs he himself names Bonaven ? as the place of his birth, near St. Malo. In his 16th year some Hibernian pirates landed and slaughtered his father and carried him (Patrick) away a prisoner to Ireland, where for six years he was a slaved and then' learned the language of Hibernia. He returned to ? ? (Janl to1 see his relations and friends, but \- went back to County Antrim about -A.D. 14.33, artd preached the Gospel of Christ to the ??Irish' people. Saint Patrick founded foe See ot Armagh about A.D. 455, . and passed his remaining years between that city and his favourite retreat, Saul Downpatrick, :??'?? where according to the Annals of Ulster he died oil the 17th. day of March A.D. 493 ? (according to Di\ Lanigan, 465) at the age . of 78 years, and was interred in the Abbey ; 'of-Saul Do\ynpatriek. The duration of the v ??apostle's niissiqnViij. Ireland . wus 33 years. ' ? J-fe 'requ'esfed ljis friends before h- death '-:n6t 'to mourn' lnitpflieF. rejoice, and to take a 'd|-OR of something' to drink. Thus the -?origin' of drowning the shainrock on St. Patrick's Ofty, ? . ??? '??.?? You.su IjADIKs' Journal.— The March part of this popular ladies periodical well maintains its prestige. The .fashion plates, though of course, suggestive of seasons opposite to ours, will be found very attrac tive and useful. Terrific shoulders and restricted hips are still in vogue. Amongst the extras are a paper pattern of the Rosa lind jacket and a very elegant design for embroidering a tea-table cloth. There is a capital article entitled ' A Man's Sanctum,' containing useful suggestions for fitting a room at a small cost as a smoke-room for the gentlemen of a family. There is no lack of amusement in the form of romance, poetry, and miscellaneous paragraphs. The new serial story begun in this part is entitled ' In Doubtful Guise.' Australian Buttkr. — Do confectioners know of the enormous quantity of Austra lian and New Zealand butter that is comirg into the country? (asks the British and Foreign Confectioner and Baker, of 27th January last). Further, are they aware of the- suitability of this butter for their busi ness ? And, finally, have they realised the great fact that it is a much better article, price for price, than Danish, Dutch, or any other butter? French salt butter is dying out, owing to the high quality of the Colonial, which is killing it. If confec tioners have not yet got wind of the value of the Colonial product they should lose no time in acquiring it. That it is making enormous strides in public estimation may be gathered from the fact that during the last three months of last rear nearly 1S00 tons more were imported into London than during the same period of 1892. A Combt's Tail. — A most thrilling account is given by Mr. Maunder, in the J)aily Chronicle, of the sad fate of Brook's comet. It started with a round head and three tails, the principal one being of the modest length of 10,000,000 miles. That was on the 19th of October. Two clays later one of the minor tails had much increased, while the other had all but dis appeared, and on the next morning ' the comet's tail appeared in a wholly unpre cedented condition. The graceful symmetry was destroyed,' and it was bent, distorted, and deflected. Next day's photographic bulletin amply confirmed the distuibance of the previous morning. ' The tail was broken, and seemed to pang in irregu lar cloud masses, deflected out of line, with the stem of the tail near the head. A portion of the end of the tail was completely de tached, and was drifting off as an indepen dent comet.' Since then the comet has receded still further from the sun, growing lainter all the while, and has finally lost the greater part of its tail. The experts seem to think that there has been a collision. Brooks probably said, ' Will anyone be plazed to tread on the tail of ' my comet ?' and the challenge seems to have been taken up with the most disastrous results. Dora Dora Jacky.— Mr. James Pollock, manager of Bloomsbury station, writes as follows to the Mackay Standard under date February 22 : — I would like to add a few words to the long account you published of the arrest, escape, and recapture of the' blackboy Bulycl or Jacky by the Kings. This boy is known in the Mackay district as ' Willie,' and worked under agreement with other Maryborough boys for Mr. Lacy at St. Helens some seven years ago. Willie then bore a splendid reputation, being a good man amongst stock, quiet and respect ful in his manner, especially so towards women and children. It was remarked as an odd thing that he would not drink spirits. Mr. Lacy returned him to Mary borough when his time expired according to agreement. Willie again made his appear ance in this district in August last, making himself known to' Mr. Dewar, of the ' Peninsula. He engaged with me in Sep tember and worked on until the middle of December, accompanying me once with horses to Bowen in October, He took an interest in the shipping of horses to India, nnrl nt an exhihitinn rif bnxinr* one nipht at j the School of Arts, he put the gloves on with another boy and proved himself not deficient in the noble art of self defence. He was sober and well behaved there, and during his whole stay with me he confirmed the high opinion held of his character of previous years, leaving nothing to be desired in the way of trustworthiness ;; in fact; had the Kings not niade. their appearance, he would have been working for me now. ' B.Y SPECIAL1 APPOINTMENT. ' Pears, Soap Makers to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales. ?.???'' Identification . ok .Criminals.— Re- 1 eently (says the Sydney Morning Herald) Mr. Justice Windeycr made some rc.-'| marks' condemning the present system of 1 identifying criminals, especially by. photo- I graphs, in this connection it is interesting to learn that the Department Committee I appointed by the Home Office to consider M. Bertillon's anthropometric method for the measurement- of criminals is likely to have a practical result. The committee, strongly impressed with the successful operation ot the system in France, Austria, and other Continental countries, have prepared a report containing a recommendation in favour of its adoption in this country. The only difficulty in the application of the method, remarks the Manchester Guardian' 's London correspondent, lies .in its initial stages, ^for -it obvio'usly requires for its successful working the greatest care and accuracy, while it takes some time to impart to prison warders and others in charge of criminals the needed instruction. When once this is acquired, however, a complete classification of measurements kept in the registers at the headquarters of the police very soon reveals the identity of a suspected habitual criminal. An Extknsivk Empire. — It is easy to grasp a little of the extent of the British Empire by reading our cablegrams. There is fighting in Northern India with the native tribes. At the same time we know that West Africa has a spot of fire in process of extinction as a British force is operating against the slave-dealing chief Fodisalah. News has leached the Cape that Pondoland on the far south of the African continent is to be annexed ; and at the same time Presi dent Kruger is asking Transvaal burghers not to think of Matabeleland, because Mr. Rhodes is seeking to making the whole of South Africa a British State. Sir Thomas M'llwraith is in Great Britain, busy with the projected British cable across the Pacific and deeply interested in the trans-Canadian route for carriage of Australian mails. In Canada the other day the Hon. Mackenzie Bowell, speaking at a banquet given by the Toronto Hoard of Trade to the Earl of Aberdeen, Governor-General of the Domi nion, gave the results of his trip to this con tinent as an incentive towards the larger union of the Empire. His words were taken up with enthusiasm, and the seven colonies of Australasia were spoken of in glowing terms. In every quarter of the globe we hear of British activity ; and each day adds its mite to the mass of influence which is accumulating to bring the various colonies and states into closer sympathy with the mother of us all. We may boast of inde pendence in these lands, and pose as demo crats ; but a little travel would knock half our aspirations one way and scatter our ideas another way. We should find the spell of the race upon us as we followed the old flag from continent to continent ; and though we might be disappointed when we saw the Queen we should hail the wonder ful Anglo-Saxon faculty of Empire she re presents. — Oli server. Man in Possession. — Among the many fine buildings on the Range which command the attention of visitors to the Central City says the Argus of the 7th instant) is the mansion of a wealthy Rockhamptonite, now on his way back to the colony after a visit to the old country. Yesterday his Excellency Sir Henry Norman expressed a wish to the Mayor to walk through the house, which is certainly one of the finest private residences outside Brisbane. Whether his Excellency has a desire to become the first Governor of Central Queensland, and had his eye on the building as suited for the vice-regal require ments, can only be matter for conjecture, but the absent owner's son- in-law, being informed by the Mayor of Sir Henry's wish, went up to the house, accompanied by his Worship and two members of the council to prepare for the visit. There, however, he was confronted by an unexpected difficulty. The old caretaker, who had been left in pos session by the owner, proved obdurate. His instructions, he said, were to allow no one through the house, and he was going to obey orders, even though 'it was the Queen of England who wanted to sec it.' Remon strances and pleadings proving vain, recourse was had to the legal adviser of the absent owner. He, hot with indignation at an underling daring to even think of such an affront to the Governor, hastened with the Mayor and an additional number of aldermen to the mansion, only to find the lodge gates shut and securely fastened, and the old man working away stolidly in the garden. After repeated summoning.1;, he walked within talking distance of the entrance to the grounds, and there — thoroughly master of the situation — he firmly repeated his refusal to allow the Governor over the premises. Threats of immediate discharge were only met with the cool retort that he would only take his dismissal from the man who put him there, and, leaving the party fuming at the gate, he calmly returned to his plants. There was nothing to be done nut lay tne whole facts before the Governor, who laughed heartily at the situation, as an old soldier, evidently appreciating the man who obeyed orders, and let those who gave them consider about the consequences. Certainly the most effective medicine known is Sanders and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful eftccU in coughs, colds, influenza; the relief is instantaneous.1 In serious cases, the ac cidents ot all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the salest remedy — no swelling — no inflamation. Like surprising effect produced in croup, diptheria, bronchitis, inflamation of the lungs, swelling, &c;, diarrhoea, dysentry, diseases ol the urinary organs. In use at hospitals aud medicaclics all over the globe ; patronised by His Maiesty tkc King of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma at Internationa Exhibit! in, Amsterdam. Trust in this ap proved article, and reject all others. ' Kings may bt blest, but Tarn was glorious, O'er a' the ills 0' life victorious.' — Burns Tain O'Shanter under the glorious influence of Scotch Yill feared neither the wrath of his wife, Kate, nor the vengeance of the witches. How much more valiant would he have been with a tankard or two of 'l'erkins' Sparkling Ale ' from the Toowooinba Bre wery, as supplied by Charles Grant, at the European Hotel, Russell-street. They do say that the committee of the School of Arts would have made a better stand against certain critics, had they spent an evening at Grant's over a few glasses of his beautifully cool ale — straight from the refrigerator, or even a dram o' real ' Camlachie Whiskey.' They would have received such courage and inspiration as would have enabled them to readily settle the debt to the ratepayers and place the institution on a firm and popular footing. . Financial experts declare that the ' Bendigo Brandy,' a genuine colo 111UL ^lUUUbllUII} HU1U lib VILHIIL3, 13 ajJLl^UU IU, and gives a clearness of vision about mone tary matters no foreign liquor could give. Committeemen, whose, financial visions are clouded, should call at Grant's and receive a stimulus (or stimulant) which would enable them to finance the institution properly, and make things hum at the School of Arts. Meetings then would be a bit lively. Hoi.i.oway's Ointmbnt and Pills.— Foi the cure of burns, scalds, wounds, and ulcers, this justly celebrated Ointment stands unrivalled. Its balsamic virtues, immediately on application, lull the pain and smarting, protect the exposed nerves from the air, give to the vessels the vigour necessary to heal the sore, and confer on the blood' a purity which permits it only to lay down healthy flesh in place of that destroyed. Holloway's Pills, simultaneously taken, must assist the Ointment's purifying and soothing power.' Together these medicines act like a charm ; no invalid, after a fair trial, has found them tail to relieve his pain, or completely cure his disease.' .The' combined action of the Ointment and Pills, in all- disorders, is too irresistible to be withstood, '. Toowoomiia Building Society No. 6. — The regular meeting of the shareholders of this society was held on Tuesday evening, when the sum of ^328 17s. 8d. was paid. There being no purchaser,, twelve shares were put to the ballot and drawn by J. Kilham, C. F. Riethmuller, R. Savage, M. Hodgkinson, A. G. Stephens, H. Andrews, H. F. Glindeman, 'Dr.'.Hoggi. G. M. O. Hamfes.W. H. Groom.J.Crookston, and F.' Robinson, one share each. Rumoured Strike. — Already there are rumours of trouble between the pastoralists and the bush workers; not (says the Charle ville Times) trpuble immediately threatening, but prospective. .It may be that there is no tangible expression to 'warrant a dispirit ing view of things, but circumstances are ofte:i stronger- than words, and it is impossible to lightly '? regard the development of recent results. There arc three points upon which trouble may be founded : 'i.-'Tne desire of the bush workers to bring about a restoration of the rates formerly paid to rouseabouts, and ordinary hands — a matter dealt with by a recent meeting of delegates at Hughenden. 2. The matter of wet sheen ;? and 3. The reference system. An Unhappy Family.— Thus the War wick Argus:— That the inhabitants of New Australia,. Mr. Lane's Paraguayan paradise, are not a happy family,' is shown pretty cloarly by the news which every mail brings. A very considerable minority of the settlers arc dissatisfied with Mr. Lane's rule, and some scores have already left of their own accord or been forcibly expelled from the settlement. The chances are that the dis content will become general, and that the venture will end disastrously for its pro moter. For the Kingdom of Lane has clearly not been built upon the rock of common sense. Even now, within six months of their Iaudimr, at least a fifth of the pioneer shipment of colonists are wander ing hopelessly about in a strange country. They have little money left, and have no prospects of finding profitable employment, tor the market is overstocked with cheap servile labour. Meanwhile .Mr. Lane is sending back emissaries to round up fresh recruits in Queensland. For a time he may succeed in securing dupes to supply the places of the secessionists ; but it will not be for long. Unlimited supplies of cheap cigars and the right of entree to orange groves, are not sufficent to solace the soul of the settlers in the New Australia for all they gave up when they left the old land. Gold For Gold. — Go for wedding keeper, and engagement rings, watches and jewellery, to the cheapest selling and manu facturing shop — II. D. Dark's. 283a CADBURY'S COCOA. Of the highest degree of purity.'-- Zf-a///t 