HORRORS OF SIBERIA. A Russian political prisoner in exile in Siberia wrote to a friend in European Russia depicting the mi series of his life in 1 this forgotten and God-forsaken Artie den beyond the boundaries of civilisation.' The letter, which is published in the current number of Free Russia, took six months in running the gauntlet of the Czar's argus-eyed officials. It is dated Juue, 1893, at Kolymsk, a Siberian town of 600 inhabitants, located far to the north. 4 During the first period of my life here,' writes the exile, ' I thought it would be an interesting work to send to my friends more or less detailed accounts of the peculiar conditions of life into which we, a little handful of Europeans, have suddenly been thrown—conditions to which we are as unfit to adapt ourselves as a little body of civilised travellers, -shipwrecked on the coast of Greenland, would be to arrange their lives in accordance with the habits and circumstances of the native Esquimaux. But most of my manuscripts never reached the persons to whom they were sent, and now even the desire to write them is gone. My own amazement at the extraordinary surroundings here has grown fainter and fainter. 4 Life in Kolymsk sucks everyone down into itself. It seems to ine now like a far-off dream that some where in the world there are big towns, filled with people, with large shops, with houses of several storeys, with pavements on which great crowds of people go to and fro ; that there are lands where the rivers be gin to flow in February and do not freeze till November; where, in stead of snowcovered swamps, there are fields with thick, standing corn and grass ; lands where there are woods and gardens, with green leaves on the trees ; where the peo ple live on bread and varied vege table food. 4 For us, reality consists of a per petually frozen desert, covered with little hillocks and overgrown with staunted larches, which can hardly force their roots through the eter nally frozen soil; a cold and filthy yurta, hardly fit to be called a human habitation, even by people accustomed to the poverty-stricken cabins of the Russian peasantry; for food, rotting fish; for clothing, such rags as are left of our Euro pean dress, and rough native gar ments of half-cured skins ; for the rest, solitude, silence, and liteless ness. I think that the ghosts that wandered mornfully alongthe banks of Acheron, lamenting aloud for their lost earthly life, must have felt what we feel, dragging out our lives alone on the banks of the river Kolyma. The utter lack of all aim or interest, forgetfulness of the past, and indif ference to the present, are steadily taking hold upon us all.' 