TRAVELLED ON RhEEK. o -- Orlando Boggs wanted to go around the -world, and he had nothing on earth to go with bat time and cheek. It has been said that time is money, but for some reason Mr Boggs found it impossible to convert his time into any collateral for bread and meat and steamboat fare and railroad riding and other necessaries incident to. living or travelling. In taking stock of his resources one day, it suddenly occurred to Boggs that his cheek might be more arailable, and he pat himself into a deep thinking trance. Rcsults fol lowed and Orlando Boggs went abroad; in fact, he went all round the world ; and yet 3e left home without the ghost of a penny The ocean steamship Orpheus was adver tise'd to sail on Saturday night at 12 ,'olock. 'Captain Findley, one of, the jol liest and most sociable of old" sea dogs, was the master, and just on time the -planks were pulled in and all was made song on board for the ocean voyage, and no one suspected there was an extra pas senger hanging to the rudder post. The Orpheus was a first-class passenger linr, and she ploughed through the water at a lively rate, having made about 200 miles at 'breakfast time on Sunday morn?ng. Captain Findley was about the deck taking a survey of the weather and looking after things in general before going below to eat, when a commotion at the stern of the vessel attracted his attention. Going aft he found that a man without shoes, hat or coat had just Clambered over the rail of the ship and stood there dripping wet. The firstmate was there and had asked the stranger who he was and how he came on board, and to these questions . the dripping :man's rdply was merelyan inquiry as to where he could find the captain. "I am the captain, sir," said that jolly old fellow, all in a maze at the spectacle beforehim; "now who onearth, or rather on water, are you?" "Glad to see you, captain," replied the visitor; "sorry 1 haven't a card with me, bnut you have doubtless heard of Orlando Boggs.; I am he." "Well, Mr Boggs," said the captain in still greater wonderment at the easy affability -of the man, 'I am not sure whether I am glad to see you or not; I must con fese, too, that I never heard of you in my life; out with it, man, and tell me who you are and how you happen to be on board my ship ?" "Captain, I am Orlando Boggs, the swimmer. How I happen to be here is simple enough. Last evening I came down to the beach, as is my usual custom, to take a. swim. My system must be out of gear in some way, for when I was out thirty or forty miles I went to sleep and evidently kept right on swimming. It was just daylight when I awoke, and, look ing about me, I espied your ship. Know. ing my average speed, and judging by the rising sun what' time it was, I inwardly roasted myself for going to sleep and getting so far from land without any pre. parations or supplies. I began to feel the gnawings of hunger, and realising that it would take me several hours to return to the city, I determined to overhaul you and ask your hospitality for a meal, and here I am. That's all there is to it, captain." "Why, confound it man; you don't mean to tell me that you-why man, are you crazy 1" "No, captain, I am not crazy, but I am very hungry." " You swam all the way out here and then overhauled my ship going twenty miles an hour?" stammered the captain; "you did this!" I " Why, certainly; you don't know my record, captain, or you wouldn't be so in credulous ; that is nothing for me, sir." " You come right down to my stateroom, Mr Boggs; you can have anything you want on this ship." 31r Boggs, for sure enough it was that same individual with plenty of time and cheek, was soon fitted out with dry garments and was enjoying a hearty breakfast with the captain. During the meal he related to the captain numberless performances in which he had beef engaged, and altogether proved decidedly entertaining. His wonderful swimming experiences inte rested the captain hugely. "And now, Captain Findley, allow me to thank you for your kindness and your hos pitality," said Mr Boggs, as he finished his coffee; "'if you will have. the steward fie me up a couple of sandwiches and let me have my wet clothes I will start back; I want to reach home by supper time, at least." "Now, see here, Mr Boggs, I like you, -nd as you have intimated once or twice you have nothing partionlar on hand just now, I want to invite you to stay aboard with me for the round trip; I shall take it as a favor if you will ; come now, say yes." Mr Boggs declared he would be de. lighted, but called the captain's attention to the fact that he had come away from home without money or luggage. "How can I, captain,"' said he, "with only a pair of pants, a pair of suspenders and a neglige shirti" , Don't you worry about these things," replied the captain; "you can have all the clothes and money you need while you are with me; you are my guest as long as you will stay." And so it was arranged.' Check had sueno ceeded in taking Mr Boggs across the ocean in first-class style without a cent. It was a jolly trip both for Mr Boggs and the captain, and the former made himself very entertain. ing to all the passengers; there was 'nothing too good for Boggs on the SOrpheus. On arrival at Liverpool the captain and his guest went ashore for a little change., One of the first things that struck their notice was the advertisements of a great swimming contest to take place that same Safternoon. A great champion had challenged the world to swim for a stake of 1000dol., the oest being both speed and distance. "Why, here, Boggs," exclaimed the cap tain, "'this is just in your loe; you ought to enter this and win that money ; will you, if the entries are not closed ?" The question for a moment staggered Boggs, but he quickly braced up and re plied thatshe would only be too glad to do so. The captain went to make inquiries and presently returned, saying he had made all the arrangements and had put up the money. Boggs told him he would be obliged to draw on him for a little money to get some necessaries for the match, and his friend gave him the cash without the least hesitation. Boggs then disappeared, but just about 51 minutes before the time set for the start he showed up., He was a sight. He was dressed intights and on his shoulders and arms were numberless bundles and packages, among them being a small oil-stove and some utensils for cooking. The captain greeted him warmly. '"All right, Boggs, my boy?" Got every thing you want ?" he asked. " Yes, I guess so," replied that cheeky individual. " Only I don't know anything about my oppcnent, and' I am in doubt ~whether or not I ought to take along another ham anda few dozen eggs.' " What's that ?" said the, champion, com ing up. " Ham and eggs. You don't mean to say you are going swimming with all that ruck on you What is it all, anyway? " What is it ?" replied Boggs, as if: ur prised at the question. "What is it ? Why, supplies for the trip, of corsfe." "Supplies !" yelled the champion. '"Why, how long do you expect to be gone ? . "That depends entirely on you, sir," replied Boggs with dignity. "All I have to do to win the money is to swim longer and faster than you do. iI only intend to keep just" ahead of you, and if y&u; should keep me out in the ocean fox a month or two I don't wan't to starve, db I? Where. are your supplies, sir? It strikes me it is time for us to start." "Say, see here, mister, is that the way you always swim; do you mean to say you go out and stay two and three months at a "Certainly," said Boggs, "twc or three months are nothing. I swam one match with a native Malay which asted twenty-one .months. Come on, let us start." 4' Say, mister, I don't think I want to swim with you; you are out of my class; I give it up and you can have the money; I am willing to give it up just to tave a look at a man rigged out for a three months' swimming match; you beat me, you do." Orlando Boggs now had plenty of money for his trip abroad, for the cap tain insisted on his taking the 2000doIs. They went up to CYondon together, and after seeing the English capital Mr Boggs went over to the continent and spent several months in keen enjoyment encircling the globe, seeing all the sights, and he did it all on his cheek. 