Between Ourselves. \- ' ' ' — "Wifo: "Harry, I wish you'd tako off your shoes and walk over the carpet." Husband : " What for ?" Wifo : " I dropped somo tacks there and can t find them." » The Irishman got into the inside car ; ho mado the seventh. He looked at tho oppo site side on which three passengers sat. "By gob," ho said, "wo must balance this," aud changes across. Doacon Graveloigh : " Do you believe in infant dnmnation, Mr. Fopleigh ?" Popleigh (who has spont rao3t of tho night doing a ghost danco with his youugost — forvently 1 : "You bet I do 1" Inquisitive party: "The mon at that othor factory liavo given up the striko and gone back to work. I don't soo how you men liopo to succood where thoy failed. What is your grievance ?" Striker: "Wo hov no grievance. This is a sympathetic stroiko. Our min i3 stroikin' out av sympathy for the ichor min fer hovin lost thoir Btroiko." m " Are wo all hero ?" inquired-Mr. Brutal Jonos of his landlady- the othor morning at tho breakfast-tablo. " I think so — one, two, throe, four; yes, we are all hero, I believe," and sho smiled sweetly ; " why ?" " Nothing much, only I soo by the morning paper that a human skeleton was picked up just outsido the city limits." Tho smile vanished. Tho good parson of a church not very far from Victoria Barracks found a solitary red-coat attending his afternoon services. " You walk ovor bore to enjoy the service ?" "Yes, sir, I like your sermons." "Ah! Hero'B half-a-crown for you." Tho next Sunday tho whole of Tommy's company was there. # Smith : "Robinson was looking for you to-day, Brown. Ho leaves for tho West to- ._ morrow morning, and he wanted to collect ! that twenty-five pounds you owe him." Brown : " Yes, I saw him a little while ago. I promised to forward him the money next week." Smith : " In what part of the West does he expoct to settle ?" Brown: "I don't know, I didn't ask him." 1 9 " How do you like the new neighbors by this time ?" "Oh, mercy, I don't intend to associate with them." "But I saw you coming oufcof their house a few minutes ago." "I know; but I bad just gone in to borrow n fow thingB." Mrs. Poterby : " What a poor- spirited creature you aro ! I wish you would bo either a man or a mouse !" : -r- Peterbj : " I wish I was a mouso. Id make you climb up the wall in a- minute." Lady (to janitor of Masonic Tomple) : " Hare's a sixpence, Pat, and will you show- mo tho goat that I'm told the Freemasons keep here?" " Would I boos showing it ?" asked Pat. " If yon please," replied the lady ; " I always pick some of these long, silky, auburn hairs off my husband's coat when he has beon to tho lodge meeting, and I thought I'd like to see Buck a queer animal." " Quare, mum ?" said the shrewd Pat " ho is that, mnm. The color o' an Irish setter, mum. But, sure, tho baste is sick to-day." « She was waiting for him. And when he entered the room she began : " This is a nico time of the night to- — " "I — or — hie — know I'm late," he hastily interrupted, "but I couldn't help it, my dear. Club had— er — big discussion on female- beauty." " And what had you to do with that ?" demanded tho ireful wife. " More'n anyone there, I was tho one — - er — who had the most beautiful wife, an' —or— 'course the best authority on female beauty, an' "Why don't you tako off your overcoat, Henry ? Let me get your slippers for you. It's awful cold outside; I think you must bo half frozen." , Half a minute later Henry was safely ensconced in his easy chair with his wifo nt liis feet putting on his slippers. 