CHURCH CONGRESS. OPENING SERVICES. BISHOP MONTCOMERY'S ADDRESS. (BY TELEGRAPH.) HOB ART, TUESDAY. The opening service of the Church Con gress was held this morning in St. David's Cathedral. The ceremonies commenced at the Town Hall, where the Bishops and members of the clergy assembled shortly before 10 o'clock. They were met on the platform by the Rev. I. K. M'Intyre and other clergymen representing theMinisters' Association, who presented Bishop Mont gomery with an address, welcoming the visit of the clergy, and setting forth that the Ministers' Association regarded the Congress as that of the highest importance to civic life. Bishop Montgomery, replying, stated that it was with pleasure he received the members of the association, and gave them hearty thanks in the name of the bishops, and clergy, and people assembled. He thanked the Rev. I. K. M'Intyre, as the representative of Scotch Christianity, and others present for the kindly address pre sented to him. They had all worked shoulder to shoulder and as members of the Christian Church. There were some questions over which there could be no differences of opinion existing. He spoke of the Vice-Chancellor of the Tasmanian University as one who was loved by everybody, both in Hobart and in the colony of Tasmania generally They had recently made an attempt to minimise the methods or lessen difficulties in the way of union by the common bond of the churches, and he had no doubt but that all the members of the church would con tinue to cultivate the deepest and warmest friendship with each other. He hoped soon to see the most perfect union of the churches one with the other, and would pray for the enlargement of the kingdom, and give them all God speed on their journey. A memorial from the United Temperance Societies in Hobart was then presented, setting out the necessity there was to sup press the vice of intemperance, and hoping that the sympathies of the bishops and clergy would be enlisted in the suppression of that vice, which permeated the colonies. The memorial was signed by the lodge chairman and the secretary of the society. Bishop Montgomery replied in a few words. Tie assembly then chanted a hymn and filed slowly out of the Town Hall, when they were met by the churchwardens and members of the Church Council,the Mayor, aldermen, and town clerk and others, and then formed into aprocession, choir leading, the church officers following, with the mem bers of the City Council, clergy, and bishops, and slowly marched along Macquarie. street to the front door of St. David's Cathedral. There was a large crowd as sembled along Macquarie-street,on the steps of the Supreme Court and the Post Office steps, as well as around the corner of Mur ray-street, to watch the procession, which was a very imposing one, the Mayor, aldermen, bishops, and clergy being all in full regalia. On entering the church the processional hymn, commencing "Through the night of doubt and sorrow," was chanted by the members of the procession, the congregation assembled joining in. The church was fairly well filled, there being by no means the heavy crush as experienced last week. The Mayor and aldermen occupied the pews set apart for them. The service was conducted by Bishop Montgomery, assisted by the Dean and Bishops present. The Primate of New Zealand read the first lesson from Isaiah lxi., and the Primate of Australia the second lesson from I Corinthians xii. The anthem from Mendelssohn, " Oh, come let us worship and kneel before the Lord; come bow the knee to the Lord, our Maker, for he is our God, and we are the flock of His pasture, the people of His land," was given by the choir. The Bishop of Ballarat then preached the following sermon on "The Ideal of the Christian Church," taking as his text St. John i., 51-" Heaven opened, and the Angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of Man." Most Reverend, Right Reverend, and Reverend Fathers, Holy Brethren, and Sisters in the Lord,-?Recognising as you gladly will in the utterer of these words the Supreme Teacher of mankind, the incar nate wisdom as well as power of God, there is small need that I should bespeak your earnest consideration of them, as likely to be charged with some deep significance for us. Treasured up by the disciple of His bosom-registered here among the very first and most memorable sayings of the newly manifested Christ-prefaced byHis own oracular "Verily, verily," you will not doubt that the words are rich in Heavenly meaning, and you will be eager to join me in trying, with help from above, to understand what the fulness of that meaning is. Like clear sea water, Scripture is ever deeper than it seems to be, and, possibly, among other things the ideal of a church congress may pro e traceable in these simple sentences. At least it will surely be good for this Cohgress before its own many words begin to ponder some few ' words of Jesus" such as these. It will tend to posture our minds the better, will it not ? for approaching discussions such as those proposed to us in the con gress programme. I spoke of pondering our text, and it needs pondering. Here, as so often, our gracious Master piques devout curiosity with something of a riddle. For to what does this majestic utterance refer ? To some spectacle, it wvould seem, grander than the display of .uperhuman knowledge granted just before to the amased Nathaniel. "Thou shalt see greater things than these." That expres sion or its like occurs more than once in this evangelist, and always hints at some glorious characteristic feature of the new era which Christ's true disciples, as such, should be permitted to feast their eyes upon, and to which even the signs and wonders that he rrought were but an overture or in troduction. Plainly, therefore, the day of judgment is not meant, as some have surmiced. True Heaven will open then, and Angels will decend; but witnessing that supreme event would be no special privilege of Nathaniel and his fellows. The last judgment lhad always been an object of Jewish expectation, apart alto gether from the teachinur of the Christ. Moreover, it boded ultimate terror rand confusion to the unbeliever, rather than present confirmation of an apos le's faith. Nor would it wear any correspondence to Jacob's vision and its messages of love so manifestly re:'erred to here. Not , ladder will the awful day reveal linking the sinner's couch of sorrow with th,e presence-chamber of his pardoning God; but rather a fiery stream,!.dividing saved from unsaved-a flaming sword, barring against the lost all access to the tree of life. Nor do the words particularly point, as others have imagined, to the triennium of Christ's ministry on earth, as par excelleaec the time of Angelic visitation. Heaven, indeed, opened over Jesus when baptised, and Angels came down to minister to Him in the wilderness and in the garden, and spoke words of cheer to His disciples on the Ascension Mount, but there is no e'idence that apostles themselves saw the sky rent at Christ's baptism, or beheld any of the angels that hovered round His path -at least until His earthly ministry had closed. On the other band, after it had closed, Angelic messengers are recorded as visiting Christ's servants quite as often as they had visited himself. An ampler ministry of Angels is, no doubt, predicted in the text; but assuredly the prediction was not exhausted by the instances of it mentioned in the Gospels. What, then, did the Blessed Master specially intend by these high words, "Ye shall see " (observe the "hereafter" of the unrevised version has no authority), " Ye shall see heaven opened, and the Aingels of God ascending and descending on the Son of Man." Well, we must remember that He spoke them to men well versed in the Old Testament Scriptures. It is in terms of Jacob's dream-so familiar to their minds and ears-that the import and purpose of the New Covenant, as a whole, is here first revealed to the destined patriarchs of that New Covenant. What happened to one of the ancient patriarchs when the earlier covenant was inaugurated is used to illustrate the inauguration of the later and the better one. "Art thou greater than our father Jacob t" a woman asked at Jacob's well, and Christ showed her that He was, for He could give her living waters, which that well would never yield. He was the true, the better Jacob. Now Jacob's wondrous dream, we all re member, unfolded the destiny of himself and his elect posterity; and 1 will ask you to observe that in that dream three glorious ideas found symbolical expression. First, there was a pledge of pardon in it. The erring fugitive was restored to fellowship with God. "I am with thee," pealed the Heavenly voice. " The Lord shall be my God," was the response. Secondly, there was a charter of worship. "This is none other than the house of God, the gate of Heaven," was the dreamer's inference at the time. " I am the God of Rethel," was the Lord's message to him later on. "'Make this an altar unto God, who ap peared unto thee." Thirdly, there was a Benedictio Orbi-a promise of salvation for the races of men. "In thee, and in thy seed, shall all families of earth be blessed." Grandly was all this illustrated to the sleeper by a shining stair set upon earth, yet in touch with Heaven, echoing oracles of love and radiant with gliding Angels. It was a dream, but was not all a dream. In glorious measure it came true without delay. Forgiven Jacob, once a supplanter and a cheat, shaped into a prince with God; the anointed stone of Bethel was precursor of the august worship system of the chosen nation. The glory of God's people Israel expanded into a light that lightened all the Gentiles-alike for the individual, for the consecrated community, and for the race, there was a burden of blessing in that mystic dream. But was it realised in those past days ? Did Jacob see it all fulfilled ? Did the Jewish nation ? Did the world in the ages before the Advent? O, not in any completeness of fulfilment. But "ye shall see" it, cries Messiah, here, to His little group of faith fal worthies. Ye shall see it; My coming ushers in the true era of the Heavenly stair. Yes, all that Jacob dreamed was now to be a present, positive reality. For Christ, I repeat, is the second Jacob; and in Him, and for His sake, the time has come of opened skies and Angel ministra tion. The catholic fathers delighted to draw out into detail the correspondence between the patriarch of B athel and the Christ of Bethlehem and Calvary. The Incarnate One, like Jacob, was an exile from His Father's home; and on His way through a stony wilderness to take for Himself a bride He, too, had not where to lay His head. Sleeping at last on the hard couch of the pitiless cross, the sleep of His atoning death, and awaking from it in resurrection, He set up the pillar of His church on earth, and anointed it with His spirit, making it the dwelling place of God. We are not careful to adopt all patristic "accommodations" of Old Tes tament Scripture, interesting as many of them may be to the minds of some of us; but that there is intended by the words before us an application of what befel Jacob at Luz to the Church of the Re. deemed and her privileges and function in the world seems, when you have well pondered it, an exegesis beyond the reach of doubt. Shall we reverently try to follow out that application r In doing so we will leave utterly on one side all ecole siastical controversy whatsoever. First, then, personal forgivensesd is the primary blessing of the Gospel. A stair is set up among the stones where the wanderer lies forsaken, and its top is paradise; and down that stair comes a voice charged, not with estrangement and wrath, as the trembling fugitive might have expected, but with tender love. The ladder makes the differ ence, in that all the Angels of God's mercy may now swarm forth, ascending and desending. O, have we never heard the rustling of their wings-aye, and seemed to recogniso among them Angel faces that we "loved long since and lost awhile." But in passing, I would ask-why ascend ing and descending ? Why not descending with God's mercies first, and then ascend. ing with men's praises ? Is it God that is first approached from beneath ? Is it not rather He that first drew near us from above ? Why, then, are the Angels said, both in Genesis and here, first to ascend, and aftirwards to descend ? Is that worth pondering ? Surely, in words of Jesus, every detail is. The Bishop of Durham thinks it is suggested that the Angels encompassed Jacob upon earth already, though he knew it not. the apparatus of God's mercy girds men round, as the fiery chariots and horses did the beleaguered Elisha, before their eyes are opened to discern it In harmony with this, when the ladder i1 seen the Angels that are close at hand are first observed and des cribedi as they pass up upon it. Without disputing that, I ask you to ponder an alternative solution. Note that this ladder is first set up on earth; from thence it climbs to Heaven. The dominant order of movement, then, is upwards, and not downwards. The device of thia ladder is "Excelsior !" A something is adumbrated that by divine ordinance soars heavenward from an earthly starting place, and may not this have determined the order of mention of these gliding Angels ? You shall judge presently whether it should count for anything in the inter pretation. Meanwhile, to come back from our digression, we again remind you that remission of sins is the first thing which it is intended we shall see. By faith Jacob saw it in the ladder, and it wrought his conversion, and the great majority of real Christians have had some corresponding epoch in their lives, when the gospel of forgiveness came home to themselves and they "saw" the ladder and the Angels. Have we seen them? Have we not seen them, each of us ? Well do we know the whereabouts, at any rate, to-day of that gospel of forgiveness. We know where, morn by morn and eve by eve, from lips of authority we may hear the gracious ac:ents fall, " He pardaneth and ab solveth all them that truly repent and unfeignedly believe." Tee, in the church of Christ we meet, in rich reality, with that which encountered Jacob in a dream at Bethel, the present forgiveness of all sin through the precious blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son. Ah, where would be the joy of Christian fellowship with one another in this Congress, unless, each for himself, we could count on that ? But with God's forgiveness warm in all our hearts, the Seraphs are our fitting com pany; and the hymns of holy rapture of Christian congregations may well ascend more loud oven than theirs ! Should any song be sweet as ours Among the songs of Heaven P Not Angels that abide in bliss Can taste a joy to rival this The joy of the forgiven. And this reminds us that, secondly, there is a social aspect of the vision of the Heaven by stair. One of the earliest things a pardoned man should think of is united worship. "The Lord shall be my God," was Jacob's first resolve; "this stone shall be God's Rouse" his second. "Heaven opens-Angels ascending and descending ;" tell me, did this ideal picture of true worship find its choicest visible embodiment in Israel's temple, with its dark, secluded inner shrine, its bleeding bulls and goats, its shrouded rites, and burdensome, it awe inspiring, ceremonies ? Is not its counter part far more evident in the glad, free service, let us say of this cathedral, with its soaring roof and open chancel arch, dis closing its fair consecrated sanctuary, resonant with sweetest Gospel songs of faith and joy, and centring in the Christian altar table, remembrancer of the unfathomable love and all-atoning suffer ings of the Son of Man ? 0, Angels, haunt the scene, my brothers, wherever man holds communion with God in social worship. They seem to have been there in Solomon's days,taking note of self-excusing professors. " Keep thy post," he writes, " when thou goest into the House of God. . Say that thou hast vowed, neither say before the Angels that it was an error." Most certainly Angels frequented the congregations of the first Chriscians, for an apostle b:ds the women dress modestly for church because of them. Our Saviour speaks of "joy in the presence of the Angels of God"-that is surely not in God himself (the Almighty could never be so indicated), but in the church-over repentant sinners. " Ye are come," writes the orator of the New Testament, "unto the general as sembly and church of the First-born; your names are written in Heaven . . and to an innumerable company of Angels." Wherever, then, through Christ men wor. ship a forgiving God, in full view, as it were, of Heaven's opened gate, and at the foot of the stair that slopes up to Paradise, with voices of divine mercy pealing down, there the Seraphs crowd on it, ascending and descending. 0, can it be possible to take too august, too transcendent an ideal for the worship of Christ's church on earth? Then here let me ask you-Is not she the true counterpart of Jacob's glorious ladder? " Overlapping," no doubt, there may be in legitimate interpretations of any Scripture image, and there is much in this ladder that reminds us of the reconciling Lord Himself. But Christ, as we have seen, is rather our true Jacob. It is for his sake the Angels come, they ascend and de scend " upon the Son of Man," that is - as scholars, I am sure, will expound with me - for Him and about Him, as they did up from and down to, and around the head of slumber ing Jacob. Where He is the ladder is set up; it is in Him God is well pleased with us, and through Him speaks messages of goodwill to all His Israel. Yet the ladder itself is an essential factor in the imagery, and must have its independent counter parts. What is that which through Christ and for Christ's sake has been set up on earth, and mystically links the visible with the invisible, a whereabouts and channel of all the gracious agencies of Heaven ? Ah, do [not be afraid to give the right answer. The church catholic! Plainly it is the church of Christ on earth, in its ideal, that corresponds to the ladder Jacob saw, and is the ladder we see now. The keys of ab solution are trusted to her hand. United worship is of the essence of her daily, hourly life, and she is the mystic Mahanaim, the Angels' camping ground. Ah, let none think, as some seem to do, that they can honour Christ by disparag ing her dignity. As well think to win a bridegroom's approval by harping on the blemishes ef his bride. Nay, learn from your Bible-for all her blemishes -for all her present falling short of her ideal boldly to take the most exalted, the most enthusiastic view you can of her, of her ordinances, of her vocation, her capa bilities, of her certain destiny ! If this world is to be won for God, it is she that is to do it: not even the Holy Ghost will pre pare the earth for Christ's return; alone, "The Spirit and the Bride say come." And here, I dare to observe, is the true and sufficient warrant, not only for the sober splendour of form and ornament in our churches and cathedrals, and their chaste symbolic ritual, but also for the traditional names of sacred digmnity which we have deliberately retained in designa ting those who hold religious office in the church of God, and thus for my address ing you,reverend brethren, as I did when I began. The church in which the reconciled Father is perpetually worshipped and served renders venerable in the esteem of healthy minds all persons and everything essentially associated with that worship and service. Modern society recognises this by its reverential prefix to the names of clergy, and acts wisely in so doing; and they should hear and see in it, when ever used, the dread monition of the prophet-" Be clean, ye that bear the vessels of the Lord." But I wish Christian s~ciety could drift into reviving the ancient custom of attributing reverence in its common parlance not only to the minister, Lut also to the Heavenly institution which he serves. It would be likely to exercise subtle, yet real, influence on the thoughts aye, and upon the lives-of men if we learned agrain always to sp,.k, as our fore fathers always spoke, of holy church. The epirit andI the bride say, " Come, and lut him that is athirst come." It suggests a transition to the third and last topic tat is waiting for us now, the racial a-spact of the vision of the Heavenly stair. Thirdly, the ladder, Jacob said, meant the blessing of all mankind _through him and those he represented, and is less than that to be expected for the world through Christ, and by the agency of the true " Israel of God." 0, joy, to know that in the very midst of all the gloom-I may say, all the horror -of our world of 1891, on which the pessi mist dilates so grimly, and which tones all our melancholy fin de siecle poetry and fiction, there stands up still the antitype of the shining stair, keeping us in touch with Heaven. "All's well with the world" sounds more than we can say, but earth is not yet God forsaken, or despair would be our true philosophy, which is absurd, and self-destruction would be wisdom instead of the wickedness we know it for. True, as we sing, " The world is very evil, The times are waxlng late." True that, like some hellish counterfeit of Jacob's Heaven-climbing ladder, it seems at times as though " the pit of the abyss" had already been unsealed, as St. John saw it in the Apocalypse, and a stair way opened down into its darkness, with no Angels of God floating up that stair, but locusts with deadly stings, and unclean spirits like frogs and scorpions, to pollute and torment society and the life of man. Verily there is something even fiendish in some of the phenomena of our day. Mean while, weary with the burdens and disap pointments of existence as it is, there are those who would open upwards other stair ways, and would climb to heavens of their own imagining by Towers of Babel of their own designing, rejecting utterly the ladder Jacob saw and Jesus promised. The day we live in is a day of spiritual scheming and religious speculation; an age, strange to say, rife both with scepticism and with credulity; impatient of "the faith once for all delivered," yet tolerant of almost any counterfeit of it ; yielding itself to be cast now into the fire of fanatical delusion, now into the chilling water of materialistic unbelief, and need ing, 0, how urgently, that one should cast its stubborn demons out. Brethren, is there any hope ? A thousand times we answer, Yes i But it haunts that ladder reared, in the thick of this world's dark ness, over the place where our Jacob slept and rose. So far as we know the church is the one hope of the world. Some may count that dictum the craze of ecclesi astics; we hold it to be the verdict of all history and the will of Heaven. Now, what factor is it specially that the church of God contributes to this world's life P In one word - the Angelic - nothing less. The Christian faith, and the Christian faith alone, has introduced into human civilisa tion an element to which, apart from the direct or indirect influence of the Gospel, it is utterly a stranger. It is on the ladder that we find the Angel and his kind. Do we mean men or women P We mean some thing independent of that distino tion. There is nothing of weakness or effeminacy in the Angelic. Angels are always depicted by inspiration as young men, in their strength. Buo 1il the selfishness, all the hardness and un gentleness of the sex is gone, and the inexhaustible capacity of loving, the healing, and soothing, and animating magnetism of womanhood at its best is there I Warmth without heat, r',lmnebs and coolness with no touch of torpor or of chill, self-effacing devotion in strictest union with high intelligence, masterful power, and holy dauntlessness; above all, the missionary spirit that makes men, as it made Jesus, ready to give up their all to advance God's purposes of mercy in the world, hoping for nothing. Again fearlessly we assert that this is a fresh type of human character entirely-the inchoate stage of the isangelic type of the glorified and essentially the product of the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. The isangelic type 1 0, are we not setting up an extra ordinarily high standard for ourselves as church people and Congress members ? We are, and meant to do it! Surmssn corda, brothers and sisters of this Church Con gross ! Up with your hearts to-day if our Congress is to be in any measure a faithful exponent to Australasia of what the catholic church of Christ-so far as she is represented by our ancient branch of it - that wears in its distinctive title the name of the fairest, dearest, mightiest land yon sun has ever smiled on yet-of what the catholic church, I say, thinks, hopes, purposes, and proclaims for all man kind to-day; then must its members beware of every simple thing that would be un worthy of the kindred of those Angels on the Heavenly stair I Like the Day of God, like the Book of God, like the Christ of God, so the Church of God exists for the revision of the wide, wide world of needy, wistful, sorrowing, perishing, and yet undying men. There is no other institu tion on the earth that does. And we who throng this fair cathedral now are in no scant measure in trust, so far as Austral asia is concerned, with her lofty interests and fragrant name and heroic enterprises for the blessing of mankind. God grant unto us, then, this week that not one mis guided, petty, bitter, or ungenerous thought may stain our hearts and minds, or flavour any single word we speak. God fill us to the brim with love of Jesus, of one another, and of all men. God vouchsafe to us to utter some memorable thing for Christ, strongly to strike some fresh and telling blow for Christ, or at least; to take counsel and make preparation for the striking of it. O, that there might be hope of our achieving some thing towards solving that hardest but most urgent of all the problems of our age, and the most important for the world at large-the reunion of Christians. Brethren and sisters, if there is any truth in all I have been saying, for what splendid business we are providing ourselves to-day in opening this Hobart Congress. By all the noble history of the great cemmunion that has gathered it I charge you to do your utmost to render this an epoch-making week. By the touching memory of those three Australasian bishops whose life work it was to advance her in this region of the earth, and who since this Congress first wes planned have nestled to their honoured graves, I appeal to you to to it. By the momentous bearing on the vast future of Oceania of our church's work at these earliest stages of its history, I bid you pray and labour all you can that Congress may be a glorious and a fruitful time. I have kept you long, and must have used my great opportunity unskilfully indeed if I have failed by this time to in sinuate my special point into your minds the thought that a One Holy Universal Church on earth is the fair dream of our Lord Jesus, which He looks to us, as our life task, to be turning into a grand reality. Some partial, faint reflection of that sub. lime ideal is what we have come to Hobart to gets a glimpse of. And 0, when we go back and meo ask us what we met with here, God grant that it may be possible for us to answer with the smile, not of irony, but of glad and grateful and glorious recol lectionson our faces-" Heaven opened, and Angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of MIan." At the conclusion of the sermon a collec tion was taken up, and the proceedings terminated. At 2 30 p.m. the Congress was opened in the Town Hall, when there was a large attendance of clergy and the laity, ladies predominating. The president (Bishop Montgomery) occupied the chair, and was supported on thu right and left by the visiting and local clergy. Proceedings were opened by the singing of the hymn "The Kingdom Come, 0 God." Prayers having been said, the Bishop read an apology from the Rev. A. Newton, of > Goalburn, for non-attendance. The Bishop then delivered his presi dential address, as follows: MY LORDS, LADIES, AND GHNTLEZIEN, The consecration of our cathedral has brought Tasmania an honour beyond our utmost expectation. When it was clear to the church generally that many of her leading members would be with us during this month, the greater dioceses, waiving their own claims, did not refuse to make Hobart the scene of the third Church Con gress in this hemisphere. Most heartily do we in this diocese thank you for the privilege you have afforded our people, and also for coming in such goodly numbers. It is a fact that to-day we are welcoming in Hobart representatives from at least 20 dioceses of Australia and New Zealand. To all whom we know already among you, or whom we shall this week get to know, we hope to give all that warm hearts can desire in the way of hospitality and good fellowship. I have mentioned that you come from at least 20 dioceses ; it makes us indeed grave with a sense of responsibility when we realise that to a very large extent indeed we who are gathered here repre sent the Christian life of an immense tract of the world's surface, not leoss than an area of 4000 miles by 2000. From West Australia to New Zealand, from Hobart to the Isles of Solomon and Mitre Rock to New Guinea, these are the bounds of our habitation, and no important city through all that tract but has sent us a delegate. From Delhi, too, that ancient capital of the great dependency of the British Crown, we welcome a representa tive, honoured not only for his work's sake, but because he brings us news of the great Cambridge Mission-the child, under God, of Lightfoot and Westcott. One dis appointment we all most deeply feel. The band of our people from Norfolk Island the black clergy and their white brothers -has failed us. So much did they long to come that between the clergy of the mission and the aged Mrs Selwyn a sum of nearly a.400 had been guaranteed towards the expenses. But the winds have been contrary, and all our calculations have been baffled. We deeply regret it. We desired to meet face to face those whom we revere as leaders of one of the greatest of modern missions, and to shake the hands of black clergymen whose praises I need not sing; their steadfastness, tried by years of discipline, is known too well to the church. In their absence, however, I am the better able to say to this Con gress (what I have learnt from personal experience) that the glory of our work in this hemisphere shines brightest in Me lanesia. Two of the great leaders in those southern seas have been taken away by death: one lives, but with health shattered in consequence of his tremen dous labours. Yet the colonial church has no truer or warmer friend at this moment than John Selwyn, and the church has no bishop who deserves the name of hero better than he. From Auck land to the Solomons the islands have felt the impress of the character of the noble son of a noble father. I speak of what I have seen, and tested with my own eyes, and shame-deep, disgraceful shame-to the church it would be if we ever failed to sustain and develop fourfold and un grudgingly the work impressed with the character of three such leaders. The new missionary bishop soon to be welcomed in this hemisphere must not be allowed to come out to a church luke warm towards Melanesia. Think again. Our work throughout the vast regions where we ply our task is with a young English race. Sixteen thousand miles divide us from the old home and the old centre of the church. Perhaps the waters that roll between have helped to dilute our people's sense of reverence for the old paths, for the old history, for the old fashioned ways of business. Young England, with more of vigour than of chastened experience, is determined in many things to learn not by precept so much as by ex perience, even if it is better. Well, we know our duty; we, who have to guide this young branch of English churchmanship. Our empire is for ever providing fresh centres; in every one of these the English c'hurch shall be discovered living and vigorous. It is our business, before that of anyone else, to see that all who live on British soil receive the means of grace, .t meagerly doled out, but in full.st meau. re. • nd what can thrill a man's heart more than a cell which summons him in God's name to build foundations-not to detect in the nineteenth century signs of age in his insti. tutiona, or to dread the crumbling of the old ways, but on the contrary to realise his age and his countiry as the birth time and the birth place of a new people. There is romance in it, there is joy and mysterious anticipation in the prospect. But again, it will add zest to our Conference if we mark time for a moment .re we .~areh on to talk and act, just to recall our church's imme diate past, and thank God for our bene factors, heroes, and teachers. The old church in the old home- God bless her I How has not God favoured her in this century. There is no country in the world that has not felt-we may say it without contradiction - the spiritual movements within her bosom. There is no need to enumerate them. I claim all of them-one and all - as our own heritage. I am not anxious to discriminate between our debt to one leader or thinker more than to another. Here to day, met as we are in fraternal unity, fresh from hearing words of a congress sermon, which, please God, we shall never forget, met now with one aim, we claim the whole past history of our church in this century as ours for inspira tion. Simeon and Pusey, ilaurice and Liddon, Lightfoot, and Kingsley, all are ours. Taken together as being good churchmen, we owe them the good that, under God, we have received. and if that be so, if the life within us to-day comes from such combined scurces of spiritual power, the prayer that comes most naturally to our lives is one which asks that no one should ever curtail our heritage or harm our bounds of thought or check the flow of life which has worked such marvels in God's name already, and will, if we are wise and generous, produce results immeasurably greater yet. I shall carry you all with me when I say that, by the good hand of God upon us, the church which has always been ready to acknow ledge errors when made, and to believe in the blessedness of a Reformation when needed, has now obtained as her reward, and in this ninoteenth century, what? despairP apathy waning belief? No; she has attained what I can call by no less aname than a resurrection. That is a great title to use, I am aware, What are the signs of it t It isnot because churches have been restored and church orders studied, not even because we have recog nised so much more fully the corporate life of the church-though that in itself is a boon of value quite inestimable-more even than this, it will be the undying glory of this century that it saw the English church as a whole become a missionary church. No topic is more common now, thank God, than the acts and utterances of our missionary bishops. As martyrs, too, their graves are scattered over all conti nents. Africa has hers in lonely bush places. We have given to the whole Christian world our holy martyr among the coral islands. Arctic snows, Indian plains, the strange unknown continent of China-all hold the dust of the pioneers of the Lord-and then think of the marvel of it This cenury, just dying, has seen almost the whole of this great resurrection -this yearning to fulfil the last command of Christ. We certainly in Australasia can never forget it. We owe our very existence to missionary societies. I tried my utmost indeed to obtain from England some specially-accredited representative of a society whose very name we in this. hemisphere can never pronounce without emotion. Born 100 years before white men trod these lands (one voice crying in the wilderness all through the 18th century), the honoured Society for the Propagation of the Gospel is the founder of the English church in Australia and in New Zealand. She has never forgotten the colonial churches. I can remember. the days of my folly when I may have at times waxed impatient over the claims of prosaic bush settlers. It seemed hardly mission work to some in England to care for the souls of men clad in fustian with axes in their hands, when there were so many other races more romantically coloured and more scantily clothed. Per haps I am not the only man present who has once been so foolish and has now wholly repented himself. Had a represen tative of that great society been present, I should have taken upon myself to have asked this great audience to have risen as one man, and with one voice to have told our deep sense of favours received,which we can never forget, and which we wish we could repay. And because I hold that ingratitude is one of the largest of vices, I say, let us publicly thank another great benefactor, another great institution beloved wherever the English church exists, known by the four familiar letters, S.P.C K. No parish in the Anglican world, no cathedral, no bishopric but has been generously aided, and with that promptitude which makes us astonished in the midst of our gratitude. You will not blame me for taking up a few minutes of your time at such a gathering to give voice to our fe3lings of gratitude to those who, through good report and ill,have been our staunch friends, and in a very real sense have made this Congress possible. Built up by missionary societies during this wonderful century we are, throughout our length and breadth, nothing but a mis sionary church. Every bishop on this platform is a missionary bishop. All our methods should be those which are adapted to missionary countries. I wish to say it with emphasis, for if our discussions are to be practical and beneficial, not for the welfare of the inhabitants of the planet Jupiter, but for new colonies such as ours, we must try by every means in our power to get away from much of the practice of the old country with its power made by 1400 years of life. Do not be alarmed. I am not in culcating heresies, I am referring to the practical management of affairs, to the machinery of church life in a country like ours. I venture to give you an instance, than which nothing can be more apposite, of the way in which we ought not to copy the old country. No picture is more beautiful than that of the aged pastor ministering to his flock clustering round the lovely old church in the little hamlet, and able, even in extreme old age, to visit their homes and impart the means of grace Now translate that charming ideal to these new lands. A man endued with ordinary sense would smile at the thought. But it is just what we have done. We have asked the aged pastor when phy sical exertion is no longer possible for him to carry on his duties in a sphere where physical capacity is the first requisite. We have kept him feebly toiling over miles of bush, serving churches possibly 100 miles apart with failing income and exhausted strength and dwind ling congregations. Truly the best evidence that the church is a divine institution can be drawn from the fact that we have tried to work missionary dioceses with a system of the old country, and have not failed altogether. I trust that speakers of ex perience in this Congress will stamp with approval the obviuus axiom that in a mis sionary church none should be appointed for life to cffices so arduous as ours-but that all without exception should look for ward to a pension some day to guard the baggage of the army when we are no longer fit for that glorious front rank for which may we have strength yet, all of us, for many years. To make such a radical change, especially among the dignitaries of the church, appears, perhaps, to be audacious. But let us go further. I trust Congress will exhibit the self confidence of a young church and keep a very open mind towards new situations. Let us welcome archbishops. Perhaps it is not easy for any one to fulfil archiepiscopal functions with confidence till he has the title. Then, in Heaven's name, let us have the title. Let us welcome the fullest extension of lay energies. Let us welcome the extension of serious respon sibility to women in the affairs of the church. Government by men only has not been so successful as to make us fear the combined wisdom of the two sexes. Let us make many strides in company with Africa, India, and America ere we meet at our church at Lambeth in 1897, to keep the 1300th anniversary of the English church. I apprehend, indeed, that the only justifi cation for our meeting here, after long journeys and great expense, is that we may familiarise ourselves with great problems for the common weal. I suspect that a good many of us are yearning-I canr use no term less strong-are yearning for a great united plan of action for the church in Australia, a common, practical ideal to be stretched out and kept before us, and handled with enthusiasm-a. policy so in spiring in its aims that we may go home again bound with the splendour of a great ideal to make'it bear fruit in our general eynods-a policy the very reverse of narrow, not dioceean merely, hardly even provincial, but including the whole church between Africa and America, for over this area at least we shall work in oemmon. Do you remember what Mr Hodgkin says of the Arian bishops of the fifth century ? The catholic bishops were in lively and constant intercourse with each other. The Arian bishops made no provision for the future. They stood apart from one another in stupid and ignorant isolation, with the result that their influence faded away before the compct orgamsation, and the far-seeing prelates arrayed against them. I venture to say that among all the bishops of the church there is not one present here to-day who does not desire in his inmost soul to show himself to be, what he is, a catholic bishop, descexded from those catholic bishops who worked as one man, not descended in any sense whatsoever from those Arian prelates who taught neither good doctrine nor knew the power of united counsels. If that is indeed the spirit of our leaders, then of necessity we must let our eyes range freely over the whole area of our possible duties ere we pass to our Conference. We claim sympathetic interest in everything that affects our people, their politics, home life, business principles, amusements, their great social needs, their religion. In the category of our own people we include the old iuhabitants of these lands in Aus tralia, New Zealand, and the isles of the Pacific. If they are decreasing through our vice or greed or carelessness, then the sin of it lies at our door. Again, we remember in our prayers and long to aid the Chinese in the colonies and all South Sea races that have been put into our charge, including New Guinea. And beyond these again I trust this Con. gress will not forget our own church people, of our own colour and race, scattered through many an island in the Pacific, who are at present under the pas toral charge of the Bishop of London. In vain they look, year after year, for the means of grace from their own church. How much longer are they to wait for the sympathetic hand and heart that grasps the whole situation and overlooks nothing ? And are we to faint and grow timorous over these far-reaching duties P I trust that as the English races presses on from one clime to another, so the English church will keep pace with it, and prove herself worthy to be entrusted withlburdens imperial in capacity. I trust this Congress will exhibit a heart so big and a faith in God's grace so ardent that looking south from Hobart we shall prospectively claim the south pole as our rightful sphere, and all that anyone will permit us to handle, from Port Darwin to the Auckland Islands, from our Maatsuyker light in Tasmania to some degree closer to the equator, and the sooner the better. When there is no more for us to grasp, let us sit down with great content and ruminate over the fact that mankind is divided. into two classes-into those who say they are going to do this or that and go away and do it, and into those who stand round other people and ever lastingly lift up their hands and exclaim, in tremulous accents, " How in the world did you ever get it done ?" Vow, I am to choose for all this assemblage to-day. We are going to do all kinds of things for the best of all reasons, because we are determined to do them, and because, among Englishmen, we have learnt that a true leader never lacks followers; and though our race cousiders it one of its prescriptive rights to begin by growling when stirred up to act or to pay money, yet it always does pay after the growl, and never fails, but follows its leaders anywhere. Is there force enough in the church to make these visions come true ? I can only answer that this whole continent of ours teems with forces-boils and bubbles with human energies. This is the land that knows all about mining rushes, those strange and marvellous mani festations of human excitement. This is the land where the bush farmer,with a splendid courage, attacks Tasmanian bush single handed and carves a fortune for his grand children. These are our sons and daughters, members of the English church. The church has but to be true to her Lord and true to divert forces absolutely inexhaustible from Mammon to God. Listen to these words of a French priest :-'" The main duty to-day of thoughtful men is to turn abide from all else in order to employ all their courage and strength in a vigorous effort to set forward through intense self-devotion and energy the perilous course of that mighty vessel, freighted as she is with the human race. Only imagine what would be the addition to the world's strength if there were found among us more of what I must call the transformation of courage. If only the strength, the science, the courage, the genius, the brave blood ex pended in one great battle could be used in accordance with the knowledge and in spiration of God, it would, I believe, trans form the whole world." There is force enough, then, but is there faith enough ? That is indeed the question; and I ven ture to offer you a challenge. Australia has of late given the world a forecast of the future, which may, without exaggera tion, be called pessimistic-work full of original suggestions, but which aounds the death knell of dogmatic Christianity. No duty seems to me to devolve more clearly upon the English church, in company with anl other religious bodies, than by her deeds to confound, upset, pulverise every disheartening calculation, every gloomy foroboding, based on the decay of faith and the materialistic tendencies of modern life -to upset all such forecasts, just as Christ and His apostles overturned the predictions of the wisest men by toe appearance of spiritual regenerating forces, just as the Spirit of God, the Omnipotent, the loving, will ever upset the theories of all who in wbatsoever degree behold so Heov-nly Father and no Redeeming Christ in h.;ir philosophy. Indeed you have already im plicitly given your aseent; to the existence of this unconquerable faith, and have written it on tpables of etone. If you look out of the windows of this hall you will see that cathedrallso strorgly and solidly built. Quite deliberately we have built it so that it may stand for 1000 years. That is our answer, our collective auswer, if we are asked whether we have faith enough in our spiritual mission. Force; faith. Yes, but there is somethirig 'wanting still. Faith and hope are for ever coupled for ever with charity. God makes His church strong indeed, but also with delicate, sympathetic instincts, trained continually by prayer and meditation, and love for God and man. If it induces a sense of weariness even to contemplate the whole field of labour, we have to remember that no single individual is expected to grasp it. Even in the work of a diocese a bishop can only strive to make every clergyman under his charge a better man than himself, filling up his deficiencies, apportioning to them their tasks, and giving them all the praise. I think it is well that I should point out to you, and the outside public that will listen to our discussions, how peculiarly onerous are the burdens of the church. For example, the social and political ameliora tion of the race is in itself an enormous field. It flls the entire horizon of many an earnest thinker. But it is only a portion of our task, for we know that even if every one in Australia were politically free and healthy, and raised above poverty, yet Australia might easily be, even in these circumstances, the wickedest place in the world-godless, selfish, profligate. So the church loves to vanish from the publie gaze, avoiding the public prints, hating to advertise herself, and buries herself in underground work], facing spiritual needs, telling of dirine-springs of action, of Him who alone can make us holy, reading and praying in sick rooms to those who die and never tell of her faithfulness, preparing for the life to come, as well as for this life, by lessons of repentance and faith; all which to many a modern advancedreformer is time thrown away or misspent, so vast is the field : and men indirectly realise it and raise a cry if any one reform in any direction is not headed by the church and her leaders. It is indeed the best of compliiuents; and it brings to mind atluth I trust we shall never as a church forget, namely, never to turn a deaf or contemptuous ear to any of the watchwords which move masses of men to combined effort. There is always a precious truth at the bottom oC it. This one Christian insight must detect and our combined efforts must support. Another fact we must also emphasise ero we approach many of the most difficult problems of the day. The church has really no instantaneous re. cipt to offer when asked to solve perplexing and world-old controversies, except by pointing upward. Ste cannot upset ,at once the selfishness of man, though she is always working for this end. What gene rations unnumbered have puzzled over since the world began, what every public man of every age and clime, every philan thropist has dreamed of, and every editor of a nermbpaper and earnest thinker work, at weekly at the present day-these great questions ate our common discipline, to humble us, make us sympathetic, and often to sadden us. We cannot equalise the acts of men at once, or unite capital and labour, or explain the origin of sin What can we do in the clashing of opinion and jostling of interests but sweeten controversy, sanc tify thought, and press to the utmost of our power the ethical aspect of everything, as those who believe in the over-ruling love of God and the constant presenre of Christ and of the Holy Spirit in the church which IIe has founded in the earth, and which He loves ? Do you remember Matthew Arnold's fine conception of the East bowing her head, immersed in thought, as the legions of the Wes tern Empire tramped over the world to raise her head again when the time came, and to give Christendom the fruits of thought. I see in this a picture of the church's duty in an age unsurpassed for material progress and for advance in physical sci.rce. Lot as bow our heads and betake ourselves to occuati,,os not novel enough for the general public, but upon which the spiritual welfare of the world depends. You will not doubt what this paramount duty is-this office of the church most arduous and yet not courting daily notice-it is the education of the young on a religious basis. This I conceive to be our duty first in pressing importance. Our speakers will make the most of it, and show us, I doubt not, how remiss we have been, for instance, in establishing church girl schools too late in the day in our large centres, even if we have done it yet. I have come to see that, though protests signed and sent to Parliament are expedient, when some specially shameful legislation is proposed (as for instance our Bank Lottery Iill in this colony, for which we blush to-day as we speak of it), still churchmen know the only sure method of preventing such bills being passed is to instil into our young the Christian ideal of life, which detests wild specu'lation, and does not haste to get rich at the cost of honour, which takes for its life the Prince Consort's motto, " Great thoughts and a pure heart." What do you say ? Shall we determine to work this with set purpose in order to serve the next generation even if we have well nigh lost this in some places. I believe the tide has turned at length, and after some colonies have tried to educate without religion they are becoming ashamed of the results now published to the world. But if they are ashamed ought not a double sense of shame be felt by us Christians P How did they manage to steal the Bible from public schools of some of the colonies? They stole it when the Christians were busy fighting with each other. They will give it back when we unite to ask for the book, which we all hold to be the Book of Life, when Christians in friendly union can agree to teach the great truths common to all. I have touched inci dentally upon many of the subjects to be discussed at this Congress. Ere I sit down I wish to call your attention to a most striking lesson as regards the position the English Church holds. We commenced our proceedings by reciting with one voice the Apostles' Creed, and our first subject for discussion is "Biblical Criticism." There are not wanting those who say that the two positions are incompatible. But it is our mission-our unique and glorious mission-to combine the two tendencies, to be catholic and keep the old [paths, to be open to the voice of reason and to be ready to reform, and yet catholic. No wonder there are some who leave us to go either way. But to keep the old paths to servo (God, not only with heart and soul, but also "with the mind," to make the truth the most immutable of things, yet at the same time to make it in another sense the most mutable of things; this is our inspiring heritage. In the face of this potent fact, realising the uniqueness of our position (merely providential for the sake, some day, of an united Christendom) I venture to call your attention to what should be the tone of our debates. There must be free and full discussitn. There must be liberty to every churchman who speaks duriog this Congress to tell us his real convictions. I shall stand up for this individual liberty to the full extent of mIy power. I do more. I ask you to remember that we have de liberately invited to this Congress men of widely differing views. We should have been most unhappy had this Congress become the mouthpiece of any particular school of thought. It would not be worth attending had it been this. Speakers, then, will rise to address you whose opinions, as they are perfectly aware, are not in accordance with the views of some other Ssections of their brother churchmen. That is a fact known to all before a word is uttered. Then let us remember Sthat this is an assembly of gentle men. Let us not forget our manners simply because we maylisten to what on or another may not agree with. It is as well to bear in mind that this Congress is not the place to vote on any question whatsoever, it is not a legislative body, we have simply met to give our opinions. Having said so much as this on behalf of the most perfect liberty of speech, I desire to say a few words on another side of the question. You must remember, also (especially if you hold a position of dignity in the church) how much im portance is ascribed to your words, espe cially to those who do not wish particu larly well to the church. Unquestionably speeches have been made at Church Con gresses which have shown little apprema tion of the marvellons position of the Church of England. Such men seemed never to have realised the extraordinary seli-repression exercised by the leaders of the church in the difficult work of reform-s. twion. If they did reasse it theyhave not ex-. hibited it in their own words, words quickl spoken, and afterwards made the most o by our enemies. It has seemed to me that in the past, looking over the utter ances of a dozen Church Congresses, some speeches have made one ask sorrowfully whether the chief object of the speaker was deliberately to attempt to narrow the church's heritage for future generations, or to hand her over to her foes, or as if the speaker wished without compunction to foul his own nest to the inexpressible de light of those who long for our discomfiture. Let speech be free, indeed, but let our words be weighed first, as spoken by those on whom there rests a grave responsibility and who know what loyalty means, and when the last word has been spoken, when we have shaken hands with our brothers and farewell has been said; what then P I have heard men talk eloquently, pro pounding theories which in the, estimation of the speakers at least, would settle at once problems which have exercised the wisest since the foundati'u of the world, and I have seen another toing. I have soen men stirred to the depths by the con Silotions of Godly men and to the call to duly as followers of Jesus Christ. These have been but poor speakers and not highly gifted, yet they have gone away and have humbly lived by the light that God has given them, laying their hands to the duty that is put in their way, and this work has stood the test of time. I trust we shall return home with a fuller sympathy for each other, realising how un ,quel are the burdens of different dioceses. In the name of my own diucese I wish to say that we often feel ashamed of our own advantages here, our climate and endow ments, when we recall the labours of the clergy in Rockhampton and North Queens lanmd, and Wkst Australia, and the great plains of the centre of the continent What can we do to act more as brotherc should, to equalise burdens, to know each other's diffi.aities more completely? I believe this Congress will give us good answers to such questions, and now let us give ourselves to our task, remembering who it is that gives all power and wisdom and might. Let us make the effect of the Hobart Church Congress felt in our Parlia ments, in our parsonages, in ihe poorest streets of our great cities, in every back block in distant bush places, and in the furthest isles of the Pacific for the glory of our God and the accomplishment of His will. We can do it, by God's grace we will. The Rev. B. A. Schleicker, Sydney, read a paper on the results of the re cent criticism of the Old Testament and the duty of the clergy in reference therto. The Primate of Australia, and Arch deacon Holt, of Riverina, also spoke. Dr. Leeper, of Melbourne, read a paper on the recent discoveries of the Apology of Aristides, gospel of St. Peter, the Syriac text of the gospels, which was a learned address, and was loudly applauded. Canon A. E. David, of Brisbane, read a paper on the church and the Bible as affected by modern criticism. Mr E. J. Robson, of Sydney, spoke to the question, and a discussion then took place generally upon the subject of the Biblical question, and an adjournment was made till 7'15 p.m. At the evening sitting Bishop Mont gomery made touching allusion to an accident which had befallen the Bishop of Goulburn, and trusted it would not be of more than a temporary nature. He suggested under the circumstances that the paper prepared by him be read by a substitute. Archdeacon Farr, of Adelaide, read a paper on the parochial system of the country mission districts, which was spoken to by the Rev. J. T. Stretch, of Mel bourne. The Dean of Newcastle read a paper on the provincial organisation lof the general synods, which was spoken to by the Bishop of Dunedin. The Bishop of Newcastle read a paper on how was the best way to strengthen the relations of Ithe church in Australia and Tasmania with the church in England and New Zealand, which was spoken to by the Rev. G. Macmurray, of Auckland, and the Bishop of Adelaide. Lengthy discussions ensued on the papers read. The Congress adjourned at 10"5 till 10830 a.m. to-morrow. 