THESIABSENT 'MAN. By Jxno?r? K. JaBOmE. You ask him to dine with you on Thurs day to meet a few people who are anxious to know him. "Now don't make a muddle of it," you say, recollectful of former mishaps ; "ar.d come on Wednesday." He laughs good-naturedly as he hunts through the room for his diary. "Shan't be able to come Wednesday," he says; "shall tie at the Mansion House, sketching dresses, and on Friday I start for Scotland so as to be at the opening of the exhibition on Saturday.; it's bound to be all right this time. Where the deuce is that diary? Never mind, I'll make a note of it on this, you can see me do it." You stand over him while he writes the appointment down on foolscap, and watch iam pin it up over his desk. Then you come away contented. "I do hope he'll torn up," you say to your wife on the Thursa.y evening, while dressing. "Are you sure you made it clear to him ?" she replies suspiciously ; and you natinctively fool that whatever happens she is going to blame you for it. Eiglt o'clock arrives, and, with it, the other guests. At halt-past 8 your wifeis beceoned mysteriously out of the room, where the parlour-maid informs her that the cook has expressed a determination; in case of furthers delay, to wash. her hands, figuratively speaking, of the whole affair. Your wife, returning, suggests that, if the dinner is to be eaten at all, it had better be begun. Sheevidently considere that in pretending to expect him you have been merely playing a part, and that it would have been manlier and more straightforward for you to have admitted at the beginning that you had forgotten to invite him During the soup and the fish you ie count anecdotes of his unpunctuality. By tue time the entreo arrives. the empty chair has begun to cast a gloom over the dinner, and, with the joint, the conversa Sntlon drifts into talk about dead relatives. On Friday, at a qusarer past 8, he da'hse up to the door and rings violently. Hear iug his voice in the hall, you go to meet him. " Sorry I'm late," he sings out cheerily, 'fool of a cabman took me to Alfred Place ir s'ead of-". " Well, what do you want, now you are come ?" you interrupt, feeling anything out genially toward him. He is an old friend, so you can be rude to him. lie laughs and slaps you on the shoulder. " Why, my dinner, my dear boy, I'm starving." "Oh," you grunt in reply. "Well, you go and get it somewhere else then. You're not going to have it hero." " What the devil do you mean ?" he sa3s; "you asked me to dinner." " I did nothing of the kind," you tell him, "I asked you to dinner on Thursday, not on FJiday." He stares at you incredolously. t "How did I get Friday fixed in mj e mind ?" he asks enquiringiy. "Because yours is the sort of mind that would get Friday firmly fixed into it, when Toursday was the day,"you explain. "I thought Sou had to be off to Edin. burgh, to.-night," ou add. ' "Great Ocott !" he cries; "so I have," r and without another word, he dashes out, and you bear him rushing down the road. shouting for the cab he has jost dis missed. As you return to your study, you rcflact that he will have'to travel all the way to Scotland in evening dress, and will have to send out the hotel porter in the morn inu to buy him. a .adnit. af r.dy--...d. i clothes_; and are glad. Matters work out still more awkwardly when it is he who is the host. I remember being with him on his house-boat one day, It was a little after 12, and we were y sitting on the edge of the boat; dangling P our feetin the river-the spot was a lonely is one, halfway between Wallingford and ,y Day's' Lock. Suddenly, round the bend -e appeared two skiffs, each one containing six elaborately dressed persons. As sour as they caught sight of us they begat waving handkerchiefs and parasola. "Hullo," I said, "here's some pcoph hailing you." " Oh, they all do that about here," hb e answered, without looking " up; "somi et bean-feast from Abingdon, I expect." n The boat drew nearer, When about 20( le yards off, an elderly gentleman raispe himself upon the prow of the leading ont and shouted to us. d McQnae heard his voice an'd gave t y start that all but pitched him into the a water. n " Good God i" he cried ; " I'd 'forgottet all haout it." "About what?" I asked. " Why, it's the Palmers and the Grd hams and the' Hendersons.- I've • askei 1o them all over to lunch, and there's not i t+ blessed thing on board but two muttor 1- chops and a pound of potatdes; and I'vi )r given the boy a holiday." is Another day I was lunching with him a the Junior Hogarth, when a man named it H.llyard, a mutual friend, strolled acrose to as. "What are you fellows going to do thiu d afternoon ?" he asked, seating himself thi r' opposite side of the table. t " I'm going to etop here andi writo a letters," I answered. ,l "Coms with me if yenou want somethinrg to do,'" said MIQuae; '"I'm going to dricve Leena down to Richmond." (' Leena' d was the young lady he recollected being a engaged to. -It transpired afterwards thal 1' he was engaged to three girls at the time The other two he had forgotten all about) "It's a roomy seat at the hack." S "Oh, all right," cail Hallyisrd, add they went away together in a hansom. An hour and a half later Hallyard wa'ked into the smoking.room, looking F depressed and worn, and flong himselt p into a choir. "I thought you were going to Rich mend with McQ Iae," I said. " So did I," he answered - "Hat an accident?" I asked. "Yes." He was decidedlycurtin his Sreplies. Cart ?aset ?" I continued. "No--only me" ; His grammar and his nerves seemed thoroughly shaken. - I waited for an explanation, and after a while he gave it. "We got to Putney," he said, "with jst anh occasional run into' tramm;car,' and were going up the hill, whleni asuddeily he turned a corner--over the oucrb.' ac?ros tbhe road add ino'ethe opposite lamp pest. .01 cohrsoe,ies a.rule, one is prepartd for it, but I neer reckoned, on his turning. np there, and the first thing I recollect is find ing myself in the middle of the street with a dozn fools grinning at me. It takes a Sman a few.minutes in esuch a case tothink where heris audswhat has happened ; and. t whenI got up, theywere some distance away. Iran aftertbhnm fr a quarter-of a milejshouting at the top of my voice, anti accompanied by a mob of boys. But one might as well have tried to hail the dead, so I took the bus back." : "They might have guessed-what had' happened," he added, "by the shifting of the cart, if they had any sense. rm not e light weight." SHe complained of soreness, and said be would go home. I suggested a cab, bet hereplied that he would rather walk. S'I'met McQaes in the evening at the SB. James' Theatre. It was a first night, and he was tskingsketches for the Graphic. The moment he saw me he made his way across to me. "The very man I wanted to see,'" hi; said; "did Itake Hdllysrdwith me in the I cart to Richmond this afternoon ?" "You did," I replied, "Bo Leena says," he answered, greatly ':owildeel ; "but I'll swo.r he ~reun'ad there when'.we'got.to the Queen's Hotel." "It's all 'right," 1 sbaid, "you d~opped him at Putney." " Dropped him at Putney !" he re- peated ; " I've no recollection of doing so." "He has,",I answered. "You ask him about it.' le's full of it." Everybody?,said' heft would Inever get married-that it was absurd to suppose he would evsr remember the day, the church' ' and the girl all in one morning-thatif he did get as far as the altar, he would forget a what' he had come for, and would give the - bride away to his own best'man.a;"Hall- t yard bad an' idea -that' he was: already i married, but that the fact had:slipped his his memory. '-I myself felt'sure that' if he did marry' he would forget all .abbut it next'day. " But everybody'- was wrong.:- By some c miraonlods means the'ceremony got itself 3 aceomplislie 1, so that if Hellysrd's idea be correct (as to which' there is every possier bility), there will be trouble. As for my own fears, I'diesissed them the..moment I saw 'the lady.'. She-was' a charming t cheerful little woman,'but- did .not look the type that would let him-forget.all about it. I had not seen!rhbm iifice his marriage, which had happened in the spring.' Work. 3 ing' my way back .from Sootland by easy stagies, I stopped foria few days at Baar boro. After table d'hote.I put on my 5 mackint eas, end went out for a walk. -It was raining hard, but after -a month in Scotland one does not-'notice English weather, and I wanted some, air. Strug- gling along the'dark-beach-with my head against. the •wind,-'I 'stumbled- over's a crouching -fignrei that" was' seeking to shelter itself a little froi the storm under the lea of the Spa'wali. I expect:d-it to swear at me, but it seemed too broken spirited to mind any thine. "I beg your pardon," I said ;" "I did not see'you." At the sound of my voice it started to its feet. " Is that'you, old man ?" it cried. "lMcQ san I" l'eclaimed. " By jove," he said, " I was never so glad to see a man in all my life before." And he nearly shook my-liand off. - "But what in thunder," I said, "are you doing here? Why, you're drenched to the skin." He was dressed in fl.nnels and a tennis coat. " Yea," he answered ; " 1 never thought it would rain. It was a lovely morning." " Why don't you go ome ?": I asked.- '. "I cmn't," he replied. "I do-'t know where I live, I've forgotten thoe address."? I began to fear that he had overworked himself into a brain fever " For heaven's Fake," he said," take me somewhere, and give me something to eat. I'm literally 'starving." "Haven't you any money ?" I asked 0 him as we turned towards the'botel. "Not a sou," he answered. " We got 1 in bore from York, the wife and I, about. 11\. We left our things at the station, and started to hunt for apartments; As soon as we were fixed, I changed" my clothes. I and came out for a walk, telling Maud ;I ehould be back at 1 to lunch. ,Like afool I- never took 'the address,- and- never n noticed the-wcy I was'going.'" " It's an awful business," he continued "I don't see how I'm ever going-to find bar. I hoped ahe might stroll down'to the Spa in the evening, and I've been hanging' about 'the gates ever si0oa 6. - 1 hadn't the threepence to go in." "But you have no notion of the sort of street, or the kind 'of house it was?" I en Squird. S "Not a ghost," he repFed-; "I left it e all to Maud, and didn't trouble." "Have you tried any of the lodging ' Tried l".he exc'aimed bitterly-; "I've been.knoceing at doors, and asking if Mrs y Mi Qaae lives there,-steadily"all the-after. r noon, and- they slam the'door in my face I'. mostly ' withoqt 'answering. I told "a e poal ceman ; I thoeght Ferhap's he might g esggest 'something. But the idiot only Y burst out laughing, and that-made me so d mad that I gave him a black eye and had 1, t cut. I expect they re on the lookout for g me now. 'n "I w nt I to a restaurant," he continued, In gloomily, "and tried to get them to trust me far a steak;. But the'proprietressseaid le she'd heard that tale-before; and ordered me out before'all theother ocstomers."' I ae think"'l'd have- drowned" myself if you 1e hadn't turned up."' After a change of oloth'ea':and"some 10 supper, he discussed the'case'more calmly. id but'it was-really'a-serious 'affair.' They 1e had shut up thbir' fl.t, and his wifey' relatives 'were travelling' abroad. There a vas' no one to whom .be -could- send a le letter to be forwarded; there was no one with whom 'she -would', be . likely to com n muonionte. Their'chance of meeting again in this world appeared remote. Noi did it seem to- me-fond;as he was' of his wife, and anxious as he undoubtedly id was to recover her-that 'he looked for. a ward to'the actual meeting;-should it'eVer' n sarive, -with 'eny; too pleasurable' anticipa re tion. "She -will think'it 'strange," he' mnr-' mired 'reflctively, sittingbon 'teo'edge'of: at the'bed'add thoughtfully' pulling:off-his d socks,' " Sh'ia sore to think it strange .' as " The folloiwing day, which was :Wed:ees-i day, we wen~.to- aeolioitorm;?nd laid the' la case before him; and he instituted en ie quiries amon'gall the lodging' house keepers in- Soarboro'-with the-result that to on Thursday afternoon MeQoae ,waesre. stored (after. the manner of an -Adlphi' g e'biro in the last act) to his home end wtfe.' e I asked him next-time-I met him,.what " sh had said.. -g " 'Oh, much what I 'expected," he re. It plied. -But he' never told me what he had 5 expected. 