CHA.PTER XV.—Utze PfiDjncHSfr ?Foe* “> ny, it g K'nshaw ! cried Mrs Sol wood, who, her.rice the sound cf hoofs mingling with the bsrking of the dogB, had come to the door, '“We didn'tt&pccfc; you till to-morrow. Well, you're jest in time. A“ew minutes more and we should all have gone to bod. Call Windvogel tc take your torso, and coRae'ku’’ •, “ I’ll lot him ruu ; he’s abotf!: done up,” he answered, removing saddle, bridle and headstall, and turning the animal adrift. “ Has your tarsiness fallen through?” she ■ asked, as he followed her into tho passage and closed the door. “ It hss had to stand over. Come in here, j Hilda,” teadisg the way iris an empty room.; “ I have something to tell'you. IS’o—never! mind the light. The fewetf lights shown thoi Then inns few words as possible he told, her of the danger which hovered over them. , Hilda Silwood oamo of a good old colonial! stock, and-was not lacking in nerve. Still,! she wonld mot have been a woman had she; realised tfco frightful peril which threatened; herself end her children without a shudder. • “ We must do what we can, Eenshaw,”1 she said. “ Perhaps they will not attack; “‘(Perhaps’ is a sorry word to start 'cam paigning upon. What we’ve got to do is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that thoy will, if only tha t they seem to have been wetohing thcroad.'I believe they have ascertained by some'means or other that Chris is away. What people have yon on the farm just DOW?” “ Very few. There’s Windvogel and old Jecbb and Gomfana That’s all.” “ Windvogel I don’t trust. Shonldn't wonder,indeed, if the yellow scoundrel'waa in leagne with them, Old Jacob has snore than one foot in the grave—he’s no good. Bat Gomfana, though he couldn’t hit a haystaok with a gun, might make useful play 'with a chopper if it came to olose quarters. And now, look here,” he went on, ■after a 'moment’s hesitation, “ the situation may be desperate. These seven cat-throats are fight ing' with a noose round their neoks. -Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are all well armed. How, is there no snggeetion yon can make towards strengthening the garri “ Why, of course, Marian and Iboth know how to shoot. That makes three of us. And,' 'then, we are under oover.” “ Well spoken. Bat I can improve on that idea—if yon can bring yourself to agree. Little ohaps as they are, Fred and Basil are better shots than either of you, and game to the core.” Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Her two little ones 1 Why, they were mere babies but yester day! And now she was to be'called upon to sacrifice them—to expose them-to the peril‘of desperate oonfliot which would folly tax the courage of grown men. “I’d rather not, if it oonld .possibly be avoided," she said, at last. “ Very well. But I’m much mistaken if the young scamps won’t take the matter into their own hands directly they hear a shot fired. How, how many guns have we? Tnere’s mine—two of Chris’s—'that makes six barrels, the boys’ muzzle loaders, ten barrels. Then Chris has a five-shooter-” “ He took that with him.” “ Did he ? Well, I have a six. Altogether we shan’t do badly. And, now, yon had better break the news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the bat to rout out Gomfana. And loeeno time barricad ing the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that—almost bulletproof.” Arming himself with a gun and revolver, Eenshaw slipped out quietly, and made his way to the hats. 'Gomfana, like most natives, slept heavily, and took a deal of waking; and by the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He was a sturdy youngster of about twenty—a “ raw”‘Kafir— that is to say, one who bad never been' oat of his native kraal, and was stnpid and ignorant of European ways. Sat at the prospeot of a fight he grinned and brightened 'up. Joat as they regained 'the honae a glow snffosed the sky against the mountain top, and a few minutes later a broad half-moon was sailing high in the heavens. Eenshaw hailed its appearance with unbounded satis faction. The two girls had already lit their candles for bed when Mrs Selwood brought the un welcome news, judiciously omitting the ghastly tragedy which oonld only horrify without encouraging the hearers... Their method of receiving it was as divergent aa their characters. Marian,'though she slightly changed color, remained perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other hand, turned white ae a sheet, and'fairly shook with terror. It was all they oould. do to keep her from going into wild hysterias. < “ This sort of thing won't do at all. Him Avory,” said Eenshaw, entering at that mo ment; his sable recruit hanging back in the doorway. “ Why, -all you’ve got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. If we exchange a shot or two that?* all it will amount to. Come, now, I should have thought yan would 'hate enjoyed the exoite ment ot a real adventure.” Violet tried to smile, but it was tbs mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook. And Eenshaw himself seemed changed. None of the diffident lover about him now. He seemed in his element at the prospeot of peril. ;In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian’s' eulogies on his coolness and resource in an emergency. The reoolleotion quieted her, and she looked upon him with unbounded respect. Then she noted Marian’s calm and'resolute demeanor, and even fancied that the look el the latter was expressive of something like contempt— wherein die wasmis taken, but the idea acted sb a tonic to btaoe her nerves. Having seen to the firearms and ammnni [ Uon. ana cautioned the women to remain where they were and allownomore light to be seen than they oonld help, Renabaw went the ronndof the house! Effie and the two little ones were sleeping soundly, so also were the two boys. Openingthe door, he looked cau tiously out. All was still. He had decided that the four ooraer rooms should be the points; of defenoe.and the windows, accordingly, were not- buriosded. The others were rendered seonra by fixing against each a couple of mattresses.' Then he went book to the ladies. The hones was now all in darkness, but tha moonlight streaming in above the protecting mattresses gave suOoient light for all pur “Now, good people,” he add, cheerily. “ yon may all go to bed. I’ll oatl yon when I want you. Tm going to watch at one oorner, and Gomfana anil take .tha other. There’ll he ne catching us napping. Be sides, the dqgs will raise the aeost awful shillaloo if anyonehaavss insight.” Shakedown* had been; improvised on floor with rags end.nfflow*. . In great measure, leaser id by Marian's unconcern, ▼iolat oonaswSsd'to lie down. JCra Belwood [‘betookheaelfrtohyriahBdnioftiroom.- ' The mooa mounted higher anil higher to the zenith, flooding tho land with an eerie Htid‘chastened halt light. Xho monotonous chirrup of the tre^frog, the shrill baying ot • pair of hunting jac-alls, the occasional c ri ot a nightbird mournfully .echoing from the mountain side* floated to the watcher’s ear. Unremitting ia his vigilance, Renshaw moved silently from room to room, hiB un erring eye scanning the ground at every point, and'hooping his cable lieutenant up to the mark;, “test that worthy should he tempted to_ doze. But Gorjifantt, who was armed with ^n'axe and soke assegais taken from a wall trophy, waB rather thirsting for tho -en counter than otherwise. Somo hundred and fifty yards from the main dwelling was/a large outhouse blook, comprising stables; waggou shed, shearing house, eto. On this “point Renalmw’s atten tion was mainly concentrated. Ho felt sure that tho miscreants would take advantage of the shadow of this building to creep up as near as they could. Another point that: needed watching was the thick -quince hedge: which skirted The garden, and which now: afforded a shsdo congenial to the assailants’! movements. ] Nothing is'tucre trying to the nerves than' a lonely nocturnal vigil. Most men, bravo enough in actual danger, wontd have felt the "oreepy” -effect of those silent hoars as thoy etraiued -their eyes upon the surrounding veldt, now oonBtrning a shadow into an enemy—-new hearing a whisper of voises— the tread-of a stealthy footstep—in the'Vary ing and spectral sonnds of the night. Bat Reashaw’s solitary and wandering life had inured him to these things. His chief con siderations were, firstly,-lest the droway feel ing-whish he was dorng his utmost tc oombat should tend to dim his -vigilance ; secondly, the- stllling of his oravingafor just tone care folly-guarded pipe, “Suddenly the faintest possible -creak of a footfall on the floor behind him. -He turned likc<ltghtning. “ It’s only me,” whispered a-soft voice. And a tall figure approached in the gloom.. ““ Marian ! Wfiy are you not lying down -with the rest?” •« They’re all asleep now, even Violet. Look, I brought you some sandwiches. You ’hardly ate anything when yon came in. 'Sou set to work upon them at once, and I’ll mount sentry while you are having supper.” “ How good of you,” he Baid, taking the plate from her, and also the gias9 of brandy and water which she had mixed for him. “ Why, what have you there ? A shooting iron?" “Of course. You don’t suppose 1 was going to leave any gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do you?” ] She oarried-adouble-barrelled breechloader i —rifle and shot -cartridge—and there was a I warrior flash in. her eyes visible in the moon-1 light, whioh told that Bhe meant to use it,! too, if occasion required. “ Itia very lonely for you, watohing all by yourself,” -she continued. “ I thought I would oomeand keep you company.” “ So like .you again. But look here, Marian, dear. You must not be exposed to danger. “Single-handed I can make such an example of the sohepsals that they'll probably turn and ran. Still, they might let fly a shot or two. You will go bacK to the others if I ask yon—will yon not ?” Her ’heart thrilled tnmnltnonsly within her. In the darkness she need be at no pains to conceal the tell.tale expression of her faoe. Ah, bnt—his tones, though affectionate, were merely brotherly. That might be, bnt, still, whatever peril he might undergo it should he her privilege to share it—her sweet privilege —and she would share it. "No; I will not,” she answered, de cisively. " I can be as oool as anyone living, men or woman. Feel my hand; there ia not a tremble in it.” And her fingers oiosed round his in a firm steady olaBp, in whioh there was nothing nervous, nothing spas modic. "I believe yon can,’’ he answered, " hat I was thinking of your safety.” "Mysafety!” she interrupted. Then in a different tone, "How do yon suppose they’ll oome, Renshaw? Walk openly to the house or try to creep up hjkjshsio*!” -—"Tho last. You" Bbe“ they showed their hand by tackling me upon the road. Yet, they may think I’ve turned in and bothered no moreabontit. Hallo!” "What is it?” " I oould have sworn I heard something. I’ve got long ears—like a donkey, you swill | Both listened intently, the woman with I less eagerness, less anxiety than the man. There was a kind of exaltation about Marian to-night. Her nervee were as firm as those of her male companion himself -; and the cer tainty of a bloody confliot was to her, in her then frame of mind, a mere matter of detail. " Ah 11 thought I was right,'" he went on, as a premonitory "woof” from one of the dogs lying aronnd the house was followed by a general uprising and olamor on the part of the whole lot. Then, haying savagely, they started off in full charge in the direction of the dark line of shade thrown by the willows fringing the dam, and on the oppo site side to that watched by Renshaw and his companion. " Marian, jnst go t» the other side and look if yon can see anything. Yon won’t, I know; bnt, still, there's no harm in making She obeyed. Vrorn that aide of the house nothing was visible except a long - stratoh of sickly moonlight and the line of trees. Rut the dogs had disappeared within the shade of the latter, and were raising a olamor that was truly infernal. They seemed to he holding something or somebody in cheek. Then she returned to her former post "There’s nothing there,” she said, "at present. Ah!” Three shadowy figures were flitting round the angle of the onthonse blook above men tioned. They gained the shade thrown by the front of it—oronohed and waited. "Here they are,” whispered Renshaw, under his breath. " I was np to that dodge. One fdlow was told off to draw off the dogs, while these jokers sneaked np in the opposite direotion. Look—here oome the rest.” Two. more figures followed the first—then another. All were now crouching in the shadow of the outhouses. Still the yelling olamor of the dogs sounded distant on the other side, kept np with unabated fury. 