Ib iiberalism freedom is a question that mnst present itself even to the 'supporters of tbe G overoment. 1 Judg- , ing1»y Mr."Turner's attitude towards' the. land-owners, like .the "Pious Editor," he, "Believes in Freedom's cause, 3£z for away ez Paris is ; I love to see ber stick her clawi In them mfamal Pharisees."" The " Pharisees " aie the unfortunate land-owners, whom Mr. Turner is anxious to .saddle with a double tax on land, and, if there is anything left, ,to get it byjthe Income Tax. A sense <of what sportsmen'call "bonnie play " should have prompted . the " liberal" Government to release the land-owners from the " class tax " before imposing, the general or unimproved tax Mt; Murray, the ultra-radical of the Assembly, forcibly expressed the feelings of tbe fair-minded section of members when he indulged in the coarse remark, " Hang it, I would give » dog fair play 3" And he not only demanded fair play, but fought for it and beat the Government in the division. The Premier evidently never allowed the thought of tbe crasss injustice to trouble him. He wanted money. " The civil servants must not be touched ; a few of my supporters preach confiscation ; I'll go between the •two extremes and raise sixty thousand pounds—nearly the full amount .of the present we made tbe civil servants— out of the land-owners," was the dictum of the Premier. It. is to the credit of several of the labor members that they crossed the floor when the division bell rang, and assisted in inflicting a well-deserved defeat on the Ministry. Mr. Hamilton, who i •credited with advanced views, bordering on " confiscation," could not support the - Government " plunder scheme," and Mr. G. D. Williams also voted against the Ministry. The Premier took the defeat with a very bad grace^ and expressed his intention of trying to " reverse the decision on the Third Reading."' The titter recklessness* of the Goverment has caused a split in the Ministry and the resignation of the Minister of Defence and Mr. Pratt, who "held an honorary position in the Cabinet. " The wild back-woods man " of Dandenong, who, unlike good wine, has become worse with increasing age, would, if he dare, parade the streets of Melbourne preaching "confiscation," believes, or professes to believe, that a graduated tax .would bring back all the land in the colony to the State. The individual would possess nothing. While tbe Premier and Treasurer is lamenting e or the loss of ,£60,000 the members of the Council are discussing the extraordinary conduct of the Ministry, and ou thus the embers of .discord are'being surely fanned into, a flame. James Russell Lowell evidently had th sa. prototype of Mr. Tnrner in his mind when he said— " I du believe in Airy plan O' levyin* the taxes, Ez long ei, like a lumberman, ' I git jest wut I axes; I go " protection "-thru thick an' thin. Because it kind o' rouses The folks to vote—an' keeps us in 1 Our' quiet customhouses." FEDERATION is as much a " myth " now as it was ten-years since. - It is a sub •jeict upon which everybody can chatter and it is amnsing to read the addresses -which.are made from time to time on the " momentous questron." Whenever a public man has exhausted eveiy subject of importance he falls back on Federation, which has lost all public interest, and reproduces the stereotyped phrases, the old, old platitudes and generalities, ^and is lost .En wonder at the. lamentable lack of enthusiasm and apathy displayed by his hearers. It is passing strange that while the heads of the different Governments, and the 'representatives of tbe people," in all the colonies are never tired' of dilating upon the subject of federation, the need for " sacrifices?', on the part of each and all tbe colonies, <fcc., hardly a week passes without some display of selfishness and provincialism in the form of antagonistic, annoying measures, the only effect of which is to send the States wider' asunder. In a few weeks the annual farce is to be reenacted at Hobart, the " Federal Council " is to be Jield, and simultaneously a meeting of Premiers is. to take place in. "tbe little city "at tbe foot of Mount Wellington. The weather in the four other coloniea is uncomfortably warm jnst about tbe end of Janu . ary, eo that the delightful change, and the pleasures and attractions are .enhanced by the -{act that the "taxpayers liquidate the bill of costs. The name Federation is very like the Millenium ; pne,. in ten thousand->t>r. pel-hups ia. larger proportion understands anything about it ; they havj? Iteen^inld tlmt it means death to strife, and a prolonged. nd everlasting period of pjspsrity AGreek philosopher is credtd with the remark that " the mostleaatiful sight his eyes ever baheldj was _a ghost "-Federation is a gnpst jr a Will o' the wisp, and the farther ijis away, the more delightful it appars. The most' effective way of bringin! about a union of the colonies is to pake the mention of. federation aj -offence punishable with heavy penalfes. This would put 'an end to thej senseless chatter'abont a subject -whii "can* only be understood by master mnds,. and can only be- realised by a gmt Seal of sacrifice all along the line. K Customs Union, which seems "-as fA- away -as Paris is " and a civil war,' ^hich may happen some time l the next century. > may bring it about, The Tasmsnian Premier has been exerting himself to inducp his compeers in the -colonies to viit Hobart, to federate, and he anjl his co leagues show their anceritj. by. entering upon a system of taxation calculated to drive every Victorian, New South Welsman, Queenslinder, and Adelaidean out of the Tasnanian market! This may prove the emergency every one has3>een seeking in vain. 