Sermon for Sunday. Christ— the Fall and Rise of Many. By Rev. O. H, Hpubgsox. "Behold, this child is set for tlio fall anil rising agaiu of many in Israel."— Luko li. 31. Tlio great practical docttino before us is this, fbtif. wli(irevi>r.lAAiis (llirlifc nanirn. wleli wlinin- s ocrer Ho muy come in contact. He la novel- without influence, never Inoperative, but in ovory ease a weighty result is produced. There is about tlin holy child Jesus a power which is always in operation. ILo is not sot to bu an uuubsorvod, inactive, slumbering poroonago in tho midst ci Israel : but JIo is set for tho falling or for the rising of the inanv to whom he is known. Never does it mini ileal' ths Gospel but He cither rises or fnlls under that hesrluir. Thero is novel' a pro clamation of Jesus Ohristfand this is thonpiritual coming forth of Christ himself) which leaves men precisely where tlioy wore; the Gospel is sure to huvo sumo effect upon tlieso who hear it. wny ib Tins, Think You ! 1\. Is it not, flrst.bccaUBO of the energy which dwblls In the Lord's Christ, nnd in tho Gospel which now rcpresouts lllm among men! The Gospel is all llie nnd energy, Jlkoleavon it heaves and ferments with (liwnr.i energy, it cannot rest till it leavens all nruund it. It may bo compared to salt, which must pormonto, penetrate, and sonsun thut which is subject to its influence, Paul compares tho preaching of Christ to a sweot- amollhig savour. Now, you cannot say ton per fume, " Ao quiet ; do not load tho nlr with sweets ; do not affect, men's nostrils." It cannot do otherwise, the fragrance must fllltlia chumbor. Even sn, Christ must be a savour, cither of life unto life, or »f death unto death ; hut a savour Ho must be wherever Ho comes. It is no moro possible for you to rcstralu tho working of tho Goapel than to forbid the notion of fire. Htnnd beforo tbo tire, it sliull warm nnd comfort you; tlinist your hand in it, it shall burn you. Keep that lire in its proper place, it shall Sicld yell abundant scrvloo ; cast forth - tbo raornml it ahull eonsumo your house, it shall devour all that coioes in contact with it. You cannot nay to lire, " Restrain your' consuming energy." It must work hccnuso it is lira. And ao with yowlor sun. Though clouds may bide it from our sight at this moment, yet for cror does it pour fcrrli, as from a furnace mouth, its heat ami light. Nor could it ceuso to burn nnd shine, unless it eciiseil to bo a sun, As long as it ia a Miu, lb must perueuto surrounding spuuo with Its influence nnd splondour. Do you wondor that tho Bun of HtgliLoiiuaness in of yot Diviner energy 1 Do you marvel thut whother tho blaze ef His glory blinds His enemies, or Ills waimth of love dries tho tears of His friend, in every cuso there is, n distinct result, and a mani fest effect ! Never does tho Gospel return void, it prospers even la tiuit for which tho Lord hath sent it. Jesus la the Gospel cannot oenso to work. " My Father workoth hitherto, and I work." The Father in provideeco pauses not, nor does tho Sou cease from the work of grneo. 2\. Moreover, be it remetnberod that Jesus Christ and His Gospel aro matter of sueh priino neces sity to mankind, that from this cause also theio must always ho au effaot produced hy Christ, ConriilerotUermasters thut aro nf first necessity to humanity, mid my.meaniug will bocloar. Hero is tlio air ; I brcutlio it. What then t Why, I live, I oannot hreutlio lb without obtaining this grand ro-ult. Tlio lungs receive tho uir, tho blood is supplied with oxygon, liio is sustained. Supposo I refuse to breathe the air, what tlion !- Will there be nny remarkable clfeot produced t Sliull I bo sickly t Shall I bo a little faint 1 Shall I be somewhat less onergetio 1 No, I must die. Breathing, I Jive; refusing to brcutlio. I die. So tho Lord Jot u is as necessary to our souls as the atmosplicro to our bodlos. II we receive Christ Jesus wo live; wo cannot re ceive IHm without living hy Him. If will not receive Htm, wo must die. ItiBunav '-that it should lio so. You cannot rojeot tn>. -r and bo a lltalo damaged thereby: there ., nltern-ttvo but that vou utterly perlsli. Tako another nrtiolo of human necessity— bread. You shnll cat bread. It shall nourish you, it shall pro vide for you tho material of ilesti end sinew, nerro nnd bona. Refuse to eat it, and you put your lire from you. You may, if you will, try to impose upon others, but. whether watched or un-' wntchod, you shall dlo if you will not oat. So ordained 'is it by wire deoroo tliob thore is no living without food; let but the spaoo of time be long enough, and. death must bo inevitable to thaso who will not eat. Bu is it with Christ, Wlio i» the bread sent down from heaven. Receive Him, you liava oil that your oul wants to sustain it ; rejout lllm, and thero is neither iu lioaven nor la earth anything that can supplyyour soul's laolc. v I might Instance tho water that wo drink, or Indeed anything olso that in not u matter of luxury, or of mtifleial want, hut which is abso lutely needful to human life ; nil such things become operative for good or ill, according as vou aceepr. t.liom or reject them. Bo must it noces- sailly IA Jhriat, 8\. Wo may add that the position in which Jesus Christ meets man makes it inevitable that He muet have an effcot upon them. I shall not speak of the heathen who hear not of Him, nor of our unhnppy heathen around us who will not hear of Him. But concerning you who have heard of Christ, I assort that in your case tlio Lard Jesus has mot with you on occasions where to accept or to refuse was to make a crisis in your beiug. He was right iu your way. It was ono Sunday even ing when tho Holy Ghost wan with the pronator ; or it was' ono day whou your father Und Just beon buried ; or, women, it was ono night when your' dear babe had just beon tikou from your bosom anrl laid upon the bod of death. You may readily recall the occasion. Christ enmo right in your way, and you could not go round about to got from Him ; you must either that night stumhlu over Him, muko Him to be to yourself a rock of offeuuo, or you must then ami thero build on Uhn and aoeept Him as your soul's eontldenco. I believe that sueh a time of decision comos to all hearers of the Word who have ntatl intelligently heard It. And when the Holy Ghost cnnblca us from timo forth to take t'10 Redoemor to bo tho ground of our soul's confldonee, oh, what n joy it Is 1 But if we are left to ourselves to reject Christ wo-sliall not have rejected him without a strain upon conscience, without having done violence to everything good and true. Wo shall not hnvo stumbled at Olirist without knowing that wo wore stumbling nt the noblastgift of God, at the greatest token of tlio Fnthor's love, stumbling nt tho only thing whloh could deliver us from the wrath to come, and ensure us an eternity of jov. Thus, you see. bcoauso Christ comes to us at tho important orlsia at ourlifo. He, therefore, cannot bo indifferent to us. He must make us either to fall or rlso. 4\. Again, lot mo observe that tbo Lord Jesus was appointed fox this very tiling ; so Biilth the text, "Ho was set for the fall and rising itgAbi of many in Israel." It was for this very end He came. Boo tho husbandman tako the fan. You observe the heap of mingled wheat and ohaff lying on tlio floor. Ha begins to movo tho fan to and fro till ha has created a breeze of witii. What Iiaiipens! The chaff flies to the further end of tho threshing floor, mid there it romains by itself; the wliont, more weighty, rcraaius purified and cleansed, a goldou heap of grain. .Inch is the preaching of tho Gospel. Such is Christ Ho Is tho separator of those who will perish, from those wlio shall bo saved. The fan discerns and discovers, it reveals tho worth less aud manifests tlio precious. Thus hath Christ the fan in Ills hand 1 Or, take another motaphor, which wo And iu thn prophets, " Who may abide tlio day of Ills coming ! and who shall stand when He uppesrethl for Ho is Alio a re finer's lire, and like fuller's soap." You soo tho rcllnor's ilro, Notice how it burns and blazes. Now, it turns to a whlto heat; you cannot bear to look on it. What has happened! Why the dross is divided from the silver, and tho alloy from the gold. The refiner's ilro separates tlio precious from the vile, And so tho Gospel reveals tho clcot ol' Gad, and leaves to hardnoss Of heart tho finally lmpenitont. Whore it is preached, tho mou who accept it are precious ones of God, His elect, His chosen , the men who reject it nro tho reprobate silver. Mark, too, the f uUor's soap. Tho fuller takes his soap, and exorcising his urnft upon yonder piece of linen markod with many stains and colours, you see how these foul things fly beforo the soap, and the fah' fabric alouo remains. Both spots and linen feel tho powor of thn soap. So ilrth the gospel take the polluted fabric or humanity and clcanso It ; tho fltth departs and files beforo It. and the fair Alien romains. Such are tho saints of God. When tho gospel comos to them they nro puriflcd thereby, while the wieked, as foul spots, aro driven away iu thoir wickedness. Thus I have shown you that it is not possible for Christ to como anywhere without working some result. I would impress upon caoh of you that it is not possible for Christ to como to you without effecting a result in you. Christ must opornto upon your souls. Ho is set either for your fall or for your rising again. Who nro thoso that fall by Christ t 1. In Christ's dav the question was not difficult to answer. Those who fell by. Christ wero, first, of all, thoholdors of tradition. There woro certain pcrsonswho alwnys pleaded, " It was said by them ofuliltlmo." They quoted some sayiug of Rabbi Ben this, or Rabbi Beu iliat, anil these famous sayings wero praetlenUy exalted above tlio written word of God, often so us to take tho very moan ing out of tho decaloguo itself, trad makothe traditions ol men a higher authority than tho commnudmonts of God. Now, our Lord Jesus Christ laid the axe ut the root of this evil tree: for often and otten did Ho say, "It ia said by them of old time, but I say unto you," He denounced their making void tho law of God through their traditions. He took a besom and relentlessly swept away the old cobwebs of what the fathers did. end what tho snclonts said, and placed tho everlasting "It is written" above the authority of antiquity. Much such work is there for Him to do in this onr day, whou the reaching of tradition is against profaning the house of God; nnd, my brethren, Ho will surely do it, and tradition will yet again fall before the ever-living Word. 2\. There also fell by onr Lord's band ths exter nalists. Tlieso men made much of washing their hands beforo they ato bread, they thought it a great thing to make broad the borders of their garments, they wore peculiarly attentive to their phylaoteries, they carefully used strainers to keep flies from getting into their wine, lest un clean animals should touch tlieir Hps. But the Master in his Ministry made short work of them. Yo blind fools, said He, yo strain at gnats, and ye swallow camels. How He held up to soom their long prayers, and vain pretences, tlieir tlthiug of cummin, and their devouring of widows' houses ! Never could they forget the simile of tho oup and platter, washed witheut but foul within, nor tbat of tho whitewashed sepulohro, so fair to the eyo. and yet so full of rottenness. " "Woo unto you," sold Ho, " Scribes, Pharisees, hypocrites." And with that word He swept away the wholoompiro of extoraalisui, amy madn men see the vanity of oiitwardrellgiousncsswhilothehearfisunrcnewod. How foroiblonrc those words, " Not that which gnoth Into the mouth defiloili a man ; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this dofiletha man." Tho kingdom of God is not moat nnd drink, hut joy in the Holy Ghost. Oh, for nil hour of our Lard's presence to lash the formalism of to-day ; but, ho of good cheer, His gospel will do it yet. 3\. Tho Master at the same time made to fall all tho self-righteous. Thoy coneoived in them selves that thoy were righteous, unci they despised others. What a fall H> gave to such when He teld itliut famous psrnblo of Ilia Pharieoe nnd tho publionn, who wont up to tho temple to pray ; how that proud man, who thunkod God be wns not as othor men, went to his houso without poitoo ; while tlio hiunhlo sinner, who confessed himself unworthy to lift Ills oyes to heuven, wont to ills house justified of God. Oh. it was a grand swoon the Muster moilo of eolfrightcousness in the days of His flesh I "Why, ono would think that whore Christ was the Phiirisco must have half wlshod tu pull oil his phylactery, and hide tho broad boraur of his garment. Small matter for his pride was it to stand away nud profess to be better tlinu other men, while Jesus of Nazareth tore off the mssk and revi-ttlod tho heart. 4\. Jesus our Lord was also the fall of tlio wise- ncrcsofHtaday. Thoro wero tho lawyers ; thoy know ovcry point ; thoy could discern in umomcnt what should be and what should not bu according to the fathom; and thoy hndiiavay of reading every precept of Moses so as to mako It monti just whatever yon might please, according to tbo length of you purse. Then there were tho soribes; what diligent students had they been. Thov knew liow many letters thore were in tho wholo law, and which was the middle lettor, and which the middle word. They know the sl/.o and length of each book, and thoy had writteu notes, mttchless for wisdom, upon every pas- sago; and they wero expert in muddling tho Minso of every pnssngo aud making the words mean what thov wero never intended to tenoh. Diligent students of tho letter these doctors of divinity, these scribes of Christ's day, nnd yet He nonplussed them with a question so simple that a child should bs able to answer it—" David lu your law called the Messina Lord, how Is Bo then his son!" Thoy could not reply to Him ; nnd it thoy had boon able to answer thnt one question, yet could Ho hava asked them many mora by whloh their ignoranco would hnvo been discovered. He was their fall, ns He will ho at this day tho fall at all tho hoastfultv wise for " Ho taketh the wise in their own craftiness." 