MR. PAR GITE. THE GHOST. When I first knew Gwendoline Gilbert I very nearly fell in love with her. At that time I had a penchant for healthy looking girls ; and, being young. I wis an ardent admirer of the British blonde. Gwendoline Gilbert was Ilygeia herself ; Emma, Lidy Hamilton, when she was in the service of Doctor Graham, the quack, could not haye looked the part more thoroughly than did Gwendoline. How I adored that girl! At that time, you know, Mtr Burne-,Jones hadn't invented the yonng lady with the tonsly hair, the ungainly attitudes, the green complexion and the prehensile toes ; so it was quite permissible to admire a girl who looked like the goddess of health. She was a parson's daughter; she hadn't a penny in the world, Nir John Tomlinson was the member for Ratcliff Highway, and had made pots of money by the adulteratica of the poor man's beer-I beg his pardon, I take that back-I mean by his improvements in the art of producing malt liquor of a superior description. He came. he saw, he conquered; of course he did. They were married, they started on their honeymoon. and I went to Herne Bay for a fortnight in a huff, and wrote my celebrated monograph on " Sonr Grapes." Lady Tomlinson was nice, beautiful, and, as we all know, as good as gold. She was by no means inclined to en courage society philanderers; and from what those gentlemen called her' stand off" way, and from a certain disinc!ina tion toward gossip and scandal and small talk, and private theatricals and music halls, she got the reputation of being rather stupid. At any rate, in spite of her beauty and her husband's millions, Gwendoline was not altogether a social success. Now, husbands, as we all know, are brutal persons ; they have a nasty trick of not mincing matters with their wives, and of calling a spade a spade. "Look here, Lady Tomlinson," said Sir John-he always called her Lady Tomlinson--" you don't shine in society; you're not a dancing woman, nor a talk ing woman, nor a political woman, and you ain't littery. I wish to heaven you'd develop some sort of individuality of your own, Lady Tomlinson." Lady Tomlinson retired instantly to ner Donaoir ana nau a guuu wuy. x u. three whole days 'did Lady Tomlinson brood and meditate, and then she sent for Mr Pargirer, the painter. Mr Pargiter hastened to present him self at Palatial Crescent, VW. SMfr Pargiter."said Lady Tomlinson, "I want to paint-I want to paint in: oils." " )b, certainly, Lady Tomlinson !" said Mr Pargiter ; and he smiled, rolled his eyes, and rubbed his hands and bowed. Mr Pargiter was too much of a gentleman ever to contiailct a lady, beside being a popular art teacher, with . ,a t nristnrat.irc cnnnpctinn. There fore, hle would have said " Oh, cer tainly !" if Lady Tomlinson had wanted to learn to dance on the slack wire. " I want you give me lessons, Mr Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson. " I mean to exhibit at the Royal Academy,' said Lady Tomlinson; " I mean to be a distinguished amateur, and I want yonu to show me how, and give me lessons." " Oh. certainly !" said Mr Pargiter. "Pray name your own terms," said Lady Tomlinson; "expense is no object, but I want the whole thing to bn a secret from my husband and my friends, Can we begin to- morrow ?" "Oh, certainly !" said Mr Pargiter, once more. Then Lady Tomlinson handed Mr Pargiter a cheque for a substantial sum, and requested him to attend at ten o'clock the next morning with what she called the necessary outfit. Next day, at ten precisely, a four wheeled cab containing Mr rargiter, a large easel, several canvases, numerous brown-paper parcels, and a lay figure, drew up at the Tomlinsons' house in Palatial Crescent. Mr Pareiter was shown at once into her ladyship's bo-n doir. ** Now. Mr Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, when she had welc3med the artist, " I should like you to paint me an ideal head." He stare I at her, and suggested that the usual way was to begin by drawing from what he called "the round" in charcoal. ' You won't refuse to oblige a lady," she said. 'I'm snre I shall learn much more easily by seeing you work. My idea, you know, was that you Ehould paiut and I should look on--ust at first, you know. till I get my hand in." So Mr Pargiter began to paint tle head of what he called a two gninea rustic. Mr Pargiler was accustomed to dispose of heads of this description to Wuggles, the frame maker and pictnre dealer, for forty-two shillings. It would be labelled : "Original Oil Painting, by Pargiter, .~ e.71 " I want you to leave the background till the very last," said Lady Tomlin son "Oh, certainly !" replied the artist. "I believe you artists," said Lady Tomlinson, "often smoke while: you' paint. Are you a smoker, Mr "PY-r giter ? ' "I work twice as well when I smoke," said that gentleman; and there was a knowing twinkle in his eye as he said the words. Lady Tomlinson left the room ; she returned with a box of Oabinet Partagas. "£These are what Sir John smokes," she said ; "pray make yourself at home, M?r Pargiter." Thlt cgentleman took her at her word : he. worked away for four hours at his rustic head, and he smoked no less than seven choice cigars. Then he received permission to depart; and as he Walked home he. wondered considerably, lfo Lzdy Tomlin.on had been engaged upon a three-vo'ume novel from Mudle'A mor ing the whole of the-well, lessotni : However, it'i none of my busihess, thought Mr Pargiter, wh'`w`as a'-phi losopher ; "and besides, she: makes`' ii ornn my WIie. It took . Mr .Pargiter four "sittings " to Knish that rustic head. When it was quite done he remarked tc Lady To'-. lineon that there was nothing more to do than to tmudge in a background of burnt sienna. "That's where I come in," said Lady Tomlinson.- "If you'll do the edge of the background in all the little in nd Out.places round the head I'll, finish it." They caridd out that simple: pro grammo. "Now, there's nothing left but to sign it, I suppose," taid her ladyship. S Exactly so," pid Mlr Pargiter. Aol re ?'onk a little eque?ze of ivory black on rh. ',ointbof a small brash and was about u afih 'the magic name of Pargiter. " Let me try," said her ladyship. She took thebrush from Mr Pargiter hand, and in great sprawling letters she wrote in the right-hand corner of thr picture, " Gwen. Tomlinseon." " Madam," said Mr Pargiter, with a low bow, when she had finished, " you're a genius." And then she placed an envelope in the artist's hand. " 7 can trust you, Mr Pargiter?'' "-hs said, in those soft purring tones of hers. Mr Pargiter laid his hand upon hi: heart, gave Lady Tomlinson- 'wihat looked very like a wink, and assured her, in solemn tones, thartshe could. '1'in ~A.n .. ar.?.-1 r7.a r.'P. r l'na;nn was "'At Home." I was there.; I am an art critic by profession, you know. On an green plush easel, draped by a hearvy curtain of green plush, stood the rustic h~ead in an eight-inch gilt frame. I dor't know what the head was worth, lijutthe frame was cheap at a five-pound note. -' What do you think of it," Mr Sqorcher, bleated that innocent lamb, Lady Tomlinson, to me. " l'e just got it home from my frame-maker's, and it'0 the first of my efforts that I've had the hardihood to show to my friends." I compared it to arenze. I said it reuinled me of Madame Vigeo Is Bran, and various other artists. Next spring they hung it at Burlington House ; they hung that two-guinea Pargiter, and we all went into ecstasies at the private view. Bnt the measitre of Lady Tomlinson's in;qbity was note yet fell. She pulled down the wall papers from her boudoir, and she decorated the walls of that apartment with an extraordinary compo sition- ot trees, lowers, sunsets, wheat .shaves, and good-looking children and girls,gunier the superintendence of the villain. Pargiter. Half London went to see it, SSirý' Jhn Tomlinson is justly proud of his Wife. -She is an artistic light now. She has only to take a young artist by the hand and his fortune's made. " i'm very fond of Lady Tomlinson," said Mlr Pargiter to me the other day ; "she throws a good deal of work in my way."" __ 