Well Playfed. CHAPTER XIX. CoNTlXCKl). Hemudu a desperate effort to | to mv something at liis surprise nnd delight o! i seeing her hack from London perhaps — but his J lips onlv trembled, and finally txmclring his | iiand to liis hat, lie w healed his liorsc about and; rode off. t It was e etranpre meeting to take place be tween two engaged people. , Ar;inquishod by conscience and the truth dor once," weltered Cecilia. - She found herself trembling violently when <ho came to think of heravlf again. She Couched bar'fiorse with her whip nnd lie galloped off in a direction opposite to that Vivien had taken. She was determined 1o ride off her fciutnnss and liCArt-sickncss, mid snccecded so well i, hat vrlien the grooin Vimir. to tube her animal at the door, on her return, he secretly fgmnibled at the horse's condition, while its mistress had qnite a color in her cheeks. It was luncheon time when Cecilia had laid aside her riding-habit. "I daresay I shall not be allowed to send for Basil 'to help me pass the afternoon and evening," grumbled Sir Hastings, as he Was helped on John's arm to the table. Cecilia did not wish to hare the subject dis- »ctissod before tlic servants, and said, pleasantly : ' Oertamly, papa, send for hrm if yon like. I am better to-day." " It's a vronder be hasn't found out that we «re at homo." 44 He Las' found it out, papa. I met him iwhilc I was retf riding." " Ah, in&eed.; Then I suppose he will come without being sent for." The young lady doubted il, but did not say o. 44 1 will de the "beat 1 can to amuse you until Sir. Vivien's nrrivai, papa," she said ; 44 talk to yon, read to yon, anything you chose this after noon." Sir Hastingg gave his daughter o sharp look. <Hc had beeiuvm onensy nil the rooming, angry, uncomfortable, in every wav drstnrbed. Had 'the chit repented of her bravado, and she was trying to make peace ? She got her little box oT silk floss nfter luncheon, and "followed him into fire Irbwry, where she drew up a low seat near to hrs, -nnd 'chfitlett to hihi% wliile she "bnslcsfl her finger with Iter embroidery. Tiioy -talked of their trip to London, nnd of tho news in the paper — the subject they thought of was avoided. ! They had been thus nicely settled tibont IibU an hour, wheu'thay heard a well-known knock ing at the grertt hail door. " TJierefc .Vivian," cried the old bnronet, de lighted. 4,I wonder how .lis will meet me," thought Cecilia. ' She had bchcYod that she had permanently .disabled this veteran of the world. The servant ushered him into the library. There was no alarm aud no tell-tale dread "in his eyes now ; they met her with a bright smile. " My 'dear 'Cecil in, how happy I um tn have fbu "back so soon! Since tlic world is full of surprises, it is well that some of them are hnppy ones. Was that yon I met in tlic "fog this morning ? I could not trust my senses so thought I would ride over to tlic manor-house .and see. I am glad tn learn iV&t; I not de ceived. Sir Hastings, how jfo you dp — down with the gont agaim? 'Alas I you have my sympathy. You mudtciaim uiy services ho help you pass the time." 41 J3ufc you are not looking irell>'3asiL" 44 Am I not 7 Then I lay it simply to Miss Crevelling's absence. I kn«<w I was wretdied,1 bat I did not know tlic effects < of .her absence were so apparent.'' 41 You do well foblnsh at such flattery, CecH." .remarked her father, smiling. Arret! streak- bad 'darted into each of Cecilia checks. It was a scarlet flush of anger nt the visitor's audacity. She bent over her work, sadly tangling the bright flosses, and said, nothing. £ir Hastings had a hard afternoon's work. He did the best that the bungling third party could do to bring about a bettor understanding between the two 'Others. Mr. "Vivien -seconded the effort -wrth some very tender looks, which tOociiia would not- eee. fjhe just 'kept steadily on with her dribroidery, answering mow and then when absolutely compelled to-; but she, showed no signs of the morning's storm, and 4dr that btt/atherwas grateftfl. He could not see tbh mask which the lover wore, and which was so palpable to the grrl. ! Twice she had met lilm near the lighb-honsc, when he acted as jf flbe were a ghost on meeting tier. Why did he make these Secret excursions to ihat -place? lBy -Jake's help she was finding out, and ut i twas .this knowledge coming to -her little by tittle which made her say to her father what she had that morning. Bat .she did not yet know all, or yet half, fihe only knew,. and felt, as she 6at there, iliat no earthly power should ever comj>el her to marry the man whose eyes watched her, as abe bent over her embroidery. At the same time, as she believed fuller re velations would nome is -time,, a lie resolved to submit outwardly and say ho »uore at present Abowt 4 o'clock of thpAbprt, gray November afternoon rain began "to « plash flgaiost the; window. A jew momenta afterward another knock was heard at the hall door. Tlie servant brought in a eard and handed it ti 6ir qstingu. He looked fit, and Dircw it down angTily.' - ' What does that puppy waet of ae after the way he hae.iro&tedimG;' 44 Who is it, papa ?" 44TiiafceIl<»w who left me right in the midst of the harvesting— young Velaaky. Come to beg a faror, I'll be bound." It happened that Vivien looked at Cecflia when she asked who it was. His' eyes" were" etill on hff when tlie answer came, and lie saw,; and. understood, the lovely blush which no- «ffort of hers could keep Iron spreading over Iier sweet features at the snrprise of hearing tliat oame. and knowing that Jasper V«lasky fitood in .the hall At aight of lier, blushing and nnablc to keep her blae ey« fr<OT«3fipTcjng nhder fiis, a deep #»d JlBsli;psrered licr .virgin Jusli on the pale face x>f 'jtiasiL He fiaw Ue truth which he had beforeauspected. - ; i Wreteiress of Crevdling Manor 'loved this' BP Viiuch ahe dejnod him, iWl.Jjeifc was itiore work to be done, arm '.her oncmy to 'be cleared jaw Ay dh,4he d'fti t'lilt path' to Miss Crovlinga lienti. e't. \- Tell liiiti to call in tlw morning tft-fiine, if lie's anything to say," was .the gruff answer sent-oiVt in'nnsivcr to Ja&pe9; caril." Basil prompted this answer by leaning over Bnd.Avhis|rrtig in tiro bunrnet'sr : 44 'I Imvc 'strnietiiing of importance to say to you before you see this person." CHAPTER £X. "'Afe UtKK At LltC-" ' ' At riric'thc'iicxt morning Jasper presented diiiiiscif , in Sir ijastinp Crcrelling'-g business frQorn— «no longer tlfc ijijdicnse fcqtt&re; hall in which, during the early , years of the ancient manor-lotisc, business and ihaticfc were alike administered, but n small office off the servants' dining-room. The "baronet did not keep liira long, in suspense, but came in witii .just tlie least inclicatiori of a nod, nnd stood haughtily woitingto hear his ex -agent's errand. 44 1 came in hopes that you might be induced fo take ine back into your service, Sir Has ting," a little anxiously, but .not servilely. 41 Take you hack, Mr. Vclasty ? Not at all ; never. You played me a almbby trick, sir. I can find plenty of men to do my work without calling on those Diet don't snit mo." 44 1 left von abruptly, I know, but my en gagement with you was at an end. I did not leave until the year bob out. I wonld not have gonens I did but for important, very important business, Sir Hastings. That business is now transacted, and if you have no one in toy place whom vou prefer to me, I would like to come back. 1 will come at -any wages you may be pleased to name." 4lNo doubt, no doubt," answered tbebaronet, with a contemptuous smile. 41 Yon willbcglnd to cotncYor no wages nt all, Mr. Velcsky, Bat let me tell you that n friend of mine has opened my eyes 1o your little gnme ; so now I have but a word to add. It is this: If I catch you anywhpre on my place again I will give orders to 'haw yon kicked -off. Is that plain enough 7" Jasper had looked surprised when Sir Hast ings began to speak ol his little game, bat his surprise was forgotten in the indignation with , which he heard Die insulting "conclusion of the baronet's answer. His eyes flashed fire as he said, in fi low voice : 44 Sir Hastings, if you were not an old gentle man I sboald treat von to a dose of the medicine you threaten to have your servants administer to rue." Then,. lor fear that he might be tempted to lay bunds on her father, begot out of the office us quickly us jiossible. Jasper hnd plenty of patience and some- humility, hot there was a spark in his sonthem natu re. jdiich it was not safe for others to i kindle. To r»e Continued. - 