THE NOVELIST. [CoPRtIGaT.] TALMTUD[; A-Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia. FOUNDED ON "NATURAL FACTS, IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XXL.-(CONTINuED.) "The two. blacks did ,not remain long. After the chief had gloated over me and roughly turned me about to see that I had not tampered with the fet ters, they went back as they had come, holding, their torches above their heads. !' Hour after hour I lay in that agonized state, and at length- my \- numbed faculties were tardily aroused by what must have been a tremendous noise, but which fell upon my torpid ears as a mere whisper. : -'T?lt'ssifseb ai'heariig1idi hli ost ?t?fsailed me, and even that of sight was l fast leaving, yet the latter was the stronger of the two and I could see amidst the glare cast by twenty torches a band of sable executioners coming up the queer passage in which I lay. Tihey were followed at a short distanceby the youths of the tribe, between fifteen and twenty, and further back came a num ber of females. Of course. I need 'scarcely tell you that amongst the can n ibal aboriginals of Australia the women are never permitted to eat of the human Sfeast, but they are always invited to the killing of the victim, except when the latter is done on the field of battle.. As I saw the crowd coming, along all this rose before my mind in a most vivid manner, and I concluded that the end of my sufferings was approachinig ".."1 had often heard it said that just s before death the faculties 'are extraor dinarily active and clear, and from that smorning I believe it. Ahhost coma tose as I was, the knowledge rose be fore me that I was about to die, and, as far as I can now judge, it did not'cause .me any terror or regret. ,. " Woosai led the saviage band, and I 'saw as they approached that they,had smeared themselves with warpaint iii the shale of clay. None of the warriors carried spears, but each of. them bran .dished a formidable nulla, and some how I thought it was a natter of perfect 'indifference to me whether they clubbed or speared me to. death. No doubt I was losing the sense of physicial feeling and that must have deadened the men tal faculties. 'The men ranged themn 'selves in line as well as the limited space of. the place would allow, and next. thein' came the youths. who had not yet bcen admitted to the privileges f full ,uiaqhood. F.iurther back than ?tlihlijatlr the iwomen were drawn upI in :iinAmrhzniain phalanx. "Standing close to me-the proposed victim-Woosai began to talk and ges ticulate in a loud and violent fashion. I knew nothing of what he said or meant, and perhaps it was as well I did not. It might have been that the white man had done himn or his tribe some irreparable injury and he was seeking in 'his own way and according to his lights to avenge the wronig. At the same time I was not conscious of having ever injured him, or even any aboriginal of the continent, and-my heait was filled with undying vengeance against him a vengeance that blood alone could "quench." "And you settled the score in: that e fashion, did you not?" asked Strang- t way.' es': Y ; ten years later I' avenged the torture the chief inflicted onm"ne, and after that I felt that a horrible memory -had been swept away for ever- from my I braiin',' cdntinued O'Malley.' h ,.:;!.After: a' long !marangue tteJ :c.lief. walked routind riily' prostrate tform u floirilshing his. club, and he was fol lowed by. those next' him in rank or -honor. A kind of. hoarse rythmical chant was meanwhile'kept up not un like the accompaniment to an ordinary corroboree, and each moment I cx 'pected the fatal plow to fall. I was kept in this fearful suspense for what . must have been fully an hour; but at last the action of the chief convinced ine that my end had come. " He advanced towards me with his nulla raised on high as if to strike-and - I 'am quite certain that was his object \--but an extraordinary thing now hap pened. I was lying quite resigned to my fate, for pain had numbed my feel ings, when an awful cry from the females, who were, looking up the cavern or iitncl whilst the miales had their backs to it andti were facing the entrance, made all pause. " Firomn my position I could see the ghis ipoilting back, and as the men turnied they looltked for a moment and tIhen miade a wild rush for the entrance. 'lThecy sprang over me like antelolpes, inid in a few imomnents the cavern was q aite emplty. "lThe chief, Woosai, was partly carried out, but lie soon recovered hinsclfl , and, with a guttural cry, I saw Shim running back apparently to des patch me. During this time I could hot understand the cause of the sudden flight and was namazed at it. Woosai was not inore than twenty feet froml mne, when fromt out the solid rock it seemed to me stepped the strangest figure I had ever seen. "The contrast to the sable chief was of the most startling character. A tall, thin imanii clad illn whitishI robes and with a face even whiter still stood bc side me. In the semi-darkness his eyes gleamed like rubies, and the whole aspect was supernatural. 'The ghosts of our imagination were repeated in the figure, and as I looked for a moment on the apparition I closed miy eyes and mercifully became unconscious. Whilst O'Malllcy was talking Stanley and Strangway exchanged meaning glances, and thiq former at length said: "Do you remember what we saw in the cavern, Strangway? There must be some connection, I should say, be tween O'Malley's saviour and that ex traordinary being." "teinemeber!" repeated Strangway. " Yes, as long as I live; it is burned into my memory." " What are you talking about, lads ?" asked Mills. "A strange adventure we had in those same ranges our friend is telling us about. We did not mention it to you before because we could not quite understand it; in fact, we could not make it out at all and preferred to be silent about it as probably it was only mere imagination on our part," respon ded Stanley. "It was no imagination, as you will learn," continued O'Malley. "H-ow long I remained in that swoon I never knelw, but it must have been a long time and the period was an utter blank to me. V'hien I recovered [ was con scious that an extraordinary change had taken place in my condition. "At first in the weakness of my state I thought 1 must be in that other world beyond the grave of which we know so little, but from which there is no re turn." . . *i*'1 You" wre 1u0'tthere, it is quite cer taih ?". interjected the squatter. '" No; but I was in a world almost if iot quite-as strange to us as the unseen spheres of spirits, and since that awakening I have been dis posed to fully believe the saying, that there are more things in heaven and earth than is dreamt of in our philosophy. I have proved that the secrets of the earth at least are sealed to huimaiity in numerous ways. "The light which surrounded me first attracted' attention. It was not sunlight or moonlight I knew, but I could riot define it; it was soft and balmy and filled me with a sense of profound calm. I next found, with something ot wonder and gratitude, that the fearful pain which had pre viously afflicted me had disappeared. I involuntarily raised my hand to my shoulder to feel if the broken spear was there, but found, to my infinite re lief, that it was not, but in its.place was a soft bandage. Then as my senses fully awoke I began to narrowly scan the surroundings. The couch I was lying on felt remarkably comfortable, and I noticed that it was as soft and springy as an air-bed. I could not examine it at the time, but later on I did so and was surprised at the in genuity with which it was constructed. "Glancing round, the size of the chamber next demanded attention. It seemed to be limitless and looked as though I was lying in the open air, yet I well knew it was not so. I could see translucent beams and sheets of soft radiance in every direction, and the roof of the chamber appeared to reach the sky. I afterwards found out this was only an.optical illusion but one that had a material object in view. and rendered immense service to those who carried-it but. My eyes quickly'be came accustomed to the strange light, and then I noticed that I was the only occupant of the vast chamber. "I might as well here explain that the place was not by any means vast but only made to appear' so,. and though iimply done the effect both material and lestlitic was excellent. ' ' ' "When I began to recover Isaw t hat the place was really an oval cavern lot more than forty feet in- its longest t ncasurement. The roof was about the isae height, but, I can assure you, that A ' person lying on his back on a: plain nd looking up at the vault of heaven t vould not believe the latter to be larger ban I did the chamber in which I iwoke to consciousness. With little Ifort---a fact that surprised me even u hen-I-got up on my elbow and r cered around. -.- ' , ,- -:, :" The place was absolutely tenantless 1 ave by myself and I marvelled at it. ly wounds felt as though almost healed ind then it occurred to me that I must lave been weeks in the unconscious mider the spell 6f some magician, orimn - he lhands of a wonderful scientist s killed in the use of drowsy herbs, such t iepenthe could not have come to mce." "And may I ask you," interrupted dtills, "if you had been in an uncon- r cious state for long? Did you ever I mid that out ?" "'Yes. Later on I discovered that I vas nearly six weeks in a trance, or t athcr it could not be called a trance t :ondition; for though my brain was I isleep my bodily functions continued -and, in fact, when my mental and nervous faculties awoke I was almost t cured of my terrible injuries." " That is a most extraordinary thing," the squatter again said. " Yet it is absolutely true, as you will hear," continued O'Malley. "After looking round the chamber for some minutes, I lay back on my couch and began to think thle matter over. The only recollection I hliad of past events was the attack made by blacks on Stuart's camp and my capture and sub sequent agonies. I could remember the influx of natives into the cavern where I lay and the strange antics they carried on, but no further could I get. The hideous form of Woosai was ever before my eyes, but as I continued to think the matter out memory began to weave the thread of circumstances, and at last like a flash of lightning the store house of my mind was illunnined witli the figure of the strange white man. "I turned my head in alarm at the thought and beside ime stood the ex traordinary being whlom I had before seen in the black cavern. As I gazed at him I made an effort to speak, but he made a gesture of silence and sud denly left me." CHAPTERI XXII. Tilli I1URIIED SEA. "As one mentally and physically paralyzed I watched the slowly retreat ing figure of the white apparition, for so far I could not quite comprehend that my visitor was a being of this world. The whole thing seemed so unreal that my doubts were scarcely to be wondered at, you will say. Waking from the long trance in which I had lain in a place such as my eyes had never before rested on and amidst sur roundings appearing to nic weird and unnatural, perplexity and wonderment were what might be expected. 1 saw the figure as it got farther away accele rate its pace, until in a few moments it appeared to almost fly across the seem ing vast chamber, and theli with asharp turn to the right I lost sight of it. "A few moments after two figures entered the place and came siifily to. wards me. Of course it was the op tical illusion of great distance which made the movements of my visitors appear so rapid. I soon discovered that their usual gait was slow and solemn. "The second visitor was diflerent from the first inasmuch as a long white beard depended from the chin, whilst the face of the first was quite bare. The garb, too, of the newcomer seemed to my unaccustomed eyes of richer material, though it was of the sanme style as his conpanions. "'On reaching my couch I wasea: sured by the kindly look wlel'etie two beings bestowed on me, TonO at least was no itdication bf',ftiri,& ism. The ghostly pallor of thle hrvs was to ime strangely impressive, whilst the eyes--more ruby than pink in'?tlor -considerably heightened the effect. " Regarding me for a few moments, the second visitant took from his com panion a small brazier-shaped vessel containing what I took to be white colored herbs, and by some means, which I did not detect at the time, ignited them. " Swinging the vessel over the couch a smell not much unlike hysop stole upon my senses and I felt.a delicious languor fall upon me. Gradually the figures standing by the couch became more and more indistinct, until at last they seemed to melt away in a lhite haze, and I remember no more. " When I again came to my senses I felt stronger and my faculties were on the alert. As before I was alone, but the chamber was now somewhat fani liar to me and I began to discern that it was something like a cavern or an oval room so arranged with mirrors that it extended into infinity; I sat up on the side of the couch which I found was set upon legs and sides of white rock. With an effort I tried to stand, but was so giddy that I was fain to seek the aid of the couch, Then I noticed that the clothing I wore when. taken from Stuart's camp was gone and garments somewhat similar to those I had seen on the two mysterious visitants replaced them. They were not so loose. nor quite so ample, but were soft and pleasant. I noticed that they appeared to be knitted or woven, and very skil fully so. . , "I felt for the wound on my shoulder but it was almost healed, and though I pressed it hard could not-feel any pain. . This. was, indeed, a marvelldus transformation, and I souglt-tt thik what had happened.: In vain I racked imy brain. No theory I could advance or build uip'would account satisfactorily for my position. But a day or two previously as I thought Stuart's camp) had been attacked and I wounded al most unto death and carried off- a prisoner by cannibal blacks. ' ." The fearful journey to tihe side of the strange river where the waterfall was, rose in my mind,'and then the scene in the cavern with the natives dancing and gesticulating around me were conjured up. I remember the flight of the blacks and the appearance of the white appari tion anid also my awakening. But what did it all mean ? " Common senie told. me, through my wound being almost healed, that unless a miracle had happened the aight attack on the camp must have oc :urred a month or more previously. Yet, what caused the blank in meiimory during that period? : "There were no famous hospitals or physicians in Central Australia to work nuch a transformation. Perhaps, re Fronthe 'naand c onveyediT south, but the absiurdity of the supposi tion at once struck -me. Such a tre mendous journey could not.have been made without 'my knowledge, and, moicover I knew what a British hos pital was like. ' : " The mysterious place I was now in did not bear the remotest reseniblance to such an institution, and neither did the queer attendants. Perhaps it was a phantom:.hospital with ghostly nurses and doctors that I was an inmate of. I actually pinched myself as this thought flitted through my mind to spe if I were living or dead, but soon con eluded that I was very much alive. "After sittihg in an upright position trying to think out the problem of my .whereabouts for more than half-an hour, the giddiness which at first afflicted me through being so long re cumbent partly passed away. When I stood up the second time I could keep imy feet, and as I made a few steps away from the couch the sensation of walking was quite a novel one. I made towards the apparently far-distant wall of the chamber, but as I went forward slowly it seemed to approach me rapidly. At first this was bewildering, but I sooin grew accustomed to it. " It was with no little surprise I found after taking a dozcen steps that I lhad reached the wall of the cliamber. A short examination convinced me it was formed of polished stone and arranged in peculiar convex surfaces. The stone -or rather tile **lrin rock-was, I should say, granite, but it was veneered over in a remarkable imanner withl thin flakes of crystal. " I was trying to fix my attenition on it to distinguish whethler it was natural or artificial in formation, when a reflec tion canght mny eyes and turning I be held the two beings approaching. " They reached the couch as I turned and stood tihere apparently waiting for me to return to it. Something in their mien, or mayhap a peculiar attraction, drew me back and slowly I went towards tile spot and sat down on thie side of the bed,-(ro is comut'INU,) Z' I, 