[?] ^{Copyright.) COLLEGE JACK. 1 HRMUBKlBt.R, YET TRUE STORY OF THE Penal Records of Van Dieman's Land. By CAPTAIN LAC IE £ CHAPTER VII. ' That is a practice we are not al lowed to follow, and besides it would not be just. Some of the worst crim nals we know have turned out really good fellows in service. You can never tell who is likely to be faithful and who treacherous. Mixner served you well for more than a year, and it was only after that scoundrel, College Jack, came to your place that the tragedy was com mitted. I can't even now get at the motive of the crime, though such cool, calculating ruffians must have had a motive, I'm sure. It would be as much as my position was worth. — though I don't value it much — to go about backbiting the assigned servants. If it were generally done no man could reform,' concluded the constable. ' That is right enough : but the authorities ought not to send such bloodthirsty ruffians to respectable people. It is bound to lead to misery,' interjected John Edwards. With a low laugh the constable pro ceeded to explain that it was not pos sible for the authorities to take such action at the outset with men whom they knew so little about, but his dis course was cut short in drastic fashion by. a musket shot, the bullet of which cut into a tree beside which John Ed wards was standing. This effectually terminated the con versation, but the men gave a savage cry of delight for they concluded the stern chase was now almost at an end and they wondered at the cool courage of the two fugitives in throwing down j the gage of battle to the five pursuers. At first Edwards thought they were not aware of the numerical strength of the foe, but this idea was in a little time dispelled. In a moment the men had thrown themselves behind cover and the fight was fairly commenced. The puff of smoke which rose about three hundred y*rds to the east showed where the enemy was located and quicklv the pur suers were converging on the point ' We'll never be able to get across to that place,' young Tom Barrows said, as he crouched beside the con stable. ' There is a rent in the rock there twenty feet wide and immeasur ably deep. They have got the advan tage of us in that as we cannot follow them.' ' Why didn't you tell me about that, Barrows, this morning and I wouldn't have gone in for tossing up the coin. We should have taken the eastern side, you know,' came the reply. ?' Why should we ? I think we were very lucky to do as we were led by the shilling. If we had come to the east these fellows would have shot us down. It was pure luck that enabled us to get to the top of the cliff without being shot. Besides, had we come up on the other side we might have found the foe where we are now, and I don't suppose it makes any difference to a person who has to cross an abyss whether he stands on the east or the west side. What do you think. Miles ?'' ' 1 rue for you. Perhaps we have done the best, but if these fellows beat a retreat where can they go to ?' replied the official. ' I don't know of any place, except the seacoast, and that means passing my house and two other homesteads in Falmouth. They would not do that, and no doubt they mean to die here or put us under. They are making a last stand and it is a darned, sight better than fleeing night and day before the pursuers. That must be horrible. I would like to take one or both of them alive, Miles, if I could and ascertain who killed my father and why it was done. Couldn't we manage it some how ?' asked Barrows. ' I daresay, unless the skunks com mit suicide, and that they are scarcely likely to do. Tarleton comes from a good family I believe, and the idea of dying on the scaffold would not be palatable to him in view of his family connections, though I think he should have thought of that years before. He is a fellow who will hang on to life as long as possible and only give up the ghost when he can't help it Mixner will not take his own life either to cheat the gallows, so if we play our cards well ?we may be able to secure one or both of them alive,' responded the constable As they were speaking the two men had gradually forged nearer the spot whence the shot was fired from but so dense was the cover up to the point that there was no chance of getting a shot at the approaching foe by those on the opposite side of the chasm men tioned by young Barrows. The next hundred yards, however, was very dif ferent ground. There only an occa sional rock jutted out of the plain and behind these the attackers had to seek cover as' best they could. During the advance the constable and Tom Barrows kept within a few feet of each other while John Edwards and his two brothers were about ten yards to the south. When the ground be came more . open this order was prac tically unchanged, and the five men kept on until they were within fifty yards of the chasm. Up to that time not a shot had been exchanged since th * first solitary bullet was fired, and thfe pursuers had almost come to the conclusion that the fugitives had aban doned their position when an incident occurrect which none of jthe paitjr fdr-, got to the latest day of t&eir; litres. The locality'on the east adfe of the pDyss sloped away Almost from the great, Trent which appeared to be struck out of the solid rock. For a. space of fifteen feet or more this bare rock ex tended back from, the guif, and as the men were crawling forward a solitary figure appeared on it For: a moment Tom Barrows and the three brothers stared at the figure as though It were a phantom from another world, and then with a wild cry Barrows jumped from behind the rock where he lay and rushed towards the abyss. The con stable, seeing what occurred, lay in his ambush and levelled his rifle over the rock, but he had scarcely 'done so when a second report was heard from the op posite side of the barrier — a puff of smoke rose almost in the same spot as the first one and as Griffin looked he saw Barrows stagger and fall. ' What in the name of all that's good does it mean ?' the official said, as simultaneously with the fall of the young man the brothers sprang from their cover and with vengeful cries ad vanced. The constable was the only man who did not lose his senses, for as the three young fellows advanced he saw Mixner come to the edge of the scrub and resting his musket on a log began to aim. Miles Griffin was too quick for him. Before he could pull j the trigger the rifle cf the constable cracked and the bullet with unerring accuracy imbedded itself in the fore head of the bushranger who with a last convulsive movement pulled the trigger of his weapon as he fell back but it ex ploded harmlessly in the air. At the same moment the form of Mary Edwards, for strange to say it was her, retired into the scrub while her brothers stood waving their arms fran tically on the edge of the chasm and ! calling on her by name. It was no wonder they had temporarily lost their senses for the spectacle of their only sister in the company and the power of the slayers of her father and the assas sins of her lover, to say nothing of the dreadful night of the tragedy, almost paralysed them. What could it all mean they were mentally asking themselves as the voice of the constable fell upon their ears warning them to be careful and seek shelter as Tarleton was yet to be rec koned with. They heeded him not, and the official seeing his entreaties were in vain made his way to the spot i where Tom Barrows had fallen. He was stone dead and the constable al most gave a sigh of relief as he re cognised the fact. ' Poor fellow ; it is better it should be so. The thought of his future wife in the power of that double-dyed ruffian would cause any well meaning man to go mad. He is out of his misery, and the fellow who did the merciful act will never have to dance on the end of a rope,' he went on, grimly. ' But what on earth can be done ! The girl must be saved from a cruel death if possible. I must get her brothers calmed and dis cuss the position,'' he concluded, call ing again to the young men. This time they appeared to realise the situa tion and the three came towards him. he marvelling that no bullet was sent after them from the other side. John Edwards and his two brothers stopped when they came to the corpse of their luckless friend, and kneeling beside it the brothers sought to find a spark of life remaining. Whilst they were doing so Constable Griffin knelt behind a rock close by with the muzzle of his rifle across it and watched with the eye of a lynx for any appearance of the foe. He was ready to take a snap shot on the instant: ' No enemy showed himself, and after a couple of minutes the brothers left the body and went over to the officer. He never before witnessed so extraordinary a change in so short a time. A look of hopelessness impos sible to describe had settled upon them, and even their very voices were altered. They had lost the vitality which pre viously characterised their speech and action and now in a kind of dull, apathe tic despair seemed to resign themselves to the inevitable.' 'You saw her, of course,' John spoke in a low tone to Griffin as he came up. ' Of course I did,' responded the latter, repeating his words, ' and now is the time to act What do you mean, friends, acting as you are doing ! We must get your sister from the clutches of that villain and that without delay. We can do nothing for poor Tom yonder except to send up for the body. I believe the outlaw can only get down the eastern side of the mount and we must follow. Can we not get round the barrier ?' and Miles pointed to the chasm. ' I don't know. Stay, there is a pas sage about a quarter of a mile to the north,' answered John Edwards, with a slight gleam of interest ' Come on, then. There is not a moment to be lost. We can talk as we walk, and, look here, don't be exposing yourselves in that manner. Follow me : one dead man is enough surely. If you have any love for your sister shake off the apathy which is on you and act — act, I say !' almost bawled the constable, as he hurried on. His spirit seemed to be imparted in some degree to the brothers, for as they pushed along the despairing indifference which had hitherto characterised them became less apparent, and they began to take a more common-sense view of the position. ' I have no doubt these two cunning scoundrels must have doubled back oh us somehow and carried away your sister by force and I think I can tell the reason of the act They meant to hold her as a hostage for their own lives and in case we should come up with them make a bargain with us by exchanging their prispier for their owq lives and liberty. It was a bold plan but one that will not work. Mixner is dead or I'm much mistaken, and we have only, one to reckon with now. It should; not be difficult to run a solitary outlaw to earth even in these parts: By to morrow he should be in our grasp, and with God's help your sister may' be safe,' Griffin explained. ? ? 'I can't make it out at aU, Mary would sacrifice her life rather than aid the assassins in the least possible man ner, and yet her appearance on the rock to-day lured on Tom Barrows to his death,' answered John Edwards in a gloomy tone. ' If men will act like lunatics they must expect to suffer. How did the girl know she was luring anyone on ? Indeed the fact of showing herself ought to have made those who loved her more cautious and careful of their lives. Dead men cannot .rescue dis tressed maidens, you know. If it hadn't been for me one of you would have gone under before Mixner's mus ket. You all acted like madmen, and for want of a little coolness poor young Barrows has gone to his grave and can never render the girl help. Don't lose your presence of mind again, friends,' moralised the unimpressionable official. It was, of course, all very well for the constable to speak as he did, but had he been similarly placed to the four men he might have acted in precisely the same fashion. Indeed on the pre vious night John Edwards had given signal proof of having a cool judgment and a steady nerve. They had now reached the far end of the chasm and quickly they crossed and found themselves on the eastern side. Turning to the south once more they went in the direction where it was ex pected the fugitive and his prisoner — or probably victim as the brothers thought — might be found. The con stable had no thought that violence would be offered to Mary Edwards for he was convinced the girl was being kept, as he stated, to if possible save the life of her captor. For once in his life Miles Griffin was woefully mistaken in his ideas and calculations. ' See to your rifles, lads. It is just likely we will bring our fugitive to bay about here, and if he shows fight we must be ready to act Barrows wanted hiin taken alive, but if any of you can draw a bead on him fire and let us end this work. It has gone on long enough, and I have my reputation to look after whilst you want revenge,' the constable said, as he crept cautiously on peering behind every rock and tree likely to afford shelter to a foe. In this way they came opposite the point where the body of Barrows was* lying and this ghastly mark gave the constable the clue to where he was likely to find the corpse of Mixner. Extreme care was necessary as if Tar leton was in a desperate mood he might be able to shoot down two or three of his foes from an ambush before he could be despatched. Fortunately, this deadly alternative did not present itself and in a few minutes they found the body of the bushranger in the spot where it had fallen. The mark on the forehead showed death must have been instantaneous and bore excellent wit ness to the deadliness of Griffin's aim. A short examination was made of the deceased but nothing was found on the body calculated to throw any light on the events of the past few weeks. They were still shrouded in mystery and they were no nearer a solution than be fore. When the examination was finished the four men began to search the scrub for any marks which might show in what direction the surviving bushranger and the girl had gone. In fact it was not without trepidation the brothers looked about, for they expected to find the dead body of their sister not far away. In their opinion her death was certain for the discomfited outlaw would be sure to sacrifice her as the girl might prove a hindrance to his flight It was not without a feeling of relief the three men finished the quest with out finding that which they dreaded and yet expected to discover. Not so with Griffin. He ran hither and thither until his diligence was rewarded with a sign that told him the fugitives had passed that way. ' It was a small piece of dress material attached to a thorny scrub. The hard ground at the spot prevented footsteps being distinguished but the crushed leaves and broken twigs proved almost as eloquent. With the acumen of a black tracker the constable led the way, and while the brothers marched one on either side and the other behind him Griffin went silently but surely on. Soon they came to a softer ground and there the direction of the footsteps proved that the party was on the right trail as the feet pointed downwards and not to wards the chasm as Griffin was half afraid at first they might. It was just possible without the guidance of the footprints that he had struck the trail by which they had ascended the moun tain. With growing apprehension the brothers saw the shadows of nightfall, and when it was no longer light enough to see the track the four men were re luctantly compelled to call a halt and pitch camp for the night -£ I have half a mind to make for poor * BarrGws's house and let them know there what has happened to him so that the body can be tfcken .down as, quickly as possible. Perhaps., too.. I ; might gef: some information which would throw light on my sister's pre-' sence on the mount with these mur- : derers,' said John JSdwafjfe shortly after nightfall. ' It would almost be as much ,as your life is worth to do any such thing. The country between here and the home stead is not very safe, and besides there are three constables on guard there and your first salute would probably be a bullet If you stay with us we will most likely clear up the mystery about your sister to-morrow. We are on the trail and if it doesn't rain I don't think it is poesiblg to miss it The body of poor Barrows wiU jjot come to harm be fore ; to-morrow — and atty&Qw; the men at the farm-house would hot go fyjr it to-night ; Indeed Ahey couldn't do so. I can understand your impatience, but it is scarcely likely those at BaTrows's place could give you the information you seek. Wait utjtil to-m'oiTOstr, John, and r bope all ' wUl jyet Jje wdl/' aa sweced the .constable. jC :,y -To be CoNmyfiD.) 1 