9 MMBJijnJB^i. My Lifetime. .,' .. -. - By John Hollingghead. No. XVIII. Thackeray, unlike Dickens, was not a methodi cal worker. He doubtless had his stated hours for dradgery — I doubt if he ever loved -writing for ?writing's sake^-but he could generally be called off his task by any tempting proposition — a . stroll to see an old house once famous as the residence of an author, an artist, or a notoriety. Tffi« story or essay, written on little elip3 of paper in a 8mall neat hand, was easily folded up and put iri a side pocket, to be pulled out during the day, when the time and place were favourable. He would take a quiet table at the Athenaeum Ciub, and go on with his fancy for an hour, and move, later in the day, to the old Girriek Club in Kmg-street, Covent Garden, where, if the whim seized him, or he was not seduced, by the amutdng conversation of his friends, he, would get into any corner, and, taking out his precious bundle, would carry his fancy a little further. The old Garrick, I imagine, was his favourite club— the place he visited most in the evening. The new Garrick in Garrick- street — the same club, but a new building — was not completed till after his sudden and lamented death. - He had- the honour of being rejected at the Travellers, -and the ruling majority gave as a reason that they were afraid of sieing themselves in some novel of the future. If the Garrk-k was his favourite club, its neigh bour, '.' Evans's ' Singing-room, in Cjvent Garden, was his favourite resort. Thackeray had a small, following at the Garrich, and, heading these, night after night, he made the underground singing-saloon— which had sat to him with the '?Coal Hole' arid the 'Cyder Cellars' for the portrait of the ' Cave of Harmony ' — the most popular smoking-room of the club. The choir of boy choristers, who were surpliced in the day at a £rea't' ' Roman Catholic church, and eang in evening . dress at night in an atmosphere of baked potatoes, devilled kidneys, mutton ciops, g'm, beer, and tobacco, were special favourites with the great author. Hje .suffered from a painful internal disease, and the music relieved him. Tne glees of Bishop, Pureell, Neidermeyer, Pearsall, and others had always justice done to them by the boys and their grown-up companions, accom panied by a piano and harmonium. The pre siding genius— the hoBt and proprietor — was a well-known London character called ' Paddy ' Green, who in his younger days had been a chorister at the Opera House. He was a ruddy, cheery, affable, prosy, middle-aged gentleman, with ? a face the colour of a tomato, and a big snuff-box' which he offered to everybody. The saloon was liberally decorated with oil-paintings, some few of : them good, and many merely rubbish. They were supposed to be a homogeneous collection of' theatrical portraits, but I have a strong suspicion that . they were collected hap hazard, and arbitrarily labelled with thenames of old actors and actresses. I fancy I recognised in King, the comedian and original representative of Sir Peter Teazle (whose crutch stick, by the way, I gave to Mr. Henry Irving), a counterfeit pre sentment of the -Hon. Stuart Wortiey, Lady Mary Wortley Montagu's husband ; and in Pnilip Astley, the equestrian manager, I sometimes saw the face and clothing of Charles Lamb, or a dis senting minister of the period. Like Thackeray, I had a strong personal affec tion for the place, but for a different reason. 'When Iwasa boy, about 14, adorned with alarge Eton col lar, I got in one night, or rather early one morning, with my faithful companion, Moy Thomas, who i* my own age within a month or two. Toe place then was less than half its present size, being con fined to the banqueting' hall of Admiral Lord Orford's mansion. The garden at the back was not then covered with the big saloon, and con tained two cottages, which, were generally Jet to members of the dramatic profession 'who 'wvre engaged at Drury Lane, Covent Garden, or the Hay market. Ooe of these at one time was occu pied by John Philip Kemble. ^Here. many of his famiiy were born — and notably Miss Fanny . Kemble. When. ., the new saloon was built (about 1854), part of this Kemb'e cottage was left untouched, and tne staircase still exists as a ser vants' entrance to the present N iliqnal Sporting Cub. ?-? ?. ; :' .. ':'- -,?'?,?-'?' '-. ??' ? -'' The songs sung at that time (1842) were pro bably in harmony, wlijih the taste of the period, . but they were of the kind which fully justified . Thackeray's attack t«p6n them in his description of the 'Cave'olHaf^o'ny.r' One cause of this was, perhaps, the '^acV that ladies were not admitted, r was turnedout :? with my companion by a chartered, Tnffij{in. at the door named 'Skinner,' wliose language was quite in har- - mony with p the' place, -land whose insolence was punished one night with * blow that marked him . for life. These .were the manners of the time. Nothing daunted by ' our ~ expulsion, we found refuge .in another harmonious Bewer— -the. Cyder Cellars fin Maiden Lane, at the back of ;~ the old Adelphi^heatre'. .Here the entertainment was of the! same kind^ andlweVere just in time (about 2 a.m.) to hear the song of the Evening, ? which 'was then -the song of the hour and the hallelujah of the; town;? It was called 'Sun Hall,'' and the singer waa^anAngloit'ish come-. . dian of considerable power name! Soss,;. His chant was thatftf.avliimney-sweep on the day before he was to^be hanged ^foi: murder. He was a defiant, blasphemous cMnSey-^&p;— a ©oarse : agnostic — with -'a determination to lather his crimes on those who made him. Without know ing it, be was anticipafing a Schopenhauer philo eophy, which was then in~ the womb of .time, but to be born befi-re-th« 'singer ended his days, under my managepneni as chorus-Binger, at the Gaiety Theatre. Boss Bat crosslegged upon a chair leaning over the back, with his face glaring at the audience/ He told his hearers how he hadlived, if not exactly fattened, upon crime ; how he had robbed both ~greit and ^mall, and at ? ?? the end of each verse he damned his own eyes until this very straightforward phrase became the ' catchword and refrain of the convivial early * morning. Mr. Boss, unlicensed as he was, and - subject to no Court or magisterial censor, was neither better nor worse than his age, as some years afterwards I told my friend, Mr. Pigott, the licenser of 'plays, when I nearly arranged for Boss to give us a private taste of his old quality. Thackeray's liking for Evans's was more cul tivated than mine, and based upon his passionate I love for the last century. Evans's belonged to ] the seventeenth nearly as much as it belonged to I the eighteenth century. It was the connecting link between the old Cj.-ent Garden coffee-houses — the Wills and Buttons — and the mnsic-halls of the present. As a mansion it dates back to 'William the Third's time, and has a carved stair case of 1691, which cannot be matched in Eng land. Its most celebrated resident perhaps was Admiral Lord Orford, who defeated the French at La Hogue, and who had the convent garden, not then a market, in front of him, and a view of the Highgate and Hamp3tead hills, across the foot of his garden, behind him. On the terrace, still exiefciug, when he came out to bask in the southern 6un in the morning, he often found a deserted child, rolled up as a bundle, on his doorstep. He was quite equal to the occasion. He sent all these children to the parish to be main tained by the rates, but gave them the generic name of Piazza., leaving the Christian, prefix to the taste of the vestry. In Hogarth's picture of 'Morning' — one of the four prints, 'Morning,' 'Afternoon,' 'Evening,' and 'Night — the architectural frontage, unaltered for nearly three centuries, appaars with ' Tom King's' coffee-shop, and the front of the church of St. Paul's, Covent Garden ; bat the great painter made the singular mistake of not reversing the picture on the plate, *o that the mansion and the coffee-shop and church are made 4 - ange sides. These, and a hundred other sir i;t.rian memories, served to endeartbe placs to ! ; « -eray, for it was a material link between the -! \r of the old Gjrrick Club and the more beloved days when Queen Anne lived and reigned,, and allowed Sir Christopher Wren to do his beat to deform our Westminster Abbey. I nevf r saw as much of Thackeray .as I did of Dickens, but what I saw impressed' me with his gentleness and cHarity* Ear from being a,; cynic, he was more like' a great good-natured schoolboy. I eaw him enjoying himself one night-at Dtury Lane, seeing a gunpowder piece by Boucicault, _ called, the ' The Siege of Lucknow,'/ which he', could have criticised severely if he had 'felt so dis posed ; and on another day I was walking with him through the Industrial Exhibition of 1862 (with which I was officially and journalistically con nected), where I noticed, or fancied I noticed, that, he did not speak to Disraeli, nor Disraeli to him, ^ although they must havej3een each other passing through, the building. He corrected me kindly, but without patronage or pedantry, on many points on which I was wof ully ignorant, and particularly in my misapprehension of a Russian poster, the alphabet of which at that time was to me a jumble of unknown symbols. He had a somewhat comic Irish secretary, the very antithesis of his em- ' ployer, who had acted partially in the same capacity for Thomas Carlyle, and who told me that in casual conversation the Chelsea philo sopher had approved of my actuality papers in Household 'Words in preference to many of what he called 'Dickens' s Word- Spinnings.' The secre tary, I have reason to believe, had some little faith in me, and when, with a boy or two and a 'jjpuhd or two, he tiud to start an advanced paper in 'Birmingham, he' secured my adhesion as ' Our O *n Special London Correspondent.' I cannot 'say in this par) ioujar that he made an unpractical choice'; for,, although I was ignorant of many things, particularly ;the Russian language, I knew -and still knbw every house and street hi what dear old Morning Advertiser Grant called ' The Great Metropolis.' Kuo ring Thackeray's weakness for the Queen Anne period, I am afraid I played npon it, I was - one morning in Taackeray's study in Onslow square — a large room .made by throwing- two apartments into one:: The wild Irish secretary, (Thackeray always had asneaking kindness for the Irish) was writing at«.one table, near a window,, and Thackeray was taking a short rest on an irpn* truckle bedfitead— a regular Duke of Wellington's tent bedstead — which, ? with no beastly luxury in hangings and other frippery, was placed' against a wall in- the back-room, or alcove; I held forth upon the 'stucco' style of English 'domestic architecture, with its porticoes like four-post bed- . steads?, its dull regularity, every house like every other house, every dining-room like every other ? dining-room, so that when one dinner was being' served, a dozen other -similar dinners were -being served at ibe same time in the- fame manner. It was not a case, of only one party in a parlour — air, srleiitj and' all damned, but of a dozen parties all alike, atjd ~ all cursed with the same intolerable ; uniformity. 1 put it to Thackeray (I must admit, yery rudely) that a man who had written so much agdiuft stucco and Biker- street respectability ought to behoueed in a mansion of wholesome an iaquiry, which, if 'it cou'd' not boast of a 'ghost, could, at least, produce a history. Thackeray was always so kind and so ami ible. that .he encouraged impudence like this, and he encouraged it still more — probably because itamustdbim — by asking where he was, to go to find my ideal dwelling P I had written an article in the Comhill called 'Ideal Houses.' /T at once suggested Cheyne Walk, Chelsea, the terrace that in the old days boasted the possession of Djn Saltero's and the celebrated bun-house; Thackeray strode up, put on his ?walking-coat and hat, and offered, to go. with, me -and explore the neighbourhood, which he doubt less; knew better than I did. The walk was not fat, and we were not bothered by gaping hero wowhippere; Thackeray was not as well adver tised and as widely known as a portrait celebrity as Sickens. We found a large neglected empty house .near the, centre of .the; walk, eilier - nearin^ the expiration of its lease or waiting .jEor^ja lepairing'. angel -tenant to take it. The period^WBs all -tight, but it was a decayed antique. The staircase, the oak panels, the long, smaU-paned windows, the lofty ceilings, the iron work worthy of Seville, the over-doors, and all the well- known Queen Anne classic features were there, -chut worm-eaten with neglect. It might have been* a house, like many of its family ; in various parts of London, neglected and despised, and allowed to be let out in tenement as anything but a model lodging-house. The garden was a yard, with damp stones covered with moss, black in some .parts, and a poisonous green in others ; the furrowed red -brick Eou.h wall, instead of being covered with ripe phams^: was draped with sooty, rotten ivy, and the caretaker had stretched an old knotted clothes-line across the yard, which gave a dash of moiern poverty to the signs of ancient decay. The place was a cross between a quadrangle of Haddon Hall and the back premises of a house of pretension that had ' seen better days.' ' The great historian of the * ' shabby genteel ' shuddered. The place, he said, sug gested murders, suicides, and crimes of violence. My 'find' was an admitted failure, but I am afraid it had its effect, or rather the flippant argu ments had, with which I led up to it. Shortly afterwards Thackeray built himself , a spickand span new modern antique Queen Anne mansion in Kensington Palace Gardens, in which he spent much of his hard- earned money and the short remainder of his valuable life. The CornMU Magazine was started, Mr. George Smith taking charge of the business arrangements to allow Mr. Thackeray a free hand for editorship. It was avowedly to be written by scholars and gentlemen. The staff was collected from the four corners of the world of literature and jour nalism. An honest attempt was made to discover or invent ' new blood,' but it could not be pro nounced a success. The scholars and gentlemen answered to the roll-call, but the scholar was not always combined with the gentleman, or the gentleman with the scholar. I was, or tried to be, a gentleman, but the less said absut my scholarship the better. I owed the honour, as I consider it, of being selected as one of the original staff, -with an engagement for a year, entirely to what the sporting men would call my ' public form.' That ' form ' was known to Thackeray, as I have before mentioned, but my training and stable were somewhat ' dark.' Thackeray put me through an almost fatherly examination, in the course of which I mentioned Hoxton. Taackeray asked where Hox ton was, which raised the back of the proud Hox toaian. I mentioned something about its being as well known as the Cape of Good Hope, and the duty of knowing all parts of the city we live in, neither unduly admiring one part nor exhibiting a false aristocratic contempt for another. I mentioned Stoke Newington, where Defoe died, and was not surprised to find that Thackeray's topographical knowledge was governed by people mor-i than places. After a little conversation he found that my connection with any college, except the everlasting streets, had no existence. I was frankly brutal, and brutally frank, and might have been a Brummagem Carlyle in the way I addressed my future (No. 2) editor. ' You write a very pure style,' said Thackeray; ' may I ask where you learnt it ?' '?Mostly, I am afraid, in the street?,' I replied rather impudently; 'from costermongers and skittle-sharps. My model may have been the firbt chapter of Genesie, which is composed chiefly, if I remember rightly, of words of one syllable; anyway I rarely use long worde, because I am not sure I always understand their m'eaning, and sometimes there might be a difficulty about the spelling.' This was hardly diplomatic language from a yonng contributor to a great and able editor, but Tnackeray was incapable of taking offence where none was meant. Speaking to his wild Irish secretary afterwards, I believe he put it down to my constitutional nervousness and excite ment. He was quite right. ' Cheek !' is often the offspring of bashfulness. The staff was completed, and on a given night we were all invited to an opening dinner — a sumptuous repast given by Mr. George Smith; Mr. Smith, at that time, lived in-3rloucester-placej Hyde Park— one of the many bewildering '? Gloucesters ' lhat bother the alien and the stranger in London. The house, was the one in which the fraudulent banker,. Sadlier, had lived, . and the dining-room was '.the one from which he - sallied forth early one morning with a silver cream,, jug and poisoned himself on Hampstead Heath. My family doctor killed himself in the same way near the same place about 20 years afterwards. When we scholars and gentlemen were an ', nounced, one after the other, and entered the draw ing-room, after shaking hands with Mr. Thackeray and Mr; Smith, it was 'Halloa, Jack,' 'HaJloatJeorge,' ' Halloa Bill,' and 'Halloa Diok, Tom, and Harry!' We were all known . to each other— were all representatives of the eame market. v One or two' new corners were visible, like General Burgoyhe (since dead) and Captain Allen Young (now Sir Allen Young), then just returned from the Artie regions in an abortive attempt to discover the remains of Sir John Franklin. The rank and file, however, were the good old rank and file; the experts, the craftsmen who had learnt the trick of the trade, or were born with pens, ink, and paper in their months, Thackeray ' at once realised the situation, and, as the Ameri eaus say, immediately owned up to it. Standing rwith- his tall, erect form on the hearthrug, and with, a merry twinkle behind his everlasting spectacles, he said: 'I see there are only acsr tain number of regular cabs upon the stand, and whether they are bad or good, rickety or other- ? wise, we must make the best of them I ' 