Cuaitek XTV. ?? For men tan' mu-J-. n-onu-n »ascn luiuils. And therefore are Ihe.v fon..cl of niaHifc «UI The »^ak upi-re:)='d' the i'-ll'^*sio'1' u1 3tra'^ ' Is formed in lli-_iu ^i ion*; by Inud, '***}? - Tbeti tall Ibdii not the nuttiuiu oi thur iu. Inclination would have taken Theodore Dalbrook to Doractsuire before the Christmas holidays gave him an cicuse for aoiug home : but wnatled with thai hanutius d^ire to re visit tbe Priory, and to be afttin ul- ' M ?with hiscousin in the dimly-li^hVed room where islie had talked to him of her on u sorrows and of his ambitions. Tbe memory of thar last evening was the most vivid element in his life. It stood out like a spot of light against the dull grey of monotonous days, ana me burden of drv-as-dust reading. But be hau wld her that be should uot see her until Christmas time, and he was not week enough to indulge that insane longing for the society of a woman whose heart was in the grave of her husband. November aud Ihe greater part of December stretched before him, like a long dark road which had to be trodden somehow before be came to the inn at which there would be luibt and comfort, cheerful voices, and friendly greetings. He set his face resolutely towards that dark prospect, and tramped alou£, doing the work he had to do, living the life of a hermit in those chambers in Ferrit court, which had already taken the stamp of his own character, and looked as if he had lived in them far years. He had no need to sit alone at night with his books and his lamp, for there were plenty of houses in which he wonld have been wel come. His name was a passport in legal cireles. OW friends of James Dalbrook 's were read; to welcome his kinsmen to then tables, eager w be of service to him. He had bis college friends too in the great city, and need uot have gone companionless. Rut he iras not in the mood for society of any kind, old or young, except the society of Blackstone, Coke, and Justinian, and divers other sages who out of the dim oast shed their light upon the legal wilderaess~of the present. He sat by his fire and read law, and laid down his book only to smoke Ins meditative pipe aud indulge in foolish wakiug dreams about that grave old house in Dorsetshire and the young widow who lived there. He had followed two of those three children of the old squire, two out of the three faces in the picture in tbe hall at Cheriton, to the end of their story. No man could discover any postscript to that story, which in each case was closed by a grave. There remained only one last unfinished record, the history of the runaway wife, the cud whereof was open u- doubt. Tkut uu lueky lady's fate liad been accepted upon hearsay. It had been said that she had died at liouloguc, within a year or so after the Vicar met her there Upon bis return from Jersey, Theodore had written to bis father's oldest and most expe rienced clerk, begging him to hunt up the evidence of Mrs. DarcJ-'s death, so far as it was obtainable at Cheriton or in the nei'bbour- hood. The clerk replied as follows, after an inter val of ten days : — ' Dear sir. — I have been twice to Chcritou, aud have made inquiries, cautiously as you wished, with respect to the report of Mrs. Darcy'u death, some fifteen years ago, and saw tbe doctor, Mr. Dolby, and Jasper, at the general shop, w ho, as you are no doubt aware, is a gentlemau who busies himself a good deal about others people's affairs, and sets liimsulf up for being an authority upon most things. ' Mr. Dolby I found very vague in his ideas. He remembered tbe late vicar telling him about having met Mrs. IJarcy iu tlie market place at Boulogne, and being shocked at the uhauge in her. He told Mr. Dolby that he did not think she was long for this world ; but it was some time after when Dolby heard someone — he could uot remember who it was— assert, that Mrs. Darcy was dead. waster Iiatl much more to say upon tbe subject. He pretends to be interested in all rcmiBiaceneis! of the Straugways, and boasu, 01 having served Chcritou House for fifty-five years. He remembers Kvelyu .Strangway when she was a lit tie girl, handsome and high spirited. He remembered the report of her death at Boulogne getting about the village, and he remembered mentioniui; the fact to Lord Cheriton at the time. There was dn election going 'n just then, and his Lordship had looked in to consult him, Joseph liaster auout certaiu business details, ; and his Lord' sliip seemed shocked to hear of the poor lady's death. I suppose that is the end of the family, my Lord :' (ia»ter said, and hi* Lordship rc|ili---d, ' Yet, that is the cud of the SI ram-way*. ' 'faster believes that I,..- must have read of the death ,n the newspapers : |lcr|up5 c0|liej from the /?,/;«* into a local ,,dUcr : at any rate the fact had hi.pl.intvl itself in |,is mind, «.!!.( ii hid cever occurred lo hie to doubt it. 'I a,ked him if he knew what had become of Ihe lady's iiusban.l, but lure his mind is a blank. He had heard that the man was a scamp, aud that was all lie knew about him 'Since making These inMuiri« 1 luv«spH1i ?h'™8 'ening at the Literary lii»titV. in volume., extending over a pe.rto.1 'of foTty three' ? V k ^ '''''^ ''= 'i'''^ ''' SK ^'M^/lUrcyVS 'aX middle yew out of three, but without' result It is of course unljkely that the death would be advertised if the poor \\*Ay died friemilesi, and in poverty in a foreisn town ? but I thought it my duty to make this investigi tc'Awaiting your further commands, 4c, There was nothing conclusive in this : and Theodore felt that the history of M»^«^« later years remained to be unravelled, i wiT not to be supposed that the runaway wife ?T if .he were vetUving mnst be an elderly won^;»ulTnlJ-eactTpartu.«he murder which connected the catastrophe of the 29th of July with tbe exiled Strangway*. When he could say to her ' You see that long before that fatal uight the Squire's three children Evanished from diis earth,' she would be Strained to confess tiiat the solution of the mystery was uot to be songht here. He weiit over to Boulogne, saw f«c English chaplain, and bcveral of the hot*l -keepers. He explored the cemetery, and examined the record of the dead. He visited thepoUce, and he made friends tfith the elderly editor of an old-estAblished newspaper ; bat from nil his questioning of various people the result was blank. Nobody remembered a Mrs. Darcy an Englishwoman of distinguished ap pearance but fallen fortunes, a woman long past yonth and not yet old. If she had lived for any time in Boulogne she liad left no traces of her existence which could be discovered ; if she had died and been buried there she had left no record among the graves. Boulogne could tell him nothing. He came back to the great wilderness of London, the rallying point for all wanderers. It was there perhaps that the end of Evelyn Stntngway was co be sought. He had, as it seemed to him, only one cine, tbe name of her governess. The governess was only seven or eight years older than the pnpil, and she might have survived her pupil, and might have been in communication with her till the end. Ja«per Crane had told him that there was a strong attachment between Sarah Newton and the wayward girl she taught. thousands of portionlesB gentlewomen who try to live by teaching might seem more hope less than the proverbial search for the lost needle, bnt Theodore did not despair. If Miss Newton had remained a spinster and had continued to exercise her vocation as a teacher she might be traced through one of those agencies which transact business between governess aud employer ; but, on the other hand, if, as was more likely, she had long ago abandoned the profession of teacher and had made some obscure marriage, she would have sank into the vast oceau of middle-class life, in whose depths it would be almost impossible to discover her. The first thing to be done wau to make a visitation of the agencies, aud this task Theodore began two days after his return from Boulogne, He had methodised his life by this time, de voting a certain portion uf his days to his the work he had to do for his own advance ment- He had known too uiauy instances uf men who bad made reading Ltvr au excuse {or an idle and desultory life, and he was resolved that his own course should be steady and per sistent even to doggedness. He had been told that success at the Bar was nowadays almost una.ttaioa.blc ; that tbe men of the day who had conquered fame and were making great fortunes, were in a manner miiaculoua men, and that it was futile for any young man to hope to follow in their steps. The road t/ictf had trodden was barred against the new comer. Theodore listened to these pessimiste, yet was not discouraged. He had lold biui belf that he would emerge somehow from the obscurity of a country solicitor* practice — would bring himself in gome vise nearer the social level of the woman he loved, so that if in the days to conic one gleam of hope should ever shine upon that long hopeless love he might be might be able to aay to her ' My place in life is the place your father held when he offered himself to your mother ; my detcr minatiou to conquer fortune is not less than his. He bddoui passed the dingy door of th« ground-floor chambers— on which the several names of three briefless ones were painted iu dirty letters that had once been white— with- out thinking of his fortunate kinsman without wondering what hia life had teen like in those darksome rooms, and in what shape fortune bad hrat appeared to him. He had not ?named until he Mas forty. Long and lonely years had gone before that golden summer tide of his life, when a young and lovely woman had given him htppineu and fortune, riow had he lived in those loue years ? Tradi tion accused him of miserly hab.ta, of shabbv raiment of patient grinding and ucrapiag t'o accumulate wealth. Theodore knew that if he haJ hoarned his earnings it had been for a w«.rthy end. He had set himself to win a 1 heodore had uothing hut admiration for h£ ineouTe-b.m -Seroul m 'imuu'ter ? jj«1!e ^patron the someti.ue inuT had ^ He spent more than a week iu visitiu., the numerous agencies which are einploycdbv the KLTrptrirn11'1 '^ L*P*' We,, & .^VfiurfEJ i^£ than four Miss Newton? t '° las' wards, when Mint! Palmer, the principal iii the agency, last heard of her. ' And in all probability she is living there stfll,' said Miss Palmer. 'At her time of life people are not food of chau-je. I remem ber tier when tslie was a younjj woman, full of energy, and very impatient of oontroL L used to see her much oftcner then Shu seldom kept a situation over a twelve uionth.' ' Except at Clieriton Chase. She was more than a year in that situation, I think. ' 'Cheriton Chase ! I don't remember the name, someone else may have got her the situation. How long ago waja she there, do you suppose ?' asked Miss Calmer, turning over one of her neat basil-bound rcgisten. ' It was in the ycax '47 she left Cheriton.' ' Ah, then, it was not us who got her the situation. My first entry about her is on the 11th December, '48. She paid her entrance fee of one guinea on that date. It is higher than that of inferior agencies; bat we take real trouble for our clients, and we make it oar business to be safe upon the point of character. We are as careful about the families into which we send governesses as ?iUoat the governesses vrc introduce into families.' The next day was Sunday, and Theodore employed that day of rest in travelling by a. very slow train to Bowness ; where he arrived at five o'clock, iu the evening, to find mountain and lake hidden in deusest gray, and an inn keeper who Beemed neicher to desire nor deserve visitors. Happily the traveller was of the age at which dinner is not a vital question, and he hardly knew the toughness of the steak or the inferior Quality of the codfish set before him in the desolate coffee room. He had a diamond Virgil in his pocket, and he sat by the fire reading the sixth book by the paraffin lamp till ten o'clock* and then went contentedly to a bedroom which sug gested ghosts or at least night- mare. No deadly visions troubled him, however, for the slow train had brought about a condi tion of abject weariness which resulted in dreamless slumbers. The sun shone into his bleak bed-chamber when he awoke next morn ing, and the bike stretched beneath his windows, ghiningl silvery, melting dimly into the gray of the opposite shore. The moun tains were sulking still, and only showed their rugged crests above dark rolling clouds ; stony vista and distant glimpse of a. murky Thames as seen from Ferret Covrt. His landlord greeted him iu u more cheerful spirit upon Monday moruing than he had evinced on Sunday evening when hi* after dianer Ietliargy was rudely disturbed by a guest whose business-like air and small Glad stone bag did not promise much profit ; a visitor who would want a. diiiuer off the juiut, most likely, and a half-crown hrcaklusi: a. visitor whose libations would be liimu.il u» bitter beer and an occasional whisky :iud shkL to hibernate, was a burden nulicr (km a This mumiiiL', however, the laudlor.1 Wd* reconciled to his twlitary customer, liaviu^ told hit wife that after all 'Hi tic n'=Ji arc sweet,' and be went blithely to order I he please out of the season -to Jrivc Mr. Dal brook to KettisforJ Vicarage, a nine mile journey. It was a pretty, old, out-of-tlie way nook — half hidden in a cleft of the bills- at which Theodore arrived a feu* minuted nfier no-m ; a little old-fashioned, wurld-furgultcn vilUgc, and a sprawling old grey stoue houot', covered with Virginia creeper, passiou- llower, and tfic feather}* leafage of the trumpet ash ; a loug low house with heavily thatched roof pro jecting over its upper casements ; a sleepy - looking old house in a still sleepier garden, so remote aud tso sheltered lhal winter had forgotten to come there ; aud the jjreat yellmv roses were still blooiiiiujj on the wall, fattened by the misty atmosphere of the .-uljaraiii Like. glorified by the uuuinted air. KowiiiUtwiui half over, yet here the ouly si^us of Autumn were the grey sky, and the crimsuii glow of the Virginia creeper. The Vicar of Kettisford was one uf tiiosu privileged persons who can speak with their enemies at the gate, assured uf being backed up id their speech by a family uoutiugciu. The Vicarage had an. air of overflowing » it h young life, from the very threshold ol the lull, where the cricket-bats, a tricycle, a row of well-used tennis rackets, a stupendous asmy of hats, overcoats, and comforters, testified to the uuiverf ill so esteemed in the (ixt ri archal age. the Harmonious Blacksmith apou a wiry pi.un. near at hand, havinij left the door wiJe upi*n, with the indecent disregard of oilier penplt peculiar to juvenile performers upou all kitiU of instruments. From the other oi.i-- of i Ik hall came llic twanging «f au cjually ^ii) 'uitar, upou which girlish riiiger.s ln*^au, ;niil for ever re -commenced a Spanish inclo- j y , which the performer was tatriving to J-U.iin l»y Ladies a^ ' picking u]-' *» air. M irk, 'Ru*4w, whilL the learned anu reverend Haweib tuu- to say upon (his art of playing by ear. aud youri' laughter: and amidst all these bounds it was hardly surprising that Mr. Dalbrouk had lo rim; three times, and To nj.ii in front of the '.pen ball d.wr for at Ie«ol ten minotcs, before au elderly housemaid re sponded to hu summons and ii*Iu-rcil him into age which was ever tit io receive a viait-wi*. The Vicar was readim: a ucu-apapirr in Mont of a comfortable tire. He wa*au d.li-ily i ? of genial and even jovial aspect, and h« re ceived Mr. l-n.lbrook'a apoln^etio i«:i;t*u»t i-f himself and his business wiih perfect good ' You want to see Miss New ton, my dear sir. I am sorry to tell you she leit us nearly two years ago — heartily sorry, for Saru.li Newton is a very worthy woman, and a jewel of l-n- .. motherless family like tnin-- ' said the Vicar. ' I regret that you should have catne such &\- long way to fiud her when, had you written to me, I could have told you where to look for her in London.' out making preliminary Liquifies — only, as ihc had uot applied t« Uei- usual aguut for a ticw situation, I concluded that she was still under your roof. ' ' She hflfi not gone into a new situation, Mr. Dalbrook. ^hc u-as too much valued iu ploymcut, although she might have lived more luxuriously aud done less work elsewhere. She was a mother to my girls — ay, aud to my hoys as well,— while she was until us; ami the only left us when she madt up her mind to live an independent' life.11 ' She has left off teaching then, I conclude 7' ' Ves. She bad a little bit of money left by a bachelor uncle, safely invested in railway stock, and yielding a.boat two hundred & year. This, with her own savings, made her au in dependent woman, and she made up her mind to realise her own ideal of a useful life ? au ideal which had been developing in her mind for a. £ood many year* — & me 'which was tu be servicablc to others, and yet plcasaut Lo herself. ' 'Do you muaii thaL she ha-s joined some sisterhood ?'* 'No, no, Mr. Ualbrook, Sarah NcwUui is much too fond of her own way, much too in dependent and fiery A spirit, to place herself iu a position where orher people uoulti think for her, and where she would be obliged to obey. She told me her plan of life very frankly. * I have about two hundred and sixty pounds a year,' she said, 'lean live comfortably upou half that money, if I lite after a plan uf my own ; and I can do a great deal of good with the other half if I do it in my own way. I am elderly and plain. If I were to live amongst small gentilities I should be a uobody, aud in all probability I should be considered a bore. I shall take a lodging in a poor neighbourhood, furnish my rooms with the utmost- comfort, treat myself to a good piano, and collect my little library book by book from the second-hand book shops. I sliall spend half my days in going quietly about among the poor youug women of tUe district.. I ought to know whi.t girls aie after nearly forty vears' teaching aud maiia-r- iug the species— aud 1 shall spend half my cau, iu tuy uwu unorthodox \va.y.' £ knew the good that brave little soul haJ do:ur iu this aud I full no doubt she would carry out her plan. ' *' Have you seen her siuce she left you 1' ' Yes, I weut to see her last Juuc, w lien I ha.il a. forLui^lit'a holiday in Loudou. I found her in a shabby old house in Lambeth, not dtii^y as the house loutcd outside, our ^noil u!ny VRIThIhkt i1iapp}° uVbirJ. 'ti'r l,l;i,i .,1 liicliul insu.rcj her highest apt ULtiuuH. ' My fricuiLi arc legiou,' &lic; said, t ii'm silly !a a -t«l|icivitc fiilicjl, yiiu'i'misr ' Will yuu give uit; bor ai].lre»s, lint I nny m*itc findask lief pcrmissiou Iu call upon lit.- :' ' Von shall have tire aJdrcs-s, but I doubt if she will feel disposed to receive you. She will uouut you amuug e geull lUea. 1 must try my cn^ncc at auy r*u«. 1 h^lory of ouu uf liur earliest pupiU. Did you ever hear her Ulk of I'hurilou fliase aud the SU*iiK»ay family ;' ' My dear sir, I ha-c heard her tilt of any liumljer of places, and any uumber uf people. 1 used to l-ell her siie must lie a female MethuscUh lo have passed through so iti-^ny etori.-s of the families in 'Inch she had lived' but (lioll'll I used to listen I rauuinbcr tery little al»ut them. My girN uould ru,K--,,ln-V lietter, I have uo duiibt. They cau ^'ive you chapter anu verse, I daresay ; so the lirisl us 'aud tlluu you . au ask them as nuiuv « uV-^tions aa vou like ' Theodore jeeupted tile oiler with gratitude, and leu minutes after* arils Mlnwvd tile Vii-ar into the dining rou:,,, « litre three tall, ^o.-d- Iook'u.- 'iris and t»o stra^uli'' yuutlii nn H»cinlU, and uliere a 1'uurlll sirl, and unotlier boy dt^-|-|-ed in aflui' the rest u'cre sealeil. The board was spread with a piclHeuu* but horuely meal. A lanic dish of Ii-ish -n smoked at '»ue end uf the table, aud the remains of yesterday roast ribs of beef appeare-[ at the oilier. ( 7\\- U cmilhtit'd. i 