WAS IT A QHOBT THEY BAWP Mas. B. B. JIMHIHQS lives at No. fill Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1801) the two women locked all the ooora and went to the theatre, leaving not a aoul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-peat eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But aa they went into the parlour the marry humour died out of them in a seoond. Bight in the middle ot the room stood a dark man ot gigantic suture. The upper part ot hia faoc waa oonoealed by a maak, hla eyea gleaming through the eye holea in it. His shirt-sleeve* were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled eoreaming from the room, and when Mr. Jenninga came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour, and all the doors and windwa ssourely looked. What waa it the women aaw 1 " During a reoent period of ill-health," writes an American friend, "I had alept badly tor aeveral aucoeaalve nights. On the fourth ot these nights, about two o'olock 1 was suddenly aroused from a dose by wJtat tnmd Ukt the calling nf my nam*; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey ahe waa killed in a railway diaaeter. I screamed and fainted. I waa foollah enough to tell ot it, and the looal old woman gotsips said it was a summons, and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never aeon it«tnce, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it wee the nervea. Why, there'a tto end to the trioka the nervea will play on •ou when your system ia out ot condition, n March, 1690, it was that Mrs. Jane Foater,ot Darraoott-road, Pokeadown, Hants, wroteuaaa followa:—"I teas so drtadfitlly *m>oui. I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wiah them tar away in caae I should call out tor help. This waa in June, 1889. I elept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There waa often a severe pain in my head and over mv eyes, and I wes aick most ot the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the etomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By and by I had to lie helpleaa in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and oould not retain even that on my atomaoh. By thia time I waa nothing but akin and bone. My nunnery completely failed. My head aohea eo dreadfully I thought I ahould lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. - » i " I had given up all hope, when one day Mre. West, ot Bournemouth, called ana asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself onoe just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Belgel'a Curative Syrup. Aa ah* sssmed to have so much faith in thia medicine, I tried it, and in three days I waa able to walk across the room, and by the end ot the week I went downatairs. Now I am aa well as ever. I oan eat and digest my food, and all mi nervousneas baa lett me." The malady Mrs. Foster Buffered from was indigestion and dyepenaia and nervous prostration. The original cause waa grief and ahock at the violent death ot her husband, by aooident, end the ayatem rallied only when the Byrup bad given new vigour to the digeetlon, and thus ted and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghoat, it remaina true that most unaanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or leas than a aet ot nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Qhoetacometrom the inside ot the person who sees them, and when Mother Bngel's Byrup does ita work the eyes and ears entertain only what ia natural and wholesome.—(Anvt.] A nuMaut which oomea from Rome through DalaleTa agency states that newa has been oireulated at the Vatican that Princess Frederick Oherlea ot Proaaia baa shown a deeire to unbrace the Oatbolic faith, and that the German Bmperor, from high political motives, will oppose this step. JOIN—" What did th* old man say when you aaked him tor hia daughter t" Willi " Be didni say a word $ bs whistled (or the 