TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. BY " NUNQUAM DORMIO." Mil. F. F. DAKIN has decided to penalise Gloria 51b. for her victory in the Challenge Stakes at the late meeting of tbe Sydney Turf Club, and tbe three- year-old daughter of Trenton and Aureola will not have to carry Sit. 3lb. in tne Newmarket Handicap. Between January and March a threeyear-old is supposed (according to the weight-forage scale) to improve 21h.; so that the apparent rise uf Wlb. from 7st. (sib. (tbe weight Gloria carried in the Challenge Stakes) to Sst. 31b. must be discounted to 7lb. only. Now a four-year-old is not supposed to improve at all during the interim named, so that Cannon (who ran Gloria such a close second in the Challenge Stakes, with 7st. 4lb. on liis back—the identical weight he is imposted with in the Newmarket Handicap) will only have 71b. advantage over Mr. Long's filly after all. Natholess, 1 incline to the opinion that Gloria did not give Cannon half-a-stone beating when she scampered over six furlongs in lmin. 14-Jsec., and shall certainly expect to see liiin reverse positions with her when they meet on the 3rd March up Flemington straight. In fact, after his exploit in the Challenge Stakes C miion must certainly possess an excellent chance of winning right out. You see, Ike EarnBhaw hasn't had him such a great while in hand, and the chances are that he may make a few pounds more improvement in bim before the Newmarket Handicap comas on for decision. WALTER HICKEKDOTHAU followed up his New Year's Day luck by pulling off a couple of events on the opening day of the Geelong meeting last Friday, albeit he inet with a rebuff in the Geelong Cup, which he considered to be a pretty fair thing for Comedian. Personally, I cannot 6ay that 1 am enamoured with Comedian's chance in a mile and a-half race with ().-t. on his back if there's anything at all that can race and stay in the event, and as The Clown boasts the pedigree of " by Off Colour, from Equestrienne" (a full sister to Ringmaster), who never raced owing to a deformity, it was small matter for wonderment that the five-year-old managed to stay long enough to win witli Hat. 51b. on his back. Then Cressy, with Hit. 21b., is always a factor when a 2.4 5 gait is not improved upon, and Ayah has been running 60 consistently of late that her position of third with the feather of Ust. 101b. on her back was only what might naturally have been expected. A competent judge, who was up in the race, informs me that in his opinion The Clown could have won at any portion of the journey, and so far as Comedian was concerned, the Uagot Handicap winner was clean out of the hunt after a mile had been traversed. I simply mention these facts because I am perfectly well aware Bobby Bamage, who rode Comedian, was taken to task after the event for having ridden a terribly bad race. THE Messrs Miller were unlucky in running two seconds, as an unfortunate bnuip most decidedly made fully half-a-lengt.h difference to Ruth in the Trial Stakes, and Tellus only held that much advantage over her at the finish. Ruth, who is by Bool k a, from Rachel (the dam of E.K.), was well supported by her party down to G (o 4-, whilst 5 to 2 was on offer about Tellus. Votress, who finished third (in advance of Faith and Lord of the Isles), is a three-year-old filly by Off Colour, from The Nun. liv-THE-wjv, Ruth is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at Gst. !)lb. IT is always pleasant to bave to re2ord a victory for such a thorough sportsman as Mr. J. Turnbull, who pursues the "Sport of Kings " for its"own sweet sake, without being trammelled vith necessary considerations. Not but what he was just as well pleased (beyond the shadow of a doubt!) to find bis grey colt, Eiridsforde, go out at the remunerative price of o to 1 (in a field of five) for the Geelong Kicing Club Sires' Produce Stakes. Preston was first favourite at 7 to 4, closely followed by Lady's Maid at 2 to 1; Rink figuring at 10's. Paddy M'Gowan had (be mount on Eiridsforde, and getting well away he never left the issue in doubt, eventually winning easily by a length, witli Preston second, two lengths in front of Rink. Time, lmin. Msec.—wretchedly slow for seven furlongs. THE Connewarre Plate proved a real good thing for the favourite (0 to 4 on). Fusee, as he scampered homo half-a- dozen lengths in advance of Paddy, Jenny and four others, covering the four furlongs in SOjsec,; which certainly proved to demonstration that Fusee is an erratic sort of a geegee, sometimes being a Rapid Fire, and at others a Vapid Fire. A FIELD of ten contested the St. Albans Handicap, of five furlongs; Taupo (7.8.) being installed favourite at Z to 1. although both Rudolph (813) and Parthia (7.R) found much favour at 4's. When it was all over, however, Mr. W. R. Wilson's four-year-old filly, Parthia (by Grandmaster—Crystal), scooped tbe pool by a length from Taupo, who held a similar advantage over Lady Crusoe (7st.). Time, lmin. usee. THK fielders had a good turn in the opening event of tbe second day (Saturday), Mr. D. S. Wallace's grey filly, Taupo (by Malua out of Verdure), getting home in the Foal Stakes, of a mile and a-lialf, by a bead from Hova, who started favourite at 2 to'l, Taupo being at .Vs. A lister was third, six lengths away, Lord of the Isles being the only other starter. M'Gowan piloted Taupo, who covered the distance in 2min. 4G=ec. assistance of Comgan, and carrying lOst. 41b. to victory by two lengths from Woodside (D.7), who in turn was twenty lengths ahead of Glenview, the " about two miles " being traversed in 4uiin. 3K=ec. The betting was 2 to 1 each against Woodside and Glenview, 3 to 1 Blister. MIKACOLEUX (7.3) was made a 3 to 1 favourite in afield of nine opposers for the Geelong Handicap, of a in lie and a-quarter 4 to 1 being on offer against Little Maid (,.12) 5 to 1 each against Labour in Vain (9.2) and Cressy(b 3) and 8 to 1 each Taupo (<-3) and Tellus (ca). Little Maid and Cressy were in the van entering the straight, but here the latter drew away ana won by a length from Taupo and Tellus who finished a dead heat for second place, Ayah b-ing fourth and Little Maia fifth, lime, 2aim. 13»ec. THE Selling Stakes, of five furlongs, found Fusee in one of his non-fiz7.ing moods, and as a consequence his party fell on him heavilv, it looking the best of good things to lay 2 to 1 on him against the four moderates by whom he was opposed after the brilliant form he had displayed in the Connewarre Plate the preceding dav. It was n evidently .,„,. - Paddy , „j f„j M'Gowan's n, „ii day out, though, f'i, ',',.„,",)' as after * usee had led the field all the way round, M.ri«n W ^ T r E Chhlsi Js New W Moon M'Gowan shook Mr. R. Chirnsides New Moon up, and the gelding .responding with a late run he succeeded in doing the favourite on the post by half a head , Paddy being third two lengths off, time, lmin. 4sec. New Moon sUrted at G to 1, and was bought by Mr. I. Carslake for JJli!), .£44 of which went to the funds of the club IT was quite sufficient foi the nobly army of punters to observe M'Gowan up on Gaillardia in the Stewards'Purse, of three-quarters of a-raile, to account for their backing her down to even money as against five opposers; a few small investments going on Rink and Brownlight at 4 to 1, Rudolph at 5's and Tyras at 7'e. When it came a matter of racing, though, none of the others had a ghost of a show with the favourite Mr. D S Wallaces filly winning by two lengths, and a-half from Rudolph and Brownlight in 1mm. 1 ' sec - FUHEO, the rider of Ayah, incurred a threemonths'suspension for disobedience at the post in the Geelong Handicap. THE general entries for the approaching Autumn Meeting c" iast year * mainly South alHS owner* »« .ra.ners, AOUS. »r. B. Clark, who favoured the club with 33 nominations last autumn, has only four this. Doubtless the fact of the Autumn Meeting of the Australian Jockey Club following so hard withal upon our own reunion has had a prejudicial effect on the V.KC. gathering; but at the same time it will not be altogether wise to attribute the retrogression (for attempt to disguise it as one may, it is a serious retrogression !) solely to that circumstance. There is evidently a Bad Leaven abroad over something or other, and it behoves the committee of the V.B.C. to acknowledge the fact, instead of trying to shut their eyes thereto, and make some attempt to recover lost ground, ore itbe too late _ ' , ,, , , , THE A.J.C. people, on the contrary, are bound to achieve a big success with their Easter meeting for although there nreonly 52 entered or the Sydney Cup, no less than 10 of them hail from Victoria, whilst Dan O Brien has also got Loy-'i ty and Launceston engaged. 1 be Doncaster Handicap, of one mile, has received no less than J.) nominations, Victoria being again represented by RinuT glad am I to be able to report, too, that the old established Ilawkesbury Race Club Meeting (which has been fixed to commence on tbe Q last day of the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, 10th March; ominous fact!) bids fair to assume its pristine proportion; once more, 53 entries having been received for the Rowley Mile, of 150 SOTS, (second 25 sovs.), arid 37 for the Hawkesbur.v Autumn Handicap (value 200 SOVF., second 25 sovs.) of one mile and tlire o furlongs. Dear old Hawkesbury ! I wonder whether 1 shall ever have the good fortune to setfooton theOlarendon e Course again ! Many a good winner Charley lieal has put me on to there! THE highest price ever paid for a yearling in Australia was 2300 guineas, that being the amount given by Mr. A. S. Cbirntide for a full brother to Wild Rose (by Newminster From Primrose)-Lord Randolph by name. That was , • • l. >. . l three years ago, during which time he has never raced. He is among the entrants for the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, though, his name figuring amongst the list of nominations for the Brans wick Stakes, tbe Maiden Stakes and the Farewell Handicap. He is located in Alex. Taylor's stable at - Ballarat. - •• AT a race ,, , meeting , - in Adelaide - , last , Saturdav . ,, „„ a bay or black horse named The Arab (by Tbe Vagabond—Miss Traynor) was credited with scampering , . , - , . .ovor . „five . furlongs, .- , with &st..; 41b. . on his back, in lmin sec. And, seeing that the self-same "ammile has only been apportioned Sst. in the Newmarket Handicap, his performance on Saturday should give him a thundering good look-in therefor. Still, when one reads that Tbe Arab only defeated a commoner like TorpBdo, "after an exciting race," by lialf a length, tbe impression naturally arises that perhaps there was somathin^ wroig'yitli.Jjlie " timing " pirt of the transaction.nv^^ ^ar.^o back I quoted an Adelaide authority to the ,^'flVct that The Arab was liktly. to be seen to Wore advantage in tbe Oakloigh Plate af.tkulfield otj^Jje 24th February than up'tlie. Btraigltt^k^Fleinington on the 3rd March. ' • ' • ' ' • ' DAVIE JONBS;'mi-o«^WIBGTONtraining track identity, has "passed in fiSfthicks." Tears ago, when the brothers F. FV and W. E. Dakra had "the very best horses in the land" under their care, the old fellow found congenial employment looking after the lads, and what-not. With their eave and except that he was always employed by the proprietary course people to distribute their .. j,jug 0f performance " Davie was an old Tasmaninn identity, and, as a natural consequence, a perfect fund of" oid-time raeing experiences. He was a very quiet, inoffensive old fellow, who stoo.d high in the estimation of the late E S Chapman when that gentleman was in the. heyday of his fame. I NOTICE that two other sports have likewise -passed in their cheques "-only on this occasion they have passed them in to " Cranbrook " (of the Sportsman) to bind a match between Frank Bobbins' mare Mystery and C. E. Alexander's gelding Honor, for a two-mile trot, to take place (the weather and track being suitable) on Thursday, 15th February, at Ascot; optional saddle (list.) or harness (lOst. 10lb.). The event is for a £2<> tropby (given by the Ascot Hacing Club) in addition to a side wager of ,£50 a Bide. B.itb gentlemen have posted the forfeit (five-andtwenty " ameses ») in the flippers of the gay and festive John Currie bmith. „ , Even over in HORSE-RACING B Western Australia, a rummy where they game are picking up and chunks, the air is redolent tL odour of « dead m«t» At least, that', perusing a contri-mtion ^'individ.ml J,™' himself " Turfv," which ° i n tbe 7erth Inquire,- of the 2Gth Q js how he maCtera in the w ^ ^ you ar0 d^b^^^ aw C ar0 that the horsey atmosphere just now is full of suspicion concerning the 'stiff' running of a Dumber 0f horses at some of the recent race meetings. The question arises to my mind— -Could owners get recompensed from any source 0tber than the bookies to an extent that could ply them to pursue this nefarious practice?' Personally, I think not, and I am further of opinion that the Totalisator is the'only betting element that should be permitted on tbe Turf. As matters now stand, a gang of parasites are ]iceIlsed t0 8uct the blood of the public, who are more than full of being duped meeting after meeting. Let us, then, follow the lead of New Zealand and South Australia and stamp out the 'bookie,' by making his vocation an illegal one. This course would bring about a purification of we hav<m.t a„iiod at that stage in Victoria just yet. In fact, there's one or two of the " gentle public " I wot of who are quite as capable of performing the vampire-bat business as the most parasitical bloodsucker of a bookie to be found in West Australia. THIS is how the American papers speak of the great trotting event which took place at Fleet- wood Park on the 21st November:— When tho clfrk of the weather was so unkind aa to issue h .. mandate against the Directum—Alex match w Boston last week it is safe to say that tin, trotting world was disappointed, kverybodr wanted to see the stallion king meet the rac, - trotting queen, and although there was a wcligrounded faith that the black hero from tlm pAeific , e was inT;ncible, there was a generM heUef (haf thfl beautjful and fast daughter „f Piltl.ona?e cnuld give bin) the race of his life. U ^ d(j1] N(lveu]bar daT> raiv and chilly, wit), h jead011 clouda which th„ Bim ave up th„ atte' t fco burst tbrou!?hi and ]OUo. before th, ^ >' for the etart the ekies were hi„,llv SUKK<Jstiv h e of rain Ae it wa8 ihe cjos(! SC,JS01I betting in the Male of New York (!) there was neither booking nor pool selling, and there w.-is very little private speculation. There were plent y f speculators who wanted to back Directum, but Alex was almost friendless, a few bets beinmade at 100 dollars to 30 on the stallion. Atthib figure a little business was done, but it Roc.ii stopped, as nobody wanted the short end. Stiil the large crowd of prominent people that gatheri il to witness the match furnished ample proof of t In- American fondness for trotting contests of the highest class. There was nothing of the gambling lement about tbe affair; and it had been to hastily arranged (at three days' notice !) that but littleadvertising was possible; yet the attendance "AS very large, and itwaa made up principally of those who enjoy sport for sport s sake, and n..t for the opportunity of betting. Ihe race, ltsell, was an easy one for the winner, and only adder] another laurel to those already won by Directum because luuancQ of nf his tiic wonderful urnnitupFii] performance nprfnrmflTHVI in in the t.llft lai Ijtfi 1 . heat. A mile in 2min. 8sec. is nothing new f. him ; liut such a feat, on a cold November Jay, the third heat of a race, over the grades Fleetwood Park, is unrivalled in the annals of trotting. The ease with .which it was done left little doubt that the great young stallion could have made the time two seconds faster, and proves him the greatest racehorse that ever moved }n guch a record for a four-year-old gives promise of performances next year which will eclipse all that bas yet been seen, and which will us clo30r tban eirer to the two-minute trotter" 