II.— ON WATER. Competition is said to be the very soul nnd life of trade, and I could not help re- marking to Molly, as the .old company's next boat camo alongside and fastened up to the wiiarf before the, oilier had barely timu to get out into the currant, that tliis.very.conipeiiiion produced? an amount of liveliness sometimes which it was quite refreshing to witness. It seems to. make people bustjo around with -surprising punc tuality. "' I had hardly time to think much about it boforo we wero hurrying across the gang way and getting on. board. We hastened up the step3 to the iiurricanc-deck, and wero soon comfortably seated on that end of the boat, which pointed liarborwards, as wo thought she would shove ous that way, and we would get the full benefit of the breeze going down. We had nearly half an hour to w&itbefore; tho time would be up for starting; but there was plenty going on around us to attract attention. Tho Quay presented a . real life like picture,' and as we were high up we could sec it all. People wero shipping for other resorts down the harbor, .but the 'niost of them appeared to be going to Manly with us. The world and his wife in fact seemed to havo become suddenly seized with tho irioi that there was something of more than usual importance going on down at "Our Village," for the peoplo simply flecked on bourd t lie boat, and they continued to arrive until the boats were filled. A bad-mannered little craft ran into the wharf a little way off, and commenced to -vomit black fumes, as though sho had been sent in there to give us a "doing." The wind appcurod to be conspiring with her, too, for it brought all the dirty smoke our way, and caused a terrible commotion on board. hand of the clock on tho Customs House cover the half-hour. As it did so the cheap trippers looked as though they could have clapped their hands for relief,' Our bell went just then, and the chaiicngo was re- plied to by a whistle from our rival. The gangways were tlion shoved ashore, and in live minutes the representatives of old com pany Und the now company were steaming down the bay. Whatovor advantage there wos in the start it was evident that we had it, for when we passed the sleek andsliin looking I'arrainatta, which was lying at the wharf onlharight, we were in line, and looked just like u pro- cession of two. As we passed the forts there were guns to the right of us. and guns to tho loft oi us, and Molly said if any of them had gone olf we should scarcely havo got to Manly. I thought so too. It appeared to be washing day at Fort Denisotv ns there wero rows of clothing hanging on tho line on the roof of the old fori. Tho garrison were sitting oil a long form just inside the outer wall — and although tlioy seemed isolated from the rest of tho world they looked as happy as mud larks. Wo wondered us we passed almost close oncugli to givo them the time of day whether on stormy nights when tho wind was howling around them, ami tiic wavelets of the harbor wero splasliing against the old fort, they felt as lonely as the lighthouse- keepers away at sea. Molly said sho thought it was pretty dismal to bo always in quarantine like they were, and that she wasn't surprised at them losing all count of time and doing their washing on a Saturday. She said, as wo swept by the round house, that she never liked to look at that place after hearing that a man . was starved to death in it, for she always imagined his ghost was looking out through tlie slitB in the wall, or that his skeleton was lying down inside." The harbor now commenced to open out in front of us, and there was quite q patio- rama in tho way of scenery. We were going dead against the wind, and the blast was almost great enough to take all tho brcatli the passengers hud from them. Away to the left wo could see Chowder and it scorned to be lively there, too. £c was evident there were festivities going on there in which tho womenkind were play, iug a great part, for wo could see white dresses in the distance. It was the hour for the yachts, too, and the white wings wero consequently flitting about iu all directions. I was tolling Molly how the discoverer of our country was killed by the natives at the Sandwich Islands, and bow his heart was hung up in a native hut, where it was found and eaten by three children, who ntia took it for tho heart of a dog — but, as we wero crossing tho gap — known as the Heads — through which the sea comes as though it was anxious to get up to Sydney all at once— she suggested that it would be better to postpone the story till some more favor able opportunity for telling it, and presently we ran in and pulled up mfoly at liie wharf near the baths. A lot of people landed in a hurry at the risk of immersion, but many did not seem anxious to gee off, but waited with us till it could be done safely and without crowd ing. Everybody got ashore ultimately and scattered in all directions. Some went in droves with their hampers over the liill to the right, choosing a circuitous route to the "Fairy Bower," whore they wore to bo seen later on enjoying themselves with as much enthusiasm as if it was Anni versary Day, or some, other popular holiday instead of an ordinary Saturday afternoon. Others went down the straight road to tho beach, and not a few went around to the new company's wharf and marched up through tlie main street of Manly just like an invading force. They all made for the sea thoro, showing thereby that an afternoon on tho e&nde; was still in the full tide of its popularity. It was not long before the little stretch of beach on tho ocean side Boomed to be all bustle and excitement, and as wc strolled to and fro and backwards and forwards, and meandered around and abnut at our own sweet will and pleasure, we met a good many we know from town. There wore members of both Houses of Parliament there, and many others who wero not mem bers, but Who hope to bo by tho lime the next election is over. It is really surprising to consider what a lot of people are walking ubout just now with numerously signed requisitions in their pockets asking tliem, ami in fact, as some of them say, almost compelling t hem to stand for Parliament, and every second man you meet; tries to impress you with t ho idea that he is almost bored to death with tlie impor tuning that is going on in this direction. There is to all appearances going to be a most prolific crop of candidates for Parlia mentary honors directly, bnt ns only ono horso can win in a race thoro is also going to bo a great crop of disappointed ones when all is over. We were thinkingasdo'clock came round, as we were taking stock of the cheap trippers, what a wonderful domaud tiiero was for a good thing when it could bo had cheap or next door to nothing, and what s chungc had come over the spirit of thescenc at Manly through the cheap fares, vvhon our reflceiione were disturbed by a sudden change coming over the eky. It was quito evident from the warning given that tiiore was to be a sudden termi nation to everybody's outing, and so wo mado a rush for the boat. Wo had no sooner reached it than the windows of Heaven wero open, and the water was lot down in torrents. People came rushing to the steamer from ail directions, aud those who had placed too much trust in the elements wero saturated when they reached the deck, and for a time only one opinion prevailed, and that was that in wet woatheratany rate there was no place like home. 