ARMOR IN WAR. In " Temple Bar " thereis a short and interesting account of what was probably the last appearance in the field of men in armor. This was in January. 1799, at the town of Aquila, in the Abruzzo, then held by a garrison of 400 French troops. The peasants broke into the town, and though they were driven out by the French, they continued to give serious trouble. They even drove the French into the fort, and made ready to bombard them with heavy guns. The French were in an awkward position. "Boulart, the officer of artillery, ran sacking his brains for the means of send ing out men to spike the guns on the glacis, under the fire of the insurgents from the neighboring houses, suddenly remembered he had seen in his magazines some suits of plate armor, and he proposed to try whether, protected by them, men could not sally out and work in security under musketry fire. He got together twelve complete suits, and dressed out twelve gunners and grenadiers, thus selecting big men, be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the covered way, and from thence and from the fort opened a steady fire of musketry and of artillery on the fines of the insurgents. Then out marched the twelve knights of the eighteenth century, much in David's state of mind when he complained he had not proved his armor. The men carried handspikes hammers and spikes. Moving slowly, and awkwardly, in their heavy steel mail Btill they succeeded in com pleting their work under a hail of bullets from the insurgents. The scene is des cribed, as we can well believe, to have been most remarkable, and to have had something picturesque and also diabolic about it. As the mailed figures moved in silence amongst the guns, their hand spikes looking like maces, their silence and the slowness of their action seemed unnatural under the steady hail of bullets. The insurgents were believed to have thought hell itself had sent forth these extraordinary antagonists, ghosts of a past age; while the French on the ramparts, true to their nature, the first moment of anxiety over, burst into roars of laughter." 