GUBBENT TOPICS. The Dew rato of interest fixed by the Victorian banks— for.. six, months 1 per cent., and for 12 months 3 per cent, per annum— is just what was to bo expected. It means, in tho first placo, that the banks tnera, as here, arc gorgod with the peoplels monoy.- Speculation, through the widespread disastercausod by land and mining booms, has been universally" discouragod, and pooplo, having received' a lesson of. caution, pre. ferred placing their money in the banks at a fair rate' of interest to investing it in specu lation of any kind.. The usual result has followed. .The -banks, finding themselves chokod with deposits, have exercised the undoubted rights of those who are masters of the situation. Tho example they, have set will , doubtless bo followed here, where tho rate of intorust on deposits . has been persistently declining w.it'niu the pastl2 months. , But. with in torest so low as this it is not likely that people -will consent to : allow their money to- -remain in the hands of tho batiks. When financial institu tions can obtain profitable investments, speaking: goncrally, tho private, capitalist can do likewise. And in Australia- there aro -hundreds of investments crying out for the. necessary - capital. When depositors begin to feel the pressure of tho low rate of interest just announced, they may bo ex pected t-o look for othor fiolds in which larger returns for their money is to bo obtained. These, as we have remarked; exist in plenty. And they will be availed of. In the near faturo it may be oxpeotcd, therefore, that large quantities of capital, long locked up in the banks, will1 be libe rated to stimulate the industrial life and general enterprise of the continent. With intorost so low in the banks there will hardly be any necessity for Australian Governments to go to London for future loans, as any amount of local money at 31) por cent, on Govern ment securities should be forthcoming. Tho reeult will bo that tho banks will be forced to inoreasa thoir interest to something like the old rates. Their action at this juncture is likely to bring about that very spirit of speculation for lack of which tho country is languishing, and so may be ranked in the category of things which corns as blessings in disguise; The next engagement between the Chinoso and the forcos of tho Mikado promises to be intoroating. Tho discovery that tho pro digious reserves of rifles and ammunition at tho command of China aro ontircly mythical has forced large bodieB of Chinoee troops back upon tho primitive bow and arrow. And armed with this woapon hosts of Chinoso soldiers arc being drafted to tho front to intercept tiic march of tho con quering Japanese. Unless something extra ordinary happens tho fate of these troops is already sealed, and if China has exhaustod already her sup ply of modern arms tho fato of the Celestial empire may be regarded as having already passed oat of tho hands of its people and rnlors. That, of courso, docs not mean that it -has passod into tho hands of the Japanose, iv whoa the division of spoils comas the European E| Powers, sitting liko cormorants upon the H fence, will plunge in ior their share of tho ii plunder and the prey. The Chincso arc now about to pay tho penally of thoir contempt for those Western methods which Japan has so ravenously copied within tho last few decades. Tho rolativo pro gress of tho two nations is symbolised by the breechloador and the bow and arrow, and tho outoomo of this contest will bo what might be expected as a result of pit ting a soldier armed with the rifle against a savago equipped with a bow and arrow. In its day tho yew bow of tho Engiishman-at- arms did splendid service, and the cloth- . yard shaft, winged with the groy gooso feather, has sent many an armored knight to Valhalla. We would. riot havo contempt poured upon this goodly weapon, at the same timo it is a bad lookout for the nation which is forced to depend upon it against a foe armed with tho deadly modern riflo— not to mention that last development of destruc tive genins, tho machino-gun. Tho news of the shock between the bow arid arrow and the rifle— between the nineteenth century and tho firet—will be awaited with interest, though as to the result, unfortunately for China, there is little scope for speculation. |j Australians may be excused for seeing in I tho attempt to introduce a number of British I officers to commanding positions in Austra- I lian . military - forccB something significant I and suggestive. At present Melbourne is I deeply' stirred, by a proposal of Sir I VFrede'ric'k 1 skriobbdto' intrbdueo ' three more ' British officers' to ' command various ' : positions of the Violorian 'deforice forces. Naturally ViAUsfruiian offi cers are invetorateiy hostile': to 'tho appoint ment over their' heads of British Officers. It seems to them only fair that 'tho'- command ing positions in the Australian' forces should be given to' Australian officers. If tho best positions in our forces "are handed over to strangers it is:prnbubie that, the ablest and mostumbitiousofourlobal officers willbecoms disgusted with the service. As to the matter of military.skill and knowledge, those tilings are as well within the reach of Austarlian as of British officers. If a training at Chatham, of Woolwich, or olsowhere be essential to the successful command of" Australian troops— which we doubt— that, training could be obtained by native officers' soiit 'to England fof.that purpose, Tfterojs higher ground to be takeriin this matter.'" 'As far as possible the Australian defences, should remain in tho hands of Australian, men. . ; The nation which bought- military skill and force since history began has' come: eventually to dis, aster through relying for ;existenco upon purchased aid. This also .is to be bor.no in mind, - that if we - aro ,, ever at tacked by tho invader our. defence may have to bo conducted upon': lines altogether different from ' the conventional . taetios taught in British military schools. Tho Boers, who wore practically untrained farmers, in variably deicated the Briush regulars. In a recent careful lecture: Major-General Hut- ton explained a new rind formidable move ment, which'the British War authorities have actually borrowed from tho. ignorant -Boers of jSouth Africa, This significant circum stance should be borne in mind by Australia. We havo no need of Tommy Atkins to defend our shores. Australians will at tho propor time- bo found equal to that exigency.- " Indeed, ' it- is: whispcrad " that we have a , force altogether in excess of what is ever likely to> be needed tor the defence of our shores, and that this excess is encouraged and countenanced by British officers now employod in Australia with a view of the contribution of a large body of Australian troops to fight England's battlos abroad when tho rattlo of tho war- drum is once mere heard. Premiers in search of retrenchment' should 110 to this report. Our forcos are for our. pifn' defence. If they ere in excess of. this need there is a waste of money going on;- which should bo stopped without delay. ' Regarding pro fessional soldiers, we desire to pee as little of them in Australia as possiblo ; but if their prcsenco is unavoidable wis. wish thein t'o be Australians, - A capable Imperial command ing officer aaitnot bo objected to.' But the spirit of grab which would 'hand over all the prominent positions to British officers should be fi owned down ail ovor tho continont. — » ' . ' The most extraordinary code possessed by any ; country - iu tho- world " is Sir Frede rick Darley's definition of ; our' land laws. The Btatoment . is ut' oncp .comprehensive and accurate. There' aro'a'fow. egotistical: indi viduals who claim to bo authorities upon our land lawB, but it is absolutely certain that no mail living understands' this- ponderous ' conglomeration of complex and sometimes contradictory statutes. " 'It. would probably, be easier for a man . io become a Greek scholar -of tho attainments of tho late Pro- feasor Badiiam, or an Orientalist liko Max Mueller, than to master our land logislu- from Alpha to Omega. Soirccly a session has passed sincp- first an ' Australian Parlia ment began to tinkor: with the land ques tion that someone's 'reforming hand has riot added to tho iriass of puzzling statutes. Prom time to time a: ponduiotis measure is introduced' fiy the Government 'of '"tho day, iutanded to lay the ghost of tho land ques tion for evor, with the inevitable rosult-lhat confusion is made worse confounded. Poli ticians in tho mass have arrived at tho con- clusiou with regard to this question that it is ouc to bs avoided and not comprehended, and intelligent and ambitions politicians havo no hesitation in standing iu the Parlia ment of tho country and evincing thoir ignorance of this great matter. Of other members those who do not avow their igno ranco invariably, like tho present Fremior, fully demonstrate it when they opon their lips to discourse on this dangerous sub ject. Thore is now before tho Assembly annthor land bill, ths - latest descendant of a long and generally execrated lino of similar measures. This bill docs not propose to rcpoal previous land legislation. It is supplementary to legislation already exist ing, but what this 'legislation is nb man can say. , If the present bill Bhould pass its only effect will .be tp add another coil to the labyrinth amid which even tho trained intelligences of our Supremo Court judges wander in a patriotic vain attempt to find an undiscover- able olue. What this country requires is a man great enough and bold enough to pass a sponge over all tho Land Acts and Amend ing Acts of tho past, and give us one simpla, intelligible statute which ordinary mortals may hope to mastor after half a lifetime of study and sacrifice. When suoh a statesman arises tiio Premiership of this country will bo at his vsyosal as long as . t U his flloasnce to koop it. 