THE GHOST OF THE GUEST CHAMBER. Dv E. A. J. AH Hny long tiio door boll hid 'gcd rinpti'g, nnrl tbo wedding gnoiU kopl routing natil st Isttt oil h-td nrrivud. Tb- ro wnrr cousins from evurywlor, it teemed to tbo cu'Iares, ami such a wel ding as It vr«9 golog to bs I Bses to bo tbo bride, ond Bens wia tlm qioeu ot tho fftmUy just now 8>io w«s nlwajr- lovolv ; tontght «b-> wai bo9utifnl ; tba I bridal veil, o gift from fir«n</tno, ond thi? Same sho wore at hor own wnfdiug, fsibtd to li'de tho fair yonng fnc from a bn-tof admiring oyoe. Evm Cousin Write', supposed to bo heart-broken by (bin tuir- risgo, wss fltsrt'rd nat of his moUncbolj at tbo sight. Boss In wbiio ealio nni oraogo blossoms wss vrrv different ftoui Bess in whito mnslin and biao ribbons. Why ho wis indeed a very quooo, and be ba!£ oxpectod to ton tbo ladies in writ ing and the royol gaardaman'aarroand hor After tbo OvVomony, congratalstioos and supper, a gamo of hide-and-eoek war propoasd. Away flow Baas, with acrowd of inprry 'poekera after her, through th- corridcr and up tbo utAirs, until she roachod tbo great wardrobe that etoid in front of thti.old guest chaiflbar, wbiobhad not beon opened for many years; 8be rsn in behind it Aod tried tbo door of tho ohambor, foood it aolookod, nn i oniored, et'dl boldiog tbo ktiob in her hand. With flpabod faco and bated breath she Hetonod to tbo merry voiots outside ; then, imagining aha was alaoovored os tbo facoa oome nearer, she lot go of tba knob and puBhod tho door to, only to find, to bor horror, that she could not open It again. Gradunlly tho sound of voiooa diod away, as tba' soakers oil ran off, cry ing, "She'd iu the ouk cloaot 1 Lot's go tbero and look!" And dowu ataire they wont, making such a nolBo with tboir. shoatiog antllaaghiog that they oonld not bear her repeated calls. "Obi lb horror of it I1'. Bho orlod. wrincing lier bnnris,' "Self-imprisoned J will they never comb back ? How shall 1 over get ont ?" . What io this room, whioh sho hud never entered in ber lift) before? She bogan to tromblo, with foir, it was so dark and mysterious! Why, ob why did sho oome thrre at oil ? Not a ray of light ponetra- ted tbo awlnl dnrkbeea around ber ; tba silanco booamo eo intuneo that her very heart throbs eocincd to fill tbo. dreadful space. Were thoro sacb things as spirits ?. 8be wondored ; if so, thoro might be ono in ihlfl room. . Whit wpb" that ? Something touched her baoV), (the wee bwo,- something that was cold aod ehmmy, liko icy fiogere. Ob, Beaton, it woH' clatcbing at ber skirts! Sbo'cronolio'l low dowu on tbo floor in a ;orf ct frrzy of torror, then gavo a pier- uing nhrluk and full seneelasa . ' Tt'o ffoost chamber, in grandfatliet'a honeo wng always looked, opon as some thing to bo lireaded. :Thero wore storife t Id of a ghoftt.whn was seen to w .Jb baok and tortb in front ot tba door, with a rusty key in kis hand. Lqto at night (number I of tbo f.mily bad coon it. or thought they bafi, and each one- of the eervant. bad boon cbaBod by it ; not one of tbeiu could be indao-d to goiaVo-the north wing after nigbtfall.: / Of eouree Beeskneiv all this ; sbo bad hoard the story of tho ghost many times In hvr ohlidhood, and bad oftsn gone to bed with her facS hidden in Nora'd apron, lost she .should moet the awful spsdtrc. And now that qho futmd hsrsulf alono in this very room, all the tofior other child, hood returned with redoubled fore. . Her shriek whan she faintod bad donn its work ; 1'. had, been hoard flown etsire Whilo the huut ; continued laughing and shooting wont on ; when she could not bu lound ovoryhody oecaiuu sobor ; ouch fauu took on an anxious expression, and thoi brgatyooek ocoh other in whiopere— " Whoie o»n she bo? What his hop- poncd to hor ?" Thoy woro still looking when tho terri fied cry reached thoir oofe. Wolter ran off, shooting, ''She muBt bo in the guoet cbflmbor," louring tho groom, Albert, who boundrd after birn, a few steps bobiud. Tboy bad eoarcoly rosohod . the door h-fn'0 overy body olse was at their heols. Bar-iing It open, .tboy. found the poor Utile bride n'rolcbod on tho floor, uncon- auiauv, with T.bbv, tho cat and bontehald put, who hsd followed . b.r nunotioed, licking ber f .oo and hands. 80 the ghost was only aost, aflor all, and , It wee her co-il, soft little paw, that Bsss mistook for tho cold, clammy bond. A Utile older every day Tho now yoar grows. Alas, Tho country la dlspoaod to lot .All resolutions pass, Mistress— " If yon don't liko your nlsoo, what do you etay for F" Maid-" Foe four shillings a wabo, mom." Therai.no hslt-wny hooio between vleo and virtue In which. honesty oI purtKlio can It dawn and taka a rcit, Tbo man who bus sworn off should remember this, A Pullman tarootta about £l.600, and vot thoro .ro men who. when tbay havo paid £1 lot a nst loop?, Dpi ai if thr/omod li fl. 