I TALES AND SKETCHES. I THE EXILE'S DAUGHTER. BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of "Cruel London," "Clytie," "Three Recruits," " Uuder thc Great Seri," " By Order of thc Czar," &c;, kc. [ALI, BHÍIITS ItliSÜBI'KD] SVXOl'IS OK l'KËYIOltt CIUlTKItS. CHAITUKS I. AND ll.-The slor.v open» amongst Hie "Hod's 1'aclorv" people al Castleton, o little democratic eniniiiniiity. Jessop Ulylhc, one nf the masters, recently married, and with one infnnt child mill an adapted son! a lad named Trecarron, is hanishod from thi' eomniunilv for his dissipated hahils, and he leaves Castleton, harirainini; that his plnec «hall he taken liv Treirarran. TIIÍB U agreed to. and as he leaves the locality he is accosted liv a friend, Zoilaek Hrailfoitl, who tell« him thal he niiu-ht' have made hiBfortunc there if he hod ilnnik water instead of alcohol. CMAITKK III.-AT THE HATH HI- TIM: \\\ INHS. lt. begins with "Windy Knoll" and ends with "Tile Travellers' liest." Windy Knoll is the crow n of the W innats Pass, overlooking as wild a region as you may lind in England. At thc date of this history, only o few years ago, "Thc Travellers' Rest" was anything but thc haven its title would suggest. Amidst thc storm und stress of Windy Knoll Cod dwelt willi His wonders of cloud and Bky. At the loot of the Pass within thu walls of his misnamed hostelry lived Scitrthin lil VI he, a liliel on the original mau whom Cod made in His own imane. 'i'ho simple people of thc Peak still call thc craggy gorge tietweeii liuxlon und Castleton " The Cato of thc Winds," as it w as named nf old by their predecessors, who eudowed thc country wirhsueli lamlin-irkaas "God'sCity, ' "Millstone Nick," "The 'i'oadb' .Month," "The Devils Hole."' Odin's Mine," "Dead Man's Clough," and " Hope Dale." The poet who sairt that " seas ure thc fields of combat of the four winds" had never faced the laud storms of the New World nor ridden through thc Nor! hern pusses uf Did. Il was no wind of the sea thai blew through thc rocky gutes as Jessop Blythe fought his way tohis brother's abode ou the night of Iiis banishment from God's Fuctory and thc cruel abandonment of his wife and child. It started forth as do the rivers of thc 1'eak from subterranean depths, from au unexplored cave and bottomless waterways. It was a local wind, that was content to storm thc hills of Castlclou and tear up and down the mile of ragged cleft that gives at last upon thc Vale of Hope, sentinelled by Mam Tor, and watched over by Win Hill, that had borne thc shock of slorni and tempest from thc day of their first upheaval. From this gate of thc winds you cuter a vast amphitheatre of stouc-wallcd meadows, scattered homesteads, and hcathcr-clud hills. Easterly stands Castleton, with its Ropery and Cavern, Hope, Broach, and Hathersage, and Northerly Win Hill cutting in twain the moorland lines that break upon Hallamshire. Topping thc mountainous hillocks or marking their lower borders tower the shooting boxes of noble landowners, some of them marking tlic very outposts of the Danish armies that withstood Alfred and Edwurd his son in these stony regions of Derbyshire, among whose many military relics still stand within thc region dominated by the (jato of thc Winds thc castellated tower uf William of Peverill, thc natural son of William thc Conqueror. Thc natives of the Peak of thc olden days had noted as a fact what their successors of to-day regard as a curiosity, that thc winds blowing from every quarter of the compass appear to mark the pass of thc Winnatts as their own. They had assailed thc limestone fortresses and hurled the dust of uges around its turretted peaks centuries before Saxon and Norman : und to-day thc Sou'wester is just as triumphant in its autumnal revels as thc four winds are wild and f'irious when tiley gather their forces to toss thc snow sky-high, until the valley seems to be thick with ghosts and tlic hilltops resound with lite cries of dcinona. If thc sea rolled in thu deeps of tlic Winnatts and washed thc foot hills of the adjacent mountains, it would bc alive with traditional fiends like thc lonely heights of Belle Isle on the iron-bound coastB of New- foundland. Not that thc rocky way through thu windy gates is without its tales of misery and death. It has ita ghosts of thc unhappy lovers who on their way to a rival of thc blacksmith of Gretna Green, who lived in thc region of Windy Knoll, were murdered in thc pass and buried ill one of thc many secret places of thc winds. Tradition, though it does not record thc names of thc unhappy victims, brings thc murderers lo justice, which is more than was rlouc, us it Beems, fora certain Northam Holmes, whose untimely end at thc gate of thc winds while it is a preliminary incident of these columns only cists an attenuated shadow over the life of thc assassin or his brother, who was an unwilling possessor nf his guilty secret. It, nevertheless,' supplies the key-note of tho character of the master of " Tile Travellers' Rest," and helps lo justify the evil reputation of thc Blythes, who, nevertheless, give to these chronicles a heroine not unworthy of the boasted nobility of the women of thc Great High Peak. When the wind was ut its height, two men were having a bitter altercation iu a lonely room of thc Travellers' Rest that had once been ito bright and comfortable bar-parlour. They were Jessop Blythe and his cider brother Scarthiu. Jessop had a little matter of business to transact with his brother before leaving thc neighbourhood. They told him at thc Duke's Head that Scarthin had ridden through thc village ill thc morning, und had said he did uot expect to bc back nutil late. Jessop had, therefore, lingered about thc village until it was dusk. TJien hu concluded to walk tn thc Travellers' Rest and wait Scarthin s return. He could walk on through thc night to < Chupel-cn-le-Frith, and get a train lhere for Liverpool, or walk to thc Northern seaport for that mutier, seeing that he had plenty of titno on his huuds. This is how it was that Jessop and his brother met ut an eventful moment in this history. They both looked far older than their age. Scarthin was bony and wrinkled, with small, shifting eyes, un- , usually close together, and a mouth that was hard-as his voice and tight os thc grip of his i knuckly fingers. His face was au index to his avaricious and treacherous nature, though ; he managed Input a certain kind of forced ¡ smile iuto il '.hut deceived nota few. He was not more than forty years of agc, and yet during his short life, by dint of every artifice known to thc miser and financial trickster he , had accumulated considerable moneys and , had liens on many properties. Duriug his tenancy of the Travellers' Rest, which he had come into us mortgagee, he had allowed that once popular hostelry to degenerate iuto what might hive been called a hovel, hut for its handsome forecourt and artistic furcade. lt was said of a London poet thal running to pick a buttercup hu was chagrined to lind it was a guinea, Scarthin Blythe's nature was jusl the opposite of this. If he hud mistaken a buttercup for a sovereign he would have trampled the flower lo pulp with his steel-tipped boots. Nothing was bf the smallest moment to him thal, wus not gold or capable of being turned into money. If it wus possible foi him to love anything it was Jessuiny Bod, his inure, one of the most re- markable animals umniig the many fast-goers in the Peak. Nothing could beut her, nothing could touch her, up hill or down ; and she was thc one living thing that Scarthin was ever known to talk to in anything approach- ing lo pleasant tones. His voice was utmost human when he addressed her, his hand almost tender when he stroked her silky mane. Jessop Blythe, sober, was as firm and steadfast in his manner as Scarthin was nervous and shifty. One looked you steadily in tho face, tho other looked every way but into your eyes, and never stood still ; yet Scarthin had been successful in many an ugly tussle with trained men who fight steadily. If you arc brought up in the PeaT country of Derbyshire you have to fight from your boy- hood up ; for if thero are noble exceptions and fine men to quote to thc contrary there is a good deal of the savage still left in thc Derbyshire nature. Quarrelsome men about Castleton, however, were wary of Scarthin Blythe. The tips of his boots were as sharp as thc grip of his hard right hand was vice like and vicious. Good a fellow as Jessop was when compared with his brother, his moral character as we know was nothing to boast of, but he was his own enemy. He had injured nobody of malice propensc. Drink and shiftlessness were his besetting sins, ministered to by a love of company, a hand at cards, and thc discontent that comcB of idleness. Itwas thought that marriage would reform him, a terrible mission too often assigned to a trusting wife. For a whole month it seemed as if JcsBop had turned over a new leaf for good. After this he fell back into bad wu VB, and his wife bore thc change " with an ill grace," hU mother Buid, " in- stead of coaxing th' lad, and not tryin's patience wi' bani words," and before half u year was over they lcd a cat and dog'B life. From loving the woman, as he thought, he came to hate her, and they parted as we have already understood. Once during this last day befor-î lie left Castleton as he vowed "for good and all" il came into bis mind to go and say good bye to her, and ask her forgiveness, and kiss his little one, and embrace his mother, bul he hardened his heart against his good impulses, though bc knew that his mother in her querulous way was fond nf him, and had always taten bis part. " No," he said, " I won't be u weak fool, I'll go my ways; they've turned mc adrift, and I'll go. Scarthin Blythe shall giv me a slip of paper about that money on th' cot tag?, or let the whole thing loose, and I'll write mother a letter from Liverpool. Zodack Bradford will stund by 'cm, and youngTrcgarronisno waster ; besides there's owd Woodrufle, he didna half like Iiis job to day, he winnat sec harm come to them." Thus for his good thoughts ; to them muy bc added a vague hope that Fate would befriend him beyond thc SCUB, America wus hU Kl Dorado. He had heard of Bitch wondrous fortunes won by Englishmen out there, that he dill not see why ile might nut have a chance to share iu thc good luck of other emigrants who had worked out their pustuges by land and sea. Only on thc previous Saturday night at the Wheat Sheaf there was au Irishman who had beeu a lead miner twenty years back, and who was now on a visit to the Peak to show his wife and daughter the country he had worked in when he was poor before he had the courage tn emigrate to California, where he had mined his way iulo over ten thousand pounds, every penny of which he hud brought home willi him. Jessop tried to think that his disgrace hud conic upon him as a lucky impulse to force him out of thc country, to compel him to get uwuy over the hills that had shut him down in Castlctou, us if he were a prisoner. " You'll keep it dark," said Scarthin, whose voice the wind seemed to mock with a " hoo-hooo hoo" as it roared down the chim- ney bringing with it a volume of smoke. " Maybe 1 will, maybel winnat," waa thc response, and the wind still took part in the interview, shaking the outer shutters and whistling in the chimney suck, the fire leap- ing up in the grate for a moment and iUumin atiug thc angry faces of thc brothers. " Is it only maybe Jessop V said Scarthin, "ouly may-bc Ï" " That'» all," was thc reply. " ls it so, by Gosh," commented tho other, "what's to decide tli-may-be ?" " Oh, one thing or another," said Jessop, iu a frcc-and-easy way. " You don't propose to come to any con- clusion about it, eh ?" " I've never had to come toconclusion about such a devilish piece of work before to-ncet," said Jessop, his eyes fixed upon his adversary, who shifted his position every now and then, as a mau might do who contemplated taking another at u disadvantage in a sudden assault." "Oh, you haven't, haven't you?" said Scarthin, " but by Gosh you've gotten to gie me your word one way or another before you leave Travellers' Best, or my name isna Scarthin Blythe." Scarthin was growing angry. He snarled between Iiis words and his small eyes sparkled. Thu more he was agitated thc calmer grew Jessop, who was not-luckily for bim-at thc moment under thc influence of Dutch courage. Though he had lingered about Castleton for au hour or two prior to leaving, he had con- tented himself with but one drink, and that was by way of accompaniment to his supper at thc Wheat Sheaf, which he intended should bc his stay until he was well on his ,vay through thc night and into thc next morning. "Do you hoar me, Jessop?"' exclaimed Scarthin, his last remark having dieted no reply from his brother, " I say you've gotten to come to a decision before you leave Travellers' Rest, or my name isna Scarthin Blythe." " Aye, I hear," Jessop answered, " some folk ca' yo by another name, and by God it seems to me yo deserve it." " You think so, do you," hissed Scarthin, between his broken teeth, "-yo, I've a good mind to throttle you." Scarthin was losing control of himself. He had sworn. It was altogether against his principles to swear. Equally contrary was it ta his policy ever to threaten. He boasted himself that he never threatened, uever said he would doa thing, that he did not do it. But Jessop's cool, watchful manner and his contemptuous words threw down his moral defences. " Yo'd better not try it on wi' mc," said Jessop, planting his feet firmly, stiffening his muscles and waiting for thc attack which came while he was warning his assailant. Scarthin, with thc spring of a tiger, flew at Jessop's throat. He was caught with a grip of iron and ' shaken off. Scarthin at thc moment had thc courage of an animal ut bay. Staggering to his feet lie hit out with his right a blow that might have felled an ordinary mau, but Jessop caught it with his left-hand guard, and landed his assailant a counter on thc chest that sent bim reeling against the furthest wall, where he gasped and fumed and cursed between bis struggles for breath as if he had been accustomed to profane swearing all his life. " Yo'rc a fool, I tell yo', to try that game on wi' me, Scarthin ; if I was not a good tempered sort of chap I should have knocked your cursed head off," said Jessop, taking out a tobacco pouch and filling Iiis pipe. Scarthin watched him with a hate that was half-tempered willi admiration ; for was not thia fighting man his brother, and had he not spured him ? In his place, Scarthin reflected as he trembled by thc wall, he would have killed him. Jessop went lo thc fire and thrust the bowl of IIÍB pipe between the bars and began to smoke. As he stooped it flashed through thc treacherous mind of Scarthin that he ought to have waited for a moment like that before he had attacked him, so quickly did thc vicious impulse follow thc glimpse of a more generous thought. " Wc might as well talk this thing out like men," said Jessop. " Like brothers," said Scarthin, humbly. " Cain and Abel were brothers, said Jessop, pulling at his pipe. Tile time was as eventful as it was inop- portune for Jessop to visit his brother. That worthy wus in thc midst of a serious under- taking. Thc story may bc very briefly told. Thc New Bank at Glossop had been opened only some two or three years. Scarthin hud an account there. He had freehold properly at Glossop, and rents in Castleton. It did not seem good policy that he should let one bank have an inkling of his means. Nor would thc two or three banks in which he made business deposits had they combined tn in veetigate his wealth have come lo a proper reckoning. Scarthin Blythe had a secret place within thc walls of the Travellers' Rest, where he enjoyed thc miserly satisfaction of counting over a considerable sum in gold. He loved to run his fingers through the glittering heap, and then to lock it away and cover up his hiding-plaoe ; and yet he was not all miser ; for he had occasional "sprees," as he called them, which cost him both money and headaches, but these were intervals from sobriety only known to himself and JeBsamy Rod, who carried him blithely and swiftly to Sheffield aod even as far as Liverpool when the fit was on bim and the devil possessed him wholly. At Glossop the chief clerk of the New Bank had attracted Scsrthin's at- tention. They had met in an odd way at a local inn where the clerk went for his luncheon, and where Scarthin generally put up Jessamy. Evil knows evil. A thief soon snots his fellow. Scarthin and Northam Holmes became chums ; they became conspirators ; but Holmes was the worker. One night lie robbed the bank of its market deposits, which, coupled with some other embezzlements, amounted to a considerable sum. Scarthin was to give him aid and guidance in his flight. Thc first stage was to be the Travellers' Rest. Division of thc spoil being completed there, Scarthin was to pilot Holmes through the Pass, and cover bis retreat in case of a hue and cry. It is a saying in Castleton that in a Btrong sou'-wester it is as difficult to crawl up the Pass as to avoid flying down it. ít would not have been surprising on such a night, if even an expert rider should come to grief either in climbing or descending the Pass. While the brothers Blythe were bickering in the faded bar-parlour of thc Travellers' Rest over the night's tragedy, Northam Holmes was lying a battered corpse by the side of his maimed and dying horse, half- way through the glen. " Well, what is it to bc Jessop ? I didna mean to harm you, lad ; but you're a stub- born beggar, aud you got my blood up. " " Not first time ; you'd do well to re- member bits a feights we'u had as lads ; yo're lucky I didna twist yo'rc neck.1' " Look hero, Jessop, I beg your pardon humbly, I'm in a hole, don't split on me !"' " It was a damned piece of work !" " He was against me, my enemy, .a rogue, a thief, he'd stolen from me. I had a grudge agio him, and he was th' strongest." "I don't believe it, but that's no matter," said Jessop. Scaithin's prematurely wrinkled face worked, his mouth twitched, a murderous tit was on him ; if he had only had a weapon handy he would have weighed his soul with another crime. " You were always hard on me," he said. " Not so hard as I ought to have been ; but shu! up this argument, I'm in a bit of a bole myscn, o nd-'' "If I can help you," said Scarthin, shuff- ling to his feet. " Yo can do something, and I come to axe you to do it." " I'll do it, Jessop ; I'll do it," said the other, quickly ; " but you mun swear to keep dark about what you say you've seen." " I'll swear nowt," said the yuungcr Blythe, " and if yo attempt to lay a hand on mc again I'll throttle yo, or punch yo into thc next world." "Very well. Jessop," said the other. " don't lose your temper, lad ; I'm sorry I was put out BO far as to raise a hand agen you ; but look herc. Jessop, you winnet forget that we're brothers ?" " Up to now you've never allowed me to forget it, and aftor what I've seen to- night I'm likely to go ou remembering it." " Well, dash me to bits, what did you see ? A decamping banker's clerk, with his meeter's money and mine trying to get away through th' Winnats, aud by a short cut, by Gosh, and on a horse with a foot as slippery os a eel's, and he breaks his neck ; any man muu have been a fool to think he could ride through Galc-o'-th'- Wiuds on a night like this !" Scarthin as wc have already noted, made it a rule not to Bwear. If he had sworn a good deal during his encounter with Jessop, that must be taken as thc exception to justify the general observance of the rule ho had laid down for himself, more particularly wlcii he was in compauy that lie desired to impress with his high moral state. It is true that he invented expletives such as Gosh, but they were harmless in tile general estimation, and as Zodack Bradford luid said characteristic of a trimmer who wanted to conciliate both heaven and hell. Scarthin had chuckled until his teeth chattcredagain one day at Castleton market on hearing the new curate from the South say that whatever Mr. Scarthin Blythe's faults might be he wus not a swearer, nor in any other way given to profane language. Thc new curate should have heard bim on his orgies at Sheffield and Liverpool, when the devil had more than his customary possession of thc master of thc Travellers' Rest. Furthermore, thc new curate said there was another thing for which Mr. Scarthin was to bc admired, namely, that he had ceased to make the Travellers' Rest a house of call for consumers of alcohol ; at which, however, one or two of his hearers informed him that it was the consumers who had douc that for thc place, not relishing cither Scarthin or his liqour. " Vou're fishing to know just what I did see, brother Scarthin," said Jessop, em phosising thc word brother, and with a spiteful expression in his face. " Well, what 1 did see would hang yo ! Yes, by God, I mean what I say-would hang yo ; and sooner or later you'll swing, 1 mek no doubt, o' that. Fuyther said you'll como to th' gallows ; aye, many a time he said it !" " Fuyther was not over kind to any of us," said Scarthin, suppressing his unxiety, " but Jessop, Iud, don't be hard on mc, I tell yo thc chap as lies dead yonder was my enemy, u thief who'd gotten my money-" " Why I seen yo lead him up th' Pass and pull bridle of horse right into clcfl' as was nivvcr intended for horse or man, seed you get him to top of precipice, couldn't hear what he said for th' wind, and only that moon come out strong at reight moment I should na have seen you just as sudden put your shoulder to thu horse as was already struggling to keep his foothold, I tell you but for moon I wouldn't have seen you push th' poor beast over and man on his back ; and it seemed us if wind stopped to listen to rush of stones and cry of rider und thud of horse as they went to th'bottom." * " You say you saw that, by Gosh !" exclaimed Scarthin, making a step towards Jessop. " And 1 followed you round bend of pass and seed you rifle thc body." " lt's n lie," said Scarthin, "go and sec fur yourscn, it's a lie I say, they'll find money on him in th' niornin' if anybody finds him before ?nc. Every penny, except what bc took from me, und-' " Tell that to thc Castleton jury, tell it to th' Judge at Derby Assize, they'll want to know all about it," said Jessop, with a scoffing laugh. "Heaven blind mc, but you're bitter on your brother, you always was ! But what are you going to do about it ?" " I'm not going back to Castleton to Udl them you've killed a man, I'm not goiu'to Bplil on yo !" "1 felt sure you'd stand by mc," said Scarthin, with a sigh of relief. " Depends on circumstances," said Jessop. " Whul circumstances?" "If I'm called on to usscver, which isna likely, because I'll bc out of thc country." " How do you mean, lad?" "1 am off, levanting like yonder dead chap i' thc pass, but wi' nobody else's money 'copi my own. When I seed you going up pass with him so mysterious I was coming to talk to you about that hundred pounds." " Ah ! you owe mc a hundred pounds," said Scarthin, forgetting thc peril of thc time iu his remembrance of Jessop's money in- debtedness lo him. He was one of those men who have a tremendous power of concentra- tion, who can give up their minds wholly to thc subject of tho moment. " Yes, that's so," said Jessop. " And I've a mortgage on your mother's cottage and museum ; well brothers should be brothers." "Gie me thc mortgage, and don't molest my mother, nor Zodack Bradford, nor my lass, if ever yonder infant grows to be a lass." Scarthin Blythe took from his pocket u bunch of keys, opened a desk, drew forth two documents and gave them to Jessop. The younger brother opened them. One was a parchment deed ; thc other was a note of hand. He walked to the fire and dropped them upon thc hot embers, whijh blazed up w ith them. Thc wind that had been shaking tim door as an angry giant might, now (airly lifted it from its hinges, and with a rash whisked thc burning papers up the chimney and scattered them iu sparks that rose and fell and pirouetted against thc overhanging rocks until they looked like fireflies in an American forest. " And now you want some money for your journey," said Scarthin, who was watching his brother with a tigerish look in his eyes and a crouch in his wiry back that Jessop did not observe. Indeed the young fellow at the moment was thinking that at least tie had done tlic one good thing he desired for thc industrious little home at Castleton, upon which hitherto he bad brought notbiDg bul trouble. " Ko, Scarthin, I'm not looking for blood money." " Curse you," he hissed through his teeth as he leaped upon Jessop, who for a moment was off His guard, "curse you, I see your game ; you've got what you wanted, you'll betray me," the words half formed coming out iu gasps aud hisses as he clasped Jessop's throat with bis bouy Jingera. Jessop reeled under I he assault, aid Scarthin pinned him against thc hard oak door that happily thc wind had partly undone ; as it had half opened one way under pressure is now gave iu the other direction, and the two men fell headlong into thc foiecourt. The s trújele on thc ground was sharp and desperate. In tlic end Jessop was uppermost. It was fortunate for Scarthin that Jessop did not wear steel caps to his boots. Per hu ps it was well for Jessop too, who knowB ? " Coward, thief, may the gallows get you !" he gasped as he gave the prostrate mau a kick that had nearly avenged the murdered man in thc Winnatts. It had only been a question of an uushudden hoot as against a pair of Ftecl clips. Hut thc devil takcB care of his own. Killy the next morning Mr. Scarthin Blythe reported to thc police the discovery of thc dead body of thc absconding clerk, and a dying horse that had missed Hs footing und füllen headlong into thc Pass. A considerable sum of money belonging to thc Hunk was found on the dead man, with certain com Cromising papers. Thc horse was ordered to c killed and was shot accordingly, and the dead rider was carried into thc " Travellers' Rest," where an inquest was held. Scarthin Blythe was the chief witness. The body was identified by the widowed mother of thc deceased. The Bank Manager gave evidence as to the certain of the moneys belonging to the Bank (it had coat Scarthin a pang to restore the notes and gold he had previously removed) and a verdict of "Aeoidental death " was returned. One of the jurors desired to append " while flying from justice," but tlie Coroner overruled thc proposal, and Save his certificate for the burial of the body. Ir. Scarthin hoped that at least a portion of thc money found on the dead body, might be handed over to thc young man's mother, as [ probably some of it might not belong' to the I Bank. Tlic coroner, however, impounded the money pending instructions from a higher authority than his own. It is understood that it was afterwards surrendered to the Bank, , and no more was heard of tlic tragedy beyond ! its addition to the older aud mora terrible j Btorics and traditions of the Winnatts: And Scarthin Blythe continued1 to prosper j and wax rich ; while' Adser, his niece, under thc guardianship of Zodack Bradford; belied I thc pareut stock, on her father's side, by her beauty, lier wit, and her honesty-as will bc I seen hereafter. (To bc continued. J 