Memmon. Tho gray cuitains ot morning twilight □ung gloomily over tho endless dunes of sand. Tho drab-green leaflets of the mimosa wero not rustled by tho slightest breeze, and oo bird had yet broken into song. Not a sunbeam to lend itsgoldon ombroidory to tho oroken column of tho templo ; not a ray of silver light to dispel tho aBhen gloom ot the Heavens, or break the BouglesB repose of the palm-dotted doeort. Tho distant river, with ita fringe ot olives melted iuto tne Buy, anu us envery snimmer appeared liko tho Binuoua reflection of a luminous lily-star in a gently rippled lake. An opalescent mist crept like a ghost above tho paichcd Bands, and tho peaceful fjpirit of silenco seemed to roign until tho morniug song of Mcmnon should break tho potent spoil. Tho eternal Pyramids frowned in tho 'die- ; tance in orders gray, and the aoaoiaa bent | liko tho Faithful in prayer, as though im pressed by tho subtle charm of tho silsuco'l that waa lonely and unbroken. The herons stood in majestie immobility, as though charmed, among the reeds aud I eedgo that6Urrouuded their watery haunto. I Numbers of motionloss palms wero otohed, | like sentinols, against tho horizon, whose hem was yot unconscious of the first faiut i kis-» of dawn — whoso folds and draperies of gray Beamed awaiting tho rolden roses of { sunriso to blossom forth and light them into j perfcot beauty. # I In tho midst of this apparently eternal hush, this silence that would mako such a beautiful back ground for tho harp string twang ot hia morning voice, Momnon Bat in tho unbroken solitude, with no breezo to fan hia oheok, looking steadfastly toward the east for tha first rosy light to tremble iu the wan, white sail ot day, and wako tho accents of his morning Bong. \- Suddenly, tho sombre mantle scorned to: fall from the sky, end in tho distanoo bo-' hind tho Pyramids a dainty, dolioate llush ot toso appeared, a breeze started across the barning desert, the lips of Memnon parted, and filled tho ripplol air of midaummer with : v ' Ifl il hot ouougb for you ?' R. K. MuvKitxajo*, Cokfihueb Bacholot : ' How timo floe* fly, Miss Ssasido I Why it was ten yean, ago that you refused me on this very spot.'v ' Miao Seasida (who wishes aho hadn't) : ' So long ago as that I I was very yopng^ and foolish then, Mr Smith.' Confirmed b&ohelor; ; ' Bat we are both .oltoitttd waw. now,1 . . 