MISCELLANEOUS ?ITEMS. A lodger at the Grand Central Coffee Palace Clarence-street, Sydney, ti-uned Captiia Parkhu at, fell from the fourth storey on to th« root of the dining room, a distance of 30ft., and received such injuries that ho died within a quarter of an hour of the occurrence. Deceased was 43 years of ago. Tho Government has offered a reward of £25, in addition to one of a like amount offered by the Mercantile Mutual Fire Insurance Company, for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons who caused tho fire by which, on December 28 last, an unoccupied house at Bulahdelab, tho property of Robert ®uayle, was destroyed. it T fft Ka Klamftil Pav nrliaf. T am Tint, innocent of,' remarked a witness at tho Glebe Police Court on Tuesday. Robt. Campbell and Chas. Ogilvie, th» alleged authors of the recent outrage upon Mrs. Smith, a fruiterer of Williumstown, Victoria,— whom, it i3 said, they beat into insensibility whilst they were attempting a burglary— were ou Tuesday remanded at the Williamstown Police Court for another week, the injured woman not being sufficiently recovered to appear. A sensation was caused in the Bairnsdalo Police Court on Tuead'iy in a case in which Mr. Smallman, J.P., was sued for X1G. He put in a counter claim for iS, based on an agreement of the rental of a paddock. Smallman swore that this had been properly stamped at the time, but it was proved that the stamp had only been put on a day or two ago. On the presiding police magistrate pointing out to Smallman that he had committed perjury, and that the police would have to take proceedings, ho fell down in a dead faint in the witness box. A correspondent to a Sydney journal complains that the body of a young man found about two o'clock on Saturday in the river at Parramatta, was drawn close to the bank, allowed to remain there whilst a jury viewed it and an inquest was conducted, and the remains were not removed from tho water until after sundown. Such treatment would scarcely be extended to the carcase of a dead dog. The law is full of complication. A cow suffering from cancer is tethered on some vacant land at Rockdale, wht.re it ia a menace to public^ health. A veterinary surgeon has pronounced the disease to be true cancer, but the authorities cannot seize and destroy the animal, because it is on private land, and as the owner of the cow does not seem to care about the matter no one apparently has authority to put the beast out of the way. Mr. Henry Dean, proprietor of the Royal Hotel, Murrurundi, died on Tuesday morning. An ingenious swindle is reported from Footscray, Victoria. James Selby called on several doctors and informed them he was appointed as collector by the local football clubs, and obtained guinea subscriptions. In each case he was sentenced to 12 months. A man named Hicks, living at George's Plains, met with a severe accident, caused by a dray laden with 40 bags of wheat passing over his legs. Both wheels went over one leg, and the hind wheel passed over the other. Later on one of the legs wn* amputated, but the doctors hope to save the other, although there is a serious compound fracture. By the capsizing of a boat at Invercargill, N.Z., on Tuesday, Bessie Bain, aged 27, Mabel Stowe, 19, and Lionel Bews, 22, lost their lives. Mr. W. J. Lyne, Minister for Works, addressed a meeting at Wollongong on Tuesday night upon the policy of protection. At the close of hiB speech a motion was carried declaring 'that a judicioua system of protection is best calculated to further the interests of New South Wales.' Three deputations waited upon the Railway Commissioners on Tuesday and asked for reductions in tram fares. The Commissioners declined to grant tbe requests. With the view of facilitating the trade of the port of Melbourne the Victorian Commissioner of Customs has in contemplation a concession by which drawbacks shall be allowed on all goods not specified in the tariff, except second-hand articles liable to a fixed rate of duty, and wines, spirits, beer, tobacco, and cigars. A farmer from the lower part of the river at Kempsey e.-nmates that the damage done to the crops by the Hood is not nearly so bad as was at first supposed. A large nnd enthusiastic meeting in favour of federation hud been held iu Melbourne. The Btrike at Marshall's boot factory in Melbourne Btill continues. About 230 hands are idle. A telegrn-i from Nathalie reports the destruction by fire of Uichardson's flour-mills. The loss is estimated » r, £12,000. It is understood that the insurance amounts to .£5000. The revival of gold-mining at Wood's Point led to a discus,- ion as to the amount of gold raised there 30 years ago. A return shows that the total yield from April, 18G4, to September, 186G, was 193,231oz. Provisions are very scarce and dear at Cool gardie. There has not been any tinned meat at Hannan's a^d the White Feather for the past ten days. The half-caste girl who wr.s supposed to be suffering from small pox at an hospital near Perth is now said to have only chicken-pox. A conference concerning rust in wheat will be held at Brisbane shortly. An exciting scene occurred in the Presbyterian Assembly on Tuesday morning, when some very ' unparliamentary' expressions, such as ' It's a lie,' ' a lying slander,' etc., were freely used, the Rev. T. J. Curtis apparently being the chief offender. Cardinal Moran has issued a pastoral letter on the unity of his Church, contrasting it with the dissensions among other denominations. It is alleged that a telegram of 40 words was recently sent from the Colonial Secretary's Office, Phillip-street, to an office in Pitt- street, not more than a score of yards from the General Post Office. Blackham, the captain of the Victorian team has been asked by the Victorian Association to explain what he meant by sayin*? the intercolonial match in Sydney wjis won by the Sydney umpire. The quantity of butter exported from the colony this season has already exceeded 2,880,0001b., re presenting £114,000. Here is a good story of the bishop of Peterborough. Happening so pay a visit to a celebrated country house the Biohop was offered the use of the haunted room. Not being afraid of gliost3 he accepted this without demur. Upon the following morning, at breakfast, it was noticed that the bishop looked solemn, and he was therefore naturally asked if a ghost had appeared to him. ' Yes,' said the Bishop. 'What did he say to you?' was the next question. ' Oh, I spoke to it first.' Really ! what did you say ?' ' I asked it to subscribe to my new Cathe dral.' ' And what did the ghost say ?' 'Nothing — it disappeared at once.' The Hoosnc tunnel in Massachusetts is the longest in the United States; length, 4$ miles; cost, £3,500,000. Early on Wedneeday morning Sarah Bailey, a widow, residing at Balmain, took an axe and struck a seven-year-old daughter about the head. The child was taken to the Balmain Cottage Hospital, and serious fears are entertained for her recovery. Senior constable Duncnn went to tho house soon after and found the woman held down on the bed by several men. She was in a delirious condition and raving, and was taken to the station on a stretcher, when a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm was entered against her ; she was then taken to the Reception House, Darlingburst. About 9 o'clock Mrs. Bailey complained to a lodger that sho felt very miserable and had a bad head. She then told h«r daughters Emily and Alice not to go to school. The children went into tho yard to piny and Mrs. Bai'ey went to her room. About, half au hour later she rushed downstairs into the yard whore the two girls were playing, nicked up a small axe and attacked the younger child. Emily, whose skull was chopped in several places. Dr. L. Gordon Davidson examined the child on its admission into the hospital and found a large wound extending from the middle vertex of tbe skull down to the left parietal bone. _ Below the ear the bone had been driven into the skull, and the brain was protruding from the wound ; he succeeded in removing twelve small pieces of bone from the wound, which was twelve incheB long ; there were also several small cuts ab.iut the face and nose ; he believed the child was Etruck three times. The unfortunate girl is now in a very critical condition.— Later : The child Sarah Bailey, the victim of the Balmain tragedy, flied in the afternoon. An outrageous assault waa committed on William Williams, a Market-street bookmaker, on Tuesday night by a tough named Richard Johniton. Tho latter entered prosecutor's thop and demanded fl pipe ; meeting with a refusal he seized Williams, dragged him out, and threw him into the gutter, dislocating his arm. At the Court a fine of £5 was imposed, with the option of four months hard labour. Hetty Johnston, the petitioner in the divorce suit Johnston v. Johnston, in the course ot her evidence stated that when sho remonstrated with respondent concerning a letter he received from a woman ac Orange he attempted to choke her repeatedly ; he ill-used her and kicked her in the stomach while she was in a delicate state of health, aud threatened to cut her throat on one occasion when he was quite Bobcr. Corroborative testimony being tendered a decree nisi was granted. Tho ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the office of the Mutual Life Association of New York, was performed on Wednesday in the presence of a large number of *p? ctators. Tlie building wa3 tastefully decorated with bunting. The Premier was presented with a golden trowel, and de clared the stone well and truly laid. About two hundred representative citizens were then enter tained at luncheon, Mi.jor Rennio presiding. The toast of 'Tho Ministry' was proposed by Mr. Pilcher, BI.L.C., who said although he opposed the present occupants of the treasury benches politically, he admired their action in connection with the financial crisis. Sir George Dibbs briefly replied. Mr. Francis Adaui3 proposed the toast of ' The Parliament,' which was responded to by Mr. McMillan, who had an enthusiastic reception. In tho course of his speech he said the best thing the present Parliament could do w.s to die. He fully endorsed the eulogises p issed upon tho Go vernment for its action in regard to the recent financial troubles. The Premier proposed ' Success to the Mutual Life Insurance Society of New York,' and dwelt at considerable length upon the great success of the institution. Major Rennie suitably replied, going largely into statistics, showing the phenomenal advancement made by tho old company during late years. Colonel Bell, the American Consul, also acknowledged tho toa3t, and eloquently dwelt oa tho dominion that would ultimately bo governed by tlie Anglo-Saxon race. After a few other formal toasts the proceedings terminated amid much en thusiasm. An ingenious German invenior many years ago constructed a machine so delicately balanced that the slighest movement of hands placed on its keys would immediately cause a gong to bo sounded. It was intended to guard the happy possessors of such a contrivance against the possibility of being buried alive. Wo have never heard, however, that the machine was much in demand, though their are not a few people who have vague fears that tho lids of their coffins may be screwed down on them while they are merely in a swoon. The latest story bearing on this subject comes from Staraia Russa, a town in Novgorod. The heroine of the latest resuscitation of this kind is the young Co*atess Irene Sclialzty. Although three physi cians had certified to her death, it appears that just as the coffin was getting lowered into the grave a piercing shriek was heard from within it, and that the young lady was found to be alive. It is unfortunate for the advocates of cremation that the story comes from afar. Says the Logcs Weekly Record of December 16: — 'Our Subscribers and the Public are hereby in formed that as we are having a holiday there will be no issue of this paper during Christinas week. We therefore invite all who have printing works of any description to send them to this office, so as to en sure them being done in time. For the convenience of those who may not be quite ready now, we intend to keep the office open when any work di rected to the manager as hitherto will have atten tion. However wo say : Send your Xmas and other Jobs once to ensure artistic Printing. ' There is a capital story,' remarks Electricity, ' told in connection with the introduction of the telegraph into Ireland. Patrick had a brother re siding some distance away who was hard up and asked him to supply him with a pair of boots. The boots were procured and Patrick hung them up on the telegraph wire, addressed to his fraternal relative. The next morning he went to see if they had gone. They had, and in place thereof he found a pair of sole-less shoes. He said, ' This is a wonderful invention. Dennis has not only got his new boots, but has sent mo back his old shoes.' ' Bramshill, a fine old Elizabethan house, is the reputed scene of the ' Misletoe Bough' tragedy, and at one time possessed an oak chest which was regarded as the receptacle in which the bride met her lamentable end. It is said that many years ago this chest disappeared. The then head of the house of Copo traced it, and after ineffectual efforts to induce the now owner to sell the article, wrote him a pathetic appeal in which he asked where could be the heart of a man who could refuse to allow the chest to return to its ancient home. The reply was : ' Dear Sir, — My heart is in my ohest.' According to the New York' Tribune a certain Western rail roadis known as the 'Dandelion road ' because in their season dandelions grow in such profu sion along the roadway that passing trains mat them down on the rails. The oil which is pressed out causes the wheels to slip so badly that trains have been stalled and passengers have left the cars and walk('l to their destinations. The equipment ac count of this road includes a regular outlay for mowers, scythes, and sickies. The rapidity with which photographs are now taken seems almost incredible and incapable* of measurement. We have examples of water in mid air thrown from bucket, taken in 150th of a second j of cricket, polo, and football, with the ball on the bound, taken in the 400th of a second. It is even claimed that a speed of 1-1, 500th of a second can be obtained with what is called a focal plane shutter. This is not fixed, as in ordinary cases, near the lens, but at the bock of the camera, .just in front of the dark slide, which, in fact, fits into it. The exposure is by a narrow slit in the shutter, which is on the roller-blind principle. Professor S. H. Vines, of Oxford University, states that the common sunflower is found to exhale 12oz. of water in 12 hours, and an oak tree, with an estimated number of 700,000 leaves*, will in the same way give eff something like 700 tons of wafcsr during the five months it, carries its foiiago. While ? tha other parts of plants vary but little, leaves, as befit tho most important organs, aro able to alter themselves to suit the conditions under which they have to live, so that botanists are ofton able by the appearance of a plant to tell the climate and circumstances under which it had been grown. Though Mr. Gladstone enjoyed the distinction o£ having been Prime Minister at a greater age than any other Englishmen, he is by no means the oldest member of the House of Commons, as Mr. Villiers and Sir Isaac Holden are both his seniors, though he entered Parliament before either of them. Mr. Gladstone would be in consequence the ' Father of the House ' were it not that during his long career he has been without a seat for a short time. Mr. Villiers, who enjoys that title, has sat continuously for Wolverhampton for 58 years. Perhaps an even more remnrfeable instance of prolonged mental ac tivity is that of Lord Grey, who is 91 and still retains his intellectual faculties unabated, and this in spite of tbe fact that during all his life he has been somewhat delicate. Lord Grey first entered the House of Commons as member for Winchester in 1826, being thus six years ahead of Mr. Gladstone, who was not elected till 1832. On the evening boFore a solar eclipse not longag* tbe colonel of a regiment of German infantry 'sent for all his sergeants and said to them: 'There wil' be an eclipse of the Run to- morrow. The regi» ment will meet on the parade ground in undress, I will enmo and expliin the eclipse before the drill. If the day is cloudy the men will meet in the drill shed ns usual.' The Sergeants thereupon drew up the following ordei of the day: ' To-morrow morn ing by order of the colonel, there will bo an eelipso of the sun. The regiment will assemble on the parade ground, where the colonel will come and superintend the eclipse in person. If the day is cloudy the ecilpso will take place in tho drill shed.' When a young man Mncaulay said of Gladstone : lie is plausible when most in error. When it suits himself or his party he can apply himself with the strictest closeness to tho real point at isBue ; when to evade the point is deemed most politic no man can wander from it more widely.' And Lord Malmasbury tells tho following story : ' But Garibaldi is married ; the lady can not have him ; he has a wife.' Lord Palmeston : ' Sho does not! ; matter. We will get Gladstone to explain het away.'' 