Recollections of Geoflry Itamlyu. CHAPTER XX.— Continued. We bad a glorious batbe, and then sat on the rock, smoking, talking, and watching the various maDcevures of the blacks. An old lady, apparently about eighty, with a head as white as snow, topping her black body (a flourbag cobbler, as her tribe would call her), was panting a canoe along in tbe shallow water on tbe opposite Aide of the river. She was entirely without clothes, and in spite of her decrepitude Btood upright iu tbe cockleshell, hand ling it with great dexterity. When she was a little above as, she made way on her barque, and shot into the deep water in tbe middle of the stream, evidently with the intention of speaking as. As, however, she was just halfway across, floating helplessly, unable to reach the bottom with the spear she had used as a puntpole in the shallower water, a mischievous black imp canted her over, and souse she went into the river. It was amazing to see how boldly and well the old woman struck oat for the shore, keeping her white head well oat of the water; and having reached dry land once more, sat down on her haunches, and began scolding with a volubility and power which would soon have silenced the loudest tongue in old Billingsgate. Her anger, so far from wearing out, grew on what fed it; so that her longdraWn yells, which seemed like parentheses in her jabbering discourse, were getting each minnte more and more acute, and we were just thinking about moving homewards, when a voice behind us sang oat,— " Hallo, Major! Having a little musid, eh 1 What a sweet song that old girl is singing! I mUBt write it down from dictation, and translate it, as Walter Scott used to do with tbe old wives' ballads in Scotland." " I have no doubt it would be quite Ossiapic—equal to any of the abusive scenes in Homer. But, my dear Harding, bow are you ? You are come to eat your Christmas dinner with us, I hopef! " That same thing, Major," answered the comet*. "Tronbridge and Stockbridge, how are yon 1 This, I persume, 4 is' your partner, Hamlyn 1" v We went back-to the house. Hard- , jog, I found, was half owner of a station to the north-east, an Oxford . man, a great band at sky- larking, and ap inveterate writer of songs. He was good looking too, and gentlemanlike, in faCt, a very pleasant companion in every Dinner was to be at six o'clock, in -.imitation of home hours; but we did not find the day hang heavy on our hands, there was so much to be Bpoken of by all of us. And when that important meal was over we gathered in the Opbn air in front of the house, bent U{k>n making Christmas cheer. " What is yonr last new song, eh, Harding V said the Major; " now is tbe time to ventilate it." "I've been too busy shearing for song-writing, Major." Soon after this we went in, and there we sat till nearly ten o'clock, laughing, joking, singing, aad drinking punch". Mary, sat between James Stockbridge and Tom, and they three spoke together to exclusively and so low, that the rest of us were quite forgotten. Mary was smiling atad laughing, first at- one and Han at the other, in her old way, and and then as I glanced at her I help sighing. Bat I Boon certain resolutions I had tried not to notice the trio, >ake myself agreeable to the my eyes wandered Igain intuitively. I tact never looked so Eer cfemplttfion was very full, as though she were blushing at something one of them had said to her, and while I watched I saw James rise and go to a jug of flowers, and bring back a wreath of scarlet Kennedis, saying :— " Do as a favour on Christmas night, Mary ; twine this in yoar hair." She bluBbed deeper than before, but she did it, and Tom helped her. There was no harm in that, you say, far was he not her cousin ? Bat still I could not help saying to myself, "Oh Miry, Mary, if you were a widow, how long would you stay so i" " What a gathering it is, to be sure!" said Mrs. Buckley?—" all the old Drumstonians who are alive collected under one roof." " Except the Doctor," said the Major. " Ab, yes, dear Dr. Mulhaus. I am so sad sometimes to think that we shall never see him again." " I miss him more than any one," said the Major. " I have no one to contradict me now." , " I shall have to take that daty upon me, then," said his wife. " Hark! there is Lee come back from the sheep station. Yes, that must be his horse. Call him in an give him a glass of grog. I was sorry to send him oat to-day." " He is coming to make his report," said Mrs. Buckley; " there is a heavy tramp outside the door." The door was opened, and tbe new comer advanced to where the glare of the candles fell upon his face. Had the Gentleman in Black himself advanced out of the darkness at that moment, with his blae bag on his aroi and his bundle of documents in his hand, we should not have leapt to our feet and cried out more suddenly than we did then. For Doctor Mulhaus stood in the middle of the room, looking round him with a bland smile. CHAPTER XXI. HE stood in the candle-light, smiling blandly, while we all stayed for an instant, after our first exclamation, speechless with astonishment. The Mjjor was the first who showed signs of consciousness, for I verily believe that one half of the company at least believed him to be a ghost. " You are the man," said the M -jor, " who in tbe flesh called himself Maximilian Mulhaus ! Why are you come to trouble us, O spirit ?—not that we shouldn't be glad to see you if you were alive, you know, but—my dear old friend, how are you ?' Tlien we crowded round him, all speaking at once and trying to shake hands with him. Still he remained silent, and smiled. I, looking into his eyes, saw that they were swimming, and divined why he would not trust himself to speak. No one hated a show of emotion more than the Doctor, and yet his brave warm heart would often flood his eyes in spite of himself. He walked round to the fire-place, and, leaning againBt the board that answered for a chimney-piece, stood looking at us with beaming eyes, while we anxiously waited for him to speak. " Ah!" he said at length, with a deep sigh, " this does me good, I have not made my journey in vain. A man who tries to live in this world without love must, if he is not a fool, commit suicide in a year. I went to my own home, and my own digs barked at me. Those I had raised oat of the gutter, and set on horseback, splfrfchffirand on me as I walked. I will JPSaoIt, I said, to the little English family who loved and respected me for my own sake, though they be at the ends of the earth. So I left tho?e who should have loved me with an ill-concealed smite on their faces, and when I come here I am welcomed with tears of joy from those 11 have not known five years. Bali! Here is my home, Buckley : let me live aud *lie with you." "Live!" said the Major—"ay, while there's a place to live in : don't talk about dying yet, though,—we'll think of that presently. I can't find words enough to give him welcome. Wife, can you ?" " Not I, indeed," she said ; " and what need ? He can see a warmer welcome in our faces than an hour's clumsy talk could give him. I Hay, Doctor, you are welcome, now and for ever. Witt that serve yi>u, husband 1' I could not help looking at Miss Thornton. She sat silently stariug at him through it all, wiih her hands claBped together, beating them upon her knee. Now, when all was quiet, and Mrs. Buckley and Mary had run oQ to the kitchen to order the Doctor some supper, he seemed to 'see her for the first time, and bowed profoundly. She rose, and, looking at him intensely, sat down again. The Doctor had eaten his supper, and Mrs. Buckley had made him something to drink with her own hands; the Doctor had lit his pipe, and we had gathered round the empty fire-place, when the Major said,— " Now, Doctor, do tell us your ad • ventures, and how yon have managed to drop upon us from tbe skies on Christmas-day." " Soon told, my friend," be 1 answered. See here. I went back to Germany because all ties in England were broken. I went to Lord C : I said, ' I will g > back and see the palingenesis of my country ; I will see what tliey are doing, now tbe French are in ihe dust.' He said, ' G >, atfj< God speed you !' I weni. What I find 1 Beggars on horseback e where, riding post-haste to the devil not as good horsemen, ^jf^ier, but as tailors of Brentford, and crowding one another into the mud to see who would be there first. « Let me get out of this before they ride over me,' said I. So I came forth to Englaud, tojk ship, and here I am." ; " A most lucid and entirely satisfactory explanation of what you have been abo it. I must say," answered tbe Major ; " however, I must be content." At tilis moment, little Sam, who had made his escape in the confusion, came running in breathless. " Papa ! papa !" said he, " Lee haB come home with a snake seven feet long." L«e was at the door with the reptile in his hand—a black soak*, with a deep Balmoncoloured belly, deadly venomous, as I knew. All the party went out to look at it, except the Doctor and Mi6S Thornton, who stayed at the fire place. "Mind your hands, Lec!" I heard James say; " though the brute is dead, you might prick your fiugers with him." I was behind all the others, waiting to look at the snake, which waB somewhat of a large one, and worth seeing, HO I could not help overbearing the conversation of Miss Thornton and the Doctor, and having heard the first of it my ears grew so unnaturally quickened, that I could not for the life of me avoid hearing the whole, though I was ashamed of playing eavesdropper. To be contintied. The Y.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase was run on Saturday, ana resulted as follows: —Daimio, 1; Cerb.-rus, 2; Reckless, 3. " Queensland politics -are machine made —turned out to order, in fact, when the banks and tbe mortgage companies touch the sprite."—PAHKES. Re bullet proof clothing. Many late experiments^ are denounced as mere tricks. The force of impacts is known to experts. A regulation bullet fired from a regulation rifle strikes with the power of three thousand pounds, or a ton and a-half, and this Would kill a bullock, even if the bullet did not penetrate tbe prepared nwdium. The recoil of such a rifle u equal to a blow of one hundred pounds, and yet the mnsic ball chit of sixteen is supposed to opj with perfect impunity and the set smile of i circus-rider. 