UNDER THE VERANDAH. Although abased as a brigand by those who oomo undor tho operation of his taxation pro posals, tho Treasurer exhibits a sympathotio lenienoy whioh stands In tamnrkablo contrast to othor examples. The country land ownor is to bo wholly oxompt from the incomo tax, and tho wealthy Biverina squnttor and tho mining millionaire, who livo In luxury in Molbourno, will not ho asked to pay anything on tho return they reoeive from their trans- Murray propertiss. It may bo thought that Mr. Turner is more liberal than equitablo in tho wldenoas of his oxomptions. Certainly ho doos not follow South Australian or New Zealand precedent, while, as for Tasmania, Mel bourne morolionto aro loud in outcry against tlio proposition to tax them on the amount of profit whioh they aro able to dorive .from Tasmanian business. If Mr. Tumor is not a stags brigand, tho simulated indignation againBt his proposals partakes very largely of the nature of ft stage outburst. Thoro are some errors whioh havo as many lives as a oat ; at any rate, carreation novor aeems to enlighten popular knowledge as far as they are oonoernod. I see that tho hon. mambor for Maldon has fallen into the old familiar misquo tation of oonfusing Mrs. Shelley's hero with tho monster he brought into being. In defending tho Pnttersonian prinolplo of slashing nt tho olvil servants, be aooused tho Government of having oreatad a Frankenstein In assuming any contraot. Now, if Mr. M'lntyrs will only read a littlo of literary history ho will discover that Frankonstein was tbo name of tho student who, having discovered tho seoret of tho oauso of life, orcatei ft living boing, who,, destitute of all instinoto of morality, thenceforth beoamo tho . bano and torment of bis existence. It la related that Mrs. Sholley's weird nnd powerful romance was tho outcome of a ohnllenge from Lord Byron, who ogreod with her to writo eomotlilng In imitation of Gorman ghost stories. Tho nobla lord produced his tale of TAe. Vampire, whioh posterity has almost forgotten, bat Mrs. Shelley's was an original oonocptlon that has taken hold of the publio mind "at onco and for over." The vanity of human nature is illustrated by tbo controversial Importanoe attaahod to tha question whothor our gonial chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works is entitled to tho armorial bearings of tho White' Knight. A voioe from the Gravo has beon hoard to give nuthoritativo utterance on this vexata qucstio, but his dictum that the last Whito Knight died so long ago as 1582 in naturally disputed by Mr. Fitz Gibbon, who claims to bo tha legitimate holder of tho title. After all, - what is the value of this rosoaroh into musty re cords? It may be ploasing to littlo souls to stand npon anolent dignitios ; but has not Ten nyson summed up this iseuo with admirable oommon sense when he dcolnrco that — Tho grand old gnnloner anrihfs wlfo Snillo at tlio claims of long doscont ; Kind hearts nro moro than coronets, And simple faith than Norman blood. Mr. Turner will open his eyes with amazement if lie reads the Sydney papers, for thero lie will find it recorded with tho unquestioning com placency of free- trade assertion that Mr. Duncan Gillies attributes tho sudden foil in Vlotorian seourities in tho London market to tho Treasurer's utterances. ' Wo know very well on this side of tbo Murrey that Mr. Duncan Gillies did nothing of tlio kind, bnt that ho ascribed the prejudicial influence to nn Argus nrtiole repro duced in tho London Standard. Tho indisoretions so trenchantly condemned should bo shroted homo to tho proper quarter. In reality, how evor, tho origin of tho Injury to Australian credit may be moro oloarly traced in tho con fession of a Sydney banker:— "I think if wo had 1893 to live over again, we should not have allowed tho Federal Bonk to atop pay mont." Unfortnnato Mrs. Cooilo Anderson, who is undorgoing a life sontenoo for the murder of John Frassr, may well exolaim " Save mo from my frionds." Shortly after bor sentence a mis guided foreigner addressed a publio mooting with tho view of presenting a petition to tlio Execu tive praying for her absolute pardon. Unde terred by the idioms of a language whioh ha lias not wholly grasped, this gentleman " orated " for over an hour, being apparently "intoxicated with the exuberance of hiB own verbosity," as Boaconsfield puts it. And hero lot me paren thetically remark that ono of the features ol " this ond " of tho nineteenth ccntnry is tho prevalence of stump oratory on the part of foreigners who have to wrestle thoir way through every sentonce. The Iobi they oomprehend tlio tonguo the moro thoy apeak it, and we are deluged with eloquence of tho pigeon-English stamp. To ravort to Mrs. Andersen's case, I should say that her friends- assuming that thoy are suoh, and that they valne her liberty more than their own eloqnenes — are following a polioy whiah mast bo fatnl to her interests in agitating for her release at the present juncture. There aro Bpoeiol ciroum stancos in tbo case whioh might justify tho Excoutive in releasing her aftor a few years of imprisonment, but no Exeoutlvo would dare to free a prisoner convicted of murder after inoar- aeration for two or threo wooks. Whatever faults may attach to our jury Bystom.wc certainly cannot aboliah it in favor of trial by publia meetings. Tbo Tasmanian Trwuurer will doubtless plead that poverty is responsible for the inconsistencies of taxation into whioh ho has been botrayed. Dolcgatea from the colonies are invited to assemble in Hobart next month in tho saored name of Federation ; but they aro warned to como in old olothes, unless thoy de siro to contribute to tlio customs revonue of the island. So with visitors and touriats, who, attrnotcd on one sido by the olmrms of Tasmanian scenery and tho magnet of the Exhibition, are ropollcd on the other by the intimation that any new drosses or articles of olothing will bo liable to duty. Tho Minister promises that oustoms officers will intorpret their instructions with n liberal diiorotion, bnt past experience of their tendor mercies will not yiold much oonsolation from this assurance. Was it satire on tho part of a wioked roportor or simple inadvertenoo that inoludod Professor Harper among tho devoted admirers of Miss Sutherland who ossomklod In the Town Hall tha othor day to sound that good lady's praiBos ?- A lady visitor to our oolony was anxious until Miss Sutherland wob pointed out to her. "Just what I expeoted" was tho comment after, a moment's sarntiny. " Sho plaits hor hair and hoops her hat on with oiastio instead of a long pin." All tho speakers agreed that Miss Sutherland was too valuable a worker to be retained by any one 'aeot. "Sho is too big a woman" said Barrister Maxwell in his big voice, " too large hearted to be anything but a State worker. You've only got to look at her whon aho plants her foot firmly and thrusts her hands deep in tho pookets of hor ooat to know that Bho would not long agree with a denominational directorate." Some one supplemented the ancodoto of tho hard workod parson who upon being rcaommonded a co-worker ropliod, " No, no ; whon twomen ride the same donkey onemust rido behind, and I won't go nsxt the tall." Mr. Doakin was reooived tumultuously ; bnt Mr. Poaooak'a youthful nppearanoa oaused a atir amongst tho boraekooping folk who know not tho groat ones of Viotoria by sight. "Who's that?" asked an old lady of ma in tho speech of Aberdean. "The Ohlof Seorotary I Hoot I that wean. Na wunner the country's goin' doon hill." It has been generally admitted that nothing oan lio like figures, aud the Tory organ has taksn great palim to demon- atrate the faot beyond tha possibility of doubt that mathematics, though the purostof all sciences, may bs prostituted to servo tho parpoie of any passing political craze. Starting with tho fundamental proposition that "one timos one la one," the manipulator, through design or ignorance, may arrive at tho most astounding conoluaions. And even literature is not safo from the ravages of the mathematical buccaneer. Uuder some such heading as What the People Read, wo have from time to time been treated to comparative tables of tho works most in voguo in olronlaling libraries, the com piler uttorly ignoring the faot that tho books moat appreciated by tho great English speaking community nro those wliioh they keop religiously in their own homos and whioh they have no occa sion to borrow. If the circulating library were to be taken as an index to tho literary tastes of the public, where would a work like tho Bible be? A man would be ashamed to ask for tbe loan of Holy Writ, because everyone is supposed to havo a oopy in his house. The earns remark would apply to Shakspeare, Dickens, Tbaokcray and cevoral other authors whoso works have to bo kept availablo for oonstant rofcronao, and which are not to be meroly skimmed and then banded back. If tbe table based on the oiroulat- ing library returns woro beaded Books wbioh the People Skim it would have some value, but as nu indication of the litorary taste of the public it is a manifest absurdity. The rule against smoking on railway plat forms is usually mora honored in the breaoh than in tho observance ; but there was an officious portor on n suburban station the other day who determined that the regulation ahonld be rigidly observed. To the first person who camo strolling on tho platform pipe in mouth ho sternly insisted thnt he must desist. ' Tho pas senger pleaded oustom, but the official was inexorable, and the station master being appealed to, returned tho diplomatio nnswer tbat his attention having been called to tho breaoh of tho by-law, the order must ba enforced. The passenger pooketcd ills pipe and bided his time. Soon an important looking Individual carao on tho atation smoking a oigar. "Porter," called: out the first offender, " seo that the by-law is obeyed." Tho porter had to exhibit an impartiality of treatment. And then for tho next few minutes his life was made a misery, as the duty lie had taken upon himself was sternly insisted upon. In future this par ticular porter may be trusted to " wink tho .other eye " when the smoking by-law is .infringed. . " I wonder if there's anything to bo mado out of pirating?" said my friend to mo the other day after a prolonged grumble at the times. 'Sinco asking that he lias answered his own : query with an emphatio affirmative. He livea ; in n good and populous suburb. His property is woll fonoed, and ho possesses maidservants ' and watoh dogs. Likcwiso he has, or rathor had, 26 young duoks. Upon a golden afternoon two geniuses, born out of duo time, dug a hole under my friend's fowl yard fence and enticed tho fat duoks over to it by throwing them wheat. \- Tho ducks oame closer and oloscr. The wheat : was given lavishly, and thoy gobblod greedily — .gobbled till they fell over on their Bidea dead, drunk, and were placed without n quack in tho geniuses' bags. Tho wheat had beon soaked in whisltyi Naturally, the sappers and miners . who oould perform this feat at 4 o'clock in the ; afternoon would tako care not to bo caught by anything so aommonplaco as a policoman. Prisoners within a short period of tho expiry of their sentences aro sometimes allowed to ; leave the products of tho gaol under warders' ' supervision, and tboir services are utilised for ' odd jobs. It is shrewdly oaioulated that they ' will not care to run the risk of adding to their 1 imprisonment by any attempt at escape. Still the practice may sometimes load to the innocent ' and unsuspeoting being inadvertently led into a ; serious breaoh of the gaol regulations. The other day a Government olerk traversing the gloomy corridors of the publio buildings : was accosted by an individual presenting . a respectable appoaranco in front, with " Give us n plug of tobaceo, matey." Ho good- naturedly responded, all unwitting that the . man's baok bore the stamp of tho broad arrow. As lie passed in he was stuek up by tho warder, who dcclarsd that ho must have liis name and ' nddrose in order to prosecute him for giving tobacco to a prisoner of the Crown, Tho olerk ' had niuoh diffioulty in eatisfying the vigilant . warder that he was innocent of any nefarious intention. Meanwhile, the causa of all the . trouble oontentedly chewed bis plug. An episode of the oonoert held in tho Town ' Hall last Monday BuggsBts a new version of an ' anoient oonundrum. Instead of " Where was 1 WoBts when the candle went out?" wo may in future read, "Where wsb Elijah when the \- olcotrlo light wont out?" The prophet, as im personated by Mr, O'Hara, was just about to exolaim, " It is enough ;" but had the inrildent occurred a couple of minutes later the well known surgeon would no doubt have folt in- ollncd to substitute, "It is too much."' . Life in Coolgardio is described by a visitor ' recently returned as the concentration of misery. Hero is a' eoneise and unflattering picture "A patch in a desert, with a blister ing sun, rain as searoe as in nitrato oountry, a mixed population of assorted tastes and patterns, a woful absence of sanitation, con densed wator, tinned meats, dust storms and chaos." The publican strikes tho richest lead. Tho boat and tho salino quality of tho water conduce to the creation of a thirst whioh is ' novcr satisfied. Still, money must be made to etand the cxpenso of conviviality, for at the opening- of .the Mining Exolianga there were 20 ' cases of champagne drunk at £10 a case. .' ' ' . ATTIOUS. 