TAKING ''111 B.LACIK V'EIL. \----4-- AN IMPRESSIVE SERVICE. St. Augustine's Church, Wolon,ga, was well tilled on Wednesday morning, when a novice of tie order made her profession. The young lady who took her final vow comes, from Cootamundra, N.S.W'., but has passed her period of pro bation as postulnut anld novice in St. Joseph's Convent, Wdhlngs. Her secular name is Miss Mary. Conlon, but she will be known in future as Sister Mary Joseph. The celebrant was the Very Rev. P. Dunne, of Newtownn, Albury, and the other clergy present at the. ceremony were the Rev. ItR. J. Carr' and J. F. Gaffey (Chiltern), and Father Lane (Albury). The ceremenlal which accompanies the profession of a novice is of the most im pressive character. Nothing is cmnitted that can lend intensity to the solemnity of the occasion or deepen the effect which the sight of a young and refined woman voluntarily separating herself from the world must create uplon the inagination. Te.realise the full meaning of the service it is necessary to understand the rules under which ladies are permitted to become religious members of the Sisters of Mercy. After a period of probation, the postulant proceeds to the ceremony af reception, at which for the first time her hair is cut off, and she dons the white veil of a novice. Then follows all interval of two years, and finally the ceremony of irofessing,- when the novice takes the black veil of a religious sister, and solemnly tuakes the triple vowi of poverty,' chastity, and obedience. It is the irre vocable step, the final renunelation; and its performance, with all' the imposing eeremonial of the Church of Rome, must awaken the moat devout and reverent emotions in those who witness it. At ninle o'elhck on Wednesday morning the servies commnenced by a procession of the novicesa, the professed religiuus, and the clergy. Each of the anovices and the religious sisters bore a lighted ' candle, and, headed' by the cross-bearer (Miss Ellen Egan), they filed slowly into the church. - The contrast between tie spotless white robes of the novices sand the sombre veils of the nuns- gave-the scene an latense dramatic inlterest,' which was heightenedby the blaze eo candles on the altar. Next came the solemn blesqing of the black veil, which the novice was moon to adopt for the rest of her life, sad the consecration of the ;ring. which each nun wears on her left hIand as a symbol if her spiritual union with:Our- Saviour. The novice was then conducted by the Reverend' Mother to . the . altar, when Father 'Dunne 'iiterrogated ' her as follows:- Celebrant--My child, what- do yob demand? 'Novice- I most humbly beg to be received intob the Holy Profession. Celebrant-3My clhild,l do you consider yourself sufliciently instructed in what regards the vows ef religion and the rules anid cbnstitution of thii institute; and do you know the obligations you contract by the Holy Profession I Novice--Yes; with'the grace of God. Celebranlt-LMay God grant 'un '?erseid veranlce in this your holy resolution; anid may Hle deign in His mercy to 'consum. mate what he has begun. lii the a mne of the Fatller, and of the Sunl, and of tile nHoly Ghout."Amen. :'' After this a solemn mass was said by Father Oarr, the* O" Salautris " being effectively sung by Miss Emma Allan, and the novice was again led to the' altar,' whre the Confiteor was repeated. Then, as Father Dunne ele vated the adorable sacrament, the novice read the following act of profesion, "In the name nef our Lord and Saviour 'Jesus Christ, 'and. under the protection of His immaculate mnother Mary,ever Virgin, ,I, Mary Conloan, called in religion Sister Mary Joseph, do vow and promise to Guo poverty, chastity, and ,obodience, and the service otf the poor, sick, and ignorant, and to persevere until death in this insti tute of Our Lady of Mercy according to its approved rule and constitutions; under tile authority and presence' of you, reverend father in God, asnd of ,our reve mother, called- in religloun Mary-, mother superior of this Convent of Mercy, this 10th-day of October, in the year of our Lrd, 1894." Having written a crass after mher sig nature, the newly- professod iister retired to her place, and the service was resumed. Later on, at the invitation from theasltar, "rCome, spouse ,of Christ, receive the Crown which the Lord hathi prepared for thee," tile newly 'prifessed again 'u proached tle sanctuary, and received the blacI veil fro un tlioe hasdasd',f the cele brant. Next the blessed ring was placed on the third finger of the left hand, with the words: "M.ny Jes. s Chrrist S. n of tle livin.g God, who has now., espouased thee, prn. tact thee froni iall duainger.1 Receive thena the riung of faith, the eeal of the Hily Ghost, that: thouinisay:st be called the spouse of Christ, and if thou art faithful. be crowned with hin fiir ieve. In thi unae oif tile Father. and i t the Sun, asind of the Holy Ghobst."-r.; And the lonewly profesoed responded: "I am' espoused ii to hinni whnn tine anlgels aerve,'amnd at. whose beauty the sun and linioon staed in woander." Than,. after ansome further responses, the newly;pirofea'edt ifristriated herselif biftire thelratar-all the people otadinng-while the, Te Denum LaIdamus wassung. Lastly. the newly.professed was sprinkled withl hily water, and the act of professiln was finished. Then f llonwed as touching seeatnle. Tile newly.prifelssed was' cll duc?vit to thie Revereranl Mither. to whom shie knels, aind whi;, raised aind emnbraced hier. "Thean, pasaing .alntg tIle linu if relgimus sisters, eac? inl turnll bowed and embrneod her. 