THE STORY-TELLER. THE ADVENTURES OF DORA BELL, DETECTIVE. BY MRS. OOEBBXT, Author of '* Adventures of a Lady Detective," "The Mystery of YeUsmere," "Behind the VeU,"&c.; . THE MYSTERIOUS THIEF. "Now, Miss Bell," said my ancle to me one day, I have anise little job for you. A certain Mr. Flower*, of Kite-street, City, baa had no fewer than five different thefts from bis house within three montbe. The thief seeme to go very cunningly about his work, for, so far, tie has proved absolutely undetectable, although the police have had the matter in band from the first." " And of what nature are the things that bare been stolen ?" 1 asked. "Well, their variety would "be amusing, were it not so perplexing," said Mr. Bell. "The firet thing fabat was missed was a small ncripbox containing a recently executed will and some important trust deeds, Mr. Flowers, I should mention, is a solicitor, who resides in rooms over the premises in which be carries on his business. Of course he was in 'a great etate about losing such responsible property. But not the slightest clue to the perpetrators of the theft ooald be discovered." "' If it bad been my own property that had been stolen I would not have minded so much,' said Mr. Blowers. ' But trust deeds 1 it is too dreadful.' "Various theories were promulgated as to the nature and motives of the thief, the most feasible one being that some one hearing that a relative had made a will, had conceived the idea that it Was inimioal to bis interests, and had resolved to steal it irom the solicitor with whom he believed it to have been deposited. As, however, the ab stracted will was thst of an old lady who had no relations or friends who oould have ex pected her mosey eves this theory suffered from objeotione. "In a few weeks it waB exploded alto gether, for a second robbery took place at the house of Mr. Blowers. This time it was the greater'part of the silver plate that was missing. Experts were all agreed that the thief knew the whole of the interior arrange ments of the establishment. Olerks and ser vants were all subjected to rigid cross questioning and watohing, but came out of the ordeal with flying ooloure. Mr. Flowers, in fact, considered them all above suspicion. But it was natural that for a time the detectives should hardly be of bis opinion. "Very soon robbery number three was discovered. Mrs. Flowers's watch and chain had disappeared. Two days later three bank notes of £10eaoh were mieeing. These Mr. Flowers was sure he had first looked in a oash box, then in the office safe. After watohing the departure of his two clerks and the offioe boy he carefully looked to the Bafety of the windows, to whioh some patent burglar alarms had lately been attached, then he looked and double-looked the office door, taking all the keys upstairs with him, and putting them under his pillow. " Vet, strange to say, on entering the offioe next morning, before the arrival of bis olerks, he found the noteB missing. All' the doors and looks were exactly as he had left them, yet on opening the casbbox it was found to be empty. By this time both he and those in his employ were thoroughly soared, and one of the clerks told me this morning that he and bis colleagues had only refrained from giving Mr. Flowers notice to leave because they fesred their reluctance to stay might be construed into a virtual admission of their own participation in the mysterious thefts. "ThiB morning matters reaobed a olimax when Mr. Flowers on rising discovered biB own watoh to have disappeared aa completely as that of his wife's had done. I was sent for to see if I oould throw any light on this strange affair. I found Mr.'Flowers looking the picture of rage and mystification, and bis clerks wore sulkily proceeding with their work, their expressions almost indicating a dawning disbelief in the extent of their employer's losses. The office boy struck mo as looking rather jubilant. Be evidently revels in the BenB&tional.; " In the more private part of the establish ment tbinge looked no better. Tbe lady of the house was in hysterias, and the housemaid was packing up her clothes, and vowing that if they looked her up for it she wouldn't atop any longer in a place that was haunted. Asked if she had Been anything that oould warrant her assertion that the house was haunted, she replied that nothing but a ghost oould take money- and jewelleryout of looked-up places without having been near the keys, the latter being invariably found whore they had been put before the maBter went to " I managed to persuade the housemaid into ! a more pliant frame of mind by promising to bring her an associate to help in the work, and keep the oook and herself company until the mystery had been made clear. The cook was eaeier to deal with, for ehe had arrived at a pitoh of unbelief that was positively amusing. " * I'm about sick of all the fuBs and bother there has been lately,' she said. 'And I won't be worried any more over it. It'e my opinio# that there ain't) never been a single thing stole, and that ttie master's trying to get up a sensation all for nothing.' " But where are the things, if they haven't been Btolen 1' I asked. " ' Well, betwixt yon and me I think there ain't two ways about it. I've lived in families before where they was pretty bard up for ready money sometimes, and were only too ready to do it.' " * Do what?' " 'Why, pawn 'em, to be sure.' " * What, pawn banknotes?' "'No, the banknotes haven't been pawned. There's no need of that. I exfseot they've been paid away for something on the quiet. 1 The master wouldn't be the first man that had ssoretB from his wife.' j " 'And how about the papers? You don't imagine anybody would take them in pawu,-do j you ?' " ' Humph. As if that wasn't a part of the bambooalement. Ton don't throw dust into my eyes too lonef.' "With this remark the oook blenched the conversation, and I must confess that my ! thoughts had wandered for some time some what in the same direction. The inoredulonB looks of at leasb one of the olerks also bore out -the cook's reasoning. Still, if the ohjeot was merely to bamboozle his wife, why should the owner of the property said to be stolen make suob a fuss, and go to suoh an expense to bring about an nnravelment- that—could but be inimical to bis own interests if he were playing a double game 1 The whole case is ns complex and awkward as any I have comeaorosa, ancl I want your help in it." I bad listened very attentively to ray unole's story, and had already framed my ownideaof the duties expected of me. "Yon wish me to keep a oareful watoh upon all the people in the blowers establish ment, while professing to discharge domestio duties ?" I suggested. *' "Precisely," was the answer. "Both Mr. and Mrs. Flowers approve of the plan, and yon are expected to-day." A few more preliminaries being settled, I prepared myself at once for my new duties, and found on arriving at IS, Kite-street, that I was snppoBed to be a temporary housekeeper, vice Mrs. Flowers herself, incapacitated through trouble and anxiety, consequent upon the raysterioue series of robberies that had taken place in the house. The poor woman's incapacity for supervising the daily routine of her household was not feigned. She was really so ill and upset that 1 advised her to put herself under the care of the family doctor, who would give her something to quieten her nerves. Mean while, if she would lie down and rest I told her I would see that things were so conduoted in the kitohen and elsewhere that Mr. Flowers should miss none of his accustomed oomforts. It was with a sigh of satisfaction that she yielded herself to my arrangement, and I also found the eervantB easy to cope with. The prinoipal topio of conversation both in par lours and kitohen was the facility with whioh it seemed possible for somebody or other to take what they pleased out of the house. Before bedtime I bad gleaned every possible item of information relating to the mystery, and htd formed my theory as to the true state of things. After office hours Mr. Flowers fastened his lower premises up with all possible oare, and as soonae 1 could do so without being observed by the servants I carefully examined all the fastenings, and satisfied myself that the in dividual who entered from without would be very clever indeed. Ee would, in faot, have to be of the Bhadowy nature attributed to the thieves by the housemaid. At 12 o'olook every one in the house,' exoept myself, had gone to bed. But so far from retiring to rest myself I had resolved to keep oareful watch all night. I had wrapped a thiok woollen shawl round my shoulders, and stationed myself so that I commanded a full view of the doors leading from the varions bedrooms. Lest I should b9 observed myself, I took advantage of a portiere whioh shrouded a reoess used as a wardrobe, and anxiously kept the stairhead in sight. I am not of a nervoue disposition. But 1 confess that I felt a " wee bit eerie" as the big hall olock chimed the hours and half hours, while all else in the house was as still as death. It was, therefore, with an intense feeling of thankfulness that I at last saw Mr. Flowers emerge slowly and cautiously from hiB bedroom carrying in one hand hie bunoh of keys, and in the other a lighted caudle. He went straight downstairs, and holding my very breath through fear of betraying my presenoe, I followed him from the bedroom floor to the drawing-room floor, thence further downwards to the basement. Finally, walking with a strange rigidity whioh would have struck me as awesome had I not conjectured its oause, he preceded me into the oeUars whioh under lay the whole building. A minute or two later be was opening an old disused oupboard, into whioh I saw him , place two rings that he had brought down stairs with him. It was aclearooseof somnam bulism. But I dare not wake him there and then. Only pausing for an instant to consider what.was best to be done next, I noiselessly hurried upat&irs;, entered Mrs. Flowers's bed room, and rousBd her from a heavy slumber. I had scaroely suooeeded in making her un derstand me when we heard her husband coming upstairs again. Almost beside herself with alarm, she jumped out of bed, and, in epite of my caution, gave a loud scream when she saw the glassy and expressionless look in her husband's eyes. A moment later there was a somewhat wild scene between the two, for Mr. Flowers was rudely awakened, and couldn't understand my presenoe in his bedroom at first. When at last he was made to comprehend the state of affairs he expressed himself determined to get to the bottom of the mystery at once. I retired until the pair had arrayed themselves more deoorously. Then the three of us explored thecellar-oupboard together, and, just as I had expected, we found all the precious thinga which Mr. Flowers's anxiety had oauBed his sleeping senses to put in a plaoe of safety, of whioh he had no recollection when awake. The shock of his sudden awakening did him no harm. But it cured his somnambulistic: tendencies, and there have been no further supposed robberies from 15, Kite-street, End op Series. 