EXPOSITION OF TABLEAUX. The exposition of tableaux in aid of St. John's parish funds, given so successfully, udetr the direction of Mrs. Tom H. Turner, the previous week, wits repealed in tie PMechlmics' Hall ot. Friday evening, the audience being large and appreciative. All the tableaux previously shown were again given, the groupiog in some instances being slightly altered. Each was greeted with loud .:pplause, and on more thall one occa lion a second view was insisted upon. The arranement of the lights was was uclh better than o tihe previous occasion, and indeed the entertainment generally tan ituch more nmoothly. T'[he effect of the picture of the iSydney spiritualist expose was heightened by a ghost melody, Near Thee, pleasingly aung by Mrs. Walker. The two new tableaux gave much pleasure. In the first, Springtide teas beautifully represented by five young ladies, Misses Barrett (2), Reogers, Long lanids and H. Lucas. The other, perhaps the most beautiful picture of the evening, introduced Miss Dalziel as an angel in gua:rd over a sleeping child, little Miss UIltdys Taylor. The representation was exceedingly suggestive and beautiful,and its ieffect was greatly increased by the singing of the Angelus. from Mlaritana, by a lhoir helow. Mr. Hodges and Mir. Cooke de lighted the audirnce with a eostumne and character rendering of the laughable duet (lonlmardos and Pataques), My Excellent Friend, front Pepitn. The singing and acting of the highly amusing passage were I~th perfect, and the capable artistes were t?watled with a vociferous encore, to tvhiehi they responded with Twto Mariners hiold (Panl Jones). Their second effort was toere than equal to tihe first, and the audience insisted upon something further. ??easrs. Hodges and Cooke obhgingly re sponded with the repetition of the last verse of the Mtriners. ]iuring the evening the follotig, musical prograntme was capaly and piesLsingly rendered :--Mr, lodges, Wil! o' the WVisp ; Miss Leslie, Alas, these Chimes; Mr. Mellords, The Pilgrim of Love; Mr. Middleton. Day and iNight I think of Thee ; Miss tie Barrett, I was Dreamingi ; Mir. Alfreu Langlands, 'cello solo ; Mr. Mellords, A Wreath of Roses, and, as an encore, The Blue Alsatian SMountains; Mr. Mliddleton, Mly Soul to Heaven, my Heart to Thee, and, as an encore, The Soldier's Good-bye ; Miss Main bL~rtettThe Convent Bells (Rose of Castille,) Miss Bartett responded to a warm encore demand by the repetition of tihe last verse Sher song. Misses Middleton and Ruby Latglands acted most eficiently as acetmn paniost. The tHosham Orchestra gave tuneful reutlderings of tim osertures, De votedly Yours and the Village oestival, hnidle supplying the incidental music by shieb the tableaux exposition was enriched. The gross proceeds ot .the entertainments mete £23,antd the total expenses, £8,leaving abaleouc to tie good of £15. 