JRLD. Albert. ^ jHlia'b Stoby,' ' A Hidden .*,' ' BBOOKE FINOHIiKV'B ajmjqhter,' ' The Rhelu inq OP THE Peas,' Etc.. Etc. CHAPTER XIII.— LADY WYBTOK'S GARDEN FETE. Three weeks later all the rank and fashion tn and about Halestone bad assembled at Lady Wryton's garJcn fete. The day was propitious ; tje sky serene; summer amiled in aU iu freshness and beauty. „ ' I like to see the roses in bloom at my little tl frnts gatherings,' ber ladyship would remark. ' iutunm ftta have their charm, bnt tbe ronjs arc not at their best. And so I always choose the coil of June for my out-of-door parlies.*1 She smiled to-day at she glanced over bcr lose garden, in its wealth of pink and creamy bloBBom6, and no doubt the consciousness tbat the view from the lawn 'was Tich in color, and the perfume floating up from tbe terraces delicious, added to tbe cordial manner in wsicb she welcomed her guests. Among them all nose looked more in keeping with tbe fete than the beautiful MrsLarcbmore, nor were any more graciously received, » And how is Tessic ?' the great lady found time to enquire, as she retained the hand of the Vicar's young wifefor a moment. '1 shall call her ' Tessie,' not Baby, so 1 warn tou beforehand,' ' Oh, 1 like to call bcr Tcssie, too,' said Flip, much gratified. ?? And Gtoffry and 1 agree that it is a very pretty name.' ?'Geoffry and you agree in everything, my dear, and you arc an example to tbe whole parish. The Vicarage ought to be called ' Harmony Hall.' ' Again Flip smiled, while a glow of happi ness suffused ber beautiful face. She liked lo think that her love for Geoffry was a good 10 othere as well as to herself ; as she passed on amid the crowd which had gathered on the lawn, a good many persons noted how happy she was, as well as supremely lovely. ' At this time last year,' sbe was think ing, ' it was the eve of uiy weddiug da- 1 What a happy year it has been !' There were many with whom to exchange greetings as she went forward amid the throng, for undoubtedly Gcoffry's wife was a favorite with young and old, rich and poor. The buzz of conversation went merrily on, and then the strains of music broke upon tbe ear, adding to the enchantment of the Bcenc. Ihe lime flew by ; and everyone was surprised when, at eight o'clock, they were marshalled into the long pavilion erected ou the grounds, in which the supper was laid out. Flip had been enjoying everything very much. Sbe had married when bo young that she had hardly entered society, and heie ehe was gaily launched upon the stream, and eagerly welcomed. 'JlrBurfluete, will jou take Mrs Larch more in to supper ?' eaid tlic voice of htr hostess ; and a moment later Flip found lier Etlf moving in with guy company, with a Btrange thrill darting through every ouo of ber pulses. Who was this Mr Burflcete, who had just presented bis arm, and was now leading her into the pavilion 1 Surely— ehe shuddered as ?he thought, it — she had Been elsewhere. Co old e1)c mistake the man whom F,ie had twice before, on two memorable occasions, encountered ! Oh, no, no I That dark face — those eyes— which ehe had first beheld on that night when her father had insisted that she iboaM fetch the cream for PufE. and ojcain on the dawn of bet wedding day — those she could not forget. Then she was here in company with her own brother. A nd bow did be come here ? This question took away for the moment Flip's power of speech, speaking — what was lie saying r And oh, where had he come from 1 'This seems a very pretty country, Mn Larchmorc,'' remarked he i '' a cliariiiing counlrv ; very like what it is about Pevle Park. You know Pevle I dare say ? I 'am staving there with 6ir Aylmer and Lady Pejle.' 'With tbe Peylesl' stammered Flip, uncertain if she bad heard aright. (If the man was indeed her brother, how bad be gained the entree to Pcyle Park 7) ' Yes,' replied he, with easy nonchalance. *' You must have met the Pevles.' Flip faltered out ' Yes,' oh yee! I have met them at dinuer, once or twice, at Lady WrvtonV ' Ah, yes, I was sure you would know them,' he returned ; ' but 'we will discuss our mutual acquaintances presently when we are seated, Mrs Larch more. Do jou know, you, yeurself, remind me in a singular manner ot a young lady whom 1 once en countered under peculiar circumstances, to wards nine o'clock in a London street, with A milk can in her hand. If such a circum stance could be connected with you, I should set it down as a certainty tbat we have met before.' ' Likenesses we so — unaccountable i' ?tamniered she, becoming flushed and troubled. 11 Are they not !' he rejoined, carelessly. ?' Bnt here we are, at length, safely seated! What a goodly company ! Laiy Wrvton does these things so well I Will you permit me to a*k what your family name was before you married Mr Larchmore?' *' Certainly,' replied sbe, still tremulous. « My name was Olworth.' ' Thanks— many — Olworth ! Is not ibat very like Mil worth — a variation of the name, in fact. By tlie-bye do you know the Mil worths?' 'Lord Mil worth ie an i-ld friend of my husband's, and of his late father,' faltered Flip, with a vague trouble creeping into her previous light-hearterlness. Why should this man— waa he indeed her brother?— whv should he have commented on the name of Olworth, calling it a variation ol Mil worth? Was there some hidden meaning in his words? But he was speaking again — and again ber ' Talking of the Milworths, did you hear all about tbat jewel robbery which was effected little more than a year ago?'1 He was looking straight at ber as be made the careless enquiry, and it was no n'ondrr that Flip's face blanched, and tbat her shapely hand trembled. ' I did not mean to alarm you, Mrs Larch more,' said he. quickly, 'but most ladies like to hear of an exciting roblitry, i£ they at Milworth Towers at the lime were you V' ' I |was never there,' gasped Flip! still more agitated. ?' How singular !' returned be. ' And yet tbe mere mention of the burglary affeet6 you so much ! However, since 1 have been so ing to you, let me ask whether ^ ou arc aware of the novel imident in the affair-the curiouB ghost-like disappearance of the burglars just as they were about to be taken?' ' I think that at the time I heard some thing of it,' answered Flip, rallying herself, and trying to reassume her vanished air of gaiety. ' But, really,1' added she, ' I do not, ~ mncb care for tbese stories; tbey do not interest me- except in a painful way. It 16 not exactly pleasant,' continued sbe, forcing a laugh, and striving to invent an excuse for her too evident perturbation, ' to think that, perchance, some day, you yonrs i :may be tbe victim of such a mischance anil i am somewhat fanciful— or timid I ' Ah, yes, to be sure ! ' rejoined he, as he finished his soup, and applied himself lo the fish juBt placed before him ; ' but it could hardly happen to you to have a couple of burglars enter the Vicarage, and when weighted with all your wedding gifts, for example, your servants pursuing them with hue and cry, suddenly to lose sight of them -within yonr apartments, whence they should completly disappear) Now, that is what happened at Lord 3filworth's ! You sec the inference I draw from it, ?' 'Well, no, I am stupid at guessing,' stammered Bhe with tremulous utterance. ' Then let me draw the inference for you,' returned he, ' namely, that the owner of tbe boose sheltered them himself from pursuit' — this he said lowering his voice, so that her ear alone caught the reply. ' Such a line of conduct admits of but one interpretation,' continued bcr tormentor, in tbe aame way ; ' a strong motive — the very strongest possible— muBt have been at work to urge a nobleman to such a course, and aid the thieves to get clear off with their booty. What was that motive 1' ??Who can tell t' answered the tortured Flip, with misery in her voice. All the sparkle was for her gone out of the feafit now that she was reminded of that dark blot which tinged her father's life — and her 'Was it this!' continued Mr Burrleete, speaking in her car. ' Was it to shield the And then he paused, regarding her critically. 'Lord Hilworth is— is the sonlof honor.' rejoined Flip, rouBed by the danger lurking round her path to make some show of in difference. ' Lord Milworth— yes— but he had a BOn who was not tbe sonl of honor. Odd stories' arc told of him — the Honorable Richard Cameron wilforrt. Have you never beard it whispered, Mrs Lurebmore, tbat he took to strange wayBof life? Ah, I see you have! Where was he the night of tbe robbery! That is the question |' Flip was so astounded by the man's per sistency iu dwelling on the subject CO evi dently 'distasteful to her— so alarmed by the inuendoes in Mb speech -so terrified by believing that he imagined her to be related to him tbat she lost the power of seeming at ease, and But, dumb— all tbe while conscioui ing bis own inferences from it. ' Where is this noble scion of the house of Milworth t' pursued her questioner. 'By what honorable calling is he getting renown for himself, and future glory for his father? Can you guess? You must have guessed 1' This in. a very lew tone, indistinguishable to others in tJi'c gay Pabel of voices around them. The very greatness of her alarm called up all Flip'scourage. For Geoffrv's sake, for the sake of her little Teseie, Bhe rallied all her energy. Looking him full in the face, with tbe armor of mingled pride, coolnnss, and hauteur, which a lady can fully assume at times, she saiil quietly : — ' Mr Itarfleete, Jon hare talked of nothing during supper but an incident which! told you was distasteful to me, and that I shrink from the very name of a midnight robbery ; and, now, to escape 'lour further infliction, 1 will forego tbe feast and admire the decora tions, content to be hungry.' And she mode a movement to retire, ' Mm LarohmorG I Grant me your pardon I pray, pray forgive me ! 1— I was carried away — unpardonably 1 coatees — carried away by my own interest in the-thc matter !' urged he, hurriedly. '-1 will not utter a syllable more— not a syllable 1 I am so much distressed f Let us change the sub ject. You bave been abroad, J think 7 Let us compare places of interest. lMftces arc safer to discuss than persons are they not?' ' I do not exactly see why they ebould be called safer,' rejoined she, still preserving her coldly offended air. ' Every theme is safe, surely, but some may chance to be eminently disagreeable 1 Arc you staj ing some tiiue with (he Pevles? Have you known them long 7' ' I met Sir Horace's son on the top of the Haltcrhorn— he and I fraternised — we met again in town, and, finally, 1 got an invita tion to Bpend a week at Peylu,' answered he. ' Oh, that is not a very longacquaintance,' aanea sue. ' Well, no ; people hnvc no time to give in these days to enquire into the antece dents of their friends,' said he, with »n un easy laugh. 'If they know oue or two mutual acquaintances* tbat is sufficient guarantee, and Mr Hamilton Pcyle and 1 discovered th.it webadmanyacquniintanceE in common. Your own family Mrs Larch more, can boast, I doubt not,' an ancient pedigree, or you would not be so severe on a person, possibly not furnished with that credential.' Flip colored with enibbrrasment and in dignation. 11 Shall we find a more enlivening theme for conversation, Mr Burflcete ?' said Bhe. ' 1 thought we were to discuss places abroad. Have you ever been to Orta ? or to a still more fascinating place, Constantinople ?' ' To the latter, yes ; to the former, no. 1 Jim fond of Eastern cities, and mean lo make ' Indeed 1 That will be ingenious, at least I' Baid Flip, indifferently. ?' Will it not .' My idea is'this. To go to Muscat, on the Arabian coast, and take jjuuiugni.jjijfi ui Liic Eccncs mere— scenes 01 to-day yet rcmaiuing what ihcy were two thousand years ago. A nice way of making a fortune, eh! It really is fascinating to have nevcr'triiid 1' * * ' Possiblv I' said Flip shortly. ' I should try it, if I were you, Mrs Larch you would find it very exciting !' ' I should prefer your way of taking photography, if 1 needed anv such excite ment,' returned Flip, coldlv hailing with delight the signal -which her hostess at that moment made, and the general rise from the table. '? Shall we promenade a little in the groundfi ?' asted Mr Burflcete, offering her his arm. 11 Thank you ; bnt] will trouble you onlv to lcai me' to my husband. There he w,' and even as she spoke Flip withdrew her arm and made for the door of tbe tent. But, in truth, Ehe had only caught a passing glimpse of Geoffry, and she wae well aware that she could hardly bave mono]-o- lisihi liim just then, or taken him from the side of the Dowugor whom he W3S conducting num t-uu uuuiiiiuu. /iii ner enort was directed to escaping from her hateful com panion, whom sbe trembled at. He seemed to know — or to suspect — so much. Was he benl on working her mischief 1 What was bis motive in eaung nil those dreadful tilings about ibe man who — if her conjecLure were correct-was his own fatherf Why, oh why, whoever he might be, ihouM he seek to change her happy, mirthful hour into an unpleasant recollection 1 11 Mrs Larchmore. you are not well ! You have a headache— this heat and merry making have been too much for j ou,' said a familiar voice in her eaT.nnd Flip found her self under the concerned guardianship of her host1* elikst eon, who led her, by aside door, into his father's study, through' that into a ' llest a little while here, and then I hope you will be able to join the dancers,' said the young man courteously. ' My mother's maid shall bring vou some sal volatile.' And Flip uttere'd faint thanks, and, Test ing her now aching head, tried to view her Lool- at it which way she would, however, the impression left upon her mind was one of uneasv fear. And tliie burden was not one which she could ever lighten by sharing it with Gcoffry— no, never ! never '. That was the bitterness of it. When, balf-nn-hour later, Geoffry himself hurried into the rooiu, anxioue and troubled at what he deemed her sodden indisposition, he wished to take her homo at once, but that she would not allow. '? I want to walk about the illuminated grounds. Geoff,' fhe Eiid with a smile. ' I want to see al] the fun. It is a charming And her husband, reassured by her The absolute necessity for appearing at case enabled the poor girl — not yet cipbteen —to play her part well. After a little time Bbe took ber husband's arm and strolled into chatting and laughing— countless colored lampB hung among tbe trees and reflected in the pool which BtretcheJ videand glitter- ing irithio the border of the park Btrains of siloon where dancing wsb going on drew Klip out of her brooding. Pile too looked about, and laughed, if somewhat hysterically. (7V- it continued.) 