To tlio matrimooial fiasco in Wclliug- ton a few weeks ago there is a tragical sequel. It will ho reroomborod that tho bride plumply rcpliod, " No, I won't have him," whoit askod a critical question by tho ofilcintinc tianon. Whorounon tho proceedings wore adjourned aino die. Next day, it new appears, tho brido havinu atoppud crying, and tho bride groom having possibly exhausted biB vocabulary of language patnful and froo, tbo pair wcro tnarrlod. Tbo roportsays: — "Thoy loft "Wellington on tho samo day for tho bridogroom's home, bu'« the brido suddenly returned to her parents." Hero was anothor knock down blow for tho supposcd-to-bo happy husband. Ifo ecoms, howovcr, to havo got on vury wull without his erratic x>artnor. He might hnvo pursued a long enreorof usofulncss had it not been that a fow days ago sho returnod to him. This man seemed to havo at lost tho trcasuro ho hod pinod for. "With what outcome ? Ycstorday morning tho poor fellow blow bis brains out with a rovolvor. Sho wlio was reluctant to bo- coino a wifo, who eventually did bccomo ooo, bos been tragically reliovcd of a title which eoeins to havo filled hor badly. Sho now dons tho woods of widowhood and emorges strain Into froedom. It isa caso of ntelancnoly interest, and fow possibly will ovor know tho rights of it. Tho ill- fatid husband ' was a schoolmaster, only 27 years of ago. Jlis young life is for feit to an ill-baatowcd lovo I Mr William Crabtreo, tho Launcoston inan whoui a middlo-agod purson namod Smith claims as hor husband, has had a curious oxporionco. Crabtreo happens to bo tbo husband of somebody else, and has recognised his responsibility as such with faithful continuoBily sinco 1800, whon ho was married in Yorkshiro. Mrs. Smith told tho Lauuccston magistrates that ho was licr very own Thomas — Thomas Smith that is— to whom sho was married in 18C1. luiagino tho outragod foolings of hlra. Crabtroo 1 Imagine alao tho more than outraged feelings of Mr Crsbtroo I And if imagination be not then oxbauatod, lot it also conjure up oomo idea of tbo docidedty amused feelings of Mr Smith— Mr Thomas Smith, that is —in propria persona 1 It nppoars to be a case of mistukon idontity, and Mrs Bmith is not permitted to annex Mrs Crabtree's husband. Tho lonoly woman sooras more over to havo incurred the danger of a pro- sooution for perjury. Thcso matrimonial mistakes aro almost incoroprobonsiblo, . A fow weeks ago, as The Heuaio) has roportod, a fair Fariaionne sadly received into her pre sumed ta-bo beroa7od homo the body of a man who bad been killed in tho afreet, Sbo placod lighted candles around tho corpse, and sat down to weep. All went as dolo- fully as tho saddcBt porson could wish until tho roal husband walked in, and wautod to know what tho illuminatious meant. Another caso—" That sir is my wifo" said an offended husband to a man who acomcd to nood this explanation. " Delighted to hear it my friend," was tho response. Judging by the way she's bean carrying on, I had begun to fonoy she was mine !" "If you attempt, desperately, and un gratefully, and impiously, and fraudu lently attempt, to drown yourself, or hftug yourself, I'll have no pity on you, for I havo mado up my mind to Pub all suicide Down." Thus Alderman Outo In " The Oliimos," ouo of the moat delight ful of Dickens's Christmas stories. Suicide was, of course, only ono of the many things which . tho worthy Alderman had determined to Put Down. Tho list included ' boys with out shoes and stockings," " wandering mothers, with babies;" "all young mothers, of all sorts and kinds;" "all sick persons and young children." etc. Gut above and before all these nuisancos, tho good man placod suicide. " If thoro is one thing," said tho Alderman with his satisfied smile, '' on which 1 can bo said to have made up my mind more than anothor, it is— to put Suicide Down. So don't try it on." An unhappy being who, worn ouc with An agonising struggle agaimtcrucl fortune, despondent nud hope less, had attempted to take his own life, was this wook sent to gaol fur throo months. Tho fact aooms to suggest that the Chief JuBtico, who passed tho Bcntotice, is quite aB determined as Alderman Cute to Put Down suicide. Men look on approriugly and say, " It's a very proper thing. Suicido must bo Put Down!" Howl Well, as Hamlet remarked at n critical point in his soliloquy on the same subject, "That is tho question 1" Plainly the Bubjoct is doublo- sided. There is tho social— i.e., tho State- aspect of it, und there is tho roiiutous. With thalattor a Supremo Court judgo has litilo to do. IIib duty is to administer human law, and tho Legislature has de clared attempted aolf- iuurder to ho a crime meriting punishment. Not often, however, is punishment actually im posed. Rather docs mercy largely season the cxerctso of earthly power in such casca. Seldom doca on olTondor go boyond a court of tho first instance. Usage is kinder tbaii the law. Tho magistrate having satisfied himself that the accused is ropentant, and that friends uro prepared to look aftor him, says a fow words of sympathetic admonition, aud sends him back to "make tbo best of both worlds." Or, finding that the dogreo of insanity, of which the tondency to suicido is usually a symptom, is such as renders tho course necessary, ho commits his poor, broken- down brother man to a suitable asylum, George Westhorpo was exceptionally treated on boing committed for trial. JJo was yet moro exceptionally dealt with, after pleading guilty, in boing sunt to gaol, there to try to learn tho lesson set ; him by tho Ohiof Justico— ' that respon sibilities and troubles woro sent upon psopla to teach them to cultivate what was ono of the nobler parts of man, en- duranco under affliction." Poor .Wes thorpo 1 Ono might Imugino that in his fifty yoors of lilo ho had already loarnod as much of that lusson as ho was ever likely to assimUate. lev nob weuunougii uau no laaroeuib, eppoars to havo boon tho judicial idea. To brand him as a criminal, to hord him with thioves and vagabonds, with man who had decoived and robbed tbeir follows, with brutal footpads aud child violators— this presumably is held to bo a good way of imprcssiug the lesson on his memory. His Honor will pardon us a suspicion that the sense of disgraco which this decent and honest, though weak, man must now fool may, when he emerges from a felon's cell, operate on his mind as an additional motive to suicido. Tho learned judgo admitted that the man's offonco was induced " without his having the de sire to injuro anyone else," and then di- latod upon tho interest tho Stato had in discouraging moral cowardice. So it has in discouraging lies (political and othor), unchastity, and all uncharitablonoss— all that is unlovely in tho human character. Tho interest of the State is undoubted, but how does it coma more than nominally iuto question in a case of attempted suicide 1 " I do not believe," remarks a recent writor on the subject, "that any man wub ovor detorred from suioido by tho re daction that It is a folony." Given tho state of mind in which a man seriously attempts his own life, what hurasu penalty can bo possibly fear? Besides, as Mr W. 8. Lilloy asks in the currant number of tho " Contemporary lio- viow," what is the truo rationslo of punishment ? It is first vindictive. "Tho propor account of punishment," says Mr Lilloy, "is that it Is correla tive of culpability." If a mail has no desire to injuro anyouo else, in what doos his culpability consist 7 Tho Ohiof Jus tice furnishos the answer. Westhorpo has a wifo and throo children dopandant upon him. " Instead of soaking to carry out your responsibility," said tho judgo, " you deprived them of their bread winner and tbo comfort of your oxporionco and knowledge of tho world." Apart from tho fact that this is precisely what for threo months tbo law has now dono, it seems a sound reason why tho man ought to have been prosecuted for attempted desortieu of his family, and requirod to find surotios that ho would not leave thorn, cither by tbo avenue of suicide or any othor. Possibly the sureties would have beoa forthcoming bad they been asked for. On tho othica of sucide how much has been said and written 1 Last year Mr William Arohor contributed to an inter esting discussion on the subject in tho " Westminster Garotte." Ho boldly pronounces against "medieval superstition against self-effacement" as " a ghost wbioh goes gibbering through tho world and tho newspapers with no real vitality in it, and doelsres Ids inability to find a prohibition against suicido in soripturo," This though Hamlot, apparently on some authority, says that the Evorasting has " fixed his canon 'against solf-alaughtor." Mr Archer is an altogether dreadful porson. Ho wonld havo tho State " pro vide tho man who was tired of life with a place and moebanism for putting his body away In a docont and self-rospsoting fashion." "Nothing moro creepy could bo imaginod— oxcopb it bo that extra ordinary suioido story told by Goulaon Kernakan, in his "Book of Strango Sins," rovoaling as it does a degree of intimacy oo tho part of tbo author with tbo projeots of the Creator that makes ono ahuddor. Tho whole situation is finely pujin Drydeii's Don Sebastian, to which Mr Archer alludes, albeit that tbo casuist finds a strained interpretation for the Inst two linos. Hore mro tho poet's noble words Death mny he oall'd In rain and cannot come, Nor (ibb a Christian privilege to die. Brutus and Cato might iliicbareo their souls, And givo 'cm furlough for another world ; But we, lilco sontriu, aro obliged to stsnd lo starless niffhte, and wait tho appointed hour. Thero is thu line of duty marked out clear and true. Gut what say3 ths shade ol Dryden to giving a man tbrco months' gaol hccauso the poor battered spirit grew weak enough to imagine that tho "appointed tirno" had actually arrived? 