V.—Flood Ihaited—“CissAn’a Ghost.” Two months have sped past, and we again find the pilot schooner snugly moored in her favorite place of retreat. Daring this period she had hem crnining about the islands with indifferent success. Some small eoasting craft had bcon overhauled and a plentiful supply of rum and other liquors procured, hut no large or valuable prize had keen come across. Plunder having become scarce, the pirates gave vent to deep growls of discontent. They attributed the failure of the cruise to Flood’s lack of enterprise, and the want of Conor's guiding hand and coun sel. . The captain’s position was getting most Sreeariou8 and uncertain. He managed to eep the men qniet by literal allowances of ram, but there was no knowing when they aught break out in open mutiny. Discipline was a tiring of the past, orders openly disregarded,. and even at sea a haphazard state of affairs had latterly prevailed. Pirates ace not different from others; so long as they obeyed orders and had an efficient •omminder in whom they thoroughly believed, things rubbed along pretty smoothly. This oheok once removed, however, and license became rampant, making it only a question of time for the in evitable oollapce and reckoning. Flood determined this should be his last visit to the bay in the Mosquito. His energies were now centred on securing his ill-gotten wealth, and than leaving his ship and its crew to their fate. His own share of the plunder was safely ashore, but Cicsar’s—the most valuable portion of which he had unceremoniously appropriated—was still aboard the schooner. It was now his care to have it also securely ensconced in the recess of the cliff. That onco accomplished, it was his intention to again put to sea, and either run the Mosquito ashore near a settle ment or seize some other favorable chance of quitting his nefarious occupation. The third night after the Moaauito's re turn Flood proceeded to get the treasure ashore. Onco more after darkness had set in he rowed ashore in the little skiff. This time he had to contour himsolf with taking the most valuable corns and jewels, the box being too weighty for one person to carry any dis tance alone. A small bag was all he could take with- safety, and with this ho quickly sealed the height jand [lowered himself on to the Bhelf of rook. Hero he found the chest and its contents nntouched, and hastily addiug his precious burthen to tho heap, he again retired. A few steps brought him to tho spot at which he had left the rope dangling from the summit. He at onco prepared to ascend, hut, to his oonsternation, the rope had dis appeared ! Casting a hurried glanoe up the cliff, he saw a man leaning over tho edge, pulling it up hand over hand. A loud impre cation escaped Flood’s lips, a laugh of triumph and derision camo in reply, the few remaining feet of rope were drawn up, and the man vanished. Flood at once concluded ho had been followed from tho ship by one of bis crow. He was in a terrible fix. From his men he knew he would receive no mercy. Both his treasure and bis life would bo sacrificed to their feelings of greed and revenge. Again, the horrible thought straok him that it might bathe intention of his follower to say nothing to the rest of the crew, but simply loave him to die a lingering death on the ledge. Either alternative was dreadful to ooatemplate, and throwing himsolf down on the widest pare of the shelf of rock, lie cursed his folly for not taking better pre cautions to prevont his movements being known. Hero wo leave him, meantime, end return on board the Mosquito, where another strange scene was being enaoted. When Flood left the schooner ho believed the men were all asleep, or in such an in toxicated condition as to be inoapablc of leaving the fore-oabin. On this particular night, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of being all drunk as u3ual, some twenty of tbe pirates found themselves still comparatively sober and the liquor all .gone. This was a state of affairs they wore not accustomed to, and calls at once arose for more drink. Tne captain, they believed, would havo retired to rest by that time, but noverthelets they resolved to rouso him up. More liquor was wanted, and more they would have. After some talk, three of the crow were selected to proceed to tho cabin and procure more rum and brandy. Tho threo chosen were Davis the boatswaiu, a burly Welsh man ; Harley, the carpenter, a lanky Scotchman ; and Schneider, a Dutch sea man. Crawling up the hatchway the three worthies staggered aft to the cabin stairs. Here they were surprised to see a light still burning, but boldly descending the companion tliey pushed open the door and entered the cabin. A lighted lantern swnng from the ceiling, but Flood was nowhere to be seen. They searched everywhere, but, of courso, the captain could uoc bo found. In their muddled stato, it took them some tuno to realise the truth; but when they did so they at once raised the alarm. All the other pirates who retaiuod their senses and tho uso of their legs immediately flocked to thi) after At first it was conjectured Flood mi1, fit have fallen overboard and met the same fate as Ciesar. Soon, however, tho boat was missed, and a cry arose that they had been : - broken* bpen”fthd''ransacked'. '' \A ""plentiful Bupply of strong drink was obtained, and the pirates to tho number of some twenty or thirty, made free with all they fancied. Some gathered round the table beneath tho lantern, somo sprawled on tho lookers, others on the Schneider, the Dutchman, boing the soberest man in the company, acted as “ master of the ceremonies.” He sat at the end of the table facing the cabin- door. Be fore him was a viator-bucket, into which a dozen or two bottles of ram and brandy had been indiscriminately emptied. This "mix turo ho measured oat freely in glasses, howls, and pannikins to all who applied for it. Neodless to say, ho was kept welt omployed, and more than onco more bottles were added to the contents. One hy ono the nirates dropped on tho floor deud drunk. Somo, half drunk, fought and cursed. Knives were drawn and ptotols fired amidst blasphemous shouts and yells of fiondish laughter. Soon only about half a dozen of the wretches retained sufficient sense to be able to sit round tho table. Schneider roared and yelled like a very demon, and was ably seconded in his efforts by Harley, Davis, and one or two others. Some, in a maudlin condition, shouted snatches of bucoancering ditties of the gros scst description. “ Fill up again, boys,” cried Schneider, struggling to his feet, •* fill tip to de brim. I vill give you a toast, and 1 vill shoot do man who does not drink it.” So Baying, he pulled out a piBtol and laid it on the table in front The pirates round tho table at once eagerly passed in their glosses, all except one. This exception was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on tho table fast asleep. “ Come, wako up, Pedro ! ” roared the Dutchman. “Wake up! No skulking here, I tell you ! ” and bo seized the noero by his shock of woolly hair and raised his hoad. Tho black’s eyes turned up with a ghastly glare, but on Sohneider relaxing his grip his head at onco sank down again. Yat! ” screamed the Dntchman, “ you villnottake yonr liquor, you black tevil? By gar, but I will make yon take it! If you villnottake it inside, den you shall have it out! ” With these words tho drunken, villain I plunged his pannikin into tbe bucket ot liquor, filled it to the brim, and emptied the contents over the negro's head. The liquor saturated his curly hair, and ran in streams down his neck and faco. The Datobman’a joke was reooived with shrieks of laughter and wild applause. Pedro, however, was too far gone, and lay perfectly still in his drunken stupor. , “Now, " SBid Schneider, refilling his mug, “ ve vill have our toast, boys. Hero’s to the Mosquito and her new captain, whoever ho may he, anrt speedy death to Flood, the traitor! Up, boys, up! and altogether. Hip, hip, hur-’’ tbe obeer died away on his lips, his face blanched, and with staring eyes riveted on the doorway, he stammered out in a hoarse whisper— “See! See! my Gott, Caesar’s ghost!” The pirates instinctively turned, and there, sure enough, haggard and wan, but gazing sternly upon the horrible soeno, was the figure of their late lieutenant. "Davis, the Welsh boatswain, sat next to Schneider, and was tbe first to regain bis composure. “ Ghost or demon! ” he oried, “ I’ll try him with a bullet!’’ and seizing hold of the Dutchman's pistol, which still lay on the table, he levelled it at the figure in the door way. As he did so the figure held up his hand as if about to speak, and at the same time Sohneider threw up the boatswain’s arm. Crack went the pistol, bnt the aim was spoiled. The bullet crashed through the lantern which bung above the table. The cord was oat and down it rattled. When it strnok the boats It bnret open, and ont flew the biasing wick. In an instant a lurid light illuminated the cabin; a yell, as if from the throats of a handled demons, rang through the room, and Pedro, the negro, sprang to his feet, hie brandy-saturated. head in one ter rifio blaze! Now took place a aoene which baffle* description. From end to end oz the cabin the black oareered, overturning tables, seats, and the drunken pirates in his desperation. At last he stumbled over a fallen benob, plunged head-foremoat against the magazine door, and the next moment rolled with his blazing head right in amongst the flasks and kegs of powder ! Utesar (for it was the lieutenant still in the flesh) sprang up the cabin stairs and rushed to the side. Without a moment’s hesitation he dashed overboard, and as he did so a terriSj report rang in hie ears; the deck of the schooner burst asunder ; an immense volume of flame shot up to the sky, and the sea around was in an instant churned into foam by a shower of burning timber, shattered masts and broken planks, mingled with which were the oharred and battered fragments of the Mosquito's lawless crew. Ciesur oaught hold of a plank and gazed around him, the only living pjui on the face of the sea. At length he reached the shore and crawled up on the beach as the first streaks of dawn gilded tho eastoru 