CURRENT TOPICS. The apathy of electors, or, rather, the lack of desire or intent on tho part of citizens to qualify themselves for eleotoral functions, is becoming a very serious matter. We have a new Electoral Act which pro- TiUUa IWt 14a U UCW UlwLliUlul OjraiClIls '\Y have placed it within the power of every man free horn and of full age to acquire this highest of citizen's rights. And yet alike in the .metropolis and in tho country a moiety which, indeed, seems, so far, a' majority of peoplo treat the tvholo business with contempt. It is not a praiseworthy, nor even an excnsable con tempt. Voting to every man in this com- -munity should not only be a right snd a privilogc, but a sncrod duty. Practically wo have no effective safeguards here in the way .of an experienced and permanent Senate charged with a proper sense of responsibility. Tho Upper House, such as it is, consists largely, of elements which educated democracy desires to reform, and unrestrained radicalism to sweep utterly and for over away. The men elected to the Assembly become virtually the lawmakers of the country, they control its finance, they regulato its development, they, shape its destiny. Yet this indifference as to acquiring voting privileges denotes a very, general disregard as to what manner of men they may be. This is a bad sign of the times — an unhappy omen for tho future. It indicates that no prido is felt in high civio privileges, that electors and elected have in some way fallen into contempt. Nor is it difficult to find a reason for this. Ask a citizen of good repute, of mature knowledge, sound judgment and assured fortunes, why he does not go into Parliament, and what is his answer? " Into Parliament ; I ! To mix up with that mob, to listen to the braying of of all those asses, to waste nights in listening to sueh twaddle as wouldn't be tolerated in any other country outside Bedlam ! Thank you; I have an interesting family, a pleasant oircle of friends, and we can contrive to live despite them." Sueh remarks as these are by no means uncommon nor . in any sense unjust. Oar Parliament has becomo degenerate. The pine and the oedar lmva refused to rule; and the brambles have crowded in and usurped their places. Only let us remember that contempt will never kill them. Every man must grasp the m&ttock; if he inteuds to clear his own patch of encumbrance of that sort, and tho necessary mattock just now is the elector's right. A new excuse has been found for the Para- quay madness, and as all other excuses have been exhausted, this last and final one is, as a matter of course, religious. As patriotism is said to bo the last rcfugo of an adventurer, so religion is the final resortof an enthusiast, and thereforo it is Lhat at this stage of tho proceedings Mr. Lane discovers that under the insane movement which he had tho honour of engineering " thero was a real; albeit a flickering, belief in God." We bad thought that belief . in Lank was the only thing required of the " mates," but at this eleventh hour, as faith in Lane has vanished, a new creed is asserted. The " belief " referred to seems to have " flickered " .very considerably in the earlier stages of the Paraguay epidemic, but now, whon the community seems to have rebelled and fallen to ruin generally, the chauco implied in belief seemB to be all that Lane has to fall back upon. Why the "New Australians" Bhould have found it necessary to go to Para guay in order to get a " fliokoring belief " in the Deity is hot stated, nor does Mr. Lane vouchsafe any proof of his subsequent state ment that Paraguay— the homo of revolu tion, indolence and orime— is "God's own country." Disbelievers might well take exception to the description quoted and ask why a territory thus solectod should be the worst-governed and, politically, the most wretohed on the faceof the earth, and why it should be necessary in sueh adivinely-chosen country for Mr. Lane " to stand on his full rights as chairman— subject to sus pension by two-thirds of tho trustees "—and expel a crowd of "mates" and permit Mr. Brittleuank to rcceivo two black eyes. The allegod motive for tho expedition will not avail to deceive any of tho remaining mates, nor any of those who aro now being asked to share the Paraguay miseries Australians will rcmembor that thiB exodus was promoted by shoarors' leaders, who started the idea immediately aftor thoy had been defeated in a strike. The "comrades" wero invited to leave Australia because the tyranny of capital doniod a living to men who wore neverthe less compelled to pay up £00 each— no small sum to men who wero denied tho " right to livo " — and the expedition was to " loach the world a losson in co-oporatiou." So far the chief lesson taught has been by Lane and tho Paraguay police, and tho ox- pollod "comrades" liavo been the unwilling scholars. Our weather prophots may render thanks on two accounts. First, that thoy live in times when a faithful study of the liberal arts has rendered men loss ferocious ; aud, secondly, that mou uow-a-days hold prophots in slight nstimation. Had Lorenoula's raln-makors failed as com pletely as Messrs. Vi'ragcie and Russell in their most recent forecasts of the weather they would certainly liavo had a bad time. Wo wero not promised pleasant things by the prophets. Ships wero told to look out tor squalls, hoiiday -mikers ashore to be careful in takiDg out umbrellas and waterproofs, and altogether a most . determined attempt was made to take the zest out of the holiday. And what is tho beginning and tho end of it ? Good Friday was glorions and Hoiy Saturday sad. But no sqnalls, no thunder, no yea and nay about it at all. When tho rain began on Saturday it left us in no doubt as to its full intent. " Tho clouds like hooded friars" did "tell their beads in drops of raiu," and continued the toiling whilo over daylight lasted. Then came Sunday with all tho glory proper to Eastertide, and what should Monday bo? "Rain, hail and snow," the astronomers might as well have writen, for their "squalls, with showers aud some thunder," was just as far out. Monday was all that could liavo bcon desired by otbers than recorders of unfulfilled pro phecies. A day divine indeed, ordained ior holiday-making, breezy and bright, and buoyant and joy-making. And did not the peoplo revel in their holiday ? Never from the day whon Joseph Banks and Dr. Solander sauntered about amongst the flowers, right on to the present, liavo suoh processions and such gatherings been witnessed. Many more than a hundred thousand people muBt have been out amongst tho broad, roserves and en closures 'twixt Waverlcy and Botany yesterday, and all evidoutly with money in their pockets, as evidenced by the joy on thoir countenances. Really, it looked like tho dawn of a now revival for us. Tho fire of Coolgardio aud Wyalong seemed to bo generally iufused. Folks had said, " Away with doleful dumps. We . have re source, wo have substance, wo have powers of development, and, therefore, of enrichment, and wc propose to testify so ninoti find in nn hfllf.hnnpfnd wnw " Thnt. is just about the temper wo desire to see become general, for- really through many months wo.havo been more like hypochon driacs than seriously sick folks. We shook ourselves together yesterday, and came in an,easy first amongst all our sister colonics. It needs but continuity of effort and temper of that sort to maiut∈ , us in pride of placa amongst' all Australian communities, aud indeed all peoples of. the world. At tho Forest Lodge Church Bazaar, which henceforth will be known as the Federation Fair, Cnrdinal 11 on an delivered himself yesterday. The subject was of importance, abd tbo words spoken tire worth reading, remombering and thinking about. The reply to tho foolish fables of a Catholic conspiracy to buy up Aus tralian journalism was the least im portant part of the address. We know well enough whence such calumnies arise. They have bred Rye Houbb plots iu the old world aud raised ICiama Ghosts in the now. They are the outcomo of a mental condition which naturally breeds all things monstrous and ridiculous, and which docs not so much merit condemnation as tho ourativo treatment usually deemed necessary for the insane. The name of tho fair gave tho Cardinal his real cue, and he took it up readily and dealt with it la thorough and straightforward style. As every other truly sane man in tho community, the Cardinal is an ardent federationist, but unlike the overwhelming majority ho knows exactly what he means by federation, and gives an accurate definition thereof. Fede ration to the Cardinal means an Australia united for all purposes of trade development and defence, for the carrying out of works of continental proportions, and the breaking down of all barriers which now divide a natural brothorhood. But when it is proposed to step hurriedly from such desirable and practicable unity as tlmt to what is vaguely as noisily bruited abroad as Imperial Federation a halt is oriod, and with it oomes tho question, " What do you really mean?" "I . believe," says his Emineuce, " that it would lead very Bhortly to the actual dismemberment of the Empire." And beyond all doubt there is risk of that sort which is not gener ally understood or appreciated. Give us Imperial Federation and an Imperial Senate, wherein all members should be sleotod by manhood Buffrage, and necessarily enjoy equal powers, and within half n century Great Britain should be governed from her colonies. The Quoon mother would become tho dowager, and that star, which wo hope will continue for ever the sun of tho syetem, would bo subsorvient to or swayed by tho influonco of two or three superior powerB. Sueh a consummation iB not among the things to be desired, or seriously contemplated, Tho bonds of Imperial unity need if anyihiiig to be rendered more clastio, and tho brightest outlook is that; whioh forsecs congeries of powers absolutely independent but still ready at need to rally aud to fight, as ut all times to work aud to trade for individual advantage, and yet with a view to the general weal. 