Sermon for Sunday: Blind Man Healed. Bv rap. Rev. Jouk Robeetsos'.' " Tho man born blind." — John ix. Tlio stones ore rattling about tho cars of. Jesus. Tlio disoiplcs toko to thoir liocls in hoito ; hut tho ' Lord moves stately,' calmly onwards amid tho shower. Wo 'turn usido usually whon troubles moot us. Wlion tlio. stones are hurlod ut our bond wo generally look round for a hiding piaco by tho wayside. But; tho Lord, amid troublo, amid persecution, amid; difficulty, goes calmly on in tho Via Dolorosu,: on tho way to Calvary. No troublo tnrns'Hini; buck. Not an inuli do His footstops sworvo from the straight track up tho hill. Yet ho doos turn asiuo. If not for opposition, Ho turns aside for pity's suko. Thorn is a blind man nt tho waysido, und tho Tory sight of liim; awakens tlio emotion of compassion in the Saviour's hourt, and Ho does turn usido, forcom- passion for tho trouble iu the heart of another makes tho Lord Jesus tarry foramomcntou His task. Tho blind ntun does not know who is noar him. Not a word comes from his lips, not a cry lilco the cry of somo others. ' ' Have moroy upon mo, Thou Son of David;" not an uttorauco; but tho oyobull, rolling as Josus Christ passed, was a prayer that had to be answored. Prayer is an uttiludo. Prayer is a position ; not un uttoranco ; not a speech but uu attitudo of needing help ; and tho help is supplied. In a grea' city onco I saw a very patholio eight. Amid tho lines of traffic thoro stood a man running over his fingers tho speech of tho dumb. An anxious look was in his oyo ; troublo was in his face ; and as he, in his dumb show, epolt out his nocd, I stopped, but I could not answer. I did not know it. It was not taught at tho school "where I wus taught most things. I could not answer that man's pruyer. But I waitud, uud a few minutes passed, and a young lady came. Sho hud this Useful alphabet of tho dumb, and sho stopped, like an angel on tho wing, anil sho rend tlio request of tho dumb man, nnd sho answered him. Sho answered him iu his own lungtiago. and what a look of grutitudo cumo into ills fuco. How ho looked his thanks, though ho could not speak thom. In tho same way, not one of those disciplos could answer that dumb prayer. But Jesus knows tho lan- guttgo of trouble. Jesus lias sot up, in a masterly fashion, tho vocabulary of graco. Peter, I duro say, would linvo cased his con- roionce by dropping n penny into tho tin mug of tho blind man ; nd Judas wonld hnvo cased his conscience by putting in his fingers without tho penny. And all tlio disoiplcs wonld have passed by tho man, utterly unahlo to answer. But tlio Lord stops, arrested by tho oycballs of that blind man. There is n silonoc. The blind man lias heard tlio footsteps of tlio passcr-hy sud denly ceaso. In tlio silenco how tlio soul of the blind man worked ! 'What thoughts passed through bis mind, what apprehensions, what unformed hopes! Jesus has stopped, and Ho takes from the road tho ordinary dust, anil Ho spits on His hand mid makes tho dust into an ointment, und thoro is a; soft touch 'on tlio' eyelids of tho blind man, aud n voieo speaks and says, "Goto tlio pool of Si'onm nnd wash." It was a very precarious jonruoy to sond u blind man upon. Siloam is down thoro in tlio valley, and thoro is a pro- eipitouspurt of tho road that would utmost need the soa-fogs of Peter to got round with safoty. And yet this blind man hears tho word that says without any explanation, without any liulp to faith, " Go to tlio pool of Siloam." I have not a doubt that tlio dovil ut that moment said,; "If. you go you will break your neck. You m»' easily know tbut this Man's euro is a mistake. If he had hud tho power Ho would have said to you, 'Open jronr eyes and see' : but Ho evidontly does not know tho road down to Siloam." And you can see bow that blind man had to find sight as we found salva tion. ! Oil, ltow wo longed for soma help to faith in feeling! How wo longed for ao'mo orutcb, somo prop, something beyond the bare word! Tho Lord Jestis wuits, as the conflict tlmt we have all pussod through ourselves rages in this mtin's.sonl. " Tho bare word- can I trust it P . Can I really mako my way to Siloam on this bare word ? Aud the oliff there so deep, and tho probability of disaster so grout V" Tho mun ut last sottios it as you nettled yogr doubts and ho rosolvcs to net on tho word. You oan sco him rise from the way sido; you can see bim grope for his stick; you can see him start ; and yon can hoar tho tup, tap, tap of that mun's stick ns ho goes the wny down to Siloam. Will Jesus give him an urm'i Will Jesus toko hold of that blind man physi-. cnlly and keep him up ? If IIo had dono so tho blind limn would have received no such insight into tho things of God us ho did. Jesus hold aloof, und allowed that blind man to find his way to tho pool of Siloom on His baro word. Well, thoro ho is, right on tho clifi's odgo. Will ho go over ? Tho man that steps' on tho buro Word of God nover breaks his nook. Tho man that stakes ovorytliiug on tho Word of tho Lord Jesus Christ comes triumphantly through. I know that the btiud man would reach tlio pool of .-iloam safoly. I knew that he would uot tumblo at tho stumbliug point, bccauso hois aoting oil tho baro Word of. God. There could bo no comfort without tho word. There could bo no ccrtaiu faith without an infallible word. A poor bliud man I am. All I havo to meet oternityall Ivruntis tho baro Word of God. So this blind man comes to tlio pool. IIo hoars tho swcot tinkle of tho wator as it falls from the brim - of tho fountain. Tho water, ho takes into his baud, and lie wathos tho clay from his eyes. Lo. Olivot is boforo him. Tho domes of tho holy city burst' on his sight ; tho groeu fields, tho blue sky. Ho socs, aud is conscious of it. Ho is certain of this otio thing: ho sees. Would you heiievo it, when ho got his sight tliero was a luck in liis joy thut Uo did not oxpoet. Formerly ho thought tbut if ho only had sight ho would bo a happy man, just us you thought that if you only hud that situation you would hot have another wish to bo gratified. And you got it. - Did tho soul of you find poitco ? It you just mado that suc cessful commercial venture you would not havo u wish uiigratifii'd ; it would bo all . you would wunt.- And1 you did it, , and your soul wan hungry still. If you just got :hor for your wifo .you would ho sattoiod; certain of it. And sho did say, "Yes," and you got hor. And your soul is hungry still, ovon after tho Iranian lovo that is nearest to tho lovo in . tho heart of tho Saviour. This blind mun said: "Just glvo.mo sight. Just bring seeing to. thoso oyos of mine, and I will bo content;" and his soul -gave him tlio lio when hO opened his. eyes. "Oh, that , voieo ! The tones were sweotor than tho piping of- tin lurk on u s'limmor's morning, moro melodious -than thoso of tlio nightingale- nt oroningtido. Oil, thut voieo ! I Wish that . I could soo tlie Mriii tlmt spoico_ to mo. I wisli that I obuld.usk somo questions of Him. I wish (hut Ho lind coma with mo und let'me sit down ut His feet, and that Ho would say. somo ihoro of thoso wonderfully tender words' to inc." And tho .man .is surprised that ho is not. satisfied with sight. ' '. Tho Lord knows it nil. Tho Lord knows what this man needs for snli'ation, and Ho bus, .prepared something that tho blind man did- not bargain for. Ho has to bo flung oht of tlio 'synagogue.1 He . has to got tho bottom of his .roliginsity knocked out.- And I vorily belioyo tlmt thousands in England would nocd their ohuroh-going knocked to piecos to got salvation. This man could not get bis soul saved in, the temple i' aad'the Pharisees and Scribes wo' un- consolouslylo he allnk in theobsln oftho man, reoeivlng what is hotter than the sight of his; oyes— the sight of hiB soul. Thoy ouBt him; out. There was a man in Glasgow who; said to his minister, "I would not, listen to tho Lord till Ho knocked : and; Ho knooked mo 50 feot down-rt'riiilway em-j bankment." Blossed knock 50'foot down if; you find the Saviour at tho bottom, as he did.. Blessed costing ont of tho .totnplo -if the! Lord Jcsna is found waiting on tho stops.'; But what pathos is in tho words, ' Jcbub; hoard that thoy had' cast him out!", The' doctor is leaving- that houso in which sidknoss; is, and ho says to tlio watohing ono, "Tho oriiiis of tlio fovor vrlll ho at bulfrpost 10,": An'd tlio skilful doctor appears just at tho; orisis, with all his skill und soionoo, to bring healing at tho critical momont. So tho Lord , Josus was waiting thero just ""to conjo in at tho crisis; hovor a moment behind His appoint- mint; : no tardiness in stop, no lingering, no breakdown. Tho Lord comes at tlio tick of tlio clook, whon you need Him. That -man, spun out of tlio tompio, is oxoommunipatojl und positively dumncd socially. Thoro is nobody to offer him food, nobody to bid him canio in and warm himself at tho flro, whilo liis soul is sad, and ho is quostioning tho result of it all. " Josus hoard that they had cast him out ; and when Ho -found him He said unto liim, Dost thou boliove on tho son of God?" Tlio man. who now sees, looks up at tho speaker. Eyos that rnfloOt the bluo of that summer's Blty, though thoy look so tender, seem human, as my own. Brow, though princely anil noblo, crowned seomingly with ordinary huir that flutters in tho broozc. .Hands, verily, tho marks of linmxto toil upon' them. Gannon to— the garments of on ordinary peasant. Tlio feat poorly sandalled and nil fmduNtcd with tho travol. What, a demand ! Tho Lord waits pationtly. Tho Lord soes tho conflict iu tho man's heart, but Ho daro not stop without bringing tho faith of him up into this magnificent, leap into salvation.- "Do.st thou bollovoon tho Son of God?" "Who is He, Lord, that I might bcliovo on Him?" " Oil, do not triflo witli my sonl,. thou strango Man, whoso footprint loaves an imprint like my very own on tho silver sand of tho Sou of Galileo. Oil, do not triflo or tompt rny eter nity. Who is He, Lord, tlmt I might bolicve on Him?" Josus puts tones in His voice that help that hesitating man. Ho catchos tho furtive glauco of tho poor soul looking at Him from head to foot. " Yes," He aays_; "thou Iiast both scon Him, and it is Ho that iB speak ing to tlioo." "Dost. thou behovo on tho Son of God?" Yon havo seen, maybe, a mountain stream, dammed by tho turf, gathered by schoolboy hands from tho hillside. For a momont tho bed of tho nether flow wus dry. For a moment tbo dam seemed offcotuul to s op the river in its flow. ' But tho stream siguals to tho liiUsido for reinforcements. The waters rise and rise and rise against tho daring embankment, until at last, with tho noice of vlotory, with the roar and rush of a cataract, it is over tho dam! So tho difficulties, tho im- rnonso probabilities, tho awful _ unlikelihood of tho whole thing, tho terriblo demand to believe tnat this man is the Son of God who made the stars, dammed baok tho belief in this man's heart Conviction grow and grew nnd grew, until at last tlio man's faith leaned over tho difficulty, and-ho said witli full, soiu-Eiiving conviction, "Lord, I bcliovo," und Ho wor shipped Him. "No man can call Jesus, Lord, but by tbo Holy Glioat." According to CJlirist's theology that is what is neccsBunr for salvation. " What means a Christian? What is tho irreducible minimum of faith ?" Strange question for any ohuroh, or any professedly Christian man to ask, "How littlo nun wo hellovo ?" I tea hero tlio last irrcduoiblo minimum, mid it is the very muximum of faith. It is tho sonship of God. It is the divinity puro, tho very Godhead of very God, that is the ono primal, necossury thing thac tho Lord puts dpwn boforo this man for salvation. Do you bcliovo on tho Son of God ? Havo you got the hcurt-grip of Josus Christ ? Hare you crowned that dear brow? Have you odorod Him with your soul un Thomns did that day, after ho hud in his braggadocio, said, " WoU,tlicso ovidencos may do for you, but my intellect, my method of thinkiug, my lugicul faculty, demands something more. You may take this tremendous loap, if you like, on insufficient ovidenco ; bnt I know, unless I can put my fingor into the print of tho nails, and thrust my hand into His side, I — I will not believe." Oh, the Lord heard that speech, and tho Iloly Ghost in that wonderful narrative says, "Jesus stood » their midst, and Thomas with thom." And tho Lord said to Thomas, "Stand up, Thomas. I liavo a word to say to you, Thomas. Look at my hands. It was there that tile nail crunched through tho quivering flesh.' Thomas, rcnnli hither thy finger, and although tlio blood again flow, (hough tho musclos and nerves of tlio wound bo torn ufresb, Thomas, put thy fiugnr into tho murk. And look, Thomas, here is whero tho Roman sneur was thrust into my sido Reach hithor thy hand, Thomas." But oh, Thomas's head is down, and his tours ara fulling to tlio ground in their suddon shower,- and through his sobs Thomas's soul makes tho samo leap us that onco blind now scoing man did; "My Lord! My God!" Havo you thus really saluted Jesus Christ ? That is necessury for salvation, according as I: read tho word, according ns I sco tho Lord dealing with an anxious soul. Ho novor lets him go, for tho man was nsvarsavud till ho hud in his heart tlio faith in tlio royalty and godlioud and lordship of Josus Christ. Havo you gono into His prosenco ? Wlmt preparation did that blind man need? Oh,' now wo hang baok for proper preparation. How wo imagine that a court dress is noccssnry for His presenco. Como just as you uro. Tho Lord Jesiis will ho glad to seo you. Put your arms about Him. Mako obolsance to Him. Say to Hiin to-night witli all your hourt. " My Lord, my God. Jesus, I adoro Thee, King of kings, and Lord of lords." That is salvation, "for there is nouo othor name given among men whereby wo must bo saved," but tlio numo of tho very" God of very God, whoso Word is infallible, and whoso graco is ovcrlustiug-, tho Lord Jesus Christ. 