FARM ITEMS. Concerning the remedial value of batter milk, it is of so mneh worth that it has gained a place in the materia medica, and is prescribed by physicians forc&eBt; and long ailments, and in most forms. of kidney troubles. An exclusive battermilk diet has •eemed to bring about a cnre in many cases ot Brightfe disease. A proper and conitint me of it will greatly reduce, and sometimes cnre, the era Tings for alcoholic liquors with which many persons are afflicted. The craving may be satisfied, and the system benefited and ^trengthaned instead of weakened. Buttermilk - alone will often remedy acidity of the stomach. The lactic acid needed in many cases is supplied by it much more than by any other drink or food- It is said to alleviate the oppression about the heart that so - many eld people suffer from, and it should be constantly drank by them. It is also, to a certain extent, a stimulant for the entire system—just what the aged need. Drying cows off:—Dairyman, Bairnsdale. —Difference of opintou exists in regard to the time cows should bacome dry before calving BOme contending that they may be milked almost to the lime of calvinn without injury, whilst others maintain that it is jkbsolebely neccssary they should V»e dried at least two months before, bath for the advantage of themselves and their calves. This, however, depends npon the manner in which they are kept If they are kept in high condition it will be an advantage to sulk them to within a month of calving, but when they are only kept in moderate condition they should have at least two months in which to recruit their strength. . Taking into account that noching on the farm gives a better all round return than .properly carried out pig raising, rather for stores or fat stock," it is difficult to nnder- •taod.why there should be so much indifference to making it a distinctly recognised branch of jm. indnstrry, on "thet part of ,- visitorto taiiiigoTobserj-es thai "probably •we have sean eqnil exhibitions of horae*, cattle and sheep, but the pigs far exceel anything seen in the United Kingdom," and the Chicago Breeders' Gaxette thus refers to . the same subject: —* * Where hogs are. there ~ is mixed husbandry moat profitably pursued. As a wealth -creator ' -the hog has \- scandy a rival among the animal Kind. His grant of contentment hints to the jingle of golden dollars. He pays the rent, taxes and interest. As interest coupon caucdlors, litteis have no equal. As principal payers, porkers have made the record." The following is stated to be a good plan for curing bacon:—To every 201bof pork allow 141b of the best salt, JOT of saltpetre, 2oz of bay salt, and lib of raw sugar; pound ingredients well and mix thoroughly; put a layer of the mixture at the bottom of the trongh; rub each piece well with the mixture, and lay it flat on tiie layer of salt; cover each piece with the mixture, have a wooden lid that will slip down die sides of the pickling trongh, pressing it down with weights, turn and rub the bacon eveiy day for ten days, putting the top piece at the bottom of the trongh, each piece being Tabbed separately ; alter the ten days, do so eveiy other day for three weeks. Then hang it np to dry in a good airy place, to prepare for being smoked. To keep it, after it is smoked, free from rust and files, get a sack of corn husks from the mill, put a layer at the bottom of a large deep packing case, place the bacon on the layer of corn husks and so on until the box is full. Put on the lid, and take care that the mice and rats do not get into the box; it is a good plan to stand the box on a row of brides, the air can then circulate, and' it can be seen whether the mice are atj work trying to get into the box. The accuracy of the following statement can be tested by those of our readers (says the LommHU Journal) who grow sweet peas and are troubled with flies ?—" Come inside a minute," said a Fourth Avenue dealer in pianos, yesterday afternoon, " I have discovered the greatest fly trap on esrtli and I want to show it to yon.'' He led the way to an instrument at the rear of the store on which waa a newspaper. On the paper had been placed a bunch of peas. At least a ttiousand dead flies were lying on the paper in the immediate vicinity of the bnnch of flowers.' " I threw these here by chance," he continued, " and in about ten minutes I . noticed that every fly that alighted on the flowers died in. a very short time." Even as he spoke a number of the insects which had \- stopped to sncb the deadly sweet bad toppled over dead. They alighted with their uffftaL times, and then gave up the ghost. The manager of the. Nulla Nulla Creamery (writes the lancefield Mercury) has received the following communication from the Fresh Food land.Storage Company:—"Owing t» our London prices turning out better than we anticipated we have paid 2Jd for milk in January instead of 2|d, but we can only pay 2jd for February, unless similar circumstances arise." This fact will be hailed with delight by Nulla dairymen. 500 tons of raisins.—Bai?in drying (says a Mildara correspondent) is not sufficiently for advanced throughout the settlement to enable an estimate to be made of the output for the season. The quantity may be given approximately at 500tons, of which at least 95 per cent, will be raisins from the Gordo 8lanto vine, the balance btdng currants and Sultanas. The Victorian consumption, allowing for shipments, may be set down at 300 tons, currants being in the proportion of neadv 41b to lib- AE the two ioc.L packing companies have arranged for the packing of 350 tons of raisins the Victorian demand will be supplied, and a considerable quantity will be available for export. It is computed that 200,000 trays will have-been used for drying purposes, which, with sweet boxes to the number of 10,000. represents an expenditure of over £10,000 in timber, exclusive of the timber required for picking. The Planters' Union and Fruit Growers' Association have both erected factories with machinery for stemming, grading and packing. 