OUR NOVELIST WON BY IOTE. Ity the Author of ' Quadroona,1' 'A Brave Giri;\fe, CHAPTER VIII. THE HANKER. As they entered the hall, every sign of wealth was visible — servants in rich liveries, luxurious carpels, pictures of rare value, marbles statu . ury : all that taste and money can devise for the ornamentation of a house was there. ' Will von sten this wav. Canfnin Braba/.on ?' said the domestic, in that deferential tone which well-bred de pendents always assume. ' Sir John ?will be withyou in a moment.' They were shown into a splendid drawing room, in which burnt a mag nificent fire, before which the t wo stood f er a moment in silence. Then entered to them quietly a fine, niiddle-aged man, of rather venerable appearance, with a handsome counten enance, the expression of which was a strange mixture of severity and be nevolence- ' R-lnrl +r- comrnn A-pfTmY*! Sn f.liio is your friend? Happy to mate your acquaintance, .Mr. Brooke ?' he said, in a rich, mellow yoice. .. ? And the introduction was comple'e. Next moment the butler stood re spectfully at the door, as if w.a\ting his master's bidding. '''Quite ready, Simpson,' said Sir John Crofton, for that was his name, and, as he spoke, folding doors ?.-.open-, ed, and displayed the dining room, brilliantly illuminatde, and the sumptuous meal ready. ' '? All dinners are about the . same, bufc Wilfred was forced to acknow ledgment that everything 'in this house was carried out with almost princely elegance. The plate, the viands, the flowers, and the attendance ?were simply magnificent. As soon, however, as the meal was cjeared away and wine was placed on the table, the domestics retired, dis creetly closing the door and -leaving the gentlemen to themselves. The wine was passed round, and general tropics of the day spoken of for some time ; but gradually the con versation flagged, and there ? was a momentaiy silence. Evidently the thoughts of all three were*bti ?'other- matters intent. ' Perhaps your friend will now turn to the business for which we have met,' said the baronet, pushing the wine to them. ' With pleasure, Sir John/' replied Wilfred, ' though I am very 'sorry; to weary you with my personal and private affairs.' ? ' I am here to listen, .to them !' was the quiet response. ; *? ! Wilfred no longer hesitated, but told his story as agreed, without mentioning any names. He simply indicated that he had pjalfil^'bronglit up to believe himself in |||||m|ndent of the world, and thought |||j||jtintil very recently. Then ,he told, ^^Jather eloquent and impassioned i$|!|sv§rcls, the narrative of his downfall. lil^SSir John listened attentively^ his ^^^jvs every now and then being con iH^trjicted, and a strange li'ght;'b~eami:ng ^|oji|iiis eye. ^P||l- Well, Mr. Brooke,' he said, when ^^EaKother had quite finished, 'and it siliisfriow your intention to make a name and position for yourself ?' ' If it is in my power, such is my earnest desire,' replied Wilfred, ferv entlv. , ' Then, young man, I will help you. - It is a story of deep -wrong and cruelty, ? and, though I think you yielded too i readily, I admire you for it all the - same. Tou are a good correspondent, : understand figures andbookkeeping ?'' i ' I believe, Sir John, I am a good i accountant!' replied Wilfred. 'I took at once to this branch of my i education and mastered it.' = ?- ' Well, my nephew here vouched before I ever saw you for yuur truth ; and honour, so all that as a matter settled. 1 will now explain to* you what I really require. ' I am not get ting younger, 1 have no junior part ner, and I want,:therefore, a confiden tial manager and secretary,' who in my absence' would be iny alter ego. He would sit in a room next to mine, be initiated into everything connect ed with the bank, know all its secrets, as well as those of its customers. What say you, Mr. Brooke ? Would this suit you with a salary of a thous and a year ?' asked the baronet, as he sipped his wine. Wilfred started} and looked keenly at the captain ere he replied. What did this mean ? ' Sir John,' he began, 'this is tco much.' ' No,' continued the banker, ' by no means. If my nephew here had not chosen to follow in his father's footsteps, and become a soldier, he would have held this appointment, as well as that of junior partner. But he made his choice, and it is too late to repent-now.' xJut, uucie, you approved it. at the time,' said Captain Brabazen, eagerly. ' I yielded to ' necessity,' replied his uncle, in a kindly tone. ' It is of no use trying to change a man's nature ; but, of course, yoir know it will make no great difference in the future. But you had better be pre pared for the contingency. Should your friend prove all yon have de scribed him, I should certainly relieve myself of part of my burden by mak ing him my junior partner !' ' Heaven grant you may \' cried Brabazon, heartily. ' It would ful fil the dearest.wish of my heart.' ' You appear to be a regular Py lades and Orestes,' said the banker, with a very merry twinkle in?Bis^eyc, the meaning of which they|aitle|sus pected. ' And now, Mr. '^^B^polce, when will you be ready to assume your seat at my desk ?' 'To-morrow !' cried Wilfred, fer vently. ' Well, well, let us say Monday,' replied the baronet, kindly. 'I have some little things to arrange, and prepare all my people for their uew manager. I'm afraid there will be a little jealousy, but they know me too well to murmur.' Brabazon hinted beforehand that Sir John, who was a widower with one only daughter, at present away with some friends, liked to finish his j evening a+. his club over a game of take. his leave, upon which the baronet shook him heartily by the hand, and hoped they would be the best of friends. When they were in the street, Wil fred thanked his friend with hearty warmth.' '! What a fine, genial fellow your mole is,' he added, ' and what a splendid establishment. I suppose lie ?ceeps it up for the sake of the laughter?' 'Yes!'1 replied Brabazon, rather laconically. 'May I ask what sort of a young lady she is ?' asked Wilfred. ' Minnie Crofton is a most charm ing person !' continued Brabazon, smiling ; 'but as there is a scheme on foot to unite us in the holy bonds of matrimony, excuse me from further details at presmt.' Wilfred stood still, a wild look of consternation on his countenance. ' What is the matter ?' asked Bra bazon, infinitely puzzled. ' Have yon seen a ghost ?'' ' Yes, of the past. I know Miss Crofton, and, of course, she will know me.' said Wilfred, hoarselv. ' I can not accept this generous offer.' ' For fear of being recognized ?'' continued the captain, with his usual coolness. ' Nonsense.. You are not obliged to visit Sir John at present. Besides, Minnie is not out in London, and — and — the fact is, she will do anything I tell her.' ? ' If I accept, surely I shall decline )O re-enter the world of fashion,' responded Wilfred ; ' but I little jhought, when I danced with Miss Drofton on that memorable night of my return to my home,' he added, bitterly, ' what would so soon happen.' '? All that is settled/' Brabazon lightly observed, ' and noAv to finish up the evening. , Where«hall we go ? You won't visit the- clubs. Will you come to my quarters ?' ' No; somebody might drop in. Let us go to my own room and play one of our old games of chess. That and our ancient pipes 'will while away an hour. Come !'.' he added, leading the. way. . The captain yielded, and, though they did not play much chess, they sat lip until the small, hours of the morning, smoking and talking of the past, and the future, of which they knew nothing. ' 