SOCIAL. i (Seetttartezand prctcetera of Social events are re quested to forward tfceir fixtures by Friday even ing, and address til! communications to ' £0014.1; LrrroB*^ Fistnies. ^U^cat. 15.— Mettiv Hughes and Sznithen' regular ('Wednesday Assembly* Leigh House, _ Casilereagh-gtreet- Gih-d company, Splen did Orchestra, The Daphne Social Ciub held their ueual Meetly assembly iu the Institute on Friday evemni:, whenubout 40 couples weie present, 2dr. C. Black supplied excellent music* cind the duties ofM.'J. were carried oat b j Mr. F. Knight. A grand final social in connection with the monthly dances held at the Oflebe Town Hall, will be heid cu Thmsday erening, Beptember lo. Plain, fancy* and evening dress may be worn. Bossaii'e Band has been engaged. i'ieSErs. \Y. Zinckgraf and F. Love- .ire the hon. secretaries. A grand social, under the augpice6 of the fcouth NVales Leagce of Wheelman {Paramatta branch), will be he id in the local Town Hall en Wednesday the 29t'n inst. First-class music has been scoured, and visitors can rely en a very enjoyable evening. Hr. W. J. Bisbey is the hon. eecret^ry, and ie working hard to ensure its sncoess. We have received from the puhhsheis, a a new wahz-by Mi-s Litfan Hbnfe* nationality^ The waltz is -^Rerann movement, effective and execu tion* and possessing a plexiing* harmonious, musical cadence thet cannot fail to beoorae popular. Tbe waltz is entitled 41 Aurora Australie,' and is published by Messrs. Troedel* Cooper and Co. of Clarence-street. We have just received a copy of the **' Bosaand M waltz, by Bert. Lawson. It is lull of origins: melody, and has a dreamy* seductive tone pervading it. The waltz is dedicated to Miss Hilda bpong, and we were not surprised to hear that it was one af the most taking instrumental items at Miss £pong*s benefit at the Criterion Theatre, on Tuesday last. We may mention that the young composer is a brother of Henry Law $on, the poet and vrriter, and son of Mrs. L. ? Laweon, ' Dawn.' The members of the Judge and . Jury Club held a very enjoyati.e ^^dance at their rooms, Belmore Hail, Bbo Snnday evening last. The company '^^Tttiifibered ninety -five c tuples, and & very enjoyable evening -'wag spent in dancing, -interspersed with vocal items, which were contributed by Mrssr.-. J. Williams, Eede Binchey. Tcuisaru, * Johnstone, 8haw, and Mutch, liiss Garciaipreciced at the piano. Thu comfort of tac6e present was attended to by Mr. Green (president), and Mr. Garcia {vice-president) ot the club. An entertainment in aid of a charitable object was given in tbe School of Arts, Bur wood* on Tuesday night, under the auspices of the Loyal Hand -of Friendship Lodge* H.U.O.O.F. and the Bur wood Labor League. The first part of the programme consisted of a minstrel entertainment* lerminatiu? in a farce, entitled 44 Ghosts.' . in the second cart vocal items were rendered by the Misses Flood and Prentice (two), and Messrs. J. jFicfcles, F. J. Spencer, and A. Nicholls. Afr. I arisen plav*d an overture, and Mr. J. Jackson gave an IriEh song and dance. Mies L. Nicbolhs accompanies on the piano. An amusing farce, 14 The Dancing Maniac,' con cluded tbe enterta nment. The great Charity Concert, in aid of the Society of tit. Vincent de Fanl* is to take place m the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. A special feature will be the very large chorus and orchestra under tbe able coc ductcrehip of Mr. J. A. Delaney, The \- ^^horcs numbers include tbe Eastern Hymn, aCavaileria Kueticana;' the Anvil ^^^ftoras, from *? Trovateri ; '' 41 All Morta-s from Enod'e ' Mock Doctor ; ' 44 Now bobs and dell (Bishop) ; and f^^frhe Parting o£ Bummer,' for female voices. Tbe final rehearsal was held in the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, and passed eft very satisfactorily. Messrs. W, J. Googau and J. A. fiem&scorn; are the hon. secretaries. j A most enjoyable 11 high tea' was held at ; 'Fleming- ton' on 6&turday; last, the pro- : rooters being Mrs. Knight and Mies Forster. ! — „-*Cbe.r-arty deft town by the 3.30 p.m. train, ' their' destination being the residence of Mrs. Burns (' Flemington.') Out-door games were the order of the afternoon, after which tbe party retired for 44 high tea.' During the evening dancing, interspersed with vocal selections, were maintained till a late hour* when the company dispersed. Amongst those present were : Mesdames Burns, TVright* and Bishop. Hisses Douglas, Fluck nal (2), Creman. Smith. Clark, Burns, and Ball ; Messrs. Hale* Hei«L Hutchison. Bishop, Wright, Serman* Warr* and others. The second Annual Ball in connection with the Citizens' Life Assurance Cricket Club was held at 'Kithsdale' on Friday evening last. The floor and music were ex cellent, and dancing was commenced at 8.30 and kept going with great vigor till 2 the following morning. Some very pretty costumes were worn by the ladies, amongst | which were Miss Levy* pale green silk and velvet ; Miss Aiken* eau de nil and lace trimmings ; Hlis3 heidy, buttercup cashmere and 'satin ; Mies Eves-on, black eilk and torqneiee* jet trimmings ; Miss Findlay. pink eilk and chiffon ; Miss Patterson, cream cashmere and buttercnp velvet ; Miss O'Neill, pale blue silk and lace trimmings : Mr*. Sannders, white siik and black grenadines ; Miss Stanley, pink fishernet ; Miss Comosen* white pongee silk ; Miss'Vagglozzi* cream merveilleux and gold ; Miss Lane, silver grey ciepon ; Mrs. Ireland* black end gold ; Miss Kochiort, white cash mere ; Miss C. Stehr, cream cashmere ; Miss £. Stehr, blue silk; Miss Morgan, pink crepon and cream lace ; Miss Bradley, 'blue silk and fishernet; MIbb Millard, cream nun's veiling ; Mis£ Barton, heliotrope Indian muslin. Daring the evening the trophies won during the past season were presented. The members pf the University Dramatic Company, un'der the direction cf Mr. Charles Harford, gave a very successful entertain ment at the Eoyal Standard Theatre, on Wednesday evening, in aid of the Women's College funds. The pieces chosen were Mr. H. A. Jones' one-act dramfi, 'Harmony,' and Mr. Gilbert's entertaining farce* u The Wedding March.' The members of the University Orchestral Society, under the direction of Mr. J. H. Schwa be* contributed an excellent programme of music. The fol lowing were the casts for the two pieces : — i; Harmony' : Michael Kinsman, lii. G. McHabon ; Frank Seaton* Mr. W. D. Mclntyre* E.A. ; Mr. Muggins, Mr. E. B. Dalton ; Jenny Kinsman, Miss Caro. ''The Wedding March': Wood pecker Tapping, Mr. A. B. Davis* B.A.; Poppytop, Mr. J. P. Pickburn, B.A., LL.B. ; Uncle Bopaddy* Mr. J. H. Biearly, B.Sc. ; the Duke of Tcrniptopshire. Mr. J. P. Jones ; llajer- General Bunthunder, Mr. G. M4Ma hon ; Captain Bapp, Mr. H. W. Weigall ; Cousin Foodie, Mr. J. Le Gay Brereton ; CrippB, Mr. F. Copeland, B.A. ; Wilkinson, Mr. J. M'Evoy ; Jackson, Mr. E. B. Dalten ; Barnes, Mr. T. Darby6hire ; Marchioness of Market Scarborough, Miss Ethel Paige ; Maria Poppytop, Miss B. Roper Elliott ; Sophy Ciacfctborpe, Miss Daly ; Mrs. Leonora Bunthunder, Miss Le Gay Brereton ; Patty, Miss Roseby ; Lady Popten, *fias H. Caro. On Thursday evening last Kw. Chambers, of *' Myra,' Eegg-street, Paddington* enter tained a large number of friends at a plea sant social in honor of the 21st birthday of her daughter, Miss Myra Chambers. The company numbered about 80 ladies and gentlemen* who danced till 4 a.m. to excel lent music rendered by Miss Elsie Chambers, fiupper was served at 12 o'clock. The health of Mibb Chambers was proposed by Mr. E. ( Bitchie, and drunk with nautical honors. Among tne ladies present the following were noticeable iliss A. liobey (Adelaide), pale blue surah trimmed with Maltese lace ; Miss E. Kennedy* black silk and jet ; Miss L. Byan, white silk and chiffon ; Mies Cunning ham e, salmon pink crape* white lace trim mings; Miss Peter.-, white silk, sleeves of white talle, pearl trimmings; Misses Moloney (2), white satin, trimmings of pink velvet; Miss Williams, pale bice silk and Maltese lace ; Miss E. dtcwart* white satin, pearl trimmings ; M.bs Chant* cream liberty silk and green ve vet; Miss Rickards, coral i pink Bilk, passementerie trimmings ; Miai K. : BcDonagh, black «ilk and jet ; Miss Mow bray, white nua^s veiling and Maltese lace ; ! Miss Marks, white Ottoman eilk with pearl ! trimmings; Miss G. Galvin, blue nun's veil ; ing with blue silk trimmings ; Miss Carlisle, ' black silk, black lace trimmings ; Miss , Russell-Jones, pink crepe and chiffon ; Miss Oliver* black silk and lace; Miss Dubois* white surah with Maltese lace trimmings ; Miss Green, pink surah, pink net trimmings ? Mies Stroud* white silk and lace. ' An enjoyable concert was given on Thursday evening last in aid of the funds of tue Manly Cricket Cl&b.; The attendance Was fair* bat net so large as the excellent programme should have ensured. This cbn sisted of two parts, each item being loudly applauded* and several receiving an encore. The following ladies and gentlemen con tributed to the programme : Mr. W. Hallen den Stevens, 41 Promise Me ' ; Miss Wilson, 11 1 Came with the Merry Month of May,' for which she received an encore ; Mr. B. Polglast was equally successful with 44 My Dearest Heart ' ; the quartette, 44 Maiden, Listen I' by Messrs. Callaghau, Milgrove, Usher, and Collins (unaccompanied) had to be repeated, and also ' The Policeman's Lament,' by Mr. Collins. One of the most pleasing items was the recitation, ' The Hew Church Organ' by Mrs. N. A Luckmsn* and, in response to universal demand she gave ' The Elf Child.' Mr. Callaglian sung ' Thou art so near,' in excellent style. Mr. S. R. W&lford; brought the first part of the programme to a close with 44 The Waiter,' and in response to an encore sang 14 The Jossers' Cricket Olub.' Messrs. Polglast and Noble, Mrs. J. A. Dean and Miss Wilson, rendered solos in the second part the latter having a violin obligate by Mr. C. Woods. The quartette* 41 The Chapel,' and 44 The Gipsy Laughing Trio,' were admirably eong. Miss Amy Woods acted as accompanist throughout the evening* the piano having been kindly lent by Mrs. J. Lowe. The Concordia Hall, Pitt-street, was the scene of a very merry gathering on Friday evening, when about eighty coupleB assem bled to surprise Mr. and Mrs. J. Brierly. The opening chorus, by the Brierly Variety Company, set the ball Tolling* and the fun was kept going throughout the evening with zest. A well-selected program me of eighteen dances was gone through to the strains ef a first-class 6tring band, &1eo two extras by MeBSrB J. Held and Rodham. Songs were ably rendered as follows ; '? Espanita,' Mr. Brierly ; 41 When the Tide Comes In,' 'The Song that Reached My Heart,' and ' Two Little Girls in Blue,' Mis McDonald ; ' True till Death,' Mr. Lee ; 44 Pretty Pond Lillies *' Miss Kennedy; 41 Is that Mr. Kiley?' Mr. Rodham ; 4t Dinkiano*' Miss Lilly ; 44 Close,' Mr. Brierly ; li Yesterday,' Miss O. Ceifee ; song and dance, 41 Pretty Roses, Don't You Tell,' Miss Flo Lilly; 41 Mother's Good-bye to her Boy,' Mr. W. Johnson ; ' Playmates 'i and Scotch Lassie Jean,' Mr. Murphy ; and numerous others. Besides those already mentieued, we noticed present Mesdames Jjilly-CrapD, Brierly, bales, and Johnson ; Misses Gal'vin, Norah Hughes* A.' Higgins, Monaghan, CounoUy, Lewis, Williams, O'Neill, Johnson (2), Gardner (2), and Lippman ; Messrs. Brierly, Hughes, Claydon, Birkenshaw* Butler, Johnson, Gardner, Gor don, Coifee, and others. M.ucb credit is due to Mrs. Lilly-Orapp, Miss Norah Hughes, and Mr. McDonald (M.C.) for the energetic manner in which they worked to ensure such a pronounced success. The company separated shortly before 3 o'clock, all thoroughly pleastd with their evening's entertainment. Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Bowling were 44 at heme ' ou Wednesday evening at 44 Walyer,' Druiumoyne Park. Every possible arrange ment was made for the pleasure and comfort of the guests, who numbered close upou ou. Lancers had a fine floor and good music. The broad balconies overlooking the river were decorated with banting and Chinese lanterns. The supper was an exquisite affair, the tables being decorated with daffodils and jonquils, table trimmings of buttercup, iairy lamps* etc. Dancing started at 7.30 p.m.* and did net terminate till 2 a.m.* especial 'bus conveying the Sydney guests to town. Among those present were Mr6. Mark Wil liamson. who wore a gown of vie ox rose, trimmed with moire riboon. aud cream lace ; Mrs. Davenport, black silk, with piuk trim mings ; Mrs. Fleming, black silk and jet ; Mrs Coombe. black velvet and point lace ; Mrs. Blair, uiack silx ; Mrs. Daly, electric blue silk, cream trimmings : Mrs. J. Johnston, black satin, pink trimmings ; Mis. Chilcoit* black net ; Misses Dim end (2), grey and pink and eau de nil ; MLs Webb* fawn ben galine and brown noire ; Mrs. M. Daly, black silk and jet; Miss Ramsay, green velvet ; Miss Blair* cream liberty silk ; Mrs. Burt* black and heliotrope; Miss Lily Daly, cream silk ; Miss Keary* piuk merveilleux and chiffon ; Mrs. T. Dowling, pink brocade and poait lace; Miss Johnston, geranium red silk; His* O'Rooike, white brocade and green Telvet ; Miss Glasheen, black eilk and velvet ; Mr«. P. J. Dowling* black silk and pink velvet ; Mrs. J. A. Smith, black silkand jet Messrs. B. Daly, M. Daly* O'Rourke, J. A. Lord, W. Dimond, J. Lord, J. Munro, 11. Punch* P. Westcott, and 6. Punch. Mr. and Mrs. Dowling leaYe for Cooaa en Monday evening. The 9th annual ball in connection with Shamrock Club was held at Leigh House on Friday evening* the attendance numbering fully 80. couples. Excellent music was supplied by Meesrs. Connors Bros. Orchestra, aud tbe floor was in its usual first-class con dition, which credit is due to Mr. Johnston (hon. secretary), under whose able super vision the whole ef the arrangements were successfully carried out. Messrs. D. Farrell and E. Bisbton officiated as M.C's. in a very efficient manner. A lecherche supper was served at midnight, after which dancing was continued till 4 a.m. Some very pretty evening and fancy dresses were worn by the ladies, the most noticeable being Miss L. McKinlay, who looked charming as 44 Queen lonez;' Miss W. Jones, buttercup silk* velvet trimmings, diamond ornaments ; Miss G. Jones, *' Romany Peasant ' ; Mrs. McC&be;, black silk and jet ; Mrs. Dunn, white silk, green velvet trimmingB ; Miss McBeth, cream silk, trimmings of pale blue velvet ; Miss Galloway, 44 School Girl'; Miss F. Summers, 4- Moonlight'; Miss T.Lucas, brown satin, gilt trimmings ; Miss £. Lucas, black velvet and jet ; Miss HcCabe, cream silk and green vcivet ; Mis; Nihil!* eau de nil and violet trimmings; Miss Dubois, pink 6ilk and black velvet; Miss Jarvey, buttercup and black lace ; Miss Darey, sea green nun's veiling and chiffon ; Miss Barnes, black velvet, ciiiam iace and jet ; Miss Woods, pale blue silk and net; Miss Loveridge, biack silk lace trimmings ; Miss P. Lucas, cream siLk 'and green velvet; Miss H. Murphy* pink erepe de chene and wbits lace; Mies A. Lucas, pale blue crepon aud lace ; Mibb M. Nihill, 'Autumn Miss N. Gorman, 44 America Miss O'Neill, 'Dancing Girl Miss Murpby, ,4Arrab na Pogue;' Miss Jarrett, 44italmn Peisant Girl ; ' Miss Anderson, 14 Schoolgirl ; ' Mrs. Green, black eilkand jet ; Mrs. B. Cohen, cream cashmere and green ; Mrs. Woods* green velvet and pea green eilk trimmings; Mrs. P* Sblomons, black rilk and jet ; Mrs.' J. Cohen, black merveilleux and jet; Mrs. H. Cohen, brown eilk. Among the gentlemen in fancy cos tumes were Mr. Joe O'Haro, 44 Jockey ; ' H. Davis, -{ Don C&sar; ; ' P. J. Dufficy, 41 Naval Officer.' During the evening several extras were lendeied by Mr. D. White, 