CATHOLIC DOCTRINE.— FAITH AND SUPEResTITIOff. BEPLY BY FATHER GAUGHEEN. The Very Eev. Father Gaughren, O.M.I., on Sunday night last at Bt. Patrick's Church, Fremantlo, replied to the sermon on the above named subject given by the Eev. Mr. Bryant on tho preceding Sunday. Pr. Gaughron said he had onco more to defend some points of Catholic doctrine which had been assailed. His neighbour, Mr. Bryant, had denounced some of the dearest doctrines of their faith and he felt that he could not allow such attacks to go forth without disproof. He could not admire the modesty of the rev. gentleman, who at the utmost, repre sented but a small religioussect, in de nouncing so violently and dogmatically the doctrines of the largest body of Christians in the world ; in opposing himself to a Church, which has existed from the time of Our Savour unto our own; a Chuich, which has been the means of Salvation to countless mil lions ; a Church to which Protestants owe so much, as indeed is admitted by Mr. Bryant himself. Insetting him self up as an infallible oracle, in matters of doctrine whom did Mr. Bryant re present ? Himself, and possibly the small religious body with whom he is connected, but certainly not the great body of Protestants, because many of them hold to the doctrines which he denounces. Should we not expect, said Fr. Gaughren, to find cogent argument and careful reasoning at least, if not strong proof, to counterbalance the great disparity of one man against millions of peoplo. He had previously pointed out that Mr. Bryant was con tent with stout assertion, that no Pope could claim a greater infallibility than that exercised by the rev. gentleman. Fr. Gaughren was inclined to think that in avoiding argument he hod acted not unwisely, for he had probably found that no practical proof could be found for the statements he had made. If there were arguments, surely bo zealous and painstaking a man would have given them. He himself was not so un charitable as to think that, Mr. Bryant in entering into this discussion, was aware of the weakness of the case against the Catholic. Church. Greater men that he, Cardinal Newman for one, had started out to condemn her, bat upon research had found that she atonewas the Church of Christ, and had submitted to her authority.* Father Gaaghren said he had to thank Mr. Bryant for the opportunity of explain ing, some parts of the Catholic doctrine, while he could not have found other wise. He .was. also pleased to think that the rev. gentleman had made many a man think seriously is to his position. If so that was a groat step in the rjght direction, and if followed byprayer, divine grace would lead them into the true faith. The preacher said that he would not* quarrel with Mr. Bryant's definition of faith and super stition j he * would not have time in three tor ' four discourses to go fujly over ' the field thus travelled in birch speed by that gentle man. Mr. Bryant had paid a compli ment to the Catholic Church as to the debt owed by the world to her, bujt he said that she had run into superstition. Father Gaughren said he had on a pre vious occasion offered abundant scrip tural and other testimony, which had not been rebuttea, in proof of the divine institution of the Catholic Church as the teacher, of mankind. Jesus. Christ had promised to remain with her to the end of time, and hs had guaranteed that the .Gates of Hell ' should not prevail against her.' How are these divine pro mjses compatible with superstition. The very rev. speaker did not mean that there were not superstitious Catholics as there were, undoubtedly, super stitious ProtestarotB, .Ho. woke of the Church not of individuals. Mr. Bryant had instanced the- dogma of Papal Infallibility job one of the superstitions of the Catholic Church. Here again, said Father Gaughren, the whole ques tion turned upon the fact of divine ap pointment. If this doctrine be of God, then; accoiding to Mr. Bryant's do finition of superstition it cannot bo eupertitious. Mr. Bryant' is not very logical, said the speaker, ' Does he imagine that his simple ° word will be accepted as against the mass' of authority and argument .recently brought ; forward in favor of the Catholic contention.' It had been shown that Christ commissioned St. Fetor and his successors to represent Him on earth as ^ho chief teachers of thepoople; and that speaking in virtue of that commission; the Pope is by a special providence pre gorvodf rom error. -The sesond example of Buparatifcion given by Mr. Bryant it the Cajbholic doctrine of baptismal re gene j-atiou. Again, may we ask doe* ?thU come from God or not 9 U it does, pp one has th» right to brand it as superstitious .Todoee uablaephem-f. That it is taught by a divinely appoint ed Church- is a proof that lit oomfrs from tipd. Morftbver we flod Jesus Christ uniting «q it * Qo y« thflMfore and tn&lta; duetoisrof «|4aatuW' bapttsiBg tk««u Jt«^ Mat. 3^-HiJ, 1», -'«4iitkat heu»r«4li ? - asd t I* AMJttkttl' wdl- - b- ^jfamnji 04UT a4ffK tfSjAfft ^ Q^*wMMI AiMtfiiitt born again of water and the Holy Ghost he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God' John iii, 5. Hero we have baptism declared to be absolutely necessary to Salvation by tho lips of Him who came to save the world. Its divine instifcutionis recognised not only by the Catholic Church, but ? by the eastern sects separated from her for 'more than 1.400 years by the Greek Church, and by the great body of Protestant Chrietinns. Will Mr. Bryant's words outweigh all ? The third instance of Bupcretition cited by Sir. Bryant in tho doctrine of transub stantiation, or tho changing of bread and wine into the bedy and blood of Jesus Christ in the Holy Eucharist. Fr. Gaughren contended that if there was only one doctrine laid down with special clearness in the New Testament it was this. In tho 6th chapter of tho Gospel of St. John, Our Lord with the greatest distinctness promised to give his sacred body to be tho spiritual nourishment' of His people. His hearers understood Him to epeak in a literal sense, and, like many heretics of the pressnt day, would not beliove Him. Instead of explaining away His words, as He would have done had they mis understood Him, Our Lord insists all tho more strongly upon the necessity of receiving His flesh and blood, it' they would be saved ' This is the bread ' he says ' which came down from Heaven ; he that eatcth this bread shall live for ever.' Many of his disciples left Him, exclaiming like nineteenth century un believers ' This is a hard saying who can beliove it? ' Tho narrative of the Lord's Supper as given by three of the evangelists, can leave no doubt upon the inind of any unprejudiced reader who believes in the divine power of Jesus, as to how he fulfilled this promise. ' He took broad and blessed it and gave it to His apOBtles, saying : This is my body. He put wine in the Cup, blessed it and gave to them, saying : This is the chalice of my blood which shall bevhed for you.' There is no ambiguity about His words. He gavo His apostles not bread and wine, but His sacred body and blood. The bread and wine had by His divine power been changed into His sacred body and blood. To tlis apostles He g&vG; the power to do what He had done ; that is to change bread and wine into His sacred body and blood. ' Do this in remembrance of me.' This ie what is meant by transubstantiation. It is a great mystery, but there is no other way of understanding our Sav iour's word. It was eo St. Paul under stood thorn, as evidence, I Co. iii. Ho they wore understood from the begin ning of the Church, with scarcely on opposing voice,till the sixteenth century. Even then Luther could not bring him self to deny the real presence of Jesus into the Holy Sacrament. 'Had Dr. Carlstadt on anyone eke,' he wrote to Bueu in 1524 ' been able to persuade niu five years ago that the Sacrament of tho Altar is but' bread and whie, he wi-uld indeed hai-vo done me a grca$: service, and rendered very material aid in oiy. qfforts to make . £ preach ill iha Papacy. But it is all in vain; I con not escape : the meaning of the text is too evident. Erery artinoe of language will be powerless to explain it away : Asa fourth instance of superstition Mr. Bryant referred to the respect shown by Catholics to the crucifix and the images or pictures of the saints, which ho very dogmatically characterises as idolatrous. Fr. Gaughnin showed what, he said, every Catholic child understood, that it is not to the picture or image in itself that respect is shown! These, as every child is taught, ' have no power to hear or Bee or help us/' It is to Jesus, as represented by the crucifix, dying for our sake3, that tho honour is given- It is to his saints that respect is shown when iheiv pictures are treated with voufiration. Whatever boathens in India do, Catholics know their own minds in the matter. Even those heathens, as is plain, are not idolators, although pagans, if they do not worship images This respect lor holy iniage3 is .consonant with reason, ' nor is it repugnant to tho law of God. Fr. Gaughren showed that tho text in Exodus xjc. which Protestants uiis tokenly call the second commandment, only forbids the making of images to worship them. God himself commanded the images of cherubim to be made and placed over the ark. He ordored the figure of a sorpent in brass to be set up an a remedy against the venuoio of the fiery serpents. Solomon caused various figures to bo used as ornaments in the temple. And, remarked the rev. gent'.o uran, even Mr. Bryant himself does not ;ay»gether object, to images in diviue wprship. The nitre numerous the images of her most Gracious Majcstr, the'Qiieen, upon gold or silver coin, in the collection the better pleased, no doubt, is the minister. As to the relics of the saints, Holy Scripture shows us their efficacy. In Kings ii, as the Pro testant version has it, or Kings iv, 13, 21, as in the Catholic Bible we read how a dead man wai restored to life on touching the bones of tu9 prophet Eliseusor Elisha. 'I should ifke,' said the preacher, 'to give Mr. Bryant as a text for a sermon, Acts xijc, 1J.-12. ? And God wrought special miracles by the hands of P.vil ; so that from his body were brought onto the siek hand kerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from themr Nejther ' St. fcfciijnor his eonVerti* appear to hiys Wen ' jjpund Proteeto&i; a#e- Ifc Bryant1)* typ«. The thadew of B\\. pifw imk* umm* &*ti . tt* #i?V that then P If not why should a eimi. lar thing be superstitious now P The charges which Mr. Bryant makes against the Catholic Church of ' jug glery ' and -of enoouraging superstitioa for base money-making purposes, wen characterised by Fr, Gaughren as vile calumnies. He had, ho said, on pre vious occasions convicted Mr. Bryant of similar false and injurious Btato monta, wliich that gentleman had not the honesty to withdraw; nor had he at tempted to sustain them. Surely a minister of religion ought to be the last to make such charges without at tho same time giving the evidence which would prove the truth of his state ments. The reference which the Eev. Vtr Bryant had made to Ireland was, Father Gaughren said, singularly unhappy, ft was true, unfortunately, that the popu lation of that country had sunk from ' eight millions to about four and a half millions, within the hist fifty years. But why ? Owing to the action of tlu» unjust and oppressive laws imposed upon that unhappy land by its Protestant rulers. Owing to avoid able famines ; owing to an emi gration which ? was a disgrace to those who governed tho country, a wretched condition of things which, honest men were now at .last seeking to remedy. But is it for a Protestant to gloat over that misery ? He (the preacher) had no statistics at hand to show exactly how Protestantism stood in Ireland, as compared with fifty years ago, but he was quite sure Protestants liad not doubled in number, ho questioned if the number had not con siderably diminished. It is fortunately not true that of the diminished Catholio population, a million and a quarter can not read or write. But ^ it had been true it would have been a matter to bring the blush of shame to every Protestant check. For more than two hundred years Ireland suffered perse cution at the hands of Protestant Eng land such as no other nation endured. Every engine wliich satanic ingenuity could devise was employed to crush and to brutaliae her people. The Catholio schoolmaster was liable to imprison ment, banishment and death. A Catholic parent sending- his child abroad for education was liable to a severe penalty, and the child so sent was dis abled from every inheriting, purchasing or enjoying lands, or profits, goods, debts, legacies, or sums of money. With the cry of Liberty of Conscience on their lips the Protestants of £ng- hind enacted a code of ponaj laws against Catholics of which Edmund Burke says : — ' It was a machine of wise and ela borate contrivance, '-as well fitted foi the oppression, impoverishment and ~ degradation of a people, and the debasement in them of human nature itself as ever proceeded from tha perverted ingenuity of man,'1 — 'a code,' according to the late Lord Chief Justice . Coleridge,, 'aa hateful as anything ever seen since (ihe founda tion of tho vrorld'} a code, pf which the licvl Sydney Smith wrote :— ' It reflects indelible disgrace upon the English character ' ; and Mr. Matthew Arnold wrote of it as 'that penal code, of wliich the monstrosity is not iialf known to Englishmen, 'and may be. studied by them with profit.' Surely if Ireland were as illiterate &s; Mr. Bryant pretends, it ill, becomes him to make it a reproach, against lior. But although Ireland has suffered . from Protestant persecution and Pro testant injustice, tho Catholic Church has not been the losor. God who knows how to bring good out of evil, has made Ireland's misfortunes . & means of spreading the Catholic faith in every land in wliich the English language is spokeu. Tha Irish .exiles driven by millions across the Atlantic have built up a glorious Church in the great Re public of the West, such as the world never saw before. In Canada, in South Africa, here in Australia, the Church is advancing with giant strides, because Irelands sens and daughters wore driven from thar homes. In England and Scotland too, the Church lias arisen from her luins, raised up once more fcjr the horney- handed. tojlere who, striptof all things else carried with $hem from the shores of Erin the faith- whioh ' Patrick preached. And if, as seems not unlikely.there is a prospect oi' the English people returning to t£e Church ol their father*, they will sow the gmee mxA-r God, as their Saxon ancestors sowed if in great measure, to the dovotodnaw of the children of Ireland. The rev. gentleman concluded by exhorting those of his hearers, who had come to discover that many of thi ideas about Catholic Doctrine which they had been taught to entertain vt/iiti false, to continue ihoir enquirios and not to rest catjified until they had as certained the truth us to tho claims' of the Catholic Church to unite prayers with their search for Jruth ; and to have the courage t,() .accept the con soquoncc to which reason and con science .would lead. .*'''.' Jack rabbits from tho far weetars sold in $hp New Vorfc markets. Thoj &ro; sent east in great Jiugibeps byAnsf $(iat buy of tfio pot iWjers, ' Tjiey ajt| sold siaB bv aiilo with tho Native ' hu- pf tuo fj-asv and each jack rabbit w^ouribtt ' Vh» fomoas l«oa| M-»Ar «f fh* ^Mfe - Vm n'ftmts1hi ArtkohaiA tni- tffltrmm ?? -p*l*keiiw^Biai.M^e,/fjrop^ 