FLOODS lAr THE NORTH. [BY ELECTRIC TELEO-RAI-H.] INGHAM, April ia The »¡ghost flood ever known commenced on Saturday night last, and reached ita highest point on Sunday at midday. Only a very small portion of Ingham, inoludtng the sites of the hotels and hank, was then on dry ground. Mr. Archie Buchanan, with his wife and five children, and M Albert CMnnrini, refused to leave thc homet' on Saturday night { and whi they were being rescued on Sunday the bo ran against a tree which knooked a boai IOOBC, and tbe boat oink. All the oocupan except fonr were resonad. Tho four wi were drowned were Cummins, Buchanan, ai two children, and their bodies have sin been reaovercd and interred. Some hu dreds of cattle were swept pott lugosi principally the property of the Coloni Sugar Refruing Company. Many of thc were dead. The number liss not been asa rained. The river was flooded tor forty hom At Gairloch the water rose no higher t han the flood of 1890 ; but it was alxmt 4 I higher ot Ingham. Great damage was do: to the northern approach pf Gairloch Bridrj Cully an area of throe acres of the river bai was washed away, and thc lagoon bebii Farr's store is now connected with the rive Portion of Farr's store was carried awa The river is now 12 ft. over the bridge ; b it is falling slotvly. No uows bas been recoivi from MaciiAde, Ripple Greek* - Halifax, 1 Dungeness yet. There ie 3 ft. of water in t! Victoria mill ; but no serious damage ti been done. Thc flood at Bronte, Orien and Waterview was not higher than usur No ossuollies aro reported. A very heat gale of wind, lasting four days, and culmina ing in a hurricane, preceded the flood. TM in conjunction with the spring tide, accoitb for the abnormal risc in the river. Tl weather continues wet, nine inches of rsl having fallen since tho Rood. INOIJAM, April 13. The bodies of all those who were drownc have been recovered except that of tí youngest child. Fears are entertained of tl death of n man named Williams, at tjannei cost. His house is completely submerger and is unapproachable at present. Thc bod of a blackfellow is reported to have' been See floating down the river. The bridge ove Palm Creek, at thc Victoria mill, has bec washed away. Nothing serious is reporte from Maonade and Ripple Creek yet. HEBBE ÍTON, April 13. The late heavy rains have done conslrlerabl damage to-the roads throughout the district Tbe ^Borough Council bas no funds ovailabl for repairs. One-mile bridge ts impassable the approaches having been washed away Other bridges must have been injured. A Woodleigh tbe Wild River rose 12 ft. higbei than any previous flood mark. That is ai least about 60 ft. above the ordinary level At Irvinebank all work is suspended, and th< Volcan mine has boen shut down. : BftnOuMB, April 12. The Electric. Telegraph Department advise a*. foUow:-^" Urandangie, 13th of April: Heavy rsltu, ) the Georgina River in flood ¡ th« waters rose rapidly to an alarming height, and reached, their highest level at mid- night du the Slst of March ; thc township and the surrounding country isoontplotely inundated.! oo line was visible for two days , the telegraph building is safe and dry, but tba water rose to about within 1 ft* af the floor level ; all nhs other houses wen more or less submerged, and two coUapsed ; 12-85 in. of rain was registered in tour days ¡ Headingly reports over 18 in. in tbe same time ; and Catrandotta, ll in.; tbe flood is unprecedented. 