GENERAL BRIEFS. One-third of the world in controlled br the Anglo-Saxon ruse. The longest clock pendulum ever mud. is that of the Eiffel Tower — 377ft. Over 20,000 men, women and children, died from snake bites in the year 1813 in India. Leather trunks were made and sold in Rome as early as the days of Jnlius Ciesar. There are more strikes in the United States than in all the rest at the world put together. _No man of a less stature than five feet nine and a half inches can enter the nolico force of New York. A Waterloo veteran, in the person of Count Donnet-Vorget, has died at Paris at the age «f 100 years. The Admiralty have given instructions for swimming classes to be formed at the aueerness school ot Gunnery. The largest bronze statue in the world is that of Peter the Great at St. Peters burg. Its weight is about 1100 tons. A singular discovery has been made in Algeria on the site of the ancient Roman town of Tkamugadia, now known as Tim- gad. Portions oi a colossal statue, the height of which is estimated to have been no less than nine yards, have been, found. In Hungary it is the custom for the groom to give ttie onae a kick after the wedding ceremony to make her feel her subjection. This is a matter that suggests thought. The tail of the kangaroo is the fleshiest part of the animal. It is considered dainty food when boiled in its own skin, which afterwards may be drawn off like a, glore. A vessel called the Islam detained at Glasgow because she is laden with contra band of war, supposed to be intended for one of the belligerent powers in the Far East. British Government does not want to pay another Alabama claim. History mentions a single battlefield where one king was slain and his suc- cessor crowned — the battle of Bosworth Field, fought on 14th August, 1485c Richard 111. was slain, and the Earl of Richmond was crowned as Henry VII. There is one place in the world, at any rate, where the streets- are literally paved, with gold. At Johannesbergit has becn. lound that stone recently supplied by a mine on the main reef for paving ths streets yields six pennyweights to" the ton. An American physician in Tokio is doing a rushing business by straightening the slant in the eyes of the Japanese. A fine silk thread draws up the eyelids and holds them in place. A few neat stitches are all that arc required. The term "infantry" was first used by the Spaniards, in the wars with the Moors, to designate the bodyguard of a Boyal prince, or infante. It was later extended to the entire body of foot soldiers, and finally adopted throughout Europe, Sometimes there are precocious beys other than Colonials, Our cable mes sages report the suicide bv hanging of a little eleven year old Londoner, who took his life in a fit of piqne because of being punished for a misdemeanor by the deprivation ot his dinner. Announcement that the authorities of Argentina have decided to allow the ex tradition of the swindler Jabez Spencer Balfour is fully confirmed. The detective at Buenos Ayres sent to arrest the in famous Liberator inau has telegraphed " All right" to the Scotland yard authori ties. Balfour will get a warm weloome back to his native land, wholly of women,1" Yncrfi<jJi?g"1» Wttt- lan- wives, who are divided into nine classes, according to the station of life in which tbey were born. Thirty women guard the entrance to his private apartments, while five more are itis constant personal attendants. Moths can be successfully removed from carpets in the following mannerc — - Wring a coarso towel out of clear, cold: water ; spread it smoothly on the carpet, iron it dry with a good hot iron, repeat- ing the operation wherever the moths are supposed to be. There is no need to press hard, and the color ot the carpet will not be injured, as the moths are destroyed by the heat and steam. M. Casitnir-Perier, who is forty-nix years old, is, with two exceptions, tbe- youugest ruler whom France has had since Napoleon, at thirty, became First Consul. Louis XVII. at his accession was fifty-nine, Charles X. was sixty- seven, Louis Phillipe fifty-seven. Thiers seventy-three, MacMahon sixty-five, and Grevy seventy-one. Cavaignac, however, was only lortv-fiix when placed at tha head of the State, and Louis Napoleon, who succeeded liiin, was only forty. The death is announced of General 1 1 ah 1 n oi Vlor TtfilllftllS'Bri new Griffiths, u lody of Welsh birth, at tbo ago of ninety-three, in the apart ment in Paris where she hud Jived for many years. fSlie had bean in a wander ing stale of mind, ber faculties having declined about the ttroe when her son a popularity in Paris was at its climax. She was unaware of his expulsion from ilie army, or of his exile and suicide in the Ixcllcs Cemetery at Brussels. Valentine Vox seoras to have found an imitatur in au adopted Japanese girr of eighteen who resides in the province ot Tvtfi, Her foster-parents and neighbors were recently astounded by the discovery that the Iioubc was haunted by a most mysterious voice. No " ghost " could be discovered. At last it was found that the giri had developed an extraordinary faculty for ventriloquism. She bad been exercising her faculty for the purpose of compelling her parents by adoption to restore her to lier real mother. The trade in shrimps has grown so enormously during the last year or two that about four tons daily are despatched. Dy the mail boats from Ostcnd to Dover, whence they are despatched chiefly to i l _..,J ih. .miilrna /if 1 j All CI" AJOHUOM ttliu MIC glCUb — shire and Yorkshire. They nrecaugu on the 6and coasts of Belgium and. hoile ready for market, and packed in huge- hauij ersso as to reach breakfaBt tabiesin the Kuglish Midlands the next day. A little extract of liquorice destroys the taste of aloes ; peppermint water dis guises nauseous tusle of salts ; milki8 a good abater of the bitter flavor of Peru viati bark, and cloves ibtit of senna- Oa6tor nil cannot be tasted if beaten r.n thoroughly mixed with the white of an egg. Another method of covering tba nauseous taste of castor or cod-livcr nu 10 to put a laWcspooiiful of strained orang juice in a wiueglusa, pour the oil into the centre of the juice, and then squeeze a few drops of the juice upon the oil and upon the edge of the glass. r Asaninstar.cc of the courtesy oi tli Itoyal Family, it may bo mentioned tlia when on artist went down to >M»w Dodge the other day to make a sketch o the birth-place of our future Kiug. the Duke of York himself gave the artist aU the necessary information, and was a much pains to secure the accuracy of (th® sketch. At last the Prince «ke?» 44 Would you like to hare the "oaby m draw from ? You can if you like, yo know," he said ; but. candidly, it t not a whit different from every other baDy» and at present I personally cannot sa» much myself except a bundle of flannel 