Cheating the Gous. A correspondent oi the North China Herald , writing from the interior of Kiangsu province, mentions that one of the. Industries there is the manufacture of 'mock money for offering to the dead; Formerly '.the- Chinese burnt slinni paper iiii'iiey, hut in these days pf enlightenment and loieign intercourse the natives of Soongkong» Hangchow, and other placeB have come to the conclusion that dollars are more handy to the ghosts than clumsy paj er n.oney ; hence they now, to' a great extent, supply their ancestors and departed friends with mock dollars. These are onli' half the size of real dol'ars, but there " appears to be no more barm iu cheating the dead than there is in cheating the living. Besides, the deceased are not supposed to know the dif ference, for many of them departed . this life before silver dollnrs were imported into China. A hundred mock Carolus dollars, done up in boxes, are sold for 34 cash. The operation of making this money 'is interesting. First of all there are blocks of tin which are melted down and then poured between boards lined with Chinese paper, and when the upper hoard iB pressed .down on the lower a thickness of tin remnins. This is next cut up into strips four inches long, one wide, and an eighth of an inch thick. Borne ten of the Btrips are placed evenly together, one on top of the other, and one is held between the fiugers, when the workman proceeds to hammer them out till he has beaten them so fine that they are now three feet long and a foot broad, and so thin that they are not thicker than the thinnest paper. This is next pasted on common cardboard, which is then cut with a punching machine to the size of half-dol lars, and this having been done, a boy takeB the cut-out pieces in hand and with two dies, one representing the one side and the other the re - verse, hammers impressions of dollars on them, and the money is ready for use. Another curious instance of the practice of cheating the gods is recorded in the some journal, but from quite a different part of the country. It appears that districts of the Anhui province have lately been ravaered by an epidemic,' so that in many places the people were unable to attend to the harvest, ing of the crops. An attempt was then made to deceive the gods by " playing at" New Year's Day and pretending that September 1 was the first day of the new year. Every preparation for celebrating the bogus new year was made, such as burning fire-crackers aiid pasting happy senteuces in red paper on the doors. The ob ject was make the god of sickne&s; think that he had made a mistake iu the seasons and had erred in bringing an epidemic on the people at a time when no epidemics in the course of nature should appear. As any action contrary to nature done by the gods is liable to punishment by the King of Heaven, the actors in this farce thought that the god of sickness would gather his evil spirits back to him for fear of the displeasure of his superior divinity. This child's play received the permission and co-operation of, the local authorities, but so far no visible effects for the better are apparent. 