PUBLIC MEETING AT BRUNSAVTCK. THE OPPOSITION STRONGLY CON DEMNED. WHO ARE THE REAL OPPONENTS OF THE LAND TAX 1 A public meeting to consider tho political crisis was held in the open air at Brunswick on Saturday oveniug. About 500 porsons attended, and the clmix was occupied by tho mayor of Brunswick, Mr. D. Y. Hennessy, Tho Mayor said that ns the owuer of proporby tho land tax was bound to affeot him, but ho nevertheless thought tho Govornmont should be loyally supported in its effort to balance the State ledger. The Into election should have been an objeot lesson to plotter and intriguers, but it appeared as if another oleotion was neces sary to sweep that class of people out of Parlia ment, aiul allow the publio businoss to be pro- ooeded with. (Cheers.) Mr. Alexander AValcs moved as follows : — That in tho opinion of this mooting Mr. M'Konzio's want of confltlenco motion with regard to tho prcsonb Govornmont is vexatious in tho extreme, boing mischievous in tho attempts to delay legislative action, and thoroforo. detrimental to the best interests of tho colony. In tho Government policy thoy had direct taxation embodied in the best form, nnd it was tlio best tax ovor introduced into the colony. This thoy must havo, or bo compelled to ask thoir English creditors for time. (Hear, bear.) Mr. M. H&nna; seconded tho motion, saying a tax oil land was fairer than a tax on tea and sugar. The speaker road a letter from Sir. lliggins, SI.L.A., who was unable to be present, but who wroto anenfc " the oxoollcnt taxation proposals of tho.Govornment and in condemna tion of tactics whioh tended to stave off direct taxation." < Sir. Cook, SI.L.A, supported the motion. If SEri Turner did right ho would insist that the House sit on until the motion was disposed of. Ho' had looked up Sir. SFKonzie's speech made to oust the Patterson Government, and he fonnd that gontloman said that what was required was " economy, retrenchment and direct taxation" ; woll, that was exactly what tho Tumor Government proposed. Sir. Sl'Kenzio was ono who blew hot to-day and oold to morrow, and because he was not in the Ministry ho was In opposition. Tho poople of the colony should mark such mon in their memory, and subsequently Remember their names at tho ballot box. (Choern.) Tho men In oppo sition did nut nrguo away tho princi ples of the land tax, or beoauao it was unfair or inequitable, . but becauso selfish ness and self interest was at tho bottom of it. (Hoar, liuar.) They would malign and obstruct, and would not pay becauso they had a right to. Sir. Sl'Kenzio was a large land owner, so was Sir. Russell, and Sir. Staugliton and Mr. Chirusidc. Mr. iStaughton owned 19,127 acres, ami paid a tax of £104 a year ; Sir. Russell owned 27,000 acres, and paid £147 a year ; whilo Sir. Ohirn- sido and his family owned 272,000 acres, and paid £800 a year, when they ought to ho paying six or eight times as much, which tho landowners well know they will havo to do if the proposed tax bocomos law. (Loud cheers.) It was admittedly an inopportuno time for a land tax, but it was necossitiotiH, nnd more in opportune still to tax household commodities. Tho incidenco of tho land tax, without excep tions, was to affect 920,000 of (the population, and with £100 exemption, 64,000 peopio would not pny anything, so that it could not be called a class tax. The Chirusidefl, laud uudor tho prcsout tax was vnluud at £2 an acre, when it was really worth £12 or £14 an acre. Ho thought they would easily see tho real, reason for the hoitilo opposition to n land tax. (Applauso.) If the Sl'Konzio motion was carried, who would bo tho corning man, Sir. MMCenzic or Sir. Harper? (Laughtor.) The latter allowed his sympathy for tiio poor farmer by a proposal to squeeze the arrears for rent out of him. (A Voice ; Ho id a political fraud.) And this was ono of the men thoy must look to if tho Govern ment was defeated. Then thoy had Sir James Patterson arfd Sir. Frank Madden. Thcso were to bo the saviours of the colony. However, ho did not think thoy had a ghost of a show of gotting into power just yet, or were qualified in any caso to pull us . out of our difficulties. Tho Opposition could echo nothing in their dilemma but retrcnchmout, and that would not aavo ub. Tho I'romior'H position with tho country at his hack was a strong one. He asked thorn for £528,000, and tho alternative was repudiation. He had but to remain firm and the people true, and success was certain. (Loud cheers.) Tho motion was carried, unanimously. The .Rev. F. Slason also spoke. Tho land difficulty was tho root of demoornoy, and when once nettled would' ineau pe&co; and prosperity for the futuro. lie bolicved politics should como out of tho pulpit, which would tend to giving thorn righteous legislation. Thoy slionld tax not food supplies, hub what inon could hoard up and prize and crush peopio with. (Ap- plaimo.) Mr. J. F. Haasctt moved— That the members for the district bo respectfully requested to support tho present Administration in its eniloavnr, by economy, retrenchment ami direct taxation, to set the colony's fiiiauco.s right. \- Mr. M. Dmnphy accondcd the motion, which was supported by Mr. R. O. Kofford, and car ried unauiniously. 