AMUSEMENTS. The Australian drama "The Squatter's Pardon" was again presented at the Bijou Theatre on Friday night, when there was another large and apprecistive attendance. Tne play went merrily from «*art to finish, and Mr. Walter Bentley and the various members of the Garriok Dramatic dub were frequently greeted with riifirTimii?^*?"K ap plause, Mr. J. H. Lyons, as Tom Teviod, fully maintained bis reputation as one of the leading amateur actors in thfl" city, and Miss Mary Bancroft, Miss Marion- Woodcock, and Miss Beatrice Mo&tt; all created a most favorable impression. "Is Marriage a Failure V the comedy with which the evening's entertainment is pleasantly con cluded, is nightly given by Mr. Walter Bentley and Miss Mary Bancroft in such a TnimnAr as to command tbe enthusiastic applause of the audience. "The Squatter's Pardon 9' will bo presented for the iast time this erening, when there should be a bumper house. Tbe last Continental of tbe season will take place at the Exhibition Gardens this even* ing and an excellent programme has been arranged for the oacasion. Miss Gnli. TTmflr, AE.O.M., sod Mr. Milford Haven will ring, and scenic illustrations of the South Paci£o< will be exhibited by Mr. Boland Bishop, these interesting views being original ones recently taken by Mr. Bishop himself. Popular selec tions will be given by the Military Band, and tbe Exhibition Building has been reserved in case of inclement weather. On Monday next a special free entertainment will be given by Mr. Basse to children. There is some probability of the Australian oomio opera "Inunomeena" being performed for a short season at tbe end of April. Mr. Wybert Heeve has submitted a proposal to the committee of the Operatic Club which win most likely be accepted, and the opera, the libretto of which baa been revised, will, if tbe offer is accepted, be rehearsed immediately. On Monday evening a meeting of members will be held at the Albert Hail, when a re hearsal will take place at the termination of * the business. The plan of the hall for Miss Ada Cros?ley'a complimentary concert in the Town Hall on Thursday evening, March 8, will open at the. music warehouse of Messrs. P. A. Howells and Go. this morning. Tbe programme will be of a most attractive character, die leading members of the musioal profession having volunteered their Berrioes. The attendances at die Qydorama of the Battle of Waterloo were again large onjftiday, and the appreciation shown by the visitors was vstf y/yjiy}fy*i, ghost is Tff?^Tnff Mb last visitations to she eoene of his iicfran. and the enchanted fountain still Bugs merrily on the historical battle-field. The City Volunteer Band gave a concert at the Rotunda on Friday evening, when there was a good attendance. The programme carried out under Ttandrrmrtnt Hodder oon sbted of the march "Precioas," a selection from "V Ijombaidi," the waltz "Immor tellen," a seleotion from "Ernani," the waits "Elfin Saigon," and the oomio ral?etaon "Pan* tomania." On Monday next a recital and concert will be given in the Town HaH by Mr. Walter Bentley and Miss Isabel Webster, assisted by Miss Mary Bancroft and Messrs. B? Nit?ohke and A. Duncan. Miss Webster is too well known as a talented and charming vocalist to need any introduction to Adelaide atxUeno?Sj and as an attractive and interesting programme has been arranged tat theopenine night a weuV filledhoase may be safely predicted. An enjoyable evening was spent by members and friends of the South Australian Commer cial Travellers and Warehouseman's Associa tion at the clubroom? on Friday evening, when tbe president (Mr. J. W. rtiuwllg) ooonpied the chair and tbe Rev. G. E. Bowe gave an. interesting conversational addrere npon "Fixe aide stories." A number of Cornish anecdotes were related in the remacolar with a xaciness and dramatic power which mads every point tell, and laughter and applanss were frequent throughout the evening. Humorous and pathetic zuzratives were con tributed, and the cordial vote of thanks aooorded Mr. Sowa at toe oondmoon of. hk remarks showed the pleasure felt by his listener*. Vocal and instrumental selection* were contributed by Mibb Hodge, Miss Sam son, and Miss Sknce, and by Mr. KanoNxow, whose efforts were much appreciated. 