THE SWORD OF FATE. BY HENRY HERMAN. . Chapter XVIIL While tho worthy eolonel lost his thousands at pool, and finally called imperiously for a pen and ink and paper to writo to hta cousin tho Queen for -renewed aupplles— whilo the Raw Sir. Michael entered into discussion about the chemical composition of hell Are with the gentleman who had told him that ho would burn there — other mon, young, old and middle aged, enjoyed the bright autumn sunshine beneath the asylum wails, on the walks in the grounds, and on tho big strip of land further on, which was only divided from the Berkshire moors by high walls and stupidly refractory warders who would not bo persuaded to accept sixpence, or even a shilling, to close their eyes while their prisoners climbed over. Out there, within sight of them all, in those sweet scented pine woods, Liberty stretohed out her arms, and they nil wanted to get thero, and were not allowed to do so. Ono gentleman, a tall, thin man, with a goatee beard and big grey eyes, with a face that looked as if it had been put betweon a press sideways and had been squeezed out long, stopped in tiio midst of the tender care he bestowed upon a rose tree without a single bud, and wiped his per spiring brow. " Yon don't get suoh rones in Govont Garden," he said to another man on tho opposite sido of the walk, who was patiently cultivating ob streperous tomatoes, "No," replied the other, a short, thick-sot German with swarthy skin, " Ven you aeo roso in Onvent Prn. man poor man, ho mad." Tho gentleman with the goateo beard glared at the man with the olivo skin face. " Yaii !"ho cried, "at any rate, they're bettor than your tomatoes ; your tomatois that never got ripe." "You insult my domadoes," retorted tho Gor man, with > onssr of solemn contempt. "I pidy you." And ho straightway wsnt to tho next warder and told him that ths man with the goatee beard ought really not to ba trusted with garden tools. One little patoh near by glowed with color. Thoro an Amorioan surgeon, who in a momont of epileptio madneBs liod shot a man, thinking be was firing at ths devil, but who had boen lured baok to porfcot sanity, grow tho sweetest rosos. Roses yellow, roses salmon, roses red, and rosos white, perfumed tho air iu beauteous profusion. Noxt to the surgeon, a square jowled and rod bearded Scotohman raised lottucea and cabbages with alloyed Bucoest. The surgeon's strip suffered Beverely at the Scotchman's hands, for whonevor a lettuce or a cabbage failed to sprout properly, a roso was ruthlessly torn from its stem, and planted in its piaoe, while the Scot glared at tiio American. "He's a witch," bo said. "That Yank's a witob. He pits a ourrso on ma kabbidgeB. Aw know. Ho canna cheat me." The surgeon was sane enough to smilo in return, and to suffer in silence. On tbo other side of tho wall, whioh divided tho malo from tho fomaie Bide of tho prison, the strains of waits musio reached the car. In a big hall thero, whioh usually served as waiting room, some five or six musicians sat upon a raised platform, with fiddio, double bass, flute, cornet and tho rest, and discoursed musio from the compositions of Strauss, Gungl and the author of Ta-ra-ra-boom-doay. About a scoro and a half of dear oreatnres, young and middle aged, rather middle aged most of them, but none tho loss youthful in their aspirations aud attire, tripped tho floor iu oouples. A nice young lady with yellow hair and a squint of fair proportions, with hor fingers covered with rings to the middle joints, a red satin bow at her breast, and a green one on her head, who had poisoned fonr children because thoy worried hor during thoir lessons, danced with another, a stout young lady, rather more sobor in dreBS, hut more smirky in expression, who had out the throat of hor mother, aud thrown her own baby on the kitchen fire. Other young and elderly porsons of similarly tragic oxpcricncos footed it nimbly without thought oroaro, except when ouo. trod upon another's toes, when a battle royal was only prevented by ths intervention of the fsmalo warder, who kept a keen watch over them all. Another lady— fat, forty, but far from fair— yaiuiy endeavored to entice a bashful young thing who had killed hor husband by pouring boiling water over his faco to join her. in the waltz. " I don't liko to — I don't liko to," smirked tho young, self-made widow. "It is not a stylo of danoe becoming to my complexion." Thoreupon the fat nnd forty lady, tho hue of whose face was something botweeu a gin rod and a whisky blue, followed in tiio footsteps of tile prisoners on tho male side, and lifting up hor oyes, muttered " Poor tiling. She's as mad as a march haro— she's mad." I shall be charged with exaggeration in the pioturc I have drawn, but I resign myself to tbo oritioism in the knowledge that my desoription is lifelike and truthful. There are tho padded rooms— thoro aro the cells — where two or three warders at a - timo have to watoh raving madmen. There aro tho long hospital wards, whore now and then gaunt figures rise from the small bads, and mad eycB glare at tha visitor as he passes through, but my pioturo remaius truthful, nevertheless. Broadmoor it not so much a prison as a hospital. The poor wretches confinod tliero arc treated not so mucli at prisoners as patients. A pooulisr ropngnanoo oppresses tho visitor who outers Broadmoor. Ths knowiedgo that ono is surrounded by 400 to 500 murderers and murderesses olouds ths mind liko an acrid fog. Mrs. Usselby suffered in this way liko every body else. "IVheu first she entered tho great State prison a feeling of awe madu hor flesh creep, and she shuddered in spite of hotself. For a month pre vious to her journey to tho east alio had pictured to herself the place as one of ghostly horrors. Ier fears had so worked upon her miud that she fanoied she could hear the shrieks and yells of raring lunatios ringing in her ears. Slio had pictured to lierself a ssa of gaunt, white, dread ful faces, each distorted by a savago grin. She had seon in her dreams mad eyes glaring at her, and had wrung her hands and wept bitter tears at the thought that hor Ralph was herded among suoh as these. When first she stood before tho gate of tho asylum a cold dread chilled her marrow. It looked so grim, so forbidding, so formal in its massive solidity. Wlion she crossed the threshold she thought her heart would stand still with ioy horror. ' But hope sooii grew in that seemingly barren soil when she knew what she would bo allowed to do for tho comfort of her doar one. Time after time, wlion Ralph was away from his cell, she was permitted to bring new brightness and now ease into it. Once every weok she saw liirn. These were days af a hitter joy— festivals of sweet tears. To see him — to look upon him evon — was a pleasure like none other upon earth. To aeb him bo stricken noarly broke her heart. And yet Ralph was so different from all the root confined in that great prison. Ho bad passed though all his trials and removals with a blank unaonoern. A Plato might have explained the inner workings of that mind, hut no trace of it was depicted on Ralph Uasoiby's faoe. Tbe pioasant smile which had always made his handsorne features doubly attractive still sat there undisturbed. Tho eyes were move dreamy, and now and then looked far beyond tho person addressed. So soft iu all his manner— so un- oomplaining— undisturbed by all that passed about him— ha oboyed every behest as if it wero the most natural thing in tho world. When wife, or sou or friend came to see liirn ho treated eaoh and all witli a smiling recogni tion, but never asked for aught nor spake a word wbicli proved that ho romemborod Usselby Grange, or the old Rosemary, or tho day whioh wrecked his homo. "Will lie ever remember ?" the stricken wife BBkod the medical supsrintondent. ' " Do yoii think his mind will evor come bnck?" "I hope it mqy, apd I think it will," replied the man of soionoe, " Tho only danger is, that when he does remember, the shook of the first memory may be too great, and ha may finally ' and hopelessly break dawn under it. We oan only pray for the best." Each hopeful word brought new gladness to Mrs. Usselby. The wiokod obargo banging over her husband's head and the threatening gallowa bad no awo for her. She knew her husband was innocent. Frank and Mrs. Ussolby were waiting In a big aqunrc room witii vaulted roof. Three windows, barred, and guarded by iron railings, admittod tbo light on ono side. Around a large portion of tho reddened walls ran oaken scats. A heavy table bore and there, and a oouple of benches. No other furniture. Frank had had encouraging news that day. Both ho and Grace had olaims against his father's estate. His own rights wero trivial, being simply matters of account, but Grace's were more serious, and related to moneys left to her in Ralph's oare, and properties in his charge as hor guardian. A chancery' suit had been Instituted against tho ostnte, and Frank had that morning beon informed that tho judge had granted an injunc tion forbidding Mark to deal with or sell any of the property. "That will stop liirn from playing ducks and drakes with our rights," said Frank. "Ho would othorwiso bo quite capable of gambling ovory penny of it away on the Stook Ex- ohaiigc. " It was only a stop, but every inoh of advance was a milo on tho road to a new life of hopo. Somehow or other, botli Frank and bis mother wero in ttioir beartB prepared for pleasant sur prises on that (lay, and they apparently noticed nothing strange when Ralph UsBelby walked up to his wife and kissed her on the forehead as mind was as yet unruffled. He greeted Iiis son with n choory " Good day, lad," an expression ho had not usod since his bitter misfortune had orushod ths light of life out of him. Tho poor wife held her husband's hand in her own, and felt it trembling with unaoeustomed warmth. " God liless you dear," sho said. " You are a little brighter to-day, aro you not?" "Brighter?" asked Ralph, with seeming as tonishment. " I don't know. I am glad to see you, and it seomB to be so long since I havo seen you. "Why is that?" " You saw ma laBt weok, dear," rejoinod Mrs. Usselby, "and Frank, too, was here a week ago." . A deep sigb, and a.ourioug inquiring look tra velling round that vast chamber answered her. "Ie there anything you want, dear?" con tinued Mrs. Ussolby. "I have brought you some flowers," sho was about to say, "flowers sent up from Devonshire," when she arrested herself on tbe remembrance that all mention of tbo piaoe was forbidden. There were among the blossoms, howovor, a couple of sprays of goldeu-oolored Japanese chrysanthemums, quaintly shaped flowers, with long fringy petals, and of a hue whioh Ralph iu tiie olden timo bad delighted to cultivate. He had introduced them at Usselby, and tbo lady who had Bent them all the way from tho Tamar had obtaiued her planta from outtinga furnished her by Ralph. He scernod to reoognise them, and picking them out of the bunch looked at thorn with a puzzled inquiry. " I know these," he said, " I havo seen theao before." ' Frank, who had noticed and understood his father's turn of mind, came to the rescua to lead his train of thoughts away from the dangerous tbemo. "Are you comfortable, dad ?" ho asked. "Is there anything wo oan do for you?" " Very comfortable, lad," replied Ralph, " Everybody is very kind, evorybody exoept Mr. Michael, and he insists upon playing ohess with me ; and iio is really a very bad player, and claims moves which he never made at all. Strango that, in a olergyman of tha Church, isn't it ? " Mrs. Usselby was sitting with her hands hold ing thoso of her husband, and looking into his oyes witli a wifely yearning whioh sent tho t'earB surging into her eyes. So happy to sea him, so grieved to see him in thnt place. " I havo no doubt Mr. Miohael will play better when he knows how," said Frank, endeavoring to humor the beloved patient. "One can't always choose one's partner in play or in life." "Alii" interrupted Ralph, who had beon soannlng the dolicate. flowers all the while, and who from gazing at them had come to staring at them. "But these — I know these. They were uot grown" here. Nobody grows flowers liko tlieso here. They aro my flowers ! I grow . them myself at. UsHelby !— at the Grange !" lie looked around tho room, nnd aeemed to -ebudder in a horrified comprehension. "They don't grow ancli flowers here," ho repeated. "And," he added after a pause, as if a pew and unwelcome knowledge sprang upon him on a sudden, "where am I? Wby am I hero? What place is this ?" "You Had better leavo him to ua now," said the medical superintendent, who was standing closo by, " Say gobd bye as briefly as you can, and leave him to us. His memory is coming back, and every moment is fraught with dan ger. Chapter XIX. An early winter had burst upon the country by the Tamar. November had barely numbered its firet days when a storm, such as had not been known within the memory of man, crnahod over the land, leaving a trail of destruction and desolation in its path. Unroofod houses by tho dozen, uprooted trees by the hundred, fields and meadows swamped by a delugo, minos Hooded every whore, throughout thoso parto people told one another the same tale of loss and misery. Shortly after that the air becsmn bleaker and the wind more biting, and snow fell at a period when it had never beon known to whiten tiio hills in warm and nosy Devon. Thero it lay for days, and the onuntry folk looked at ono another in awe at the unacoustomed dreadful visitation. At the Groat Griffin Mino the big buildings, tha long sheds, the offices, the dressing floors, were empty. No smoke ourled from the chim- noys, along the rows of cottages which had been built upon the estate for tho miners and their families, pale, anxious faoes and knitted brows could be seon at tho doorways. Thoso homes wore desolato. Tho breafiwinnero, often father, mother, sons and daughters — whole families — every member of which in the good times had earned a mite towards tho general keep, wero standing about with idle hands and hungry stomachs. Men, women, hoys and lasses lolled about in knots, whispering to ono another abont tbe dreadful fate wbioh had befallen tbe neighbor hood. " There's a curse on tho land," thoy all said to ono another, "sinoo thoy drove tho Squire and his family out of it." And in thoir superstitious ignoranoe they pointed to one man ns the causa of thoir mis fortune. They bad been so happy before Mark camo into tho oounty. Contented homes everywhere— plenty of work— plenty of food- plenty of everything. And now they wore hungry, nnd their wives and babes wero hungry — and hungry men are bad rcaaonert. Mark would havo been stoned and torn limb from limb had he dared to show himself amqng them. At tha Rosemary, the work of sinking the .new shafts had been stopped owing to the in- elemency of the weather, and tho two sooro or so of men who had boen employed temporarily were discharged. The roads had beoomo impracticable for heavy traffic, and tho machinery wjiich Hun- coat had imported from Tyuosida lay on the bank of the Tamar in the snow and the mud. At tho Grange, as everywhere else, the pre mature winter had wreaked its havoc. Unat tended and insufiioiently oared for aa the plaoo was, it preaonted a picture of decay auoh aa tha previous owners would barely have dreamed pf as possible. , But threo or four rooms were inhabited in that great house. The rest wore silent and empty, liko a mortuary of departed fortunes. Nellie kept herself busy in making tha plaoo ns comfortable as slio could for hor father, and Huncoat had so far relented ns to supply Mark with sums pf money muoh beyond his actual requirements. Of courso Hqnooat was wi?o enough in his generation to understand that even a man liko Mark would not allow Mm to play tha tyrant ad infinitum. Storms and dead mines told haavily against the balance aheet, but there were the rents of tho farms, of tho houses, of the cottages, and Mark knew enough of business to ba able to order Hunooat no longer to pay these into tbe account at the bank at Tavistook, whioh was closed to him by command of tho court, but to keep them in the big safe at the mina offioe whore the cash could be used for immediate . purposes. Huncoat, on his part, had ohangedhla tactics from tho moment when ha had discovered in Nellie a now and novel attraotion. He had re- linquiabod his dictatorial manner, and played tbo part of tha sympathetic andeondoling friand to admiration. I believed that I would be able to hand over a fortune to you, Mr. Usselby," he said, "and it grieves mo to find that after all it is a mere pittance. But there— wo will get over these bad times." Mark vowed that tho times ware bad indeed. Ho had drawn between fifty and sixty pounds a week from Huncoat of late, and with tho excep tion of nn odd five pounds here and thoro, whioh he grudgingly handed to Nellie, every penny of it had gone into the insatiable coffsrs of ona or other of the London outaida brokers. "Ah, if I were only in London," he would say to himself, " If I wore only able to watoh tho market from tho tape, I'd make a fortune. But I'm tied down here, ourse tho place. I wish I'd never come baok to it, nor evor beard of it again." Hunooat listened to Mark's explanations of Stock Exchange figures and facta with a sur prising pationca and a grim enjoyment. Ho havo Mark in Devonshire or to sand him baok to London, and ho pretended quite to understand the mysterious working of tho system by which Mark hoped to transform a ten pound note into a million in the space of a few months. Thero was tha little "if" which invariably camo in at the wrong time and prevented ths sudden advent of wealth. Mark always wae just a quarter of an hour too late to take advantage of ths turn of tha market. At least so tha stook and share dealers assured him — and, of course, stock and share dealers always speak the trutb. When Mark wao atill in London, Nollio had seldom been allowed to sit with him, even on Sunday evenings. His papers were always spread out all over the room, and sho now and then moved and disturbed thorn, and be hated having hie papers touobed by anybody or any thing. But when the evenings became darker and longer he felt lonely in his great room, and an uncomfortable feeling of uncanny vicinity settled itself about him. He was a nervous man, and terribly afraid of ghosts. Therefore, one evening when Nellie Hfcd placed his whisky and water on the table and was about to leave the room, he addressed her as gruffly as usual. " And where are you going to now, please "f "Baok to the housekeeper's room, father, tha girl answered. "That's just liko you," he retorted. "You don't care .how lonely I am, and how miser« able." Nellie turned. "Why, what do you wish me to do?" sha asked in surprise. He straightened himself up in his ohair with an air of outraged dignity. " If you had any appreciation of what are tha duties of a daughter," be said, " yon would alt here with mo instead of idling elsewhere." "I am never idle, father dear," remonstrated Nellie, " and," she added with a slight break in her voice, " I shall be very glad to eit here with yon. I did not know that I might do so." ' "You know it now," he answered. And tha girl, doubting whether to feel glad or sorry, went out aud brought her sowing, and sat down at tbe furthest end of the table — happy to bo for ever so abort a time so near her liero — her father. "He is vary harsh sometimos," sho said to horself, "and very unjust, but thou he does not meau to bo unkind ; I'm sure ho doesn't," Huncoat, since his first introduction to Nellie, and his walk with her to tha Grange, had re- sorted to many devices to speak to tho girl again. In his cold, calculating fashion ho imagined himself struck with Nellie's frosb, captivating, ingonuous manner, admitting at the samo time that the girl's possibilities of succession to a fortuno were well worthy of consideration. Nellie, however, barely ovor loft the house keeper's room, and when she went abroad it wag only on tho most formal errards of necessity. Onoo or twioo Hunooat had met hor on tha road, and bad doffed bis hat in his politest manner, but had failed to eogago hor iu couvsr. sat ion. Nellio had seon a good deal of tho world and tho world's ways at tbo theatre whero sho worked. She had not mingled with tha crowd of vapid Flutusez who infest every stage door. From early morning till lata at night she wag mostly cooped up in that long wardrobo rooni up six flights of stairs, where ths gas Dared on an average 16 hours a day. She had aeon the young dudes— and the old ones, too, for that — iu their intrusions upon the women of the theatre, and she had taken to herself a hoarty contempt for tho class. Even she had had hor persecutors. But,' then, they meroly made her laugh whan thoy did not mako her augry. The only communication any of thorn had obtained from hor was a sound slap ia tho faco sho administored to ono of the litter who bo far forgot himself ag to follow her to htr home. She bad mot other men at the theatre, of oourse, hard workers, from tho stage manager to tho struggling aotor. But theao had raoatly passed her by with their eyes directed upon more gaudy prey, and Bbe had watched them with a fooling of curious pity and amusement, naoordiug to thoir deserts. Not ono of those had seemed to be a man to hor — suoh a man as, for instanoe, her father was, a man whom ahe could respeot and love, von ho were harsh to hor. Sho had ofton deliberated within herself whether or nay tha man would ever come to her —as he came to othera of hor sox— whoso pre- senog would bo a pleasure — in whoso eyes sho could read the message of woman's mission on earth. In tho fow spare moments sho had on Sun days, sho had read about suob men, but she bad never sssn one of them. When sho first saw Hunooat, to all appearanoo a gentleman, straight-built and good- looking in his way, and so kindly in his Bpoeoh and so warm in his manner to her, hor little heart went out to him. She was too proud to admit that sho required Huncoat's proteotion against her father, and in good sooth she would havo refused it. But when the mining agent onmo of an evening, and seemed' to go out of his way to ba attentive to her, she pictured to herself a knight of old attending upon his lady, and vowed that ha could not have been more oourteouB than Hun- ' coat was to her. To Huncoat this period of storm and general vioiasitudo w»b one of personal delight. Grace was actually polite to him, and had eyen condescended to address him, and on ono occasion, wlion he met hor at the post office at Tavistock, had bowed to him and asked him news of the Grange and about Mark and Nellie. That was liappiuesg enough to him, but he ' found himself in the seventh heaven when, seemingly unoonseious of what she did, Grape strolled out of the Post Offiae with him. He did not know whether he was walking on air, or flying, as ho moved by her side. One question led to another — and he thought himself so olsver that morning. The ipoipentary advantage was onp to be made muoh of, and he wae at his best. Indeed he seemed so hearty in his expressions of sym pathy fpr Mrs. Usselby and Frank that ho might have deceived any girl who knew less about him than Grace did. Mrs. Pendra, Graoe's aunt, lived on the out skirts of tbo littlo town over whioh tho Duke of Bedfprd lords |t so cavalierly, and Hunpoat and Gracq lied arrivpd at the door of tho littlo villa boforo Grace soemod to bo aware that slio was walking in Huncoat's company. ( 2'o be continued. > 