IX SESSION. "There's so much bother about Shea's Greek that I feel Inclined to stop the whole work," snbl .Mr. l.yae, dl:;,-;us1cdly, when Mr. Kelly importuned him last- evening to stop favoritism in 1 lie: allotment of employ ment 011 that work. There were Just a few lien .-i/titatiuc; this business, lie milled, and as he couldn't liud employment or every one, he thouftht seriously of repudiating the position of general butt. Sir George Iiilihs having made a statement about the private lunatic asylum question, and as sured .Mr. Rose that the Government's pro mise io give a night, for a NuLional Hank discussion would be fulfilled, Mr. bidden moved the adjournment, to discuss "the ac tion of the police In rendering assistance to the free labor bureau in forwarding men to the .Newcastle district." Assuming villi singularly accurate pre science that lie would be accused of doing an electioneering dodge, Mr. Eddeu at the same time fell, hound to denounce the au thorities frir giving the free labor bureau police assistance to send men lo work at. the Co-operative Colliery, where they are reducing Clio pay from lis -d a ton to Cs Sd; unsuitable men. "tinkers and tailors, and soldiers and sailors." Moreover, lie pro tested that the Government bureau was be ing run In play Into l.lie bands of this one. The Newcastle members rallied to the sup port. or Mr. hidden, one or two labor mem bers extemporised gracefully in the same bo hoof, find the indomitable Mr. Ilaynes made a cheerful suggestion that in this, 11s hi other matters affecting the police, the Premier exhibited want of judgment. The Government preserved an attitude of dig- nillod silence. The Crown bands Declaratory Bill, the object of which is to remove an existing legis.lative blunder that deprives a lessee of the right, or appeal, occasioned 11 fascin ating discussion by Mr. Gonnly, Mr. Haves, and other members more or less soaking in land lore. When it had got through committee the wits of the Opposi tion had fun with Mr. tSlatlery, who be sought the Committee of the WI10I0 to de clare if expedient, that a hill be brought in to Include the camel and dromedary among poundable beasts. Mr. Garrard solicited information as to the locus standi of the mule iu relation to impounding.1;, and Mr. Ilaynes wanted lo know whether this was a bill for raising dromedaries or destroying them — a bill initiated at the instance of tile whole' colony or only made to rid a dry and arid western patch of one of its. grievances. Mr. Slnltory smiled affably at these jovial ratiocina tions, and gol authority for his hill. Tho Disorderly Conduct Suppression Hill, which remains embedded in primary bogs, as though the Assembly felt too bashful to discountenance in others what it can not suppress iu itself, confronted the Go vernment, like a ghost from the rich ne cropolis of past promises. It was moved on, after Mr. Garrard had protested that the Assembly, by its fear to grapple with tho question, was really offering a pre mium to larrlkinism. "The marvellous combination of the Premier going to Tain- worth, and tho introduction of this bill" moved Mr. Koid to playfully heckle Sir George bibbs when 1 be Tain worth Water Supply Bill was I11 committee, while Mr. Ilaynes asked, with a line show of seri ousness whether Uu: scheme would give Tamworth pure wafer, 01- drain a few Chinese gardens. "if it drains China men's gardens," said Mr. ilaynes, "I can understand the Premier's interest in II." The bill got. up lo it:; third reading, and Sir George bibbs succeeded in persuading Opposition obdurnies to let the last stage come 011 later in the evening. Rolling t ho betterment barrel uphill is a killing contract, as Mr. byne finds, no doubt. The bill is 110 sooner shown thau a dozen bauds are at its throat, or a bun dled vexatious little obstacles are put oil the track- with an earnest view lo wreck ing it. O11 its re-appcavr.uce in commit ten last night Mr. Hutchison, of GI011 limes, who Is one of its enemies, s'abhe-d at the first clause with an amendment applying tho principle of betterment, to works al ready carried out. A point of order being immediately taken that an amendment to make the bill retrospective was beyond the scope of the clause and the order of leave, there was a dreary exhibition of verbosity of the imkatlon-lawyer sort, which ended in the amendment, being ruthlessly ruled irrelevant by tho Chairman of Committees nnd the Speaker. When Mr. Young moved an amendment providing that the princi ple Of betterment should only be applied 011 the authority of Parliament. — instead of by the Minister — ami Air. Dyne accepted that alteration, .Mr. Ilaynes reared a point of order up in front of it, holding that tho proposal was out of harmony with the rest of the bill. Air. Melville blushed hint aside, and the amendment — which was described by Air. lteid as drawing the worst tooth of tho bill— was grafted 011. Then Mr. Ilaynes bobbed up with a pro posal that every improvement area de clared should include the County of Cum berland, in other words, that the metropo lis should always hear a share of the bet terment levy. Out of this carao more points of order and frothy chatter, culmina ting after a timo hi a brisk brush between Mr. Ilaynes and Mr. Traill, who denounced caeli other, and called one another time- servers in the liveliest style. -Mr. Cotton chimed ill for the purpose of upsetting Mr. Traill and the bill at one stroke, but was smartly countered by the former, who said that tho member for Newtown represented the "wooden demand for all or nothing," the "insensate cry" which had stood In tho wuy of many reforms. Mr. Ilaynes having been wiped out oa division, Air. Hutchin son moved another amendment, providing that the Act should not apply to railways or tramways constructed outside tho Coun ty of Cumberland. For more than an hour tho IIouso had been anxious to adjourn, and Mr. Lyno, seeing no opportunity of getting ahead, found that this was a proposal which required grave consideration, and moved that progress be reported. This was done, and leave obtained to sit again on Wednesday. The third reading of the Tam worth Water Supply Bill finished up tho sitting. "Haynes," said Mr. Kelly, "you have had a circus to-night." The Legislative Council commenced busi ness yesterday with tho further considera tion of tho Electoral Act Amendment Bill. Tho vital part of tho bill was clause 2, which provided that elcCTors who had re moved from one electorate to another since tho electors rights were issued should bo placed or. a "roll of transferred electors" after they had lived three months in tho second electorate. Some members declared that tho clause would open the door to roll-stuffing, and it xvas rejected on divi sion by two to one. In view of that result Dr. MacLaurin moved that progress bo re ported, which was dono. Tho second read ing of the Labor Settlements Act Amend ment Bill was next proceedod with, and little was said in favor of labor settle ments. Several bon. members declared that tliey would allow tho bill to pass only for tho sake of tho people who wore strug gling upon the settlements, and whom it was sought to succor. The bill was road a second timo and its four clauses passed through committee. Tho House next wout into committee on tho Alining on Private Lands Bill (No. 2) and managed to get through five clauses. Tho fourteenth, deal ing with compensation, was tho subject of much discussion and considerable amend ment. Tho House rose at two minutes to cloven nnd adjourned till Tuesday next. 