A SLAVE OF THE RING t OR THE PARSON'S: DAUGHTER t (Chapter 2. Final) w "Lor' bless you, Tommy," broke in the L good-natured equestrienne, "you don't- think t I'd be so mean as to go and queer an old of pal's pitch ; you've nothing to fear from me; se don't-be afraid, there's nobody coming"- la for the curate was looking distractedly tl round. "Well, I'pt mighty glad to have sc seen you again, even in this get-up. but 1 y won't stop and talk to you any longer, or at one of your flock might come round the ft corner, and then-0 my ! wouldn't there E boe a rumpus? Ha, ha, ha ?" t She laughed loudly, and the clergyman looked round-again in an agony. b " Now, Tommy, good-bye to you, and s good luck. But look here, before you go, d just for the sake of the old times, when you T were'little Sandy,' and I used to do the h bare-backed husiness, you'll give us a kiss, won't you, old man ?"! b And before, the unhappy curate could 8 prevent her, Masdamp Bcnotti had flung her muscular arms round his neck, and imprinted two sounding kisses on his cheeks.' At that fatal moment, a female figure came round the bend of the road, and to his indescribable horror, the curate recognised the dread form of the Vicar's daughter. She had seen all-of that there could he no doubt, but she came on, passed them, and continued on her way to Grubley without the smallest sign of recognition. ' • " My goodness, Tommy, I 'hope that old cat wasn't one of your flock,"' remark .d Madame Beoiotti, with real concern, as soon as she had passe.L. "You look as scared as i if you had,, seen a ghost; I hope I haven't-- '' But the durate' waited to hear no more. .With a hurried " Good-bye" he tore himself away, and.spade his way back to his apart ments in a btate bordering on'desperation. • Locking himself in,.he paced the room for some time. groaning aloud in a perfect frenzy Sof misery and aprelhenuoion. ien hlie flung himself into his lhair, buried his face in his hands, and tried to think what was best to be done. After painful and intense thought, he decided that there was nothing for it but Ito tell Miss'Cope the .whole story, and ap peal to her honor to keep it to herself. But how if she chose to revenge herself upon him 1 by refusing to believe the story, or by declining-to keep it secret? He could not t conceal from himself that either of these results was more than possible. In that case, there remained only one resource; and it was of so terrible a nature that the curate positively shuddered at its contemplation. But it might even come to that; and better even t/haf, he told himself, than the exposure the ridicule, and the professional ruin that must otherwise befall him. Hour after hour passed, and he was still . nerving himself for the coming interview, when a tap came at the door, and a note, left by hand, was brought in to him. He glanced at the address, and tore open the 9 envelope with trembling hand. It contained a these few words, without, any sort of Ipre. liminary : "I tlink it right to give you warning that I shall take the earliest opportunity of is making known your disgraceful conduct g witnessed by me in the public streets this t morning. . " CAROLINE COPE." The Rev. Thomas Todd placed the letter in his pocket with an air of desperate resolve and started forth for the Vicarage without a, another moments delay. It was now or I1 never-if he hesitated, even for an hour, he might be irretrievably lost. The first answer brought to him by the e servant who opened the Vicarage door was I- not encouraging. " Miss Cope was engaged ,e and could not see Mr Todd." But the -e curate dared not allow himself to be put off so easily. '" Tell Miss Cope I must see her 10 on business of the most serious importance," o he sail .and the message was duly carried x to the Vicar's daughter. That lady, after a h moment's hesitation, felt herself unable any longer to iesist enjoying a foretaste of her n coming.triumph, and ordered Mr Todd to i- be admitted. The.interview that followed confirmed the curate's worst fears. He told Miss Cope the whole Atory,'and she flatly refused to believe a word of it. He begged her to go herself to the.:circus. proprietor and his wife for proofof its truth, and she simply laughed in his face. 'He appealed to her honor to keep a-. the story secret, and she coldly reminded t, him of the duty that devolved upon her in her father's absence, of pro?tcting the morals of hi congregation. Thed.at last, beaten and baffled at all t points, the unhappy curate played his final I card.: He offered the Vicar's daughter the best possible evidence of his sincerity by asking her-to become his wife. The effect was magical. It was the first chance of a d husband that had ever come to Caroline in e thirty-nine years of life, and she had an in ward conviction that it would be the last. The secret she had just learnt was known to e no one in the parish but herself, and so, 3- after:a'brief pretence of further parley to d save appearances, she jumped at the offer, and the curate left the Vicarage an engaged ma.: His last desperate throw had sic ceeded. 'He had saved his position and his .e reputation ; but at what a cost he dared not e even think. Wo ithin the next day or two, it became evident to all whom he meet that there was a something very seriously wrong with the , Rev. Thomas Todd. His manner became first morose and 'abstracted, and then wild t and eccentric. He was seen very little in the town, and when he did appear, his ., haggard face, his strange, absent air, is and the unmistakable evidences of the pro found depression that possessed him, were, the objects of general remark. Some of the more charitable expressed a confident opinion m that the curate had committed a crime; " others decided, with more penetration, that d he was going mad. From Miss Cope he kept carefully aloof. It had been arranged at that fatal.interview that their engagement should be kept secret until the return of the Vicar, whose sanction must be obtained be fore the affair could be made public. Miss SCope was aware that the curate had two sermosis to prepare in addition to his parish a duties-forho would have to preach twice r on Sunday owing to her father's absence; so she did not allow his non- appearance at the Vicarage on Friday or Saturday to St she uold have seen the way in which h the preparation of 'those sermons was pro Sceeding,.she might have found more cause for anxiety. Shut up in his room withsome a sheets of blank plper before him, the curate sat for hdirastogether, staring vacantly at o the wall before him, and occasionally giving r vent to:a.oad, strange laugh. The evening of Saturday passsi into night, and still he sat on,lo6king before him into the darkness Swith the siame, vacimant 'stare, and uttering n from time to. time the same wild hoarse Schuckle. The light of Sunday morning, streamning into the roomn, fell upon a weird, dishevelled f figure, that still stared fixedly at .the wall a1 ahd every now 'and then mnttered strange and wholly unclerioal words and phrases. Still the hours wore on, until the sun rose r high in tho:.heavees, and the bells began to a ring for chrirch. Then came a knock at the curate'sdoor. His landlady surprised by Shis neglectof the breakfast hour, had been positively alarmed when he showed no sign of heeding the approace of church time. SThe knook was re?peated ; and then the ; clergyman sprang to nis feet and unlocked I the door. "Walt Wmoment," he cried, with a wild laugh.. "N q come in !" ThehandladYkat her head in at the door, and utterea shrik ud horror and amaze ment.. heT Rev. Thoma Todd was stand ing on his head in the middle of the hearth. u "God bless us and save us -Wepoor gentleman's gone clean out of his witt !". The ourate's only reply was a shilli whoop, followed by an agile leap into an I upri?ht powsition, and a wild grab at the I t arfied lady," whose thirteen stone of solid I matronhood he whirled round his head and I tossed across the room as if it had been a ( feather weight. Then, hatless and un kempt, he tore down stairs into the street, and started at a furious pace in the direction of S. Athanasius. It wanted three minutes to eleven, and the last stroke of the clanky church bell had just died away in a series of unmnsical vibrations. The townspeople, in all the added importance of Sunday clothes, gathered in an ever-thickening knot about thegates, greeting one another before they padonintothe church. At that moment there floated towards them on the breeze a sudden, sharp shout that rooted them to f the spot in positive consternation. "on U Ial Houp-lal Hey I Hey !!l Hey I ! I' And in another instant the un fortunate curate,. tearing down the road, hid flung himself among them and scattered them right and left by a series of vigorous and le dly-executed somersaults. With a we- ireeteed leap, and a wild cry of j "Here weate again !" he vaulted lightly over-the chuch gate, and began to run up the path towards the door, until; at lt; the horrified onlookers awoke to the realities of the situation and halfa- dozen Isturdy town seu rsshw4 upon d u l4 d a the unhappy mian. Then a woman's piercing scream=was heard, and the Vicar's daughter, who had juist arrived on the scene, fell fainting to the ground. There was no service at S. Athanasius that morning, and the Rev. Thomas Todd was later on conveyed, still shouting frag ments of circus dialogue, to the County Lunatic Asylum. The curate's mini had temporarily given way beneath the strain of the position in which he had found him self placed, and of the horrible future that lay before him, and his insanity had taken the form of an imaginary return to the scenes of his early life. When, some two years later, he was discharged cured, he attached himself to a mission about to start for the South African coast, and 'left England without re-visiting Great Wabble.. ton. Long afterwards, Miss Caroline Cope, in a; burst of confidence, one day related to her special friend, Miss Lavinia Murby, the doctor's daughter, how the Rev. Thomas Todd had proposed to her a few days before his melancholy seizure. " Ah, my dear, you see he couldn't have - been right, even then," was that lady's-.;. sympathetic comment. 