]goxal & tocral ftosi. ponticnt sayt- : — The best home-made prepara tion for pa int in f* a galvanised roof consists of ihe following ingredients: 100 1b. lime, 501b. salt, 25 ll-. alu.n, and water. This will stand well, and retlnce the temperature very considerably, whil-- it will do do bam: to the water collected from the roof. By the steamer Enrimbla, which arrived at the wharf yesterday afternoon, there arrived forty merino stud rr.ms, consigned to the New Zealand Loan and Agency Company, and dripped by the Sydney branch of the company from bydney. The rams are from Cady Station, on the Murrambidgee, near Ha\, and were breed by Messrs. Mills ami Co.', the uK-aer* of the station. Twenty of the ranis will c' to Ieis Downs, and twenty to Portland Downs. Messrs. Burns and Twigjr, engiueers, have just finished two multi tubular boilers for Lake's Creek Work--. The boilers are Hi ft. long by 5 ft. 10 in. iu diameter, and «re built and rivetted entiielv of steel, the plates being ^in. thick. 'Each boiler is of fifty horse-power. They were ttated on Monday by Mr. Fraser, engineer of the Lakes Creek Company, up to a pressure of 240 ih. to the square inch —the contract test — and they stood the ordeal thoroughly, Mr. Fraser pro nouncing them excellent alike in material and It will be seen from oor Mount Morgan correspondent's letter that the dispute between the Mount Morgan Turf Clob and the carriers has been settled by the club accepting the first recommendation made to them by Mr. R. A. Ranking, Gold \\\ arden. The direct road from the town, to the timber reserve which the carriers draw from lies across the racecourse, and this has been used for many years. The duh, how ever, w isU to shot it op in order the-t they may protect their running track, and also be in a better position to charge for entrance to tlie course. Accordingly they aaked that a new road be made. Mr. Rank i up, on visiting the ground in com pany with Mr. foist wood, representing the poinred out tbat if the rnad across the course was to be abandoned there were only two alter natives open — either to Lake the ro*d round the one end «»f the course by the Dee Hiver, or round the other end by Horee Creek. The latter was the better routt, and he suggested that it be adopted. But it was answered on behalf of the club that if this were done the road would be taken through a piece of land which the club had leased to a Chinaman for a garden, and also that which would therefore have to be reduced in circumference. The club in these circum stances refused to accept this route. Mr. Ranking then offered to recommend the other of inAiug a miA that way. This route is not have 'entailed an expense of £50.' Mr. East vrood reFused to contribute anything, and Mr. Ranking pointed ont that if this alterna tive were also objected to by the club he would l« forced to recommend the road across Eupp-J3ed for a moment that the club could be liviug. Mr. Kastwnod was obdurate aud Mr. Ranking accordingly recommended the road and tr-ey appealed to Mr. C^llan to have the matter re-openrd. Mr. Callan need his best endeavours with the Minister, who agreed Mr. Warren was asked to examine' the ground. This hv. did on Thu;»dmy in com pany with Mr. Eastwood and representatives I of the carriers. Mr. Warren bhw at once thet i if the track across the course v. ah not to be ' used the club would have to consent to the J roaol being taken rouud cither une end or ' other of iho course. HtJ pointed out to Air. Eastwood that if the club wished to prevent ti:e rod'l froni pai^raj,' through the ux-d be advised tha.t it be tdkfcu rouDtl a& Mr Banking had Buggested, that is through the , Chinaman's garden. Finding there was no ' escape, Mr. Eastwood conseuteil, and | tlic roa-l -rill accordingly pass ^o'^' the parden and so round the coarse ThiB will cut offapvtof the running track, making it atCpre8ent. If the club had consented to this at 6rst a (Treat deal of trouble and contro versy would have been saved. The Mount Morgan Municipal Council have nou- resolved to protest against any but the direct track being used, and il 'ill probahly be some little time before the best and dissatisfaction aroused by this unwise obstinacy to a manifest justice iriU die away. The follovrinn table of rainfall for the quarter ended the 30:b of June at some ot the principal townships in the Central Division was posted at the Telegraph Office yesterday : — 7\. | T,~ TTotal for SbuiaM- AptiL Ma}. June. | qoaji^r. Rocktampton.. -07« ' i'isS sTlO 1045! Itrealdine .-1 3-OW . 1-060 «1-(P 10»» EmerJd.. .. Sum 1-TTtp 3-010 SW CIcniiont 3-940 2*v«» 3*1^0 9-320 Loncrach '. i'17(J ;-S.-Q 1 fCTO 1 I-'' At a public mee'ing held in Ipswich the other day the following resolution!! were unanimously acreed to, and an influential committee appointed to carry them out: — ' That in view of the high character and valuahle services of the lute John Macfarlane, M.L.A., this meeting is of opinion that a fund should he raised, to be called the ' Mac f.irlane Memorial Fond,' in order to obtain a fitting record of the same.'—' That the fond so raised lie spent in erecting a drinking fountain, bearinr a suitable inscription, in some site to be chosen in the Queen's Hark or elsewhere, as the committee may decide.' The traffic earnings of the Central Rail way for last month show an increase of £G£! 17'. aa compared with the earnings of the previous corresponding period. This is the lirit month that has exhibited a surplus over its preceding period since September la-it. Appended aro the returns, with a com pirisrm iritli those of June, 1893 :— , ln-»%a-r or Heading's. 1S03. I ISM. | decrease. I- a. .Li £ s. d. H s.d. PafflienCT*1. tc- 1779 15 71 17iS a i De. 51 « 5 Goods and li\c i swet .. 9330 13 3. P3Gs' lfi (tlii-63 S 9 Totals ...ll.'-WIS C!II.9CT If. f.In.lig '7 0 A drowning fatality occurred at the farm of Mr. R. Pearce, Serpentine L^poon, on Wednesday eveninp. A strancer in the die was enzaged about a week ago by Mr. Pearce as a farm hand. He liad l-ceo a sailor ; bat he showed moiuc aptitude for the new work. Mr. Pearce had agreed to give him a week's trial, and the week was up on Wednesday had to cross th« lagoon. Mr. Pearce's son went over tirst, and the stranger followed. Being new to riding, be polled the horse that he was riding instead of allowing it to«wim as it would have done if left alone. The result was that both horse and rider went nnder, aud t he latter was drowned. Jpropot of the attack made on a party contemporary says:— 'On Wednesday night a Urge crowd of men attended at the Odd fellows' Bull, where some American anc tioneens started a sale of various goods, and a, serioua disturbance occurred. There are twenty different reports as to how the row started, bat it is believed that the first pro vocation was given by the disorderly local tion that the sale should be stopped, and stopped it was, Uie police having to clear the li.ill. It is &aid; that some of the American auctioneer* used knuckledusters and cork tcrens during: the affray, and feeling was so high with the rnnb that the police had to protect the hotel fr- whtcli some of the com pany retreated. The auctioneers decided to leave Roma at once, but they were not per mitted to do so without a. cowardly attack beine; ma.de apon them. As the company, which includes several ladies, was being driven to tbe railway elation last night, two stones were thrown in tii'e dark, one hitting a woman and the other the agent of Uie company on the face. Immediately a revolver shot was fired from the baggy, and this fartber excited the crowd, who on arriv ing ar the platform insisted on one of the company being searched, which was done by the police in the refreshment-room, and a re volver was discovered fully loaded in fonr chamber*. Tbe police had some difficnlty in getting this member of the company to the excitement of a number of thf- crowd, some of whom were positively ferocious. This morn ini* at the Police Court the man arrested, who gave the nu rue of Thomas DuggdJi, was charged with discharging firearms in the municipality, and was remanded till to morrow, bail in £5 being allowed. A report which had been circulated that the auctioneers carried professional 'chuckers out ' stimu lated the rowdy element to mischief, but it is independent local opinion that the first pro vocation was not given by the strangers. ' The Britlta hc Courier ol Saturday given the following additional information regarding the doings of the auctioneers : — 'The auctioneers and free entertainers whose advent to Roma has caused to much trouble there are, apparently, the Hinne who have recently visited a number of town? in southern Queensland. At Stan thorpe, according to the local journal, the condnst of the visitors -wus men that it would have Iieen decidedly unsafe for them to return. At Dalby, according to a letter re cuiveil yesterday from h correspondent, tbe company promised a teries, of three perform ences, wiih beuetite for charities, fcc; but they departed on the morning after the nrst, not without being well-nigh mobbed on tbe I railway platform by petsoue who demanded I the return of money they hnd been induced to hand over to their viritora. Onr correspondent nyi: 'Dftlby ia now foil of tin watches. bojrns chaiDs, paper purses, and other articles too numerous to partienjarwe, which are associated in many minds with fadneas and The fatality which has followed the Bank of New Zealand, eays the Sydney Bulletin, n another warnioR to that dymg father who leaves h» famUy » amall fortane inTestert in bank shares, and then passes away with a blissful conscience that their future te pro vided for. Australia 1b a very new connvty, ret it can probably show already as many dead banks aa it can banks that are yet alive. It will probably sboir a good many more dead banks before the close of the centnry. The viable moral b that every bank, like every human being, dies sooner or later, and the best that can be hoped is that it will go later. Generally, however, it goea sooner. How many unquiet ghosts of dead husbands and fathers must roam aroond the sites of the old Bank of Australia, the three defunct banks of Sonth Australia, the two Mer cantaes, the Federal, the Bank of Van Dieman's Land, tbe Provincial and Suburban, the forgotten Australian and European* the twin Orientals, Ihe Bank of Queensland, the Bank of Sydney and the old-time Bank of Port Phillip. It is less thaa eighty years since the first Australian bank vu founded— and what an awful record I A hastily summoned meeting of members of the Labour put? was held in the Labour Booms, Bolsover-etreet, on Wednesday night, to hear an address by Mr. A^Ogden, M.L.A., who arrived in town that afternoon. Mr. YV. Kidston occupied tbe chair, and briefly in troduced Mr. Ogden. Mr. Ogden spoke for an hour, confining his remarks to the neces sity of tbe men of Central Queensland getting the benefit of the franchise and Separation. He was going to Brisbane to get the franchise, and have One man, one vote made law, and to do liia best to get Separation in Onlral and Northern Queenslana. With the franchise, of course, there would come a lot oJ reform. In Mackay, where be held a meeting ou Mon day night, there were men working for 12b. 6d. a-weck, and when a man got 2ts. a-week they thought he was well off. He bad heard that wages were belter here, bnt they on^ht to be better there In Maciay all the small farmers had taken to employing black labour, and the Kanaka was cvtn going on strike up there. If a farmer stinted one he informed the others, who would refuse to work for him. Much profit was made out of the labour of the m orking man u bo was paid only small wanes, and be did not we why the money should not be possessed by the labour men. To obtain tbiseaj they would Uave to organise l»bonr. He believed ' that Separation would do much good. He did not want Separation to hurt the franchise in the South, and he Aid not think it would. One thing was necessary to farther the ends oE the Labour men, and that was tha-t they should be relieved from tbe Conservative party who were in pownr. It was the labour man's end to get rid of the present Government. People looked apon the Labour party atsthedisordenypeople, but they Mere really orderly people In New South Wiles, New Zealand, and Sonth Australia every man had a vote, and he did not see why the men in Queensland should not have the same privilege He hoped the men here wonld retain a laboar member tbe first chance they got, and he hoped it ms not tar off, and tbat everyone would work for freedom and the franchise. The BrUtone Courier of Friday last Bays t— *' A sore point with the western pastonilifits has been Uie border tax, and various repre sentations have been made on the matter to the Government, including a request for tbe refund of the whole amount paid aa tax. An impression has oh'ained lavour, however, that the squatters have nor suffered by the impost to the extent to which they have represented, and it in believed that if a general reduction to btatious on the New South Wales side of the border has not been made by t he commissioners of the mother colony one to meet, individual cases k' ' This is supposed to explain why, the border tax notwithstanding, wool from Queensland stations is still sent to Sydney vki Bourke instead of to Sydney by way of CharleviUe ' and Brisbane. We understand it hnn been decided that the border tax ebell not be removed, but that to meet, those stations around Hungerford and Wompali on the southern boundary, where it is impossible for the owners to forward their wool eta Bris bane, the actnal loss sustained through the tax shall be refunded. In other words, if the reduction wbicb the New South Wales Commissioners are said lo have made on their railways reduces the border tor from £2 IQa. to say £1 10s., the Government will refund to the owner the £1, which is Uie amonnt the owner may be said to have lost through the impost. This, however, will only be allowed on a sworn declaration being made, and will apply of coarse within certain boundaries to be fixed. Whether it will apply to wool that has been sent or is only intended in respect of future loading is not known.' In its issue of Saturday the Courier remarks:— 'The amount of the border tax on wool collected last year was £7445 10s. 6d-, the stations that contributed being as follow - Hebel, £913 4s. 10d.; Hnngerford, £1067 3s.; Mnngindi, £2729 7s. 5d.; Texas, £2 10- : Wallannm, £13 9s. lid.; Wompah, £713 17s.; Woorooroora, £2005 18s. 3d. With reference lo the paragraph ia yester day's isEue it should be stated that the Government has not as yet deeded to refund the actual loss sustained on account of tbe tax to the owners of far removed stations from which it is impossible to forward their wool rin Brisbane. Applications for refund have been made, and inquiries regarding the matter are being made, some doubt existing in the mind of the Colonial Treasurer as to whether any loss has been unstained through the imposition of the tax.' 