EPITOME 0 F NEWS. A digger named Gardner, at Mount King ston, has forwarded to the South Austra lian Government Geologist a diamond "weighing a little over one/carat, which, he says, he found panning for gold. It is a perfect crystal, with curved faces, and is slightly tinged with yellow. Mr. Thomas Anderson, of Bismarck, Tas mania, was on Tuesday afternoon- last thrown from his horse in front of a tram car in Hobart. The car passed over hia body, and he died on the way to the hos pital. There is an agitation on foot for a rail way from Coonamble to Dubbo, as being the shortest and cheapest of construction, and one that was recommended many years ago by Government engineers. On Monday the 8th inst. Porter Wilkin, who was engaged in some shunting opera tions at Walcha-road railway station, was j knocked down and run over by a line of trucks. The wheels went over his legs, and he was very badly injured. Wilkin i was conveyed to the Walcha Hospital for ! treatment. j At the Albury Police Court on Monday last two Chinese, Chuch Hon and Slier Kin, convicted of illegally entering the co- | lony from Victoria, were each fined .£150; j in default two years' imprisonment. Evi- j dence was given by several Chinese mer- j chants that defendant had been working ■ in this colony within the last two years!'} but the Bench deemed the evidence un-; satisfactory. A girl, found in a Chinese den by Con- ' stable Jeffres, was ordered to be sent to the Industrial School, at Sydney, on Wednes day last. On hearing the sentence, she I burst into a fit of vituperation, levelled at the officer who arrested her. On Wednesday last the carcases of frozen mutton which escaped the ravages of the fire on the steamship Nairnshire on Sun day morning, were submitted to public auc tion by Mr. Hain, for Messrs. Harrison, i | Jones, and Devlin. The first lot, which was started at Is. 6d., sold from Is. Sd. to ' | to Is. 9d.; the remaining 4000 started at | Is., and sold at Is. 4d. to Is. 6d. I The Queensland aboriginal Willie, ah>q ! j Tinambnrsa, extradited by the Victorian ] | Police Force, was presented at the Albury | Police Court, on Wednesday last, on a I charge of being concerned in the murder I of a Polish exile named Sewenyn Murschie- | witz, at Dora Dora, on May 2,1891. Only formal evidence was taken, and accused was remanded for eight days for the pro j duetion of further evidence, j A man, whose name is at present un known, committed suicide on "Wednesday morning last, at Tattersall's Hotel, Crook well, by cutting his throat in a fearful manner. Deceased arrived the previous night and asked for lodging at the hoteL A letter was found on him which went to show deceased had come from Broughton Creek, near Wagga. At the enquiry into the peculiar poison ing case at Glebe, a verdict of wilful mur der against some person or persons un known was returned. The evidence'went ! to show domestic differences and family jars. J The Sydney correspondent of the -Wesfc j ern Advocate writes The will of the i late Mr. Wrench, of the firm of Bichardson and Wrench, property auctioneers, was proved last week. The value of. the estate is ,£7500 or .£8000. Some time ago he made a settlement upon his wife of the auction rooms in Pitt-street. What they were worth in the boom year I do not know, but at present it is doubtful if they would bring JE20.000 in the open market. But that is a nice tidy sum for the widow to possess. It is enough to enable her to live in comfort. One of Mr. Wrench's step daughters—Miss Throckmorton—married Captain Terry, who was one of Lord Car rington s aide-de-camp, < 'Her marriage por tion was not large, and it is clear that she will not have much by the will of her step, father. Solidity—meaning, of course, more than ordinary wealth—has always been as sociated with Bichardson and Wrench, but there are many farmers who are as well off as some of the principals in that company. If the wealth of all the propSHy auctioneers iq*Sydney were placed in\a heap I do not ,'think it would be a very imposing sight. During the last two or three years these gentlemen have had to put out more money than they have taken in; probably they have suffered more from the depression than any other class. A human skull was picked up in an abandoned shallow shaft at Ballarat last I jjgday morning. As the locality is sup-' poseoSAo have been an aboriginal burying j groundjtfoul play is not suspected. J A poonman named Cunningham, resid-; ing at Hamilton, who had been a.iKng for ! a considerable time past;, was admitted to j the Liverpool Asylum some time about November last, and at intervals had com municated with his wife from that institu-! tion. Not having received any letter from him for several weeks, Mrs. Cunningham became anxious, and on New Year's morn ing last proceeded to Sydney, and tbence to the Asylum. The feelings of the poor woman can well be conceived when she was unceremoniously informed that her husband had been dead and buried for nearly three weeks. The utterly cruel and heartless condnct of the asylum authorities in not informing the widow of her hus band's death calls for some investigation. Had tbey been ignorant of the fact of the deceased having a wife and family, there might have been some reason for their con duct in not making his death known, but the fact of the asylum authorities ha vino communicated with his wife in November last requesting to know it she was able to pay for her husband's support while in the asylum, is evidence that they knew that deceased had a wife residing-at Hamilton. The case was brought up at a meeting of the sub-committee of the Hamilton Belief Fund on Friday evening, and was very strongly commented on, and it is more than probable that the body will bring the matter before a higher power. Jones, the late Victorian hangman, kept a book in which he entered the names of the men who had died by his hand, with their weight, the length of drop, and snch other details as were connected wifh the gibbet. The Brisbane " Telegraph says:—On Thursday morning, at about 9 o'clock, a man named Duncan Sinclair, was engaged on the Blackall Bange with his son in felling a tree. The trunk had been cut, and all seemed fair for successful felling, when the branches of the tree struck against another tree, and the trunk was twirled off the stump, and instead of falling close along side, it was thrown a distance of 16ft. away, striking Mr. Sinclair. Mr. Sinclair never , spoke afterwards, hut, died about an hour after the accident. He was 63 years of age. An extraordinary feat of swallowing has been performed by a boa constrictor at the Zoological Gardens, Adelaide. The reptile is most ferocious, and whilst despatching a rabbit at feeding time, it got its fangs caught in a rug 7 feet by 6 feet that was placed in the cage.. Being unable to extri cate its fangs, the monster commenced swallowing the rug, and Mr. Mincliing, director of the gardens, was just in time to see the last of it disappearing. The Premiers of most of the colonies are not sorry that the Yorks have declined the invitation to visit Australia. Sir George Dibbs says:—" That business is settled for the present. I was never much in love with it, bnt the other colonies having joined I did not think it worth while to object. Had I done so, there would have been a cry of want of loyalty. What the colony wants at present is peace and quiet ness, and a rest from fads and faddists. This visit which, however, was at no rime very probable, would have upset things, and put us to a lot of unnecessary ex pense." Early on Wednesday morning the Bev. Canon Simm, of Baymond Terrace, died suddenly, owing to the rnpture of a blood, vessel in his lungs. The news caused pro found regret in Newcastle, where the de ceased gentleman was widely known and highly respected. He was one of the most genial clergymen to be found, and having a strong sense of humour, as well as a most accomplished mind, his speeches in synod if they did cause levity, certainly carried great weight. Last Thursday the residents of William Town and Fullerton Cove gave a farewell tea meeting and an address to Canon Simm, as that part of the parish was in future to be joined to Stockton. In replying the rev. gentleman said that it would be the last time he would ever meet them as their pastor, and now it has turned out to be the last time he saw them in this life. WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at Ho. 211, Main Street, Bridgesport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in Dec. (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leav ing not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the par lour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Eight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and "When Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health,'* writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several succesive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the toot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked fiive years before, as she was leaving home to go on & journey, on which journey she was killed n a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it iwas a summons and I would never get wel£. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak: nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves, why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on yon when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Eoad, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:— "I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. I slept very badly, and in the morn ing felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a sever pain in my ' head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felfc/^% cold and dead. By-and-by I had to helpless in bed. The doctor said he " ^ didn't know what my complaint was. £ took nothing but liquid food, and could 0 not retain even that on my stomach.. By this time I was nothing but skin and. bone. My memory completely failed. My . head ached so dreadfully I thought X. should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day. Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told ine she was herself once just as badly off, and was - cured by Mother Sergei's Curative Syrup. As sh'e seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the rooom, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever.. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." , . „ The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration; The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true .that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by mdigesihm and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the insidO of the persbn who sees them, and' when MotherBeigel's Syrup does its work the eyes andearslEritei tain only what is natural andwholesome. 