iJCnjslish. and Foreign Items The penny-in-the-slot machines, it is declared, were used in Egyptian temples more than 2000 years ago. By placing a picco of money in the slot, the worshippers received some consecrated water through the valve. , Twelve Zulu sorcerers have been sentenced to death for the murder of a supposed witch, who 'was killed by slow poison. The sorcerers, by the practice of black magic, were supposed to have discovered tho person whose witchcraft had brought misfortune upon the Kraal. Two boys, aged eight, fought a duel with pistols at Ghent, in the presence of two other schoolboys, who acted as seconds. One of the combatants wore shot dead. An American professor infected a letter with cholera bacilli, and when it was taken out of the post-bag, twenty-four hours later, the bacilli were still alive. Bacilli were also found living on post-cards twenty hours after infection. A French Duchess, as a memorial of her son, will cause a colossal statue of the Virgin Mary, fifty feet in height, to be erected on one of the loftiest summits of the Rouergue Mountains. The manufacture of silk from wood is said to have become a practical success in France. ?The Dead Sea is to be navigated, and the salt, bitumen, and sulphur, so plentiful in its waters, and on its shores, are to be made use of. Electric launches are now to compete with the gondolas on the lagoons in Venice. A Dundee whaler brings information of the loss of an Arctic exploring party, which was under the leadership of two Swedish scientists. Their vessel was found wrecked, and close by ?were two cairns, one containing a body, and the other several manuscripts. A shell which had been imbedded in the earth since the Crimean War, forty years ago, was recently discovered. On being struck, it ex ploded, killing nine persons who were standing by, several others being injured. .The town of Santander, where the appalling dynamite explosion occurred, is deserted. The Queen of Spain visited the sufferers and gave a very large sum for their relief. The bomb thrown into the pit of a theatre in Barcelona caused over 30 deaths, 100 people being injured. 50 anarchists have been arrested. Only one of four bombs exploded, or hundreds must have perished. Severe weather is reported from the Continent. 27 degrees of frost wore registered at Trieste. For the fourth time influenza threatens to be come epidemic. It is raging in Birmingham, in | the Bourne district, and in Essex. It is said to be associated with a condition of the throat which has a tendency to become diphtheric. Deaths in London from diphtheria numbered 103, the highest rate ever recorded. There is also a serious epidemic of diphtheria in the villages near Braintree. ?? Triplets have been celebrating their coming of age at Whitnash, near Leamington. Medical authorities who have been consulted state that a case of triplets reaching the age of twenty-one is unprecedented. A tradesman lost his life on a Welsh mountain. A man perished in the snow on the Harthorpe Moor. A woman, evicted from a farm near Cork, died from exposure. In the darkness a man drove into some water at Chingford, but escaped, while his wife was drowned. A blind man walked into the river at Broad Oak, ? Kent, and lost his life. ? A youth fell into some boiling paraffin at Battersea and met his death. At Islington a tradesman was killed by a falling ceiling. ? -A.Wl-'wws-kiUocl V-y cw f«.UHv-~g,vto. o.t .PopW, a similar fatality occurring at Bromley. A youth at Bradford had his head blown off while carrying a cast-iron oxygin cylinder, used for a magic lantern. - Two children were burned to death in a room at Birmingham, in the temporary absence of the mother. A widow, aged ninety-four, who resided alone' at Hertford, was found burned to death. . The Midland express was stopped by the com munication cord near Luton. A boy of thirteen who was found alone in the carriage informed the guard that he had been dossing, and was arouaed by the door opening and his mother falling out. The woman was found lying on the line seriously injured. Mother and son v/ere returning to Sheffield from a visit to London. A number of betting men are said to have been drugged and robbed while sleeping at different hotels by a desperate gang of thieveSj,,..' A. gentleman of good family, residin^'near Winchester, was sent-sjioej- -^ P.ea&iifg;''to nine months' imprisonment for horse stealing. The son of a, Country rector has been sent to ... Pena» sqryitivTtle in London for five years for a l°nS-SSries of hoartless and abominable frauds up^n, ladies. 37our boy burglars, who stole £600 from a f^ridon warehouse, were sentenced' to terms of .'-??-'imprisonment ranging from five years to eight months. A churchwarden, at Dalston, is charged with forging cheques, with intent to defraud the vicar and churchwardens. At Burnley, a father and son, farmers, are alleged to have murdered a gamekeeper because he shot their sheep-dog. Two soldiers are charged with causing the death of a third bv throwing him from a railway carriage of the Euston express when nearing Roade. The Queen's Munshi, who has just returned to England after spending five months in India, Truth says, is taking a remarkably prominent place in' Court, and his elevation is causing most . acrimonious criticism. The firing continues day and night, and there is an immense waste ef ammunition' This sums up the shite of things at Rio de Janeiro. A young lady teacher suddenly expired in a Church Sunday-school at Lostwithiel. At Nelson a biide suddenly expired the day after her marriage. When the Aldobrough lifboat returned from going to the assistance of a vessel one of the crew fell dead. A male dancer suddenly expired at a Blyth parish church ball. — A young man fell dead while speaking in the Dover local parliament. A mystery of the sea is reported from St. Leonard's. .The almost naked body of a young lady was washed up on the beach. On one arm was a wrist' et containing a gold watch, and the body had apparently been in the water about three months. One night the premises of Messrs. Ryder and Son, printers, of Bartholemew-close, wore for cibly entered by some workmen who had for some time past, had a grievance respecting Messrs. Ryders' attitude to their union ; the whole of the type on the premises was pied, or thrown about in confusion. Some domestics at Bournemouth had been S^ supplied w^th watches and jewellery to be paid \ for by instalments. Two men were charged Vith calling upon tho gh-ls and obtaining poses sioh'bf the articles under pretence that the firms desired to repair them. The Archduchess Stephanie, of Austria, like the Duchess of York, may yet be the wife of a monarch. Her husband, the Crown Prince Rudolph, died a tragic death, but she is likely to be betrothed to her late husband's cousin, the heir-presumptive to the Austrian Throne. A quantity of bones and several ancient horse shoes having been discovered while excavating at Hendon, has led somo to sunnose that the ? battle of Barnet was fought near this spot. Two little children becime lost in the woods on Lord Carlisle's estate. A search party scoured the looality throughout one night, and the next morning these real 'babes in the wood ' were discovered lying undor a tree, locked in each other's arm's, aud fast asleep. Twenty lady doctors are anxious to be recog nised as a womon's medical staff in connection with tho Volunteers. Some lady cyclists having adopted knicker bockers and gaiters, has called forth a protest from lady riders who object to male attire. It has been decided to form a Trust for the purpose of holding and preserving places of his toric interest and natural beauty. A lady has already offered to hand over to tho Trust a beau tiful cliff on the Welsh coast, to be preserved for the enjeymentof the public. During some excavations at Ramsgate, a skeleton, to all appearances that of an Anglo Saxon chief, was discovered. A closely-veiled lady, with a rich voice, created a surprise by appearing nightly and singing in the streets of Bradford. She col lected from £2 to £3 daily, but for what object was unknown. ? It was, however, rumoured' that her husband had been ruined by speculation, and j that she had adopted this mode of supporting him and five children. Six months ago the pretty daughter of a Rhondda Valley miner was married to a pitman. The marriage ceremony was gone through with the full acquiescence of the bride, but as soon as the couple got outside the chapel doors she point blank refused to go and live with the bridegroom, and went home to her mother. All efforts to bring about a reconciliation have been unavail ing, the girl declaring that she had been driven j by relatives to marry a man she did not love. j The German Emperor sells the milk produced | on his farms, and carts bearing his name may be seen in the streets of Berlin. Seventeen years aa;o, a vessel laden with valu able machinery sank near Liverpool, and was supposed to have been swallowed up in a quick sand. Recently the machinery was washed up on the breach. Swallowing a hairpin caused the death of a girl in Battersea. — A child died in London from swallowing three small corks. — The kick of a dying fowl led to the death of an aged man near ! Birmingham. — A paralysed woman was killed at Plaistow by the explosion of a penny paraffin lamp. A fire, which destroyed a block of warehouses near Ludgate-hill, illumined the whole of Lon don. At one time the prison of Newgate was threatened. The damage was estimated at £60.000. Ploughing with dynamite, fired by electricity, is being resorted to in America. Holes are drilled two or three feet apart, and in the explo sion the soil is loosened to the depth of a yard. Two lads were exploring a lonely cave near Bath, and on removing some stones came upon the dead body of a young ladv, who is thought to have been the victim of a brutal murder. Two years a»o a lady's watch and chain and blood-stained cuffs were discovered near the cave. Mr. Coxeter. a cloth manufacturer, who has just died at Newbury, once won a £1000 wager by producing a coat between sunrise and sunset, the wool for which was growing on the sheep's back the same morning. A couple of detectives in Sheffield pretended to be visitors from the country, and two thieves whose movements they were^watching actually attempted to pick their pockets, with the result that might be expected. A poor woman and her children, while search ing among some London refuse deposited at Greenford. came across a dirty bundle of docu ments. These related to some house property, and the poor woman on taking them to the soli citors, was rewarded, not with the proverbial half-crown but with a small annuity for life. A circus elephant, twenty-five years of age, whilst out for exercise in North London, bolted, demolishinoc Rates and walls, and trampling down gardens. When captured, he had traversed forty-five miles in five hours, doing damage estimated at £750. — A lion was choked \n -a circus at Ipswich while endeavouring to swaAow a large piece of meat. — A camel, while being\\{W . along the footpath near Richmond, stoick wwh his forepaw and seriously injured a man \yljo happened to be passing. Doctors in America advertised for a. man who, in consideration of an indemnity of £1000, would submit himself to an /'operation that might end fatally. They received 142 applica tions.' The doctors', desired to cut open the atontfich of a man in nvd'er to study the pheno mena of digestion.,,^ A firm in Fr^fice have invented a process for turning old -Maying-cards into new by means oi cleaning »j^fl renovation. The duty on each ' QSW;' pack is thus lost to the Treasury, and 'ffie Excise are trying to stop the firm's opera tions. While digging out the foundations of some demolished houses in Whitechapel, about two tons of human bones were discovered. It is believed to have been the site of a plague pit. An attempt to poison an actress by sending her a bouquet of roses steeped in strychnine is reported from New York. She was known to be in the habit of chewing the rose petals. On putting some from the poisoned bouquet into her mouth, she noticed a bitter taste, ? which aroused her suspicions, and saved her life. The doctors were wrong in supposing that triplets reaching the age of twenty- one was an unprecedented event. A ladv tells of girl triplets at Horncastle, daughters of a clergyman, who all lived to be more than eighty years of age. Triplets — two sisters and a brother — forty years of ao:e — are living to-day with their mother at Southport. A Bedford woman visited London to see about some property. During the return journey she fell asleep in the railway carriage. On waking, and finding the train had passed the station, she jumped out, and falling, both her feet were cut off. A Cambridge professor reports the discoverv of a hair-wash recipe, which dates back 4000 years B.C. It is formed by boiling the foot of a dog, the hoof of an ass, and the fruit of the date palm, and was intended for the use of the king's mother, the instructions being ' rub in.' A youncr lady visitor was taking a walk on the rocks at Colwvn Bay, when the wind caught her umbrella. Holding on firmly to the umbrella, she was carried ever the cliff, and dropping into the sea. was drowned. Madame Antoinette Sterling told an inter viewer that although in New Zealand, hundreds of miles distant, when her husband died in Adelaide she distinctly saw him come into her room, and tenderly embrace her. Some one declares that ghosts still haunt Hampton Court Palace. Doors, it is stated, open and shut to ghostly fingers, and some rooms resound to ghostly revelry in the small hours of the morning. These restless spirits are said to include two of Henry VIII. 's wives — Jane Sevmour and Anne Boleyn. At Maidstone, a solicitor named Edwards, aged 76, was sentenced to eight years' penal servitude for fraudulent trusteeship, his defalca tions amounting to £70,000. When a passenger pays for his dog to ride by rail, is the dog entitled to occupy a seat in the carriage like a human being ? In Belgium a man turned a dog off a seat to sit down himself. The dog's master brought an action against the indi dual, and the Courts have declared that the dog is as much entitled to a seat as his master. An Austrian has invented a machine which is said to solve the problem of ferial navigation. The sails are to be worked by steam, and the progression of tho machine will be on the same principle as the flight of a bee. Lady cyclists are adopting what is termed a rational dress — a knickerkocker suit, with a jacket rather longer than that worn by men, no skirt, and in some cases gaiters. Four mummies have arrived at the British I Museum which date back to tho days of Moses. I As no one could be nrevalied upon to accept ?- the office of Mayor of Hythe, it was decided to compel someono to serve. 