FICTION. YOUNG PHIL AND OLD PHIL. Phil Trewitt, New York merchant, went one morning to his office in the Produce Exchange in a very comfort^ able frame of mind and body. He was not yet forty- five, his"health was superb, he had plenty of friends, a good bank account, a pleasant home, and he was on the right side of the grain market, which had been unusually brisk for some months. Yet no sooner had he assorted his snail, and opened one- particular letter, -which he seemed to expect, than he began to look grave and then to frown, j He ran through the letter hastily, re read it slowly, his face lengthening all the while; then he closed the door of j his private office, stretched himself in ] his chair, looked "through his window j at the sky, and muttered to himself. I 'Like father, like son! It never j occurred to me when I fell desperately In love at twenty-one that my son would follow in my footsteps. I made a runaway match; what if he shonld j follow in that particular too! Mine turned out well, as long as the dear girl lived. Suppose, though, that my boy's shouldn't. Lightning doesn't always strike twice in the same place ; neither does the luck of a boy who thinks he has found the only woman in the world. I'd had one love affair be fore j Phil, junior, hasn't, so he hasn't my experience to 'guide him. I sup posed he would be entirely safe when I let him go down to Old Point with the Merry's; quiet folks, quiet place—and during Lent, too. I might have known better, though, if I'd thought.carefully. Pig hotel—big military post within ten minutes' walk—a score or two of young officers. I might have known that any number of romantic girls would tease their parents to take them down there—of course, to mitigate the rigours of a northern spring, as well as of Lent!' Trewitt wrinkled his brow for a minute or two, and then smoothed it as he continued: ' After all, the hoy won't be likely to get anything but a heartache. He cer tainly won't get the girl. No young ster who is civilian stands a ghost of a show besides, a - lot of uniforms. A single brass button or a bit of military braid will outweigh -the finest ward robe a young man can display himself in. On the other hand, I don't want my boy to . get a heartache—it's a 'com plaint that gave me a great deal of suf fering when I was Phil's age, and it might have done me a great deal of harm if I hadn't suddenly found myself in love with another woman—after the manner of the youthful Romeo in the part of the play that is never put upon the stage. Pshaw 1 I am making a fool of myself, £ suppose; still -when a man has only one son, and is wrapped ■up in the dear scamp—. But let me see once more what he says.' He took the letter from his pocket and looked through it, occasionally reading expressions aloud ] 'finest wo-; man I ever metf—' sure you would like her1—' noble face'—' seems to under stand me perfectly'—' her mother is a •charming old lady1—* write you so fully because I have always promised you that I would never think myself in love without telling you'—'feel as if. I -Ought to secure her before any other 3nan has sense enough to see her incom parable worth.' Then Trewitt dropped the letter, rose abruptly from bis chair, and ex claimed : JI shall have to hurry down there and look after Master Phil, if I don't want him to make a fool of himself. I don't wonder that any woman should like liini, bless him, for he's more mahly than most fellows ten years older, and be has all his mother's sweetness be sides. But I intend to know some thing about any woman who enchants him. I can't spare the time, but I can't at all spare the boy.' Trewitt took an evening train, and was aroused next morning by the morn ing gun saluting the colours that broke from the flagstaff at Fort Monroe. A few minutes more and he was enjoying an early breakfast, having first learned at the hotel ofiice that his son did not come down until a late hour. Within an hour he had met several old acquain tances, as city men are sure to where ever they go. When, finally, Master Phil lounged down, and sauntered to the door for a 4 boutoniere,' he was as tonished to see his own father in the centre of a group of ladies and gentle men. An old-fashioned greeting. fol lowed, but the young man quickly found an excuse to drag his father out to the beach and no sooner were they well apart from everyone else than he exclaimed: 4 Father! Isn't she simply perfect f 4 She ! echoed the father, 4 whom do you mean ?' * Mean ? Why the only young wo man in the party you were with. Who introduced you V Trewitt stopped abruptly and asked: 4 Whom are you talking of, Phil V 4 Of Marion, of course—Miss Bay bright, I mean. You were talking with her when I first recognised you, and it made me very happy, you were looking so appreciative. Did you ever see a finer face, handsomer eyes, and such a glorious head of hair. Oh, fa ther, she's something angelic—divine f Trewitt's head fell as he resumed the walk, and asked, * is that the young woman of whom you wrote me V 4 To be sure she is; whom else could I mean 1 What's the matter, father ! Do you think ' 4 She is, indeed, a glorious woman, my boy; I am glad you have the dis cernment to admire her. But—why, you silly fellow, she's old enough to be your mother.' * Oh, father,' replied the youth, in a tone resembling a groan. 4 I suppose she is a little older than T, but you know I never did admire very young girls. Why, every young fellow is head over heels in love with her, though she gives none of them any encouragement. As to the officers at the fort, they simply form a hollow square around her whenever she ap pears, and they ought to be good judges of girls—tbey see hundreds and thousands of them every season. They desert all the others for Marion though. She is so sensible, so sympa thetic, so radiant. 4 Oh, Phil, Phil!' 'Twas now the father's turn to groan. 4 She appears to be worth a hundred young girls; but, really my boy, you mustn't allow yourself to think of ber as anything more than a friend. I should be glad of you to like each other alwaysa woman like that is the best friend that any young man could have;-but if you were to talk love to ber, you would only offend her, and make yourself very unhappy.' 'Merely because she is two or three years older than I f said the young man with an unbecoming pout. 4 Because she is many years your senior,' said the father. 4 The very qualities which attract you are the re- " suits of the thought and experience of years—more, years than you seem to '-There's no sign of age about her face or figure)-' Phil declared. - j 4 You are right to that-^xtent, and I hope she will keep hei, ifresh and : cheerful look for many yea|-ssto cbme; but, my dear boy, you must admit that my knowledge of such matters is ] larger than yours.' j Phil seemed inclined to doubt this | statement. He put on a sullen face, and kicked savagely at ©very pebble large enough to attract his attention. His father continued. < Dotft, I beg, make a fool of your self, merely because a mature ^ woman has the discernment and kindliness to be pleasant to you. All women who amount to anything are fond of very young men who are decent, mannerly, and clever.' < But, father,' pleaded Phil, * she seems specially fond of me. As I've told you, all the other fellows—includ ing the handsome bachelor officers at the Fort—are wild about her; but she will excuse . herself to any of them for the sake of strolling or sailing with me.' « Can it be possible ? murmured the father, looking as earnestly at the sands as if he were searching them for i a reason for this preference. ♦ Indeed it is. I never talk any nonsense to her, but sbe takes an in terest in whatever interests me. Why sbe has drawn me out about all I have, studied at school;- what pictures I have seen, the music I have heard, and the books I've read. Of course, I've talked a great deal about you, dear old man. Other girls never seem to care to hear anything about a fellow's father, but she listens patiently. Isn't this a sign that she cares a great deal for me ? If not, what does it mean !' ♦ It means, I suppose,' said Trewitt, after pondering a moment, 'merely that she isn't a flighty young thing. My dear boy, what you have told me should have shown you, if you had any judgment regarding human nature, that she is a mature woman, instead of a maiden young enough for you to think of falling in love with. It doesn't mean, in the least, that she is likely to fall in love with you. You should study woman's nature a long time, my boy, if you don't wish to be terribly disappointed by mistaking one sentiment for another. You should have very good reasons before you imagine a woman can love you. You must give me better reasons than any I've yet heard before I can imagine that Miss Baybrigbt can think of you as anything more than an interesting boy. You must analyse your own feelings, too; don't imagine because I married at twenty-one; and was happy as long as your dear mother lived, that Hpaven will be equally merciful to you in your ignorance. Besides, I had gone through a heart-break before I finally succeeded. 'Twas entirely my own fault; the girl was not in the least to blame; but. it set me to think seriously about love and making my self less selfish and more manly. ^ Of course, you admire Miss Ray bright very much, as everyone does, so you tell me; but love—the real article must be a plant of slow growth if there's to be any health and strength to it. As to the possibility of Miss Raybrighfc loving you, there isn't any. The idea is simply preposterous.' ♦Is it? said Phil, defiantly, and turning flashing eyes upon his father. Suddenly, though, he turned his face toward the water, and said, very softly and hesitatingly,' You said you wanted better reasons than any I gave you. Well, she—sbe has squeezed my hand —very tenderly—two or three times, while I was saying good-night. What do you say to that f Again Trewitt was slow in answer ing, but at last he. said : ' A good woman's interest in a good boy—nothing more, Phil; I'd stake my life on it.' ' Boy !' ejaculated Phil, so vigorously, that two or three youngsters who were playing in the sand dropped their shovels, and looked up to see who was addressing them. The father gently replied: ♦Yes, boy—to her. You're the manliest fellow of your age that I ever knew, and to some girls you'd appear as old as the hills; but not to her. Time has given her too much advan tage over you.' ' Father, you are real cruel and un gallant to keep harping on Marian's age. One would think, to hear you talk, that years were disgraceful in women.' ♦On the contrary -r I've always found that the older a good woman grows the sweeter she becomes. But in this case, really, my boy, you must take my word, instead of your own impres sions. Suppose that I were to prove to you, by some of her family friends who are here, that she is—say, fifteen years older than you ? ♦ Well,' was the dogged reply. ♦ We Trewitts are a very long-lived race, you know, so probably I shall outlive her. You've always boasted that your father was younger at 80 than most men at 501' ♦ You're a persistent scamp,' the fa ther replied. ♦ Let's drop the subject for the present. Go on admiring Miss Raybright—admire her with all your might; it will do you a great deal of good. Teach yourself, though, to re spect her too much to lessen her re spect for you by talking love. I shouldn't like my son to lose the friendship of a woman like that. I'm not afraid in the least of her falling in love with you; to prove it, I'll take you, her, and her mother out driving or sailing every day I can remain here; I'll throw you together all I can. You needn't be ashamed to talk and act as you feel before me.' Trewitt returned to the hotel, and rejoined some of his acquaintances, new and old, while Phil, Jun., con tinued to pace the beach, inflicting upon the-- delicious and unoffending air of early JLpril a countenance clouded with gloom and cigarette smoke. Never before had he found his. father unrea sonable. Of course, his father was unreasonable, for wasn't Marion so handsome that all the pretty women at the hotel adored her; as they wouldn't were she so much older than they. Fifteen years his senior- Ridicul ous ! But even if she were, was not beauty eternal," when it was fullof soul? He strode too and fro, apparently j wanting no company but his own j thoughts. Finally, .he entered the Fort, by way of the water battery, for he had heard that there was a cannon : there—gun forty—which had a ro mantic history. It was a legend of Old Point that if a fellow asked a lady to walk with him to gun forty it was equivalent to a proposal. He reached the gun, leaned gloomily against the carriage, and wondered why so many men—some of them worthless, probably—had been made happy, while he was compelled to en dure all the discomforts of wet blanket thrown upon his heart—and by his own father, too ! Years hence, when he would be approaching forty-five, he would remember this day and be more sympathetic, should a son of his be in the condition in which. he, Phil, now : found himself.. The approach of other visitors roused him from his reverie. He strolled into and through the Fort, along the south walk of the parade, where, to his astonishment and somewhat to his indignation, he encountered his father and Miss Raybright looking at some trophies of war, chatting as merrily as if between them they were not making misery for a very tender heart. As if to make his indignation more perver sive, Phil, when recognised by his fa ther, was addressed as * Bub,' and or dered to join the couple and make himself agreeable. Miss Ravbriglit did not seem the least embarrassed by the meeting, as Phil felt she ought, and when Trewitt, who bad a little knowledge about almost everything in nature, broke the tip of a twig from one of the old live oaks on the parade, and showed Miss Raybright, from the conformation of the leaves, how Fort Monroe was the northern limit of that species of genus quercus and the lady listened with an expression of great interest as she slowly broke leaf after leaf from the stem, it seemed to Phil that 'twas a heart better than a heart of oak that was being cast un der foot. All day long the youth lounged about disconsolately, for he did not get a moment alone with his charmer. His father monopolised the girl, even sitting at dinner with her and her mother, the ladies inviting an army officer, instead of Phil, to take the re maining chair at the table. What was his father up to ? Between Philip, junior, and Philip, senior, there had always been entire confidence, as frequently exists between widowed fa thers and only sons; yet the young man was excited enough to be suspi cious. His father had the reputation, in business circles, of being a man of great tact; perhaps he was making the most of his opportunities to spoil his son's chances of saying things which would lessen the regard in which Phil was sure Marion held him. It is unnecessary to say how far suspicion may go, even in the best na tures, when it gets a fair start. There was to be a hop at the hotel that even ing. Phil knew that Miss Raybright did not dance, or even care much for looking at a dance. Everyone else would be there; the beach would be thoroughly deserted, the air was still and warm; the starlight would be bright enough to show the way, yet dim enough to hide anyone from curi ous eyes. He would write her, de clare his love, and beg her to write him an immediate answer to his room, and afterwards meet him on the piazza, and stroll with him on the beach—if the answer was favourable. (To be Concluded in onr next issue.') 