THE NOVELIST. [COPYRIGHT.] TALMUD; A Strange Narrative of Cen- tral Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, CHAPTER continued. VIII. IVAN DEXTER. The faces and cubes were so arranged that they reflected the light from one to the other in the most perfect manner. Some of the crystals appeared to have drops of water enclosed within them, and this added to the effect. The floor was composed of the same pellucid material, but by some agency it had been 'frosted' or dulled. This at once attracted the notice of Strangway. "How has this been done I wonder? It seems marvellous that anything short of human agency could have made this floor as it is." "Perhaps it has been done by walking on it. Whatever made the paths we saw in the passage may have done it," replied Stanley. "No, this has been done by hand and by design. I know a little about these things," Strangway answered. Talmud did not seem to take the least interest in the chamber. He eyed it much as a person might a familiar street. For at least an hour the party remained feasting their eyes on the wonderous chamber, but at length the seriousness of their position forced itself on them, and they went on their apparently hopeless quest of finding the clue to the labyrinth. The passage which Talmud look led almost abruptly downwards, and after clambering after him for nearly two hundred feet the welcome sound of splashing water greeted the ears of the two explorers. A descent of about twenty feet brought them to a small spring, which trickled out of a rocky wall into a basin beneath. Talmud had already partaken freely of the refreshing fluid, and his example was soon followed by his companions. After quenching their thirst, the hopes of the party were somewhat revived. Hitherto the vaults and passages had been remarkably dry, and the horrors of thirst which had been experienced by Stanley and Strangway in other days rose before them. They now decided to make another start. For what seemed a quarter of a mile, the subterranean walk was continued, and then a slight cry of alarm escaped Stanley, who was closely following Talmud. Some distance ahead he could discern a dull red glow like the reflection of a fire. As Strangway reached him he also noticed it. "What can it mean?" he asked. "It can't be a volcano or a slumbering crater surely," Stanley answered. As Talmud kept ahead the two men followed in awe-struck silence. The ominous glow did not increase much in brilliancy, but still it was sufficiently startling to amaze the explorers. The passage was slightly curved, and as they proceeded, the reflection got larger. Fifty yards further on the full sight burst on them, as they came in view of a vast concave wall, which glowed like the live embers of a fire. "It is another kind of mineral I see. It must be the rare red crystal, and like the other place this has not been all shaped by chance," Strangway said to his companion. The effect of this second chamber, for such it really was —did not strike the observer as so brilliant as the first one. It was gorgeous enough, however, and for half an hour, the two men took in its rare beauties. "Why its eight o'clock in the evening," Stanley exclaimed, looking at his watch. "I dare say it is. We did not leave that awful valley until nearly ten o'clock, and you know how many hours we have been wandering about since," answered his companion. "This passage seems to end here. Had we not better get back to the water?" asked Stanley, "Yes, we may as well go that way. Let us ask Talmud what he intends doing?" Both the men went to where Talmud was standing in apparently deep thought and Stanley said— "What is the best thing for us to do? Can you lead us out of this place?" The strange man shook his head in a hopeless way, as if he understood the meaning of the question, but was unable to give a satisfactory answer. "We are going back to the water," Strangway added, pointing as he spoke in the direction of the spring. Talmud made a gesture of assent, and seeing this, Stanley and his comrade led the way, whilst the other followed closely behind. The way was easily found, and filled with their by no means pleasant thoughts none of the men spoke during the return journey. "I feel tired out," Stanley said when the spring was reached. "Let us have an hour's rest, and then we can go on again." "Yes, night or day makes no difference to us in this place," Strangway added bitterly. After another drink, a fraction of the remaining food was divided between the lost explorers, and then each man made himself as comfortable as he could in such a place. They were all utterly wearied out. Their experience of the previous night had been a terrible one. All through the hours of darkness they had been battling against the fire, and their escape from the dread glen was a most trying ordeal. What with the smoke, snakes, and the varying depth of water, the passage taxed the mental and physical abilities of the men to the utmost. Then the knowledge that they were practically entombed was like the last straw to their much taxed bodies. It can well be imagined therefore that the hour's rest asked for by Stanley should have stretched into nearly eight hours deep slumber. Stanley, habituated to short watches by his seafaring life, was the first to awake and he saw in the dim light that his two companions still slept. Stretching himself wearily he rubbed his heavy eyes and was seriously inclined to renew his slumber, when something at the top of the passage caught his eyes. It will be remembered, that on leaving the first crystal chamber, the descent to the water was very steep. Now, where Stanley lay, he could see the summit of the abrupt slope, and as he looked upward, his wide-open eyes stared fixedly at a figure looking down from it. A figure! Rather a phantom. For several moments he gazed speechless with terror, for that he saw a ghost he never for a moment doubted. At length a low cry burst from his parched lips and it instantly awoke Strangway. "What's that? Did you call me?" he asked. He looked towards his comrade as he spoke, rubbing his eyes and yawning as one who has just awoke out of a heavy sleep. Stanley's lips formed the word— "Look!" It was only faintly whispered but in that subterranean gallery it reached the ears of Strangway. Sitting up, his eyes involuntary turned in the direction which his comrade's was fixed. The apparition was still there and was that of the usual orthodox ghost. A human figure with a human face was there, but it was the countenance of a dead man. The light from the crystal cavern shone to the top of the descent but that could not account for the unearthly appearance of the weird visitant. With the exception of the face and head, the figure was clothed from the neck to the feet with a gown of snowy whiteness and in folds which bore some resemblance to the gown of a Druid. Strangway was just as much taken by surprise as Stanley and for a moment or so he too was silent with emotion. The slight noise he made had awakened Talmud who was some little distance further down the passage. The latter on rising was surprised to see the attitudes of his two companions and he moved towards them. As he did so he noticed they were both looking upward. He approached nearer and did the same, and as he did so he gave voice to a cry that re-echoed through the cavern and caused Stanley and Strangway to spring to their feet with alarm. The latter seized his revolver and stood upon his guard, but Talmud took not the slightest notice of him. With out-stretched arms he began to call upon the figure at the top in the uncouth language which had so startled the two explorers on previous occasions. He ceased in less than a minute and to the unbounded astonishment of the two men the apparition at the summit began to speak in the same unknown tongue. This was kept up for a few minutes when Talmud turned to his companions and beckoned them to follow him up the ascent. He clambered up a short distance but on looking back and finding they did not respond he returned. After making a few furious gestures he paused, while his features worked convulsively and at length he ejaculated the word— "Come!" CHAPTER IX. THE CEMETERY. The fact was both Strangway and Stanley were afraid to follow Talmud. Hearing him converse with the apparition at the top of the summit, they naturally concluded he was in league with it, and that at last was about to put some diabolical scheme into execution. "He wants to lead us to our destruction," Strangway said impetuously. Stanley did not reply for a few moments and then said— "It seems to me we cannot be worse off than we are. It would be as well to meet death at once than die here of hunger. Besides we are armed and they do not appear to be." "Bah!" broke in Strangway contemptously, "of what use would firearms be against such foes as these." "If they want to kill us, can they not do it just as well here as anywhere else," again argued Stanley, The point seemed to have some effect on the doubting Strangway for he replied— "Yes I believe you are right. Let us go, and if there is treachery we must do the best we can." Meanwhile Talmud was gesticulating and urging the two explorers to follow him. As they signified their assent, his face was illumined with an expression almost ecstatic. Clambering up the steep incline, he was soon followed by his companions and in a couple of minutes the three of them were on the summit. Stanley and Strangway looked round in an awe-struck way for the white spectre, but it was nowhere to be seen. Raising his voice, Talmud made a strange cry, and it was instantly answered by someone a short distance ahead. He then set off in the direction of the cry which was repeated at intervals. Passing through the magnificent crystal vault which, notwithstanding their extraordinary position, the two men could not help admiring, they entered the passage through which the vault was at first reached. Shortly after, they again found themselves in the gigantic granite cavern which had so puzzled them. Strangway glanced around but it was tenantless. The strange cry again resounded and entering the passage through which the sounds came, the explorers were not long in discovering that it was the same by which they had got into the labyrinth. This at once restored the faith of the sceptical Strangway and he began to have full reliance in the bona fides of his mysterious guide. Twenty minutes rapid walking led them to the first great chamber from where their troubles began. It was here the dispute between Strangway and Talmud occurred when the advice of the latter was neglected. As soon as this place was reached, Talmud appeared to take the guidance into his own hands. The voice of the unknown was no longer heard and Talmud at once plunged into the passage he had indicated on the previous day. This time his companions followed him without demur. It led down for a short distance, and then in a bend it commenced to slope sharply upwards. In a quarter of an hour a faint gleam of light was seen far ahead, and as the men advanced, there was no longer any doubt on their minds, that they were saved. From the depths of the passage stars could be seen faintly shining. Within ten minutes, the three men emerged into the open air in a queer looking depression about thirty feet deep. The sun shone into it fiercely, and the disentombed travellers were nearly blinded by its effulgence. Creeping into the shadows of a small tree close at hand, they remained there for at least two hours trying to accustom themselves to the light. This did not take very long in the case of Strangway and Stanley, though for days afterwards their eyes were weak. As soon as they could venture out, they easily ascended the small incline, and found that they were on the extreme summit of the great peak. The view around was magnificient. For nearly fifty miles they could see to all points of the compass. Far away to south east stretched the country which they would have to traverse on the homeward journey that they proposed at once to undertake. To the west, the misty out-lines of a vast sheet of water, now called Lake Amadeus was visible. This inland sea is perhaps the largest sheet of water on the continent, and lies across the dividing line between South and West Australia. Towards the end of 1870, it was at its highest flood. To the North the blue outlines of Mounts Udor and Leichardt were dimly visible, whilst at other points small peaks interspersed with sparkling sheets of water or level plains could be seen. There was no doubt that the range on which they stood was the centre of an oasis in the arid desert of Central Australia. Looking nearer home the lower peak of range between which and their standpoint the hideous gully or glen in which they so nearly perished was situated. It seemed but a stones throw from them. As they were looking, Strangway exclaimed. "By the by, this is Christmas Day." "Yes I forgot all about Christmas, or any other day in that vault, where we were fixed up," candidly returned Stanley, "There are some strange things down there to be yet found out. Talmud, there, could tell us a lot if he liked," Strangway remarked. "He is like a man who has forgotten how to speak in the language he was first taught. Do you remember the struggle he had, to say 'come,' when he wanted us to follow him from below," Stanley said in a musing tone. "I wonder if he means to return with us. His friends seem to be in those caverns," answered Strangway. "We had better ask him that question, and by the way tell him this is Christmas Day." Strangway went to Talmud, who was standing under the shade of an overhanging rock, and told him what Stanley suggested. A swift gleam of intelligence swept across his face, when he heard it was the 25th of December, and to the interrogation, as to whether he wished to accompany them, he nodded eagerly, and vehemently replied— "Yes." "Let us get back to the horses as soon as we can. We will have a job to reach the old camp to-day," Stanley said coming up to the two men. The remnant of the food was consumed by the starving men, and Strangway looked round in vain for an animal or bird to shoot. Smoke still rose from the strange glen, and it had a peculiar odor, which would probably keep birds away. Leaving their elevated position, the three men made their way slowly downwards. They kept to the south for a short distance in order to get round the glen, but finding that they would have to camp out all night if they took such a round-about course, they decided to boldly cross it. "The fire must be well burned out by this time, and the scrub and snakes will be mostly gone," Stanley argued, and Strangway agreed with him. There was a descent of nearly five hundred feet, before the edge of the glen was reached, and the route was an exceedingly rugged and difficult one. In some places minature precipices of from ten to twelve feet in depth were encountered, and the travellers had to drop down them as best they could. About midday the glen was reached, and it presented an extraordinary appearance. The dense vegetation, which they had seen a couple of days previously had entirely vanished, and all that remained was a comparatively level black surface. The smoke and flames had made the sombre rocks, which formed the sides, an ebony hue, and even the rivulet which ran through the coffin shaped chasm, seemed to flow with ink instead of water through the reflection or shadow of the rocks. Smoke was still rising in various places and those on the summit of the glen noticed that it had a most offensive smell. The aromatic and pungent fumes were no longer present. It was some time before a safe place to descend could be found, but Stanley at length managed to make the descent, and as he did so his companions followed. The sun being almost vertical, threw its beams into the gorge, and to some slight extent, relieved its somberness, but when the explorers again found themselves at the bottom they experienced the same unaccountable fear, which had beset them on the former occasion. "I don't know how it is but I do not feel at ease in this place," Stanley said to his comrade. "Neither do I for that matter. I suppose it is because the gorge is so gloomy and forbidding," was the answer. "Oh no. You and I have been in worse places by far than this, but we took little notice of them. Look out there!" he exclaimed, as a large snake uncoiled itself from a cleft in the rock, and glided out, hissing at Strangway. The latter did not have a stick, and none being at hand, he rose his gun and shot the reptile. (To be Continued.) 