. THE S.A.N.R.A. The annual meeting of the S.A. National Rifls Association reminds me (writes Hugh Salyptnsjof the days- when it kept together themartial feeliDg, and eventuslly fathered the present Defence Force. Probably few of the. new members know what good service •be old 8.A.N.R.A. did in the days when it practically represented the military spirit of South Australia. It «re» rfwmposed o£ energetio, enthusiastic riflemen, who made fine shooting with . that honest old-" tfaspipe" the JEnfield at the butts onjtbe&kmth; Park Lands. 8o confident were the publio in the steadiness of the riflemen of thosejdayjs th't hundreds of people used to oross the Perk Lands while matches lasting for several day* .were carried on; and the boys used tojJay prioket and chaee the ball right on,, to the range sometimes. I know, beoauseiwas Secretary of the Association and o*ptiun of the range towards the end of that glorious rei£n pf confidenoe. In those days we ooold go Dot and praotioe on the range in the earl/ morning and walk home to breakfast. I remember on one oooasion we had a marker .who was white-washing the target, whan the late Captain Fergusson, I think, who was lying down taking a sight as we thought, fic^d jtod scored.» bullseye on the ringing plats right between the astonished marker's extended legs as he stood wiping , oat the target. The-sucker bolted *croes the Park Lands in a fright, end has sever tamed up einoe. Oa ssother oooasion a cow wM grazing lazily across the 500-yards range, when a man fired and took the extreme tip off her horn. The oow yelled something equivalent to "Great Cfesar's Ghost!" or "Holy Bull of Baslian !" and bolted tail erect for the uttermoBt euds of the earth. The newspapers usod to publish every shot in those days, and a nice time the Hon. Seoretary, who WAS also "war correspondent," had of it with the worry of eeorutarial work all day, a Council meeting in the evening, and two or three columns of ecores to work up for the morning's paper. I wag that unfortunate individi'.h), but got much sympathy and help from my d«ar old friend Captain B. J. Scott, a typical rifleman, who was Treasurer. He and Captain (Iray and myself got up what wag known as the "D6w rifle I movement, ' which met with so much favour through the country, aDd a nice time we had of it; but it flomished like a banyan tree. < Afterwards when the dear old q-ospipe was j ousted by the Martini-Henry, and the Defence I Foroe, which the S. A.N.R.A. was instru- j mental in forming, was established, the j Eufields were oalkd in, and a terrible jab X had, far some of them 1 had been used for kangarooing, some i for henroosts, and others as fowling-pieces by men who no longer valued th6m beside the ! Martini. I remember there was a gusli over 500 Martini-Henrys landed in 187" from the t Avooafor the use of the Volunteer Infantry j Force. -Now we.want magazine rifles. The•: S-A.N.R.A. has a erond record, and is 1 "keeping its end up."- The present Defence Force is the development of the Rifle Volunteer Force, which the South Australian National Rifle Association practically originated, therefore the Militia, from the Oolonel- Gommandant downwards, otight to feel grateful to the old organization, which foilnd them occupation and honour. 