OUR NOVELIST A SINLESS CRIME By the author of ' Tfte Cost of Con^isi A Wife's Revenge' 4'c. ? CHAPTER LIIL— Contikued. THE LAST OP LORD MEItKION Nesfca lay down, feeling as if the night would be one long, weary vigil, hut she Avas worn out, and Nature took her revenge in a dreamless sleep that rested mind and body alike. She was conscious of nothing till she felt her husband's kiss upon her lips and opened her eyes to see himst and jng beside her. ' Oh, Mark ! 'she exclaimed, start ing up, her senses awake in a mom ent. ' You are come at last .?' ' Yes, ray darling.' ' Audit is true ? My fears were, not fancy ? I can see it in your face. He is alive — my child's father ?' ' He is.' She clung closer to him, with a Ion?, shuddering sob. \- ' Oh, Mark, what' shall I do ?' ? ' Come with me to him, my own Nesta. He will not part us long : he is dying V' 'Dying? Oh, Mark!' ' Yes, my own wife ; with 'hardly enough life in him to wait for the sight of you. He is in his own place atMerrion Royal, bat he^cares nothing for all that. All he wants is a sight of your face.' , ' But, Mark, I am his wife ! It is all like some horrible dream ! Our little Nesta, Mark — what will ?become of her ?'? . \- ' Mv darling, try and put all that out o£ yonr head for the present, ' lie said, soothingly. ' It will all come -right, be sure of it. If our boy had s lived their might have been difficulties; as it is, there will be none.' ' I wender Avhy heaven took him,' said Nesta, excitedly ; ' I see it now. It was best and wisest, though it nearly broke my heart.' Mrs. Drayton Avas full of wonder at 'her son's proceedings, and before they started Mark told her all. Ve deemed it best, knowing that all sorts of reports would get about, and that she Avould perhaps hear something while he was away that Avould alarm her, as Nesta's wild Avords had already done. She Avas terribly shocked and grieved, but she kept up a brave out side, and badethem farewell cheerful ly and hopefully. It took alLNesta's fortitude and all' Mark's powers of cheering her, to en able her to bear the first sight of Merrion Royal Avith equanimity. She had neVer seen the stately towers of Cuthbert's oid home since the dismal morning her uncle had driven her away a prisoner to the dreary convent, from which she had managed to es cape into her husband's arms, as it fell out. How vividly the details of her first meeting with Cuthbert came before her as they drove' past the corner of the parb Avhere Lion had imprisoned her under the tree. How short a time ago it really Avas — not ten years yet —and yet what a lifetime of eArents seemed to have passed since then. She was come here to see Cnthbert — to see him die ! She failed to realize the position, even when the great door of the house opened to admit them, andMrs. Brace came forward to receive her. Eglan tine had deputed the housekeeper to attend to her, thinking she would rather, see her than the sister in law who had usurped her place so long. ' A guilty concience needs no accuser/' says the old saw, and Eglantine for got that Nesta knew nothing but the ? fact of Cuthburt's return ; had no knowledge of the crime that had kept him out of his inheritance for so long. Mr. Metcalf Avas in the hall. God frey had begged him to stay, and the invalid seemed restless -without him. ' How is he ?' asked Mark, when Mrs. Bruce had led Nesta away to re move her travelling Avraps. The lawyer shook his head. ' Alive ?' 'Yes.' . ' But worse. I can see it in your face. ' Yes, dying now, without the shadow of a doubt. We feared an hour ago that he would not live to see you again. He has rallied a little, and is asleep, Avhich the doctors think will restore him a little. But it is only a question of time.' ' 'I could find it in my heart to say, 4 Thank heaven, for it,' ' said Mark. Urayton. ' it is an awiul compli cation of events.' ' And nothing but death can set it /right,' said the lawyer. 'I do say ' Thank heaven for it/ and so I think does he. There are more painful cir cumstances attending this strange re turn than the world will ever know.' ' What has made him Avorse ? Has anything fresla occurred ?' ' No, it was a return of the bleed ing brought on by a slight cough. The doctors say that he could not have lived long in any case. Though he seemed pretty well, his constitution ?was thoroughly undermined by his terrible experiences in Africa.' Godfrey Merrion came softly into the room at the last words. He looked terribly haggard and worn, and his eyes had adazed, weary expression as from long sleeplessness. Indeed, he had taken no rest since the discovery, and had been constant in his watching by his brother's sickbed. He would have given all his ill bought wealth, all the years he had been master of Merrion, anything he possessed now, and gone forth into the world a begger, to restore Cuth bert to Me and Avealth. But it Avas too late. The flat had gone forth, an all- Avise Providence was loosening the strands of the tangled web and tak ing the rightful Lord of Merrion through the dark valley; to learn the meaning of the dispensation in the light' of the life beyond. /' Is she ready ?' Godfrey asked, in a husky-, voice. ' There is not much time left now.' Mr. Metcalf went to seek her. She was waiting to be summoned, and in a minute or two came back Avith him. Mark took her in hia arms and kiss ed her forehead. -c Courage, my darling,' he said. ' Try and command yourself.' 'I will— t will,' she faltered. «' Take me to him, please.' Godfrey drew her arm through his, v and led her away to the darkened room where his brother lay. He could scarcely find voice to speak to j thsm till they paused at the door. ' There is nothing painful in his appearance,' he said. ' He looks very oalm, only so pale.' Pale ! Like a waxen image was the face that lay upon the pillows in the sumptuous room — the room in which he and his brother Avere born, and in which many a Lord of Merrion had laid down forever the load of life and it-- burdens. He could not move now, might not so much as turn his head, lest the fatal bleeding should break out afresh, aud choke him, but he Aras aAvare of her presence, and he smiled as her soft footfall came across the room. Eglantine rose from a low chair by the bedside, and gently kissed Nesta before she glided noiselessly away. Godfrey led his sister in laAv up to his dying brother, and stepped out of hearing. Nesta bent her face to the pale one hing there, and kissed it in her agony of grief. There was noth ing to be said between those tAYO. What could they say vvitli such a gulf between them, and life slipping so fast from the hold of one of them '? 1 he dying man strove hard to put liis arm around her neck, and she lifted it, and lef* it lie there. 'Mine!' he murmured — 'mine Dwn ones, more for only little hour ! I thank thee, heaven, for this ray of light !' He seemed oblivious of all but her presence, and content that she was near him, and touehing him. ' I saw our child,' he said, present ly. ' I kissed her, and held her on my knee. YouhaArekepbmy memory green for her ?' ' I have tried to.' 'Where is -she?' ' Dear, we did nob bring her,' said Nesta, gently. ' We thought it bet ter not. She is so young.' , 'True. Better not. Let her little life go on without the memory of my death to cloud it. Where is Mark — your husband, Nesta ?' ' Not my husband now,' she said, half choked Avith tears — 'not now, Cuthbert.' ' But will be— a better one than I ever was. Fetch him.' Godfrey went out, and returned with Mark Drayton, who came and stood by Nesta's side. ' Life me up,' Cuthbert said. ' Oh, no, no,' Nesta pleaded. ' The doctors said you must not be moved/. It will do you harm.' . ' Nothing can harm me now. I am past all help from human hands. Put your strong arm under me, old friend, and raise me up.' His voice Avas curiously clear, and his eyes bright, but the grayness of death was settling into his face, and they felt that the cud was very near. Mark lifted him up as he Avished and Godfrey put; a little Aviue to his lips. He smiled when it was done, and fondled Nesta's hand upon his breast Avith a caressing touch, ' My gift to you, Mark,' he said, groping for the strong hand that hasl let go of his for a moment. He tried with feeble touch to bring the two hands together, and Mark took hold of Nesta's trembling fingers, and let him lay his hands upon them. 'I leave her to. you, my old friend,' he said. ' Do not let my re turn make a break in your happiness. Maybe, I shall be premitted to see it.' Their tears were falling fast as they, looked at him, and felt the dying grasp upon their hands relax. ' Kiss me,' he sa'd, suddenly, after a minute's pause. ' ISesta, my wife!'' She stooped, and laid her lips to his forehead, and then he asked, in a sharp, shrill voice — ' Where is Godfrey, my brother ?' Godfrey crepfr-to his side, and took his hand, and Avandered off into un consciousness, babbling of their boy ish days, and of many a thing almost forgotten now. He took no further notice of any one. He seemed to have lived to see Nesta, and his last intelligible Avords were a couplet of the old prophecy — ' Merrion race an end shall see, With two babes cradled on one knee.' CHAPTER LIV. THE HEIRESS OF JIERRIOX-. - , Her eyes' dark charm 'twere vain to tell' \- But gaze on that of tho gazelle.— Byeon Once more a stately funeral train left the door of Merrion Royal, and once more the family vault opened to receive a Lord Merrion avIio I1 ad come to the home of his race only to die. Godfrey was master now, might be to his dying day without any fear of a dead-alive brother coming back to claim his own. The secret of his crime Avould be buried in the dead mac's grave, but it Avould haunt and weigh upon him ever while the tew who kneAV it were alive. The two lawyers kneAV it, and his Avife's father, and, worse than all, Eglantine's maid. In his Avife's burst of self-reproach and grief at Cuthbert's illness she had let slip the fact that Webber kneAv of the letters that had come, and had held her in constant bondage, because of them. But Webber could be bribed, and he set Mr. Metcalf to negociate with her, avIio did his spiriting so cleverly, albeit, gently, too, that the waiting Avoman faithfully promised to keep silence on the subject for a considera tion. Mr. Metcalf granted her a certain yearly sum with, this provision, that if anything was eArer heard of the matter from any quarter she should be deemed unworthy to receive any more, and the payment should cease. ' But other people may tell of ifc,' said Webber. ' I believe you to be the only per son living avIio knows it except our selves,' the lawyer said. ' So have a care, Mistress Webber, and keep a still tongue !' Webber promised, and kept her word. one leic juaciy merrion, nuu wenr abroad Avith another lady, and nothiug more was heard of her, except now then Avhen she sent her address to the laAvyer's for her money. Nesta left Merrion before the funeral. Her hnsbaud — for avo must still call him so— thought it Avould be the best way of avoiding all comment, and she went to a quiet lodging in London, whither Mark escorted her, sending for.his mother and the child ren to join her. Then he went back to pay the last respect to the man he he had so unwittingly wronged, and saAvhis old comrade laid in the grave with a very mingled feeling of regret and relief. Merrion was to be shut up for a awhile. Lord and Lady Merrion were ^oing to make a lengthened tour on bbe Continent, to stay aAvay till the aine days' wonder of Cuthbert Mer rion's return bad blown over. God frey fancied ihat people looked ask ance at him, and Avhispered as he pass ed, as though they knew his share in his brother's absence, whereas the general feeling toAvards him Avas -sympathy,' as to a man who had been wronged by the inopportune return of a brother supposed dead. The Duke of Talland went away,' too. Lord Merrion offered him the house if he liked to occupy it while he was away, but his grace declined. Perhaps he thought that Cuthbert's reproachful ghost would haunt the place — anyAvay, it Avould be full of un pleasant memories, and he preferred his usual roving existence among his friends. ' Ill-natured people were apt to say that the Duke of Talland and Barton managed io lead a very economical fife by continuous visiting,' and to in iutee in all the luxuries pertaining to his high estate without their cost ing him anything. But his grace was not thin-skinned, and troubled very little about what- the world chose to say. ' ' '' .. Godfrey Merrion and Mark Drayton parted w ith the utmost cordiality. 'Mav brother's daughter is my. heiress, Mr. Drayton,' he said. ' You must let hf-r know her relations and see her future home1.' ' With all my heart, my lord,' he replied. ' Whenever you return to England Clarisse shall come to you, if her mother does not obieet.' ' I don't think Ne:-ta Avill beai malice,' Lord Merrion said. ' Your wife is a good woman, Mr. Drayton.', Mark smiled sadly. ' Lady Merrion noAV,' he said. ' She will be my Avife as soon as ever the law can make her so.'1 ' This has been an awful thing for you and her.' ' ' Not so terrible as if my boy had lived,' said Mark, in a broken voice. ' I thought my heart Avould break when I saw the coffin lid close over his little head. I can see the mercy of the dispensation now.' - ' There is mercy in everything, they 'say,' Lord Merrion said. ' It is hard to see it sometimes. You will not forget your promise about little Clarisse. She will not be mistress of Merrion, but she will have the money.' ' You speak as though you were an old man, my lord. You may have goodly sons to succeed you and keep up' the old name yet.' 'No,' Godfrey replied,Avith a shake of his head, ?' I think the old saying is true, and that ith e curse 6f the twins is upon us. I shall have no son io succeecl^me, arid Merrion will go to a. man who^is all but a stranger to me.'5 Lord and Lady Merrion paid a visit to Nesta as they passed, through Lon don to make theacquaintance of little Clarisse, Avhom they very much astonished by calling their niece. Wfcile they Avere passing through town, en route to Italy, theyvwent one morningto a quiet little church in an oldfashioned square, and signed their names as Avitnesses to the wedding of Mark Drayton and Nesta Mi-rrion. No one knew them, or had any idea there was anything unusual in the ceremony. The pewopener wondered at the party being all in such deep mourning, and at the sweet face of the bride ; but they were all very liberal, so it was no business of hers. It was only some months afterwards, and quite by accident, that the clergyman found'out who Nesta really was, and heard the story of the re turn of the rightful lord of Merrion Royal. Years have passed since Mark Drayton and his wife stood by that said deathbed, and quite a crowd of little people fill the old house at Kingsbury with noise and sunshine. Then there is Clarisse, Miss Merrion — ' sister,' as all the rest call her — a tall, graceful girl, soon to be pre sented and astonish the fashionable world with her striking beauty. She is so like her father that Mark and Nesta often feel a pang of pain when they look at hev and. -think of Mm. \- Then there is Nesta, a fair, blue eyed girl — ': a miss in her teens,'' for she is turned twelve, and then she has a second little Mark, so like her lost darling that the mother's eyes ofi en fill with tears as she looks at him, and after him a nursery full of youngsters, Avhom their grandmother spoils Avith all the strength of her loving old heart Clarisse goes periodically to Mer rion Royal, Avhich never echoes to the tread of little feet,- or the hum of merry voices, and is made much of andpetted, but is always glad to come home. Uncle and aunt Merrion are very kind, but very sad. It is no place for a bright young heart. Godfrey Merion'S' sin has brought his own punishment. His hair is white and his form bent before his time. Merrion's race will end with him, and strangers reign in the old halls when he shall be laid in the family vault. He cannot alter it, nor make the property revert to Cuthbert's daughter, though he has tried, but he can save for her, and he does. The Avorld says he has grown miser ly, but it little recks that every penny saved is in atonement for the wrong he has done, and that he is striving befere he dies to amass the income of the years during which he kept his t\vin brother out of his rights. It is said that Cuthbert Merrion's daughter will be the richest heiress of the season, and that she will Avear the Merrion diamonds Avhen she makes her courtesy to the Queen. THE END. 