A Soldier's Secret; l i .by CA1?T." CIIAS. KING ? j HCfAPTERVYII -(Continuod)._ Outbreak has followed outbreak, cam-; paig?nh has 'followed campaign, .each marked .by bitter losses in many a regi-; mont,; each, swelling, the list of they ,widowed and the fatherless, each ter mnisated by the final surrender of hostile' hands satiated with the esmmer's'slaugh. I ter and shrewd enough to know that they have only to wave the white rag of anubi~s son to be restored to'public con. fidsopo, end double' rations. Sltep aside now, gentlem aon of the army, bury your. dead, patch uji ypur wounds, go back to ybor stations anrd tread y 'for another' shindy in the spr:flq. "..You have had your 'annual outing; -e Indian oiily his first innings. 'Now contes his second,. Now the bureau takes hi'ld, and-away. go the prominent loaders.of. the red 're-' volt in the "annual pilgrimage~,the an nual starring tour thrc'qgh the ocnt,.and the sentimentalists swar~ te meet tben, and wheresoever they stop'eosts of oar I follow, citizens'.. throng to 'mile upon 1 them, eager to clasp and shake ohe hands that less tban"a month ago were ioeking witth the blood of mutilated soldiery. for whom desolate women and bereaved N ,i tie ones are wailing hopelessly today. Go on in your triumphal circuit; rd' brothers Rain-in-the-Face, ThundIr Bear,;Bli?card Hawk. Rejoice ih the sunshine of your prosperity; go btack to your.new lodges and unload your chests of plunder., the free will off!rings of : your psletaoced kindred. The war has, I nemade you. rich. Your squaws and chil dreii revelin food and.finery galore, and should supplies begin to slacken up a lit itle with the coming of another springl shoot your agent, carry off .his wife ?and 'daughters, and start in for anothersum mar of fun. As foryou, weeping wide* and.children of. Captain Bomething-I've. 'furgotten his name-shot from ambush by'the Bioni last fall, got back to.the east as best you can,,dry your tears,'and be happy. on twenty dollars a month ' It's what one must, expect in marring into the army."' g 'And now thelast of the blue column has passed through 'the western gate, and a thiong of comrades; surges after, every man. in the garrison, not other- d wise' on: duty, trudging down through the mist and mud to .see Berrien's bat- f tallonto the waiting train. The 'guard springs to arms and falls in lino-tlie guard whom Brewster was to have re lieved at, eight a. m.--and again the 'major lowers his saber in aclmowledg ment of their salute, and so, down the winding, road, tramp, tramp, steadily, cheerily,' even joyoesly, they go. and ' me oroaupacrue aouve id ioneut ano uer sorted. Women'are sobbing in one an- c other's arms, and Mrs. Borrien, seated st an upper"window looking out to the west, is'stroking Winifred's glossy, rip plingtrins+Winifred, 'who, kneelingi hhs buried her tear stained face in her mother's lap,,: Painter 'and fainter the martial strains come floating up from the wobded valley.' The band is play ing another quickstep now, its prelude full of 'vim and life ,and spirit, and then--, What strange inspiration has posse?dsod the Ie?nerrt-Lftse,,i-ru.s..- _ Winifred raises her head and looks one instant with dilated eyes into her moth er's. pallid,'quivering facet then, cover ing her ears with her slonder 'hands, 'burrowing again into her mother's lap, she bursts into a passion of tears. Listonl Sweet, soft, sad, the beautiful notes of 'the thrioo baoutiful old song are wafted upi' on';the gentle beese, .:. God ,to how many a .breaking heart, how many aft world worn, weary, yearning soul bas it. not spokeni ., ? Lovse not, love not, ye hapless sons of clas. It is too much for Mrs, Berrien, Brave, self controlled, uncotopaining as she has.been through it all, this is test, be yond 'her strength. Down. comes the wiidow with sudden clash, and then, 0 drawing her daughter to her breast, e cl4spi' h.er' in her loving, sheltering arms, the mother heartm gives way, them sorrowwis wife bows her head, and. ej.om{ing to and fro in worldleas grief, mingles her tears with those of her 'be a loved child.' Cheer upon cheer oomes swelling on the morning air. Cheer follows cheer as Bersien's men return the soul stirring, soldierly goodby. Guidone wave from o the thronging platforms. Bronzed faces q peer trun every winhow. Hate and forage caps are to?sing on high?. Men rush alongside the slowly starting trainfc for one last handolasp of the departing comrades, The echoos ring to the rol licking notes of 'their old charging, 7 fighting tune. The. trumpets answer mfroa the crowded oars, The sun bursts through the eddying mist and streams h in glorious radiance upon the scene. All here at the station throbs with soldier b song and spirit and enthusiasm, but o above-above, where in mourntql pro- , monition one poor army wife is weeping a over three little ourly heads pillowed in a her straining arms, there comes nosounil of soldier triumph, no echo of sildier song. Sunshine and stirring musio fol- . low .the swiftly speeding .tra, baa afl is aerk and desolate now where glanss elgned but a day gone by. S CH?. PEB YII, ".:. ' 'l etters'fromntbefronei Wheeatr 'I aInd comfort they bringl-for evmy I writer seems bent on convirnoing tlbs anxidous Oes at home that there is no danger and little dislomfort, after all. Telegrams and brief notes have been ' ..y4 .tu er sne?e te tlepasrurse o the.regiment, but now the two bat talions are reunited under Farquhar's acommand; they have got shaken down 5 into a species of winter cantonment t with a goodlynumberof comrade troops and troopers frotn the threatened de Spartment. The weather has not been unusually severe thus far, Men and horses stoodthe trip admirably, and no body growled at stiffened flngers and Srod noses and benumbed feetas they rode in long column from.the railway to the i' agenoy,, and, now that fuel has been ~ lugged up in abundance and fur cape S.aiid~blizcard 'coats" sro coming and the I Iidi'iard~ verin g about the camps seoeml • deoply iorsmes with-tle namnbers and & resdrinesb f'ttht i whlttsoldiers ann all i promises well, the letters grow longer S and moreqfieqloet .i 1 .J i:Uc "It to my brother." ..."wo are oong er rate, Bes dear, wrote Berrien. "and all are hopeful that .withtho surrounding of the big bana of hostiles in, the Bad.River vIpey the most uncertain feature: f ne' business is at an end. If thiy can be quietly herded in to the reirvation and induced to give .up a, their arms and ponie, therewill ? no further trouble. . The health smd spirit of the regiment are exa cellit,, and, while I hopo no emergency iill arise, I can bet that if there should ,bOs ehindy the Twelfth.will give; good 'account of itself. Farquhar keeps'us on ',e alert and there is no rusting. GOa. ham has Joined from leave, so that Breas'ter, to his Infinite disgust I doubt not, hes had to fall' ick tosecond place. He'and tolfe are about the only gloomy spirits in 'he command, and of Brewster I see very litle. . Ever since the episode Sof.which I toy~ you and her most iganifi cant.appearandp at the depot In town while we were; ?si switched to the -'---s*-i t se I have not felt lilU naving anyumgFOrQa hlua. nfow do you supposo shbtd pf oar move, since she left the'hp before any one know of it? There fe few other ladies there, I admit, for they were still with us when the orders came, and it had cleared by the tim we reached the depot She, however, seemed to hang on to him and nobody elsoeto the very last. I am distressed at vhat you tell me about Winifred, and the more I think of it the more I am dispceed to urge your in. stant iaceptance of Miss Guthrie's in. vitation. It will be the very best anti dote I know, of--a few weeks in St. Louis society-if she has indeed, as you fear, become interested in him.. Go by all means; it will do you good-d~ Win itred a world of good (got her some now gowns, and take in all the parties and all the gayety'you possibly can), and iti will be.a good thing for' Miss' Guthrio to , . . 1 . i' . 1 ; ( - :' , : ' . '. 'i " , '.! "Now, ,,this, i. strictly., ontre nous;. Holden is worried about her, and in' course of a long talk we had last night; he showed zme, a letter just received from'Mrs.Holden. 'Of course she is all upset by his having to take the field,. and wants to leave the children with her mother' -id l omne up'here tohimi,. bat she cotudn't be in camp and there isn't a roomi to be had at the railway station.' The place is .just crammed with newspiper'.men and quartermas ter's people.- ,Mn. Holden writes that ever since the nigt of that queer ad venture of hers at the fort Nita has 'been- lunilrt herself-strange, nervous, almost hysterical at times.',. She will permit no allusion to it, and seems striving to forget it all. Shogoesevery where, morning, noon and night, but looks haggard and ilL I gather from what Holden said that, as yor once eur misod; there was an old aflair which? may have had something to do with her . persistent refusal of every cdfor; but what that could have had tc do with. her fright at Pawnee I cannot Imagina Holden agrees with me, howerer, that it Would ie a capital thing if nu and' Winnie would pay her the t she urges; so agati, I say, go by all ean.. "By the way, I wish you woun run. over and ee Mrs. Thorpe as otn as you can. Her letters have a depr?sing effoet on te captain. He tells nk. the only insurnce he has in all the worl?is in the Army mutual but three thousana dollars would: hardly pay their debta\ and take oare of them for a year if any thing were tojbappen to him. Don't be alarmed by "owspaper stories of the lighted skies 4d howling ghost dancers. Indians will dine all nighton any prov ocation, and bur fires light the skies quite as muchas theirm. Sergeant Ellis, who volunteered to push through with" dispatches to. BDller's command' someL where on the other side of the Bad SLands, got back all right this morning,, and says be had hardly any difficulty in working a way through the hostiles.. That fellow, I think, is going to make a. name for himelf in this campaign. He : is always ready for anything that turns. "I hear 'that Brewster' and Ridgeway hare bd a row and do not speak. Some of the boysknow what it's all about, but wont tell ma Do you knowt Now, niles you wire to the contrary, I shall addrras my ner are of Hoa. Warre L. Ratubr.t, Louis." ' ' ?in reiyon got a letter. e was: now commandtngofeer of the post. and asi unreouuiliut in Ilia ttloughitiiueaet mnd attention to the householde of the absent ofioers. It was Rolfe who wroteA S' im, and Kenyon was well nigh at tlaSeita' end in the endeavor to conjeo-' Mnre wht it all moaut. "You ro.oeumbor my saying I could'" Bnd that stoles picture' f I could but' hbi6 authority tb iarch onoroom at'the', ppst. It is my convioeton still that the. maI who goes by the nami of Ellis was:, the thief.. He had a loo box a the post-; office in town, numbor twenty-a?eo,.' and letters have been forwarded to hit, here by the postmastor, two of whlht:N were not addressed to Sergeant Eia or' to G. B. Ellis, Twelfth cavalry, hat to Ralph Erroll, box twenty-three. When.. he returned from detached service this. tmorning the sergeant major handed him, his mail and asked him it these addi tional letters were his.. He turmed red, then pale, but said yes Both these were from Louisville,as I happen to know?; both were addressed in the same hand that of an educated woman-and there, is no doubt in my mind that this Ellis or ErrollU, ha.screw, loose in hiarecord.; Brewator.knows samethieng of'hi past,S but refuses to tell. It is of vital impor tnacetoame to fIndoutiwVh and what ha is, fto I iehive liit tohave en'ilty of a critso Ijiside'which tho theft of tlat; iutnfoas io itliis:.'.'" ':: - 