[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] SUPERIOR SHORT STORIES,. BY FAVOURITE AUTHORS. THE CAPTAIN'S SWEET HEART, R. ASHE KING, ("BASIL") Author of Lee the Debt," "A Drawn Game c, &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] -+ CHAPTER I. " Well, of all places to find you ! But how did you get here, Miss Fitzgibbon ?"" Kath, who had been seated on a boulder sketching a ruined castle in grim keeping with its surroundings, rose with a blush of pleasure, and perhaps also of the consciousness of the greatness of her pleasure, to greet him. a " You really have come," she said, in a voice like the rippling of water under moonlight. It was the exquisite music of her voice which had thrilled and enthralled him even more than her Irish eyes grey-blue, deep and shimmering as the sea under the Italian sky-at their first meeting six we ks since. " Could I help it ?" he answered, timidly and almost tremulously so much more than a compliment did he mean by the words. "I did not know whether you could get leave," she rejoiced, in some confusion. " I should almost have resigned if it had been refused, he said in ha If- jest,, the earnest. " The Navy is saved !" she said, having had time now to recover her compo- sure, after her shock of pleasant surprise. " Only by the skin of its teeth though for I was as near breaking my precious neck climbing up here as any man ever was. How on earth did you manage it ?" " You don't mean to say you climbed the cliff ?" she gasped, dropping the sketch-book she had been in the act of picking up, and facing him in horrified. amazement. " There was no other way that I could. see, unless for birds-and angels." " Oh !" she exclaimed, in a long breath,, turning instinctively towards the cliffs " What a frightful thing to do 1" I thought it was the only way up till' I saw you." " But how did you know, I mean what put it into your head to climb up here at all ?" " I heard you had gone to sketch The Haunted Headland I was directed to this grim ruin as the place." "And did you think those who built it climbed up the cliff with the stones ?" " I didn't think about it at all, or about anything but"-" yon," he was going to say, but changed it diffidently to ''finding; you." " Then you thought I had climbed up. the cliff !" " But how on earth did you get up as" he asked, looking all round in bewilder- ment. " You'd never find the way without a guide," she answered, shaking her head. " But I'll show you, and take you home and introduce you to my people. But you've been there ?" " Only to the door to ask for you, when I was sent on here." " They didn't know you were a stranger or they would have sent someone to show you the way. It's horrible to think of" you climbing that cliff," she cried with a. shudder. "Oh, all sailors, cats and monkeys climb. But don't let us go yet ; you have your sketch to finish, and besides, I'd like to have a look round after that climb." "Of course you must do the Haunted Hold ; it's safe enough by daylight." " Do you really believe it's haunted ?"' " it will sound to you very silly ; but I do. I know that one man who slept there through bravado was found dead in the morning without any marks of violence upon his body." " A murderous ghost ! That's quite a new species," he said, laughing. "But the man whose ghost haunts it was a kind of professional murderer of sailors. He was the only wrecker Ireland " ever produced, and made a kind of lying lighthouse of the old Hold. One night,, however, some sailors, who had escaped being dashed to pieces against the cliffs, by a miracle, saturated his clothes with spirits (of which he had some casks from wrecks stored in a cave) dragged him to the top of the Hold, and set him on fire on the spot where he had fired his. wrecker's lights for years. "He must have a special grudge against sailors." " The man who was found dead here in the morning was a sailor." " Well you mustn't be offended if I say that I shouldn't mind sleeping here to-night with this," he said, showing his revolver. "What made you bring that?" she asked in a tone almost of annoyance. " Why ? Do you mind it I shall leave it overboard, then," he said and with sailor-like recklessness and impulsiveness he would really have flung the weapon over the cliff, if she had not caught his arm. " No, no, don't ; I don't mind it in the least ; but I can't bear people coming here as if it were the centre of Africa, and they were in danger of being murdered at every step. "The papers said something of your being in a disturbed state down here ; but you never can believe a word these fellows say. Their account of the Manouvres would make a cat laugh." "In a disturbed state ! Because of a few horrible moonlighters ! If they were called what they really are corner boys no one would think anything of them. " Oh, I suppose charge are rough everywhere; and nowhere worse than in England," he answered, to appease her, and she was appeased. Then he helped her up the broken steps of the old castle, though she was as agile as a chamois and could have skimmed nip them in half the time unaided ; but the sense of the iron strength of his hand was almost as delightful to her as the sense of her dependence upon his support was to him. After they had reached the. top and admired the magnificent vie^.thfr;-T. Jaík^jbyisome¡odd_fa^ ! his horrible life and death. Again Kath protested her firm belief in the ghost, and again Harry Maitland protested that not even her conviction could shake his utter disbelief in ghosts. "Well, look here," he said at last, " would it convince you if I spent to- night here, and turned up all right at your place to-morrow r" I'm a sailor, and a Sassenach sailor at that, and the old scoundrel would go for me if he went for anyone." '* Don't talk of such a thing as' she cried, even more horrified t had she had been at hearing of his climbing the cliff. ' And when he was proceeding to continue the subject she begged him to change it, and rose with a shudder to quit the Hold. He still kept hold of the hand. by which he had helped her down, for a moment or two after they had reached the bottom, and he would then and there have proposed to her, if she had not exclaimed with almost an fretful nervousness " Oh, do let us get out of this horrible place!" In truth she expected what was coming, and was happy in the expectation, but had a superstitious dread of its coming upon her in this ghonlisU place. He, however, with a sailor's diffidence and ignorant awe of the sex, understood her to fight shy of love making altogether, and was desperately dejected thereby. Dropping her hand he followed her out of the cold into the dazzling sunlight, as into black, black darkness. He was quite knocked over by what seemed to him in his sensitive diffidence, a delicate but definite rebuff, and walked on by her side \- in absolute and awkward silence. Of course, to a woman's eye everything that was passing in his mind was legible in his face and Kath made what timid efforts she could to remove the misunderstanding, She recalled their first meeting at the horse show, and all their after dis- sipations-yachting, picnicing, &c;, &c.; by which a mere acquaintance had been forced in a few weeks into such a sweet and glowing flower of intimacy. Not so much what she spoke of as the sweet . appeal in her face, and in the exquisite music of her voice in speaking of it, raised again somewhat his courage and his spirits by the time they had reached the extraordinary fissure in the cliff which led down by a steep, but perfectly practicable path to the wreckers cave. Here again she accepted his unnecessary help and he almost fancied that he felt an appreciable pressure of her little hand in acknowledgment of his help, when they reached the wreckers cave. Here she explained to him that the approach was practicable only when the tide was out ; but that, when it was in the sea dashed against the cliff to a height of five or six feet above the" low entrance of the cave. By this time he had so far recovered his spirits as to begin to hope again, but not again to the degree of daring yet to '* Pat it to the tour i. To pain or lose it all." It was not until they had just reached The Crow's Nest," Kath's home, that she discovered the loss of her sketch-book. She then remembered that she was pick- ing it up when Harry's startling announcement of having climbed the cliff made her drop it again. it Oh," she exclaimed, " I have forgotten my sketch-book ! How stupid of me !" " I shall fetch it," he cried, eagerly. " Oh, no ; pray don't. It's worth nothing really ; besides, the tide is coming in. Pray don't think of it," she urged, eagerly, as he appeared bent upon going. It was not without great difficulty that she succeeded at last in dissuading him from going ; but the plea, put almost in plain words, that she would much rather have his company for the rest of the afternoon than recover the sketch- book, prevailed with him, and they continued their walk to " The Crow's Nest." Here her father, a genial old boy, who, upon the strength of having crossed the Channel more than once in a little yacht of his own, always spoke as though he had been to the North Pole, received him with a boisterous welcome. He assumed the loud voice, peremptory manner, and even (though the mildest of men the irascible temper of an old skipper. Ex- ceeding was his delight (being a man of great natural benevolence) to instruct a Lieutenant of the Royal Navy in the art of navigation, tactics, &c.; ; but the gratification was not mutual. Poor Harry, who had a lover's monomaniacs! longing for converse with his adored one, could hardly hear at intervals even the sound of her voice as she talked with her sister, so loud were the old salt's accents of instruction. Now and again Harry would steal a look of the most pathetic appeal to her which troubled her, but threw her sister (though she was herself in love and engaged) into fits of heartless laughter. This young lady, however, was anything but heartless or unsympathetic, but the disproportionate agony expressed in Mr.' Maitland's face naturally tickled uncontrollably her keen sense of humour. She had been so long and universally known as "Dick," that I really believe her real Christian name whatever it might be, was forgotten by her own family ! Dick was at last moved by such anguish as would have stirred the S.P.C.A. to intervention, to say "Captain the irreverent title by which she always called her father of Captain, do let Kath and me have a little bit of Mr. Maitland. I want to teach him how to suck eggs and Kath how to too like a sucking dove." " Dick !" exclaimed Kath, painfully shocked by this bold and even course form of badinage. What would Harry think of her sister, what of herself, and her wish to teach him to too Dick, go to your room !" roared her father, in stentorian tones, without, however, having the least expectation, or, indeed, wish, that she should obey him. 5\. I suppose an old salt like me may give a young 'un a wrinkle without being told that he is teaching his grandmother to suck eggs. Eh ?" he shouted to Harry. " It's very good of you sir, and very good, too, of Miss-Miss Dick to adopt me as a grandmother I hope I may be allowed some of the privileges of the relationship." " But then you will be Kath's grandmother also, and what saith the Book of Common Prayer ? A man may not-" Poor Kath rose in the keenest distress and shame and cried on the brink of tears " You have no sense of decency !" Then and only then did it occur to Dick that Harry had not yet proposed ! interpreting his yearning, woeful looks at Kath to be those of an accepted lover, and knowing that she would herself have come to an understanding with a young gentleman so palpably and hopelessly in love as Mr. Maitland, in a tenth of the time at her sister's disposal that afternoon, she had no doubt till now of their engagement. Now, however, she did doubt it and was thoroughly ashamed of herself not by any means a usual state of mind with her. I will go to my room and stay here I'm sure I deserve it," she cried, penitently Harry, who was furious at the sight of Kath's distress, and also at the thought that this outburst of Dick's endangered his chances, rose to go. " What before dinner ?" roared the " Captain," iu amazed offence. "I thought you had come to stay. Your room has been waiting ready for these three weeks. Eh? What? What?" But Harry hardly heard, so thrilled was he with delight at sight of the wistful, appealing look in Kath's eloquent. "It's very kind of you," he said addressing the " Captain," but unable to take his eyes of Kath. " I shall just go to the hotel to get my traps, if you'll allow me." " Not before dinner, my boy ; not before dinner. Dick, see after dinner. Eh ?" " All right, Captain and you see about the yacht, while Mr. Maitland has a rest after climbing that cliff." "What! God bless my soul! You don't say you climbed the wrecker's cliff ! Phew ! By George I remember when I was a lad no higher than that table-" Here ensued a prolix description of his own climbing feats in his boyhood, which quite defeated Dick's penitential intentions to make an opportunity for a proposal now certain and imminent. All dinner time the Captain roared his feats, tales and instructions into the unfortunate Harry's ears and dinner over, he insisted with perfectly diabolical cruelty in carrying his guest down to see the yacht. After their departure Dick ran over to Kath and kissed her an amazing piece of feminine effusiveness from her. " Kath, do forgive me. How could I help thinking it was all settled? He had no business to look at you as if every one else who spoke to you was trespassing upon his property, unless he had proposed and been accepted. What on earth have you been doing with yourself all the morning that you have kept him worked up to the brink of explosion? If he hadn't those fine eyes of his for a safety-valve he'd have gone off before us !" CHAPTER II. Dick's sympathy with her sister was quickened by the return of the *' Captain" without Mr. Maitland, but with her own affirmed lover in tow. The present holder of this insecure and harassed post was the local doctor, a young gentleman whose natural buoyancy and flippancy were reduced like gas under tremendous pressure to a relatively dense and sluggish condition in the presence of his exacting, im- perious, and draconic mistress. To-night, however, he was chained as a hopeless galley slave to her father's side ; since the " Captain " must needs explain to him at length all the points of seamanship and strategy on which he had just enlightened the benighted Lieutenant in the Royal Navy. It was deafening as the letting off on Saturday of steam from a boiler that had done already its week's work. " What have you done with Mr. Maitland, Captain ?" " Maitland ? Pooh ! the fellow takes interest in nothing He hardly looked at the yacht, he was in such a hurry to fetch his traps. These modern Navy fellows know no more about seamanship that! a fly on the wheel knows about driving. It's all engine-driving, sir ; all engine-driving, and bad at that." He was then proceeding to recount all ironclads' misadventures through mis- management that he could remember, when Dick again interrupted him to ask : " Is he coming back to-night?" ' "Who ? Maitland ? I suppose so ; he was in such a -- hurry to cut away that I hadn't time to ask him anything." Whereupon both girls had a wretched misgiving that the long-suffering Lieutenant would never come near the house again in his horror of a tete-a-tete with the " Captain," and in his despair of any other tete-a-tete being allowed him. Though Kath gave no expression to this misgiving, Dick, seeing it in her face, answered it. " He mayn't come back to-night, as he'll want time to recruit after three boats of that but he's certain to return to-morrow." "Oh, I wish you hadn't said that, Dick !" was all Kath replied, but there was the despair of a lover in her voice, which, like the despair of a child, never sees beyond the eternal blackness of the present moment. " That about not being allowed to marry his grandmother ? It was idiotic ; but it did no harm really. Kath ; he was about ing you with his eyes all dinner time, till I felt inclined to ask him if I might have the pleasure to help him to a bit of you, I am sure Topsy never looked at me like that," she moaned in a lamentable voice Topsy being Dr. Erasmus Horsford, who had succeeded in her affections a deceased pet lady-dog of that name. " By Jove, what a rage he'll be in by this ! He'll poison the Captain some day, as sure as you live." (To be continued on Tuesday.) 