Mr. B1ggles's Con version. BU Gs'osvecnor Bunstee, "Ghosts I" sneered Mr. Buggles, "balh I rot humbug I Figments of the imagina tion, my dear sir- disordered digestion, queer liver and so on, Iknow. Why, air, my wife, poor girl, used to any when she was in a temper (as she usually was), used to say that it shite died first absho'd haunt me. Haunt metr hal hal hal Poor girl, poor silly girl 1" Mr. Buggies was sitting over his wine witlh three or four cronies,. In the gloom of the evening, the fitful gleams of the fire had suggested to one of the guests the idea of ghosts. lie was a tall, lean,sepulchral sort of man with a voice that seemed to issue from some hollow drum, anri altogether one of those persons who, we should be naturally disposed to think, was given to supernatural fanicis. Moreover, he drank gin. Hiis name was Jubbs. "Well, I don't know," said Mr. Jubbs. " Perhaps some of these day's she'll keep her word," "Eh ?" cried Mr. Buggles, setting down the glass which he was in the act of rising to hiolips. " Ehl?" "I say that perhaps she'll keep her word." "Pooh, pooh," said Mr. lBuggles. " Don't talk like an ass, Jubbs. Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and-oh-so on, should talk like that." " Well," said a hleavylooking man named Jinks, "I don't know," and he drank oil his glass of port, "There's no telling," observed a small man with spectacles at the other eandl of tlhe table. " Shakespeare tells us that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosoplhy." "Slhakespeare," said Mr. Buggles com placcantly, "was a-a-fool." Mr. Buggles was not the first person in the world who had given utterance to this opinion. In the reign of the George tihe Third intellect, " Shakespeare is poor stuff," and the George the Third intellect is the average ordler. Mr. Jinks and Ur. Jubbls felt aggrieved. But when a man is dining with nnothler he is, of course, compelled to keep his opinions to himself. It was not urntil they were walking through Fitzroy 'Sardens on their homeward way that the3 expressed them celves very strongly about Mtr. Iugglos'ruile methodi of disposing of a debateabie question. " If it hadn't been I was sitting tlhere as his guest,"said Jinks, "I'd ha' told him what I thought of him." "Tell you what," said Jubbs, "it would serve him right to give him a scare." "It wouldi. It we could raise thle ghostof his wife now. 'Poor woman, no wonder she died." " We'll do it," cried the other with en. thusiasm. " We'll do it. Confound the fellow with Iris self-opinionated airs. I'd like to see Ihim taken down a peg." Whereupon the two friends there and then resolvedl that the thing should be doie, con. vinced that it would be the more easy of accomplishment, inasmuch as eachl instuinet. ively felt that Mr. Ugglies was a rank im poster, rind like most bodies, an arrant cowardl. Time passed, and Buggles still maintained his defiont attitude as to the existence of ghosts. Nevertheless he had latterly been somewhat r.agitrated by sundry arnd divers eccentric noises arnd movements around and alout his house, which was a comfortablle habitation in Fl'itzroy, standingin n goodly garden and hackedl by a considerable fielil wherein an Alderney cow grazedl. Now this cow lhadl latterly exhlilbiterl some evidence of aberrations of intellect. She would begin to bellow for no ascertainably reason about midnight, andil if not lcred urp in tihe stable wourldl tear urorund the enclosure furiosily. IBuggles cinsultedl a veterinary surgeon, who examirned the animal, and pronounced her as healthy a cow as any in existence. "TThen what makes her fly around at night andil bellow fit to raise the roof oil?" cried Iluggles, irritably. "Dashed if I can tell," said the Vat., Sunless something frightens her. Maybe," he added, jocularly, "a ghost is around, and it don't agree with her." This was a joke, but it struck Biuggles, not only as a had one, but as one uncon seciously aimed at his hleteroldox notions in the subject of ghosts. le told the Vet, that lhe tallked like a fool, but as he pulal that worthy a guinea, the impertinence wras pocketed witllh the cow-complacenrtly. lBut this was not all. Contremporauouursly with the cow movement, therer were otrer signs "I' the air" of suplrernatural hiigh Jinks. IEvery eat in tire neighborhood' seemed to he arnimated by some irnterest of unusual character. They scattered about the roof, moaning anild spritting fearfully. Thie hboolinrgot mopehawks could ire heard;:l while dismal moanings outside Buggles' bedroom window, and sometimes a weird but suppressed shriek added to these fear some episodles. As for the watcrhdog, he yelped, and hrowledr, andl byed, anil harkedl until he grew as hoarre as a ravenr. And Bug. lows began to be nervous, Ie put tihe servants on watch, and got a policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good; the cow enat on as before, as did the ctae, so did thue moperawvko,so did the dog, and tihe moans and screams did not cerse. It was getting serious. Bu,5cea hlad to drink an extra glass or two of toddly every night to steady hris nerves. He went so far as to speak to his friends, with alfected jocularity, about these matters. But they looted grave; Jinks shoot his heaed solemn. ly, and Jubb's repeated Shakespeare's lines reilectively.. "W'ell, i'll end it somehow," said Bouggles one starlit but rough night, as he sat listen. ing to themoaning ofl the wind, nrld tihe rat tling of the window shrtrtrs. ' There i There goes that darned cow again, and and-" A mournful cry was lheardl, as from one in great agony, and just close to the house. Buggiles shook. "If it hbe irosible, after all," hie muttered, "and she has kept iher word I Perhaps I didn't treat her over and above well sometimlsa," Bomestimres I The late lamented Mrs. Bag. gles had led such a life that death must have benu welcome to her. A faint consciousness of this circumstance added to the terrors which now began to take hold upon Dir. Ulgglee' imagination. " I'll sell the place I" he muttercd, "and that cow shall be slaughtered tomorrow. Gracious I how that dog is barking. I can't stand it; anything is better than this sus. pcnose. I'll face it, whatever it is." And ho buttoned ufhis coat, and clapped his but upon his head with an air of manful deterrmination. Seizing tihe irst weapon at hand-it happened to be a hammer which hoe was in the habit of using to crack geolo. gical specilmens (for he dabbled in science, did Bugglsor)-lie issued forth into the garden. This lie traversed. Nothing was to be seen, and it was with a firmer step and stouter heart that ihe passed into the field. The cow was stabled, but she was lowing mourn. fully. As I have said, the night was clear, but the gush of wind whichi passed the hfield and bent and swayed the trees therein, moaning the while, lent an uncanny influence to the time and scene. Again Mr. iBuggles'.spirits fell, andi a creepy feeling came over him. He shiveredl, paused, and was about to turn back, when his eyes fell upon an object, the night of which made him jump into the air like an acrobat, dropping his hammer in the action. And then he stood stock still, paralysed by fear, and gazing with eyes that started from their scckets, and saua pendedl breathing at the thing before him. It was a figure of a woman, clothed from Ihead to foot in a white garmont, which covered her arms close into her body. Buggles could not recognise the features because they also were covered, bht his ex. cited imagination and accusing conscience rovealed to him that the figure woas that of his dead wife, and that without doubt she hadl kept her word and had come from the buades to haunt him thus. The figure did not move, Fave that it swayed in the wind in whichl its ghostly garments fluttered ever and anon. Mr. Iugglices gazed until his knee gave away, and at Ilst, with ia souppressed shriek, he fell to the groundl insensible. How long lie lay thus I do not know. When he recovered hlimscelf and sat uip, and turnedi his eyes fearfully towards the spot upon which he hadl seen the apparition it was gone. He crawled backl fearfully to the house, let himself in with a latch-key, and repairing to a spirit closet, swallowedl a vast glass of btrandly ; then lie crept to bad. But no sleep came to him. The gruesome sight hie hadl looked upon haunted him through the night, and for many a night thereafter. IBut, singularly enough, from that night the trouble ceased. The cow ceased to bellow, the cats banished their toncorts to just and natural proportions, the watch.dog noii, longer barked his tailofi. And, though Bloggles set some stout fellows on the watch none of thenm ever saw the ghost. As for the mopelawks,, everybody sniggeretl when Bluggles spoke about them. Maote banks in the centre of Fiteroy-pooll I ridiculous I IHowever, Mr. Boggles' experienc had a very salutary effect upon ihis mind antd man. nor. Hie nio longer argueld with such dog imatie oiTensiveness, and, to the surprise of his friends, would listen to the most extra. ordinary statetments with an air of credullity and humbllt e trust, wholly differernt to tI:t self-assertive manner with which lie bad been won't to dlispute matters beyond his ken. Altoetlier hle was a changetd man, and Jlubband .i links plumed thlemseives upon tihe success and effects of their plans, with very good reason. For it was indeed to their ingenious ins vention that the rimatter was to he tracedi. The veterinary surgeon who hadl been called in by Mr. Iuggles to inspect the cow was in the secret. It was Ite who suppliled certain herbs which, partaken of by the animal being dlroplped into the field during the tday -brought about spasms about midnight. Herc bellowings were but an expression of pain; but, no Mlr. litggleso couldl not read cow langlsge lie had been utnable to intler pret thesT. As for the cats, the wiched con spirator hail gathered tthem far and wide, encasedl their claws in wannlit shells, tierid their tails tocethler, anti othtcrwie cauisel them to contribute to the thubi,. (Ofi coursc, all this rmadei tihe idog bark, while the mnopuhawkls were timitlnated very easily. Ant. futrther, the tigure which had cearrl Mr. Iuiggles sir dreadlfully was rntihine mot:., lthan a fshionr-framte ouch ao linendraperis iuse: to exhibit ladies' tdresses. lThe thing. after all, was very simple, ibut it hadil been condutcted with ouch caution that noblndv hald been enabled to make it out, or explst the frand. And, as thie result hail beenr so happy, Jirhns antd iJublbs consoled tueisselves tit thit reflection that the endl sometimes does, indeed,justify the means. 