THE SER7ICE. I There was a large congregation at the first of tho mission services conductd by* the Rev. Thomas Coolc.at tho We3leyan church yesterday, and the service was of a very earnest character. The evangelist in reading the lesson for the day, adopted the method, seldom seen in churches, of explaining the meaning of the different passages. He preached in an earnest and impressive manner and -at times, warming under the influence of his sub ject, his face was alight with a, glow of religious fervour, and his delivery in creased in rapidity. The preacher chose as his text St. Luke 16th. chapter : portion of 25th. verse. But Abraham said : « Son remember. ' Mr. Cook said : I am not here to . ad vise whether the portion of - Scrip ture from which I take my text is a parable or a historic narrative of some particular individual. But the teaching is the same so for as my subject is con cerned. My subject is plainly this : the memory of earthly scenes will be re tained in eternity. We shall be able in the world to. come to recall scenes and events of earth. The memory of our life here will have very much to do with our heaven or hell in the world to come. In other words every man is now sowing the seed of the harvest he will reap through out the countless ages of eternity ; every man is now making or marring his own future ; we shall be in eternity just what we nave made ourselves. Proceeding, the evangelist said that though the soul changed its residence at death, none of its powers, memory, conscience, etc., were impaired ; it would take those powers into the other world. ' If I am to main tain my identity in the other world I must take my past with me,' he said. Take away from a man his past and de prive him of the memory, and how could he maintain his identity ? There could be no experience without memory. A man could not take his past with him without memory, so memory would accompany him to the other world. Their souls would carry their memories into the' next world. . There they would be able to recall the past, the memory of which would either bless or sting them with remorse throughout eternity. On the great Judgment Day they must appear before the great white Throne of God to be judged in the com pleteness of their human history, when the hidden secrets of their whole lives must be brought into view—' Every idle word,' the Master said. How could a man give an account of his earthly deeds if he had forgotten them 1 The record of the past was kept and registered, and would be dug up and reproduced on the great Judgment Day like the ruins of Pompeii. Proceeding, the preacher said ' God can lay His hand, at any moment, upon any sin in your lives, and later, ' 1 can imagine a man at the Day of Judg ment disputing some of the events that took place during his lifetime.' He then showed, by several illustrations, how, on the Judgment Day, our past lives would be brought vividly before our minds. Anything we had ever done or said was not lost — it was all there. ' You talk about having poor momories now,' con tinued Mr. ' Cook, 'but when you come to stand before the great white throne of God, there you will have long memories. You will have to give an account of yourselves.' There was something pecu liarly sorrowful that on the judgment day every man would have to tell. the story of his own life, and stand con demned or otherwise by his own utter ances, for ' Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant.' ' I hope,' said the evangelist earnestly, 'You will not be condemned out of your own mouths. What ? story will some in this congregation have to tell on that day in the presence of the assembled universe ? Think of it. I cannot imagine anything so terrible as a man looking back on a wasted life, especially when he sees what good he might have done during that life. God did not punish them for their sins any more than a parent punished a child for blow ing his eyes out by playing with gun powder. They punished themselves by bringing upon themselves the conse quences of their sins. Proceeding in the Bame strain, he showed that in the world to come the wicked would live a life of unhapp.iness, as the consciousness of their past lives put them out of harmony with the surroundings. He said ' I read in my Bible that in the world to come the righteous shall serve the Lord in His temple. I challenge any man 'to prove that the wicked will have anything to do in the world to come but to remember ; nothing to divert his mind, nothing to attract his attention. Hq will have to live one long monoton ous existence of idleness. Ask a convict what makes his life so hard ? He will answer that it is not the prison clothes and surroundings, but he will say, 'I am so .much alone.' Could they imagine anything so terrible as tho remorse of a man trying to forget the sins he had committed? The very effort brought them back with increased freshness to his mind. And could the lost spirit draw round it some magic circle, and say to the pale ghosts of sin ' keep off ?' They would not heed tho command, but would cast their terriblo shadows on that soul for ever.' Many a man knew what hell was before he got there. Poets sung of the pleasures of memory, but while many could tell of its pleasures more could tell of its agony. Remem-' bvance of the past brought remorse, and remorse was hell. When man frittered away his life in sin during the years he ought to be serving God, he was gather ing the fuel that fod tho fires that would burn for ever. Mr. Cook urged upon them the necessity of endeavoring to bring souls to Christ, reminding them that it would not bo so much for what they had done in their lives as what they had neglected to do. Ho said : ' Some in this congregation might say ? thank God this does not refer to me ; I have lived a life of uprightness and integrity ; I feel no sad memories of the past,' But he asked ' Can you say honestly thore is no spirit in the othor world you will blush to meet ? You say you havo no crimes which will rise up like gaunt spectres to haunt you, but as it with the rich man when the begger Lnzaras laid at his gates so it is now with many of us. It is not what the rich man had done, but what he had not done. Men look back ? on wasted lives that were once full of glorious possibilities and say, what a misfortune. The Bible described that sort of conduct as not a misfortune but a crime. 'You have only one life, ' continued the preacher, 'and my advice is ' Don't lose it.' Proceeding earnestly he said : When you stand before the white throne of God will you have to tell the story of u lost life or will you bring some golden sheaves to tho Master ? The preacher noxt illustrated the love of God by his willingness to forgive even at death's door those who had led lives of sin. A young man who was dying said to his medical attendant, ' Is it not a mean and contemptible thing-after serving the devil ail my life, to offer what is left to God.' ' It does seem a contemptible thing, answerod the doctor, ' but it is not meaner than to reject the love of Him who wants to save you.' And that love did save the young man. Concluding the evangelist said, 'God grant we may have golden sheaves to lay at tho Master's feet on the day of judgment ; God help the preacher, and those to whom he preaches.' In the afterNoon the Rev. Mr. Cook conducted a children's service, when there was a good attendance of the young folk. Another large congregation assembled in tho church in the evening, many of thoBe attending being members of other churches. The service was characterised by devotion and heartiness, a prominent feature being the fine singing of the choir. The Rev. Mr. Cook preached from the 19th ' chapter of St. Luke, basing his Bermon on the Jews' rejection of Christ. Describing Christ's triumphal entry into Jerusalem, the preacher said : ' In the midst of the triumph Christ weeps. Why. does he weep ? Surely tears were illsuited to such an occasion. But his mind was filled with thoughts of sorrow as he gazed into the dark future and saw the cloud of destruction that was spread over Jerusalem.' Mr. Cook next went on to speak of the re jection of Christ ' by the Jews, who believed in Him while they thought He led them to temporal prosperity. He showed that we in the present day had the same opportunities to serve Christ a3 the Jews had when He was on earth. But they rejected Him, saying, ' W e will not have this man to reign over us.' We had even greater opportunities than the Jews, for we had accumulated experience of 1800 years and their downfall ever before our eyes. ' God grant,' proceeded Mr. Cook, earnestly, 'we may not neglect these lessQns as the Jews did, until they are hid from our eyes.' The Gospel was full of peace, and taught us that man was rebelling against sin ; that God's face was against man's sin, but His heart went out towards the sinner. Sin was following their onyn wills against God's will ; sin set Heaven at defiance ; spurned divine authority, and treated God's government with contempt. Sin resisted law because it was law, and rebelled against God because, he had divine authority, Byron knew what he was talking about when he put into the mouth of' Cain in his conversation with Lucifer : 'I bend to neither God nor thee.' That was the real spirit of man. The man who sinned lifted his puny, arm in defiance against Heaven and said ' who i3 the Lord that I should serve him. What right has He to hem me in ? I will do as I like. ' He reminded his congregation that the Bible was their mediator between them and Christ. ' I am not here,' said the evangelist to vindi cate, and defend the Book, but no teach ing is more clear than that if man rejects Jesus Christ there is no hope for him. Many people said it was hard to be created sinners, but that was a libel against God. Man was created in the the image of God. and consented to fall. We had to chose between Christ and Barrabas. Our Barrabas had been some sin that we ought to forsake for Christ. ' Will I reject Christ for Barra bas ? ' All have power of Spiritual per ception and sensibility, but if they did not receive Christ these powers would be taken from them. Men sometimes de veloped a power of resistance against God until He could do no more. 'I have been, ' said the preacher,' ' to see men who were dying and unconverted. I ex pected to find them full of fear and alarm as they contemplated the next world. But instead of that I found a total indifference that made me tremble. They were sinking into hell blindfolded and I have heard their friends say ' He died like a lamb. ' He reminded his audience that there was a point in moral law, as there was in physical and organic, beyond which there was no recovery,- and that, in like manner a man would go on living in eternal sin until his character became fixed. ? And then, ' said Mr. Cook, Jesus Christ weeps ; He can do no more. I am here to-night to offer Christ toyou. Godwantsyouranswer. Will you accept His Son or roject him 1 To-night will you havo him to reign over you ? 