The -!oimet CuinniiBgs ON -PROFESSIONAL POLITICIANS. 'EXPERT TREASURY LOOTERS.' .. The following ? letter, . which was published in the Namoi Independent,. Gunnedah, was written by Cum mings, one of the two men exe-; cuted at Tamworth on Friday last for. the murder of Mr. M'Kay, the bank, manager at Barraba. It is a criticism on a political address delivered at Boggabri in February last, in the presence of Cummings, who moved a vote of thanks to the speaker, some of whose remarks, however, he criticised in a very trenchant and able manner. It will be seen from the style and con tents of this letter that Cumxnings was a -man o£ some education and literary ability, as well as a keen politician : , PEOFESSIONAL POLITICIANS. To the Editor N.I. Sir, — Civilization with all its boasted blessings is responsible for many atrocities, and, perhaps, chief among the curses cor relative with its progress are those protean plagues — professional politicians. Unlike professional 'pugs,' they are not to be 'choked off.' Defeat them, in one electorate, and their presuming audacity invariably carries them through to another. By some, this colossal cheek is speciously termed ' praiseworthy persistency in the public interests.' Among those who profess a reverent regard for this species of pro fessional parasites is Mr. ? . During the course of a very able address at Bogga bri on the evening of the 10th instant, he dealt with the question of 'professional/ versus ' amateur ' politicians, and while he deplored the presence of a great number of the Labor party in Parliament on account of their ' ignorance of parliamentary procedure, he averred that such men as Sir George Dibbs, Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Beid, and Mr. Barton were useful factors in our Parliament ; that their knowledge of political machinery rendered retention of their services a ' con stitutional . safeguard.' Bah ! Is the democracy of N. S. Wales come to this ? Surely the expression of such sentiments by a democrat of Mr. ? 's preten sions is enough to make one exclaim with Mephistopheles — These are the novelties the neatest Wherefrom the throat and harp-string streetest ine tones aroirna eacn otner twine. ? They're lost on me, these trinkling trickles; The sound my ear dram pats and tickles. Bat cannot reach this heart of mine. If Mr. ? did not pose as a democrat his political preference for such men as Parkes and Dibbs — men who forfeited any slaims they may have had to democracy by stooping to accept trumpery titles — would not call for special comment, but (and here lies the sting) being a pronounced demo srat, and a man of undoubted ability, his attitude as a political peacemaker between bhese titled turncoats and those who, on democratic principles, would fain see iihem consigned to ^political oblivion, is, to say the least of it, a rather uncompromising position for him as an avowed democrat and an announced candidate for our suffrages to be in. Leaving this view of the question, however, for Mr. ? to arrange between his conscience and the constituents of this district, it seems pertinent to ask just here what is, and ever has been, the result consequent upon the presence of professional politi cians in our parliaments? Has their knowledge of 'political machinery' been conducive to wise legislation ? Has it beeu productive of much or any special good in the councils of the State ? In a word, did any of the professional quartette re ferred to by Mr. ? , or any of their professional predecessors, ever do anything for the people of this colony which a like number of tolerably intelligent men (bul lock drivers say) under the same circum stances and with the same opportunities could not do? Most people will admit that it would not be an easy thing for even the most adept burglar to annex ,£1000 from the Treasury, quit the country, go to England, gain a title, and by way of emphasising the eclat of a wondering world, bring the brilliancy of these adventures to dramatic climax by damning Chicago. Our present Premier — a professional politician — is credited with having done all these things in-ra very short space of time for the accomplishment of such a phenomenally embarrassing category of diversified undertakings, and yet it is not clear that these professional per formances of our Premier are in any way calculated to other than give him to the derision of democracy's opponents, and memorise the melancholy pity of its friends. As for Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Reid, no democrat seriously regards them now-a- days. Sir Henry's oft recurring horror that Parliament will violate the ' British Constitootin ' — whatever that may be — is, no doubt, a professional nightmare which alarms him more than ever did the ' K'ia,ma Ghost,' but like that memorable spook it can sit on the fence in its wet clothes till it contracts rachitis and rheumatism in all its bones — if it have any bones — for aught anyonobut himself and the 'crimson cord' caballers may care. As for Mr. Barton — well what has he done that Mr. -^— as a democrat should wish to see him re-elected to pay and power ? Is it because Mr. Barton is so thoroughly professional that he has no conscientious scruples about serving two masters ? Is it because Mr. Barton as Queen's . Counsellor recently accepted a retainer from Mr. Proudfoot, who has taken legal steps to mulct the Government, that is the State, or to be more correct the taxpayers, for a million of money ? Such seeming treachery to the State may be, and doubtless is, profession ally political, and in strict conformity with the elasticity and other special peculiarities of legal etiquette, but does it not remind one of the story of one Judas and thirty pieces of silver ? ' Professionally or otherwjpa was it the square thing for a well paid servant of the State in whom it placed implicit confidence to do ? Mr. ? may be able to satisfactorily explain the matter from a professional standpoint, but Mr. Barton failed to do so. But to drop further special references to individuals — re- ferences provoked by Mr. ? 's Boffsrabri speech — and to take a retrospective view of the professionals who invariably have had and still have a big say. in the councils of the State, what conclusion can one come to in the face of the general and ruinous depression which prevails other than that they are; and ever have been, political pirates? 'Facts, stern unrelenting facts, pronounce them as such ! And what are these facts P. On the one hand we have a country admittedly rich in natural resour ces, with a population proportionately small to that of older and poorer countries ; on the other, with the exception of a comparatively small number — presum- ably the pets of the professional legisla tor — a great many of our people, through no fault of their own, are in a state of chronic 'stiffness' (Australian for insol vency) while numerous others are tramp ing the country begging a bit to eat. In the face of these fact— facts that admit of n© gainsaying — is it not high time that the people' passed the sentence of political death upon these . expert Treasury looters ; and profound professionals who have systematically deluded and.' defrauded them so often? What do the faardu-p thousands, the «truggling:.selectora andj embarrassed^busi ? \ ? ? ' . -ness-people care- for ''points of order,' 'precedents,' and all the rest of the paltry palaver which characterise the confounded 'eorroborees*' they call debates? Ichabod! the. glory is gone.— -Tours, &c.;, CAMPESTEIAN. 