*THÏ! B TORY-TE LL ER. I AN OAK COFFIN. -» , . ANOTHER DOCTOR'S STORY. (Conclusion.) 'There is a mystery somewhere,' she said, ' bot I cannot make it out When I came back, after seeing you to-day, mother seemed very restless and troubled. I thought she would have questioned me about being so long away, and ask me at least what I had done with myself. In- stead of that, she asked me to tread softly. She said she had such an intoler- able headache that ahe could not endure the least sound. I saw she had been out, for she bad her walking boots on, and they were covered with mud. I tried to coax her to oat something, but she would not, sod, ss I saw she really wished to bo alone, I left her . * At tea time, our parlour-maid, Peters, told me that mother had gone to bed, and had given directions that she was ou no account to be disturbed. I had tea alone, and then came in here and made tho place as bright and comfortable as I could. Once or twice before, since my father's death, mother has suffered from acute headaches, and bas gone to bed ; but when they got bettor, she has dressed and come downstairs again. I thought she might like to do so to-night, and that she would be pleased to see a bright room and every- thing cheerful about her. . ' 1 got a story book and tried to read, but my thoughts were with mother, abd I felt dreadfully puzzled and anxious. "The time seemed very long, too, aud I heartily wisted that the night was over. I went upstairs about eight o'clock,'and listened outside mother's door. She was moaning and talking to herself. It seemed to me that she was saying dreadful things. I Slite shuddered as I listened. I knocked at e door, but there was no answer. Then I turned the handle and tried to enter, but the door was locked. I wobt downstairs again, and Peters carno to Ask mej if I would like supper. She was still ju the room, and I had not made np ûoif mind whether I could.oet anything or not, when I heard her give a short scream, and [urn- ing round, ïsaw motlier standing ~in tho room in her nightdress.-' ShaTjfiàd the earring kntfe.in.her baud., * * Gabri9l^«uef aid, in a quiet foice, bat with an^fal look^^er ^f68^ 'Í ^'^^^^^^^^toiworod. ..'fitas jgere a fleep sigh, and looked at ilwm^^isbaWro'tóy Macbeth. : * " Gabrielle," she «aid again, "Ijcan't live any longer without your father. I have-made this knife sharp, and it kon't take long." 'Then she turned and left the jroom. Paters ran for cook, and they, went up stairs alter her and I rnehed for Dr. Mac- ken sie.' ' It was a fearful ordeal or yon,' I said, ' and yon behaved very bravely ; bat yon must not think too much about your mother's condition, nor about any words which she happenod to say: She ie highly feverish at present, and is not accountable for her actions. Sit down now, please, and take a glass of wine yourself.' 'No, thank yon-I never take wine/ ' Fm glad to hear you say so, for in that case a glsss of this good claret will do you wonders for you. Here, I'm going to pour one ont--now drink it off at once/ She obeyed mo with a patient sort, of smile. She was very pale, bot the wine brought some colour into her cheeks. \- * I am interested in your story/1 said, after a pause. ' Particularly in what yon told me abont your poor father. Hejmnst have been an interesting man for yon to treasure his memory so deeply. Do yon mind describing him to mer' She flushed np when I spoke. I saw that tears were very near her eyes, and she bit her lips to keep back emotion. ' My father wis like no one* else/ she said. * It ls impossible for me to make a picture of bim for one who has not seen him/ 4 Bot yon can at least tell me if he were tall or snort, dark er fair, old or yonng F' ' No, I can't/ she said, after another fiasse. * He was just father. When you ove yonr father, he has a kind of eternal Îoutn to yon, and you don't descriminate is features. If yon are his only child, his is just the one faco in all the world to yon. I find it impossible to (describe the face, although it fills my mind's eye, wak- ing or sleeping. But, stay, I have a picture of him. I don't show it to many, bnt yon shall see it/ She rushed ont of the room, returning in a moment with a morocco case. She opened it, and brought over a candle at the same time so that the light should fall on the picture within, lt represented a talL slight man, with deep set eyes and a very thin face. The eyes were somewhat plirclogln their glance; the Hps were closely set and firm j tho chin was cleft. Th» face showed determination, 1 gayo it a quick glance, and closing the case returned it to Gabrielle. The face was the face of the man I had seen in the garden. My patient passed a dreadful night. She was no better the next morning. Her température was rather higher, her pulse quicker, her respiration more hurried. Her ravings had now become almost incoherent. Mackenzie and I had an anxious consultation over her. When he left the house I accompanied him. * I am going to make a strange requast of you,' I said. ' I wish for your assist- ance, and am snre you will not refuse to give it to me. In short, I want to take immediate steps to have Heathcote's coffin opened.' I am quite sure Mackenzie though I was mad. He looked at me, opened his lips as if to speak, but then waited to hear my next words. ' I want to have Heathcote's body ex humed,' I said. ' If you will listen to me, 1 will tell you why.' 1 I then gave him a grapic account of the man I had seen in the garden. * There ia fonl play somewhere,' I said, in conclusion. ' I have been dragged into this thing almost against my will, and now I am determined to see lt through.' Mackenzie flung np his hands. ' I don't intend to doubt your wisdom,'^ he said ; ' but to ask me gravely to ossiát yon to exhume the body of a man who died of consumption six months ago, is enongh to take my breath away. What reason can yon possibly give to the authorities for such an action P' 'That I have strong grounds for believ- ing that the death never took place at all,' I replied. "Now will yon co-operate with me in this matter, or not P' ' Oh, of course, I'll co-operate with yon,' he answered. ' But I don't pretend to say that I like the business.' Wo walked together to his house, talk- ing over thc necessary steps which must be taken to get au order for exhumation. Mackenzie promised to telegraph to me as soon as ever this was obtained, and I was obliged to hurry off to attend to my own duties. As I was stepping into my han- som I turned to ask tho doctor one more question. " Have you any reason to suppose that Heathcote was heavily insured P' I asked, * No ; I don't know anything about it, he answered. * Yon are quite snre there were no money troubles anywhere. * I do not know of any j but the fact amounts to nothing, for I was not really intimate with the family, and, as I said Sesterday evening, never entered the ouse until last night from the day of the funeral. I have never heard of troubles ; butt of conrse, they might have existed/ 'As soon as I have heard from yon, I will make an arrangement to moot yon at Kensal Green,' I replied, and then I jumped into the hansom and drove «way. In the conrse of the day I got a tele« gram aquainting ree with Hrs. Heathcote's condition. It still remained absolutely unchanged, and there was, in Mckenzie's opinion, no necessity {or me tb ? pay bel another visit. Early tho next morning) the required order came from the coroner. Mackenzie wired to apprise me of the fact, and I telegraphed back, making an appointment to meet him at Kensal Green on the following morning. I shall not soon forget that day. It was one of those blustering and intensely cold days which come oftener in March than any other time of the year. The cemetery looked as dismal as such a place would on the occasion. The few wreaths of flowers which were scattered here and there on newly made graves were sodden and deprived of all their frail beauty. The wind blew in great |guete, which were about every ten minutes accompanied by showers of sleet. There was a hollow moaning nobe distinctly audible in the intervals of the storm. I fonud, on my arrival, that Mackenzie was there before me. He was accom- panied by one of the coroner's men and a police constable. Two men who worked in the cemetery also came forward to assist. No one expressed the least sur- prise atf our strange errand. Around Mackenzie's lips alone 1 read an expres- sion of disapproval. Kensal Green ia one of the oldest ceme- teries which Surround our vast metrópolis, and the Heathcote's burying place wac quite in the oldest portion of this God's acre. It was ono of the hideous, ancient, rapidly going out of date vaults. A huge brick erection was placed over it, at one side of which was the door of entrance. The earth was removed, the door of the vault opened, and some of the mei went down tho steps, one of them holding a torch, in order to identify the coffin. Tn a couple of minutes time "it was borne into the light of tho day. When I saw it I remembered poor Mrs. Heathcote'«, with ravings. 'A good, strong oak coffin, which wears well,' she had exclaimed. Mackenzie and I, accompanied by the Íiolico-constablo and the coroner's man olloired the beams of the coffin to th« mortuary. As we were going there, I turned to ask Mackenzie how his patient was. He shook his head as lie answered me. . I fear the worst,' he replied. ' Mr*. J Heathcote is vory ill indeed. The fever | rages high and is like a consuming fire. Her temperature waa a hundred and five this morning.' ' I should recommend packing her in sheets wrnng ont of cold water,' I answ- ered. 'Poor woman!--how do you account for this sudden illness, Mac- kenzie P' He shrugged his shoulders. "* Shock of some sort,' he answered. Then he continued : 'If she wally knew of this day's work, it would kill her off Eretty quickly. Poor soul,' ho added, *I ope it may never reach her ears.' We had now reached the mortuary. The men who had borne the coffin on their shoulders lowered it on a pair of trestles. They then took turnscrews ont of their pockets, and in a business-like and callous manner unscrewed the lid. After doing this they left the mortuary, closing the door behind them. The moment we found ourselves alono, Isaid a word to the police constable, and then jjjoing quickly up to the coffin, lifted the'lid. Under ordinary circumstances, such a proceeding would be followed be appalling results, which need not herp be described. Mackenzie, whose face;was very white, stood near me. I looked at bim for a moment, and then flung aside the pall which was meant to conceal the face of the dead. j The .dead truly! Here waa death, which had never, in any sense, known .life like ours. Mackenzie uttered a Joud exclamation. The constable and the . cor oner's man came close. I lifted s bag of flour out of the coffin ! There were many similar bags there. It had been closely packed, and evidently with a view to counterfeit the exact weight of the dead man. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speech- less. The Coroner's man began to take copions notes ; the police-constable grave- ly did the same. Mackenzie at last f ennd his tongue. t ' I never felt more stunned in alt my life,' he said. ' In very truth, I all but saw the man die. Where is he P In the name of Heaven, what has become of him ? - This the moat monstrous thing I have ever heard in (ho whole course of my life, and-and I attended the funeral hf thosolbag'a of flour I No wonder; that woman never cared to eee me inside the house again. Bnt what puzzles me,' he continued, ' is the motive-what can the motive be P' * Perhaps one of tb o insurance compan- ies cab tell ns that/ said the police-officer. . It ia my duty to report this thing, sir/ hs continued, taming to ins. ' I hs ve not the least doubt that the Crown will prosecute/ *I cannot at all prevent yonr taking what steps yon think proper/ I replied, ' only pray understand that the poor lady who is the principal perpetrator io this fraud lies at the présent moment at death's door/ * We must get the man himself/ mur mnrod the police officer. ' If he is alive we shall soon find him.' Half an hour later Mackenzie and 1 had left the' dismal cemetery. I had to hurry back to Harley-street to attend to some important duties, bnt I arranged to meet Mackenzie that evening at the Heathcote's house. I need not say that my thoughts were much occupied with Mrs. Heathcote and her miserable story. What a life that wretched Heath- cote must have led during the last six months. No wonder he looked cadaverous ss the moonlight fell over his gaunt figure. No ghost traly was he, but a man of like flesh and blood to ourselves a man whs was supposed to be buried in Kensal Green, but who yet walked tho earth. It Tra« about eight o'clock when I reached tho Heathcote's house. Macken i zie had already arrived-he came into the hall to me. ' Whore ia Miss Gabrielle ?' I asked at once. 'Poor child,' he replied; 'I hare begged of her to stay in her own room. ! She Knows nothing of what took place this morning, bnt is in a terrible state of grief about her mother. That unfortunate woman's days are numbered. Slio is sinking fast. Will you come to hor at once, Halifax-»ho had asked for you several times.' Accompanied by Mackenzie, I mounted the stairs and entered the sick room. One glance at the patient's face showed me all to plainly that I was in the chamber ?of death. Mrs. Heathcote lay perfect motionless. Her bright hair, still the hair of quite a young woman, was flung back over the pillow. Her pale face was wet with perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, dark, and awful in expression, turned and fixed themselves on me as I approached the bedside. Something like the ghost of a smile quivered round her lips. She made an effort to stretch ont a shadowy hand to grasp mine. 'Don't stir,'I said to her. 'Perhaps you want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to you. I have very good hearing, so you can speak as low as yon ! please.' Site smiled again with a sort of pleasure at my understanding her. ' I hare something to confess,' she said, in a hollow whisper. 'Send tho nurse and-and Dr. Mackenzie ont of the room.' I was obliged to explain the dying woman's wishes to my brother physician. He called to the nurse to follow him, and they immediately left the room. As soon as they had done so I bent my head and took one of Mrs. Heathcote's hands in mine. ' Now,' I said, ' take comfort. God can forgive sin. Yon have sinoed ?" . Oh, yes, yes ; but how can you possibly know ?' ' Never mind. I am a good- judge of character. If telling me will relieve your conscience, speak.' ' My husband is alive,' she murmured. ' Yes,' I said, * I guessed SB much.' ' He bad insured bis life,' she continued ' for-for about fifteen thousand pounds. The money was wanted to-to aave us from dishonour. We managed to coun- terfeit-death.' She stopped, as if nuable to proceed any further. ' A week ago,' she continued, ' I -I saw the man who is supposed to be dead. He is really dying noir. The strain of knowing that I could do nothing for him-nothing to comfort his last moments-»was too horrible. I felt that I could not live without him. ¿On tho day of my illness I took--poîscm, n pre- paration of Indian hemp. I meant to kill myself. I did not know that my object would be effected in so terrible a manner.' Here she looked towards the door. A great chango came over her face. Her eyes shone with sudden brightness. A look of awfal joy filled them. She made a frautic effort to raise herself in bed. I followed the direction of her eyes, and then, indeed, a startled exclamation passed my lips. Gabrielle, with hor cheeks crimson, her lips tremulous, her hair tossed wildly j about her head and shoulders, was ad- vancing into the room, leading a cadav- erous, ghastly looking man by the hand. In other words, Heathcote .himself in the ?flesh had «orne into his wife's dying' chamber. ' Oh, Horace!' she exclaimed ; ' Herace -to die in your arme-to know that yon will soon join me.. This is too much bliss -this is too groat joy !' The man knelt by her, put his dying arma round her, and laid her head on his worn breast. 'We will leave them together,' I said to Gabrielle. I took the poor little girl's hand and" led her from tbs room. , .. , ; Shs was ina frantic state pf excitement. ' I said he was not dead,' she repeated -* I always «aid it. I was sitting' by my window a few minutés ago, and I saw him in the garden. Thia time I was deter- mined tiiat he should* not escape me. I rushed downstairs. He knew nothing until he saw me at his side. I caught his, hand in mina. It was hot and thin. It j was like a skeleton's baud-only it barned j with living fire. " Mother is dying-come to her at once," I said to him, and then I brought him into the house.' ' You did well-you acted very bravely,' I replied to her. I took her away to a distant part of the house. Au hour later, Mrs. Heathcote died. I was not with her when she breathed her last. Mr one object now was to do what I coald for poor little Gabrielle. Ia con sequence, therefore, I made arrangements to hare an interview with Heathcote. It was no longer possible for the wretched manto remain in hiding. His own hoare were plainly numbered, and it wai more than evident that he had only anticipated his real death by some months. I saw him the next day, and he told me in a few brief words the story of his sap posed death and burial. 'lam being severely punished now,' he said, ' for the one great sin of my life. I am a solicitor by profession, and, when a yoong man, was tempted to appropriate some trust funds-hoping, like many another had done before me, to replace the money before the loss was discovered. I married and had a happy home. My wife and I were devotedly attached to each other. 1 was not strong, and more than one physician told me that I was threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. About eight months ago the tho blow which I never looked for fell. I need not enter in particulars. Suffice it to say that I was expected to deliver over £12,000, the amount of certain trusts committed to me, to their rightful owners within three month's time. If I failed to realise this money, imprisonment, dis- honour, ruin, would be mine. My wife and child would be reduced to beggary. I had effected an insurance on my life for fifteen thousand pounds. If this sum could be realised, it would cover the deficit in the trust, and also leave a small overplus for the uso of my wife and daughter. I knew that my days wore practically numbered, and it did not strike me os a particularly heinous crime to forestall my death by a ferr months. I talked tho matter over 'with my wife, and at last got lier to consent to help me. We managed everything cleverly, and not a 8onl suspected the fraud which was practised on the world. Our old servants who had lived with us for years, were sent away on a holiday. We had no servant in the house except a charwoman who came in for a certain number of hours daily.' ' Yon managed your supposed dying condition with great skill,' I answered. ' That hemorrhage, the ghastly expression of your face, were sufficiently real to de ceive even a keen and clever man like Mackenzie*. Heathcote smiled grimly. ^ ' After all,' he said, ' the fraud was simple enough. I took an emetic, which I knew would produce the cadaverous hue of approaching death, and the supposed hemorrhage was managed with some bullock's blood. I got it from a distant butcher, telling him that I wanted it to mix with meal to feed my dogs with.' 'And how did you deceive the under- taker's men ? I asked. ' My wife insisted on keeping my face covered, and I managed to simulate'rigi- dity. As to the necessary coldness, I was cold enough lying with only a sheet over me. After I was placed ia the coffin my wife would not allow anyone to enter the room bnt herself ; ehe brought me food, of course. We bored holes, too, in tho coffin lid. Still, I shall never forgot the awful five minutes during which I was screwed down. 'It was all'managed with great ex- pedition. As soon as ever the undertak- er's men could be got ont of the way, my wife unscrewed the coffin and released me. We then filled it with bags of floor, which we had already secured and hidden for the purpose. My supposed funeral took place with dna honours. I left the liouse that night, intending to Ship1 to America. Had I donn this, the appalling con- sequences, which have now ended in tho death of my wife, might never have taken place, bat at the eleventh hour my conrsge tailed me. I could do much to shield my wife and child, but I could not endure the thought of never seeing them again. .Contrary to ell ray wife's entreaties, I in- sisted on coming into the garden, for the selfish pleasure of catching even a glimpse of Gabrielle's little figure, as ahe moved about lier bedroom. She saw me once, bot I escaped through the shrubbery and by a door, which we kept on purpose unlocked, before she reached me. I thought I would never again transgress, but once more the temptation assailed me, and I was not proof against it. My health iaited"rapidly.--H[ was really-dying, and 4>n the ^oi^njng when, my wife's illness bfftap, had suffered from a genuine and Very sharp attack of the henrorrhage. She found me in tho wretched lodging where. I was hiding in a state oE^JOm plebs misery, and almost destitution. Some- thing in my appearance seemen suddenly to make her lose ail seif-cahM)l. "'Horace,' she exctaimBa, "Icannot stand this. When you pie, I will die. We will carry oar shame and our sorrow and our unhappy love into the grave, where no man can follow ns. When yon 'die, I will die. Oh, to seo you like this drives me mad !" * She left me. She told me when I saw her during those last few moments yes* terday, that she had hastened lier end by a powerful dose of Indian hemp. That is the story. I know Wat I bavelaid myself open to criminal prosecution of the gravest character, but I do not think I shall live to go through it* Heathcote was right. He passed sway that evening quite quietly in his sleep. Poor little Gabrielle! I saw, her ones since her parents' death, hut it is now a couple of years since I have heard any- thing about her. Will she ever get over the severe shock to which she was sub- jected P What does the future hold in store for herP I cannot answer these questions. Time alone can do that Strand Magazine. 