THE *£D SPECTRE ^irD T&E; EMPEROR. "Tell him that the Red Man is wait* ing for an audience." . Him " .was Napoleon the Great; the. command' was addressed to Count: de Moid, thrEinperor's counsellor ;-and the ■speaker was die Red Spectre^ whose mission it was to watch - over the desti nies of the Little Corporal. ? - ■ The Spectre, fantastically dressed in Redtrousers, blouse, and cap, was told that his Majesty was busy and ■ must j on no consideration be interrupted. The only answer that the' apparition deigned to return to this message was that he must see Napoleon—must tee him alone, and at once. _ Still the Emperor refused point blank to grant this importunate being an inter*, view. : " But 1 must see him," he persisted. " Tell him the Red Man is waiting for an audience." Trembling and awestruck at the im perious tone of the Phantom, Count de Mold again went On tiptoe to the royal room and delivered the mysterious mes sage. It is said when Napoleon heard- this message he became a spectacle pitiable to behold. The Man of Iron grew ghastly white, and his arms. dropped at his side like lead; but though he was completely un« nerved, he managed .to give orders': for the admission of the unwelcome guest. Then there ensued one of the most ex traordinary conversations that ever were held. Count de M0I6, whose curiosity had been raised tothe highest pitch, played the eavesdropper, and' overheard the greater part, if not all of the remarkable dialogue. " General," said the'Red Spectre, "This is the third time I havie appeared before you as a man. The first time we met was in Egypt, at the Battle of the Pyra mids ; the second, after the Battle of Wagram. : "When we met at Wagram, 1 granted you four more years in which to com plete'the conquest of all Europe or to make a general peace, threatening that if you did hot perform one of these two things within the .allotted time I would withdraw my protection from you. "Now, I come for the third and last time to warn you that you have but tfaree short months of power. In three months | from this hour the Allies will be invad- j ing Paris if you do not take my advice and sue for peace. A .general' peace "mnst.be perfected within ninety days, else your sway will be limited to a small bleak island of foe sea.' . Remember, all will be over with yon if you do not achieve a conquest or accede to peace within that time." Napoleon then endeavoured, with a degree of superstition that is well nigh inctedible in such a inan—and yet not altogether strange either when onecomes td think of it—to reason with foe Phan tom and to extort easier terms. He pleaded that it was impossible for him to make afthpnourable peace in three short months. " Do as you please," returned the Red Man," butlwPdnot change my resolu tion. Now 1 go," he said, as he opened the door and strode down the hall, fol lowed by the Emperor and Mole, who pretended to have beep standing op guard at the second door from foe room in which theconversation had been held. His imperial Majesty begged of the Red Man to stay, but all to no purpose. • M Three months—no longer," shouted the Spectre as be disappeared at the end of the hall. just three months to a day from the time of the Red Ghost's warning, the Al lies entered Paris (March, 31, 1814), and Napoleon . abdicated four days after-; wards.' He was allowed to retain the titjg of Emperor, hut the sole sovereignty he exercised was over tf)g tjny island of Elba, which was;the little bleak isle of the sea., that had been. held up to his mind's eye by the Red Man in the pro phetic talk of the preceding New Tear's Day. it is but fair to add that the official documents upon which the account of die Red Spectre's interview with Na? poleon is:..based were, signed by the £onnt de Mole and the gtxard. . The former, it will be remembered, overheard the' conversation; the latter attempted in vain to stop the Ghost when he demanded admission. Moreover, it is said that the story had been one of the traditions of the French Court ever since the singular Visit took place. Still, the whole tale wears a very suspicious -look, and it is given here with all reserve. ,We - think "pur flltj friend Mr. Burchell, of M The Vicar of Wakefield," would have uttered many a Fudge I could he have read the-statement of the Count tie* Mold. \- It is notorious that Napoleon was cre dulous. He had a firm~belief in his star pf de§tipy j and General Rapp has re corded ah instance of the " fprsican Up start's" behaviour while under the influ? mice of this curious spell. Rapp, whose brilliant defence of Pan-, rig was at the time the theme of univer sal animation, once suddenly called on Napoleon and walked into 'the latteris room wholly unannounced. The Emperor-sat by the window per-1 fectly still, gazing intently upon the heaven?. Noticing his presence had not been observed,' Rapppu^he^ a chair with noise enough to attract Napoleon's gfc tendon. Yet the latter made no sign, and seemed utterly oblivions of every thing. Perceiving this, Rapp rnshed to the fide of the Emperor, fearing that he had -fallen into a stupor, when the latter, without taking hi? eyes from the heavens for an instant,' seized Rapp hy the arm, and exclaimed in a loud tone dl voice— " Look there; up there." . . KI sef nothing but the pale,' twinkling stars," returned Rapp, quietly. ' .** What," exclaimed die- Emperor, ex ptedly ; "is it possible that you do not see my star; the he?y red ope, plmost as large as the moon? It is hpforeyop nowi and ob, bow brilliant,'' Then, wanning at the sight, he fairly shrieked as he cried out, " It has never abandoned me for a single instant; I see it on all great occa sions ; it commands me to go.foward ; it is my sign of good fortune, and where it, ^eads } wjll follow." that his face was livid as he seated him self in confusion and suppressed excite ment. Several minutes: elapsed before the Emperor was calm enough to take part in ordinarv conversation. CasselPs Saturday Journal', ,f You should qeyer £a|ce., anything that doesn't^ agree with you^thephy sician told him. " If I'd always followed that rule, Maria," he remarked to his wife, " where would you be ?" An explorer declares that nothing can equal the ignorance of the people of hjortfoem Syria. — Spectator—" Why. phe centre-fielder is singing while running.".. Stockholder— " Yes, that's a trick of his." Spectator— "Whafs he singing P" Stockholder— » After the halL" Mamma—" When that boy threw stones at you why didn't yon come and tell me, instead of. throwing them hack ¥' Little Son—" Tell you 1 Why, you couldn't hit a bam door." " I told you to go jto the devil with that bill,"exclaimed *teangry editor. "And I went, said the pool collector, " but the ' devil * eaid you were owing'him, too." Little stocks ef water, it mixed with proper sand, . And floated on Remarket, I Stta»tei«fteon:»tt4. 