UNCLE JOHN'S DOUBLE. By G. B. BURGIN. Author of ' His Lordship,' &o.; Chapter I. . They met under the mistletoe, uncon sciously oh her part, designedly 'on his ; and since they found themselves in such a situation there was clearly but one thing to be done. At least Travers thought so, and he did it without hesitation. Veronica said, 'Oh !' but had not sumcientpresence of mind to remove from such a dangerous neighborhood ; whereupon Travers again proved what he thought of the situation — Travers was seldom at a loss in an emer gency — and Veronica blushed, softly mur muring at the same time ' You know you mustn't.' 'That,' said Travera, 'would seem to admit of argument. In order to be quite sure of what we are arguing ?about, hadn't I better ? ?' 'You are very exacting,' declared Veronica, after an interval, in which they had doubtless argued out the question from all points of view. ' Very exacting indeed. I'm not at all sure that Uncle John wasn't right when he said you were dangerous — very dangeroos.' ' Uncle John doesn't know in the least what he is talking about,' said Travers. ' If he had any knowledge whatever of human nature, he would be aware how silly it is of him not to realise that a lovely girl like you cannot help having lovers by the dozen. And then he makes matters worse by asking me here. What could he expect when I am daily exposed to the glances of your most sweet blue eyes, and your lowly presence makes a sunshine in this old hall V 'It does seem unreasonable,' said Veronica, listening to this well-deserved flattery. ' It does seem unreasonable. I suppofle I uiusl marry somebody.' 'It would not bo right,' said Travers. ' It would moat certainly not be right for you to remain single and constantly deal unhappiness to the hearts of all the young men around here. Out of mercy to them — and to me — it is your duty to become the mistress of my home.' Veronica considered. 'Shall we say out of mercy to you first, and the others afterward ?' she demanded. 'If there were no danger of being in terrupted,' pursued Travers, 'I would throw myself on my knees before you and tell you — ? — ' 'How dark it is here!' suddenly broke in the voice of 'Uncle John.' ' Plague on it, Veronica — Veronica Hayes I say — are you anywhere near f ' Ye- es, Uncle,' said Veronica, emerg ing from the shadow of the door as the old gentleman touched a button and flooded the hall with light. ' Whose loug legs are those in the corner?' grunted Uncle John sus piciously. ' I believe they belong to Mr. Travers,' faltered Veronica. ' Believe they belong to Mr. Travers ! You don't suppose he was fool enough to borrow them,' grunted the old gentle man. ' Poor things, sir, but mine own,' re marked Travers, following his legs as they emerged from the shadow. He complacently surveyed what the old housekeeper called his ' be-yew-ti-ful extremities' for a moment, and added with a courteous bow, 'They are very much at your service, sir.' The old gentleman grunted again, ' Very good legs to run away with.' *' Not from Applecombe Hall, or from fair Mistress Veronica,' said Travers, with another nonchalant bow. ' Fie, sir, fie ! You surely will not attribute such bad tasfce to them.' The old gentleman began to nervously play with the electric button. 'I came in here to try how it was working,' he said grimly, for he had been wandering about the house like a child with a new toy, turning the electric light on and off a dozen times every five minutes. 'It seems to me there ought to have been another light at the bottom of this dark recess ; there's nothing at all in there. This lamp only throws the light two or three feet inside the entrance. I don't like waking up from my nap by the window at the other end to find myself in darkness. It makes me uncomfortable. Besides, the house will be full of people for Christmas the day after to-morrow, and I must have a quiet corner to myself.' 'Is it too late, uncle?' enquired Veronica, gently, though she did not approve of this electric light in a fine old country mansion. She fancied that it might disturb the family portraits on the walls, and annoy the belles of past generations, who had never before been subjected to such fierce publicity. It was doubtful in some cases, in others past all doubt, whether their past records could bear this searching enquiry. 'Yes,' said Uncle John, 'all the workmen went back to London this morning. They've their hands full, get ting ready for Christmas.' The old gentleman stood leaning on a black cane, his gouty knuckles hidden by wide lace ruffles. The bosom of bis shirt was ruffled, too, and stuck out like the back fin of a perch. He wore black knee-breeches, with silk stockings to match, a silk ribbon with a bunch of seals at the end hanging from his fob, and his feet were encased in shoes, cut low, to do justice to the shape of his ankles, and ornamented with large paste buckles. He was somewhat bent with age, but tall, with a hook nose, slightly tinged with red, and hawk-like eyes. In fact, he was a very domineering old man, who never brooked contradiction — a selfish old man, who did not mean to allow his niece to marry because he wanted her company himself. The invitation he had given to Travers to spend Christmas at Applecombe Hall was the result of a_ compromise with Veronica, who had' declared her intention of going to her aunt. Lady Gatwick, unless her own friends were invited to Applecombe. Chapter IL It suddenly occurred to Travers that now was the time to fulfil his mission of being a nuisance to Uncle John. The domineering old man could not very well order him off the premises until after Christmas ; Veronica returned his love ; and it was really absurd to suppose that a girl's life should be wasted to please an old man, a superstitious old man to boot — an old man who believed in ghosts and was afraid of the evil eye if he met a gipsy hag. Accordingly, Travers drew his long legs together, made an elegant bow, and said, with great politeness, 'I have the honor to request your ward's hand in marriage.' Uncle John's hawk-like eyes blazed, he was about to be very rude indeed, but suddenly remembered that he was ad dressing a guest. He made a bow which in point of elegance ran Travers's very hard. ' And I have the honour to de cline your proposal,' he said, politely. 'Aly ward is not yet of age. I prefer ? i that she should not marry for some years to come, and cannot see myself consent ing to any such union as the one you propose.' ' Cannot see yourself ! Oh, but you shall see yourself,' said Travers,' angrily. Veronica, checked him. ' We will resume this conversation after Christ mas, Uncle John,' she said sweetly. ' I think you are very arbitrary.' ' My appreciation of your society is such that I could not think of letting you go,' suavely declared the old gentleman. ' Careful reflection may throw a little more light on the matter — after Christ mas.' Uncle John turned away and com fortably ensconced himself in an arm chair by the little latticed window in the recess. He was almost invisible to Veronica. She could just see the dim outline of his head. ' He looks like a ghost,': she said, with a little shiver; 'a very poor old lonely ghost without anyone to care or him or warm his rattling bones, pro vide him with phantom cups of some thing comforting, and imaginary hot water bottles for his poor old toes at night.' Moved by a sudden impulse of pity, she ran lightly into the recess and kissed the old man. ' Eh, what, what — what's that?' he enquired, half waking from his nap. 'Only a maiden all forlorn,' said Verenic* gaily. The old man grunted something in audible, and went to sleep again. Travers remained in deep thought. His much maligned legs showed to advan tage as he leaned against the mantel piece. 'Veronica, I will play that crabbed old man a trick, and if it suc ceeds he shall come and live with us, or we will honor him with our presence for the rest of our days.' 'You will not hurt him?' asked Veronica anxiously. 'No,' said Travers cheerfully, 'of course not. His only fault in our eyes is that he is too fond of you. Still, that is no reason why I should be made un happy for a whole year. I can no more imagine my living a whole year without' you, sweetheart, than I can see myself decked wish angelic wings and flying throush the air.' 'You Have lived without me all this time,' urged Veronica. ' I should hardly call it living,' re turned Travers. 'How I have con trived to drag out a most miserable existence for so long, I know not. The only thing which enabled me to haye any appetite at all must have been a kind of dim foreknowledge that I should meet you some day.' ' Have you never met 'me' before?' asked Veronica mischievously. 'I will not deny,' returned Travers, ' that in my endeavors to find you I have made one or two mistakes ; but I always found them out in time before matters became serious. . They never made my appetite vary. Now, after I first met you, I became a perfect skeleton. Aunt Tabitha was very much alarmed, and brought me camomile tea. If you had ever tasted Aunt Tabitha's camomile tea you would prefer death. Ifc has all the bitterness of love without any of its lurking sweetness. Now I must get a horse and gallop off to the telegraph station. Will there be anyone but our selves here to-morrow night ?' ' £!ot to-morrow night,' said Veronica. 'After dinner on Christmas Eve Uncle J ohn always sits in the recess and balances his accounts for the year.' ' His accounts ?' ' Yes ; so much to debit and credit for all his actions.' 'Therefore,' said Travers, looking at Veronica, his eyes dancing with delight, ' Therefore, it is our manifest duty to show him how to arrive at a just settle ment. Don't ask me any questions, sweetheart. I will steal into the stables, set a horse, and gallop off under the liarht of the stars to the telegraph station. I must have the assistance of a friend in whom 1 can trust. Won't you put on a hood and see me start ?' The girl laughed merrily, as the two conspirators stole lightly round the back of the house and entered the snug stable, where a dozen horses munched away in patrician ease, each stall bearing the name of its occupant in gold letters. 'Take Red Rupert,' whispered Vero nica. ' He is the fastest of them all, ^and knows me. Joe, come here.' Joe emerged from the harness-room, where he had been playing dominoes by himself — right hand against left. 'Joe,' said Veronica, 'get Red Rupert's saddle. Mr. Travers is going down to the village. He will be back in three-quarters of an hour. You under stand? You needn't mention it to any body.' &^ Joe grinned approvingly as Travers slipped a sovereign into his extended hand. ' It'll do Red Rupert a power o' good, Miss. He ain't been out of the stable for two days. His legs'll begin to fill if he ain't galloped a bit.' 'I'll take care of that,' said Travers, as he rode iato the yard and put Red Rupert at the low hedge which separated it from the paddock. Red Rupert skimmed over the hedge like a swallow. ' That's a gent as could go to sleep on a 'oss and not get thrown neither,' said Joe approvingly, when Veronica turned to walk back to the house. ' You never say nice things about my riding, you unfeeling old man,' remarked Veronica, with mock asperity. The old. groom chuckled. ' You don't want no 'oss to ride, miss. Just stretch out those pretty white wings of yourn (he pointed to the sleeves of her ermine cloak) and flyin' '11 come natural to you.' 'Joe,' said Veronica sweetly, 'you are a very deserving old man, indeed. Here is another sovereign for yon.' Joe took it gratefully and returned to his dominoes. 'Now I wonder what they're up to,' he said, thoughtfully. ' It'll be worth two quid to groom Red Rupert if he's goin' to keep that pace up there and back. Howsomedever, tain't no business of mine ;' and he solemnly re commenced his game. Chapter III. When Travers returned after dispatch ing his telegram there was not much jumping power left in Red Rupert. 'Sorry I had to bucket him so,' said Travers, apologetically, to Joe ; ' but I'd only a few minutes to do it in.' He surveyed Red Rupert's steaming flanks and heaving sides rather ruefully. ' Oh, it'll take the nonsense out of him for Christmas, sir,' said Joe, cheerfully. ' He's that rampageous when he ain't been out for a day or two he'll chuck most people off his back. Now even a Bible Christian could ride him.' Travers produced a fiver. 'Joe,' he said, ' have a cigar ?' 'Thankee, sir,' said Joe. He accepted the cigar, laboriously cut it up into small pieces on the stove,' and crammed it into . his pipe. ' It makes a powerful smoke this way, sir. Main powerful, and I can't do it no other way not by no manner of means.' 'All right,' said Travers, cheerfully, ' Look here, Joe, I expect a friend here to-morrow night about 5.30. He will want to change his things in your harness room, by way of a joke.' He fluttered the five-pound note before Joe's eager eyes. Joe knew Travers to be a man who rode straight to hounds. This meant more to him than anything else in the universe. 'If so be as it ain't no 'arm to Miss Veronica,' he said, ' why I'm on.' 'Of course not, Joe. Why (I tell ifc you as a great secret, Joe) we want to ge$ married.' 'I suspicioned as much a long time* ago, sir,' said Joe. 'If it was anybody! else but Miss Veronica I'd have said IE you wants to turn yourself into a toadf under a harrer by eettin' married — don't£ but as it is Miss Veronica, why, sir, £ wishes you good luck and plenty of ? ' ' Thank you, Joe, tbank you,' said Travers, ' ' Seek not to proticipate,' Joer as Mrs. Gamp says.' 'No, sir, not me, sir. You don'o ketch me doin' anything of the sort,'* said Joe, without the slightest idea whafr Travers meant ; 'but if ? ' Travers was gone. On Christmas Eve a dog-cart drove cautiously into the stable yard, and a-. clean-shaven, dark-complexioned man,. as fchin as a stick, got out. ' Now then, Joe — I'm sure you're Joe — my props,' bos said hastily. ' Tve only tea minutes to make up.' 'D'you mean your legs, sir?' asked the bewildered Joe. ' No, no, no, my good fellow ; that portmanteau and the other things ; lend a hand now. Where's the harness room ?' 'Her© it be, sir,' said Joe, after he had thrown a rug over the horse. ' Mr. Travers said as how I was to give you this photograph of master. You won't? stick pins in him and 'witch him?' he added anxiously, as the stranger pro~ ceeded to open a little box and paint pots, and spread them in a row on the deal table. 'O? course not, Joe. What height is the Squire V ' Five foot eleven, sir, but you must? knock off three inches for his stoop.' ' All right, Joe.' The stranger rapidly drew on a pair of black silk stockings and; breeches as he spoke. ' Now then, stick that photo up against the glass and bring me a towel and a basin of water. How does the Squire speak, Joe? Kind of icy snarl, like this ?' He changed his voice with wonderful facility. Joe grew frightened. ' It's either tho Squire or the devil,' he said. ' Just a mossel more grumpy, sir, and it's him to the life.' 'And the nose? Turn your head a moment, Joe. Now look round. Is th» nose like him ?' ' It be his nose, surelie,' said Joe, iaa whisper. ' Lord send I ain't shut up with the old gentleman.' 'Do you mean the Squire or ? f The stranger pointed significantly to the floor. 'The Squire,' said Joe, in a terrified whisper. The stranger took something from a pot and replaced his healthy color by the wrinkled pallor of old age. He made Joe turn his head, and when that worthy looked again the stranger had concealed his own black hair with' a very good imi tation of the Squire's silvery locks. ' Now get outside, Joe,' he said, 'and after you've counted a hundred knock at the door.' Joe tremblingly obeyed. ' Come in,' said the Squire's voice, and Joe entered. The stranger had disappeared. In his place sat the Squire, glaring angrily at Joe. 'So, you dog, you lickspittle cur,' he cried, ' this ia the way you betray me in my old age ! ' Where's the acfcoe fellow who was here just now ?' ' I was just smokin' a pipe outside, and I don't know nothin' about no actor fellow,' said the old groom, full of loyalty to Veronica ; 'and if you wants to get rid of me arter all these years o* faithful sarvice to you, Squire, why you can, and ? ' ' Joe, you're an old fool, but a very faithful old fool,' said the stranger's voice. 'Just show me how the Squire walks, and then take me to Mr. Travers's room.' ' ' Joe took him to Travers's room, and got back to the stables as quickly as possible. 'It be main wunnerful,' he con fided to the harness-room cat, which sometimes shared his solitude when the dominoes grew more than usually perplex ing. ' It be main wunnerful it be, but he'll be a takin' me off next, and turnin' mo into him, and that would be a come down, surelie.' Chapter TV. The Squire was taking his usual nap in the recess before dinner. But he did not sleep as easily as usual. In his dreams he seemed to see Veronica's pleading face and felt that there was a great deal of truth in her outspoken condemnation of his selfishness. Crabbed age and youth could not live together for ever. It was natural that the girl should wish to marry and be happy with the man of her choice. But the great old house would be very lonely without her ; he could not bear to be alone, yet hated the thought of admitting Travers to that close intimacy which the latter desired. Then he turned uneasily in his chair, rubbed his eyes, ' and sat up. Was he dreaming ? or mad 2 or both ? A soft shaded light filled the recess. At the mouth of it, seated cosily together : on an old settle, were Travers and Vero— -.\ nica. He saw a figure come slowly' towards them, and that figure was him-^ self. He rubbed his eyes again. No ; there^ was no mistake. That was his cane in»-: the old man's hand. He felt sure of it. But the cane stood against his chair..*. Hush ! What was the figure saying to-i the young couple. He saw himself taking a pinch of snufB with that comely grace which had won the heart of many a haughty dame in. days gone by. It must be confessed that the old squire, although frightened, was anxious to know what this shade of him self would do next. His curiosity was* soon gratified. He saw himself advance courteously to Veronica and kiss her on the cheek. ' Mr. Travers,' he heard himself say ing, ' Mr. Travers, I can no longer refuse your request, and now make my ward, happy by acquiescing in her wishes. You are a fortunate man. If I were 50 years: younger I would fight you to the death for the honor of this lady's hand.' He saw Veronica blush and heard Travers stammer a few disjointed words of thanks. As he became wider awake he grew angry. 'I will find out if this double of mine is flesh and blood, or only a ghost sent to awaken my conscience,' he said to himself. ' But it must be me ; there's even that mole on my left cheek.' He grasped j^ cane fir{nly an-i rushed forward into — blank darkness ! Just beyond the recess he found Travers talking to Veronica, who was dressed for dinner. The light from the Yule log in the ingle nook shone on her 'white shoulders and beautiful hair. The old squire looked bewildered. ' I — I — I thought,' he stammered, ' I — I — I thought I savr something.' 'This is the appropriate time for ghosts,' gaily answered Travers. ** Won't you join us here, squire ?' Ke drew a chair forward for the old man, who took it and sat gazing con fusedly into the fire for a moment. ' Yescerday I made you a promise,' he . said grumpily. 'I said if I saw myself consenting to your marriage with Veronica I would' not raise any further objection. Weil I ? ,' he hesitated. **I have seen myself, or dreamt that I did, and I withdraw my opposition.' 'Is it fair or right to deceive him thus ?' asked Veronica in Travers's ear. Travers hesitated. JBefore he cnuld speak the old man broke in. ' Don't try to explain anything. I've seen for myself, and nothing will convince me. Fm an old man, a very selfish one ; but we'll all go to church to-morrow and turn over a new leaf. A man at my time of life ought to think more of others and the next world.' He went slowly away, leaving Veronica and Travers face to face. 'After that we oughtn't to say anything,' pleaded Travers. ' He fancies his double has appeared to him as a hint that he must mend his ways. Get that notion out of bis head and he'll be as tyrannical as before. I think it will be wiser to let the matter drop. Carleton did it re markably well, but he only just got out of the hall in time. It was a wonder we were able to look so innocent.' ' Only conscious innocence blushes,' said Veronica. ' I should like to thank Mr. Carleton.' ' Oh, he's about half way to the station by this time,' rejoined Travers. ' What a quiet, happy Christmas we should have if Uncle John only knew the truth.' Veronica shuddered. ** We ought not to have done it.' 'I will spend the rest of my life in atoning to you,' softly murmured Travers, 'if we can be married on New Tear's Day.' ' I wonder what I could get to wear in the time,' said Veronica. ' It really doesn't matter,' urged Travers. 'It requires consideration,' said Veronica. 'Perhaps white satin and pearls.' 'White satin and pearls will do ad mirably.' ' Or white silk ?' 'Or white silk,' acquiesced Travers. 'There's the dinner gong. Let us go and drink success to ' Uncle John's Double.' 'How long,' says a contemporary, 'can one live without air ?' It depends on the air Most people could live a long time without some of the airs which have been popular Aiuiasr, tba nast twelve months. 