THE CENTRAL DIVISION. (10 1i1z KDITOa op tiib " austbaua star.") Sir, — -There aro. two champions in tho field at present advocating for the lessees of tho central division to get a renewal of their leases. Mr. Morgan, M.L, A., who wbb returned to Parliament at the last olection by a large majority of working men, is one ; the other signB himself "John Fluinmer." Now I am not going to interfere with thoso champions for their advocacy of an extension toe their friends of their leases, but I do protest against their libelling tho selectors and throwing dust in the eyes of the reading community. The following is nn extract from a speech delivered hy Mr. Morgan, M.L. A. : — After quoting thcLand Act of 1SS4 and section 43 of tho Act of 1889, in justifying an extension of tho central divisiou leases, ho goes on to say : " But, apart from thie aspect of the case, he had no hesitation, in the interest of tlio country, in advocating that an extension of ieaso ohouid be granted because of the great industry itself. It did appear to him that if tlioy did anything that would tend to ctipplo tho industry tlioy would inflict serious injury, not only upon those im mediately connected with it, but upon many thousands of other people! w'>o found em ployment indirectly from'jhe pastoral in terest. So far-reaching tvero tqo beneficial effects of the industry that it w.as impossible to gauge the mischievous effeo'ts of anything which would cither temporarily cripple or per manently injure an industry of that kind." Now titis paragraph from Mr. M organ's speech is brimful of libel oil tho selector. Any person who analyses it will corao to tiffs conclusion, that the selector is a most undesirable person, that ho is evon danger ous, and is not fit to compote with tho squatter in raising mutton and wool. But what do the official records say? "Land " "Facts. — A Dubbo correspondent to the S. M. IIi'.RALi gives the following illustra tions 'actually takon from official records. ' To show what tho 1SS4 and 18S9 Acts havo done 'for tho colony, I will take two runs— Narramino and \Vecmabah — ill tho central division. Narraininc in 1884 carried (vido stock re turns) about 25,000 sheep, 1009 head of . cattle, and, say, 400 acres of cultivation, ami about three families other than the ' station hands. Narranffne in 1893 carried j 70,001) sheep for tho lessee, GO, 000 for the selectors, and ahout 35 families, with homesteads, cultivating from 40 lo 87 acres of land eaob, and tho town of Narramino has sprang up Bince, of, say, uQO inhabitants, Weemabah in 1SS4 carried 50,000 sheep and about tbrec families otf.t- side the station bands. Weemabah in 18.93 carried 70,000 sheep for tho lessee, 50,000 sheep for tbo selectors, a'oout 26 families with liomostoadB, and/ tho town of Trangic sprung up since with about 300 inhabitants." (Juj.t so. Whero land can bo monopolised ftoo from communal, obligations tho owner r,r lcasoo gratifies liis own desires only, br'it if pro duction is increased and land forced into use by an impost on its unimproved value prosperity must follow.)" Now, the official records aro as free to Mossre. Morgan and Plummer as thoy were to tho abovo Dubbo correspondent ; let them go s.nd look them up, they will fiud thorc is - no cause for alarm. Even if the whole of tiic central leases wero thrown open, tho danger and crippling accruing to the pastoral industry ia only tho production of thoir own imagi nation, and in tho interest of their clients. Champion John l'lumtner had three-parts of a column of a land letter in the Coon- amblo Independent of last week. I will qttoto a few lines from it. Ho asks, "What docs tho agriculturist want with lands of a purely pastoral character V" Now lot mo tell Mr. 1'iummer that the man without any grazing land is tho man who very often the Government buys need wheat for ; ho is the man who has to go out shearing ; he ia the man with a dilapidated home, ill-clad wife and children, and the matt who is bound to sell out. In all Mr. Plummer's writings, as far as I can eee, ho seems to defeat the aims ho has in view. He asks, " Why don't the selectors go aud tako the land available in the north-oast part of the central division ?" Now, all tho land available (barring dense scrub) is flooded country, whero the sheep wore nearly all drowned three years ago. That tho soiector is a benefactor to his fellow man and to Now South Wales is with out a doubt, because he has mado the proverbial two blades of grass grow whero there was only one before. Wherever he scttlcB stock and wool nearly double, and lis almost supplies New South Walos with bread ; population multiplies from fifty to eighty fold, and ha is a good cus tomer to the railways. To conclude, I don't see that Mr. Morgan's prophesy has tho ghost of a chance of being fulfilled— that in throwing open tho whole of tho central division mischief would come on the colony at largo and disaster on the pastoral industry.— -Yours, &c.;, SELECTOR. 