MOLXT GAJIItlBR. (From our own Correspondent.) June 6. The topic of most general interest during the past week has been the site for the freezing works, and some sujrprise was felt when on Saturday it became known thAt^Tenohihadbeen'selected, liut 'as ^tiie arguments for and. against were more fully discussed the resolution gained favor, and .now the selection of Penola as the site of operation is .generally approved of. The Port MacDonnell football team met the Comptons on the local show ground on Saturday, and, although it was not an association match, a good number of spectators were present. A fairly even game was played, and the result was a draw. The scores were—Compton, 2 goals 1 behind; Port MacDonnell, 2 goals 6 behinds. If Mr. W. T. Stead is in want of another real " Ghost Story," he had better come to Mount Gambier, as at present we are favored with a visitor from the spiritland. (Pioneer Distillery not hinted at.) It has been seen by several townspeople, and from all accounts is able to "glide" in a proper ghostly fashion, and it has heen seen in several different localities. Perhaps a hypodermic application of duck shot would assist to lay the spirit, and it is to be hoped that an end will soon be put to its pranks, or some serious mischief may result. The Hunt Club held their usual run today. \- A good number of townspeople were out to see it. The throw-off was about two miles along the Penola road, and, as the course lay close to the road, a good view of the jumps was obtained. About a dozen riders followed, the greater number of them getting right through. A few spills were witnessed, Mrs. Russell having no less than three.. Mr. W. Kilsby, Mr. T. Martin^ and; the rider of " Medicated Oil" also went to grass, but nothing very serious resulted. Things continue very dull here, and complaints of scarcity of work are numerous, and there are a number of men camped in an old house near the hospital, who are apparently waiting, like the great " Micawber," for something to turn up. There are some rumors about at present of. a working- men's college being started here by Professor Grimm, of shorthand arithmetic fame. Such an institution is needed in Mount Gambler, and if it is started, it is to be hoped that some of the young men who at present embellish the street corners with their presence every evening will be induced to take the opportunity of spending their evenings in a more profitable manner, The Salvation Army are holding a series of special meetings this .week; An army wedding, a coffee supper, and a concert having helped to enliven the-town. A proof of the hard times is ofiered by the fact that the Gaiety Company which opened last week, had to close before, the advertised season was ended on account of the lack of patronage, The first subscription night of the local Star-Bowkett society was held on Saturday evening. The namber of applications for shares was fairly satisfactory, but there are still some left for allotment. 