Jtems ofjittece# \ "v Rapid growth of the finger nails is con sidered to indicate good health; '. Bccteek ounces of gold are sufficient to gild a wire that would enoirole the earth. The year 1893 began on a Sunday, and ib will finish on a Sunday, so that it will con- i tain fifty -throo Sundays. _ Rice paper is not made from rice or rice straw, but from a pithy plant called bung- tsua, found in Obina, Corca, and Japan. Ormonde, tho unbeaten, is off again on his travels. This time his destination is California : last timo it was Buenos Ayres. It is said that there is room enough for only aboub one hundred more of England's great men to be laid at rest in Vt'cstminster Abbey. Siam's exports last year included no lees than six and a half tons of birds, sqnb to Hong Kong to make-tho oolobiated Chioeso soup. The world, or the. people in- it, consume upwards of 3,000,000,000 pounds of paper yearly, which is supplied1 by 4,600 paper mills. The- oredit fori': inventing the process of transmitting pictures' to a distance must bo given to Bidwell,who invented a method in 1881. iThas-beon- deoided to-hold'a-Univoreity Exhibition at Rome in 1805, the 26th anniversary of the. entry; ofthe Italian, -troops into Rtme. ' ?! Tue highest- cbiriiheys in the- world are' two in Glasgow, as being 488 feet high and tho other 455 friet, white one near Cologne comes next with a hoighb'of 441 foot. The following. appeare'in a-sraoli provin cial paper : "Tho bridegroom's present to the bride was a' handsome diamond brooch, boeides many other beautiful things- in cut- i glass." The Kaiser-has-a telephono, nnd uses it-. When he, rings up the central office himself all persona who are in tho room must retire excopt the parson attending the telephone -and a seoretary. Japan has a -now toy in tjie orusier Fqshima, lately launched on tho Tyne. She is, 360 feebdnng, and in her trial steamed more than twenty-three knots- with and against tide. It is- estimated that in India, counting 'all Protestant missionaries, there is about ono to every 600,000 people. The entire revenue of all the Protestant missions of ' tbe, world is computed-at £2,450,000. Tub businesss of importing pine-apples must be a vory profitable one. The offloial organ of Kow Gardens— the "Kew Bul letin" — says that the price of pineapples at Sierra Leone vorios from£d.' to 1 Jd. each. Shan tun, tbo Chinese province, is . the scene of a terriblo famine. Children are sold for two dollars eaeh by their parents. Thousands fall by the wayside of exbaustjoh. The survivors hook flesh off the bodies of the dead and devour it like famished wolvos. Those who are oonoerned in men's fashions will be interested toknowthat the German Emperor wears two bracelets. One is a watch bracelet, and tbe othor a gold chain bracelet. Both are worn on. the left hand. The superstitions of the Italians-are well known. Masoagni oarries abont with him a whole host of amulets of ivory, ooral, and obher materials, inoludlng a- special collec tion of unroasted chestriuts-wnririnted to turn off the ovil eye. In 1888, in consequence of the depression of -trade, tlie number of marriages in three mdriths was 0,700 less than in the- corres ponding quarters of two previous years, and 'only n very few more than tho nnmber of poraons who married in the hard war winter of 1866. Agricultural returns show that in England farinors will have un exoellent iseaond cut of grass, so that the supply of hay will not be so scanty or was feared, white the potato crop is reported to bo one of tlio best over known. The yield oft turnips also beats the record. ProbaMjY vory few persons know that tho-Lord Mayor is the-only person — other than the Queen and the Cpnetablo— who knows the password to the Towor of Lon don. This password is sent to the Mansion House quarteyly, signed by Hor Majesty.,, It is a survival of an old custom. A lady bos just- descended the Rocky Mountains on a bioycle ; while another, an. English girl, who enjoys the distitiotion of. being ono of tbe best-known eyoliste in this country, has accornplisncd tha task of travelling ahrifje oh her " mnohirio" no lqse' than one hundrtdmiijeie in sovon hours. A sunrHisiNG suggestion -ie made for tbo employment of the blind. ' Several females are ongaged in tho West-ond of London as massage operators, and it is olaimed for those blind women that their tjeliot&e; sojinp of touch, and light and deft movoroo'nts make tliein superior to those blessed with, full sight, Durino the past woek seven steamors landed cattle and fresh meat at Liverpool; from American and Canadian ports, bring ing a total of 1,883 cattle, 74 sheep, and 0.468 quarters of beef, wliioh, compared with the arrivals of the previous' wook, show a decrease oi 2,847 cattle and 2,864 quarters of beef. 1 Students complain that friends often drop (11 to / visit them und interfero with their practice. The next time visitors dis turb you in your work ploy a few scalos to them, . and they won't stay very long or bother you soon again. If they Ijoro you - with 1 their ; talk, you have a right to bore them with your music. When Buffalo Bill's Indians get through tjieir work in Chicago in tlio afternoon, they like nothing better than to repair to a merry -go-round near ' thoir camp, and revolvo'to the music of a bad hand-organ. The passer-by stops to eco the show, for the buoks rind squnryo lire in their full panoply of feathers and paint. Most people would get enough fun by riding horseback _ throe or four hours everyday without wauling to ride on wooden liorsos afterwards ; but then, real horeos have no hand-organ , attaoh-. merits. The directors of the World's Foir have ordered payment of a . 10 per cent, dividend on the bonded dobt of , 4,500,000 dollars of -the subscribed capital of the company on August 17th. Bonds to ' the value of 2,260j000 dollars , are held by the banks,. 1,Q()0,000 by the railway companies, and. trie balance by the citizens of Chiongo, » — SEBSfllljyjKtjsejilrfouildijuirnesLrUiaxiuuL ono'oE the Welb Indiaii" Islands, "and eipecft ally at Jamaiea, Trinidad, Grenada, Sb Vincent, and_ Dominica. Tlio largest nura- > ber of trees is probably found in Grenada, rind in that "spiao: island" nuttnogs, mice, - ' - and cloves are exported to tho value oi ; ' - . : aboub £10,000 to £12,000. " Advertisements are sometimes straugely worded. Not so' long ago a provision \- dealer at King's Cross notified that ho sold " the best Is. butter in London. . Nobody can touoh ib." Now we hear of an Italian' : > warehouseman who is ndvortieuig, "No foreign goods sold," and of a hairdresser, wlioso windows contain tho announcement,! "Hnirouttiug and shaving while you wait." Mr. Jhnson, the owner of a large onrage plantation noor Jupiter, Florida, oaughb the son of " Little Tiger," an Indian obiof, committing some dopredations on his plan tation, and administered a severe whipping. The Indian boy returned to his wigwam, and now the glades around Jensen's place swarm with arriors anxious to gotaohance to settle accounts with him, The Indiana in their villages are arming, and the whites havo called- upon Governor' Mitchell for pro tection. The Midland Railway Company have > now announced' (as will be seen from our advertising columns) their improved and| accelerated summer train corvices to bho, North. Theiro is by far tho most beautiful aud interesting of all tho North routes, and) the visitor who travel by it will have araplet reason to congratulate himself on his choice.' Tho Western Islands and tho Highland ol Scotland, Edinburgh, Glasgow, and thq Forth Bridgo are woll catered for, and th< North of Ireland, via Strauraor and Lame, can be reached by two hervices daily, the i-'o'ute going direct through the " land ol Burns. The Midland is to bo oongratu-' luted on the continued enterprise ib disJ playB. An Italian princo, who had a Cicilian cook, was onoo travelling to his provincial estates, taking with bim bis oook, together, with bis entire kitchen force, without) which, so fond was he of the dolicaoies they ' were wonb to prepare, he rarely, if overj travelled. At a point whoro the narrow) path along tho preoipico turned tho angle: of a projeoting rook, the l'rinco, at the: head of bis long cavalcade, heard a shriek- and the splash of a body falling into thei torrent far below. With a face white with' horror lie pnlled up, and looking round,! exolaimed : " The cook I tho cook ! Oh,/ dp tell me it iB tho cook I" "No, your Excellonoy," oried a voice from the roar,' "it is Don Proedocomo." Tho Prince heaved a sigh of relief, then saidt "Ahr oxdy-the chaplain I Thank goodness 1" v. The beautiful pink and bronze pearls from Wisconsin aro becoming very scarce Tho pcsrl-bearing Wisconsin streams have been praotically fished oub, as thoy have; been out of almost all the waters in America where pearls have been fonnd in any con siderable numbers. European fishers open the shells with an instrument that does nob destroy te animal inside, nnd if no pearl .is 'found it ie put back iq tho water. The Aaorican pearl, fisher destroys ruthlessly,' and in two or three years he has thrown himself out of a job. Tboro ia hardly a. state in the Union where pearls are nob ori havo not beon found, nnd ono of tho finest) in the world was taken from the Fassaio: river at Poterson, N.J. This gem, valued) at £500, was worn in tho crown of Empress: Eugenie. Several of the Wisconsin pearls' have boen valued at £200 eaah. The interior of tho Chapel Royal; Hrimpton Court Falaoo, whioh dates from ' Cardinal Wolsey's building of the Palace,, was ubberly ruined during the Vandalisbia days of the Georgian period. Ib is now a plain, oblong, whitewashed building, with no pretentions to decoration whatever. . Ira tho gallery, nearly over the pulpit, is tha pow whioh used to be oocupied by Honry, VIII. of pious memory. Ho had given .orders for the arrest of his wifo of tho fnomonfc, who happened- to be Catherine: Hovfard. This dona, he went into his pow: iri the Chapel to pray, and to invoko thej blessing of Hoavcn ,011 his good deeds. | Oatherfno was arrested in the long corridor.' which lends direct to tho Royal pew, and' her shrieks as sho tried to break away from her captors in order to pload in person to li.or Royal blackguard of a husband nro,. said to have been heartrending. This' corridor is ono of the parte of tlio Palace now olosed to the public— you can only see it by peering through tho big key-holo ; bub it is said to 00 haunted by tno ghost of this samo Catherine Howard, nnd during service in the Chapel wild shrieltB arc said to ring oub from, that haunted corridor. 