SMOKB^HO. rv'vr.' ,TH»N.e.W^.ir()dlW5J«nesoutasa daily during the busy election times. ™ — Five Amorican millionaires worth — Osm hundred andtiiirty insolvencies and '' ''gffmfntii in Yinforfo for the monthof ? March. ' A hew Democratic weekly, die Boomerang, makes its appearance in Melbourne about August . r THBjSec™taw.«f tt« Trade. awTLabow Hall library acknowledges with thanks from, C. J. Trundle, -microscope (complete) and 1 voL It is stated that John Fairfax and Sons (S. M. Herald) have become the largest share holders in die Brisbane Courier.— N.S W * Worker. . _ . „?; The Melbourne ^gg is beginning to pnb irsblead'uig articles tavourable to Socialism, which it acknowledges is the economic evolu tion of industry. Received from Government Printinc Office: '8tatisti^of^^ensland^_iS&^ Tiwo goldSeia reports, reports of Government Architect and Pacific Island immigration. Mb. Joshua P. Da vies, late post and tele graph master, Dinpo Heads. Logan, writes that he is not only willing to join die Amalga mated Workers' Union, but is ready to canvass for members for tiiat body. A letteb received by die UnderSecre tory, Department of Agriculture, states that the parcel of Queensland silk ooooons sent to ' England have been treated by an English firm who report that the silk is faultless. v Two bagmen, at tbe expense of the Vic torian Government, are travelling in India, Japan, and the East generally, looking for' business for the ' half -busted ' Melbourne importers and wage-reducing manufacturers. Sib G. R. Dibbs, who billed: himself to deliver an electioneering address from a Bap tist pulpit at Tarn worth, has received notifica tion from the heads of tbe Baptist religion that on no account would they permit any of their pulpits to be desecrated by die massive new of Damn-Chicago presence: ? ;- ? Dubing the reign of Richard die First it was enacted that 'woollen cloths, t wherever they are made, shall be made of,' the same width, to wit, of two ells withitt tbe lists, and of die same goodness in tbe middle and sides.' How would this fit some of our freedom of contract shoddy manufacturers of to-day. The Rev. R. Stephen, M.A., who is de livering a course of lectures in Brisbane, under the auspices of the Queensland University Ex tension Committee, on 'Modern Socialism,' has kindly consented to lecture in die Trades and Labour Hall, on Tuesday evening next : subject, ' Strikes.' 'If the Brisbane Hospital Committee,' says the TeLegraph^ ' were composed of men of exquisite prudence and unflinching courage . they would follow the rule laid down by Mr. Brooks, And deal with each case as it arises.' Straight tip for the committee men: Write articles and contribute to die Telegraph, as Mr. Brooks does. The Victorian Tariff Commission propose a reduction of duty on machines used in boot making. On th« Any thft* **-i* wm pi.hji-heii the names of some of the members of die cam mission figured in a division list to shelve die minimum rate of wage question. The whole trend of Victorian legislation is to protect machinery against labour, not labour against machinery. The PattoralitW Review says : ' It seems to ub that die first duty of every squatter is to support die decisions joI ihe aoion, «bm though they may not ia every particular accord with his own ideas.' What do die upholders of ' freedom of contract ' think of this? But (and we humbly apologise, and squirm on our hands and knees as we do so) we forget; what is good for die lordly squatteh is not good for the beggarly shearer. The Duke and Duchess of York have a son ; and from birth to old age it may be as sumed that the kid will receive a State pension, through his narents. without ever working for _ It! This is a niece of spurious ' Communism in our time,' which no one excepting Labour agitators object to. But what die Wobkeb would like to know is, why tbe toilers of die British nation who pay this pension have no State provision made for them in tBeir old age when broken down with a life of toil. Mb. A. Dawson, Labour M.L.A. for -Charters Towers, will lecture in die Trades and Labour Hall, on Sunday evening, die 8th of July, under the auspices of the Queensland Social Democratic Federation. Subject : 'Socialism: Its Economic Basis.' Admis sion free ; but there will be tbe usual oollec tion at the door. This collection, however, need not stand in the way of any person being present, as only those who can afford it we ex pected to give. Ladies are specially invited to attend. 'Once upon a time' a certain defeated candidate 'bad ' tbe M'llwraith 'push' in Brisbane. When he discovered be bad not ti» ghost of a show to win die ? seat and lit*le thanks for bis trouble as champion of d» Go vernment,1i6 got a well-known friend to send die following wire : 'If welget another £100 sure to win election.' The hundred pounds was immediately wired back. The candidate annexed the cash, anddiesfew who subscribed the money exhausted their stock of profanity in not- fit-for-publication speeches. ? The average native is not burdened witii ? _ too much reverence for ' aottiority,' and die imported individual is losing a great deal of his, as it doesn't seem to thrive is this climate. When Governors Norman (Q.) and Duff 4N.S.W), witii party, entered- 4toe Opera House the other night the orcbeslira stood up and played the glorious and immortal hymn, ' God Save the Queen.' The 'gods,' demr ous of being saved tbe irritation of such toadyism, commenced whistling the stirring ' Marseillaise.' And yet Milwraitii told. h5 banquetters Australians were more loyal dan the people at 'Ome. ' Case Kir ton v. Browne (of the Democrat) ie progressing finely. I am informed that die bailiff was put in possession of the shop Browne Bold to Harper. Harper obtained legal advice — ' Throw him out, and if he is violent give him in charge.'. This was promptly done twice. Sheriff's bailiff then took possession. Harper called on Browne, and bailiff was again fired out Bailiff gave Harper and Browne in charge, and they were fined £3 6s. each for taking lawyer's advice.'— Townsville corres pondent. Labour newspaper men should try to steer clear of both libels and lawyers. Thu ? the writer knows from the bitterest of experi ence. The farmers and others engaged in agri cultural pursuits who live and work in the surrounding districts to tbe Salvation Army farm colony in England are sending round sa appeal to die people protesting against General Booth's cheap labour. Tbe appeal says: , 'This unfair competition, supported by a j practically inexhaustible charity fund, mot ] eventually end, if continued, in die collapse or I pauperism of most of us, creating at the same I time a new centre of demoralisation. Most of us an die cultivators of small plots of land. Jpt- mtn^jrMja|^tw^tettJfcU^J^^^L_j WHs^BB^LWBiWWii«Hn^^ 