TREASURE BEiCH, A BUCCANEER 8EORT. = plOLVDEI f i " XV.— Mors Treacher. The two ©aptaina being ohoemore in the . same Teasel it was mutually agreed that, until another mutable ship was come across, -foey flhonld resume their old relations. Cesar \- nooordingly resnmed his position of lieutenant with one reservation. This was, that he should oontinue to share equally with Flood 2n all plunder. Toe amount of treasure accumulated by the pair was now considerable. Always dreading treachery, not only from their men, bnt also .from each other, it was deemed desirable that some more aeoore place than the Ship should be found for. their ill- gotten gains. A hiding-place on ehore was, therefore, sought out, and a favorable op- port unity awaited for . the removal on shore of ihe most valuable 'and portable portion of their hoards. . One moonlight night, when the. crew were all below, busily oaonpftfl in their customary work of gaming and drinking, foe adheme was carried ont. Aa wsoal when at Anchor, no watch was kept, and Flood .had taken the precaution of serving ont an extra quantity of rum that night. About midnight all the anew were either dead drunk or so far gone as 4 to be totally incapacitated from any active in- - terferenoe with the project. Cresar crept forward and viewed the scene below, through the open hatchway, with satisfaction. All of the men wore fast asleep, except a half-dozen or no, who etili aat round the table In a maudlin condition with half closed eyes. There was no fear of any interruption from them, and he at once returned aft and joined Flood in the cabin. " Well," queried the latter, "is all BftfeF" 14 Perfectly," answered Caesar; 44 the brutes are nearly all dead drank, and not one of them could crawl on deck to save his life." 41 Then the sooner we get our little job done the better," said Flood, rising. " You go on deck and get the skiff alongside ; I'll see about getting the 1 swag up." The powder magazine opened off the Cftbjn, and Flood unlocked the door and went in with a lantern in his hand. Flasks and kegs of gunpowder were ranged round. Piofcine hie way through these, he opened a trap-door in the floor at the far end and disclosed a low chamber uoderaeath. Gseear meantime went ou deck, and after drawing the small boat up olo-e under the stern, he rejoined Flood below, a coaple of strong wooden chests, clamped with ires at the corners, lay in the apartment beueath the magazine. One of these wab quiokly hauled up and carried on deck. "Witli as little noise as possible it Was then lowered on board the <skm, and the two men took their places beside it. The painter was then unloosed, and Cfesar taking the sculls polled rapidly to the ehore. Here the box was put ashore and the boat hauled up a few yard ou the sand. The spot selected for the reception of the treasure was at the ©lifts on the east aide of the bay. Taking the chest between them, the two pirates made for this spot without delay. Thete was no pattv, and the ground was rough aud in some places overgrown with eorub, but in a short time the summit of the rock was resobed. As we have already deecribed, tbe cliff at this point rises abruptly from ihe sea. About 30ft from tbe lop a ledge of rock rnns along foefaoe, on which a few busbes And a precarious rort-hold and existence. When the pirates had recovered their wind they carried their chest to the edge of the preci pice and theo, fastening a rope to it, care fully lowered it tfU it rested on this ledpe. The other end of the rope was then hitched to a tree whioh grew near, and both men slid down to where the box was. The rope was then unfastened, &ud; the box dragged to a part of the ledge where the hashes grew thickly. Parting these aride, a email opening wbs discovered in the face of the rock. Into this the chest was thrust, and although the opening was only a few feet in depth, there was ample room. A few pieces of rock were piled in front, and when the bashes sprang back into their natural position, the hiding-place was -com pletely veiled. There was no way of reach ing the ledge except by the means described, and nothing was there to ehow that human beings had ever been near tbe place. Their work completed, the two men pre pared to re-awend. Flood was first, and i had hold of tbe rope to draw himself np. Suddenly he turned to Crasr, who stood close j behind him, and exclaimed : — I n Halloa 1 what's up with the schooner ? Look at her qniefe !" Caesar turned to look at the Mosquito, ! which was peacefully resting on the moonlit waters of the bay. As he did so, Flood, quick as lightning, swung himself up the , rape ; then, with one foot stayed against the cliff, he threw cut the other, caught Cccfar fairly between the shoulders and hurled him over tbe precipice.-- It was the work of 8 moment; but whether the result of a preconceived plan, or the impulse of a sudden, avaricious and murderous thought, can never be kaown. Flood paused till he heard the splash of his victim in tbe water below, and then hur riedly ascended the cliff On the top he lay down and looked over the edge for some time. The bottom of the precipice was in deep shadow, and, seeing or hear ing nothing, - he conolnded hie murderous .work had been successful. Hurrying down to the beach he launched the skiff, aud at ouce rowed off to the sohooner. Faeieningtbe boat alongside, Flood cautiously . slipped down the "cabin -stair, tossed off a bumper of brandy, and eat down to think. After a little he got op aud repaired to Cttaar's sleeping berth, where he found a cap belonging to his late comrade and partner. Withfois in bis hand be went on deck. Listening at the fcrc-hatcn he found all quiet, ana going to the aide he pitched the cap overboard: He saw. ft slowly drift astern, and then, running forward, he shouted down the hatchway to the sleeping crew r — "Man overboard! Wake np, there/ you drunken swabs, and lend a hand here ?" Three or four of the men had recovered sufficiently from the effects of their orgie to respond to his call, And staggered on deck' in a half -dazed condition, s- "Look sharp," Flood cried ; " Cmsar'a ; : AOtdznhk and fallen overboard ! . Haul np the boat and get in, some of you." Three sailors jumped into the skiff and pushed off, Flood standing on the taffrail to direct their movements. / "There beis," be called to them, 'pointing Astern ; u. there he Is, just sinking for the third time ! Full, you brutes, or you'll loss /£/ Aim!" ,v The men towed ak best they could in their . jrtill muddled state in the direction indicated, but, ct course, saw consign, of their lieu— . " tenant; The cap tvas pfoked npT and identified ; , £ Caesar's, ana it was thereupon- concWBed1 that the worthy had gppeiorthe Bottom. Thus , did FlooaH3eotoay account to tbe crew I/! £ for his lieutenant's disappearance. „ NexMorenoon the Mosquito was gone, and , Ihe little hay once more deserted. V.— Flood Trapped—" Gesae's Ghost.", j $<> v 'Two months have sped past,' arid We again' £ findihe jfilofc schooner snugly moored in Yier UP dkroriMplace of retreat. Dazing this i foe t&d; been crafting, about the \ feflflmidswiBi indifferent success. - Home small J ' km overhauled sod a ' B! cither Uqnors: able prize had taring become odeep growls Ifoe.failufecf sLtmprfte, and md audooun- getting 'most beHevod, things - tubbed, along pretty smoothly. This check onoe removed, however, _and_ license - became . .rampant, making It only a question of tyne. for. the in- e vl table ooHapofc and reckoning, i,; - - ' Flood deterininfcdfoft Should be his last visit to the bay in the Mosquito. His energies were now centred on securing hie ill-gotten wealth, and thsn" leaving bis ship and its crew to their .fate. His own share of the plunder was safely- ashore, bnt CsBSm's-hembstbaluable.portion of which he bad unoeremo niously appropriated—was still aboard the schooner. It was now his care to have it also eeourely ensconced in the recess of the oliff. That onoe kocomplishnd, it was his intention to again' put to Sea, and either ran the Mosquito ashore near a settle ment or seize some other favorable, chanoe of nnittihir hifinafariotifi oocuoation. ' Ihe third night after the Mosanlto'a re turn Flood proceeded to get the treasure ashore. Onoe more after darkness had 'set in he rawed ashore in the h»ia skiff. This time he had to oontent himself with taking the most valuable ooins and - jewels, the box being too weighty foe one person to oarry any -dis tance alone. A Bmali bag was all he could take with eafety, and with this he quiokly soaledthe heighttand Towered himself on to the shelf of rook. Here he found the chest and its -contents untouched, and hastily adding his preoious burthen to the heap, he again retired. A few -stops brought him Co" the spot at which he had left tbe rope dangling from tbe summit. He at once prepared to ascend, hat, to his oonsternatioD, the rope bad dis appeared ! Casting a hurried glance up the clitf, he saw a man leaning over the edge, pulling it up band over hand. A loud impre cation escaped Flood's lips, a laugh of triumph and dcririon came in reply, tbe few remaining feet of rope were drawn up, and the man vanished. Flood at onoe cttoolnded he had been followed from the ship by one of his crew. He was in a terrible fix. From his men he knew he would receive no mercy. Both his treasure and bis life would be sacrificed to their feelings of greed and revenge. Again, the horrible thought struck him that it might be the intention of his follower to say nothing to tbe rest of the crew, hut simply leave him to die a lingering death on the ledge. Father alternative was dreadful to contemplate, and throwing himself down on the widest part of the shelf of rock, he cursed hie folly for sot taking better pre- known. Hero we leave him. meantime, and return on board the Mosquito, where another strange oeup was being onao'ed. When Ficed left the schooner he believed the tnen were all asleep, or in such an in toxicated condition as 10 be incapable of leaving the fore-cabin. On this particular night, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of being all drunk as usual, some twenty of the pirates found themselves still comparatively sobsr and the liquor all gone. This was a state of aflaira they were not accustomed to, and calls at onoe arose for more drink. Tee captain, they believed, would hare retired to rest by that time, but nevertheless they resolved to rouse him up. More liquor was wanted, and more they would have. After some talk, three of the crew were selected to proceed to tbe csbin and procure more ram and brandy. The three chosen were Davis the boatswain, a burly Welsh man ; Harlef, tbe carpenter, a lanky Scotchman ; und ScLt-eidtr, a Dutch a?a- man. Crawling up the hatchway the three worthies staggered aft to the cabin stairs. Here they were surprised to see a tifot still burning, but boldly descending the companion they pushed open the door and entered tbe cabin. A lighted lantern swung from the ceiling, but Fioed was nowhere to be seen. They searched everywhere, but, of course, tbe captain oould not be found. In their muddled state, it took, them same time to realise the truth ; but when they did so tbey at once raised the alarm. All the other pirates who retained their senses and the uu of their legs immediately Hocked to tbe after- cabin. At first it vms conjectured Flood cnuot have fallen overboard and met the same fate as Ceesar. Soon, however, tbe boat was missed, and a cry arose that they had been abandoned. Everyone now roahed into Flood's oab'm. Chests and lookers were broken open and ransacked. A plentiful supply of Btrong drink was obtained, and the pirates to the number of some twenty or thirty, ma.de free with all they fancied. Some gathered round the table beneath the lantern, some sprawled on tbe lockers, others on the floor. Schneider, tbe Dutchman, being the soberest man in the company, acted as ' master of the ceremories." He sat at the end of the table facing the cabin-door. Be fore him was a n ater-bccket, into which a dozen or two bottles of rum and brandy bad l>een indiscriminately emptied. This mix- tore he measured out freely in glasses, bowls, and pannikins to »11 who applied for it. i Needless to say, he was Kept well employed, and more than once more bottles were added to the contents. One by one the nirrtes dropped on the floor dead drunk. Some, half drunk, Jought and cursed. Knives were drawn and pistols fired amidst blasphemous shouts and yells of fiendish laughter. Soon only about half a dozen of the wretchfs retained sufficient sense to bs able to sit round the table. Schneider roared and yelled like a very demon, and was ably seconded in bis efforts by Harley, Davis, and one or two others. Some, in a maudlin condition, shouted snatches of buccaneering ditties of the gros sest description. " Fill np a train, boya." cried Schneider, struggling to his feet, fill np to de brim. 1 rill givs you a toast, and 1 vill shoot de man who does not drink it." So saying, be pnllcd ont a pistol and laid it on the table in front of him. The pirates round tha table at once eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. This exception was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on the table fast asleep. " Come, wake np, Pedro 1 " roared tbe Dutchman. "Wake op! No skulking here, I tell you I " mid he seized the neero by hie shock of woolly hair aod raised his head. The black's eyes turned up with a ghastly glare, but on Schneider relaxing his grip his head at once esnk down again. Vat ! "screamed the Dutchman, "you vill not take your liquor, you black tevil? By gar, but 1 will make you take it ! If you rill not take it inside, den you shall have it out ! " With these words the drunken -villain plunged his pannikin into the bucket of liquor, filled it to the brim, and emptied the contents over the negro's head. Theliquoi saturated his curly hair, and ran in streams down his neck aod face. The Dutchman's joke was received with shrieks of laughter aud wild applause. "Pedro, however, was too for gone, and lay perfectly still in his dru&keo; etupor. ."-Now," said Schneider, refilling his miqr, "ve rill have onr toast, boys. Here's ""to the Mosquito end her new captain, whoever he may be, and speedy death to Flood, the traitor ! Up, boys, up! and altogether. Hip, hip, hur " tbe sheer £ied. away .ftn faia lips, bis face blanched, and with staring eyes riveted on 4be doorway, be stammered out in a hoarse whisper — "See! See 1 my Gott, Cesar's ghost I" The pirates instinctively tuned, end there, sure enough, haggard and wan, but gazing sternly upon the horrible scene, was the figure of their late lieutenant. Davis, the . Welsh boatswain, sat -next to Schneider, and was tbe first to regain his composure. ' , "Ghost or demon ! " he cried, "111 try him vriffc:;a .$nttetl'' and seizing hold jpf he Dutchman's pistol, which still, lay on the table, he levelled it at the figure in the door way. As be did' so tbe figure held up his hand as if about to speak, and at the same time Bohneider threw up the boatswain's arm. -« Crack went -tbe pistol,: but the aim waaapoilad. e The imlUt crashed jtimmghthe; lantern which -hung :«bpra ihe fofyf-r-The botod was outun&down; it .rattled. When It etrnckihehoati buret .ppen, outflow thabUringiyriek. ;Ig>anjnHtanta iuria,Jight filatrilbeetinfii sytUaa, from the j lhmats of a honored depums, kaag through 4iie.rooin, AndFedro,tbeiegy6, epong to ids feet, .his '-brandy-saturated bead in one ter rific blaze I Now took place a aoene whioh baftlei description. From and to end of the cabin the black oareered, overturning tables, Beats, and the drunken pirates in his desperation. At last he vtumbled over a fallen benob, planned head-foremost against the magazine door, and the next moment rolled with bis blazing head rigbt in amongst ihe flasks and. kegs of powder 1 t'CQSar (for it was the lieutenant still in the flesh) sprang up the oabin stairs and rushed to toe side. Without a moment's hesitation he dashed overboard, and as he did so a terrifii report rang in h&s; ears; the deck of the echooner burst asunder ; an immense volume of flame shot up to the sky, aud the sea around was in au instant churned into foam by a shower of burniug umoer, snauereu iubcis t>uu uivmu piou&s;, mingled with which were the charred and battel ed fragments of the Mosquito's lawless crew. Crcsar caught hold of a plank and gazed around him, the only living pjui on the face of tbe sea. At length he reached the shore and crawled up on the beach as the first streaks of dawn gilded tbe eastern sky- VI.— The Secret or "Treasure Beach." . We will now return to Captain Flood. The pirate impatiently awaited tbe break of day in the vain hope that hs might then find some way out of his awful dilemma. As he sat on the rooky ledge he waa witness to the blowing up of tbe Mosquito, but, of course, entirely at a loss to account for the j catastrophe. 'What hie fate was to be be could not tell. The destruction of the sohooner made things worse. For even though he managed to find a way either up or down the cliff in safety, his retreat from the bay was cut off. Shortly after sunrise he was aroused by a hoarse chuckle from above. Springing to his feet he eagerly gazed upwards, and saw a man's head and shoulders leaning over the preci pice. " Who's there P" lie demanded, as the faoe beinc partly shaded he did not at first recognise it. " iio, ho P'came from above, "do you not know me, partner ?" Ae the man apoze he tamed, and Flood, to his consteraat;on, recognised his intended victim— ! " Casar !" he exclaimed, "is it you? Alive !" " Aye, still alive, murderer, answered tbe lieutenant, grimly; 44 still alive, Flood, and ready for vengeance. Ynu thought you had seutme to Davy Junes, but your murderous work failed, and1 here 1 am to square our reckoning." Fb»od conxidered a moment. ' Ciesar," be said, 44 1 look for no mercy from you, and I ask none. But as you're a brave man rive me a chance. Let me np and we'll figbt it out fair and square." A peal of derisive laughter was the reply. 14 Ha, ba, ha! 4 Fait and square,' that sounds well from you, Flood. But never fear ; it'll be all 'fair and square' imme diately !" Flood tried argument and«ntreaty in vain. Caesar merely laughed at him. 44 Well, then," asked Flood, in desperation, "wbat do you mean to do with me? Will you leave me to starve here?'' "Perhaps I may," replied the lieutenant, 4<bufc when you're tired of your quarters, you know what to do. If you can't get up, the road down iseasy. It's only one step to tbe bottom I Bnt meantime I've a little job for you. Hani out the box." Tbis Flood with some difficulty did, but could not with safety drag it along the ledge alooe. Seeing this, Ca-sar detached tbe rope from the tree and carried it along immedi ately above where the chest lay. There was uo tree there to which to fasten it, so, to save any chance of it slipping over, he gave it a turn round his arm and threw the other end down to Flood. Tbe latter was then told to fasten it to tbo oheat, and Caesar began to haul it up. It wae slow work, for be was terribly weakened by his hardships. As be strained at the rope he drew farther back from tbo edge, and wben the box was on a level with Flood's bead be became lost to the view of the latter. Flood at once saw his chance, and spring ing up, caught tbe rope with both hands and swarmed up the face of the rock. The jerk and extra weight pulled C;es&r; to his knees, and in his weak condition it was ail he oould do to save himself from being dragged over. Ho could not even let the rope go, £B ii was firntly twisted round his arm. When within reach of the summit, Flood, who was unaware of the rope's being merely thus fastened, drew & knife from his belt, and, quickly striking upwards, plunged it into the lieutenant's throat. This one blow sealed boih their fates. It was almost instantaneously fatal to C.-e?ar; hia grasp relaxed, and the next moment he rolled over the edge. Down went the two pirates together. The chest of treasure rested ou the shulf, but tbe two men merely grazed j the edge and plunged into theabyss bslow. la his det-p&ir;, Flood clung like grim death to the dead body of CwiU, When they bad fallen tbe length of the rope they were bronuhlup with a jerk which nearly shook Flood off. The chest remained firm, however, and its weight kept them dangling in mid - air. Then com menced a terrible fiebt tor life, Flood made a desperate effort to ascend the rope and regain the ledge. Hand over hand he struculed upwards, the body of hie late comrade swinging by the one arm beneath. But tbe more Flood desperately mounted tbe rope the more he hastened his certain fate. Every pull at the rope drew the box nearer and nearer to the verge. A few feet separated the pirate from the ledge, when, to his kotror, the chest appeared. One desperate spring Flood made for life, and, as he wildly clutched at tbe beetling cliff the chest toppled over. Half-way down a point of rock protruded. Head-foremost on to this tbe pirate fell, scattering his brains around. Crash came the chest an instant after ; the lid fiew open and, as tbe dead pirates sank in the watery depths beneath, they were accompanied to their last reBting-plaoe by a shower of treasure ! Such is the origin of 44 Treasure Beach." — 44 Strand Magazine." 