LOCAL NEWS. A Lacnceston Ghost Stoby,—"Lynx," the clever contributor to the Tasmanian Ma writes:—On a recent Sunday night a ghost was seen in a house in Charles- street, Launceston. " Ah!" said R. Lever, who lives in •the neighborhood, " Ah!" I thought as much; I saw a dog burrowing under the foundations of the house last night." The apparition was a sorry aflair, however, and was soon disposed of. About 30 years ago a wild man of the woods used to pursue women who went into the Punch Bowl bush, and of the many descriptions that were given respecting him, on two matters only did all agree. Everyone asserted that he wore a collar and a pair of spurs. But the funniest of all Launceston stories is now retailed. One fine day tie Major of the city came down the stairs from his office carrying a dead rat in bis hand, which he threw into the street. Now the stairway is steep, and each step is tipped with brass, and the Mayor slipped when coming down and going up."."Si. Lever was about to pay his West Pinafore call, and noticing the phenomena, with great keen ness, he said, " I won't go upstairs to-day, or I'm sure I'd get no luck; somebody will get a chucking out!" He walked up to the corner and took stock of people; the Major strode along with his usual martial bearing; the Western magnate smoked his cigarette; the Mayor sailed' along with his head in the air; but one poor fellow slouched along full of cares. That afternoon the Pinafore had a very bad clean up, and it was discovered that J. J. Rumpff had shot himself in this building," The Law of Lijiel.—In the course of his summing up Mi- Justice . Williams, in the ease Speight v. Svuie, said :—" Have facts been proved from which the critic, as a reasonable man, may fairly and honestly arrive at the conclusions and make the comment and criticisms and observations which he has done, even if those conclusions and observations are not true ? I tell you, without the slightest hesitation, if you have formed that opinion, even if his comment is harsh, or severe, or exaggerated, or caustic, he is protected by the law, which gives every citizen, every journal, and every individual in the community the right to comment freely and unreservedly and fully on the public acts of public men. Mr Speight undoubtedly in this case is a public man to a preeminent degree. Even if the chaises made against him are untrue, unjust, and expressed in burning and indignant language, accompanied with terms of irony, sarcasm, and satire, the critic is protected by law." Gas,—Consumers of gas are reminded that in order to secure discount on their bills they must pay thoir accounts on Monday next. Attention is directed to the realisation sale at Running's Golden Fieece, where the stock is being cleared to close the estate of the late proprietor. 