BUYETG A GHOST- Alleged Brsash c: Contract. j Mk IIai.i,, a gentleman who par- I ch:ised Cumnor Place frGai the Farl of I Abingdon, beiievsug it to fee the I Camiior Plaeo celebrated for the nnr- der of Amy liobsart, and reported to be liauated hy her ghost, is now suing for a rescinding of the purchase, owing to tho unhistoric nature of the Place's claim, to bo considered tho scene oE the occurrence. Cumnor, I about three miles weat ef Oxford, has I an old manor house, formerlyhelonging I to She Abbots, of Abiogdcin, and after I the granted to Anthony i"orstor, believed to be o?ie of tho murderers of Amy or Anno, first wife : of I?oid Robert Dudley, afterwards Earl of Leicester. This lady is known to lovers of romance a3 Amy XJobsart. and her story is best told hy Sir Waiter Scott in " Konilworth." The general theory is that Leicester, as he is best known, being of belief that if single again he would -bss able to espouse.Queen Elizabeth, get Anthony Porster and Sir Kicaard Varney to put her out of tho way-. They got aer to Cutnnor P'oce and'she never left it alive, being found at the foot of the staira" with her neck broken. It has, or course, been part of the .story that her ghost walks at 'certain times, and this it appears added a charm to the many others possessed hy a building purchased by llr Half as the genuine old manor hous?, but the claim of which to be so considered he Is now mors than doubtful about. The report of the Aborigines' Protection Board for 1593 was presented to Parliament on Wednes day night. It shows a decrease of 230 full bloods and an increase of 13? castes, or a decrease of Ot. The total number of aborigines of the colony is now 7233. The . report of the Inspector- General of the insane for 1593 was presented to the Assembly on Wcduetsday night. It shows ast increase of -lanatics during the year of 113 as against an increase in 1592 of 178\. The large increase is stated to be due to the commercial depression. The proportion to tho population was 1 in 357, the highest since 18S2, though below the rate in England. Telegrams from Paris give par ticulars of the arrest of tyro German women spies, who have been carrying on an espionage successfully for some time. The prisoners are two German women who obtained employment at a Government cartridge factory at Bel fort, an importajit foriified town, and were engaged in labelling tho cart ridges. While following the occupa tion the women had been enabled to obtain a large amount of secret in- i formation of a valuable character, i which, it has been ascertained, they j have beeen communicating to the j German, authorities. < 