Xiie Senorita's Ghost. i. t You see that a aunt little mound, said Dona Filar ; 1 that is the Senorita's grave.' She never rests there,' growled Jose Maria. ' She is doing penance.' 'Why?' asked the yonng Jinglish- msD, Mark Lairt. She was bad— very bad 1' How do yon know that, Jose Maria P said the old lady sharply, swinging ronnd on him, and throwing back her bead. She was strangely excited, and clutched her neck convulsively with one black- gloved band. < I know it because I know it,' an- 1 swered Jose Maria mumblingly ; 'and Heaven knows best of all. ' Who are you, Jose Maria, to prate of what Heaven knows? Shot yonr mouth and learn reverence.' The old man turned aside mattering, but he dared not argne with the SeDora. Then she swung herself round with the same jerKy movemeuo as uenjre, aoa spoke to the youDg Englishman beside her. 'How would you like to be buried here 1' He looked rather surprised at the question, and the old lady laughed horribly. ..... ' Here !' he said, sbrnggtog hie shoul ders. ' I would rather lay my bones in England.' Be thankful, ' retorted she sharply— be thauktul if you get ss good as this. My grandfather was eaten by fierce pigs; They killed him too f 'Good Heavens! how did that happen ?' My grandmother kept fierco pigs I and— well, she was jealous. Now let us go on.' I She swung aroond again, and led the I way through a tangle of garden that by I diyiigbt was brilliaut with crimson I passion-flowers and hibiscus, and fragrant I with tall shrubs of sweet-acented verbena I end rosemary- The uispero trees were I bowing down with luscious yellow fruit, I and the cherries blushed amougst their I orppn Ip'aVes I The house stood at one end of the I garden, where a fountain dripped lazily, I and frogs were already croaking in the I eveninglighl. I ' Who was the Seoorita V asked Mark I Lairt, with a sodden uncontrollable I desire to know. I The old lady swung ronnd angrily. I ' It's no matter to you, Mark Lairt ! I Ask nothing, and you will hear no lies.' I They passed through a creeper-grown I verandah, and entered the house. It I was a low, old-fashioned, straggling I hacienda house, built ronnd a patio. The I flooring was of red tiles, broken and I uneven. The furoiture was scanty, shabby, aod quaintly old-fashioned. I Mark looked about him with interest. I This, then, was his heritage. Years I ago, when be was a mere child, a letter I bad come from his uncle Mark, of whom I the family had heard nothing for half a century, saying that be bad buried himself in this remote corner of Chile, and that his property and fortune should eventually belong to the boy Mark, who, I he particularly requested, should be taught Spanish thoroughly. Then he wrote again, some ten years later, saying H he felt death was near, and bidding Mark wait until be had attained the age of t wen ty-fi ve before coming to claim his heritage, unless he should be sum- moned before that time, by the death of his aunt, who was a Chilian, iD which H case he should be duly informed of the event From that day there came no further H communication, beyond the news of the old man's death : and Mark, in course of time, being unable to obtain any answer to his letters, bad, when he reached the age of twenty-five, announced his intention of visiting his aunt, and had at last arrived at the ont-of-the-way hedenda on tho frootier where she H lived. After riding abont ten miles from the H surest station, leaving his baggage to follow him on a pack-mule, be and hie guide — a taciturn Chilian huaso, or countryman — fouod themselves before a tumble-down gate, leading into the H tangle of garden alreadv described. where they first saw the old lady. 'I know who yon are,' she had said it once. ' You are Mark Lairt, come to get what you can.' 'I have come in accordance with my uncle b wishes,' said be, speaking in Spanish, which he knew perfectly. You B "e my aunt.' The old lady laughed a horrible laugh. B 'Ave Maria ! Your aunt !' JLh "" " 0 i-drinw old lady. H t® a very erect and graceful way of ,. .'"S herself. She appeared to be I1® ' and well-made, but her figure was fl toodtd in a long black jacket, that H ve acr a quaint aspect Over this H t;»i te 4 black gauze manto, I , severed her head, and was drawn l? Ver her ce like a veil. Mark 666 no e&tnrff; tiinHnpflD one) avm .L were barricaded by large bine viptacles. She had awonderfnlly elastic, Wf'. an energetic yet graceful tn ! BBln6ing herself round to speak hnJVlj", -ar' 48 be etood hat in folding hie horse by the gate, and ¥ odd .0d y. thonght it H felttu ?-eexPerienoe,andin8tinctively B , y e was an unwelcome guest Tt„„ HC,'n 8end yonr guide away,' eaid uothin 'Ik' decided1?- ' He can have u, -_5,. '11ere- Jose Mar-i-a ! Jose djjj '. e touted loudly, in a strong, ' H oldm,„ - t old man eppeared, an H i tootH re and ''eared eyes, and , dieeed 8S' mnmblio6 month. He was >B poadw »iA"d aod yellow etriped ;H EWii hnn8 loosely over Ids H 8 PPing white H rihh J tied by greasy black it Pde bis stubbly chin. thm, «b4rjfv' Hone Pilar had -said H T..lbe horse.' H PuUk it,Hnd 8tood waiting" B his mu ut money and paid ietiirn»f ' "aimog that be mnet en the ince' aod atMng him to send 1 Thtnut, J??4®6 88 8000 as' possible. to lb jleartPped be man well, it went titlumt «.aend ® "n and beast H ijufbment Hid the ni'? back the horse, too," " v1-" Mart ; ow follow met' . ®B bbtsd herj slong the garden path taimt, v.'-4 wa8 joined rn -a bw DJJo®eMaria,who had delivered np the librae, and wiib cafiu?" hphpfipg after thn. 1 And then it was that the old lady suddenly stopped, swung herself round In speak' to Mark, and pointed out the Senoiita's grave. When they entered the honse, Dona Pilar turned to Mark again. A fine heritage !' she eaid derisively. 'Come, I will show you yonr room.' They passed through.the patio, where the'pavem'ent ;wis green! with age/ and eoe aamp mac oozea rrom a stagnanc pool, which bad once been the 'orna mental basin of a fountain, now all broken and leaking. The Senora led the way through the empty room, into another patio beyond j their footsteps echoed strangely in the deserted place, and rats scurried away disturbed by the sound. Dona' Pilar pulled out a rusty key,, and opened a door. The roqm.iljto which they eptered had that peculiar damp, musty smell that conies in rooms with adobe walls, that have been too much shut up. Mark walked to the window and looked ont. The moon hU? iiariTfl'lb ,fw1f> Kofit. jost as the day suddenly waned. " A pretty ojd garden,' said; . Mark, trying hard to be pleasant. At the same instant something gleam ing canght his eye. It was the moon light on the white stone of the Senorita'a grave. The old woman laughed the same horrible laugh. This le the Senorita's room,' she said. I have given it to you.' Then she went oat suddenly and shot the door. Mark looked round' the room. A heavy wooden bedstead stood in one corner." It had been a fonfrposter once, but the top-had been cat' off There was a shabby pheSt of drawers, andja phabtuer cripb5airij-'t%bchaira arid an old wash-faan- stand. A' door led uui ui cue room on eiuier siae, com municating with" the next rfioifcsi 'as is usnal in patio houses. Mark' tried one door. It was locked : thV bthfe'r "had the heavy cup-board in front of it, reaching to the top of the frame, but nut covering the Ismail window above the door, which disfigures most" Cbiiiah rooms, and which very often is not made to open, and cannot even serve thfe original intention of ventilation; The French window which led to the verandah, had neither enrtaiufe, vtmnds, abutters or fastenings of any 'jsort. ' He thrpw jt wide open, and jtriod looking ont : the Senorita's grave had a sort of fascination for him. W ho was the Senorita ? He had never beard of any one except his uncle and aunt. His uncle was dead, and his aunt was the strange old lady ; bnt who was the Senorita ? He was startled out of his medita- tions ny tne sound or a cracsea dinner- bell. Mark looked at his watch, and fonnd that it was already long past seven o'clock — -a wonderfully late hour for the hacienda dinner, which had evidently been postponed for him. He conld make little toilet, for his luggage had not yet arrived ; so, still in his riding gear, he soon crossed the damp patio, where the Grogs were I croaking londly, and the bats were wheeling and ' circling in the shadow.' I There does not seem to be a living eonl here, except the Senora and Joee Maria,' thonght Mark, and he sub sequently found it was right. Jose Maria cooked and served the dinner — a i terrible greedy meal ; Jose Maria made I the beds; Jose Maria watered the garden. | There was not another son). 1 This way,' cried the Senora's voice . to Mark, as he hesitated -where to go. 1 Here is the dining- room.' He entered a long low room with a | bare tiled floor, lighted by one small . window almost covered, with white! flowering jessamine: There wks a long deal table, with a piece of dirty brown American cloth at one end, where two places were laid, with common white plates, coarse tumblers, grimy handled koives and forks and spoons. Mark wondered what' had become of the old family silver, of which he bad heard his uncle bad a large store. He was young and strong, and rough ing it had oo difficulties for hitn. He rather enjoyed the experience, and wondered what was coming next. The run m «ar tptv dark i thfl whole house wsb dark, and he could hardly see the Senora ; bnt he noticed that she still wore a sort of veil, and that the' blaCk gloves bad not been taken oflfl 4 Perhaps that is just as well,' thought the youDg man, philosophically. Jose Maria brought in a paraffin lamp that smoked and smelt horribly. Then he popped down a big basin of casuda, in which floated islands of grease in thick yellow flnid. . Jose Maria poured out the beex, whuhas,pyen'.yUw;Mian the" caauda, and Jose Maria's owa fair hands plnmped down a bit of bread be side each plate. Mark was a philosopher ; he -merely made np his mind that more than a fair average of the proverbial peck of ;dirt would have to.be eaten daring his stay Suddeoly. the old lady startled him by breaking the alienee. Only you and I and the Senorita'a ghost !' . ' 'Where is theghostf asked Mark, calmly. 'You find out for yoprself, Mark Lairt, arid don't ask -questions,' -said she. Jose Mariabegun mujnblihg tp him self as ;he served. She rests little enough-in her grave.; That know I— none better than' L' 'Then he save a sodden chuckle, , amLaB.siid- denly grewgravBagain. The Senora' "said nothing. ' _ How large ia :the- farm, Senora?' by way jof again .breaking the eiliTOhe: ,i. 'JBpr -the life Of hitn, Mark conld riot Airing "himself to call the" old. woinan 4 atipt.' ?ou wait till - J ain : dead; : Mark Lairt — dead and buried, nnd Itheri find out for yourself. ' : YoueiTe ript" "patron here yet.' i- ' Ndtjyet,' repwted JpeeJIatia, jikea ghostlyecho. . , ...STSasfAalfl : 'Senora, yon' imisundemtand-mr. l only -wish bo firidw subject that interests yoni ; 5; " , 'Shutybnr montib and eay.-npthing, MtricVlriiti; Y(rii aren/f<mlj"ae yonr nncle was before -you.' Md'S'dse Mris,' hfiex- " Dyou want to bo Swonh's . What must be, mnet be ; bnt the Senorita' was a deril.' ' Prating old fool! Devils don't die.' Quien, sabe ? Who. knows ' Baid the old maD,. and he nodded iis' head signi ficantly. ' That's wbat l think myself devils' don't die.' ' Then heput a fowl down before the Senora, who carved it with. an. ease that told of strong muscles. .She only spoke one other word to Mark daring 'dinner, and that was looking first at Mark, and then at the diBb; The only thing that Mark found palat able was die fruit, aod it was delicious and abnndant. 'Now smoke,' said the Senora, sud denly getting up, when the meal was over ; arid go to bed when yon like. Good-night ! So Mark went out, and sat among the passion-flowers in the verandah, for it was pleasahter than the stjiffj', forty ' rooms. . He wished be co'utd hear a little more than the - Senora seemed inclined to tell blm abont his heritage, and he wondered' how be' conld get hold of his ancle's will, and find out what was really .coming to him, so as to .take it andrclear ont as fast as he can. Then he began to wondck" abont the Senorita: Certainly there ' was ia mystery concerning her, and he sat and mnaed in a glorious moonlight. Sud denly his quick eye noticed a momng Bhad.ow just below the verandah, which was raised several feet above' the level of the garden, and was approached by steps. He got up and looked over, and there, with the moonshine fall on it, he saw the upturned face of a very beanti- fal woman, with strange and lovely eyes. Her figure was lost in the shadow. In an instant Mark had vaulted over the railing, and alighted in the garden be- nv hnt fha fort a c» an nr\na ITa ltnninJ ronnd, and conld see nothing, except that a tiny door in the brickwork below the verandah was now tightly closed, and he conld swear it had been half- open when he passed it, on first entering the honse. By Jove! the Senorita's ghost J' said he to himself. The poor Senorita !' He ranciea ne neara a sott sign some where, bnt not a sigh of the ghost was to be seen. In a few minutes he heard in the distant patio the Senora's voice calling angrily, Jose Maria ! — Jose Maris, you old fool, go to bed. You will be sleep ing too late in the morning, Joee .Maria.' Mark listened to the sonnd of the old man's tottering footsteps; then they died away, and be lit another cigarette, and sat watching in hopes that the Senorita's ghost would appear again. Bat he grew tired, aud went off to bed, utai Liu jr auu J aiiU UUUIUIiUiOU Uj nerves, or by the dead Senorita or the living Senora. His portmanteau had arrived by now, and as he was stooping and unpacking it, by the light of the moon, which streamed in through the open window, he suddenly became conscious of the nocanny feeling that he was being watched. He looked np qnickly and i distinctly saw to his anrprise, in the | narrow window above the door, behind the wardrobe, the same beautifol ead face watching him. It disappeared into the shadow when their eyes met. I don't mind betting,' said Mark to himself, ' that there has been foal play here. I believe. the old demon herself I murdered the Senorita.' i Then he undressed and went to bed, i and slept the dreamless sleep of 'youth and health, but the last thing his eyes rested on that night, and the first thing i they saw in the morning at night I bathed in silvery moonehinejnthe morn- | ing glowing in golden aimshine — was the the Senorita's grave. IL The next morning Mark was awakened by the sunlight that streamed in through the window. He jumped op aod began to wonder about the ways and means of tubbing, and sallied forth 'in pnranit of Jose Maria. The old man was lighting op the jlritchen fire when Mark explained his requirements. 1 ' Caramba ! lust like the old Datron.' eaid the old man gazing at hun with , a sort of faint admiration in his looks. ' Caramba !' you are like him. too, Patronclto, and he, yes, he had tbe gopd heart.- He "gave me flannel when my pains'' were bad, and. good cognac-— good good cognac ! Ave Maria ! how good it 'was to ' whrpi op. the stomach.1 ' All light, jqee Maris, yon and. I shall get along firsb-riate too, ! am sore. You go and bny your flannels the next time you go 'to' town, aud' I will see after the cognac. There's something for you.' ' What is it?1 mumbled the old follow trembljn'g'vrith exciteipeot /''ten dollara! Ave Maria I Do not tell the SeMh. .God wifl rep'iiy you, Patrriricito— God 'aad the'blessed 'Virgin ; and I wiltserve yon — yes, yon will see.' What 'abont the bath T Diantre ! there is the old patron's, -bathj, but-he' SSenoTa ( whu!8".,lcl."'foe if ; I took yon-riiere,' and he diuridedto' himself' quietly. 4 Better, go' . to fhej Oatangue — the big- tank np above the: garden,' ' All right.; but why can I not have my nncle's bath f Because,' said the old man mysteri ously, lowering his voice nervously — because' — then he looked ronnd; furtively, and even glanced over bis; shoulders, though he was standing with his back to the wall— 4 there is the room next door.' 4 What of that? 4 Leave that room alone; Patroncito ; better have nothing to do with it. Let; tbe- devil look after his awn work.' 4 Jose Mar-i-a — Jobs UM-sahonted; Dons'Pilp in the itouV patio f fFa vos'k I am>so«mng ' ; an jhe! oldhian hobibled oE ! iWhereis'the estanque, Jose Maria V Marh-rSffwl after him, determineq|fto; nave me oani come woan mignt > the vrillows grovh-fMronrito.' find-; the reeeryoir, whi<m.wasr«h»4ed Ay willoettj'whbSa hfeifiP fSHa|h Ydrmed a jAlirinnaly icobliicn,lieinaaae,hi81vriy; bafcoJihe hPB®B 4lh l!Jlterln8 bJ back door, . which- -he fonnd open, and mOAA n-wawdfiwitldiiilf MA s.'-f-')/.-- ; As he pasaeATOfengh another back yard, whidb.he had not seen before, he looked unconscionsly into a small room, and saw to his surprise . that it was a -comparatively comfortably -' fitted - up bathrroom, evidently long' disused. By Jove ! the . bath room !' thought Mark, stepping injnspired with, cariosity by the old man's words. A strange odorif pervaded the place. It was different from anything he-had ever smelt before, and it etrnck him. as ah extraordinary mixture of antiseptics and rvtrmntiAn TTa lnnlrAfl rAntlfi. fint there was nothing' to .acopant for it. Then he noticed .a door leading into another room, and, approaching it, found that the strong smell, whatever itjnight be, came ftom that direction, . 4 Perhaps she concocts some .hor/rTBle medicines, or' something ; dried black cata and owls f who knows T thonght -Mark ; ' end that is why she does hot like any one to know ahont it.' Then it etrnck him that it would be easy to see into the room from the verandah, and he had the curiosity to go round and try. Bnt the window was completely closed by boards, which were evidently nailed from the inside. He -went back to his .own room, and finished dressing, then he made his way to the dining-room. ' You hgd better taken cup. .of tea and eohie ilrerid , Mark Hurt, said the .Senora, .who sat there .in the dim. light, for the creepers over the small window idmost"darketfed_te room! 4 There'' is ho batter, hers,'- Bhe went on. \- Mark said pplitely that it was hot of the slightoBt ndwegaence. How long are yon going to stay, Mark Lairt ?r 'sald Doba Pilar. He saw his opportunity, and told her that he wah merely waiting her pleasure to discusa affairs, take ' what he was entitled to and" be' off.' "Hie Senora" looked at him triumph- &dllv.; Ka (ftniHhit. ( the vHMfurlr Lairt T ' And the wjll,' he repeated qaiptly. Yon are powerless with, the will, fool.' 4 That remains to be prqved, Dona Filar ; if yon are unwilling to enlighten me, I suppose my uncle's' lawyer will do so.' - xoe oiu lawyer is aeao, ana mere is no o.her, Mark Lairh .Yon had better go home, and wait until I am dead. Yon are nut patron yet.' ' Why, Dona Pilar,' replied he good- natnredly, 'yon might live a hundred years. I am entitled to my share, what ever it is, irrespective of y'oo. Remember I am twenty-five. 4 Twenty-five — Ave Maria ! twenty- five. If I had had to' bring yon op, yon wonld never bave reached tweoty- fiva' Yon are very kind, Dons Filar,' 4ano9iino1c.' fiaria T am ' n livrincr certainty, and I am' twenty-five.' My grandfather was'eaten up by pigs,' said she slowly — 4 killed and eaten by horrible pigs, fierce, pigs, because a woman wished it bo.' 4 1 have not seen any abont here though, Senora.' Dona Pilar jumped np, and swhng out of the room. ' Jose Mar-i-a — Jose Ma-ri-a,' she 'shouted, and went off to find him. A few minutes .later, Jose Maria put his head round the dcor of the dining- room, then stole in and shut it noise lessly. 4 Patroncito,' said he mysteriously, she is dressing to ride to town. She is after the money.' He bent down, and began to pall off an old worn boot full of holes. 4 Poor old beggar,' thonght Mark ; ' a shame to let an old man like that go abont with such boots.' Then he asked Jose if be had no money to bay clothes with. ' Nnt a cant since the old natron died. Not ajhalf ceqt. Fqod and lodging only, food and— lodging;' the word came out with a jerk, caused by" the effort in getting off hlijbbpfr 4 Here,' said Mark, giving him some money, ' get yourself some boots, man.' The old fellow waved it aside." ' It is not that, Patroncito '—he had polled off a terribly old sock by now — 4 it is this,' and ont of the sock he produced a small packet. 4 1 have carried this eight long years for yon. The patron gave it to me before he died. When the Patroncito comes, it will be in eiebt years, Jose Maria,' he said. 4 1 can trust no one here, not even the lawyer ; bnt l ean -trust you.' And every year, I have cat a notch here on this very door, on -the mormng of the purisima when he died — here on this very door, Patroncito, for in this very room be gave it to me.' Mark took the packet with an ex clamation at astonishment, aniL .pushed some money into, the old withered hand. 4 Wait, Patroncito,' whispered Jose Maria in a terrified whisper, 4 for the love of Heaven, do not open it until she is gone. Hie dead and the living have eyes.' Then he shuffled away, and Mark saw him -in a'few minntes leading ronnd two horses. The Senora mounted pne, aud the old man the other. Mark, y ho had trirfri-tivi vKaHinr'fiTiA «uoed it or not, in order to find ont spmetlimg about the money, was'now only too glad to see her off, and have a quiet time ' to look at the packet. 'I leave you,' said Dona Pilar, 4 to the-Senorita's ghost And so saying, she rode off, with the sohd pf ; -bff.rible laughter. Mark went back to the verandah, and taking ,MEt?i'>pockC|Jfe1I.cnt the string of the sealed packet. Hie outside covering 'was of oilsilk/'&nd; the letter Inride wavcleah and well preserved. It was from 'his ' uncle. The letter contained a statement of affairs, and proved, to Maj-k'e astonishment, thatjhp had come .in fpr a snm pt dollars, that was equivalent tojBlOO.OOO, in . bonds were also to fall to' nim at her death. There «a8 besides a legacy of SO, ODD dollars to MMdfinaj ' whpto'1 Mark con- clafleji foasthaye bepnthe Senorita, and fiiffy dollars q mohth as tp be paid to bis fedthfolcervant Joee Maria, in order aX-i I- Aa— A-.-MWX . VDBii UV UUlll WUIIL UU UIVR vuv wu his days in 'peace. ' 4 Poor old fellow 1- thonght -Mark ; 4 much money'or inmii'peace bebas had ance tb&t; old 'demon btok op the reins. -Whyrthere is abo n 1 5,000 d oil ars owing him by now, Neysr miod ! My lady, I think I am aboot jeven with yon now. .iqttiiSdiaaiot jnfipd laying 3to«v® hot that you mnrdersd the Senorita.' Hen he lit a rigar and bcan to think twbafc vrasthe btfet conrte to pursue" ; and being a man of decision and having) made up hiB mind that -the Senora was up to no good, he went ont, canght the; best looking horse he conld see in Hie: corral, saddled it, and started off to; town. ' He did not harry himself mncb, as' he did not want to overtake Dona Pilar: and awake her suspicions. So he rode) leisurely. It waB an hour and a half before he) reached the little town, and the heat; WAS intense hv this n'm# ffo Anfrdil ! his way to the bank, and went there: first to make inquiries. He fonnd,! scarcely to his surprise, that for the last, year, the Senora had been drawing the money ont as quickly as possible, and | that she had long since carried away the strong box, containing the bonds, jeweUeryjma ojher; yalqabjewhiph had been deposited there by his uncle. She had already visitqd the, bank that day and had drawn opt the last of the cash. As no one had ever heard of the will, the bank manager had imagined that it was all right, and that the Senora wsb sole heir, for there had'been oo one to dispute the fact; but they all feltgreatly puzzleid to know what' Hie oU lady had done with the money. Mark produced the wijl and explained the circumstances. 4 She must have the money in the house,' eaid the bank manager, for it is impossible that she has taken it sway. She knows no ope.? Then he advised Mark to take the ad vice of the best lawyer in Chile,adding tbat,ho ,would heed a pretty sharp one to outwit the -Senora.. 'It is- only within the; last year that we .have seen much of her. The Senorita . used to manage everytfaimg.' ; 'Who wastbe Senorits T asked Mark. Bnt be could get little eatisfaction, for tap one knew mncb about, lur. She was eqpppsed.'to be the daughter of Dona Pilar!! fiffflt; bnsKani fnr iJiufionnro roan a widow when Mark's uncle had married her late in life, and Madelina had come to live in the hadetida when Doha Pilar became mistress there. Sbie bad died very suddenly abont thirteen months before Mark's visit. She was a very beautiful woman. Of one thing, and one thing only, m>jrz rem eufe, ana tnat was tuat sbe had met with foal play, and that her memory, was. much maligned. He rode qnickly back' to the hacienda, his head fall of projects,-' and arrived at the hnuse before Dona Pilar had re turned.- He nnsaddled hishorsp, groomed it, fed it, aud turned it into the corral ; then went to sit and smoke in the verandah. ' If the Senorita's ghost u about,' he thought to himself, ; no w js her time. Bat thoagh'he sat there for a good hoar, he never saw a sign oftbebeauti- fnl fjlTfl t.hfl-f. llDil fno'ria flnali an V m _ pression on him. In course of time the Senora and Jose Maria returned. ' I hope yon have had a pleasant day, SeDora," said be, meaningly. A.pleasaoter day than yon are ever likely to have, Mark Lairt,' said she. Look here, Senora, yon and I need not waste many words between ob. I, too, bave.been to the bank ; I want to know what yon have done with my unclo's money— with my money? Jose Maria, who bad crept up noise lessly, gave a startling sadden cackle, and as suddenly grew grave. Go off abont your business, old fool 2' said the Senora sharply, or you will langh'the wrong way. And you, Mark Lain, where is the will j' I know where the will is, Senora, and yon know where the money is, and I mean to have it.' His words evidently took her aback. What imp gave you the will ?' Never you mind, Senora ; all you have to do is to eive dd mi money.' Bnt the Seqora rushed past him sud denly, and Mark saw her no more that evening, for Jose Maria, with a grim chuckle, cAme.a'od bade him dine alone. The .Senora wsb indisposed. :Mark had a quiet dinner,' aod went to bed early.' His -window, as neual stood wide open, bnt the moon wag .not yet pp.; Mark got into bed aod began to read, but before long, the same ohcon- trollable desire to look up came over tnm,.atad rieing bis eyes, he saw as he expected, the beautiful pais sad face with: the strange eyes, the face of the aud crept into the garden. His heart was ' beating violently, for he feii that h6 vras abont to disco ver the truth, concerning the injured dead.. The young man faaid a strange Quixotic feel ing, that be would like to clear the Senorita's name, to prove that' the beautiful .deeding- face that haunted turn belonged to a good and m.aligoed womaD,- who had been -foully done'' to deatb, -gtad not' to, ae JoBe'Maria said, a dieviL \- . As he approached the grave, he. saw tbemoving1 light mdre dearly, htrt' it Senorita's ghost again 'watching him, aqd agiin it dissqipeared when' their eyes met. Madelina,' he called, impelled by a strongdeeiretospeaktoher — Modeliqa V She did not reappear, though he waited anff waited in hopes of seeing her agaia. He could read no more, the book had lost its interest for him, and at last " he pnt'onttife' light and went to gleep. . Mark awoke with the consciousness that something was ...happening. He opened bis eyes, aud looked out through the open window. The moon bad gone down now, and it was dark, very dark. But moving about ontside, in the direc tion of; the Senorita's grave, he saw for n motnent .the feint twinkle of a light, that spddnly came and as. padqetajy disanneared. He aunnr ont of bed 'WfM' ground, and fee recognised it aa a dark lantern. :- He did pot go' new, bnt, screenedby eome shrtibs, stood quiet)y waiti ho'd watering the weird seine. Mark -saw itwastheSenora, forthough her:faoewas hidden, the ligfat feli fall on :ber figui apd she was — Jie found fe yamptne, digDg np the" Seuorita'c grave His ' blood xan cold. Here Was the .crael lhardereae, not content 'weVll-'llAn "tlMnaiLl A ! " ' tiAVAlr— the qeath of Jier mjtimbent on iosoltvig the wretched body. . He - could, see fiiw etooping' over the'plafce vrberfe- the tabor .4;,; vstMp|nef;;an%li|gij ; hlltingjnpontaomethineWhichceeonnded to the blow. It was the" ijoffiti. .Then 1%-, fr&l; mm 'MpmpgnW APri foreed iopen - the; lid rwith wonderfully iittie <diffioulty; looked <in, <and seemlogl j gloated over what lay there. Than she turned roucd, and, lifting a email black' box that stood on. the ground beaideber, pat it into the coffin. Mark, saw her ooieelesely clap her hands, and dance a. weird and ghastly witch dance of; triumph and joy round the grave, She stooped, and twirled, and twisted, and capered, like a hag distraught, waving, her arms anff gesticulating silently, and .laughgd a terrible mirthless laugh, low and almost beneath her. breath. Hen she nuiptlv nhnt. -top lid and fastened it, threw a few spadef nls of earth over the coffin, and scraped it together with the spade. Her strength seemed almost superhuman as she replaced the heavy blocks of stone that .covered the grave, finally smoothing the. disturbed . earth ronnd the edges that no trace' should be left to betray her. Mark, when be aaw that" she had almost -finished, slipped noiselessly and ' qnickly - back to his room, and from his bed watqhed the twinkling . light -come ' jfiowjy .up, tbe garden. As he expected, it approached his room, and thelSenora .at odd quietly at the window, as if to listen. She flashed the lantern ;in his face, but he never blenched and lay with clowd eyes, apparently sound :asleep, until the old woman stole away as she had corny, Bnt Mark conld .not . sleep ; . the horrible scene hannted - him ; and - he was puzzled to know what to da Of two things he felt convinced ; first, that Madelina had . been murdered by Dona Pilar ; and secondly, that the old woman bad hidden the etoleu money in her victim's coffin. Suddenly, while tossing about rest lessly, he heard a strange sound. Some one was moving in the house now. Mark listened intently. . What it was, he conld not say, bnt it seemed as if some very heavy weight qra8 , being dragged along the floor. Burning with ann'auSto h. C — 3 a. £ A vu>1»uvj UC juuipcu uuh ul vtsu agMO| but just as be opened hie door be beard the snimd of footsteps slow and laboured, as if heavily hardened. He peeped oat caatigusfy, and saw first the faint glimmer of light, as ifae Senora ap proached, crossing the side of the patio opposite his room, and then her mnffled figure with the lantern fastened to her bead, in some way, while she, with both hands, dragged along what .appeared to be a sack ; and at the. . same time the house became permeated with jhe strange odour. Mark watched her disap pearance into her own room.aod poll the sack inside to, hot sbe did not sbnt the door. In a few minntes she slipped ont again, aqd passed to the for patio, Mark followed cantionsly, making no sound. The Senora disappeared into the room next the bath-room. Hen there came a noise as of something heavy being pushed along the floor, and Dona Il:l j , ... ariiur emergen wicn along case wnicn she pulled behind by aeeana of two ropes. Mark was curiona to know what it was, and felt convinced that it was some of his stolen property. He slipped back to bis own room, and watched the proceedings through a chink of the door, as before When the old lady passed, Mark saw that it was a long- shaped case with sacking fastened ronnd the middle, bnt he could make ont nothing more. Dona Pilar reached her own door at last, aod the case being long, was awkward to pall round the corner. Om end struck sharply against a small capboard that stood in front of the Senora's door, and served as a stand for a filtering stone. She tamed round and bent down, the light falling fall on the case. Mark saw to his horror that it was. a black coffin. Ha could even see tb point of .a white cram painted on the lid, and just .showing beneath the sacking. Dona Pilar pulled it in with little difficulty, and shut and locked her door. Mark went back -to hnrf mnrc nnzrJnl and horror-stricken than ever. He felt on the eve of some even more terrible dieepvery, and hardly closed .an eye all night. But no further sounds" reached him, though he listened long and intently, and the mystery seemed very deep. He fell asleep at last, and slept long and late, the heavy sleep that oftep follows a wakeful night. When hB roused himself, he found to his surprise that it was nine o'clock. Hegqt.np and went, oat to his open-air bath, and re turned refreshed and glowing. As he nnenoJ fha frifiilian raniiine nlrl _Tam Maria hobbled np, said, with a sudden chuckle : The Senora' -is", indis posed still, Patroncito. Yon "will not see' her to-day.' The devil is' abont" he added significantly. Then Mark asked him what he meant. What will be, will be,' be answered vaguely ; and .hurried away. Mark took his morning ditayuno, or breakfast of tea and bread, :and . soon sauntered down the garden on pretence of smokiog, but really to examine the Sennrjta's grave. He could see the freshly-tnrned earth, just showing at the edges of the : stone, but to the ndinitinted there was not a sign to tell oif dqsecratigni Musipg deeply, Mark walked op and lneuanie sweetness, ana vanwusu. jumb. fancied jie .heard a ' light . footstep/and thonght there was _a sound of rustling leaves, bnt jt was only imagination, for no sign oif anything could he find. He searched' the garden feverishly ; be called'quietly, bnt it was all in 'vain. : - -Unable -to bear . the inaction -;and suspense any longer, Mark took horse and rode Idthetown agaSD, and went to ses hisoew friend, the hank-manager, :wh'o was a pleasant yonn EngU shman, h Kfffa"mnM iftttn Ilia nnrri tanta 'ITta taffH aown anaer too spaae oi peomo wees, and listened to'the cqaselese caUs offhe wild birds. And then, glancing op 'by chance; his quick -eye caught sight for a moment 'of the pale beautiful face, set in a halo of green and feathery foliage, and, as before, watching him intently. It was the face that was in his heart continually, the face of the Senorita's ghost ... ' Madelin&.Madelina, he cried,hoIduig out his arms. 'What is it, tell me:) For the love of heaven tell me.' The white face fldshed with a look of eslteted'as /to tee adrisatty of taking a- lawyer's advice about - tee itnatter of the:-' money, being, ' to tell the tarath, principally anyone to first discover'for msflf .'jter of: tee ' Senorita's , fate. 7. -i 7' 7 '.,7-) .-' . i -7 He irode beck and reached the hacienda .veiy'Ute ; it'' was already --'deurlc. \ -H® 'unsaddted i'ias 'iiorae, ; ! tau'd,7 w ' tacdeli gW«nea;apds|aa in into the corral. ®ien;he wentxn. ; ' Jose Maria met'hlm. The Benoira ih. dead,' said he shortly. . .' Good heavens T exclaimed . Mark. Dead) What is it! What do .you meau? How terribly sudden !' 'A. matter of thirteen months.' 4What do.yon mean, Jgpe Maria f \- Bnt the old man was chuckling and mumbling to himself childishly. 'Come in, come in and see. her. She is laid ont fine. She said yon were to come. The devil said so.' Mark follnwul omnvoH Jose Maria threw1 wide open this door of the Senora's bedioom. The curtains, for it had cnrtainB, had been drawn, and the room was vety dark, except for four candles at the fonr corners of an open coffin, that stood on treaties. The lid, with a white painted cross, lay on the ground at one side. Mark recognised it instantly. . The young man mastered his .cepng- nance, and drew near; at tee .same time repelled and attracted with a horrible attraction. He.drew book, with a Bfort, 4 What I Great Heavens 1 That ! — that ! — that is not tee Senora f For In the coffinJay a torribjp, awesome, dried, up mnmmyihe corpse; a fnghtfol, distorted, shrunkenthing. And then came a strangely Ught step, and a gentle rnstling sonnd tlmt made Mark look qp. Here, on the other side, of that terrible : body, stood the beatriflfol, swaying -figure, of white, until now, he had not" seen the face, tee figure of the Senorita's ghost. Mark forgot everything ; forgot the horror, the dreadful corpse, the awfol mystery, and undoubted crime of it all -—forgot everything bnt : that , beautifol woman. Madelina ! Madelina ! for the love of heaveo speak to me ! Tell me . who youaref In an instant he wu ViaaMa Iiai-. anil fonnd no fading, fleeting ghostly shadow, bnt- the warm, living presence of a glorious woman. 4 Tell me, trnst me 1 Madaliua, trust me! Let me spare yon from this horrible life. For God'e sake, trust me ! I love you ! Oh ! my soul ! I love you P His heart, his chivalry, hie manhood, uujiw vary- niui wn blinca. u 8 would save and protect her.this beautiful and maligned creature; he would deliver her from this living death. And then sbe spoke. 4 Dost thou love me, Mark )' His answer was to catch her pas- eionatoly in hisj arms. 1 Come ont from this awfol room,' .he whispered wildly. 4 Madelina, for Heaven's sake, come ont.' 4 Mark, I love" thee. I have loved thee since thon didst first come. I have watched thee. Bat the Senora kept me imprisoned, and said I.was dead, Mark llnali and hnrip'd Wtof mniil T L 1 Thou dost know how wicked she was. HOW I>A.d _1 >„ ,.hAB 4 Ob, my love, it is all over! Come away. Have no more fear, for I will protect thee.' 4 Strange ! ob, my soul, terrible 1 im possible ! He old fiend. She was a demon.' And then a strange chnckle made Mark look round ; it sounded as if it came from the coffin ; but it was from Jose Mario. He old man seemed moved by some intense overmastering excitement; his eyes burned and gleamed; bis face worked convulsively. He pointed his withered shading band at Madelita, and cried in a shrill clear voice : Demon ! lier ! I -will speak the froth, and save my Patroncito.' 4Spe, sbe, herself is the Senora ! tee piurdered the old patrons thirteen months ago, and kept her preserved in the room next the bath room ; it yrae to get the money, and she has hidden it in the Senorita's— — ' Bnt before he conld say the word, Madelina, with a tenable yell pf mad- ness, had torn herself from' Mark and d'sshed upon th® old man; upsetting the coffin, and throwing down two of the candles, in her headlong rnsb. ' Fopl ! I kill you/ and before Mark conld stir to save him, tee had plnpged a dagger into Jose Maria's heart. He sank down without a sound. Then the wjretehed woman turned to Mark. . ' Mark ! .Mark ! believe it not ! Mark, my beloved, my eonl 2 my heart !' she held ont her white hands. Say thou dost nqt oeUBye it. Jturx, l can restore thee the money, I can give thee all and more. Say. thou dost not believe it' Stand back. murd rees 2 — stand back ! I betieee It aveiy word. For, as tbp old man was speaking, a thousand : things sprang into Mark's mind, and cried out, 4 It is the truth.' The' form, the figure, the action, aud yoice of Myelins) the mystery of the room next the bathroom, and the horrible corpse— the whole thing seemed to be explained too clearly now. And whatever donbt might hare been left in his mind, : vanished, . when he himself, with his own eyes, witnessed the murder of Jose Maria. Thon believest it 2 Thou lovest me not I Die then,fool, die 1' and tee dashed at him with her dagger. ' Bnt Mark was strong and well pre pared. He. canght her arm, and wrenched tee dagger from her, . flinging it far away into the patio, where it foil with a splash into the stagnant pool. And then .ensued a frightful .struggle for the woman fought with the strength of a maniac. He white fingers-clutched his throat, and it was almost more th?ta he cogid do to free himself ..and over power "frea He dragqedher .ont at last; and remembering ; teat there was a store room next door which could be fastened firmly froqi th outside, mauageff to tOBLU kt| «U\I WIIMBW U6t -tug UU Ut«IV tee heavy holt He hurried away, leaving her beating wildly. against tee door, aod filling tee house with terrijite laeghter,and shrieks that madehis blood rnn nold.. > Ae be passed the Senate's room again he saw, by tee light of tiie two jsandles that remained burning, tee tomble mummy lying huddled np on -the floor fralf 'benehth the overturned coffio, and tee cbrpBe of Jose Maria stietoliri on tee lid - with the white gainted crCtta that juet ehowed beneath his poncho. \- 'Mark hardly knewbow begot to the Lroa f.Ii'i-J r, aaW whan he blmacff galloping at fnll speed along tea narrow track that ted to tee town. 'i ; : Hqdrew 'rrin at tee batah' inantager's Joeri W'®' dl am0bintedmpre . (Iradti)iaa slivei. Bu t he pulled himself tqgtther, and told hie tale, and two' hours later, tbp Bb-pelv3q mffiaix policemen, were galloping back with him to the scene of the murder. As thty reached the top of the hill that overlooked tee hacienda a lurid glare lit np the Bky, and tee valley Was filled with denBe smoke. The old honse was in flames. At the gats a troop of terrified horses test had jumped ont of tee corral stood huddled together trembliug. They were the only living things there were near tee honse, for the form buildings were Tbe front of the honse was already destroyed, the roof had fallen in, and nothing but the burning walls remained glowing like a red hot oven. The deed and the living were gone. Victims and murderess had alike disappeared toget her. Mark staggered op against his friend. 1 Step up, man ; it was the b,eat tiring that conld happen. She was a raying maniac)' Here, was nothing to be done. The murderess bad taken the law into her own hands, and set fire to the honse. Aft loaof. wren 11a atr'u oniwrnnlinw WWW «WW« www wawsu D OUJfVUUUU 2 there was no other way to aeeonot for the fire, bnt neither he nor any one else would ever known the truth with certainly. And now,' eaid the manager, ' let ne examine the Senoiita's grave and find the money.' They set to work; raised the atonp,aud uncovered, Dot a coffin, bnt a large box, which contained, as was expected, a great many packets of money and valuables and a small iroixcaae white the manager recognised at once. 4 1 congratulate yon,' said he to Mark ; this is yonr heritage!' There was over £1 20,000 in bonds and hard cash, besides jewellery, silver, and many other valuables. ' Mark merely shook his friend's hand; be could not trust himself to speak. Tbe money seemed as nothing ' now in his eyes. It was not worth one thous andth part of tee awfol experience he had just gone through. Wherever he looked, wherever he turned, be was haunted continually by the thonght of teat beantifni face, aDd of its awfol secret. He realised everything, sold his pro perly for what it would fetch, and started for Europe as soon as it was possible for bim to get away. And io the peace and quiet of an English home he does his best to forget the burr ing memory cf those few days in tee hacienda, and of the horrible, terrible secret of the Senorita's Ghost.- -Argoty. 