The Bronsswinf Cricks-: Clu1>. By ax Australian, ixt the " globe," We were known as tlie Wallabies and we rather fancied ourselves, sported J colors, and laid claim to the title of the ! preuuer inland cnekei club in auv j direction. Within a get-at-able circum- | fereuce, we had beaten everything. <Ine after the other, every township bad succumbed to the might of oar crank bats and the iuviucible swiftness of our left-handed bowlers. And we yearned fur iresli worlds to conquer. There had even gone around a bated whisper of. i he metropolis, coupled with such names as Bruce aud Bauuermauj " Svd " Gregory and ' Sammy ' Jones. Wny should we not venture to show ourselves at Moore Park, and discover wnetlii r " long Jiui's " terrifi?; yovkers. or Mb I gee Alien s " dea-ily breaks would prove as (.iiective there as on their native soil ? We were fall of pride, inflated with the consciousness of a long triumphant season, ami deter tiiued that ere another arrived the li.-ttne of the Wall thy <J.C. should be a familiar as household words iu Au-diiiiiau mouths. TIIE CHALLENGE. Tilings were at this- -stage when the secretary of the club received a letter — -a badly spelled, atrociously-written challenge, sealed with the imprint of a great dirty thumb. It ran : — " Us, as culls ourselves the Bronzewing Cricketers of Cutt.iwatta Creek, hereby invites you to a friendly game to see which is best man out of the two. As ours aiut a fust class ground we had better come to yourn. Hopping this . finds you in good heltb as it leaves us ai present thank God for it, 1 am yours truriy, Jim Brown, Captin and Bouler." You may try to imagine how this unique production was received by the high-toued and fastidious Wallabies. At first ip was determined to ignore it completely. But we were simply spoil ing for. a fight, and- it was resolved at last that one morsj vie lory, even over such inglorious opponents as these, woul 1 help to puc as in fitter trim for the metropolis. Aecordiuglv a court eous reply was sent-,- arranging all preliminaries. Cuttawatta we knew by name only as a small settlement, some 50 miles away-, in the noantaius, whose inhabitants bote a none too savoury reputation in the matter of horseflesh. the beonzewinqs,- We-rdd"G3ato the township early, all . --- curiosity to see the mountdin men who had the audacity to challenge the best team outside the capital ; bnl, early as we were, they were before us. As we approached the first public-house we tiw quite a mob of poniep, their bridles and saddles mended with hits of. green hide and wire, standing patiently around. Presently their owners appeared, gre? t, neavy-iearded, fellows, with bends like shoulders of mutton and f--et like canoes ; and all evidently fresh from ' nips round," Their captain introduced his men shortly. ' There,' said he, with a wave of liis hand, ' is the ! Cuttawatta chaps.' 'There,' pointing to a very, greyheaded man, ' is Jack Sadler. He comes from a place in the ole country they cuil-i Nottingham. Au he's played the game ever since Ke was so high. He've co ne to sea fait play. There's whips o' bewlers «u)png us. But I does it mainly. Come an have a drink all hands. lU& uiy siwut» t This inevitable preliminary over, they unsaddled, turned their horses on', and annoaneed their intention of shift ittg," a process of which we wore anxious to see the result, not know ing hut what they intended lo take the field booted , breeched, and spurred as ihoy were. But when we returned from our hotel . elaborately got up in fl mnels. and blue : caps upon which the Wallaby shone in ; silver thread, we found our opponents raliautiu now but evilsnmllitig bruiz?- j colored moleskins, belts of carpet snakes' skins, white shirts, aud soft j f;lt hats decked with a whig of a beautiful pigeon frjtn which they took their name. Around each brawny neck shone a green silk handkerchief, new elastic-side boots encased th'ir great feet, and they tripped about the field aud passed the ball to and fro with a neatness aud dexterity that made us stare. But they objected to making, They had never beard of fcuch a thing. Wbv, wasn't the ground good enough without having to cover it up ? At home they played in all sorts of places, never taking any notice of ' butnps and hollows' or even a boulder or two. But they were reasonable folk. Aud when we pointed out the impossibility of scientific players like ourselves batting or bowling on any but the very best procurable pitch, they laughed good- huaaouiedly, aud gave in. They laughed still more when wc told them l ow much our beautiful green carpet bad cost us, and what pains aud expense we had gone to altogether to make our ground one ot the best for its size in the colony. WELL TO THE OFF, Winning the toss, they, by the advice of ' Old Jack Sadler,' sent us to the wickets. He also acted umpire for the visitors. If there was one thing more than another upon which we prided ourselves, it was our leg hitting. But, to our disgust and annoyance, we never got the ghost <-f a chance to show what we could do in this particu lar department of the game, as the Bronzewing bowlers pitched every thing well to lhe off. Thus, one of our most dashing hats put up a soft- little catch to a ball lie should have left alone ; and another thinking to profit by the lesson, never stirred liis bat to the ball that s teaked in to his wicket. And not for nothing, as we soon discovered, did the Brouzewing captain add that oilier title to bis signature. He howled medium-fast, with an old-fashioned delivery, square from the shoulder, and got such a twist cn the hall that it fr< quently broke in, despite our hatting, a full two feet. The 1 left tlieorv ' was al most entirely unknown in those days, and it has often struck me as curious that these wild Bushmen should have been amcng the first to discover and obtain its obvious advantages. Siraight, swift, bowling, dead on the wicket, we could play, and were accnslomed to. But these new tactics, wiih u field bunched all up on one side, 1 othered its completely. The fellow -at 'the other end bowled nnder- imnd -rnoruious things which rose slowly gyrating, took a long time to fall, and when j«st out of reach shot in like rockets. There seeined nothing to be got by waiting, so three or four men ran out to meet them, missed, aud were either clean bowled or slnmped. Even when one did get a hit at tlie ball it would not travel. Such was the spin the bowler managed to get on it that it went only a short distance, and lay there swiftly revolving in a little cloud of dust aid grass stems. Will it be credited that alien the end came we were all out for 30 ! It was by far the lowest score tire Wallabies had ever made, and not Ouly did we very acutely feel our position, but something like a general funk set in. However, after several long sleevers of colonial, we plucked up our courage, and trusted to our swift bowlers to retrieve the fortunes of the day. especially as. merely drawing their socks over their trousers and expectorating on their hands, opponents refused with dbdain our offer of pads and gloves. No man Can bat well with broken shine. The old chap, who evidently, in a quiet way, controlled the team, sent two men in. I heard his parting words as they left their tent. ' Keep thy bats straight, as I shown thee,' said lie. an' thy eyne open. It be what they cVs fest boolin.' But never thee moind. Stay the straight uns, an' knock spots ofF n tlie others, an we'n gotten 'em roiglit enought.' Aud they obeved him implicitly. They had eyes like hawks, and a most ungainly style. Bnt they got runs with exasperating regularity. annihilation. Modgee and Long Jim bowled like demons, but could find no hole in then bats. Then, when they became fagged, the Bronzewings knocked them all <wer the ground, to the intense delight of tire township, which, having Buffered many heavy beatings at otir bauds, appreciated keenly tbe present state of things, and rolled up. man, woman, and child, to cheer the Cnttawatts and enjoy our discomfiture. To be brief, they simply annihilated us. putting on some 200 runs, while our second innings was ouly a miserable facsimile of our first-. We had ordered a supper for our visitors at the Woolpack Hotel, and I believe they enjoyed it. But we, although strived to do onr part as hosts, felt sore and sbakod, and allogether crest- fallen. When we awoke next morning, the Cuttiiwattas had been gone for hours, and wo never saw them again, Bnt shortly afterwards some valuable horses disappeared mysteriously from the neighbourhood. The police- sergeant always insisted that Brouze- wtrg C-.O. were the originators of the rail. But he could not prove it. Nor did we ever go down to try cou- slusiaus with the metropolitan club. 