FICTION. ROMANiE OF THREE LIVES, [BY GEITRUDE WARDEN.] CHAPTER V-A HAUNTED HOUSE.- [Continued.] So Felice had gone on hoping against hope until to-night, when the airy castle of her pleasurable fancies had resolved itself into the frigid gloom of' Stoneroyd, and the still colder welcome from its inmates, and into all the painful and depressing incidents of that most miserable evening. Tears would come, in spite of Felice's efforts to choke them down. ' If I can only go to sleep, and for get who and where I am !' she thought springing from the bed, resolved on unpacking at once, in order to hasten that desirable consummation. But a search in her pockets demon strated the fact that she had left her keys in, her purse, and the purse in her muff in the diningroom, when she had hurriedly left it after relocking her bag. Had her husband caught sight of the muff, and investigated its contents after she had left the room ? Felice wondered. The bag was safe with her ; but her anxiety about the keys prompted her to descend to the ground-floor in search of them. It was a little past eleven o'clock. Lady Fenton was still talking to Louisa, and had long ago made her last appearance downstairs. Glancing along the corridor, Felice saw more than one pair of manly boots outside closed doors, and naturally concluded that the whole family had repaired to bed. The gas in the hall was turned down low, and in the drawing-room, as Felice could see through the open door, it was altogether extinguished. Only one burner was alight in the dining-room, which was pervaded by a strong smell of tobacco; but as the whole house was strongly perfumed in the same way, Felice hardly noticed this. Nor did she observe that she was not alone. Of the great bay-windows which were among the principal fea tures of Stoneroyd, the dining-room possessed one-a deep embrasure, provided with low window-seats, and shut off from the rest of the room by thick brown rep curtains. Behind these Maurice Fenton was stretched, smoking a pipe, and looking lazily up through the unshuttered windows to the misty moon, from which the humid clouds were melting, and which was just visible from the northern side of the house above the bare branches of the elm trees which lined the avenue. This was a favourite perch of Mau rice's. Here, with his head resting comfortably on cushions, and his long limbs stretched partly on the three sided window seat, and partly on the º rug below, he would liedownand dream away many a half-hour, shut off from the rest of the world by the brown curtains, with a pipe and his collie dog, Tweedie, as his sole companions. A time when the rest of the family had gone to bed was the most favour able for these solitary walking fancies, and Marcus's early retreat up-stairs on this particular evening gave Maurice just the opportunity he wanted for quietly thinking over the events of the past few hours. Of course he was disappointed — greatly disappointed — over the result of those five years of saving and self- denial, and of most; uncongenial work, which had produced only the inade- quate sum of five hundred and nine pounds sixteen shillings and eight- pence. 'Yet I suppose I could throw up iron and go to Rome on five hundred pounds,' he mused; but it's astonish- ing how the grubbing habit grows upon a man. I am now filled with burning desire to double and treble that sum. This will probably end in my putting the lot in some rotten speculation, which will enrich its pro- moters and leave me without a half- penny. Poor old Marcus, it's worse for him; that's a serious blow that takes him off to bed before 11 o'clock, 'The part; he can't get over, and I can't get over,is that insufferable shark getting it.The very presence of Robert in the same house with me seems to awaken all the demon in me. Some day we must reckon up old scores at close quarters, and then Heaven send I may be in good condition and able to stop short of murder ?' Very dangerous his face looked it the faint moonlight, with the heavy brows drawn closely together, forming a sable band over the red-brown eyes Unconsciously his fingers, which were laid on the head of the collie at hit side, closed on the animal's silky hairl and Tweedie,unused to any but kindl1 treatment at his master's hand,uttered a whine of remonstrance. 'I apologise, Tweedie; I took you for a relation!' Maurice explained. And the dog appeared satisfied by the apology, and rubbed his nose fondly against his sleeve. 'It's the luck of the very old gentleman that the fellow has,' the young man reflected, as he refilled his pipe. ' A beautiful girl, or at least a girl who moves and speaks beautifully, as soon as he feels inclined to get married ; and a fortune of eleven thousand pounds, and squandering all he could beg, borrow, or steal from other people! ' Not but what I've a presentiment he's caught a tartar in madame. Those cold, self possessed young women, who can give you as good as you bring in conversation, and drive a hard money bargain with their own husbands, chil all enthusiasm in me. I respect my cousin-in-law, I pity her with all my soul for having married such a black sheep as Robert, and I wouldn't have been in her shoes when she first came to this very unwelcoming household to-night for a good deal. It's worse than penal servitude being marr'ed to a selfish and dishonourable and selfish cur. But I think the new Mrs Fenton can hold her own, and dispense with my sympathy; and a cut steel Venus is not calculated to excite it.' As these reflections crossed Mau rice's mind a slight sound within the dining-room made him turn his eyes from the moon outside towards the direction of the curtains. Tweedie, with a dog's quicker instincts, was already sitting up on the watch. Was it Louisa or Margaret come to put the gas out ? But this was a much lighter footstep than theirs, and when the collie, recognising this, rose and softly parted the heavy curtains with his nose, Maurice, entrenched among the shadows, saw the gaslight from within the room shining down on the bent head of a most beautiful girl, whom at first he hardly recognised as that too self-possessed bride of whom he had been thinking. Felice had found her muff, which had slipped under the table, and she was now carefully examining its con tents, with an anxious contraction of her brows. She thought herself alone, and all need for further self-restraint gone. Her soft, dark hair, touched with ruddy chestnut tints where the light struck upon it, was loosened from the customary elaborate neatness of its coils on the top of her well-set head; her fair face was flushed, and her gray eyes were pathetic with unshed tears. She no longer looked a well bred, well dressed Frenchwoman, but a beautiful English girl of 19, who felt very unhappy, and who showed it in every line of her sensitive face. Even as she stood she sighed, and when she had discovered her keys she lingered still- going to the fire, and stretching out her hands over it, partly to warm them, and partly in a little hopeless gesture, accompanied by another and still deeper sigh. Maurice, in his hiding-place, between pity, surprise, and admira tion, could not take his eyes from her. As an artist, his esthetic require ments were fully satisfied by the beau tiful lines of her figure. As a man, he was deeply touched by the forlorn sadness of her face. But, guessing that a revelation of his presence would, in all probability, startle and annoy her, he remained perfectly still, while Tweedie, after one backward look at his master, as though asking permission for the action, stole forward, and proceeded to hover round Felice, wagging his tail with the universally friendly spirit which characterises the collie. Felice, who was fond of animals, knelt on the hearth-rug to stroke him. As she did so, her thoughts flew back to her childish days in Yorkshire, and to the long walks her father used to take on Sundays, with his little girl by his side, and his dogs bounding along before him. At the time, she had not been con scious of any extraordinary well-being; but now, the mere thought of the grey hound, the Newfoundland, and the collie, recalled to her memory by Tweedie's friendly overtures, sent the long repressed tears crowding into Felice's eyes and rolling down her cheeks. Her father loved her; she had been dear and necessary to him. Of whom in this world could she say as much now ? Not, certainly,her grandparents,who had not scrupled to display their satis faction at marrying her off before she was twenty. Nor her husband-that was the bitterest thought of all. To him, as she knew now, she had merely represented so many pounds, shillings, and pence. She had merely been taken as a necessary adjunct of her dot. Beside this discovery, so coarsely brought before her by Robert Fenton, in that very room only a few hours he fore, the coldness and indifference shown her by his relatives-and especi ally by his mother-counted for little. They were but painful additional details in the desolate picture of a lonely and shipwrecked life painted upon Felice's mental vision. Her tears fell thick and fast: upon her hands clasped round Tweedie's neck. The dog, perceiving her sorrow, sprang upon her knee, trying to lick her face, and seeming anxious by his demonstrative affection to atone for the untfricndly conduct of the other Smembers of the Stoneroyd household. Felice thought so, at least, and laughed through her tears an instant. But her gaiety was only momentary. E A little later, and she had broken down altogether, and was resting her head on a chair by the fireside, her whole frame shaken by passionate sobbing. ' If I could die !-if I could die !' she moaned; while Maurice, who bad started to his feet overwhelmed with pity at sight of her grief, stood hesita- ting behind the curtains of the recess, ignorant of any means of comforting her, and growing hot and cold with alterna'e longing to serve her and to personally chastise her husband. Poor Tweedie, running backwards and forwards from the weeping figure at the fire to his master at the window. must have attracted Felice's attention at any other time. As it was she sobbed for fully ten minutes, indiffer ent to anything that might be happen ing around her; then, with white cheeks and swollen eyelids, she rose, and with a parting caress to Tweedie, whose unexpected show of affection had provoked from her this outburst, she walked slowly and wearily upstairs to the dressing-room, where, flinging herself dressed as she was upon the bed, she slept heavily until the morn ing-the deep, dreamless sleep of men tal and physical exhaustion. ' By Jove!' was Maurice's sole audible comment, as he came from his hiding place. Then he blinked, and brushel his hand over his eyes; after which he proceeded to make much of his dog, as though the animal had very speci ally distinguished himself. That melting look of chivalrous compassion which had come into his face at sight of the lonely figure sobbing at the fireside was still there when, as he was mounting to his room a little later, keen-eyed Louisa met him on the stairs. ' Eh, Mr Maurice! You look as if you'd seen the ghost!' she exclaimed, lowering her voice a little on the last word. Maurice frowned, ' Look here, Louisa,' he said ; 'don't you start telling Mrs Fenton any of those cock and bull stories about Stoneroyd being haunted, It's dull enough here, in all conscience, with out that additional attraction.' ' It isn't me that spreads them tales, sir,' returned Louisa; ' but there's no denyin' it is haunted, whether ah speak of it or no.' C?APTERVI.-A. FoanrDDEN SUBJECT. Cold and stiff Felice felt when she awoke in the early gray of the follow ing morning. For a few moments it was impossible for her to realise where she was whether in that bedroom of a Parisian hotel where she had spent so many lonely half-hours during her honey moon, or back in the large and airy, if somewhat chilly, apartment she had occupied for six years at the Chateau Desjardins. With a clearer recollection of her exact circumstances there came an overwhelming sadness which prompted her to bury her face in the pillows again, and which did away with all desire to rise and face what to-day might bring forth. 'Till death us do part!' The words were ringing in her ears as though they had been tolling near her all the night. Relief at her husband's absence came as a ray of brightness among her gloomy thoughts. But even now Felice crushed down the sentiment as something almost sinful, indicating a perversity in her own nature. 'He doesn't wantme-he dislikes me and I-well, try as I might, I don' think I could ever love him. If it were not for that wretched money which I persist in keeping, I don't think I shoull have much need for troub ling myself about him. He would leave me here, or anywhere to get rid of me. I wonder how I dared to cross him last night. It was like a sudden inspiration that made me feel years older, and wiser, and sadder in a few seconds of time. "Part with your money, and you part with your value-with all that stands between you and desertiont, perhaps starva tion," it seemed to tell me. "You are friendless, in a cold, hard world; your marriage has been a terrible mistake, and it was to guard against the con sequences of such mistakes that your father settled his money so closely upon you. Tf you do not protect your own interests, no one will." But what a horrible doctrine!' exclaimed Felice, starting from the bed, and going to the window, 'and what a detestable woman I shall become if I am forced into always following it, and into always leading a selfish life, loved by none, useful to none !' She dashed the tears from her eyes, and, drawing back the blind, gazed out of the window. It was a gray November morning, but not specially unpleasant for the time of year. The town of Clofheld lay shrouded in misty vapour, above which here and there tall factory chimneys reared their heads in lines of darker gray. In her present lone liness Felice felt glad of the proximity of the town, reminding her as it did of a world outside the Fenton family, and holding out hopes of ultimate escape. Escape from what?. Go where she might, she would still be Robert, Fenton's wife, bound to a man of whose true character she hardly dared to think. Felice turned from the window, restless and miserable The sound of a church cleck somewhere on the road down to the town striking seven re called her to her actual surroundings of the moment. All her life she had been an early riser, being accustomed to receive her caf/e a lait and roll at half-past seven every morning. She was too much troubled to be conscious of the fact, but a protracted fast since noon on the preceding day undoubtedly helped to darken the gloom with which her re flections were shrouded. (To be continued.) 