TEN HOUES IN THE ADELAIDE LOCK-UP WITH TWO GHOSTS, ACCOMPANTED BY WICKED DREAMS: How I Got These aitd How I Got Out. [By a Correspondent.^ A number of years ago—I remember it vividly; it was on the 24th of November, and the weather in Adelaide was exceed ingly hot. The beer saloons and squash shops were, doing a good business. For t he veracity of this story, I wish it to be dis tinctly understood that I never have been drunk during my lifetime, and in the social refreshers that I have indulged in for friendship ! am proud to state that I have never exceeded the bounds of modest hilarity. On this particular morning—it was a most unfortunate one for me—I started to. business early as I had many calls to mate. My clients were not pre pared for my visits, and expressed sorrow for not being punctual and made quite a number of petty excuses, finishing up their little speeches by inviting me to " call again." My evening meal was in a restaurant. It was badly cooked and slovenly dished up by a help to match the surroundings, and as my organ of alimentiveness is large I detest bad and insufficient food. 1 became irritated, for there is nothing tries a hnn- I gry person's temper like a small quartity ; of badly-cooked food, and especially when j the same price is asked for it as the genuine article. I had a stroll through Hindley and Bundle-streets, and as I felt thirsty I was ruminating what kind of moisture I would indulge in. I settled on fruit and the variety was oranges. As I came to King William-street I entered a fruit-shop j at the corner of Hindley-street and pur chased two oranges. There were two men standing at the counter. One of them was disputing with the young woman who was serving about his change. He stood close to me on my right and made two direct insulting remarks. I asked him if he were speaking to me. He said no. When I got served I turned to leave the shop, but before I got quite to the shop-door he made another insulting remark. This time I was convinced that it was intended for me, and on the impulse of the moment I gaVe him one—only one—for his "nob," and he fell in a heap like a wet sack, which I was sorry for. TTia mate ran but into the street and set up a howl of a hue and cry, pointing me out as the man that murdered his mate, but he took good care that he never came close to me. I do not know his name now, but he was a- great coward, as he wanted the crowd to tear me to pieces, but he was too frightened to assist them. Numbers of his class are to found; they talk loudly but do not perform. A tall gentleman sat in the corner of the shop on a bag of carrots, and from his commanding position he must have seen the occurrence, but may not have heard the insulting remarks. However, he will be introduced further on as a witness for the plaintiff. The crowd was now about a thousand strong, and they smelt blood, as the man was sitting on the footpath with gore all over his face, hands, and clothes, looking a heap of manslaughter. The crowd came to the conclusion that i the man was dying fast and that the only hope was to send him to the hospital at once, where all his requirements, spiritual and otherwise, would be attend^ to, and his friends would have the consolation of knowing that he died a Christian (in the presence of his clergy), forgiving all his ; enemies. A cab was soon in attendance, and j the injured man was conveyed to the hos pital. I crossed over to the east side of King William-street, and was making my way to the Southern Cross Hotel to get a good stiff nobbier .of whiskey, as my nerves were very weak. I had knocked down a few men in my time, but the present one had more effect on me than all the others put together. As I was about to enter the hotel I heard a surge and a sough of per sons behind me. I had just time to call for the drink wh&n; the bar was full of vicious-looking persons, shouting and yell ing, and as I was about to swallow the elixir a great big muscular policeman, named Jack Ardell, had his hand on my shoulder and said he wanted me and I must come to the shop where he heard I hid knocked a man down. " With pleasure, constable, and I am very much pleased with your company and lam really grateful to you for your punctuality on thi6 unfor tunate occasion," at the same time whispering in his ear "is the man dead?" " Come along," he said, "never mind the man; you will know all about him soon enough." This, I thought, was the most sensible remark I had heard for some time, and how true it was. Policemen are not ; supposed to be philosophers, but some of them make very witty and pertinent remarks at times. I was escorted from the Southern Cross Hotel to the fruit-shop. Constable ATdell being on my right and another constable on my left, the rear guard being Constable W. H. Northbridge, who walked direct behind to protect me from the crowd that was still getting larger and becoming noisy and unruly, as a report had come from the hospital that the man I had knocked down was dead, he having succumbed on the way there. With some squeezing we got through the crowd and entered the fruit-shop. The tall man rose from the bag of vegetables where he had been Bitting, and told the police what he had seen and heard, and winding up Tiir great flow of oratory by saying it was the most cowardly attack that he had ever seen. This gentleman, for convenience, I will call Mr. Fairplay, who is well known in Adelaide, made a great impres sion on the persons who were standing around the door and heard him; they naturally conveyed it further back, and the whole mass got agitated. It was with : some difficulty that we were allowed to pass out through the crowd. I was then on my way to the lock-up, and the police had some trouble in keeping the mob from treating me roughly, and they now became frenzy with excitement, hooting, shouting, and yelling, and said vile things about me in their vernacular. I was then marched up King William-street covered by police men with their batons drawn to protect me from a fierce howling crowd, and I believe if there had been no constables present they would have torn me to pieces, tut, on thecontrary, those myrmidons of the law were in their proper places when wanted, and although I was in their iron grasp they handled me as gently as a ; mother would her baby. When we got as far as the post-office the crowd began to tile off, and before we got through Victoria square there were only a few straofflers in tie convoy, and they were sympathisers, b it they dare not say so when the crowd was present. None of those persons fol lowed as far as the lock-up; if they did t ley were liable to be run in. When we arrived at the lock-up a bell was rung, and an officer let ns into a large square yard that was lighted up in all directions and it was seemingly as light as day. I was then marched up to a side window, and the person inside said in a baritone voice, " Search the prisoner." " All right," said the arresting constable. I was than ordered to turn out all my pockets and all my money and valuables, even my pocket handkerchief was included. I wished to retain a piece of pencil, but it was of no use, as Jack Ardell is an expert at searching; lie ran his hands over me in an artistic way that proved to me he was no dunce at the "game," and he discovered the pencil I tried to smuggle. The precise old gentleman who took an inventory of all my property was most particular in this little ceremony, and told the searcher to be careful, hinting that it would be as well to run his bands over me again as my case was a singular one, having such a quantity of valuables on my person. The arresting constable (Ardell') said, "AIT right, sergeant," and I had again to throw my hands above my head and submit to another ordeal. Then the old careful, who was very slow but doubly sure, tied up all my valuables in the pocket handkerchief and placed thein in the safe. The arresting constable signed the inventory book and I think it was counter signed by some other " peeler." I was then passed along to Garry Sayers, the lock-up keeper, who conveyed me to my cell without asking any questions or offering any sym pathy; but like a sensible man he merely referred to the weather, saying that the night was cold and that he would return with a blanket for me, and drew the big chain across the door and locked it. To be continued. 