CURRENT TOPICS. POLITICAL.-The hon. H. I. Rooke, M.L.C., and Mr Frank Archer, M.H.A., will address a public meeting this evening at Lilydale. WEATHER.— After midnight on Monday a slight thunderstorm passed over the city, but fine weather prevailed after until about four o'clock yesterday afternoon, when a smart shower fell, and the weather continued threatening during the evening, being also very sultry. The forecast for to-day is-Fine, but still cloudy and un settled in parts, with variable wind, but chiefly light westerly and southerly. COIN IMronTATIoN.-The National Bank impcrted from Melbourne yesterday, per Coogee, two boxes of gold coin, comprising £1000 worth Lf sovereigns and half-sove reigns. HOBART SHOW.—The Southern Tasma- nian Agricultural and Pastoral Society's annual show takes place to-day, when a most successful exhibition is anticipated. A cheap excursion train will leave Laun- ceston at six o'clock this morning and reach Hobart at 12 45 p.m. Tickets will be available for return till following day. Special arrangements have been made on the other lines, so that a good number of visitors should be assured. CITY IMPROVEMENTS.-Good progress is being made by the contractors, Messrs J. and T. Gunn, with the erection of the South Launceston state school, Wellington road, the walls of which are up, and the roofing is just about to be commenced. When completed the structure should be of a neat and useful character. The same firm have completed a handsome and com modious villa residence situate a short dis. tance back from Brisbane road, near Tamar- street, to the order of Mrs Payne. It contains six rooms and is built of weatherboard -n a brick foundation, and with an iron roof. A verandah runs along the front and returns down one side, while a good bold bay window affords a most pleasant outlook. The rooms are plastered internally and grained and varnished throughout, and altogether the residence is a most admirable one, being pleasantly situated and replete with modern con- veniences. Extensive additions are also being made to the residence cf Mr R. J. Parker, at the corner of G(eorge and Frederick streets, comprising a library and ball-room, while the verandah will be ex- tended and carried round to a portico on the front of the house. The roofing will be of slate, with projecting eaves and cantilevers. The external work will be in cement, while architraves round the win- dows will give it a finished appearance. The portico will have a cornice and balustrade, with ornamental caps to the a columns. A tiled pavement will also be laid down. Internally the work will be of an ornate character, the walls of the rooms being plastered and will be painted and a neat cornice run round. Messrs Gunn also have this work well on towards com- pletion. ST. ANDREW'S BAND OF HOPE.-An enjoyable couple of hours was spent last evening in St. Andrew's school-room on the occasion of the meeting of the Band of Hope. There was a good attendance, and the selections given during the evening were received with applause. The follow- ing programme was rendered :-Solo, Miss Isa Craib; recitation, Mrs Craib ; piano solo, Mrs Bowden; piano solo, Miss Ethel Scott; solo, Miss Crooks; dialogue, Misses Scott, M'Kenzie, Fair, Ferguson, Patten, Dye, and Hunt, and Master W. Fair; reci- tation, Miss Ellen Dye. Mrs A. H. Bowden acted as accompanist during the evening. TEMPERANCE COUNCIL.—The last public meeting of the Tasmanian Temperance Council to be held this year took place at the Temperance Hall last night, when the attendance was good. Mr J. T. Farmilo presided, and the Memorial Church choir rendered several selections, the singing being excellent. A duet was given by Messrs Fotheringham and Jinkins; solos, Messrs Stephenson and M. Jinkins; two recitations, Mr G. Brittan; and addresses by Miss Douglas, Messrs Wilkinson, J. Shepherd, and the chairman. The meeting closed with the singing of the doxology. On Thursday evening, the 25th inst., a meeting of delegates of the Temperance Council will be held in the Rechabite Chambers. CITY PARK.-The Orpheus Orchestral Society will give a concert in the City Park this evening. An excellent programme has' been well rehearsed, and an enjoyable evening is promised. SACRED CONCERT.-At Christ Church last evening a very enjoyable musical entertain- b ment was given, the pieces chosen being of a sacred character. Miss Frost, whose capabilities'as an organist are well known, gave a great deal of pleasure by her play- ing during the evening. The pieces chosen were "Toccata in G" (Dubois), Rossini's " La Charite," " Marche Funebre et Chant Seraphique" (Guilmant), Batiste's " Grand Offertoire in D major," serenade (Widor), and " Rondi de Campanelli" (Morandi). In all of thei e Miss Frost emphasised the fact that she is a most elastic and powerful player for a lady performer, and she justi- fled Mr Jude's statement that her playing was remarkable for a lady. The ap- plause she received was well de- served, and several of her numbers, particu- I larly Morandi's " Rondi de Campanelli," were worthy of the highest praise. Mr A. L. Wells sang "The last man" (Callcott), and the aria from Elijah, " Lord God of Abraham," carefully and with musical effect. One of the most enjoyable selec- tions of the evening was Gounod's song, "There is a green hill far away," by Miss Lucy Allison. Miss Platt, who was in good voice, sang very sweetly and with expres- 'ion "The holy city," and the duet by Misses Allison and Platt, " Ruth and Naomi," was heard with much pleasure, there being a strong desire for a repeat. Mr W. Rolph (violin) and Miss Frost (organ) were successful in securing hearty applause for their rendering of the duet sonata in A (Handel), and Mr Rolph gave a clever and musical rendition uf Shu- mann's " Traumerei" and Mendelssohn's " Fruhlingsleid" (spring sung). The enter- tainment was a most enjoyable one. SEavIcE OF SoNG. - At Lawrence Vale Wesleyan Church last evening the service of'song "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was given, when there was an excellent attendance. The Rev. W. Shaw presided, and Mrs Mil- lard gave the connective readings. Mr E. P. Meers led the singing, which was rendered by the choir of that church in a satisfactory manner. THE BLIND.-A lecture will be delivered this evening in St. John's school-room by Mr S. D. Scown on the subject, "The Education of the Blind." The chair will be taken by the Rev. R. N. Kelly at eight o'clock. SALVATION Anurr.-The service of song entitled "The Flower of Faith" was given by the Salvation Army Brass Band at the Barracks last evening in the presence of a good attendance. Band-sergeant H. Bernard gave the connective readings, and the entertainment proved very enjoyable. HoLY TRNITrY Cu cuCc.-The new Russell-street (fnvereek) Hall built in connection with Holy Trinity Church parish was opened last evening by a social, which was attended with much success. The building was designed to accommodate those attending the Mothers' Union and girls' sewing class, there being forty members of the former. It will also be used as a Young Men's Club and Sunday school. The Ven. Archdeacon Hales per- formed the little opening ceremony, and announced that the building was not only paid for, but that there was a credit balance of is 4d, which was a very rare occurrence in connection with the building of a new church or Sunday school. The amount collected for building the hall was £187 6s 4d, and the labour employed was given to the unemployed. The hall was very tastefully decorated, the work being carried out by a committee of 10 ladies and four gentlemen. The ladies of the parish sent a bountiful supply of cakes and other good things. During the even- ing several hymns were sung, and songs and duets were given by Miss Webster and Mr F. Ferguson. The Rev. W. E. Webster, who has worked so energetically in connection with the building, gave an address, in which be heartiy thanked those who had assisted him. The members of the Mothers' Union, through Arch deacon Hales, Ft the close cf the social presented Mrs Webster, the founder of that guild, with an address signed by each of the members, in which they tendered their sincere thanks for the painstaking manner in which she had laboured among them. Accompanying this was a beautiful oil painting of a ship in full sail at sea, by Mr J. R. Emms, mounted in a triple Oxford frame made of Tasmanian black wood. CONCERT AT TREVALLYN.-A concert will be given at St. Oswald's Church,Trevallyn, this evening, and a good programme has been prepared for the occasion, which should meet with entire approval. Amongst those who take part in the entertainment are-Mrs A. H. B ,wden; Misses Thrower, Alice Grant, P. Duean; Messrs A. J. Scott, A. H. Bowden, A. W. Jordan, C.W. James, A. G. Youngman, A. J. Hawkins, R. Knott, F. E. Burbury, and T. H. Prichard. RECENT COOoEE SUICIDE.-Regarding the recent suicide which took place in the *Straits on the Coogee's recent trip, it appears no enquiries whatever were made either on board the vessel during her last atay at the Melbourne wharf or at Messrs Euddart, Parker, and Co.'s office for par ticulars regarding the passenger who had committed the rash act. It has been con. eluded by those on board the steamer that, as was at first supposed, the unfortunate man had no relatives in Melbourne. CHRisTIAN ENDBAvoUR UNION. - The ,annual convention s f the Tasmanian Christian Endeavour Union will commence at the Primitive Methodist Church, Frederick-street, this morning, when a united prayer meeting will be held from seven till eight o'clock. In the afternoon, at 3*30, the opening service will he held at Christ Church. Frederick-street. The president, Mr W. M. Williams, will deliver an address of welcome, and the Rev. Win. Shaw, president of the Launceston Union, will also welcome the visitors with an ad dress. The Rev. I. K. M'Intyre, of St. John's Presbyterian Church, Hobart, will respond, alter which Mr Geo. Mackay, of the Primitive Methodist Church, Hobart, will give an address on " Power for ser vice." The evening service will he held in the Baptist Tabernacle, Cimitiere-street, when addresses of ten minutes each will he given by ministers, elders, and others. Thursday morning will be devoted to a united prayer meeting in Chalmers Church, meeting of council, at which officers will he elected, and devotional meeting. In the afternoon the conference will meet, when papers on various subjects of great enti rest will be read and discussed. In the evening at the Christian Mission Church a united conse cration meeting will be held, when the newly-elected president will deliver his address. S. Centennial will run an excur sion on Friday to Rosevear's for the benefit of the visitors, many of whom have already arrived from various parts of the colony, and numerous others are expected by the first trains to-day. There is thus every prospect of the gathering being a most successful one. A csrrespondent writes: -" All the meetings are open to the public generally. Launceston Endeavourers have made arrangements to entertain nearly 200 of the visitors. This religions movement 38 H ow acknowledged as about the most remarkable for its growth that the world has ever seen, so that Endeavour mem bers who were counted by tens but a few years ago now number literally millions, and there is now scarcely any Protestant church that has not espoused the Endea- your cause, and that to its own great ad- vantage. The gatherings at this conven- tion are more than likely to exceed any- thing of the kind for profit, interest, and downright enthusiastic happiness that have ever been held here, as they afford common ground for all sections of the church universal to meet in friendly and united intercourse." LONGFORD CHIORAL SOCIETY -Our cor- respondent reports :-At the usual weekly practice of the above society held in the Foresters' Hall on Monday night the members decided to pay Cressy another visit on the evening of Friday, 26th inst., to repeat Roo.'s cantata " The Hay makers," when it is to be hooed the weather will be more favourable than upon a former occasion. BouRNI.-On Monday (writes'our Burnie correspondent) we had an unusual ex perience as regards weather for Burnie, a heavy fog prevailing all day. Rain fell during the night, and to-day the fog has a cleared rff, and it is beautifully fine. Several I residents of the township are laid up with influenza and other complaiLte, notably, Mr R. Ryan, the well-known hairdresser, and Mr H. Black, IMPROVEMENT AssoCIATIoN. - At a largely attended and influential meeting of ladies, held at the To en Hall, it was decided to have a cake, produce, and pudding fair at the Albert Hall on the 19th and 20h of December, in aid of the funds of the Launceston City and Suburbs Improvement Association. It was also agreed that a ball should be given on the 21st to wind up the affair. Strong work ing committees were formed and the public may look forward to a most agree able programme, further particulars of which will be given. LATRRonE.-At a meetin2 df the Chamber of Commerce held last Thursday (writes our correspondet t) the principal discus sions bore on the failure of the Chamber t> establish a local butter factory or creamery owing to the indifference of the farmers, the conference t) be held at Hobart shortly or. federation, the way in which the Customs levy duties, and the recent floods. With regard to the levying of Customs duties there was a general feel ing that it caused considerable annoyance and worry. The Chamber expressed its hearty sympathy with the forthcoming conference to be held at the capital, the members pledging themselves to give it all possible support. In reference to the floods they decided to call a meeting of the towns. people shortly to confer as to the steps to be taken to prevent, if possible, a repetition of same. The Chamber deserves the best thanks of the community for the earnest, persistent manner in which they have worked to secure a creamery for La trobe, and the failure cannot in any sense be laid to their charge, as they left no stone unturned in their efforts to establish it. Indeed the members of the Chamber are most energetic, and attend to the inter esta of the town in a manner that reflects the highest credit upon them as a body. Business in the town is very dull on the whole, this being the season of the year when the farmers are not particularly flush of money, the majority of them having cleared out their grain, etc., and what little butter and eggs they may have are hardly worth the trouble of bringing in, prices being so low. It is expected that the influx of visitors at show time will give a little impulse to business, however, even though it be temporary.-The weather, like some individuals, has been somewhat erratic in its behaviour lately, but as it gives promise of better things we will for bear adverse comment. GREEN PEAs.-The first specimens of this popular vegetable were received at this office yesterday, having been grown by Mr Joseph Turner, Cataract Hill. The pods were well filled, and the peas had a nice flavour. They were of the varieties known as Strat igem and Day's Sunrise. DRAMATIC AND JIUSICAL PERFORMANCE. -At the Academy of Music on Tuesday evening next a farewell dramatic and musical performance will be tendered t, Herr and Madame Siebert. A number of leading amateurs will arsist, and the pro gramme will include the " balcony scene" from " Romeo and Juliet," and the " ghost scenes" from" Haumlet," given in character and iwith the incidental scenery. Other partoculars are given by " Touchstone" in " Music and the Drama." The box plan is now open at Messra A. W. Birchall and Sons. DRunY.-Our Town Hall was crowded to excess on Saturday night (writes our own correspondent on the 15th inst.), the attraction being a benefit concert in aid of Mrs F. Gregeon. Mr Westrope presided, and the programme gave every satisfac tion. The followinE ladies and gentlemen assisted:-Mrs and Miss Counsel, Mies Sim mons. Miss M. Kennelly, Misti Lawson, Mrs Nightingale, Mrs J. Garrett, Mrs A. S. Webster, Miss E. Tilly, Messrs C. Fenn, J. Riley, Heathorne, Miller, Tebbutt, Fonn, Will. Warne, and A. Barnett. The entertainment concluded with a laughable nigger farce, '*Pull His Leg Out," by Will. Warns and Bob. Morton. The takings amounted ti £10, which must be very gratifying to our worthy postmistress, Miss E. K Cramp, the promoter of this concert. Too much praise cannot be given to this lady for her able and untiring efforts in helping this concert to its ultimate suc cess. Thanks are also due to the ladies and gentlemen who travelled so far to assist, and to the residents of the district Swho thus showed their sympathy for a -fellow creature in distress.-I wrote you about a fortnight ago stating the price of meat here was 6d and ('sd per lb. Evi 'dently someone has noticed the letter and Staken the hint, for we have three butchers Snow, and the ruling price is 3d end 3Adper Slb. There is nothing like a little healthy Scompetition; it keeps down imposition, Sand the poor miners have had plenty of Sthat in years that are gone.-As I have previously wired you, we had the Ministers here on Thursday night. I have nothing to say that has not been said without is is Ithat the Minister of Lands said that he regretted that when times were more prosperous the Scottsdale railway line had not been continued on to Moorina. He said they had the money then to do it, and I understood him to mean that it might as well have been spent that way as in any Iother, in which I heartily agree.-The weather is beautiful here at present. AUSTRAtCAN WOODS FOR EURors. SIn connection with the opening up of an .export trade with Europe in Australian Stimbers, Mr Leon Hisser three months ago Ssent from Melbourne to his agents in Paris sa trial shipment of redgum and stringy hark timbers, including some samples of Sredgum, bluegumn, and ironbark, supplied Sby the Harbour Trust, and certified as I having been in water from 15 to 35 years, h ut in which there was no appearance of Sdecay or deterioration. By the last mail (says the Argus), Mr Rieser has received a copy of Le Petit Journal, a leading Paris paper, dated September 8, stating that the attention of the Board of Trade in Paris had been attracted by the appearance of new Australian timbers in the market, which would undoubtedly revolutionise the timber trade. The appearance of some of the timbers is stated to be like mahogany, much used in cabinet work in Europe, and that the new timbers would be in great demand for street paving, joiner,.' cabinet work, and shipbuilding, as the breaking strain had been proved to be far superior to oak and the timbers were practically ever lasting in water. They are also regarded i as highly suitable for fittings and cabinet work, easily worked, and taking the highest finish and polish. It is said to be certain that the timbers will be extensively used in Paris, the prices being moderate, and Australia possessing very t xtensive forests capable of supplying unlimited quantities. Mr Risser has orders cabled urging ex pedition, and his timber-seasoning plant at Port Melbourne and that of Messrs Risby Bros., of Hobart, where his process is being used, are busily occupied, so that it would appear likely that a fair start has been made in a trade which should attain large proportions. N.Z. BANDS CONTEST.-The first trial of strength between the bands now in Invercargil (N.Z.) to take part in the annual band contest under the auspices of the New Zealand Brass Bands Association took place on October 10 with satisfactory results. The competition was the quick step, and each band engaged marched round the judge's tent, in which that official was so confined that he could not see the bands as they played, rendering the selec- tion " Dunedin Navals" (Bulch), and afterwards went throuwh the prescribed marching and drill. When the judge's decision was given it was found that the o bands stood as follows :-Invercargill Garrison. drill 89, music 71, total 160 points; Invercargill City Guards, 87-70- 157; Kaikora, 88-68-156; Sydenham,83 -65-148; Oamuru Navale,79-66-145; Dunedin Navals, 71-67-138; Dunedin Engineers, 67- 67-134. The principal part of the contest lies in the rendering of the two selections " Reminiscences of Weber" and " Schubert," which were to have been performed on the two following evenings. We learn from the Southland Times that great interest is being taken in these contests. The interest of Laun cestonians lies in the fact that Mr A. F. Lithgow, the conductor of the St. Joseph's Band, is at present in New Zealand for the purpose of conducting the Invercargill Garrison Band, of which he was band master, in the competition, His friends will be glad to read of his success so far as the competition has proceeded. CLEcICs ON BICYCLES. - Priests on bicycles may now be expected to be seen in the streets any day, in view of a Papal decision which has just been given. At all events (remarks an exchange) it is not unlikely that the "machine" will be frequently used in provincial towns and country distri, ts by curates with small incomes who cannot afford to keep a horse and buggy. It appears that recently some Roman Catholic priests in England, who had to travel long distances to minister to small and scattered flocks, began t0 use bicycles as means of locomotion, their incomes being too small to allow them to keep horses. Some of their fellow priests objected that it was undignified and un clerical for a priest to become a " wheel man," and the discussion became so serious that the matter was referred to Rome. The Pope asked one of the committees of cardinals to report upon the subject, and acting upon a report furnished his Holi ness has decided that priests may, without censure, use the bicycle. The English priests who introduced the machines among the clergy were, notably, the Ora tarians at Birmingham, presided over at the time of his death by Cardinal Newman, and the Benedictines at Co sentry, whither it was proposed, till the Pope interfered, to send all clerical wheelmen in the Roman Catholic Church. MODERN HEROEs.-It is a pardonable weakness to seek to perpetuate the names of the world's great men by conferring upon the younger generation, though it may lead to such incongruities as " Julius Cesar Potts." But f)r naked and unashamedconfiscation of the names of illustrious dead we have to go to the negro populetion of the United States, and very quaint, and not wholly flat taring to the prototypes, are the public appearances of some of the bearers of these honoured names. Thus (says the Daily Chronicle) we find the following pregnant paragraph in the police news of a Kentucky news paper :- "Benjamin Franklin was whipped yesterday for stealing chickens, Thomas J, iferson sent up for vagrancy, James Madison fined 2dol for getting drunk, Aaron Burr had his eye gouged out in a fight, John Wesley was caught breaking into a store, George Washington is on crial for arson, Andrew Jackson was shot in a bar-room down by the river, Martin Luther accidontally flung himself on the garden palings while stealing a basket of vege tables, and Napoleon Bonaparte got ten days for stealing a goat." Commenting on this paragraph the editor of our Kentuckian contemporary says :-" Ilook forward with confidence to a happy time when it will be posbible Li record police news without recording among the criminals tue names of at least five honoured Presidents of this Republic." EQUALIsBING THE ODns.-In Mr Aubrey de Vere's recollections of his early life in Ireland in the Centurg appear some stories of the days when Ireland expected of every man that he should "ride well, stand by a friend, say good things, and fight duels." Ayr-opos of the last, he says :-In Dublin there still remains a tradition of two law. yers-one the biggest, and thelother the smallest man in Irish society-who met in the Phoenix Park, just after sunrise, to in dulge in that amusement. As they ap proached each other, the big man set his glass to his eye, and exclaimed :-" But where is my honourable opponent ? For really cannot see him." " What's that he's saying I"' demanded the little man. " I just remarked," replied the big sean, "that I am so large that if you miss me, you are like the man who, when ho took aim at the parish church, never succeeded in hitting the parish." " What is that big ' Columbus ' of a men babbling about ?" was his small antagonist's rejoinder. " That I can't miss him, and he cannot see me ? Let his second get a bit <f white chalk, and draw my exact size and shape on that huge carcase of his; and any bullet of mine that hits outside that white line shall not count." A 5EPRVICE OF SONG entitled " General Cor don " will be gIven en 20th inst. In the Presby terian schoel-reom, Evandale. THE monthly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce wIll be held at the Public Bolldings to-da3 at 4 p.m. " THE HFATMsKEEs " will be produced at the Cresey Hall on FrIday -evening, 26th Inst., by the Loogford Choral Society. 