SCRAPS. Mrs Besant, who comes to Australia this year on a lecturing tour, under the direction of Mr R. S. Smythe, has been advising her feminine readers to eat onions. "If ugly girls," she says in an article, "will eat onions they won't be ugly. Ugliness is another term for sickness. Health is beautiful, and onions are health giving." OnionF, both ray and cooked, brighten the complexion. The consequence is that in America "some of the best people, particularly in college and literary circles, are not 'at home' even to their intimate friends on Sunday "-that day being set apart for the consumption of the leek that produces the lily cheek. A singular story of the exrerience of two wealthy persons, husband and wife, lately residing in the Seine district of Paris, has been going the rounds. They had been introduced, so they say, to a scion of the Russian nobility, who at once commenced to paint his future in glowing colours. He was about to marry a princess with a dowry of £80,000 and property worth many millions. But meanwhile his remittances had not reached him from home. Wonld they lend him some money? They did so, and in due time it was announced that the marriage would take place at Nice. The trio departed for that place, the simple couple paying the expenses of the trip. At that place, however, a difficulty cropped up, and it became necessary to visit London. Here the adventurer, who had given his name as Boyard, disappeared, and nothing has since been heard of him. Consequently his entertainers were forced to return home, where they have now placed the matter in the hands of the autho rities, alleging that they have been de frauded of .20,000. An idea taken from our parliamentary institutions was adapted in a quaint fashion at the last Covent Garden carnival in London. One of the lady guests was attired in a costume designed to represent " Red Tape," although we hasten to add that the familiar pink ribbon of the public offices was not the only material in which she was attired. Silken representations of blue-books, parliamentary papers, and other official documents were made up into a complete costume, finished off with red tape decorations. Professor Zakharin, of Moscow, who attended the Czar during his recent serious illness, is almost as well known in Russia for his eccentricities as for his eminence as a physician. The BritishMledical Journal states that when he is called to attend to a patient special arrangements must be made in the house ; all dogs must be kept out of the way, all clocks must be stopped, all doors must be thrown wide open. The professor on entering begins a process of gradual undressing, leaving his furs in the hall, his overcoat in the next roum, his golashes in the third, etc. He insists on perfect silence on the part of the afflicted relatives, except in reply to his questions, when their speech must be literally " Yea" and "Nay." He has a theory which he expresses in the maxim " Take a rest before you are tired," and accordingly he site down every eight or ten steps. His demeanour towards doctors with whom he happens to be unacquainted makes him greatly feared by them, and some eight years ago a kind of public agitation was got up in opposition to him, in which many hundreds of doctors took part. Resolutions were passed and ad dresses were presented, and echoes of the gathering storm made themselves heard in the press. These manifestations of feeling were speedily repressed in a way charac teristic of Russia. The then Governor General of Moscow, Prince Dolgoroukoff, sent for the editor of the medical journal in which the addresses were printed and told him that if he published a word more about Zakharin he would have to leave Moscow in twenty-four hours' time. His eccen tricities, however, cease at the bedside of his patient; there he is courteous and considerate, most painstaking and minute in his examination, and very thorough in his treatment. So successful has he been in his profession that he is believed to be worth some half-million sterling. Sixteen thousand eight hundred pounds a year is the price paid to the Shah by the farmer of the whole of the fisheries on the Persian coast of the Caspian. The indivi dual who owns this valuable stretch of water is M, Leonozoff, a Russian subject. He has just received the First Class, or " Grand Cordon," of the Persian Order of the Lion and Sun on the renewal of his contract for a number of years. "He disbursed," says Consul Churchill, "a large sum of money for this purpose." Enormous quantities of caviar are exported to Astrakan every winter and spring by M. Leonozcfl's establishment, where they are put into tins and placed on the market, the greatest consumption being, of course, in Russia, where no gentleman's table is unprovided with caviar for " zakuska" all the year round. An interesting anecdote is being told of the late Mr Aynsley Cook's appearance in an American law court as a basso. He was, it is said, in his early career engaged for an American tour. After a few weeks the "ghost" ceased to walk, and the manager was sued by an irate creditor, who pleaded that the manager was to blame for having engaged so poor a company. This the manager denied, and asked leave to send for the "least known member" of the company, that he might sing to the court. Mr Aynsley Cook was selected, and sang "The village blacksmith" in a way that fairly took the court by storm. The Judge dismissed the suit, making a jocular remark about the creditor's musical educa tion having been sadly neglected. It was a Saturday evening, and the man in charge of the office of a Glasgow paper was quietly readirg when the door swung open, and there appeared a grimy hand on the outside of tue counter, upon which fluttered a piece of dirty paper, with the result of a very junior football match. Leaning over the harrier, the clerk saw a little urchin, with a dreadful black eye, standing on tip toe in order to reach the counter. "Wull ye be shair tae pit it in on Monday P" was the query of the latter "Yes," was the answer, but the youngster still hung about as if loth to leave. To humour him the newspaper clerk asked him if there was anything else he wanted whereupon, pointing to his damaged optic and several contusions on his face, he re plied, " Aye ! Ye micht add to it 'rough play !' 