THE LOVE OF GOD. TBy Archdeacon Faeeae. D.B.1 'God is love.' To the old world was given the dispensation of one God, uuknovm as yet in His Trinity, but known or partially known as the Universal Father. He ievar ieft uare vealed either to Jewe or to Gentiles His essen tial attribute of love. To all mankind there were always two sources of reve lation from the very beginning — Isature and Conscience. St. Paul says — ' Be cause that which may be known of God is manliest in them, for God hata showed it unto them. For the invisib',3 things of Him from the creation of tbe world ave clearly seen, beiDg understood by ttio thiugs r.hat arts made, even His eternal power aad Godhead, so that they are without excuse. :! Aud besides this revelation of God in nature they had the revela tion of conscience, the law written in tiieir hearts, 'their thoughts, one with another, ac cusing or else excusing them.' Sc Paul told the Athenians h'ko that evea their own heathirn poets had come to know that we are ail God'a offsyriug. Besides what might be leamt ftoin God froai His work without and His voice within, bha Jewe h.id a nobler aud a fvsljer revelation. It had been the mission of Moses ro teae'a the:n that God ?was the Lord — 'the Lord God, merciful and gracious, ioug-suffering aud abuadaut in good nesj aud truth, keeping tcercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin.' An-i if, he adds, God will by no means ciear the K'Jilcy, the mo.si iarnor-iint atuonjj them ecmld not fail to sae that what we call God's wrath or God's esnaifcy is but another form of his rnerey — tiia one objecs is w- save man from ein, the only tbrribie enemy which ho lias to ftar. Even more clearly did God reveal Himself to the oropheta and poets of Israd as u God cf love, ready to pardon, slow eo anger, and of great kindness. In the utterances of those mighty moral teachers, even aruid their strong denunciations of apostasy there breathed the spich of infinite tRnderassa. ' Can a woman forget her Euck iug chii-j, chat she shouid not have compassion on the son of her womb'' Yea they ratty forget, yet will I not forget thee. Behold i have graven thee upon the palms of my hands ;' ko wrote Isaiah the messages of God. ' Like as a father piiietih his children, so the Lord picieth thwn chat fear Him,' bo sang the Psalmist. ' Doubtless Tliou art our Father, though Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel a-kuowledge us not: Thou O Lord, art our Father, our Redeemer: Thy name islromever lascintr.' B:j again Bang Isaiah. Tne one iu-iiu lesson or all the prophets is that remark thrii*s quoted from Isaiah, 'I will have iutrcy and rcoB gaci-nice ;' and that glorious jiasnage of Mieau, '' ii* hath showed thee, O man. what is i*ood ; and what doth the Lord require of tttea bat to do justly and to l'v-« mercy and to walk humbly wisa tby It is remarkable tba.t thoush all nature, all conacier.ee, all experience, all Scri pture are full or tbe love of God towards us, man con tinually refuses and disbelieves the revelation, and conceives of God only through the distort ing mtdium of his own hate. God has never lett Himself without witness, but it has been iu vain. In. vain hath He sent us rain from heaven and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness ; iu vain does He make his sun to shine on the evil and ou the good an.i Kendeth Lis rain upon tho juss and upon the unjust ; in vain has he given us a, world wrapt ruuu:! with swees air and bright with sunshiae stud a.boiindinK with knowledge ; in vain nashe crowned the year v.icli His goodness aud en riched our lives with, friendship and love a,r:d homi? — in spi:e or all, man in well-nigh all his idols has deified iiis own worst pas tao:m : he has made his gods hideous and tauguinary and degraded' like the Shiva of Iiidia^ the gods of 2Cew Zealand, and the f.-ml demons of Africa, and ail the loathing deunjs we see at a thousand reeking altars offered up by terror stricken and eeii-tortured inen. And even the Jewe — 'people o£ His pasture and sheep of Ifis hand'— turn from Him their Lord and Master again and again in the valley of Hinnoiu to lay their children, Du the sloping brazen arms of' Moloch and see them writhe in tbe burning furnace at that grimy idol's feet— 'They loved not and there tore they knew not God.''' And so sinca the nations of mankind groping after God had failed to find Him in spite of all His merciful revelations, then in due time God s^nt forth His son. In that iSon, our Lord Jesus Christ, God stands revealed for ever in ail love's perfectness. Ib was a love wnose depth of riches, whose length, whos9 breadth, whose heighto we can never fully under stand. ' Herein is love, not thas we loved God,^ but that He' loved us-, and sent His Son to be the propitiation for Dur sins.' Truly that is a love which pisseth knowledge. It is a Jove deeper th:*n my had ever loved ; is was a love tor those whom none had ever loved ; it was a, love for earth's lowest, most fallen, most despicable, most despised ; it was a love for the heathen, though they were degraded and down trodden, and His love came to elevate even them into perfects honor and perfect brotherhood. Poverty was trampled on, and Christ came to uplift the lowest Ftate of the poor : cltildliood was wronged and Christ came to fling the desecrators of its innocence with a millstone round their necks into the sea; differences of religious opinion were anathematised, and : Christ chose the hated heretical and sehismatical Samaritan as His example of the great commandment; publi cans were execrated, and Christ was a friend of publicans ; the criminal classes were loathed, and Christ received sinners and ate with them. He pardoned the adultress as she lay at His feet, a dishevelled mass of infamy on the Temple floor; He suffered the penitent harlot to wash His feet with her tears and wipe them with the hairs of her head ; He touched the eyes of the blind and they saw; He touched the ears of the deaf and they were unstopped ; He touched the tongues of the dumb and they sang Eis praises. Even the lepers, most loathed of the loathed, most miserable of the miserable, at His word recovered new life — He touched and cleansed them. The Spirit of God annointed Him to preaoh good tidings to the poor, to heal the broken hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, to set at liberty them that were bruised, to preach the acceptable year or the Lord. My friends, could God have made it more clear than His love and that the marks of God our Saviour were goodness and kindness ? He was full of grace, He preached love, He was love ; He loved the outcast, He loved the sick, He loved the little ones. He loved all who suffered. He, came to teach honor from God to all whom men oppressed, glory to God from all whom raen despised, and that man's burdensome, complicated religionism might not succeed in consigning to endless perdition all mankind ex cept its own cliques. He loved sinners also. Tbe calm unfathomable ocean of His love was never swept into storm except against pride, pretension, and hypocrisy. He denounced nothing but the jealousy of Pharisees, the oppressiveness of scribes, the callous selfish ness of tboBe who would fain break the bruised reed and quench the smoking flax. The epitome of all His life was that He went about doing good and healing all that were bruised. His new commandment was 'Love one another as I have loved you.' ' He placed love ev6n above religion, for He bade ns leave the altar and the sacrifice till we are re conciled to our brother, and* he said that to love God and to love our brother was more than all burnt offerings and sacrifice. Surely, thai, now, if ever, and now at last now (hat He had so loved the world that Ho bad sent onto them TTjr Son, not to condemn ike world, -but j-bafr cbe-«rodd through Him '. . ??'?'??'?? ? ? ' ' v ' ' ? might have life— surely now, if ever, now at last, the world would learn and would in a transport of adoring gratitud e believe that God is love. Was it so? The Gospels, give answer. Men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were eviL He came to His own and His own received Him not ; He came to a scrupulous religious world, and that religious world, because he rejected their dogmas and their observances; because He told them that in vain did they worship Him, teaching for doctrines the command ments of men ; besauee His type of godliness was love and not Phariseeism, that religious world called him a Samaritan, as it has called many of its noblest saints, said He had a devil and was bad, denounced Him as a blasphemer and nailed Him to His cross of shame. Yet surely after He had risen from the dead the world — at least the Christian world — would be able to eee in Him that God is Love ; for whatever may be the forms which Christianity has since acsumed He left the simplest of aJl religious, of which the very essence was simple love. Alas ! even His Church very soon forgot and overlaid the lesson. While the Church was persecuted, while the Church was poor, betore emperors had laid their tainted hands upon the cross, before the wordly spirit of greed and pomp had invaded her bishops, before the spiritual simplicity of the Gospel was made tarbid with floods of Gnostic asceticism and burdensome with worship, before those days, I say, the Church had taught with one voice that tolerance was a duty, and that force was a thing hateful to this God of Love. But men lost eight of the whole meaning of that truth {when Christians in their turn becoming powerful had become persecutors. From that day forward their con science, further deadened by hideous dreams of endless torments for all exeeptinga fraction of mankind, the Church began to think that God would be pleased with auathemas aud denunciations, with the torture-room and the dungeon, the stake and the gibbet, the thumbscrew and the rack. Even Christian art catching the spirit of j|oon dage and of fear became a witness how fright fully even the Church in her nominal repre sentatives had forgottt-n that God is love. Under their very crucifixes they found nothing better to paino than a gaping and a flaming hell, full of souls hideously tormented. Christ became to them in His prominent conception a merciless avenger, less tender by far than human saints. Loot as the picture of 'The Last Judgment' by Michel Angelo, in the Sistine Chapel at Rome. There Christ, a wrathful H«rcules, His hand armed with tea thousand thunders, is hurling down His adversaries before Him in (laming ruin, and turns tempestuously awaj' from the hunaaa mother who pleads wich. Rim in vain. A work of Kubens reveals ayoodeeptr and more shamaful degradatioa of the con ception of tbe Lord of Love. There Christ stops short in the tempestuous fury of destruction, not because He loves evan sinners, not Ijesause for them He be came man, not because {or thsai He died, not wen because the virgin pleads for them, but He spares them ac the intercession of St. JL''r.ine;s of Assisi. That was what the Church became with its million sacramente, its popes, and priests, aad intermediaries of ali kinds thrust between i.he soul and its God, a distant deity, an absent fcaviour. Humanity was offered as fuel for the name, the Saviour of the world was perverted into an objeivt o[ ouperstitioti3 terror, and endowed with a ae;irt less tender than thaS of the begging friar. So was Christendom overshadowed with the horror of great d Arkcess. Yes, aias, R-.iniuaisia had not an op&n; monopoly ot perversion. Protestants also iu their systems of theology represented God far more as hate than love. Calvinism talked of Him raging in His wra,th, even against chil dren, spoks of them as little viperp. Read .Tonithau Edwards' of Boston's ' Fourfold State,' and see whether even the Christian, even' the religious world, ha3 in any way expelled Moloch from its couetpeions of God. Ko! Slea have not got be yond that conception of God whose name is love, and Who revealed the miinity of Hia love in His t-on, Jesus Christ our Lord. Aud yes, if in God r.n« Fashtr and God the Son v.a hcvve the perfeuB revelation that Go3 is love, we have so no less clearly in God -tiits Spirit. And yes the merciful Spirit of God, a!:.boogn its ever-beating witness with our triiiS that we are the sons of God, has been njisunderstcod. We ai-6 bidden not to grieve thai; Holy Spirit, because by Kim we are Etaied unto the day of Redemption. We ar« toid the Spirit itself bearet.li witness with our spirit that we aio sons, of CiOd, we are fcolu that He is the Comforter — that is the strc-ugchener — \\.he Spirit of Love and Grace and 1/tsac*, that He httlpsth our infirmities, thu.t he uiaketh inter cession for us with groanmss thai cannot be uitf rod ; and yet because there is one passage in Scripture which speaks of blasphemy against the Holy Ghost, which shall not) be forgiven, men have by thousands turned the thought of God's merciful Spirit) into mere terror. I suppose there are few clergymen who have not come across persona helplessly terrifying themselves into madness by the fajsay that they have been guilty of the unpardonable sin. My brethren, evary sin is an unpardGnabltt eio uui.iL it be re pented of, and the sin which persistently and defiantly hates God aud calls evil good, every sin which wiliiugly puts carkDeBS for light and H^'at ^for darkness, every sin which willingly sells itself to do evil is an utter abnegation of the .spirit of love, and is therefore death, and is therefore corruption. ISut this at least is certain — no man who is sorry foe sin, no man who comes to Christ for for givens.ss, no man who flies for refuge to the hope set before bim, can have committed a sin against the Holy Ghost, for Christ iiuug wide open the golden gates of repen tance when he gave that icost gracious epitome of all thaa is most t.emk-r in revelation, the parable of the Prodigal Son, and He flung those gates wide open when He said, ' Come unto ma all ye that ave weary and heavy laden, aud I will give you r-^c, aud him that cometh uato Me I will in eo wise east out.' God, then, is love, the Father is love, the Son is love, the Holy Ghc:-:'i is love, and it His exceeding love towards wretches su^h as we are dc?.s noc win us what will* Let Baal VTorihippsrs gash tbemseivea before their a'tare, but God desires iu us not the Epirifc of fear but the spirit of love. 'Perfect love easxeth out fear, becauso fear hath torment.''3 Ir we do not learn that God is love we defy all Eis teaching. He teaebeth us all tbe works of His love by the 'Word of His love, by the Spirit of His love. One thing, and one thin? only, can effectually darken thai love, and that is sin wilfully and willingly persisted in, and that is why God bates sin, sin against knomtodge and light, sin cherished persistently and habitually that indeed does not separate the love of God from us, it separates us from the love of God. Sin to be ioreiven must be, by His freely offered grace, forsaken. We must choose between sin and God, between sin which is our destruction and God which is our life ; and if we choose God which is life and come to Christ that in Him. we may have eternal life, and cease to resist the strivings of the spirit which He sheds abroad in our hearts, crying Abba Father, then there is no one soul hera so bad, so abject, so fallen, bo smitten with moral leprosy aa to be beyond the reach of God's mercy. To every one of us for the degraded past there ia forgiveness, for the blighted preeeat there ia strength, for the fearful looking forward to the darkened future there is hope and peace. Human theoiosy has too often made the doctrine of the Trinity bristle with anathemas — let us rather make it ring with hallelujahs; human theology has too ofc-n darkened it with masses of obscure definitions — let us enlighten it with the glory_ of holy lives. Greation, re demption, sanctification — that is the meaning of the Trinity. He that would be saved must think of the Trinity, Father, Sou, and Holy Spirit, one in love — thaS is the Catholic faith. All these messages of mercy are com prised in the certain truths which we have considered, truths which all revelation teaches, truths which it seems to be the instinct alike of all man's religion and of his irreligiou to obscure and to reject, the central and sufficient truths of all Christianity that God is near us, and that God is love. And from this truth, in conclusion, springs also all our duty. Love is the fulfilling of the law ; he that loveth his neighbor hath fulfilled the law. Ail true worship, all true service reduces itself to that. He asks no taper lights on high, surrounding the priestly altar or the saintly grave, no dolorous chant, no organ music, nor incense clouding up the twilight — Mot such tbe sei vice tbe bemgrnant Father liequireth at His earchiv children's bauds, Not the poor offering ot vain rires, but ra-her The Eimpte dnty man from man dtruands. O, brother man, fold to tbine heart '-by brother, Where pity dwelin tne love of God is there, To woreoip'rightly is to love m-rh other, Each emile ou him, each kindly deed a prayer. The only question we ask is this, whether God is guiding the race or not. If He guides it then it is on its way to good and not to evil. — F. W. Robertson. ' 