THE MERCURY. BOBABT: MONDAY, JULY S, «WA EPITOME OF NEWS. Hobart fruit agents caine in for some criticism at New Norfolk on Saturday. Largo attendances at the United Mission services at Exhibition-building yesterday. Northern footballers defeated by the South on Saturday-5-8 to 4-10. New Norfolk fruitgrowers guarantee Mr. Duflow 25,000 bushels per annum for fruit drying. The Rev. Father John Quinn died at Launceston yesterday from consumption. He was only 27 years old. The Parliamentary Debating Society meet« to-night. Subject: *'Australasian Court of Appeal" Social tendered to Northern footballers on Saturday evoning bj b T F A proved a great success Proceedings were marked with much enthusiasm lhe accused in the Alount Huxley aliened conspiracy wero discharged at Police Court on Saturday, there being no prima facia case against them ! "»liver quotation J8Jd Victonis dehcit incroasod to 1? millions Barraba bant murderers to be executed on the 20th Hist Two Anarrlusts have nnrrowlj escaped lynching at the hands of a London crowd Suspoctod intention to dynamite the new Tower Hridgi frustiatcd Dredging discontinued at Brisbane Funds exhausted America likely to arbitrate between China and Japan Salo of foreign meat in Fngland as homo fed to bo stringently suppressed A few timid onus liai o withdrawn their deposits from the Bink of New Zealand Another case of small pox atPorth,Western Australia The Western Australian revonue for tbo financial jearlargelv exceeds the estimate Rev COL Riley has accepted the Bishopric of Perth, W est Australia. Russia achieving astounding artillery sue cossea Mr R. I Stevenson savs meddling Consuls m bnmoa are causing much mischief Coachbuil 1er s m England anxious to practically test New South Wales timberi Eightv tlousapd railway bands on strike in Amerióa Hon Mackenzie Bow eil elected President of the Ottawa Conferonco Wholesale arrests of Anarchists in Rome and of Nihilists in Smolensk burrev making n brav o bid for the cricket championship of Lngland British revenue returns show a bravy falling off for the past quarter New Comed) Company formed with capital of £20 000 to tour m Australia China doflnatel) refuses to admit Japan to a joint occupation of Corea War now saems inevitable. Sir Henri Loch has sottled the Swazi difficulty and obtained relief of Britishers in Transvaal from compulsory militar) duty New Zealand Pat ltament guarantees Bank of New Maaland preference shares to the extent of two millions sterling No members of reigning families attended M Caí not s funeral, being cautioned not to do so b) their Ambassadors Vi-ero) of India basdorided not to re open the mints until tho present currency policy has been tested New South Wales honoy sant to England found much better than Queensland con aignments Steamboat measurement freights to Mel bourne Adelaide, and bvdnoj are to be in creased 2s Gd per ton Prince of Wales on Saturday opened tho Tower Bridge, which crosses the Thames between the Miñones and Horsley down Police warned of a possible attempt to blow up the White Lodge Richmond Park, present residence of the Duke and Duchess Of York __ We suppose that there is no other I subject which politicians and reformers discuss, about which so much non- sense is tallced as tbe land. It has been said that when a la ely comes into a room where men have been | talking sensibly, they immediately begin to talk nonsense, whilst it is quite well-known that when a grave and generally sensible clergyman speaks at a tea-meeting he talks too ofteu what is but a very short way removed from nonsense. Now,, the land seems to have much the same effect jon a host of speakers and writers as the ladies are'said; not in a very complimentary fashion, to have on sensible men. Why this should be so 'we have been unable to discover, except that the land has always been a subject of dispute and speculation, and is likely to re- main so till the tnd of the human race. The latest theory,'which is an old friend with hardly a new dress, is that land ought to pay more than other things, because it i* permanent, and the other things are not. This has, no doubt, an air of justice at first sight to those who do not usually consider the meaning of words or the application of principles, but when it is considered it will be found to be a shallow and most evident fallacy. We sboiild like to have some reasons, for as yet we have.not had'any, to show why a man who earns his living from the land should be called upon to pay more than other persons. It is to be noted at the outset that the question is not as to State or other improved value of land, but simply that land, as land, ought to pay more than any other form of property. We want to know the reason why. The answer, so far, is because it is permanent. We answer that this has nothing to do with the questionr* because there are other things that are permanent which are not called upon to bear special rates of taxation. But, as a matter of fact land, as a wealth-producing medium, is not of itself permanent, as most persons are supposed to know. There are many thousands of acres of land in Victoria which have been rendered practically valueless by reckless farm- ing, and which to-day are not worth one-tenth part of tbeir value thirty years ago. Therefore, we see that the land as a wealth-producer is not per- manent, but is only made to be so by the application of skill, combined with abstinence ,from year to year. The land is, in fact, so far as wealth-pro- ducing goes, not much different from a factory, in which the machinery has .to be repaired at intervals and gradually renewed. Indeed, if we come to consider this matter veiy closely, we shall see that the skill, experience and patient abstinence which have to be exercised in order to make the land produce constant crops, far exceed those qualities as applied to manufactures, whilst the return is always a great deal more pre- carious, because the farmer's profit is always, to a very considerable ex- tent, dependent on the seasons. Then, there are other thingb quite as per- manent as agricultural land, such as a morass, a barren mountain, a quarry of stone, or even the rivers and the sea themselves. All these in special ways are useful, and they all are per- manent, but no one as yet has pro- posed to tax them specially because they are so. From all of which we must conclude that if land ought to pay a special rate of taxation, the reason is not because it is permanent, but some other. Going further, we may ask why a man who wrests a living from the soil should pay more for his raw material titan other workers ? We have shown that it can only be preserved as usefui to him bj his own skill and care, and we do not suppose that any one will coptend, in these days, that the agriculturist has a more pleasant time than the manufacturer or the artisan. In these colonies, not to go further afield, there are fanners with their families who work from four in the morning until eight o'clock at night, aHd then only make a bare living. Are these persons, or the land on which they work, which is the same thing, proper objects of special taxa- tion ? Is the small landholder who works year after year from daylight till dark, who has to brave the weather no matter how inclement it may be, to be singled out for taxation, when the artisan who only works eight hours a day, and under shelter, is to be looked upon as one who is to be let off I as lightly aa possible? Take the' small Fieuch landholders, of whom we have heard so much, is their land a proper object of special taxation? Those who have read accounts of thom »s published in English by Lady Verney and Mr. Kammerton cannot but know that they lead lives which the British workman would regard as slavery, and would not submit to for a single day. Take our own little colony. There are men in the bush at this very day toiling from daylight to I dark, whether it be rain or shine, hewing out a home and a living for themselves, and yet are we nsked to believe that the land on which they work, and which their work alone renders valuable, ought to be specially taxed, ought to pay more than a factory which may bring in a steady income for generation after generation. The mere statement of the case shows its palpable absurdity. We shall be told, no doubt, that nothing like what we have said is meant, which is likely enough, but then people should not lay down, with the aid of instructors, principles which they do not understand. Possibly, some day, when the mil- lennium draws nigh and mau has "evoluted" into an unselfish and reasonable animal, some of the land theories propounded may be woiked out, but in the meautime the question is how to tax people faitly, so that burdens shall be as equal as possible. There is only one way that .wo , have yet heard of, and that is to tax each one in proportion to his means. Now, it is evident that two men may have equal quantities of land and land of equal quality also, and jet one will prosper and the other fail. The cause of failure may be ill- health, incapacity for work, bad management or oven idleness, but the State can only deal with results, aud say to the one who has most that he shall pay most. This applies to all industries whatsoever, for all industries may be said to depend on the characters of those who carry them on, and thus things are made as equal as human skill can make them. But, to pick out one set of workers and ^declare that they shall pay more because they deal with one kind of natural object rather than another, is a gross in- justice and something very like au absurdity." It is not too much to say that tie" utmott I astonishment, mingled with some indigna- tion, was felt on Saturday, when it became known that the Crown had withdrawn from the prosecution of the three psraons charged with conspiracy to defraud, by '* salting " the Mount Hunley raine. How Jar the in- dignation whs warranted we, of course, cannot at present say, but the astonishment seems to have been reasonable enough. For, it is difficult to believe that the Crown law officers would have caused thei men to ba airfsted and two of them brought to Hobirt, unless they first asaured them- selves that tiley had sufficient evidence to sustain a jirima facia case in the Police Court. They havo had to admit that they had not, but that is all that has boen said upon the subject so far, though we presume that it will not rest where it ia., Indeed, it saunot be so allowed to rest. Various rumours aro current, some of which point to a miscarriugo of justice, inasmuch as it is said .that -persons against whom th,ere is evidence have not been arrested, though they could have been at almoBt any time during the last week. Whether thia is true or not we have yet to learn, but it is'abso- lutely necessary, not only in the interests of jnstice, but of the mining industry in this oolony, that n full explana- tion of the whole circumstances shall be made, and made at once. Wo. under- stand that this matter will be brought up in the Assembly, on Tuesday next most probably, when the Attornny-General will be expected to show that the Government has done all that was possible to getto thobottom of the mystery, and put the law ia force BgainBt anyone who may have been con- cerned in what appears at present to have been a remarkable attempt at fraud! The public, too, "Wants to know why Mr. Mont- gomery's second report, of which soi much has been heard, has not been made public, so that the nature and value of the evidence which he has obtaiued may be known. Those who bought shares here have lost £2 on each share, not much truly, but;they insist that they have a right to bp assured that nothing has been left undone to get at; the truth and punish those who may have been guilty. All are agreed that this m»tter cannot rest where it is, bo that the sooner the Government makes an explanation the better it will be, l It ia astonishing how thiuga neem to come . round through Bomethiug providentially cropping up to improve the condition of a body of people when their prospects seem darkest, and to the fruitgrowers of this colony the. new drying industry seemi likely to prove a substantial boon. A report in another column of a meotiog held at New Norfolk indicates that a Melbourne firm have agreed to take at least 25,000 bushelB of surplus fruit from that district annually, for five sansons, in order to start a fruit drying factory to be er«""*sd either in Hobart or ut New Norfolk. This new enterprise seemed a small thing nt Eist, but it has de- veloped by leaps and bounds till the evaporators constructed for private use aro now to be partly superseded by factories where the drying procesa may he effected on a very extensive scale. The business seems to be especially successful with lippies and plums, for which, treated in this form, there ii not only a good sale in the Australasi&u; colo- nies themselves, large quantities being even sold in Tasmania, but in the warmer parts of Western Australia, and across the ocean in the vast regions of Asia and part of Africa generally termed "the East," the market is found to be almost unlimited. At long as the fetiah Mussulman is satisfied that the fruit in this form has not been touched by the hands of " Christian dogs " it is taid that be will continue to buy on an increaaing scale. The relisons for this are many. At the bottom of it all is the fact that the fruit it not only very handy for culinary and dessert purposes, but is to easily restoied to its natural state by simply soaking in water. Then, fruit bo treated will keep any length of time in any climate, ia small cn bulk, and easily carried ; is very eoonoii';cal compared with purchasing, for instance, a case of apples, and can be bought in small quantities. The pi ¡ces which Mr. Duflow offers the growers are very low, but it must be remembered that they are for surplus and second-class fruits, a very large proportion of which ia allowed to waste to the extent of thousands of bushels in a plentiful season, auch as the last has been. This new mode of disposing of them will alto tend to improving the quality of the fruit exported, aud of increas- ing the local prices for the best samples of apples,because there will notthen be thatglut which at present eiifts. These are not the dayl of high prices in any particular line, but rather for making the moat of Binall thing«. High prioet often detract attention fra** «mall taisgt.asd «mall tbingi at «mall prices, properly lookod niter, often "give the best results, in pursuanoo of the principle of looking after the pence and the pounds will I look after themselves. Under these ciroum atanoci the proposai to start a frnit-drying I factory by Mcs-rs. Osborn, Duflow & Co. is gratifying news. The doings of the Ministry in connection with the Hobart Hospital aro unuBual^and wo must say decidedly shnbby and unfair. Ministers appear to bave been seized with one, of the most extraordinary fits of oîonomy that wo have he »rd of for a long time indeed we do not remember a case which is, as the lawyers say, on all fours with this prosent ono. Tho resident surgeon falls ill whilst in tho performance of his duties, just as a soldior might be wounded in the field, and there arises ut once quito a pother over what appears to be tbc simplest thing in the world, tho appointment of a locum tenais. Ministers coolly suggeet that the honorary doctors ahall do the work, which naturally enough they declino to do, and then a proposal ia niado that other officers, not paid for this purpose at all, shall undertake the duties. They, too, naturally enough, declino, Thoo comes the as'.ooiBhing pre- position from the Premier that Dr. Muxwrll, the resident surgeon, shall only receive half salary whilst lie ia ill, the other half to go towards tht payment of a loman latent, which the doctor's family, also naturally enough, decline to agree to. Surely, the Ministry or the Premier, if be alone ia responsible, ought to be able to see that such a proposition is altogether unbecoming, not to say absurd, quite unworthy of a Government, and one which cannot be carried out except in a way which must prove tobo moat unsatisfactory, and probably discreditable. Surely, the colony lina not fallen into such terrible straits that it can- not afford lo do a simple and ordinary act of common justice to one of its officer;, dis- abled in the performance oi bia duties, not lo mention the necessity of keeping the work of the institution in an efficient Bta'c. Wo hope, for the euke of our reputation, and in the interests of fair play, the Ministry, or the Minister chiefly concerned, will see thut a proper locum tenais is appointed and paid, without any further delay, and without trenching on the salary of au officer who has been stricken down whilat in the performance of bia duty. This is what the publia looks for ut the hands of the Ministry. Deiutk on the Credit Foncier Bill in the Vic orian Assembly has brought Mr. Deakin prominently to the front as an anatomist of the proposed measure. Suggesting that one woy cf assisting the producers of the colony would be to decrease the number of non-pro- ducers who live on the producera-a perfectly sound theory, but more easily spoken of than put in practice-ho deolares that the Credit Foncier Bill does not oontain many things the Treasurer said it did contain, and it does contain many of the things the hon. gentleman declared would not be there. This is cruel, but, judging from reports of the debate, approximates very closely to abioluto truth. " Great is Diana of the Ephesians, and greater still is the value of a catchword in this oountry," Baid Mr. Deakin. " Cheap money " is the present - I shibboleth, but, says Mr. Deakin, what the | Bill offers is not cheap money for the many, but cheap value for the few. "It seeks to benefit one claBS, and that olaBS tbe large landowners. It does not assist the landless and the workers." On the point raised as to the necessity for having proper valuations made, Mr. Deakin reminded the Treasurer that the Credit Foncier system bad been tried in the Argentine Republic, of all countries in the world, and that valua- tions there are now only one-sixth of what they were. Into ' some such condition as tbii wo are drifting in the colonies, and this really seems to bo the chief difficulty in adjusting any system of credit which will hypothecate the actual cash savings of the thrifty few on the security offered by lands. The Victorian Government proposes to make an outlay of £5,000,000 under this measure, and to amend the Savings Bank Act in order to utilise funds therein accruing, of course on the assumption that Savings Bank invest mentswill always present a comtantquuntity. There is, however, an element of uncertainty in thiB, as Mr. Muddeu showed, although he poses as a cordial supporter of the bill, His figurée on the falling-off in incomes owing to depression of the times, read thus : -Ministers of the Crown, 4s. in the £1 ; members of Parliament, 3b in the £1 ; Civil servants, other than'wages men, Is. to 3s. in the £1 ; professional men-lawyers, doctors, etc., 5s. to 10s. in the £1 ; property owners, 10s in the £1 ; tramway employees, 5b..to 9s in the £1; tramway wages men, 5s, in the ¿1 ; Government wageB men, la. in the £1 ; farmers, 10s. to 15s. in the £1. [What the working man suffers is perhaps scarcely calculable, but it is evident that Savings Banks clienlelle have now but little money to save, while property owners und farmers, to whom the Credit Foncier ia to be a means of financial salvation, have already Jost 50 per ocnt, of their possessions and there is no assurance that they have yet touched bottom In the swirl of contending currents. Incidentally it may bo mentioned that, in tho Credit Foncier de France, on April 17 last, the outstanding arrears wore £203,547, exclusive of accrued interest. Tasmaxia and the Ottawa Cokïebknce -Sir Edward Braddon baa received a cable- gram from Mr. Nichols Fitzgerald, of Mel- bourne, who, whilst being one of the repre fentativea to the Ottawu Conference from Victoria, undertook to represent the interests of Tasmania us well, stating thut at the ban- quet given in honour of the opening of the Conference, he had an opportunity to make references to the beautiful climate and natural resources of Tasmania. Mr. Fitz- gerald says it waa a most enthusiastic gather- ing, and he believes the Conference will be a great success. Postal Guide. -ThePoBt Office authorities have issued No. 8 of the Tasmanian Postal Guide, corrected and revised up to date, and in all necctiary details extended. It is a most useful publication, and tho nominal cost of Gd. does not marly represent the cost of production. Public Wokks Tenders.-The following tenders have been accepted for publio works :-Road, Cairns' Bay to Back Settle- ment, H. 8. Walker, £87 15s. 8d.; White- foord Bills to Kimberley railway station, Nugent & Charlesworth, £95 la. 4d. The tender for roads, Ashwater and Stowport district (parish of Riana), road to J, J. Clarke's, gazetted on May 1 last, io the name ot M. Raymond, haB been corrected to M. Ra)mond Cann. The tender of Hellion and Mitchell, for jetty at Pat't River settlement, Flinders Islaud, gazetted February 13 last, baa been transferred to James Henry Bellion, Bellerive and Bkltana vVatkk Suitly. -The good people of Belli rive aud Beltana, combined, mean to make another effort to secure a supply of fresh water to their town ships, being advised ongood authority that the project is practicable it an outlay which is not insurmountable, at ull events. A meet- ing of residents and landholder!) of Bellerive and Beltana will be held at the Bellerive institute this evening, at 8 o'clock, to discuss the mutter. It is proposed to make the Boheme sufficiently extensive to provide a water service for Bellerive, Beltana, and contiguous districts. Shipment op Büttek to Enoland. Messrs. A. G. Webster & Son, ue ugeuts ior the P, & 0\. S. Navigation Co., write : \- "We will be glad if you will intimate that the agreement with the Victorian Government for refrigerated freight of butter provides that a certain quantity of space be reserved for New South Wales, South Aus- tralia, and Taemania. All interested in Tasmanian shipments of butter, will be glad to hear this informatioty" Citv Band.-Owing to the rain that fell yesterdayafternoon'and evening the intended performances by the City Band hal to be abandoned, but if 4e weather is fine next .Sunday the prognAme prepared for yeiter* day will tbMUetÄted. Earl Finiiaij..-This nobleman, who Mb first visit to the antipodes, hat been touring Tasunnia for the past month, travel- ling by train where possible, and taking to horseback, and elsewhere on foot whore other means of locomotion failed. His lordship, in a word, has been "doing" the co'ony thoroughly, and expresses un- qualified pleasure with his cxporieucct. He went round to the West Coast, und ovcr liud to Mount Bifchoff, and describes the workings at the tin nioun'ain as absorbingly interesting, while the quantity of minmai wealth taken out excited his astonishment, as it dots moat people's for tho matter oi that. The Karl thinks well of tho Weat Cumbrrland (tin) and the Major (gold) properties. At present ho is a guest at Government Housv. In about a vveok hu will leave the colony for Melbourne, and con- tinue his tour through Australia. TniNiTV Sunday Schools.-On Saturday afternoon the foundation-ttono of tho new wing to the Trinity Sunday-aihnuls was laid hy Mrs. G. W. Shoobridge, wife of the in- cumbent. The weather was very muchagainst nu; thing likca largcatteuduncc; nevertheless the achoolrooma were well filled, Mr. A. Ctisp, M.H.A., being present, and nmong thecltricul visitors wore Reva. Cmou Binka Smith, J. B. W. Woollnough, mid F. Cope- land, who took part in the ceremony. Tho service commenced with the singing of "Onward, Chr¡8tian Soldiers." Special prayers, paalniB, and versiclcs were usod, then the hi inn " The Church's olio founda- tion '' was rung, after which the officiating clergy (Revs. G. W. Shoobridgo and C. Vaughan) proceeded to the stone. This was gradually lowered into ita plsce, and after receiving the customary three tapa was de- clared " well and truly laid io the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." In a cavity beneath the stone a sealed bottle was placed, containing n copy of the Church Neus and writtcu matter relativo to the parish and its schools. When tho olergy had returned to the roomf, Rev. G. W. Shoobridge Baid ho regretted, very much that the weather had been eo iinfavomublo, ' as he believed there would have been a much larger attendance had ii been otherwise. He thanked those who had come, and ho asked tho!r earnest pi ayers for the success of the work. Unfortunately, Bishop Montgomery was unable to bo present lo lay the stone, us he waB detained in the Straits IalnndB, but it WBB with very great pleasure that Mre. Shoobridge complied with exprc'Bcd wishes that she should perform the ceremony. Ho knew of no oDe whose connection with the parish exceeded hera in pjint of time, It was very gratifying to see so many kind friends from all the city parishes who had braved the elements. It gave his fellow workers and himself great encouragemont, and they felt it very deeply. Ho proceeded to explain what it waa intended tu do, and why it was ti b : done at the present timo. In addition to the present ttciomvnoda^ion, which was not now sufficient, there was to bo a oliissroom. Q'iarters were to bo built for the verger, so that eomcone would be on tho spot to protect the buildings from injury. Then the pariah sadly needed a room to hold meetings in, in a lady who for years had given up her rooms for this purpose ,wna .leaving the p irish, and it was necessary lo liavb rooms ha. which smaller meetings could be held on week-day evenings if the work of the parish was to be kept going in a healthy way. Eighteen years ago the Behool commenced with 13 children ; now, taking tho two schools together, there were some 400 in Trinity and 100 in Ware stieot school. The children of to-day uro the men and women of to-mcrrow, and if the future is to be a goodly one, the children must receive religiouB instruction founded on a knowledge of God, and of His San Jeaus Christ. It had been said that tho work should not have been undertaken in " these badtimee," but the Parhjh Council had very carefully considered the matter, and they considered the present time most opportune to undertake the work. It waa to cost £500 ; of that £350 waa bor- rowed, Becured on the premise», and in order to pay that a tinking fund had been created from the ground rents arising from tho houses built close to the school in tho course of time. Rent will be paid for the verger's qunrtorB, which will almnat poy the interest on the £350, bo that £150 was wanted. Of that sum the PnriBh Council had generously promised £77, extending over a period of three years, and with tho subscriptions and donations promised this would reach £100. The contractera, Mcasre. Cooper B os., had kindly allowed £150 to remain at the rate of 5 per cent, for throe years, ro that it could not be said that the parish waa needlessly running into debt. Of course, ho wob telling them In Btrict confidence. (Laughter.) The £350 would be circulated in wngeB and in other ways, ao that it would be helping the unemployed in a way which they preferred, and was not aBking them to encrilice any self-reapect to accept anything for which they did not work. (Applause.) A collection amouuting to £7 10b waB then taken up, and duly set apart for the work. Mr. F. P. Bovvdon, choirmaster, and with him Mr. Gould, organist, conducted the musical portion of the Bervicc, which was most heartily and reverently rendered. Postponement ok Mismos.-The Rev. A. W. Robinson, acting under medical advice, has_ been obliged to give up the miasion which he waa to have begun yesterday. The Rev. Canon Carter, who preached in Holy Trinity Church yesterday both morning and I evening, annouueed that he would now be j responsible for conducting the miasion, but that he could not begin it for a week, The miasion at Holy Trinity will therefore begin next Sunday, and all the services will be held as announced on the published lists, but one week later than the dates given. All Saints' Relief Association. - A meeting of the committee of the All Saints' Relief Association was held at the All Saints' Sunday schoolroom on Thursday last, when the Rev. S. Bucknell presided, and there were about 12 members present. The secretary (Mr. Vivian L. Butler) read the report of the Executive Committee, which set forth what had been done to provide work for the unemployed of the district. The report stated that a list of 57 families, comprising 278 persons (in- cluding those always in distress) had been seen to. In 28 cases work had been given, and for four or five more work had been found among residents. In the remaining cases the committee for the present could find employment. Other works were under consideration. The rate of wages for these relief works was 3s 4d. per day. The committee considered the proposal from the Ministers' Association that this committee should combine with them impracticable. The curate of St. George's had asked them to find some employment for men in his district, and the wages would be provided. Temporary work had accordingly been found for three men. The treasurer's statement was also read and showed £153 to have been received up to date from subscriptions, and contribu- tions from other sources ; £32 of which had already been expended in providing work, and a sum of £60 being available for expendi- ture after making due provision for the completion of the work now in hand. The report and balance-sheet were adopted on the motion of the chairman, seconded by Mr. Cecil Walker, and the meeting then closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. FlI!8T COMMDMON AT St. JoSCPIl'S. Veiy interesting ceremonies took place at St. .Joseph's Church yesterday io connection with the first communion of children, who had been carefully instructed on the im- portance of the function for some weeks beforehand. Having assembled in the schoolroom, they marched in procession to the church, the gilla attired io white dreSBes and veils, and wearing medals round the neck ; whilst the boys had their medals affixed by clasps to the coat. Mass wat cele- brated at 9 30 a.m., the children singini; very tweetly lèverai appropriate English hymns. Jutt before administering Holy Communion, Father Kelah addrested a few earnest words to the children, reminding them of tho great gift their Bleated Redeemer was about to confer upon them,' and the dispositions with which they should ap- proach the altar. After Mass they were entertained at breakfast in the schoolroom, the Sisters of Charity attending to their wants. In the afternoon, despite the pouring rain, the little band reassembled in the Church for the renewal of baptismal vows, the meaning and import of which were clearly explained to them by Father Hennebry, who also enrolled them in the scapular. English hymns wer« aung again at intsrv -le in the service, the whole concluding with benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. The children numbered 48, including 13 from St. Joseph's Orphanage, In the evening Mrs. Lovett sang veryf levotionally Pergetti fiulve llr/jina, and er y^iiium Eryo adapted from The Dawjlittr/ofJaiiru», by Mr. Mulcahy. Bkead a.<d hurriKit Ball.-Under the patronage and promised presence of Lord | aud Lady Gormanston, a bread and butter ball in aid pf the Ladies' Villacc Settlement Fund is to take place on the 10th intt. The prices of ticket«, etc., will be found par- ticularised in our advei ÜBHment columns. Mew Kind or Liuel AcrioN.-It it ttated in Melbourne that Webb & Son«,' flour millen at Bendigo, have ¡Bsupd writs »gainst the local papers, c'aiining £5,000 damages in each case, for publishing reporte of ameetlog of uniont at which it wa« decided to 1 boycott. I Ciinnauoi' Emilaxi) Pkoplk's Mission. The Rev. A. Turnbull delivered an address in the Maliners' Church last evening on " The Dingera and Warnings of Plutocracy and Anarchism." He took for his text Jor. vin. oh. und 15th voric-" Wo looked fe peace but no good caine, and for & time of health and behold trouble." After describ- ing tho condition of things which prevail, <1 amongst the Jewish nation, and the conse- quent troubles, ho went on to show that history repeated itaolf in ihc bincful rcsnlt8 of Plutocracy and AnarcKi'in. Ile explained tho rise of Plutocracy from the mythology of auoicnt Greece, aud pointed out that tim term vvna applied to those who used their wealth to oppress others. Anarchy was spoken of as being destructivo of forniB of government. It hid spread it} influenco throughout tho world, and' was no longer merely a Continental ovil, £ha two Systems of Plutocracy aud Anarchism were bearing pernicious fruits. The power of wealth might and in «lavery, hut lhere would bo rcprlmlB, Samson might ^ull down the social fabric, and perish in , the etruggle. What was wanted was a reform of both olasscs. God inculcated righteousness ior p3acc, and trouble was the rceu't of bud government. Hiero was only a moderate aHendancc, owiug to the unpropitious without. ' Saint Mary's CATitrmnAL.- The " Forty Hours' Adoratiou " commenced at St Mury'B Cathodral with High Mass on Friday lost, when tho Cathedral clergy, «Bslstod by Fnthor Kelsh from St. Joaeph'r, conducted tho ceremonies. The prayer for forty honra, together boforo the Blessed Sacrament, in memory of tho forty hours dnriogwbich thb body ot Christ was. in tho sepulchre, began in Milan about 1534. Since then the devo- tion has spread to every countiy aid is now a recognised annual ^observance is all the principal Catholic churches throughout the world. Catholics everywhere look upon this aa one of the moat so'einn functions of their church. No labnuror expinee isapared in beautifying the altar and its surroundings for the occaBiou. And yet from the opening to the close no ceremony is going on in the sanctuary, no sou ml of tong is issuing from the choir, no voice of oxhottitiou proceeds from the pulpit, no prayer is uttered aloud at the altar. There are hundreds coming in and going oat, and yot they ara engaged in no congregational act of worship. Euch heart and soul is alone in tho midst of a' multitude ; each uttering i's omi thoughts and each feeling ita own grace. Very large numbera vi'ittil the Cathedral every hour since Friday, and at the concluding ceremony yesterday every seit was ocQupled.' Father O'Reilly was celebrant of the Mass, and was assisted by Fathers O'Flyun and Kclsh, Father Gi'lrnm directing tho ceremonies. At the end of the Mass a procession was formed nf the vaiiotia confraternities belonging to the parish, and nioycd round within the Cathedral, each member, carrying u lightel t-.ptr. The ârclibishop, under a cuuopy, borne by four male members of the congregation, and attended hy the clergy came, last, currying tlio rich monstrance with the Blessed Sacrament, the choir meanwhile rendering appropriate music. ' The spocticlc was a very'heautiful one, the distinctive costumes of the various confraternitieabcing ¡ucontrust to the gloomy stale of the wrathei outside. Tho litaniea'were «ung by the clergy, and tho Archbishop recited the prescribed prayers, the long ceremony concluding with the singing of the Te jDnim by the choir under Mr. McCntin. Muoh praise is duo to the Präsentation nunB for the manner in which they earned out the decoration of the sanctuary, Mr. Abbott, of the Botanic gardouB, and Mr, Latham, of Liverpool Btreot, very kindly supplied a largo number of potted shrubs and plante. Rev. John McNeill's Mission.-Tbo celebrated Scotch evangelist commenced bis mission in Hobart yesterday under auspicious circumstances iu every way but the weather, which was aB unfavourable ob it could well have been. But this did not prevent a large congregation assembling at the Inter- national Exhibition in the afternoon. Tho large hall and galleries were comfortably filled, the 2,000 .or so of wet overcoats, cloaks, and umbrellas also present making it just as well that the audience were not crowded. Mr. McNeill is accompanied by Mr. ,7. H. Burke, ji gentleman with a pleasant voice, aud a good portable organ, both of which he used very edectively iu singing and accompanying solos from Sunkey and Moudy's collection, these hymns having been selected fer use during the mission. Beside the instrument und its player, there were on the platlorm the Revs. Or. Scott, I. K. Mcintyre, J. T. Pltrcey, and others, auppoitBd by a strong ohoir, with Mr. A. Jrf Mills at the organ. The proceedings bpr^y? with relays of hyinn-siiiijing and prayer,* 'piS Rev. John McNeill taking advautuge of tlufi intervals to make announcements with re- j gard to the cc-uduct of the mission. Hu | passed the customary compliment,on Hobart and its beautiful scenery, rema king that | his arrival reminded him of going into Roth- say Bay on a wet day, the Gothic coming into port in bad weather, A greater com- pliment, he thought, hud never been paid him and hia friend, ua missioners, than the large congregation present on such a wet day. The committee under whose auspices the misBion would go on comprised repre- sentatives of all the evangelical churches. But as ho liked a Urge committee he would i confer tho honour ol being on the committee to all present, and '-aruestly requested them to udvanue the iiiveiests of the mission. The sottled programme was for antther meeting in that hall at S in the evening. Nothing would he done on Monday, there being a desire to avoid clashing with tho conceit to he given for the benefit of tho unemployed. But on Tuesday, Weduesday, Thursday, and Friday, meetings wouid be . held at tho Temperance-hull, beginning at 7.30, those people unable to be present punctually being invited to come late rather than not all Day meetings had bren arranged for 3 in the aftornoon on Wednesday, Thursday,, and Friday, at the Temperance-hall. Such a meeting aa that, said Mr, McNeill, disclosed ncpirit of interest in the community. Elae wherethe Church of huglaud hadtuken part in his mission meetings, notably in Dublin and at the Cape. Ile asked for the sympathy of all denominations and prayers for the singing as well tis tho preaching. With re- gard to finance, Mr. McNeill explained that ho und his friend did uot come to make a living, but if the committee had a credit balance after payiug all accounts, the surplus would go towards the expenses, necessarily heavy, of their trip round tho world. Anybody feeling the pinch of hurd times could pass the plate und drop a bless- ing into it, while those who hud plenty of money aud did not want to give- well, they could keep it. While Mr. McNeill showed tho possibility of upsetting the old adage by doing tluee thinga at once-sitting, singing, and nmking u collection-Mr. Burke contributed u sacied solo, the choir and organ taking up the refrain. 'Iheu Mr, McNeill commenced hia addrcaB, speak- ing for upwurdB of half an hour on the text, " I thought on my ways and turned my tcct to Thy testimonies ; 1 mude IiubIu und dolnyed not to keep Thy command, mente," Psalm cxix, 50 und CO. Mr. McNeill spoke with rugged eloquence, and maintained a hold over the attention of the conjugation while he dwelt strongly on the importance of people thiikiug more about themselves und their ways than paying bo much attention to other people a ad their doiugs. Hu is û typical Scot, and inter- sperses his remarks with Hashes of Interest- ing humour. Many of the churches hold tlieir evening service at au earlier hour to give their congregations an opportunity of attending the Kxhibition, which wat filled with a larger audience even than that of ths afternoon, although the weather wat, if any- thing, more unfavourable. Unemployed Benefit Concebt.- It it hardly necessary ta do more than remisd our readers of the benefit ooncert to be given in the Exhibition.building« this evening in aid of the unemployed to secure anotter large audience, for ull arc in sympathy with the splendid efforts being made for such a desirable object. The concert is under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lidy Gormanston, the members of the Government, Mayor and Corporation, Ministers' Association, Archbishop Murshy, and in fact the whole " Church and Stute." An excellent programme has been provided, and towards which somu of the best amateur and professional talent of the city contribute. Admission will be 1b. Tho work found by moana of the proceeds of the lust concert lisa been pretty wall completed, und fresh tajes of great distress huvu crnuped up ; therefore it la hoped, whutcver '.he weather muy be, that the concert will he well patronised. Mr. Parker, the general niuuuger of the Electric Tramwuy Co., has arruuged to run ppeciul trama before aud after the coucert for the convenience of those atteuding, ' A Country Visitoh.-A man named Ephraim Richardson, from Nugent, was accosted in Murray-street on , Saturday afternoon by three men w-i.o naked bim to ?pay for some drink. That he did, und aooii afterwards, it is allcgtd, two of them held him while the other took his silver watch valued at £3. He did not know the men, hut the police did, aud shoitly afterwards they were smartly arrested, with the rcault that tb«y will appear btfoie the Mayor tbit ?sorola«. City Pouch Court.,- Mr. .Tarleton, I'.MmOcoupii'iI tho liuhchal thia court oí» Saturday. Hcnriotta Atnistrono, for being drunk and disorderly, was Unod 5a. Krncsti Klliot, for using nlmcuno lnngnngo, waa" fired KM. Hil. Maruga», Smith, for riotouu behaviour, was fiuM|áOs. (j,]., w¡th t))e oiition of n month, /filio Marshall, a young girl, wao sent to gaol fur * lno"th on £ charge of vagrancy. A Social GATiihitiNti.-On Saturday ovrn ing tilt momhoi'j ol thu Northern and Southern tennis of footballers woro outer' turned at a anuial by tlie committed of thu Southern Association ni tharooms belonging to tho Australian Nutives' Association, Collins-street. Uudcr the'anio Biiperviaiun of Mrs. West thcoompinv waa liberally sup- plied with entable» and drinkables of good' quality, nnd tho hostess has the hearty thanks of all who were present. Mr, S. T. Tinning waa ohairmnn, and in opening tho proot edinga apologised for tho absonco of Mr. Frank Brant (chairman S.T.F.A), who had boon provontcd from attending through illness in his family. After some intro- ductory minarka ingrntiilatitin on ihcmanncr in which tho match that afturnoen had been played, the chairman proposed the health of tho Northern footballers, coupled with the names of their manugcra (Moasre. Dillon and Davis). Tho toast waa given with musical ' honoura. In replying, Mr. Dillon Bait] tho kindneiB ex'enrted to thu Northern player» it would ho his most phasing duty to report to his committee on his return to Launceston On all Bides thoy had' been h and .oin ely treated, oxsopt by tlie' S utlieru team, who had defeated them. (Laughtor.) Ho would bo pleased to seo many members of the S.T.F.A. committee present at the iclurn mutch at Launceston ia Auguat, when they would endeavour ia some- way to return thehospilalitynowahownthem. Aa ono of the manager« of tho Northern combination, he had much pleasure in slating' that the conduct of the "players had been most exemplary, and tint tho match lind'1 been played in a spirit.that was'bound te mike the game rogaiu ita popularity with* thu public. Mr. Davis alto replied. Mr. Mucdonald,M.ll.A.,p'Opcsedlhe"Soothem Association," and referred in high terms to* tho generosity of tlni, S.T.F.A. Mr. V. Milsom, secretary to tlio_ Southern Associa^ tion, who was received with ohtcrs, suitably? replied, Tho local -Association, he said,, wire de-irons oi further promoting the spirit of friendliness existing amongst plnycrB be- longing to tho North und South of the ialanéV and he hoped their meeting insocial hannon/ that evening would provo the inauguration of " many similar gathtrinca. Aa tho n.embciK of the Northern team had lo leave by tho train at 10 o'clock, the proceedings, which wero mott harmonioua and ontliuainttio throughout, closed at 0 30 with thu singing of "Auld lung syne." During tho evening tanga wore given by Messrs. Et io Hurgase, J. Sidebottom, G. Dansey, and G. Watt, and Mr. Bone gave a banjo solo. Miv Malcolm Johnstone prcaidod ut the piano,, and made an efficient accompanist. The arrangements wero well carried out by Mr, Secretary Milaom, and Mesara. W. S. Willing, W. Blnokburn, S. T. Tinning, W~ C. Eltlum, J. J. Wigiit.ll, C. A. Goddard; J. P. O'Buen, and other members. Died in a Fit.-A man named Edwin Brows or Cuthbertson had been ongaged in-' arranging the bands and at the Botanical Gardens ou Saturday afternoon, and shortly ' afterwards, when nour the entrance gates, ho fell suddenly into a fit. He waa discovered ' in an unconscious state by Mr. Byron, who resides lit the gardens, and was hurried off to the hospital, where he expired the same evening," Ho was u, man of about 40' yeara of nge, and very well-known in the city. No inquest will be held on the body, . aB the death was evidently from natural' cauHis. Handicap Siuotino Match.-A good1 day's sport with tho gun has been arranged' for Wednesday, tho 18th inst., at the Kingston Hotel, Brown's River, in tho shape of a handicap shooting match. Some, substuntial prizes ara advertised. Nomina- tions olote with Mr. C. E. Smith, at the hotel, on Wednesday week, the 11th ¡nat. Cheap Opium.-The Melbourne Cub tome. officiulB on Saturday seized 27 packages of opium at the house of Wing Lee, a Chinese residing in Littlo Buirke-atreet. The opium, which ia valued at £300, was imported a»' preserved uinger, and passed through the Customs at 2d. per lb. duty instead of 20s. per lb. Tho H.a. " Kiilkourn " nnd "Doric " brought uh a lurg« insnrtineiit,of Drug« mut sumirlos froim London. From KiirmiiglH. Wollemne & Co.,, Kt'plvrV K^iMiliiv Multi, tho new fluid Ksrciico> nf Malt : Thyroid Ginini Tabloide Jtliuid'aiUIK Tahlolit«, Hiu-i. tullin, and (Jiuwiirii, ditto; lirmsoMil, Hnaillne <3runtn,- Hu.«* -l'rom Vnriouit wthcr hoiixi'H, Montserrat Linie .lillee, in pint Twines, Munrcrlsnn'ii Roana, Sponged, Brushes . uni Comb«. Feoillng liotth'H, Killora, ICnnmnj',. ^Olliiienl Thiiniionielcm, ? Kkkciico of Wood" Violet, Quillen Mtilt«y, n delightful confoction, suitable for cliililren nml adult« : Aurilavca, Vlnolla Snap, Hint li Uriel;". Surgical Hiindngcs... etc. Telephone 12'). 11. T. Gould ic Co., 78. Kllxabiilh-oliocl. Hobart. 