PART II.—IHE ISLE OF GOLD. CHAPTER I.—The Waikanoota Rush. “ Here we are, lade. Down with the traps, and let's mark oat our claim 1" The speaker was one of a party of three men who had just arrived at Waikanoota Gully, a rock-bound valley lying about twenty miles eastward of Hokitika, the capital of Westland County, New Zealand. He and his companions were gold diggers, and only that morning had they thrown .up an old and unprofitable claim some miles away and joined in the rush to Waikanoota Gully, where, rumor said, that gold was to be scooped up in bucketsful. “ All right, Seph,” one of the first speaker's chums answered. “ Shall we un load the mule here ? What spot do you fancy,old man?” “Herb—right here, Granby,” the man addressed as Seph replied, as he ' glanced around him. “This is right in the centre of the guloh, and the alluvial will be at its thickest hereabouts, or else 1 know nothing of gold digging. Unload the mule, and in with the egs at once.” Seph’s comrades needed no urging to do the work which lay immediately before them. Daring the past few months fortune had not looked favorably upon their endeavors afters gold, and the prospect of a new, and pro bably rich, claim, had an inspiring influence upon eaoh member of the party at that moment. Besides, they knew that unless that particular spot was staked out forthwith some other crowd of wandering diggers might come up acd interfere with the ground selected. So they all set to work to unload the animal which bore their tools, tent and other belongings, and while they are so em ployed, a glance.may be taken of their sur roundings. Waikanoota Gully was a rook-bound valley half a hundred. yards wide, and about a mile and three quarters long. Thousands, of years before the stony gorge had been carved out by one or another of the Titan foroes of nature. Along the gulch ran a narrow stream cry8tally clear and icy cold, wbioh was fed in equal proportions by the frequent rains and thiok mists and the waters of the melting glaoiers which gathered eternally at the head of Mount Cook and. his brother mountains, and slid for ever at their foet. The aides of the gully were almost sheer 'walla of rock, which rose for hundreds of feet, ledge after ledge, like great stepB that had led to the summits of the snow-crowned giants whioh reared themselves in the oentre of the island. But the rooky sides of the wild and wierd looking glen were not barren. Whenever a foothold oould be found for vegetable life these'plants flourished, and the steep walls of .the gully presented a long stretch of the moat aharming and vivid green and delicate greys to the eye.. ........ Here and there in boundless profusion lovely tree ferns and darker leaved shrubs luxuriated, running up the sides of the preci piaea in long strips of vegetation until lost to view in the silvery mists whioh hung about the shoulders of the titanic hills. And here and there among the great masses of- green feathery foliage the totara pines lifted their tapering stems, draped with all mannerof fantastically-shaped festoons oi grey lichen, which contrasted prettily with the patches of black rock, the huge fern fronds, and scarlet blossoms of the rata which in places lit up the tangled growth of green with patches of intense color. At the head of the gully a thin thread of silvery water leaped downward to feed the rivulet and beat itself with a musical murmur into spray on the rocks below, and at other points along the valley little , cascades were tinkling down the lichen-covered walls. Three weeks before a couple of miners out prospecting had discovered gold in the first panful of dirt they had washed in Waikanoota Gully; and suheequent washings at different points had given equally fruitful results. ; Then the bloodstining news bad been soattered about, and the nub to Waiuanoota Gully .began; and in twenty-one days the quiet deserted guloh had been transformed into a small pandemonium, composed of men of almost overy nationality under the heavens, who.were thirsting after the precious yellow ~ By the time our three' friends reached the •pot the place appeared'like a small town or, perhaps a better phrase, would .be a large fair, for between a thousand and fifteen hundred men of all sorts and conditions had takfti, op their temporary, quarters in the ?S majority of these wanderers had housed themselves in. canvui touts or rough huts of timber,' and* fs wboutad ereotiou of light corrugated iron, while not a email number had nothing to shelter them save a shaggy well-worn and too often dirty blanket. MoBt of the miners who were then rough ing it at Waikanoota had to travel thither on foot and carry their belongings on their basks, generally wrapped up in the ever-present blanket. Diggers can exist under almost any conditions, provided that they have a good •tout rug in whioh to enwrap themselves at night when they take their well-won sleep in the open besides a fire, and a pannikin and “ billy” in which to boil tbeir tea. The men at Waikanoota were a rough and ready lot, but not more rough and resay than one could expect to find at such a place. They worked hard in the daytime seeking the anri fnrons ore, and if they found it in any con their ohuma good look in one or other of the drinking saloons. Three weeks had transformed the deserted guloh into a town, with traders' Btores, an hotel, a bank even, and whisky dens by the dozen. The finds of gold bad been rather ex .traordinary, and the boom bad attracted every miner with a bad claim who was within twenty miles. These men were still coming in by dozens, and in the course of a week or two every available inch of soil in Waikanoota Chilly wonld be Btaked out. By the time Seph Dennett, George Granby and their remaining chum, Ike Shellcombe, had staked out their claim and erected their conical house of canvas tho evening was ap proaching. The three chums bad just finished work, and were standing at the entrance to their tgnt. One of thorn, Ike Sbelloombe, was speaking. “ Well mates,” he remarked, with the nasal peculiarity of the true Yankee, “ I guess we’ve about finished that job, and that being so I vote that we liquor up. What do you say, Seph, old man ?" “ I was just thinking, Ike, of making a fire so that wo could havo a sope of tea,” was the “iv ever mind the fire," Granby broke in at this point, “ at least not yet, Dennett. It’s too early by a long way to tam out yet, and tea will keep. I’m of Shollcoraba’s way of thinking. Lot us go und have a drink. I suppose there must be quite a lot of fellows hero that wo know.” “ Well, I don’t mind,” Seph responded, and they all turned away from tho teat and mado their way towards the contro of the crowded settlement. The scene in the golly was of a lively and an interesting natnre. Half of the flat patch of alluvial land hemmed in by the e’iffs was already occupied and being rifled of its yellow treasures, and the remainder would be taken up in the course of a week, for fresh batches of diggers were constantly arriving in gangs of twos, threes, fours and half dozens. Here and there the red-shifted miners were standing about tbeir holes, some of them winding up buckets laden with gold - bearing dirt, others washing the last panful of gravel aad storing away the auriferous At the month of many claims a small flag of red bunting was flapping idly in tho even ing breeze, denoting that gold in payable quantities had been unearthed at those par ticular epots. In and abont the broken gronnd the new arrivals were threading their way. making eager inquiries of the workers. The tradesmen’s stores were lit up already, and doing a good business, and the saloons were drivings roaring tradein bad whiskey and other liquors, and English bottled ale and stout. “Here’s the place, I guesB,” said Ike Sbelloombe, and he and bis chums came upon a large structure of corrugated iron, over the large open doorway of which ran the legend M'Taggart's Fiist Class Hotel “ Come along toys, and let’s sample tho Britisher’s prison.” They went inside together and found a motley assemblage gathered about the long bar. They ordered drinks and stood chatting amongst themselves, glancing meanwhile hither and thither about the plaoe and making casual observations concerning the various diggers they knew in the crowd. Presently George Granby nudged each of his chums sharply in the ribs with his elbow, and said : “ Look over there at the farther end of the room. There’s that old ‘hatter’ again— Maori Dick, don’t yon call him 1 ” Seph’s eyes audthoseof Ike were turned in the direction Granby had indicated, and they recognised at once we notorious character to whom their obum had alluded. Maori Dick was a gaunt fellow of forty-five or fifty, ill-clad, unkempt and of a generally uninviting aspeot. To look at the wretched creature one wonld not have given a brass farthing for the man, either morally, physi cally or intellectnally. But Maori Dick was worth more than he appeared co be. When he spoke one conld detect in his speech and manner traces of a refinement and education which testified that he bad lived a higher life somewhere, and at some time not remotely distant. What the man’s real name was no one in the island could tell, nor where he hailed from originally, for when sober he could never be got to speak of either himself or his past; and when drank, which was often, he was not to be pumped by the most cunning digger in all J,'ew Zealand. For the past ten years the miserable fellow had been knocking about the various gold towns in Westland County, and he was familiar as the Eun to every old digger within forty miles. Once a week’Maori Dick would turn np in one or other of the noted raggings, and after having had a big and deep “ drank” wonld disappear fora handful of days, to be teen no more of men and the world until the drinking fit was upon him again. But tho strangest part of the bnsinesB wss this: Although no digger of oil the thou sands on the South Island had ever seen Dick handle either a pick, shovel or cradle, he was always flash of money when he frequented the common haunts of men. Where the 'man got his money from was a mystery to all, and not, a few. theories had been originated in order to explain the puzzlel Some believed that Maori Dick was a eeapegracs member of an aristocratic family in old England, and that his relatives paid him handsomely to keep away from home ; while others there were who averred that Dick was Bimply an idle digger who had made his pile years ago, and was now spend ing it after the fashion which appeared best to himself; and, again, not a few diggers hinted that the disreputable sot who threw his gold about'- so recklessly when “on the spree” had struck a rich hole somewhere and was working it seoretly. When questioned on the point Dick wonld tag with a dirty hand at the ragged sheaf of grizzled hair at his chin and emit a low, dry, oynical chuckle. Most frequently that , was his only answer, but occasionally he would remark, after asking bis interloontor to have a drink, that his pile was ssfe, and tbat he meant to “blue it* before he passed in his checkB.” Maori Dick w is already half drunk, and he was pressing everyone about , him to drain their cups and have another with him. Oar three friends only escaped his invitation be cause they were out of the field o this o Secured vision. • ■ ■ ’ • “ There is something about that fellow I oannot fathom for the very life of me,” George Granby muttered in a refleotivavway to his companions. ; “That iseo, boss,’ the Yankee drawled, in answer. “ I reckon, pard, that I can take’ the measure of most men, but Dick there I somehow can’t get a grip of.” ' “ One thing is certain abont him, Shell combe.” Granby . retained, in. a positive tone. ’ ’ “ And what may tbat be,', ole man f” Ike queried, as he filled his lank, hairless jaws with a mammoth ping of tobacco. “He’s - a .university man—a thousand pounds to a hayseed on that.He's of good birth, too, or I’m a Josser. Haven’t you notiood at times how well modulated his voice is, and how correct is his English P There’s a mystery about Maori Dick that I'd give a trifle to get to tn* bottom rf. What do yon •ay, 8eph?".,- *: ; ’ “ r* with yon there,” wssD;nnett’sready responsi}. • “That ctjapi has a story,like most | of ris T suppose, hnt wnat it is I esnnet even 'imagine. But I do know that.Eo’ Is i very . : ' ' ' ' generous fellow in spite of bis dirt, drink and beastliness in general.” “ How do yon reckon that up, Britisher ? asked the American. “I guess Dick's generosity rnns to a liquor as it does with the lot of ns.” “ Oh no,. Ike,!’ Seph remonstrated. “ Wait till I tell you what happened two or three years ago, when I first met Dick at Hokitika. He had been on one of his great sprees there when I first ran against him, and had painted the whole town red, as yon may readily suppose. Bnt his drank on that occasion had been a biggsr and more lengthy one than nanal, even with him. “ I was hanging round the place, doing nothing in particular, having just finished a good paying hole up Kahonaga way, where the gold had given out, and was waiting for the next rash. “ Being flush, I was taking things pretty easy, and while doing the rounds ot the whisky hells, Ioame across Diok there, and had not a few drinks with him. He’s an awfully good-natured fellow when in liquor, and he seemed to take to me somehow. At all events, he wanted me to go on the rampage with him, and offered to find all the rhino for the fun. “ Of conrse, I declined, for 1 wasn’t without a nice little heap of dust of my own at that time, and Maori Dick con tinued to paint the town crimson on his own. “ One day when his dost had run out and the bar-tenders of the various saloons were refusing to give him a boozo on tick, he met with an accident—got knocked ont in the street by a passing cart and had his leg broken. . “There the poor devil was stranded and helpless after running through forty or fifty pounds worth of dust in a dozen days or thereabouts. 1 found him lying, in a den where he had been carried, and with no one near who cared a tinker's* curse whether he retted to death or not.” “ And yon, Seph,’* Granby asked, as Dennett paused iu his recital to wet his whistle with a drop of whisky. “ What did you do?” “ What did I do ? What could I do ? I had tho wretched devil taken to the best hotel in all Hokitika and placed under proper mediual attendance ; and I gave the dootor to understand that I would pay for everything—in fact, I did pay in advance— and I told him to spare nothing.” “ And then, Seph ?” asked Granby, who had become interested in the story, “what happened afterwards ?” “I left the town in a hurry to join in some gold rush then on up Tanrangi way, end didn’t seo Dick until thirteen or fourteen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upside down with me, yon can bat. I and a "chum had been working like niggers for months in a God-forsaken hole at Taurangi and hadn’t found enough, gold in the cradles during a1.! that time to keep us with dry tommy. “And to make matters as infernally bad as they could be my old chum, Iloger Wolfendale, took tho fever and died. When I had buried him I was stone-broke both iu pocket and in Bpirit—hadn't a copper to onrse or bless myself with, and oredit fox neither a bite nor sap. “ I was just thinking of chucking digging there and then and for ever, and of begging my way to Otago, whore I might turn laborer at five hob a day, when who should I run against at the door of a saloon bnt Maori Dick. “Ho was on the ‘go,’ as usual, hut he was sober enough to recognise mo at once, and to grip me fast. It didn’t take me long to tell him how things stood with me, and before I knew what I was doing I was in side the place, and had the beet tho saloon oonld offer in the way of eatables and drink ables.’’ “ Good old hoss!” quoth tte Yankee, with a sparkle in his small eyes. “ There's grit in the heathen after all. I r.ckon 1 owe that old fellow a drink.” “ But that wasn’t all, Shellcombe,” Soph went on. Before we parted Dick dropped five and twenty quid into my hands, and when I wanted to talk about repayment or him wanting some of it he simply ran away and loft me. Since then I h&Te; met him many a time, and have offered him repay ment. Bnt I shall never do so wr&in.;” “How’s that, pard,” the Yankee de manded, somewhat sharply. “ Because I do not want to insult him,’ was Soph’s reply. “ Low a3 Maori Dick ap pears to have fallen, the heart of a man Brill beats in his breast, no matter how much he may try to hide the fact by making a beast of himself. The last time. I ventured to speak to him about the money he implored me with tears in his eyes—the first time I or anyone else ever saw him betray any sign of feeling—never again to offer him that crowning insult after what I bad done for him in Hokitika.” - “ I should like to shake the old vagabond by the hand!” Gramby burst forth. “ There’s better stuff in that old demoralised savage than all the gang he is treating there at the hat!” “I'm with yon there, pard,” drawled Ike, as he munched his mouthful of thiok twist. “ I guess I shall have to make Maori Dick’s acquaintance just for the sake of telling him that he’B a darned heap better than I used to think him.’’ “ Then you'll have a chance now, chums,” Dennett cried suddenly, 1 ‘ for Dick’s coming over here, I oan seo. He’s spotted me— here he comes.” So it was. The tall, gaunt, neglected looking fellow camo across the place at a gallop, and was wringing Ssph Dennett’s fist in his own era the others scarcely realised it. “ How are yon, Seph, my boy ?’’ the half tipsy vagrant oried loudly. “ All right, I can see. Yes, I’m on tho rampage again, and mean to -do the thing well on this especial ocossion. Maori Dick doesn’t count the cost when ho is ont for a holiday. Ate these. friends of yours, Seph? If they are I should like to feel their hands.” Seph presented his comrades iu an off-hand way, and the mysterious reveller continued, “Glad to meet you all, gentlemen—you. specially, Seph. I want to tell you something some day. Bnt that’s not the question now.. It’s my shout this time, so give your speoial poison a name.” The drinks were ordered and supplied, and as tfiey sipped them they engaged in con versation respecting the gully and its deni “ Been here long, gentlemen?’’ Miori Dick asked as he poised his tumbler of whisky and soda on high, and watched the sparkling effervescent babbles with the glance of a oonnoiaseor. “ We only joined the rush this after noon,” said Dennett. “ Hava you been here long?” “ Just a few days only, and I was thinking of moving; hut I shall stay a little longer how for the pleasure of your company. If . you gentlemen will only help me to melt tho dust you will confer an inestimable benefit npon yours faithfully. What do _-" \- Maori Dick’s speech was broken off abruptly, mud his face changed color with the. aniokness of a lightningfltsh. His attention had been arrested by the voices of some new arrivals, and at one of these, a dark-bearded, sturdily-formod man of titty, he stared as if a ghost or devil were confronting him. Then without a word he tamed, drained his glass to rite dregs, and tried to slip out of the saloon. Bnt he was not quick enough. Ere he reached the wide, gaping doorway a burly form dashed forward, and strong revengeful hands gripped him tightly. Maori Dick’s assailant was the dark-bearded stranger at whom he had stared with fear and amaze, and the man’s voioe was ringing huskily, passionately, savagely, through the saloon. “Yon damnable hound,” the stranger hissed-with his fingers at Diok’s throat. $« At last I have found you. Now I’ll wipe out your sin with yonr lifo. . Stir .a .foot if yon dare, and I'll put a bullet through your infernal carcase ” * . In a moment all was clamor and confusion. The diggers rushed in a crowd towards .the, straggling men, all agog with wonder as to the cause of the sodden enoonnter.. , . (TO BE COSTDTOKD.) - 