PARISIAN HEWS AND GOSSIP. PABIB. Oetnbpt* 4,. , .(.There is a grievous disappointment in . store for those of as who were counting on seeing the man in the moon brought within an apparent dis tance of one metre by the telescope, which it was announced, M. Deloncla intended to construct for the Exhibi tion of 1890. The celebrated astrono mer, M. Camille Elammarion, tells us that: the objective of' a telescope capable of doing what M, Deloncle proposes, would need to be 124 miles in diameter, and tb'e tube of tbs tele scope 2484 miles long.!: - Ths largest objective ever sonstructed measures 41 l-3in, but M; Flatrmarion thinks it is within the bounds df possibility that by 1900 some clever maker will be able to turn out a glass of five feet in diameter. Between five feet, how ever, and 124 miles, there is a margin. M. Elammarion • says > that, < 'on the whole, it would be easier to; go to the moon. M. Erancoie - Deloncle now declares that the rumor that he pro posed to .construct a teloseope, which would bring the- moon* within-' the apparent distance of one metre, has been studiously propogated by inte rested people, who wished to ' bring him into ridicule. Such an idiotic idea never for a moment entered his mind, ho says. What he does mean to do, however, is |o construct, if pos sible, an instrument for 1900, which shall open up the prospect of a real advance in astronomical knowledge. I dpenkltjg. • of ’CMioQy'-.k: mawoyjbelMk gladly would'have sent a couple of his fellow creatures to that luminary^ is de soi disaut Comte de Virelaive, who addressed a letter to M,. Turner, a jeweller in Paris, asking him to send a selection of his wares to a house in Yinceanes, as the writer, who suffered from locomotive ataxy, desired to give a present to his nephew. HI. Turner sent a quantity of jewels as instructed, after having consulted the police on the subject* The assistant was sccorar panied by two detectives, who waited outside while he entered the house. The door was opened by a footman, aod the visitor was introduced into a room in which was the Count, a man of venerable appearance, ensconced in an invalid’s wheel chair. The Compte chose jewels to the value of about £400, aod then wheeled himself into a neighboring room, whence he shortly returned with a thick pocket-book. Taking a banknote out of it, he rang - the bell, and when the footman ap peared, told him to get change for lOOOfr. Meanwhile, he himself,' pick ing up the jewels, said to the employe he would put them in a safe place, and, as proof of his good faith, left his pocket-book on the table while he went into the next room. He was no sooner there, naturally than bis limbs required all their pristine vigor, and be bolted. A few moments afterwards the two men were ignominoualy led back by the detectives. The pooket book was filled with “ flash ’’ notes. The Erench papers are devoting considerable attention to Stone House, the residence, near Buckingham, of the Comte de Paris, The Temps has sent a . special representative, who gives a long description of the grounds and apartments both of which are described as magnificent. One of the most interesting rooms in the bonse is the bedroom, which has. not been nsed since the Queen slept in it in 1845. The abhusl rent paid by the-Comte de Pm-a- kn Laiy tGolocu .U SOOO, ((mne«9 ' —not a large sum considering the size of the property and that the house is furnished. The 25,000,000f left to the Comte de Paris by the Duchesse de Galliera, formed the greater part of the fortune of the late prince. Of the 45,000,000 restored to the Orleans family after, the Franco German war, the Comte de Paris re ceived a small part only as the money had to be divided amongst 27 claim ants. The Duke of Orleans, it it believed, 'will have an immediate income of about £l^i,QQC| in addition to the princely - Chateau d’Eo, on the embellishment of which the Comte de Facie, prior to his exile, bad expended the sum of nearly a [quarter of a million (sterling, which was of course so much money thrown away. Since the family want to England the honse has been completely; shut up, and admittance is rigorously refused to all would-be visitors. *Tt is gratifying to note that the death of the Comte de Paris has produced aq almost unanimous display of smypathy on the part of the entire Erench press of all shades - of < political opinion. Erench political manners are certainly improving, and the victorious Bepublio can afford to be generous to ita adver saries, even if the Comte de Paris could seriously be regarded as a politi adversary. Becslled to France after the fall of the Empire, his political ‘ conduct was . marked by the greatest circumspection, and his subsequent exile was regarded by a large , minority of republicans as one of the gravest political blunders. In fact, tbe Comte, almost against bis will, was forced to take up the character of a Pretender, and to aerve as a rallying point for militant Eoyalists. Many ^Republicans imagine.that the cause of Monarchy will die with the Comte de Paris; but this is a great mistake, as the frequent resolutions and changes of the form of goverment in1 France during a century have made the balk of Erenchmeq in different to all fprips qf government, whatever they may be. As the Be public protects life and property,'and keeps Socialism and Badicalism at bay, its existence is assured; .but whenever it should fail in this elementary .duty, the . masses of Frenchmen will, soon show that they have really;no pre ference for one form-of Government more than another* -' Within the last few days a political ghost has reappeared Ion the seen# of public affairs—Scrutia de liate versus Scrutin-d’arrondissement. The Badi cals are naturally very angry at. their present enforced political effacament, and are oaBtiog about for the means of regaining their former preponderance. They think that if the; method of voting was altered, and department voting substituted Tor district voting —the system now. in force —they would make heavy gains at the polls. It is quite possible that they may be disappointed; but at any rate it it nob for the. Moderate Bepublicana-r-the party now in power to afford facilities to their political adversaries. by change ing the method of voting. The last experiment of district voting, in 1885, wag not a successful one, and turned against its inventors. From a theo retical point of yiew^. department voting is. the fairest mode of elect'ingi as it gives every locality iiihd' qyery opinion an opportunity of being repre sented in Farliaqaent. ' 1 