^Spooksi On the interesting subjectof Spooks we have received the following : ? Sir, — Referring to your leader comment- ?? ing upon my letter relative to certain ; mediums in your issue of the 23rd instant, T had written a somewhat lengthy reply, but have on second thoughts 'withheld it, lest it should prove a* further ' nuisance ' to the editor. Permit me merely to remark that the writer of that leader has, just as I anticipated, completelv 'exposed' his own ' second-hand knowledge and superficiality On these matters, anct placed ? himself in direct antagonism to the keenest and most critical scientific minds of the day, who acknowledge the reality, of the phenomena upon which is based the spirit hypothesis,' and who, as illustrated T-y the Psychical Research Societies . of England and America and committees of investi gation in Europe, axe earnestly in quiring into the acknowledged phenomena. He also quite misses the all important point that the prosecution and conviction of any amount oi 'mediums'!' does not in one iota disprove the existence of either medium ship or^the alleged facts. From my own standpoint of eight years' experimental and critical invesfcijjation m* these matters, I can very well afford to leave the writer in that complacent' serenity of assured know ledge of what is and what is not truth (begotten of his plentiful lack of knowledge on the subject) to the liberal judgment of those who are seeking to extend their in formation, and do not desire to; remain, in. old ruts. ? As the writer .£? 'that leader has co aptly and 'excellently' illustrated what he considers to bfethe ** cultivation of. the minor courtesies of life,' 3C need not ftirther refer to that point; and will conclude with one more 'tag 'from the latin grammar, Ne sutor. ultra crepidam: — Yours, &c;, Ai PBED G. Ed-VTAEDS. We again print with pleasure a let ter from the husband of the president of the Spiritualists' Association. This gentleman (Mr. A. G. Edwards) has 'written quite enough for our purpose, and we are obliged to him. He seems to think that lie has done well to s.pend eight years in 'experimental and critical in vestigation ' of. . the phenomena produced by mediums who, according to his own account, are persons pecu liarly liable to lapse into fraud. In his first letter he wrote!: ' He (Slade) was a genuine medium, but perhaps may have, like many anotbfer, stooped to fraud to supplement failing or exhausted powers,'. Our contention is that the proceedings of persons, -whom ffi»-iir x-wn admirers admit to have a peculiar inclination to fraud, are more worthy of the 'experi- mental and critical' investigation of the police .$ian of anybody else. Certainly to get at t^*- truth, of mani festations through detectives would be a more rational course than to try and achieve the same object by studying . the works of Home, a course which Mr. Edwards recommended in his first letter — «« If the writer wiil step out of his self-; sufficiency and read Home's life aud ?works.' Home 'was a scoundrel fully exposed in a ten days' suit before Sir G. M. GifEard in 1868. Sir G. M. Giffard denounced .Home's frauds and spirituajietic . 'tcicke ? in general. Mr. Edwards says of Home : . ' He may have been, prosecuted, 'ius most of the 'best mediums h&vej; '. he ; certainly was not exposed.' Mr. Edwards, ;who is so ready wiii. his . accu sations ,of Becond-hand know ledge and superficiality, was thus not even aware 'of such a notorious fact as the Home case. Mr. Edwards, who claims, to be, above all things, critical, and who has devoted, accord ing to his own account, eight years to critical investigation, said further of Home pi hia first letter : ' Home, the celebrated medium, never claimed to be able to float through the air.' In a postscript to the same letter, Mr. Edwards said: 'The ? levitation * of Home's body was proved, and is only one of the many absolutely attested marvellous cognate phenomena.' Surely there is here a curious contradiction, ? a confusion not to 'be expected from a scientific inves tigator. The writer of our leader does not at all miss the important point that the prosecution and conviction of ' any amount ' of mediums does not in one iota disprove the existence either of niediumship or the alleged facts.' We will set aside the ques tion as to whether what is merely «' alleged ' can be cprrectiy described as .fact, or whether it is necessary to disprove what is merely alleged, and w31 go to ' the root of., the matter. TaJfeef an example: If one were to hear of watches constantly disappearing, .and were to be told that those disappearances were by super natural agency, . but yet if, at the same time, every case in vestigated before an independent tribunal were to . turn out to be due to the action of pickpockets, not to the movements of ghosts, one would be wary of pickpockets and not ? bother about jghbijts. The, cases of spirits ,. appearing seems on all fours with the. supposititious one of watches disappearing, The most distinguised spirit raisers get ?on- «11 right as long 'as they have a sympathetic audience and a partially darkened room. When they are brought into the fierce light that beats upon a police court dock their demean our is craven (e. g., Slade), and their fate at. the hands of &u; unmes merised magistrate is 'three months with hard' under— it is painful to have to -?Mi& ^ the [. words— ? the Vagrant T Act Now for.*-Ne. sutor -ultra crepidajn,' a piece of latinity the knowledge of .which seems =to inspire Mr. - Alfred ©. Edwards with, ^peculiar pride. It may be roughly translated : ' Let people aaaind .their own business.' We do not know what Mrl Alfred Or. 'EdwaTds's business is. 'We know that 'the 'business of a newapaper is largely the ezpoBing of humbuga. If Mr. Alfred G. Edwards likes to write any more and make any further exhibition of himself our columns are tipeh to him. -'in January^ next the Premier or the Colonial 3teasft*er ot 'Sew Zealand will probably vislt.Samoa.' in connection wi^i ^fejfWpoaal to bring -thegroup jmder tin ' 