The Voice of the Drum, Hrmnem^0t ?°in° decl?.rea that he had a talent for drumming m every limb and in hia feet to a vfiHnn^T?0 Ifc waa oarly cultivated by a valiant French drummer, long quartered in the quaint town of Dusseldorf, who bad been with the emperor Napoleon m most of his campaigns. He bad as Heme declares, the face of a fiend and a heart like an angel's ; a small, mobile face, a fearful u'aer winch his red lips curved side ' eyea shot fiery glances on every Little fellow oa I was, I was forever chained to ihis side, helping him polish his buttons and chalk hiB white waistcoat— for M. Le Grand was not in different to pleasing the eye. I followed him to roll-call, and parade ; there was nothing but rattling of arms and fun. M. Le Grand spoke only a little broken German, but he could express himself perfectly on the I drum. For example, when I did not know what 1 the word liberty meant he beat the Marseillaise, 1 and I understood. In the same way he taught me the 6tory of the late events. It is true I could not follow the words ; but as he drummed away all the i time I knew what he meant to sav. You compre- ! hend the story of the storming of' the Bastille, the taking of the Tuileries, etc., if you know how the drums beat while it happened. Years afterward, while sitting on the bench in the Hofgaster and dreaming of tho past, I heard behind me the confused sound of voices, bewailing the fate of the poor Frenchmen who had been taken prisoners in the Russian War and sent to Sibera, and there detained for several years after peace was declared. Raising my eyes, I beheld these charity-children of France. Bare want stared through eveiy rent in their tattered uniforms ; deep, plaintive eyes looked from their wasted faces ; but sore, tired and mostly lame as they were, they had a sort of martial stride ; and strangely enough a drummer with his drum staggered at the head. With an inward shudder I thought of the tales of soldiers who, fallen in battle by day, rise from the field at night, and with the drum at their head march onward to their native land. And truly tbe poor French drummer looked as if he had risen, half-mouldering, from the grave. He dead, yellow face, with a great moustache hanging sadly over the shrivelled lips. His eyes were like burnt-out coals, with hardly a spark still living — yet by one of these sparks I recognised M. Le Grand, the old drummer I had known as a boy. He knew me, too, nnd drew me down upon the grass ; and there we sat, as we used to do in the old times when he taught me French and modern history on the drum. It was the same old drum ; and I could not but wonder how he had saved it from the greed of the Russians. He began to drum in his old way without speak ing a word. But though his lips were pressed sadly together, his eyes spoke all the more plainly, as they sparkled with triumph, while he drummed the old marches. The poplars nearby trembled as he rattled out ' March of the Red Guillotine.' As of old, he drummed the struggle for liberty, the battles, the deeds of the emperor ; and it seemed as if the drum were a living creature, rejoicing to utter its inward delight. Once more I heard the cannon's roar, the whistle of the bullets, the crash of battle ; I saw the Guards brave in death, I saw the waving flags, I saw the emperor on his horse. But a sad tone crept into the joyous notes, the drum- ben ta gave forth cries wherein the wildest triumph and the deepest woe were Btrangely mingled. It was a triumphal march and a dead march in one. Le Grande's eyes stared like a ghost's, and I saw in them a great white field of snow strewn with corpses. It was the Battle of Moscow. I would never have believed that the still old drum could give such melancholy cries as M. Le Grand now drew from it. It was like drumming tears, and they sounded lower and lower, and sighs came from Le Grande's bosom like sad echoes. He grew weaker and more ghost-like; his hands shook with cold ; he sat as in a dream, drumming in the air and listening as if to far-off voices. And then at last he turned on me a deep, deep, imploring look. I understand him. And then his head fell forward upon his drum. M. Le Grand never drummed again in this world nor did hiB drum ever give out another sound. Never should it serve an enemy of liberty to heat a slavish tattoo. I bad understood Le Grand's last imploring look ; I drew the dagger from my cane, and thrnst it through the head of the drum. 