The King of Hearts. BY OUTBA.M TXISTBAH, CHAPTER IV. A DARK SIGHT'S BUSINESS. A tramp croaching from the driving snow behind some rotten hurdles, crouching there from dawn, till night fell on the Loudou Road, saw all the actors in this drama pass before liim on their way down t» the Old Moat House in Kent—the long fiie of soldiers, a silent line moving mechanically through the grey morning light; Captain Foster, his head bent to the saddle-bow beneath the bitter blast, riding through deep drifts in front of Miss Hawley's chariot; the great state coach of His Grace the Duke of Cumberland lumbering by some hours aiterwards, the snow thick on the roof the postilions plying whip and spur ; finally, as eveniug fell, Mr Barsac and Mr Browne riding furiously, their capes streaming in the wind, their horses' sides red from the rowels, a pair of as wild horsemen as a solitary roadside watcher ever looked upon. The tramp crouching by the side of the London Road saw all these figures pass by bin) in the order named in the course of a short winter's day. But he did not heed them—did not connect them in any way with each-other. Wby should he! He had other things to think of ; how to keep himself warm for one. What to him were possible dramas in rich people's lives ? Nothing. He just wondered -where the soldiers were going to so early, thought tha the last two horsemen seemed hurried, and that is all he thought about the matter. He coiled himself round two or three times like a dog, and fell asleep. And yet few travellers have passed on one road to the one goal, to issues big with impending fate, more fury-haunted, more possessed. Behind the charioteer of Miss Hawley's carriage in particular dark care sat perched. Since her fainting-fit the night before on the step of Mrs Cornely's, Miss Hawley had scarcely opened her lips. A cold terror possessed this girl; she shuddered at the thought that a weak woman's agitation might have betrayed vital hopes. A prey in one moment to a hundred fears, and bitter self-reproaches, silence was her sole solace. By her silence she could at least do no further harm. She sat so still all through the long journey into Kent—lying back in: the corner of the carriage, closely wrapped in her furs, that her maid, a lynx-eyed, demure deceiver, who sat opposite, more than once thought that her mistress must have fainted, she lay back in the corner there so deadly still. Yes, deadly still, but with her heart beating wildly for the Stranger of Romance, for the presence who had inspired her with an ideal pasBsion—a passion born and fed only by a picture^—who for years she had knolm and worshipped only through a picture, who through a picture had recognised her in an instant, had suddenly shone out of a sordid London crowd, like some splendid knight-errant of the past, shielded her from a mob's brutal fury, clasped her passionately in his arms! And she—she had betrayed him like some nervous schoolgirl! The thought maddened her. He might now be, at the very moment, as she was sitting .there in her comfort, and her luxury, a friendless captive in the hands of implacable enemies. Ah, no! the very thought was too cruel for heaven to permit it. A girl's prayers miiBt go for something —such abominations could not be. No doubt, in spite of her vile, criminal weakness, the .object of her adoration had passed wiihcut notice—had left England, had Mies Hawley closed her eyeB, half comforted. " Law, miss, look; there's a soldier." These words were spoken in vulgar tones by J Miss Hawley's maid, but no doom thundered by Sybil ever fell more fatally on hearer's ears. Miss Hawley rose from her oeat as if electrified, and looked out. . Yea, . sure enough, there stood one ofthe redcoats, whom Jacobite instincts had led this young lady to look upon as, accursed, smoking his pipe quietly in front of a tavern-door. The carriage waB at this moment passing through a village within a mile of the Moat Hofise. Miss Hawley pulled the check-staring for the coachman to stop. A servant alighted from the box, >and asked if Miss wanted anything. "Go into that house," said Miss Hawley, "-end ask a soldier yon will find inside what he is doing.there." The man departed, after staring a little. Presently he returned and said— "There is no soldier there, miss." '' Where is Captain Foster ? Tell Captain Foster I want to speak to him." But Captain Foster had ridden on to the Moat House to advertise their arrival. Misa Hawley was now deadly pale. "Open the door,", she said calmly, "I wish to get out." The man muttered something about, the snow being deep, and the maid begged her mistress not to catch her death, of cold. Before they had either of thetrf time, however, to take any further prohibitory measures, their mistress had leapt from the carriage, hurried through the deep, snow, and presented herself suddenly in the midst of a circle of boors, who sat drinking and smoking in the tap-room of thepublic house. She stood there for a moment so breathless with ber excitement and the suddenness of the action that she was unable to speak.-' She looked like some white apparition suddenly fallen, upon this circle of sin. The circle of sin, having recovered themselves, recognised her, and rose bowing. 41 Why do you "tell my servant that there is no soldier here ?"' she said. The circle of sin with one accord said again that there wag.no soldier there. Mias- Hawley stamped her foot; it was a characteristic action of hers. "How can you tell such wicked stories ?" she said. "I saw the man enter the door with my own eyes." The circle of sin with one "accord said again that there was no soldier there. Miss Hawley now asked for the landlord. She was told he was out. She then asked for his daughter.: She was told that -the daughter was out too. Then Miss Hawley, addressing one of the circle of sin by hiB 'name, Joe Hobbs, . asked how he dared to treat her in this disgraceful manner. And Joe Hohbs, for all reply, begged his humble duly. : Said he meant no offence—didn't know how he offended. There was no soldier in the house. Apd then deep quiet fell upon these elders. Miss Hawley darted a glance of violent Indignation at the assembly .of silence, left the room, and went back to her carriage, and gave the order, " Home." As the sound of the departing wheels died away, each elder put a pipe into his mouth, and a soldier fully accoutred stepped out of a cupboard. ' Vheman wiped .his forehead, said that he had had a narrow squeak, swore the elders to secrecy, and having armed hiihself with a bottle of brandy, rejoined his companions, whowerereBtinginafeequestered barn. MiBg Hawley's heart meanwhile burned withiu hfer,: • What was this/wretch of a redcoat ^loing within a mile of her father's house ? Why b&d; the man disappeared so suddenly ?. Ah; he was afraid of being . ceen.^ There was some secret trap prepared -•for somebody. The man had no doubt joined -hidden .companions.Treachery was in.;£he»ir.i Treacheryjagainst whom ? Mu9;iBawley felt chilled—wild fears passed tumultuoualy through her brain. Framtiy Jhe *toppiiig of the coabh told her .that fife f*tt$tjl>ome.Now she would have: "lecto w levranted. Irijg Captain foa tor's hand, not i^Bnung to recognise the m |iiS'1tye«, or-rthe hand- staircase, along a gloomy congdor, locked herself feverishly into her room. It was a long, love, narrow room this. Qaaint tables, high-backed chairs, a small canopied bed in one corner showed ghost-like in the flickering firelight. A window overlooked the moat. In the gloom of the winter's evening which had closed in, the moat looked mysterious, wicked, deadly. The girl let her eyeBrest on it for a minute, then drew the curtains close with a shudder. With trembling hands she unlocked her '. jewel-case and drew out a richly-chased • casket. She kissed the case passionately, ; and then opened it with a cry of delight, and gazed rapt at a beautiful miniature handj somcly set in diamonds. Theminiaturerepre- ; sented the hero of the episode outside Mrs : Cornely's, the distinguished stranger whom 1 Mr Barsac had described as Browne, and as it represented Mr Browne in the full costume Df a Highland chieftain, wearing hiB own •-«•»-• - ' 1 — - L U fair hair falling in rich curls to the - shoulders, it showed a resemblance nothing short of striking between him and Captain Foster. Then Miss Hawley fell upon her knees and prayed. She prayed long, wildly, for the sake of the man whose portrait she held to her heart—that safety which some strange, vivid woman's instinct, throbbing within her, told her she had endangered. She prayed that he might escape out of his enemy's hands, out of the hands of the wicked, bloodthirsty wretches who had hunted him down in times past (and here Miss Hawley, with a shudder, put a little prayer for forgiveness for her father), out of the hands of the wicked, who still panted for that precious blood. And as she prayed, Mr Barsac and. the subject of her prayer, riding wildly through deep snowdrifts, drew nearer and nearer on the London Road, and a magnificent travelling-coach drawn by four horses entered the avenue leading down to the house ; and after the magnificent coach, and unseen, by its occupant, came, marching silently into the avenue, half a regiment of soldiers. They spread out right and left of the road ;. -they lined the wood on each side; they drew a thin, red, crnel line round the Moat House itself, and, lying hidden, waited. And still the girl, kneeling in the gloom of the dimly-lighted room, prayed passionately, in an ecstasy of rapt self- abandonment, in a blessed unconsciousness of the fatalities that were mustering out there in" the wild night—prayed the same burning, simple prayers over and over again—prayed with a faith that should have moved mountains, that the stranger might escape. out of the hands .of the Wicked who panted for his blood. Suddenly, as if in answer to this prayer, confused noises interrupted it. Carriagewheels grinding over loose stones, the opening wide of creaking' Soors, orders shouted, hurrying steps, the many-voiced hubbub which heralds the advent of a distinguished guest; and then, after a silence, a heavy, solitary tread on a stone floor—a tread which had something pitiless in it. It was the Duke of Cumberland. An honr afterwards the large bell of the Moat House ringing for dinner fell upon the ears of two travellers, as they rode fiercely up to the door of the small village inn. The first of these two men called loudly for the ostler, the other sat motionless in Ms saddle, sombre, his hat pulled over his brows, his head sunk upon his chest; he looked spectirelike seen thus, through the steam rising from his heaving hone. The first of these men, who was Mr Barsac, dismounted, and gave his horse to the ostler. " We are for the'Moat House," he said ^ " we leave our horses here." JheirBai said that they were wise'hot to risk a rule down a-frozen precipice in pitch darkaeBs. He then approaehea the other's horse and laid hold of the rein. But the rider j speaking thickly, told him with a curse to stand oft "Why, Mr Browne," said Mr Barsac, "we dismount here, if it please you.. The descent to the Moat .Souse is so steep, the road so slippery, the night so- dark." " That I purpose riding back to London." With one of those curiously alert movements of his, Mr Barsac .caught the bridle of the speaker's horse just as his rider turned mm suddenly to cany out this resolve. * " Sir," he said, speaking nervously and rapidly " 'tis impossible for me to believe from what X have seen of you that' you can really meditate such an act of discourtesy." " Discourtesy, sir! And in what, pray, does the discourtesy lie ? I amnot expected at your Moat House." "No, sir; but you have prevailed upon me to introduce you as an uninvited visitor. Yoa have caused me a long ride - in bitter weather. I have_ performed my part faithfully at probable injury to my health. 'Tis not agreeable to see such labour wasted.for a whim, if you will excuse the. speech." And Mr Barsac bowed his reproachful courtesy. ^founded self-esteem was in his tones; but he kept a feverish grip of the stranger^ bridle. The .stranger seemed touched: - . . ; '^WhimB govern me, sir," he said, and he laughed it little wildly; then threw .himself off- his horse rather than dismounted. "Show me where the lady lives, sir." . ^ If the gentleman means Miss Hawley," began the ostler. Mr -Browne 'gave' a great start. Hawley 1" he exclaimed, turning pale. "Orley, Orley," said Mr Barsac, with a soft impetuosity. "These rustics never spare themselves an -H." And then he turned and withered the ostler with a look. This look of Mr Barsac's was simply devilish. "Orley," said Mr* Browne. " Orley ! Hawley 1 God! what an extraordinary thingi" Then thickly to the ostler retiring .with'the two horses, "Ho ! there, you, sir ! "Send me put some brandy, d'ye hear ? Pah ! —the very name's mention makes me, as it were, faint." "Ah, unpleasant recollection associated with it, cor ?" said Mr Barsac. "An infernal one, sir. Where is this brandy?" It came in a moment or two; brought in by a strapping, rosy-cheeked barmaid, who eyed Mr Browne admiringly, . and asked whether he would not take it inBide, out of the cold. Mr Browne, with great gallantry, touched the girl under the chin and said, " No, thanks, pretty one." Then he took a good draught* and gave the girl-a crown to buy herself spme ribbons with. " I feel better, sir," he said to Mr Barsac, who had watched this interlude with smiling face. Shall we proceed 2" " At your pleasure. Thank you, • no brandy. I will just borrow a lantern from the people of the house here, and then we shall be quite prepared.'' After a minute or two, Mr Barsac returned, carrying a large lantern in his hand. This lantern was not acquired by Mr Barsac for the purpose, of showing a road which he -knew_ perfectly; but for the purpose of showing Mr Browne perfectly to his captors, who did not know him. The two men passed away together into the night, Mr Barsac walking quite close to Mr Browne, whose movements were a trifle unsteady, pressed him to put his arm in his, and trust entirely to his guidance; but the stranger refused this proffer irritably; explained that he was a mountaineer; that, compared with his past experiences, the road showed no difficulty. So they walked on through the deep snow side by side. In the middle of an abrupt descent Mr Baraac. paused. He pointed with a hand which trembled slightly to an entrance gate on the lett; This gate was the mouth of the trap. 'The woods beyond it swarmed with soldiers. , \- ««This is our way, sir." Mr Barsac's .voice trembled like 'his hand as he spoke. " And as our' way runs now through deep woodlands, it is well that I am come prepared." 4 strangely out-el-the.way glw^ surely, that you are leading me to," said Mr Browne. "It is an out-of-the-way place," said Mr Barsac. He laughed unpleasantly, and led the way into the wood, preceding Mr Browne, and throwing the light of his lantern neither on the right nor the -left, but very carefully straight on to the road in front of him. The track-plunged down now, almost precipitously, through dense coverts, which had been allowed for 'years to run riot— gnarled boughs of oaks twisted themselves overhead—the darkness was impenetrable. Mr Barsac, walking cautiously in front of his victim, seemed to fed the hot breath of the ambuscade strike hft face on either side. Arrived at a certain bend in the road, in the very dehBdst part of the plantation, Mr Barsac snddenly turned, and flushed his lantern full on Mr Browne's face. " Take care here, sir," he said, " or you Will fall." The action was instantaneous. But in that instant the eyes of the ambuscade devoured their victim. Fifty soldiers-lying on each side of the path saw this man's face revealed to them with an instantaneous vividness with which they had never seen face revealed before. The dark curls, the handsome voluptuous features, the melancholy expression, the pose of the head flared suddenly upon them—a light out of darkness. There could be no mistake in the future on the part of these men. For the identity was unmistakable. It was an eternal photograph. The gate at the top of the wood, which Mr. Barsac and Mr Browne had left open, clanged behind them. Mr Barsac turned his lantern from Mr Browne's face, directed it to the path in front of him; once more recommenced the descent. Suddenly he felt the cold muzzle of a pistol pressed against the nape of his neck. He was seized in a grasp of iron, and a voice said quietly ip his ear;— Tell me why you flashed that lantern on my face, sir, or I will Mow your brains out." 'The cruel fear of death seized Mr Barsac —for a moment paralysed tongue, limbs, brain itself. He lived a whole life in an instant. Then in the very jaws of destruction his instantaneous insight into the situation returned to him. In a moment saw what was to be done. He feigned a slip, fell upon the lantern, extinguished it, broke it to atoms. " Now he will not be able to see them," he said to himself. As the very words were on his lips, and as if to give them the lie, the moon burst through the clonds. *It flooded every cranny of the wood with mystic radiant light. It revealed the old Moat House lying immediately at their feet, with such surprisinj vividness that Mr Browne's eyes remainei fastened on it, as if it had risen from the ground an enchanted palace. It revealed also a redcoat half-hidden behind an oak tree. It was but for an instant that this burst of moonlight fell; then all was darkness again. . There was a moment's silence. Mr Barsac rose from the ground. He thought the stranger had not seen. " You are mad, sir, surely," he said. And the voice of Mr Browne made answer in the darkness in tones more melancholy, more fateful than Mr Barsac had ever noticed in it before. " Lead on, sir . . . Lead on!" There were four people seated, at this moment, round the dinner-table in the great 'frail of the Moat House. Two these, Captain Foster and] Miss Hawley, sat silent, eating little, drinking nothing, eyeing each other now and again furtively, palpably oppressed. Captain Foster seemed especially under the influence of some disturbing secret. At the slightest sound outside he started, looked at the window, looked at the door, then looked at Miss Hawley. There was misery in this look. There was also pity in it. At the third or fourth start of this kind which the Captain niade, the other two diners noticed his agnation. - " Hang it, sir, sit '-still, will you Baid one of them, a lean, wolfish-looking old Ira", who sat at the head of the table. " Gad, the boy starts as if he expected a dun," said the other, a burly, butcherlylooking gentleman, who sat under a sort of canopy of state .at the other. The .first of these speakers wis General Henry Hawley, who had commanded under the Dokeof Cumberland at Culloden. The second was the Duke of Cumberland himself. General Hawley was a man of about fifty.. But he was bent in" the back, grizzled. His gaunt face, long almost as a wolfs, was drawn a little down on one side. It was a mask merely — lined with , age and pain, already half paralysed. This man who, in earlier days, had ordered his victims to be hung up in front of his parlor windows to help him digest his breakfast, seemed to feel in his lonely retirement the aid of some such digestive. General Hawley's food had long ceased to nourish him. He was a living skeleton, who lived on liquids.. For months no solid food hiwl.passed-his lips.. To-night, however, in honor of his distinguished visitor, he made from time to time a ghastly, pretence at eating. This attempted gourmandise was horrible. _ General Hawley's distinguished visitor, though he was at this time but forty-one years of age, Buffered like General Hawley himself from a premature decrepitude—but years of excess had branded him in a different way. A deplorable obesity weighed him down. Backed with gout, his swollen bloated face, his huge, unwieldy form, his blood-shot eyes, were signs enough that he preferred \the torments of disease to the ted'um of regular, diet. Always an intemperate liver, the Duke ,of Cumberland had to-night eaten and drunken beyond even his ordinary fill. He leaned heavily back in his arm-chair, breathing stertorously. The hues of apoplexy appeared upon- his brow, but his blood-shot eyes remained still fixed on the bottle. Miss Hawley* sitting like a wood nymph between a lean and a bloated satyr, had several times risen to leave the table (it was evident that an orgie was about to set in), but each time her father, rousing - himself from his gorged reverie, had told her to sit down. Suddenly there was a loud knock at the outer door; There was something ominous in thiB knock. Captain Foster started. He intercepted a look of inquiry from Miss Hawley, who turned pale. The Duke of Cumberland raised his black eyes slowly from the bottle. " A visitor, Hawley," he said. " No doubt the one the Captain has been expecting." "No visitor enters the Moat House tonight," said General Hawley. His daughter now interposed. "Think, sir," she said, "this may be some poor traveller who has lost himself in the snow." " Then the poor traveller~may rot in the snow, miss." The Duke of Cumberland, still supine under the canopifed chair, emitted an amused gurgle. The brutality tickled him—reminded him of better days. While he was still gurgling, a servant entered with a letter. He gave this to General Hawley, with a grovelling subservience which this master exacted from his household. The General first glancfcd at the signature. This seen, he read the letter attentively. Then sat up in Ins chair a&d; read it again. It evidently surprised him. The letter ran thus:—" My General Hawley, I am here on State afiairs this night, with one who little knows into whose house hfe is coming, or that he is my prisoner. To prevent unnecessary violence, be pleased to suppress your famous name, as also thfct of your distinguished guest.—Yours to command, BARSAC." General Hawley folded the letter* " Mr Barsac is without on State bttuaess," itt said, Miss Hawley gave a great start: she gasped, " State business !" Her father looked at her keenly. " Yes, miss, State business — and therefore no busiuess of yours." Then, turning to the Duke, " If it please your Highness, we will see this Barsac. He is a known and trusted agent, and he brings a stranger with him." Miss Hawley rose at the word " stranger," as if she had been shot. All her unformed fears of the last twelve hours stirred into sudden life. She made a sudden motion to leave the room. ' Sit down, miss," said the General. Then the -girl obeyed the order: General Hawley once more turned to his guest—" Is it your Highness's pleasure that we have this fellow in ?" he asked. His Highness gave his permission by a nod and a grunt. At the same time, he desired that ceremony might be sent to the deuce, and reached out a gouty hand for the bottle. " Show Mr Barsac and the stranger in," said the General. The servant departed. There was a pause—broken only by the urgling sound of wine rushing down a Loyal throat,- the servant's quick tread across the -courtyard, the nnbarring of the outer door. During this pause, which iseemed to her to last hours, Miss Hawley kept her eyes fixed on Captain Foster's face. She saw her lover change colour—grow as white as .a sheet—for the first "time that night, pour out a bumper with a trembling hand and drink desperately. "Captain Foster," she said, looking at him as if she would read his very soul, " you know this stranger, I think." "So do .Von, madame," cried Captain Foster, throwing his .glass on the table and starting from his chair.. " What!" cried the General, turning a terrible look on his daughter, as she stood transfixed with terror, holding her hands on her heart. " What! I " , " Hush!" Baid the Duke of Cumberland, with something of an aroused interest. "Your stranger is Jhere.','. And slow footsteps sounded on the stone hall. She knew them in an instant—in one wild moment divined what was coming—sounded the whole horror of the situation to its very depths. This-girl lived a; whole lifetime in this tremendous interval. . But at the close of it she had made up her mind' what she she would do. There should be no recognition this time. A second after she was face to face with him again. He came from behind a high screen, which had" been 'placed. against the door, paused gracefully, made a slight inclination to the people seated at the table, He was very pale, his dress was in disarray, his crumpled linen still bore the signs of Mr Barsac's late despairing clutch, but he looked the chivalrous gentleman that he . was, standing there, as motionless as a picture, with Mr Barsac's evil face peering over his shoulder. "I have loBt my way, I fear, sir," he said, in his low melancholy voice, "and intrude where I have no business. This .gentleman, however, who rides with me, tells me that he is known to you, and has prevailed upon me to throw myself on your hospitality for a night's shelter." He locked at the Duke of Cumberland as he spoke, supposing him, from his seat under the canopy, to be the master ofthe house. The Duke, after eyeing him indifferently, pointed to General Hawley. " You are welcome, sir," said the General, "Will it please you to sit down. My daughter — Captain Foster. You are acquainted with both already ? " "No, sir," said thestranger. He-sat down by Miss Hawley's side with such an easy, unembarrassed air, that Mr Barsac even, still standing at the back, an amused spectator of the scene, eyed him with amazement, almost with admiration. It would have been impossible for any one to have supposed for a minute that the. two had ever met, iand seen each other,befo-jp. But it would not have been so impossible had Mr .Barsac been gifted with, secondsight,'had he'been able to see, to fed the wild jjhand-«lafep> > eloquent) of sympathy, caution, love, despair, With whiCh the pale, unmoved girl greeted Mr Browne under the table. Gestures are some times eloquent. This hand-clasp told Mr Browne all. A charming smile played on his lips. . He bowedhis head slightly, in mute recognition,, then looked up and saw General Hawley's filmy eyes fixed ion him—fixed upon him uncertainly—in a curious prolonged stare. " You were fortunate, Mr Browne," said he, seating himself j " in riding with one so well acquainted as is Mr Barsac with these inhospitable parte. Without Mr.Barsac's guidance you would hardly have found shelter." "Hardly, sir, I believe. But I do not see the gentleman. He has not left us, surely?" " For a moment, sir. Mr Barsac has some slight preparations to attend to." The stranger looked up suddenly, and intercepted a glance full of meaning between General Hawley and- the portly person still lounging back under the canopied chair on hiB right hand. "I*think I still lack the honor of an introduction to this gentleman," he said. "Content yourself, sir," said General Hawley. " The honour will be yours in time. For the-moment the gentleman prefers to remain incognito" Mr Browne coloured high. In spite of another wild, hidden pressure . of Miss Hawley's hand he eyed both his host and the gentleman who preferred to remain incognito keenly. This glanceffras returned by both gentlemen with interest. At this moment a servant brought in some dinner on a .tray for the newly arrived guest, and a large flagon .of old Nantes brandy. Mr Browne's attention was instantly distracted. He attacked the victuals fiercely. The two elderly gentlemen passed the brandy bottle between them —with equal gusto took long fiery draughts. Captain Foster aldhe sat silent, brooding on the opposite side of the table with his face covered with his hands. There was a silence. ~ When Mr Browne had finished his meal, he pointed to this despondent figure. " Captain Foster does not drink," he said. "No, sir," said Captain Foster, not looking up. "Then with your permission." And Mr Browne took a great draught of brandy. 'Miss Hawley rose. " Sit down," said her father. " Where are you going?" She said that if she might be excused for a moment she needed her smelling-Balts. They were in her room. This In reply to Captain Foster, who offered with no great alacrity to get them. She left the great hall by a small door in the corner, which opened immediately on to the staircase. She leaned heavily .against this staircase for a moment, clutching the balustrade fiercely, afraid that she was going to faint. Then, when after a great effort she had regained possession of herself, she went fleetly upstairs, crept through her darkened room, and, shrouding herself behind the curtain of the window, looked out. She saw Mr Barsac in earnest conversation with a soldier on the bridge over the moat. There were two bridges over the moat, besides this one immediately below Miss Hawley's bedroom window. The girl visited the two rooms, one of them the Duke of Cumberland's, which overlooked these two bridges;'on each bridge she saw the same chilling sight—a soldier silently on guard. The MoSCt House was surrounded. Miss Hawley bathed her forehead with scent; then she went down again thoughtfully, quietly, to the great hall. For a moment she) paused at the door, listening. Loud voices were raised; bursts of thick laughter breaking upon these, proclaimed the nature of this interior. Miss Hawley braced her nerves for a chilling sight, and entered. It was veil for her* steel-toartecl as she was, that she had braced her nerves. The sight was indeed chilling. The Duke of Cumberland had risen from his canopied chair. Maddened with final draughts of brandy, following potations already deep, his brain had turned. Resting his huge bulk heavily on the table, he addressed an imaginary assembly. In hoarse, ; thick accents he recounted the glories of Culloden — the brutal massacres which, , directed by himself and his gallant friend 1 opposite, had followed hard on that dire ^ day ; and his gallant friend opposite bowed ; his livid, ghastly face repeatedly on to the ; very table, in mute approbation of each j sickening scene. Between them sat Mr Browne, his hand clenched round his glass, his deadly pale features writhing fiercely at each red recollection. Opposite to him Captain Foster stared aghast. Standing there, a silent, horror-stricken spectator, Miss Hawley remained unrecsgnised. In vain she tried to attract Mr Browne's attention—to motion caution, self-command, anything that frantic gestures of a girl already half distraught could impress on a man in deadly danger. Carried away with rising excitement, his pale lips mechanically repeating phrases of the deadly tale, Mr Browne sat there heedless of her presence, like some wounded lion crouched for the avengingspring. At last the climax came. With a sudden change from mad vemon to drunken jocularity, the hero of the day described bis recipe for suppressing revolts. He painted the roads from Inverness to Fort Augustus on the morning after the battle. Castles, uses, ho hutB in flames! A whole, country ravaged with fire and sword! Men hunted and|8hot down on the mountains like wild beasts I Women violated, after having been forced spectators of their husbands' executions I Whole families shut in barns and burnt to ashes I It was a saturnalia of slaughter, told by a madman. And the stranger—-Mr Browne—what of him? Repeating phrase afterhorriblephrase louder and-louder, till his voice swelled above the reciter's, the man's long pent-up rage found sudden, furious vent. He saw nothing of the hall of the Moat House, nothing of Miss Hawley's imploringgestnres, nothing of the present peril which hemmed him on all sides—nothing of all these—only in one wild vision the bleak Scotch hillsides sown with his slaughtered friends, the blazing villages—a whole country desolated for his sake—and the guilty two ! He dashed the glass which he held clutched iu his hand with such violence on to the floor that it flew into a thousand fragments. He reared himself to his full height—his voice rang out like a trumpet summoning the guilty to judgment. "Murderers," he cried, "I know you now! By your works—at which a whole world has shuddered—by your works I know you! Outragers of humanity I Twin fiends of Hell! I know you, Bloody Hawley 1 and you, Butcher of Calloden ! " (To be Continued.") 