THE BENDIGO ELECTIONS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT. SHAM PAIN. Septe mher 14 8m,— New that the elections arc in full swing, I have become more and more ims pressed with the necessity of adding my opinions to those that. arc so commonly expressed every day in your paper from too different' candidates. I don’t, say for a moment that my opinions arc of much use either way, but as I claim to., lie a goodcitizen, and as there seems to ..bo a strong probability, that my man,: tbnt is Mr Lazarus, is going to bo dofeatodj t arn taking ibo liberty of giving bis most intimate: friends ,.iui<L~aapjporter8v some advice wm I hope for their own good they will nbt foil to carry out to the very letter. Bat first of all, Sir, I went, to know why Mr Fetor. Phillips is not a candidate nt this election. Ho has spoken splendidly of late and on more occasions than one in the “Fat Man’s” interests. But.contrary to my advice, which I look upon as a great insult, poor Peter has been quite overlooked this . time. Dan Lazarus isn’t a bad fellow for sbmo things, you can’t boat, him for giving a real good feed and supplying the best of wines. But these things although good in themselves, do not fill tbo whole bill. Of course, it is essential that wo “Fat Mon” should ho well filled. 'But as there are so few of us who can legitimately support him on that account something else is required in.order to caitoh the multitude. Mr. Lazarus spoke very well, however, for tbo bulk of his speech, and I was greatly. pleased to. see him own up that ho stuck to tho Patterson Government, because I recognise that that Government' is doing its very utmost to protect us from those stupid notions about “one man one vote,” and altering the taxation so that it will fall on our shoulders instead of the poor man’s. 1 do hate that cry about the taxation worst of ail. The poor men have got to pay the taxes, they say. Of coarse they have. And quite right too, say I. This, tax on unimproved land values'will make us (the “Fat Mon”) pay. Therefore, Lazarus is quite right to oppose it. I like film for that; anyhow. He also did a first class job when ho thundered, oiit that bo was opposed to the wholesale dismissal of the civil servants, especially of the poorly paid ones. That’s tbo sort of talk 1 like. They’ll swallow it in buoketsful, and very few of them will think that while be talks this way that ho is really acting exactly the opposite by supporting Patterson, Hasn’t Patterson done splendidly by cut ting down those, lower grades of tbo civil and railway service. A Vo fellows ought to be thankful to him for that. Because if ho hadn’t done ' that wb should have boon taxed ourselves, and I don’t agree with that sort of thing at all. Make the beggars pay, 1 sny, nnd after, all,! don’t see that live or six bob a week is much off a man’s screw that is jotting his six or seven shillings a day. It’s jolly good screw I consider, especially as wo have to find all tho cabs and -boor at election times. Mr Lazarus was also good on the absentees. He was strongly in favor of a tax on , absen tees. So are wo all. The absentee is a splendid plank in our platform. Wo have used him as a bait for the electors in all parts of the world. Be never fails in getting a lot of votes for us, and 1 am awfully pleased to sea that Lazarus has recognised his value. Ho was in favor of taxing absentees and taxing them heavily ta Good ! Couldn’t havo-been hotter I He didn’t explain the way be was going to do it though. And be must not attempt to explain it either. We know that tho absentee can’t bo taxed jexoopt by that infernal tax on unimproved laad wo are noticing to have that at any price. You take my advice, Dan, and don’t attempt to explain; how. you or Patter son intend to tax absentees. If you do you’ll blow the whole game on us at once. AH you and.J.B.P. have to do is to.say that you are in favor of a tax on absentees, and' you’re *right. Wo’vo got hundreds of votes . on it before and we’ll get ’em again if you’re only careful. Taking Lazarus's speech all through, however, it was pretty good. It was well calculated to mislead the ejectors, and I consider that tfaat is one of the ipost im portant things we.have to depend upon. That and the boor. Bill between ourselves, Mr Editor, Dan made an jarful bungle towards the end, and fell in badly over that Federation Bill of ,Dr Quick’s. How did it happen-? Well, I’ll toll you, you soo Dan got off a real good, piece of oratory on the federation question—(all'blow of course, but that don't matter). He said ho was in favor of Dr. Quick's bill. Well, you know that, infernal bill provides for tbo - one man one vote” apd the referendum. I don't knoiy. ifae deuce the doctor was about when be pat those things in tho bill. At any rate there they are. £ don't know whether Lazarus know they were there or not. But at any rate be fairly brought the house down by saying bo was in favor of the bil|. That was firstralo, and alj would, bare gone well if an .elector (may tbo saints preserve him) hadn't asked a question as to whether the candidate was in favor of “one roan one vote?" Dan answers, “No,” Tbch comes another pestilential question, “Does the candidate favor the referendum?” Answer, “No,” Then comes, anothos ques tion from an elector, who- should have bccn'assasinatod on tbo spot. “How can tho candidate favor Dr Quick’s bill if ho is op posed to tbo ‘one njan one vole’ and tho re ferendum?” Ob, dear, it was awful! 1 foil ns if I had suddenly been dipped into a pot full of boiling fat and then doused into n horse trough on a frosty morning. Dan felt like’that loo. But where’s tbo doctor who asked those questions? That’s what 1 want to know. Those questions ought not t6. bo allowed. It .ffon’t give a “Fat Man’s” can* didate a ghost of a show. 1 half expected (bis thing, Mr Editor. That jyas why 1 re commended that Peter PhjUljps should j?e .the “ Fat Man’s” candidate' some months ago. Ho wouldn’t have made a mistake like that, and f. believe now that if peter bad run in our interest wo should hayo swept tbo polls this election. Phillips with bis tribute bill would have knocked the other follows into fits. And now 'because they wouldn’t take ray advice, you see where, we are. Lazarus will’ have an awful - job to explain away that ff one man oneyoto” .puaioess and the Federation' Bill, uodi'don’t sea how Jbo la to got out of it at ail. Mr, Beskins is in the scuno to. ' But wo must make tbo host of a bad job, and this is what 1 recommend : Nojct ook there is likely to he some warm 'weather, and | tho electors will be filled with a deep un» j quencbablo thirst. Sot tho boor barrels roll ing and tho beer engin.es puffing their utmost. Make every pub a free pub during tfxe fevy . remaining days that wo have loft. Buy tip all 1 tbo cabs, and pay the drivers well, also tbo men who are doing tbo touting. Form drinking committees in every pub. Look hero, Mr. {Secretaries, you arc not half doing your work. I know a lot of pubs yot whore no committees have boon formed. This sort of thing will never do. 1 say that the con dition tho “Fat Man’s” candidate js really serious. And don’t you forgot it. Don't wind s little bard work now,'Think only ortho pleasure afterwards yphon we have got our man in.. - And in order to assist you and toll our follows a bit 1 have composed the following: little song, which could easily ho sot to musio;— i • Ob, wo know wo are in danger, but wo know wo’ro going to win, : And-wo never mind the trouble if our man can So Wo’U swfg ttie boor and whisky while wo rattle out.the tin, ‘ , And we’ll bribe,tho blooming voter# tyljUo the s .candidate we’ll skin; " ' , ■Oh ! we'll drink his health in bumpers, and: wo’Jl ’ drink out health again, ' ' ' ’' i ' And we'll fill the (own with .beer until it’s Uko tbo roaring main. , ' . . • And’ thcn wll drink to Patterson—of course it’s all,the same, - - * ’ Fo/.wwtoothptho man who took the duty off champagne.? .■ ■ ■■ OHOBJJS.t Oh ! the duty off | the duty off .pagDOii ' ’ 1 ! ‘ M Ho clapped it on to kerosene, the revenue |o gain, . . '. - ’ And the poor down-troddoh- working man will pay, aafljo. , . So wp bless the ." Pat Man’s 1 / friends who took thd' 'doty off 