ST A fiKLAND. Mr. Santley, the eminent baritone, is not only a fine singer, but he has also a considerable claim on artistic appreciation as a composer. A mass, an Ava Maria, and several songs published in his own and assumed names, have been, from time to «m*- «riven to the world ; and quite recently. February 20, 1894, at the St. James's Hall, London, he produced, for the first time in public, a purely orchestral work, ' A Cradle Song,' which he inducted himself. The London Daily News in speaking 'of this performance says : ' This melodious, though unpretentious, little Berceuse is chiefly based upon a meloiy first given out by the muted violins, and after wards repeated by the flute and violas. An epi sode divides the opening from the repeat of the first section, and there is lastly a brief coda. The workmanship is simplicity itself, and of almost feminine grace and refinement ; but the piece is undeniably effective, and Mr. Santley, who wielded the baton with the confidence of a vete ran, received a hearty recalL' It is understood that Mr. Fillis, whose capital circus is at present drawing crowded tents at Redfern, will visit India next season. There is also some talk of the Messrs. Fitzgerald paying the hind of Rajahs a visit in the near future, while Wirth Brothers have already arranged for a season in Calcutta with a tour of the principal towns to follow. At this rate India will be rich in circuses during the coming season. Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew have definitely decided not to visit Australia this year as was at first intended. They proceed from India to China, and from thence to San Francisco, opening in the Calif ornian capital ii» July. On ? Saturday next Mr. Bland Holt will com mence a season at the Melbourne Princess Theatre. Mr. Edward Sass srill be his leading man, and Miss. Emma -3wynne will also he in the cast. During ihe season Mr. Holt will produce several of the latest London successes, including 'A Life of Pleasure,' and 'The Prodigal Daughter.' Every one in Australia will be glad to hear that our old friend, Miss Nellie Farren, whose illness commenced in' Sydney and has lasted so long, has now so far recovered her health as to justify the expectation recently, expressed by hersslf that she -will again be seen upon the stage of her former successes. _ '' ''The. rumor'of 'aTcohteinplated production- of ' Morocco Bound' in Australia appears to have more foundation in it than merely idle chatter. We understand that arrangements are being com pleted in London for the translation of this suc cessful comic opera to the antipodes, and already Mr. William Elton, whose lines have fallen on stony places since his return to England, has been engaged for the part of Squire Higgins, played originally by Mr. Danby and afterwards by Mr. Grattan. The date of production In Mel bourne will, it is understood, be early in June and the theatre the Bijou, while the Criterion will probably be its home in Sydney. Yesterday week the remains of poor old 'Jimmy Kitts' were interred in the General Cemetery, Melbourne. A number of floral tribute! were sent by his many professional and private friends, including a beautiful floral anchor from Miss Maggie Moore (Mrs. Williamson), also from other Theatre Royal Mends, and Miss Dora Mostyn, of the Alexandria, contributed a lovely wreath. With Mr. Kitts has' passed away another of the few remaining connecting links be teen the old and new schools of dramatic art, and j his name will be associated with many of the j most popular and celebrated artists that visited Australia during the earlier days. The Taylor -Carrington Dramatic Company has been lately playing ' The Gulf ' country and Thursday Island, and report satisfactory busi ness during their northern tour. Messrs. J. Saville Smith and Hardy, whose names in Australia have been associated with a considerable number of failures, have it appears breasted the tide of misfortune, and have been lately sailing along in smooth waters in India. - The London Lyric Company under their management was doing good business in Burmah when the mail left. * Mr. George DarrelL who looks all the better for his trip to America, has returned with a full quiver and a determination to conquer or die. He declined what seemed to be a tempting offer to open the autumn season in New York with L 'The Sunny South' and other plays of his own, as he was anxious to return to Australia, and his time in America was fully occupied in acquiring the Australian rights of an invention which he intends to float into a company. He, however, purchased the rights of several new plays— one American drama, one English romantic drama, three farcical comedies, and three emetional plays, which, with two new dramas of his own, he intends to produce at an early date in Aus tralia. News comes to Australia of the success of two old Sydney favorites in America: In a letter | from xixe States to Mr. Stirling Whyte, of Her Majesty's Theatre, from Mr. Harry Jewett, who is a native of New Zealand, and was for a number of years a leading member of Mr. Rignold's company, the writer anticipates the most hopeful prospects for his future career, and records past successes which almost make one's mouth water. He 'has, he says, renounced all his old time care lessness, and thrown himself heart and soul into his profession, in which he is already a recognised ' star.' Mr. Jewett also gives a most glowing account of the success achieved by Mr. A. R. Lawrence in Ibsen's 'Ghosts,' and announces that this sound actor and all round good fellow has been given a two years' engagement by Froh man of New York.; They are both capable artists, and that good fortune may follow their future movements will be the wish of all who know them. Mr. Irve Hayman and the Criterion Dramatic CATTlTlQ.Tnr q.tvi i^mncr tcaII in 4-.1iq flftnufmr anil niton in Granville to-night, where good business is anticipated. Mr. Leonard Parker, a young Ade laide actor, who was hist seen here with the B. and B. Company in 'The Guardsman,' has been contributing some very excellent work with the company. Mr. Charles Holloway's dramatic company have been doing good business in Newcastle, and ' The Shamrock and the Rose,' which was put up on Saturday last, was an immense success. Mr. Sweeney, who plays the part of Mixy Mulcahy instead of Dandy Dunraven (the part he made such a hit in at Her Majesty's), has caused this secondary role to be regarded as the principal part, and hiff performance is very . highly spoken of. ' He was the only one in the cast,' says the Newcastle Mobnin g Heeaid, ' who spoke ' good Irish/ ' Mr. Harry Bennett is the manager for Mr. Holloway. C. Haddon Chambers (says the London Stage), called the new play that he has written for pro duction at the Haymarkei by Mr. Beerbohm Tree, ' Two Men and a WomatL.' This piece pro batly will follow 'The Ta.1isma.Ti.' But this perhaps is looking too far ahead, for ' The Char latan ' has yet to be dealt with, and as it shows no signs of falling in public estimation, the chances are that it will continue to be played for some time to come, and this means that ' The Talisman ' and ' Two Men and a Woman ' will be compelled to wait. Was not ' Two Men and a Woman ' the play which Mrs. Langtry refused on account of the male characters being so strong ? . ' Utopia, {limited' was presented to New York playgoers on Easter Monday, with Mr. J. J. Dallas as King Paramont. The opera will be played only in New York, where it will be seen and heard for a settled season. In a law suit recently brought by Miss Emily Brinsley Sheridan, in London, against Mr. Hart mont, a financial agent, to recover a claim for remuneration for having successfully brought about a negotiation between the defendant and Mr. W. S. Penley whereby the latter was to have advanced him the stun of .£1000 so as to enable him to produce 'Charley's Aunt, it transpired that Mr. Hartmont already had. made about .£20,000 out of the transaction. Miss Violet Varley and Mr. Joseph Tapley, who have been engaged for some considerable time, are to be married at the end of the present month. It is understood that shortly after the happy event the musical pair will try their for tunes in London, where Mr. Tapley already holds a good position as an operatic artist. Mr. Alex. Mayne, the courteous manager of the Criterion Theatre, was on Saturday bast made the recipient of a very nicely worded testimonial and an equally nice cheque, as a gracious little token Messrs. Thornton and Arnold. It is rather re freshing these times to find managers who, when wishing to ' do the nice thing,' put their hand in their own pockets instead of getting the public to contribute to a testimonial fund by organising a benefit. 