N'XMCPORTK, By J. O. B. So far as I know there is no colonial official whose duties resemble those of the British Lord Chamberlain. At all events stage-censorship — except by the daily press— is unknown among us. An Australian playwright — assuming the possi bility of such a person — might almost choose any subject and treat it in any fashion within the bounds of decency. He could put the Patriarchs upon the boards in a maudlin condition, force Cain to explain where he found his wife, and even re present the confusion of Adam when the orni thorynchus passed before him, and he was ex pected to name it. It is not so in England. There a lessee is liable to be curtly reminded that autocrats, aristocrats, ambassadors, and statesmen are not fit subjects for burlesque — that if he con tiuues to ridicule them or theirs it will be at the risk of finding a padlock on the front door of his theatre and a posse of policemen in possession of the green room. «?***? Take the ' Gaiety ' case. The burlesque of 'Don Juan' recently produced there marie the ghost walk in a way that brought tears to the eyes of many an honest ' supe.' with a large family and second-hand tights. Such a jovial spectre hadn't been seen for years. It not alone walked, but forged ahead at a pace that brought water to the mouths of many broken- down mummers who'd obtained admittance on what is professionally known as the ' nod.' Ihe centre-joint was the Sultan of Turkey — his wives the entrees. Why a man with a hareai should be considered a fit sub ject for laughter has never been properly explained. Sympathy and sadness would best meet hia case. Considering how hard it is ta keep one female out of mischief, the person that takes the contract of running a seraglio may be thought foolish, but it is ungenerous to make fun of him. Things were going merrily with the Gaiety when a bolt fell out of the blue. The Turkish Ambassador protested. He hinted that if his master couldn't find civility in London he might try St. Petersburg. This was a facer. The puckers in John Ball's cheeks were ironed out when he thought of a torpedoed Dar danelles, a T\Ioslem rising in India, and a Russian fleet at the Golden Horn. * * * « The Sultan's part had to be excised. The Gaiety crowd weren't long in discovering a fair substitute. This time 'twas the Kuodive of Egypt. He, too, had a weakness for wives. But he was Britain's ally (allies are of two kinds — one sticks to you for love, the other because he can't help it) and objected to keep a cockney gallery on the grin at Cd ahead — particularly as none of the re ceipts came his way. So he had to be dropped out of the piece, and the question with the company is how to replace him — where can an understudy be founds The Emperor of China, the Ameer, the Mikado, The Grand Lama, King Lobengula, and every monarch from the Zambesi to the Nile— every potentate in fact whose alliance is of any account — are up to the eare in matrimony, and would naturally object to a London simulacrum -who danced breakdowns and advertised himself as a comprehensive parent. Thus the matter stands, and now that Brigham Young is dead, it is hard to say where the Gaiety folk are to look for relief. Europe, Asia, and Africa being closed to them, there remain but America and Australia, in both of which mono gamy is the rule. There are, of course, poly gamists in the latter continents, but most of them are in gaol. Byron intended to bring his Juan to Paris and have him guillotined during the Terror. The Gaiety Don will probably have to be squelched through pure inability on the lessee's part to dis cover a much-married man who is neither a friend, nor an ally; ncr a pensioner of Britain. *-***? An American having visited the Chicago show and observed the New South Wales exhibits, writes to the Victorian Postmaster- General for information regarding Australia and its re sources. His desire to provide for his family is strong, stronger than his spelling. The hitter, in fact, is a good sample of what an upright and ingenious but unculti vated man can do when he lays hands on a pen and puts out his tongue. He says among other things : ' Send mo a Listory of Australia. Are thair wild ponies thair ; is thair game thair, and what kind. Are the natives dangurs. Have you mountains. Have you churches, Sabbeth schools, &c;, also schools in general. The price of gro ceries, clothing, boots and shoes, general goods of every description. Have you raileroads. Have you . snow in winter, and how long. Have you good hounds for hunting. A first cousin of mine left Canada five years ago. He went to Australia. If you no anything about him please give me his address.' * * * ? The chances, of course, are that this enterpris ing Republican is a myth— a false creation pro ceeding from the heat-oppressed vicinity of some newepaper-office-etove on whose heated lid a dozen unstable expectorations were whirling in uncanny glee preparatory to shrivelling into nothingness. But he may be a genuine inquirer, anxious to do the best for bis four growing boys and their mother. If so, his demands for in formation should not be treated with coldness or contumely. I take upon myself to give a few concise replies, trusting they may come under his notice. Brother mine across the wide Pacific, Australia has no history at present, at least none I could recommend. She is therefore happy. With the exception of a fair assortment of alli gators in the North and a visionary creature called the bunyip in the South, the game supplies are scarcely up to the American standard. To make up for this, however, she «an Bhow a crop of boodlers, mugwumps, confidence-men, sharpers, log-rollers, time-servers, wild -cat brokers, welshers, hoodlums, wreckers, legs, dodgers, magsmen, and all-ronnd blatherskites that need fear no comparison with that of any other land. The natives are not ' dangurs ' — not even when they fight. They have a crooked stick which they throw at their enemies, but, as often as not, it comes back and lifts their own skulls off when they're not looking. Schools and churches of all kinds abound, and are seldom at a loss for something to dispute about. The necessaries of life are abundant, but, just as with you, the dis tribution is a little unequal. Likewise there are 'raileroads,' but the opposition of horse and bullock waggons is almost too much for them. If you're given to tobogganing- don't come here, for there's not a decent elide in. the country except you climb up in the clouds. Tour cousin from Canada is well known here — especially to the prison warders and the police. If his former neighbours regretted his going as much as his present ones his coming, they'll be glad to hear that a public subscription is being raised to send him back next time he's out. More information in zny next. ?» * ' * * ' To Newcastle belongs the honour of being the first town to show in a weird light what may happen to a policeman in New South Wales. The other day a constable, concluding that a three days' beard didn't do his face justice — that free dom from stubbles was a step in the direction of godliness — entered a Newcastle barber's and un obtrusively put his helmet on the peg to await his turn. When the hitter came it assumed the shape of a turn out — in brief, the tradesman re fused to shave him. Fear of losing his custom was the cause assigned. In consequence of the coal-strike the boycott is in full force and suffi ciently comprehensive to include constables. The peculiar aggravation of the case was that the officer was suffered to sit in unostentatious silence ? on the edge of an untrustworthy chair till the crowd of miners, unattractive on entering, were presentable and pungent on leaving, through having their unseemly superfluities removed. It was then only that he was told no policemen — Irish or not— need apply. His treatment was but one degree less irritating than that of the ganger in the song. The excise man, it will be remembered, having arrested a man with a keg of whisky on his shoul ders, carried the liquor four miles, the prisoner trotting moodily beside him. The official sweated, the smuggler swore. At last the latter, on reach ing a roadside inn, pulled out his permit or license, thanked the officer, asked him to stand the keg up in the bar, and wished him a pleasant journey back. He further said he'd recommend him to the authorities for promotion. This was the ulti mate straw. The gauger was never seen more, at least alive. The simple fisher-folk say that on. wild nights his wraitn is still to be seen wearily 'humping' a shadowy hogshead across an ap parently interminable moor. * * * # About this Newcastle business, interrupted for a moment by reflections on an exciseman's sorrows. The barber is master of the situation. Persons following other callings might be dragooned into obedience, but to force a man to shave you is just ridiculous. The risk would be too great, the opportunity too inviting, the temptation too strong. One all-round sweep and you need never pray again— indeed, you couldn't. No supplication gurgling ' through a severed windpipe could expect to rise high or to bs under stood if it did. The more you examine the diffi culty the more hopelessly tangled it becomes. Suppose, for instance, a humorous barber — the hypothesis, for all its improbability, is still thiuk able-'-a person addicted to negro minstrelsy and low buffoonery. What's to keep him from shaving, a peace officer on one side and then going to a cricket match? It istoo much to expect that an official so turned adrift would inspire respect. Although it is Clear that something should be done to temper the insolence of hairdressers and others in their walk of life, what is best to do is not so obvious. It was but the other day in Dublin that a person of this profession— a suspected rebel with a white apron over a black heart — grossly insulted Dr. Bradley (Bradley, I think, is the name), the chief medical officer of the Royal Irish Constabulary. ' ' God bless you, Docther avick ' bawled this ruffian from a crowd of irreconcilables, ' may the heavens be y'r bed ! Begob ! You killed more policeraeu than ever the Fenians did.' 