GENERAL NEWS. On Saturday his Excellency the Govern visited the M.M Australien, a special steam cotter being in attendance. To-day Lord Kintore will be present at the Sight Hours Demonstration, and on Tuesday evening he will attend the Leidertsfd concert at the Albert BalL On the fol lowing night he wfll witness the theatri cal entertainment in aid of the Sisters of the ' Church, while on Thursday night he will be a guest at the Mayor's annual ball. Qn Satur day his Kxoeliency will be present at the raoea. To-day is Eight Hours Day, and it will be observed as a public holiday. The great feature of the day will of course be the carnival of labor at the Jubilee Exhibition grounds, and given fine weather it should be ft complete success. The Bpring-meeting of the 8\. A. Jockey Club will be held on the Mor phettville Course. The Adelaide Oval willba the ecene this afternoon of a football matoh between the Norwoods and South Adelaides. In the eeoopd round of matches they have met onoe, when the latter were victorious. The result of the game will give come idea as to who will win the premiership daring the latter portion ot the eeaeon, and as both will do their best to secure victory a good game should be witnessed. Weather permitting Mr. XVank Toms will make an attempt to break the 60-mile Australian track record on the oval this morning. He win get awsy at 9 a.m. sharp and expects to finish in time to allow tie bassballers fall time to complete their game before lunch. The present record for /that distance is held by Air. McVeigh] of Melbourne, and the time 2 hours 45 ruin. 2| sec It will be necessary to round the track 143 times and 454 yards to cover the % 50 miles. The Sooth Australian Cyclists' Association have appointed all fee officials, and the laps will be shown on Hie soaring board. The second bufiebnH game between South Australia and Viotaria wfll start this zooming direody Mr. F. Toms has «p™ r l«tM this 50 \--mile ride. After the game an adjournment will be made for lunch and die third and final contest started at about L 45 and finished at &10\. The following players will represent South Australia in to- day's games:—R. Ewers, F. Ewers, Adams, MoKenzie, Smith, Wilson, Mien, H. Brown, I>yle, Bonnet*, and J. Power. In the evening a aoofal in connection with the Wjlmhmmi Anstralacaan Catholic Benefit Society will be held in, the Central Hall, Grenfell-street. There will also be special attractions at the Theatre Boyal and Hudson's Bijou, and in the .Exhibition Build ing an entertainment in aid of the Trades Hall building fund will be given, at which the priaes won on the ground during the day will be distributed. Be dnoed prices of admission will be charged for admission to the Zoo to-day. Severnl uovelties have been added to the collection lately and these will no doubt prove a great attraction. The lions will be fed at 2.30. An honor has borne to Dr. Cockburo from his alma mater, on which he may be cordially congratulated. At a meeting of the Conncjl of King's College, London, held on the 20d? of July last, Dr. Cockburn was on the recom mendation of the board of the TT'ffti^ftl faculty elected a fellow of the college. At the meeting of the Dean and Chapter of Adelaide to be held on September 11 the dote forth* rail of Synod to be made to eonsidt* the question of the appointment of a mm bishop will be fixed. Dean Marrjat has issued tbe following prayer for use in the Afarf* prior to the call of Synod, to be made for the eleotion of a Bishop:—"O, Almighty God, grant, we beseech Thee, to flic members of the Synod of this diocese the inspiration of Thy Holy Spirit, that they may have a right judg ment in the election of a Bishop. Save Thy Church from all disunion and patty spirit, and ao guide the minds of the clergy and laity, or of those to whom toe appointment may be entrusted, that one maybe chosen, who, full of the Holy Ghost and ot wisdom, of power apd spiritual gilts, may faithfully serve Thee is bis sacred office, to the glory of Thy name and the edifying and well- governing of Thy Ohnroh. Hear us, O Heavenly Father, tor the Bake of Thy dear Sod, Jeans Christ our Lord. Amen." The Christian Endeavor Convention dow being held in Adelaide has up to the present been very successful On Saturday large and enthusiastic gatherings took plane, the ques tion-box and missionary meetings being marked by great «m??«?faip^ On Sunday special eervioee were held in most of the city and suburban churches, and to-day the sittings of the convention will be neiimed. The first of a series of three games of base ball between Victoria and South Australia was played on tbe oval on Saturday. The day was fine, but the attendance only moderate. His Excellency the Governor was yw^pg the spectators. The game was fairly well playud, and resulted in a win for Victoria by 1 run. Soores—Viotaria, 11; South Australia, 10. Harry's fine pitching woo the game alter the South Australians had obtained a lead of 8 to nothing. The two other games will be played on Monday. In the One-mile Bicycle Bace whioh vat run on the Adelaide Oral last Saturday after noon Mr. F. S. Toms broke the previous record. He rode the distanae in 2 mm. 21 sec. The previous record was 2 mm. 22} sea, which was made by Mr. W. S. McCoombe, of Mel bonrne, in February last. The Minister controlling the Northern Territory (Hon. F. W. Holder) has received a telegram from tbe Government Resident at Palmerston stating that the cattle steamer Darwin sailed for Singapore and Batavia on the 80th ultimo with a cargo oi 200 splendid Wave Hill bulloolra for the latter port. The Orient line R.M.S. Orotava arrived at Albany on Friday evening and is expected to reach Ijargs Bay on Tuesday morning. Tbe nmnbur of births and deaths registered in the General Registry Office during the jjeok which ended on Saturday, August 25, was Births, S8 males and 96 females; deaths. *7 males and 29 females; a total of 194 birtb? and 70 deaths, or en exoara of 118 births. For the district of Adelaide the figures were —Births, 17 males and 9 females; deaths, 9 males and 5 females; a total ot 26 births and 14 deaths, fa an excess of IS births. The report of the Victorian department for neglected ohfldren and rafonaatomJ tahook for 1893 states that the nnmber of .•ctflarenjnrwjjtted. ?p tfce department during ;tbeyear was 437, as against 416 in 1892, while !WIW W*9 wfonnatnn'B?. Tbeaearetaxy to the department a?vsj—"lt is satisfactory to know ttat the Apt of 1879 is Btill being \- l?qelyh(oqght|uto apantioa by thavatioo? court*, when dealing with tat offenders under SI yean of age, and with the most satisfactory results. Eigh^y-eix males and sixteen females thus escaped going to gaol doling the year, having been set at liberty on probation witjh friends direct from the com*. I may remark that in the New Zealand Probation Act, which oanw into operation in 1886, there is no age lii^if in the ease of first offenders, and the la ■ epecbor of Pdcons, under wfaom she AM appears to be administered, is ahte in his annual reports to speak of the results in the lughesf terms." Referring to the upeoud oonrt for neglected children and juvenile offenders the report wyg: —"This important system of dealing with children, which was adopted some years sinoe wSot^ Australia «nd has been embodied'in the Ontario qhUdm'e Act of bat year, it ie T^tinf^itojy to know is in a modified form now being earned oat in this colony, the Chief Secretary having seen his way to instruct that aU ebiMten are fot the Intern* to be dealt with fa the private room of the justices at the OBOcAome, and, aa fa* as possible, before the ordinary business of the day begins. This oMisEactarr step, coupled with the equally im partantorie of baling children nnder 17 years of age remanded to the xeoaiving depot instead of to BMd,im]esa in vary exoeDtional cases, win, I feel sa&sued;, have toe most bene ficial effect co the after career of the children . ViA wfaieh this department and rescue ■nbu generally have to deal." The Ttfobaeiter, a Hanoverian paper, at date July 17, gives an aoeoont of • two-year old of wrneptinaal preuueity. He is alfll in long etothe?.bat. he 1b afte to read, every word in kia own language, whether printed or written, and. P? German or Lfttin characters. His Mama is Otto Foakrt, and he is the yon of ft master butcher of Bud k3int^ Hrfii^M^V Se Beads Bmnbers. as easily as sentences. When one year and • half eld ha betas to ask the meaning of the shop signs which he a?w in the stneta when taken out for % walk. He then turned his attention to the btnks and newspapers in his £atber'cboat!e, * and by Jaifrrng the value of the letters he soon learned to read, beginning with his own name. He pl*ya like otho* ehfldrea of his age, but reftaea/mflk and likes wine and beer instead. His phenomenal precocity has attracted the attention of several doctors, who are inclined to attribute the resalt to inberited memories, but have no* been able *0 find much support from this theory in the family history of the rjarents. "An experiment fnwght wish great popsi b^beatoniraloammnni^esisaa tee eve cf beisp carried oat in Xataoahuhire." aay? she Fortsatrs iVwt, *Vie operation of which is sure to be watched with keen interest by the whole agricultural world. So long ago ac ISJ9 a sys tem of agricultural banks was instituted in Qamumg —as a ear* of half-way house bet veen the faa&k; of the capitalist on the ope hand and the net of the Bgnej-lejiger on tnectfier— for the purpose of aatktiM vhe agricultural pUaees to obtain for themselves (be benefit of personal credit ea co-opera^ sfrte tinea. This system - has over spread Central gawps, Mr. Henry W, Wolf k * gentleman who baa made the ■object bia atony. Througk kia instrumen tality and exertioas an aasoniation oaued the AgrictutaraJ Banks Association has recently been farmed, in Tjnghrod. far the parppae of promoting siiqOar institntfoas thronghont the land to fi?Tw<> allotment Mlit—. email fanners, stnjtgizng tradesmen, and .any other persona to cultivate a plot of land on their own amount or to stock tfeear shops witn- Quj beinic hwdinappnd by die payment of nsanous interest to toaaasongen. The banks are not intended for the owners of land or other tangible property on which the estab . lished banks are able to make advance*, but for people who have no such aeonrity to offer as would be acceptable by ordinary banks, but wbo may be expected to make a fretful w «C temporary loans at a moderate fete of interest. Cheap personal ' credit is the prinnipln underlying tin project; the parish is attebpondacy of operations. The arm is diffusion and not the collection of capital; mutual wtitanca and not profit the object to be effected. The founder of the Italian system jgctaretquely styles the pro ject aa 'she capitalisation of honesty,' and for such ? system** that special means are required for Baf«guar4inr the loan. How ie it pmpnwnrl *? aolve the problem of pro viding credit in caaes in whioh there is no munpiiiaed eeuimty to pledge? What is the machinery by which fee new asenrity is to be made bankable! The answer is this;— In the fist pjaoe a small cyndieate who have determined to establish a credit bank enrols by invitation and. after caretql selec tion a certain number of members of known honesty and iajltistry. The mamhnrs make thniiienlvga aaswerabie' by common liability for die neceerary capital, whether obtained from came ordinary bank or from individna} ioreetqrs or from depoeiton. It is thought that capital could be so raised by the members at a cost of 4 per oank. and that it could be placed oat at 6 per oenfc. to 6J per cent. Every applicant for a loan must be a mem ber of the tank and must satisfy the manag ing emmnttee as to bis personal sequriQ-, anpppcaad fer approved anreties, and as to On inrpbajje prpdaptivenen of the oaflay for /Wfd^i the iosn is •skied, awi *o which pur pose it «anat alone be applied, or it may be promptly called in. Jioajpi are not to be es teoded beyond twelve fnoa% ewept bj ar v nwwmtmm&mvAto; iprtalmepla. The utmostpoaatoaJnyoE payaen^ bothof inte rest and of capital, U to/ba insuted on, and any defaulter will be, rogether wftb bje enr« ties, promptly called to amnnnt. The pariah bemg taken Mthe area to be ooverad bytbe bank, the mansgtwg commitaae will be in a position, to fcnmr aoooiately the pewnnaj value of aa applicant and of liisaumaee, both as to Bubstanoe and character. In this way, espe cially |f wemhun be tbeauelva* deppeitors, there afaould be no stigma attsrhing to the applioatipa foraioaa, the vary granting of which ahouM be a certificate of indastryawi At Ac Adelaide Polioe Court ooSstnrday the cace of William Platt was the only one dealt with by Messrs. J. Gordon, S.M., and W. Hooper, He was fined 10s. far being drunk. The following eums have bee* received for the Land Settlement Aid Society:—Per Ad vtrtistr, £2 3s. 6d. : Meters. Marsh & Co.'c employes, Se.; J. B. H?well, lU.; Jamestown branch of the society, £113s. lid.; part collec tion at Talmsgrfa Sunday eervioe, £15. We hare jreo?Mned from Bueaoe Ayres the July nambar of A Aadmf* Oautte, which is published for the benefit of the Sootonmen resi dent ? the Argentine Bepublic Two splendid full-page photo-bUnks lend attraoJive ness to the number. One is a pathetic study entittaa" Fear Xridor," and the other a view of ''The law of the Troaneks and Ben Venue." There will be a special time- table on the QieneJK lines to-day, and those visitors to the races who wish to avoid the crowd are in forttied th*t earjy trains will leave Horphett ville this afternoon. From our advertislmT oplnmns it trill be seen that the Norwood Starr-Bowkett Society's eeoond ballot ja to take place on September 18. snd tb?l new members can participate in thin ballot on ?b^al terms. 