THE OTHER MAN.* By MARY GAUNT (MRS. H. LINDSAY MILLER). (Continued from Last Saturday.) CHAPTER XV. A DISTURANCE IN THE FAMILY. Ruth sprung to her feet and saw in a moment that Finlayson was right. Ted, being undisturbed had, with the aid of his brothers and sisters, finished the raft en- tirely to his own satisfaction. Then it had to be launched, and launching it made them so wet that it seemed a pity not to make some further use of it. "Let's get on and row to the other side," suggestcd Ted; "there's two palings 'ill do for oars." "You can't row," hesitated Etta, "Pooh, nonsense, as if any fool couldn't row." Apparently the argument was convincing, for Etta agreed to go, and Ted, picking up Vera in his arms, waded out and placed her triumphantly in the centre of the raft. The rest followed and scrambled on board as best they could, the frail raft more than once threatening to capsize. It was hardly an un- mixed success either, for their weight sank it a few inches beneath the surface of the water, but, as Ted pointed out, they were so wet already that didn't much matter. They were not in deep water, and there was really no necessity for them to cross the lake, p'raps, on the whole, he thought, they'd better not; but they might as well paddle round now they were there. So they paddled round to their heart's content for some few minutes, their un- conscious guardian being so absorbed in her own affairs that she never even looked at them till, being anxious for a change of sub- ject, she suddenly remembered her charges. In a moment she had flown down to the edge of the lake, and to her dismay saw they had drifted a good deal further from the shore than she had at first thought. "Children, children," she cried despair- ingly, "Ted, Etta, come back this minute. You'll be drowned." "Drowned," scoffed Ted, "not a bit of it. Georgie, you young beggar, stop your own side. You'll have the whole thing cap- sized." "Oh, but it's comin' undone my end," said Georgie, pushing forward. "Oh! oh! Let's get off," cried the girls, crowding to one side. It's comin' undone-- we'll be drowned." Ted made one ineffectual effort to keep the thing properly balanced, but it was no good. The children were now thoroughly frightened. The girls and the little boy began to scream, and as they crowded together on one side the light raft tipped up. Ruth caught a glimpse of jagged boards and loose rope ends, and then, with a simultaneous shriek of terror, the little crew were flung off into the waters of the lake. The water there was shallow, not 5ft. deep, bnt still quite deep enough to drown the children, and she, hardly knowing what she was doing, dashed into the water, made a grab at some floating petticoats, and dragged Etta ashore. The doctor, she saw, had hold of two children, and she plunged in again and caught Rosy. By the time she had landed her he was just dragging Ted ashore by the arm. "Is that all of you?" he asked, giving the whimpering boy a shake. "Ted, what devil possessed you to lead your sisters into such a scrape? "What'll your mother say?" "Don't tell her," said Ted, shaking the water off his clothes. "Don't tell her," echoed the doctor: "and will she be thinking your cousin and I went into the water for our own amusement, to say nothing of the rest of you?" "Don't tell her you went into the water at all," suggested Ted in desperation. "Ruth could change, and so could the rest of us," said Ted sullenly. "Mother'll be angry if she knows. She told us not to go near the water." "Humph," the doctor looked across at Ruth, who had dried her eyes now. "Now, lad, be a man and bear your punishment. You've deserved it for disobedience." They began to walk towards the house, a wet and bedraggled little company, but Ted stuck to his point; he didn't believe in being punished if he could help himself. "Ruthie," he began, "don't tell unless mother asks you." "Very well," said Ruth, feeling certain Mrs. Grant would see some of them before they got their wet clothes off, and that she would be asked for an explanation. "And, doctor," said Ted, who was de- sirous of having two strings to his bow, "you'll beg us off, won't you?" "Will I? I'd like to see you get a jolly good thrashing. You're at the bottom of it. But I don't suppose your mother'd take any heed of me." "Oh, yes she will," said Ted, brightening up when he saw a chance of escaping the penalty of his misdeeds; "because of Ann, you know." "Hold your tongue, Ted. Don't be silly," said Ruth sharply, trusting that the doctor had not heard, and hoping even if he had to stop further revelations. But the doctor had heard, and Ted was too deep in his own affairs to take any notice of her hints. "What's your sister got to do with it?" laid Finlayson turning to the boy. "Oh you know," said Ted, winking know- ingly. His spirits were rising and he began to feel quite safe. "Gammon you don't know. It'll be all right if you put in your word." "You're silly, Ted," said Rosy. "I told you before you were silly." Alick Finlayson looked from one to the other and then to Ruth's crimson face. She did not know what they'd say next nor how to stop them, but comprehension began to dawn on her companion. "You'd better get home, children," he said shortly, "instead of squabbling here. It's not well to stand about in your wet things, and I must get home too." Ruth looked at him. She was afraid of her aunt's anger. Yesterday she would have told him so frankly and asked him to stay and shield her--but to-day how could she, knowing as she did, that he would stay for her sake and that her aunt would forego her wrath, if he pleaded, for Ann's sake. He understood this, too, thanks to Ted's revelations, but still as he looked at the face of the tired girl beside him he determined to stay if she asked him--if he could be of any possible use to her. "Will your aunt be very angry?" he asked when she did not speak. "Yes, I'm afraid so. I expect the chil- dren will be whipped." "And you?" " I shall be scolded, and I deserve it too. I never once thought of them. I was talking to you and quite forgot." She said it as stating a simple fact, without a trace of coquetry, and Finlayson, seeing she was really dreading the meeting with her aunt, was still more determined to stop and see it through, even though, as he now saw, he was allowed to throw oil on the troubled waters only because he was a supposed suitor for Ann's hand and heart. "I think I will stop to tea," he said, "after all. I daresay Will can lend me some dry things," and the relieved look on Ruth's face was his reward. She was half hoping they would meet Mrs. Grant as they entered the house and get the inevitable confession over there and then, but no one saw them. The children, glad of the reprieve, rushed away to change their things, Finlayson took his horse to the stable and went in search of Willie Grant, and Ruth went to her room to put on another dress. It was still so hot, and she so tired, every- thing seemed a trouble to her. Then, too, she could not help thinking of Finlayson. Did he really care for her, or was she only fancying it--and if so, what would be the end? She had not quite finished before the tea bell rang, and she went hurriedly to the chest of drawers for a clean handkerchief. As she drew open the drawer, much to her as- tonishment a little note addressed to herself lay on the top of the pile of clean handker- chiefs. It was addressed in a round childish hand that she recognised instantly as Polly's, and wondered how it had got there, for Polly had gone the evening before to stay for a week or ten days at Titura with her sister Lily. Clearly she must have put it in before she left, though why she would want to write at all Ruth could not imagine, for they expected Lily, and of course Polly, to come over and spend the next day at Kooringa. The tea bell rang again furiously. Evidently she was not the only one who was late, but she stayed a moment to read her letter. "Dearest Ruth," it began--"I know you'll do me a kindness. Ned Clegg and me--we just can't stand it any longer. He loves me--you know he does-- you said you thought so yourself once, and I know I love him, so were going to get married. It's no good asking father, he's sure to say no, so I'm going to run away with him to-night. Simmonds, 'one of the men on the place,' is to drive me over to Titura, and everyone knows we're sweet- hearts, so he won't be a bit astonished if, about half-way over, Ned comes riding up and asks him to change places. They'll all think me at Titura, and Lil 'll think I've changed my mind and am coming back with her on Friday, and Ned won't be missed, for he got a week's holiday yesterday. I don't know where we're going, and I don't know how we're going to be married. Ned'll manage that somehow; but you've always been so kind about it I want you to tell father and mother. Don't tell them at once, but anyhow before Lil comes, because they'll wonder then what's become of me. "Good-by, with much love from your affectionate cousin, POLLY." There was no date but the letter had evi- dently been written and dropped into her drawer just before Polly left the night before. Her first thought was to rush off with it to her aunt; her second dismay at the consequences to herself. Who, reading that letter, would believe her statement that she had not aided and abetted the girl? Very slowly she went down the passage and pushed open the diningroom door, the same dismally untidy room, just a shade shabbier, the two sisters had entered two years and a half ago. All the family were seated at tea, and no confession had as yet been made as to the afternoon's catastrophe, and Ruth, as she entered, heard Mrs. Grant say-- "You were good children, I hope, and didn't go bathing." No answer seemed required to this, so no one said anything, but Mrs. Grant asked again-- "Did you go bathing, Ted?" "No, never thought of such a thing," said Ted promptly, bringing down the doctor's stern glance on him, but comforting himself with the reflection that he was sticking strictly to the truth. Finlayson glanced across at Ruth to see how she was taking this barefaced statement, and then started to his feet. "Good heavens, Miss Ruth! You are ill." "No, no," she said, "it's this letter frightened me. I am all right," and she held the letter out to her aunt. "A letter, Ruth? Who from? Why gracious me, you are white. Sit down, child." Ruth obeyed, and with trepidation watched her read the letter. For a moment it seemed Mrs. Grant did not understand, then as comprehension began to dawn on her she was speechless with wrath and dismay. She carried the letter to her husband, and then openly pub- lished its contents. "The wicked disobedient girl," she cried. "I'II never forgive her, never-- flying in the face of her parents and her God. Father, can we get her back do you think?" "I wash my hands of her," said Mr. Grant solemnly; "she has left the fold. She has wandered from the straight path. Let her be as one accursed. I'll have no more truck with her. The Lord hath said----" Eliza, one of the slipshod maid servants, appeared in the doorway with a pile of wet clothes on her arm. "Please, Mrs. Grant, what's to be done with them? I found 'em stuffed under Miss Etta's bed." "Why? What? Why that's the dress Etta had on this afternoon. Why, you've been in the lake, Miss," and she took the little girl by the shoulder and shook her with a severity meant perhaps more for her elder sister than herself. "The raft--it upset," whispered Etta; "we might have been drowned," she added, as if to enlist her mother's pity. "You were on the lake then, and Ted you lied to me"--she paused a moment as if she hardly knew what to do--then asked, "Which of you were in it. Come now, tell me quick, or it'll be the worse for you." Thus exhorted Etta opened her mouth. "There was me and Ted and Rosy and Georgie and Tom and Vera." "Be off to bed with you this minute. No tea do you get this night. You're breaking my heart, you disobedient children. Go to bed now and I'll sort you when I've settled about Polly. Oh, Lord, what have I done to deserve this?" Ruth pitied the poor mother from the bottom of her heart, but the doctor, who dis- approved of fasting on principle, put in a word for the hungry children preparing to leave the table. "Don't be hard on them, Mrs. Grant, please. They are very sorry. Let them have some bread at least. It's a long while since dinner. Don't let them go starving to bed." But Mrs. Grant paid no heed. "Spare the rod and spoil the child--a wiser than you said that, doctor. No, they must be punished. Off with you now. I've been too lenient with Polly, I'll just make no mistake about you," and the children scuttered out of the room like frightened rabbits. "What about Polly, father?" she went on. "The lord will surely direct us in our search. Perhaps we may get her before they're married." "Let her be, let her be," said the old man, sternly. "She is no child of mine. She stole away last night, and she shall stay away. She'd better marry Ned Clegg now, if he will marry her. She has dis- graced herself. No honest man will want her now. It thine eye offend thee, pluck it out--we've Scripture for that." "Oh, but, Uncle," began Ruth eagerly, "indeed she----" Ann, who had been reading the letter, struck in. She had never liked Ruth. She was glad enough to find at last what looked like a legitimate cause of complaint. "It's all her fault--all her fault," she cried. "I knew it, I warned you what would come of holding communion with the unbeliever. She has encouraged Polly all along. Why this very letter says so! She has sympathised with her and encouraged her to deceive us. I know--I told you. She has not the true grip. She is always against us. She has no regard for her duty. Even to-day she let those children nearly drown." For once in her life Mrs. Grant agreed with her eldest daughter, and since her husband utterly declined to take any notice of Polly, she turned and vented her wrath, as was perhaps not unnatural, on Ruth, and angry and grief-stricken she did not stop to pick her words. Every opprobrious epithet she could think of she heaped on the unfortunate girl. She taunted her with her dependence and her helplessness; she declared her a heathen; she abused her for her ingratitude. "It's true enough what Ann has said. We ought to hold no communion with the ungodly; we're justly served; we've taken a viper to our bosom." "Aunt, aunt," wailed Ruth, "indeed, in- deed, it wasn't my fault about Polly. I never dreamt of such a thing. I forgot to look after the children for half an hour, and, oh, I'm so sorry; but about Polly, indeed I had no idea." "You encouraged her, you sympathised with her. She says so here." "I--I--aunt--I thought there was no harm in letting her talk about him. She always used to all day long whenever she got the chance--oh, for a long time--" "I told you so," ejaculated Ann. "But she hasn't spoken of him this summer," went on Ruth, "and I thought--I thought she had forgotten--it had all blown over. She was so young." "That's it," said Mrs. Grant. "She never would have thought of it herself--an inno- cent girl like her. You say yourself you let her talk to you about him, and you knew I had expressly forbidden her to mention his name. You, a beggar living on our charity, to set yourself up in this way--to eat our bread and then deliberately set yourself to steal our daughter from us, and I to trust you! The fool I was--the fool!" Poor Ruth, the torrent of words left her helpless. Bitterly she felt the humiliation of her position--they themselves had offered her a home, and now they were in their anger taunting her before outsiders with her dependence. Finlayson, watching her white face, could stand it no longer. "It seems to me," he said, trying to speak judicially, and as if he had no interest in the case beyond that of the family friend, "it seems to me you are blaming Miss Ruth for the sins of the rest of them. All the country- side knew Polly and young Clegg were sweet- hearts--it's only a runaway match after all. Everyone knew it was bound to come to something. You'll have them back in a day or two asking your forgiveness for the abrupt manner in which they settled things up. A runaway match is a little upsetting at first, but what is it after all? Saves the expense of a wedding. Clegg a sterling fellow too. I wouldn't worry about it if I were you, Mrs. Grant. A girl's quite safe with Clegg." "I'll say good night," he added. "You'll be glad to get rid of me. I assure you you need not worry about your daughter. Clegg is really a very good fellow, isn't he, King?" King sitting hungrily at the tea-table hardly knew whether to agree or not, for he had a wholesome fear of his employers, but glancing at Ruth's sad face he boldly took the side of the oppressed. "Indeed he is," he said, "a very good chap, and awfully gone on Miss Polly. I don't see how Miss Ruth could know any- thing about it. She slipped out every night for the last month of Sundays and met him by the old stable just beyond our hut." But King had carried his championship too far. "And you knew this and never warned us, ' thundered Mr. Grant; "the evil-doer, the evil-doer encompasseth us on every side. Surely the Lord hath hidden His face from my house. Leave the room, sir; leave the room this moment. Not another bite nor sup do you take at this table." Arthur King rose and made for the door. If it only got him off the prayers and psalm singing he thought this was not so very ter- rible a punishment, and before he reached the door Mrs. Grant stopped him. "How was it you didn't warn us, Arthur?" she asked sternly. " 'Twasn't any business of mine to go telling tales," he said sullenly; "besides you could have seen for yourselves if you'd looked." "About what time did they meet?" "I dunno. Between eight and nine gene- rally." "Nonsense; she was always in the school- room then learning her lessons." "Oh, was she? I'm blind then, or p'raps it was her ghost," and young King, alarmed at his own temerity, fled, and retiring to the kitchen made interest with the maids for something to eat. "There," the doctor could not resist say- ing, "it seems to have gone on in the most open manner right under your very eyes. You can't blame Miss Ruth now, can you? Now, is there anything I can do for you? Send any telegrams? Go anywhere?" "No, no," said Mr. Grant. "She can go. She has made her bed, and she must lie on it. If she's his wife she must just stay with him, and if she isn't then she ought to be, and Kooringa's no place for the likes of her. Her sin is on her own head." "Well, well," said the doctor cheerfully; "as I tell you we shall have her back in a day or two imploring forgiveness, and Clegg'll make her a good husband. Good night, Mrs Grant. Good night, Miss Grant. Good night, everybody. Miss Ruth, have you finished with that book I lent you the other day?" "Yes," said Ruth, "I'll go and get it. I'm sorry I forgot." They went out into the passage together, followed by Willie, who was glad of a chance to leave the room. "I'll see you safe off, Doctor," he said. But the doctor had other views, and for once determined to sneak out and have his own way. "All right, Will," he said, "you get my horse, there's a good fellow. I want a word with your cousin here. I don't think she's looking well," he added with his most pro- fessional air. "Hang it all," said 'Will, "do you wonder with those old cats nagging at her. I don't wonder Polly ran away. I'm off as soon as I get the chance. Cheer up, Ruth. Everyone knows it wasn't your fault,"and good-natured clumsy Willie went off to the stable, leaving the two alone in the passage. CHAPTER XVI. THE DOCTOR'S WOOING. "I'll get your book," said Ruth. The last catastrophe had driven every other thought out of her head. "Nonsense, my girl. I don't wont the book, it was only an excuse. I wanted to talk to you--to tell y0u----" "Someone will hear us--will you come out," whispered Ruth, nervously conscious of how angry Ann would be should she discover that Dr. Finlayson had lingered to talk to her. "Come outside, then." Usually it was she who took the lead and regulated their intercourse, but to- night they had changed places, and she meekly, nay gladly submitted when he put his hand on her arm and drew her out through a side door into the garden, and thence into the plantation beyond. Silently they walked on together till they came within sight of the lake, lying placid and calm in the last rays of the setting sun, and then he released her, and gently pushed her down on to the self- same stone--she thought of it even then-- where she had sat on Dolly's wedding day, when Maitland had told her of his ill-starred love. The tall doctor stood in front of her, looking down at her, and as she raised her face she read only pity in his kindly plain one. "Poor little girl," he said, "poor little girl." "You don't think I was to blame?" she asked. "Blame, my dear girl, how could you be to blame? The notion is just ridiculous. They are hard strait-laced Puritans, and when they draw the bonds too tight their children rebel naturally, most naturally, and they look round for a scapegoat instead of blaming their own system." "And I am the scapegoat with a ven- geance," said Ruth, her lips quivering as the remembrance. "What shall I do now?" She asked the question simply, exactly as she would have put it to a woman friend, if such she had had, and the doctor, cautious Scotchman as he was, had it on the tip of his tongue to answer "Marry me," but one glance at her told him how innocent she was of any such thought. Whatever may have been their relations of the afternoon, this evening she at least had gone back to the old friendship, and was glad to have him there, her comforter and her friend. Ruth never thought of loving Alick Finlayson, and had now entirely forgotten the discovery she thought she had made only that afternoon. It is human nature to be selfish, and all unconsciously she was selfishly forgetting all else but her own particular trouble. As for the man before her, she thought of him only as the safety valve, the kind friend who would listen with interest while she poured out her troubles and relieved her own mind. "They are unjust, they are unkind," she went on. "Ann always hated me, but-- but \--of course they have been good in giving me a home. I know that--only it was not my fault, was it? Indeed, I thought Polly had forgotten. She hasn't mentioned Ned Clegg for the last six months, and as she was always talking about him before I thought it must have died out. Besides she spent such a lot of her spare time with me--you'd think I must have been blind not to have seen. Was I wrong in letting her talk about him? Her mother told her not, but, poor child, she was in such trouble I thought it best to let her talk about it. Was 1 wrong I wonder? Was it my fault after all?"' "Poor little girl," he said, looking down into the troubled eyes so frankly raised to his. "No, I'm sure you were right." "I'm glad I'm going away so soon," she said; "I'm thankful. I can never come back again. I will stay with Dolly for a month or so, and then I must see if I can't earn my own living." If she had been the most finished coquette she could not more successfully have brought him to her feet, and yet she was so absorbed in her own trouble she never gave him a second thought. He saw that, and it stung him to the quick. "Going the day after to-morrow," he said bitterly, "and glad to go, and you have not one word or thought for me." "You," she said with a sudden remorse, putting out one hand to lightly touch his; "indeed, how can I help thinking of you-- you who are always so good to me? Why, how could I have lived these last two years if it hadn't been for you?" There was warmth in her manner now-- too much warmth, for the woman who loved him and thought of him would never have spoken so frankly. He turned away his face and stood looking gloomingly out across the lake. It sparkled in the fading sunlight, but the grass around was parched and dry, the plains stretching away to the horizon, only broken by Saddleback and the little rise known as Mullin's Hill, looked hot and unin- viting, summer, pitiless summer held the land in his iron grasp, and to Alick Finlay- son it only seemed to emphasise his gloomy thoughts. What should he do when she was gone--how should he live without his com- panion and his friend, and she--that sensitive beautiful woman out in the world alone--he could not bear to think of it, and yet what could he do? He stood so long silent that at last Ruth rose and went to his side. "Don't be vexed with me," she implored. "Everything seems wrong to-day. Please don't be vexed with me; indeed, you don't know how grateful I have always been to you. Are you vexed?" and she put her hand on his arm, because he kept his face turned from her. "Vexed--dear--vexed," and he turned and caught her hand in his own. "Oh, Ruth, must you go? Why can't you stay and let me take care of you? Hush, dear, hush," for she would have spoken; "don't--don't tell me I am a fool for loving you; don't--don't send me away. Try and love me a little, and let me be good to you--let me take care of you--only let me take care of you--it isn't much I ask-- is it?" She tried to draw her hand away, but he held it fast, and then suddenly put his arm round her and drew her towards him. "Ruth, look at me." She raised her face obediently. "Do you think I love you?" "Yes," she whispered, "but,----" "But you don't love me, is that it? Do you like me?" "You know I do." "Very much?" And he held her closer still. "Indeed," she murmured, "you know I have liked you very much." "Is there anyone else? No," he answered himself. "I know there is not at least I think not. I had u friend once, and--and he--he--was in danger of loving you, but he waa bound to another woman, and he, like an honourable man went away. Was it not so? It must have been like the bitterness of death to him. But he went?" "Yes," she said, lower still. "And you knew? Did you guess why?" "You have no right to ask me that," she murmured. "I know, I know; but, my dear, I love you so, and if you have given all your heart to him it will break mine, I think." "But I thought--I have always thought-- that--you--I mean--" "That I loved your sister. Yes, you were right there. But oh, Ruth, Ruth, she was never anything to me and you are all the world. My darling, I know there is nothing in me that a woman might love--I know I am a quiet, ugly fellow, but oh, my darling, I would be so good to you; only let me love you just a little, let me take care of you just a little." He was holding her close in his arms now, and what was she to say? He was dear to her--very dear to her, and there was no one in the world to care for her. Maitland was nothing to her, could be nothing to her. She had not seen him for the last two years-- very likely she would never see him again. She was so alone in the world, and must she give up her friend? He did not ask to be loved, only to take care of her; every thought was for her, She saw the unselfishness of it \--she compared it even then with that other man's love, and when she would have spoken a sob choked her. "It isn't fair," she sobbed. "Indeed, indeed, it isn't fair." "What isn't fair? Am I taking advantage of you? But, darling, there was nothing else to----" "No--no--I didn't mean that. You--you are goodness itself. You--are so kind and good to me, it wouldn't be fair of me to take every- thing and give nothing." "Dear, couldn't you love me a little?" "I--I--I'll tell you," she said, raising her- self up and looking straight into his face, and he saw the tear drops on her cheeks and the earnest light in her dark eyes; "I like you, indeed you don't know how much I like you and honour and esteem you. You are more to me than anyone else in the world, except perhaps Dolly, and I'm only third with her now," she added sadly. "But that's not love, is it?" Poor Alick Finlayson! it was cruelly hard on him. He had given his all, and she offered him in return esteem and honour and mere liking--a stone in return for his bread. Did she offer it to him, though? Almost he feared she would refuse, and the thought of her going out alone into the world was more than he could bear. "My little girl, I would be so good to you--couldn't you learn to love me a little?" "You have been good to me," she sobbed, with unconscious cruelty; "no one was ever so good to me before, and yet you see I don't love you." "But if you were to try. I--good God!" he cried bitterly, "other men win love, why cannot I? Is it that I'm too ugly--haven't dainty enough ways--or--" "Hush, hush," she said, "You mustn't say that. Of course you could win love easily--easily; any woman would be proud of your love. Ugly--I think you have the dearest, kindest face in the world. I could never tell you what you have been to me these last two years, and how eagerly I have watched for your coming." "And yet you will not trust me? You prefer to go away out into the world to seek your fortune and leave me." "It isn't that." She drew herself out of his detaining arms and sat down on the atone again. "It isn't that. Indeed, it isn't that. Trust you--I would trust you above every- thing. Don't you see what temptation you are putting in my way?--and I want to be honest, too--as honest in my way as you are in yours. You arc offering me everything. How can I take it and give you nothing in return?" "Nothing? Only be my wife, the companion and friend you have always been to me, so tender, so kind and I will do my best to make you love me. I will love you and take such care of you, and surely love will come." "But if it did not?" and she covered her face with hands. He bent forward and drew them away, holding them fast in his own. "Poor little girl, dear little girl. Dear, I love you so, I would rather see you happy than anything else. I long so to take care of you. I know I could do it so well if only you would trust me. But, dear, if you would be happier without me, say so, and I'll leave you." "No, no, that's just it," she said inco- herently. "You have been everything to me. I can't bear to think you should go right out of my life." He was so kind, so true, so tender; even then she could but compare him favourably with the man she did love, and as she raised her eyes full of tears to his face, he knelt down beside her and put his arm round her fondly. "See now, Ruth, we must understand each other; and you are so alone in the world. I can't ask anyone else about you, even Dolly could not explain matters to me. You like me, you say." "Yes, oh yes," and the hand he held pressed his warmly. "Suppose I were your brother?" "There could be none dearer in all the world." He suppressed a sigh. It was very hard. "Then, my little girl, tell me exactly how it is. Tell me why you don't want to marry me, just as it in truth I were your brother." "You won't understand," she said with a break in her voice. "I do want to marry you. You hold out such a tempting pros- pect. I know how good you would be to your wife, what care you would take of her, and we have been such friends. I feel as if I can't give you up--and yet, and yet--it isn't fair to take all that when I don't love you as you love me." "My dear, my darling, my treasure!" He drew her closer to him and longed to cover her face witli passionate kisses but he feared to frighten her. "Is that all? I am willing to risk that. Surely, if husband and wife are friends that is the first thing. The rest will be sure to come in time." "But--but--it isn't fair. Oh, it isn't fair." "Not to me--dear, if you are thinking of me it is perfectly fair to me. See here Ruth," he rose to his feet and drew her up beside him, so that her face was hidden on his breast. She felt his heart beating, and knew by the tightening of his clasp he was nerving himself for a tremendous effort, "See my little giri, I have learned to love you so desperately that, if you would come to me, I shonld take you gladly, thankfully, even though I knew you had given all your love to another man. I----," but his voice broke and Ruth cried. "Oh, I knew, I knew, I always knew you were the best man God ever made," and burst into such a passion of weeping as fairly frightened him. He just held her in his arms and let her cry on. "After all," he thought to himself, "the best thing is to let her have her cry. It will do her good and comfort her to know some- body does care for her." He bent down and gently kissed her hair, fondly twining it through his fingers, and bitter as the thought was that his worst fears were confirmed and she had even given her heart to Maitland, yet there was comfort in holding her in his arms, in the thought that she was his now for good and all. How pretty she was--how sweet--and he would be so good to her. "Hush, my darling, hush; you mustn't cry so. Hush, darling." "Oh, my eye, is it a dagger that I see be- fore me. or is it--is it----" "Ted!" The two sprang apart guiltily, Ruth turn- ing away her tear-stained face, while the doctor pounced on Ted and shook him angrily. "What the devil do you mean by this?" "Well, come, I like that. What the devil do you mean by it? Kissing and hugging Ruth." "Your cousin, sir, has promised to be my wife," said the doctor with dignity, seeing that the boy had reason on his side, and there really was some slight necessity for ex- planation. "Oh, whew, has she really? What the dickens will Ann say? But, my word, Ruth, you have turned on the waterworks. You're nearly drowned." "You--you were sent to bed," said Ruth in self-defence. "Well, who's going to stop there! You weren't sent out to spoon with the doctor. My! there will be a rumpus! I'd run away if I were you. They aint too pleased with you as it is." "Never you mind, Master Ted. It's my duty to look after your cousin now. Come, Ruth, shall I tell your uncle now? It will make things easier for you." "Will it? Not unless she clears out at once." "She is going to her sister the day after to- morrow." "Oh, is she? Well, I think I'll run away too. The place is getting unbearable." (To Be Continued Next Saturday.) 