THE ADVENTURES OF DORA BELL, DETECTIVE. BY MRS. GEORGE CORBETT, Author of "Secrets ol a Private Inquiry Office," "The Mystery of Fellsmere,' " Behind the Veil," &c.;, &c.; XII — T h e Mysterious Tliief. " Now, Miss Bell,''said my uncle to me one day, I have a nice little job for you. A certain Mr. Flowers, of Kite-street, City, has had no fewer than five different thefts from his bouse within three months. The thief seems to go very cunningly about his work, for, so far, he has proved absolutely undetectable, although the police have had the matter in hand from the first." "And of what nature are the things that have been stolen?" lliEked. "Well, their variety would be amusing, were it not so perplexing," said Mr. Bell. " The first thing that was missed was a email eoripbox containing a recently executed will and some important trust deeds. Mr. Flowers, I should mention, is a solicitor,' wbu resides in rooms over the premises in which he carries on his business. Of course he was in a great state about losing such responsible property. But not tbe slightest clue to the perpetrators of the tbe ft could be discovered." • *" If it had been my own property that had been stolen I would not have minded so muoh,'said Mr. Flowers. ' But trust deeds' it is too dreadful.' " Various theories were promulgated as to the nature and motives of the thief, the most 'feasible one being that some one hearing that a relative had made a will, had oonceived the idea that it was inimical to his'interests, and had resolved to steal it from the solicitor with whom he believed it to have been deposited. As, however, the abstracted will was that of an old lady who bad no relations or friends who could have expected her money even this theory suffered from objections. " In a few weeks it was exploded altogether, for a second robbery took place at the house of Mr. Flowers. This time it was the greater part of "the silver plate that was missing. Experts were all agreed that the thief knew the whole of tbe interior arrangements of the establishment. Clerics and servants were all subjected to rigid - crossquestioning and watohing, but came out of the ordeal with flyjng colours. Mr. Flowers, in fact, considered them all above suspicion. But it was natural that fora- time tbe detectives Bhould hardly be of bis opinion. " Very eoon robbery number three was discovered. Mrs. Flowera's watch and chain bad disappeared. Two days later three banknotes of £10 each were missing. These Mr. Flowers was sure he had first locked ia a-oash- "box, then inthe office eafe. After watohing the<departareof.bia two olerksand theofixoe boy he carefully-looked to tbe safety of -the -windows, to which some patent burglar alarms - had lately been attached, then be looked and double-looked tbe office door, taking all the keys upstairs with him, and putting them under his pillow. " Yet, strange to say, on entering the office next morning, before the arrival of his clerks, be fonnd the notes missing. All the doors 'and lockB were exactly as he had left them, -yet on opening the cashbox it waa found to be empty. By this time both he and those in his employ were thoroughly scared, and one of the olerks told' m'e this morning that , be and his colleagues had only refrained from giving Mr. Flowers " notioe to leave because they feared 'their . reluctance to stay might be construed into a virtual admission of their own participation in the mysterious thefts. "This morning matters reaohed a climax when Mr. Flowers on riling discovered "bis own watch toliave dieappeared as completely aB that of his wife's had done. I was sent for to see if I could - throw any. light on this strange affair, t fohnd Mr. Flowers looking the picture of rage and' mystification, and his clerks were sulkily proceeding with their work, their expressions almost indicating a dawning disbelief in the extent of their employer's losses. Tbe offioe boy struck me as looking rather jubilant. -Ha evidently revels in "the sensational. , "In the more private part of the establishment things looked no better,' The.lady of the jtouse was in hysterics, and the housemaid was paoking up her clothes, and rowing that if they locked her up for it she .Wouidn t stop any longer in a place, .that was . haunted. Asked if she had Been anything that could warrant her assertion that the house Was haunted, she replied that nothing but a ghost couldtakejnoneyand jewellery opt of locked-up places without having .been- tear the keys, the latter being invariably found where they had been put before tbe master went "to bad. " I managed to persuade the housemaid into a more pliant frame of mind by promising to bring her an assooiate to help in the work, and keep the oook and hereelf company until the mystery had been made olear. The cook was . easier to <deal with, for she had arrived at a pitch of unbelief that was positively amusing. M'm about sick of all the fuss and bother there has been lately,' she said. ' And I won't be worried any more over it. It's iay opinion that tliere ain't never been a' single, thing stole, and that tbe master's trying to get up a sensation all for nothing.' '-But where are the things, if they haven't been stolen.?' I asked. "'Well, . betwixt you and ine I think, there ain't two ways aloutit. I've lived in families before where they was pretty bard up for ready .money sometimes, and were only too ready 4o jdo it.' "'Jiowhat.V' 'Why, pawn 'em, to be sure,' • What, pawn banknotes?' '"No, the banknotes haven't been pawned. There's no need of that. I expect they've been paid away for something on tbe quiet. The master wouldn't be the first man that bad secrete from his wife.' ' And how about the papers? _ Vou don'-t imagine anybody would take them in pawn, do you?* " ' Humph. As if that wasn't a part of the bamboozlement. You don't throw dust into my eyeB too long.' ' \- "With this remark the cook cle&ohed; the conversation, and I mast confess that my thoughts had wandered for some time somewhat in the name direction. The incredulous looks of at least one of the olerks also bore out theoook's reasoning. Still, if the object was merely to bamboozle his wife, why should tbe owner of the property said to be stolen make such a fuss, and go to such an expense to bring about ah unravelment that could but be inimical to his own interests if he were playing a double game ! The whole oase is as complex and awkw&rd; as any I have come across, and I want your help in it." I had listened very attentively to my unole's story, and had already framed my own ideaof the duties expected of me. "You wish me to keep a oareful watch upon all the people in the Flowers establishment, while professing to discharge domestio duties?'"! suggested. "Precisely," was the answer. "Both Mr. and Mrs. Flowers approve of tbe plan, and you are expected to day." A few more preliminaries being settled, I prepared myself at once for my new duties, and found on arriving at 15, Kite-street, that I was supposed to be a temporary bookkeeper, vice Mrs. Flowers herself, incapacitated through trouble and anxiety, consequent upon the mysterious series of robberies that had taken plaoe in the house. The poor woman's inoapacity for supervising the daily routine of her household was not feigned. She was really so ill and upset that I advised her to put herself under the care of the family doctor, who would give her something to quieten her nerves. Meanwhile, if she would He down and rest I told her I would see that things were so conduoted iu tbe kitchen and elsewhere that Mr. Flowers should miss none of his acoustomed comforts. It was with a sighxrf satisfaction that she yielded herself to my arrangement, and I also found the servants easy to cope with. The principal topic of conversation both in parlours and kitohen was the facility with whioh it seemed possible for somebody or other to cake what they pleased oat of the house. Before bedtime I had gleaned every possible item of information relating to the mystery,, and had formed my theory as to the true state of things. After office hours Mr. Flowers fastened his loner premises up with all possible care, and as soon as I could do JO without being observed by the servants I carefully examined all' the fastenings, and satisfied.myself that the individual who entered from without would be very clever indeed. Ee would, in fact, have to be of the shadowy nature attributed to the thieves by the housemaid. At 12 o'clook every one in tbe booee, except myself, had gone to bed. But so far from retiring to rest myself I bad resolved to keep careful watcb all night. I bad wrapped a thick woollen shawl round my ahouldera, and stationed myself so that I commanded a full .view of the doors leading from the^Various bedrooms. Lest I should be observed myself, I took advantage of & portiere which shrouded a recess used as a wardrobe, and anxiously kept the stairhead in sight. I am not of a nervous disposition. But I confess that I felt a " wee bit eerie" as the big hall alock chimed the hours and half hours, while all else in tbe house was as still as death. It was, therefore, with an intense feeling of thankfulness that I at last saw Mr. Flowers emerge slowly and cautiously from his bedroom carrying in one hand his bunch of keys, and in the other a lighted candle. He went straight downstairs, and holding my very breath through fear of betraying my presenoe, I followed him from the bedroom floor to the drawing-room floor, thence further downwards to the basement. Finally, walking with a strange rigidity whioh would have struck n.e as awempe had I not ponjectured its cause* he preceded me into the oeilars whioh under. lay the whole building. A minute or^two later be was opening an old disused cupboard, into which I saw him plaoe two rings that'he had brought downstairs with him. It was aclettroaseofsomnambulism. But I dare not wake him there and then. Only pausing for an instant to consider what was best to l>e done next, I noiselessly hurried upstairs, entered Mrs. Flowers's bedroom, and roused her from a heavy slumber. I baa scarcely succeeded ia making her understand me when we heard licr husband coming upstairs again. Almost beside herself with alarm, ehe jumped out of bed, and, in spite of my caution, gave a loud scream when she raw tbe glassy and expressionless look in her husbapd's eyes. A moment later there was a somewhat wild scene between the two, for Mr. Flowers waa rudely awakened, and couldn't understand my presence in hie bedroom at first. When at last he was made to comprehend the state of affairs he expressed himself determined to get to the bottom of the mystery at once. I retired until the p»ir bad arrayed themselves more decorously. Then the three of us explored the cellar-cupboard together, and, just as I hid expected, we found all the precious things which Mr. Flowers'® anxiety had caused bis sleeping senses to put-in a plaoe of safety, of whioh he had no recollection when awake. The shock ot his sudden awakening did' him no barm. But it cured his somnambulistic tendencies, and_ there, have been no further supposed robberies from 15, Kite-street. END OF SERIES. 