NOVEL. The Autobiography OF A Professional Beaaiy INTEODUCriON. BY ELIZABETH TRAIN, A few aaje as" mam ma inadvertently t m„ c.!ed8D o »r thatfeU at e into o "i 'or it immediately itn first"'"its are visible in l^^Dfiing words of a reoord of my expertoe » ?rcfe«Fional Beanty. e i jf rtWit!ftandii!g my brilliant and phe- -^cm! frini sceoeys, mamma has of late, I'.-yis. leh s little disooaraged that snoh A So. 1 article as her eldest daughter iuiEiot made nn bon marche at "Vanity Fair. though I am still much sought after and samirea, vet my four seasons are undeniably accnifltory and disheartening faets, and there do longer the ghost of an excuse foe Jffping Elife in the nursery. Tbftet'we, m we were breakfasting together the other day, I perceived that mamms hfd eomethin^ on her mind, for she j.pt her eyes fixed on me in a steady, irritaticz sort cf stare, that niade me wonder if I bid got my color a trifle too high or if my fece showed symptoms of scarlet fever. Fmally I grew nervous, and as I never al- Irarojself to indulge in that feminine weakwhich spoils the digestion and has its lettuge on the complexion, I sent Jane oat cf tbe room on some pretext, and then fSii,— 'For heaven's sake, mamma, what is the matterf Ton glare at me as though I' had ihe Gorgon's head on my shoulders !* She eighed heavily. 'Evelji;,' she began, ' I was thinking, isei that to- morrow is yonr twenty-fourth fcirtnd&y;, t-nd that Blise is already attrac ing cwi-ioerable attention. She iB nearly mat;, 6cd only yesterday dear Lady Heifer. hinted strongly her disapproval of secluding her longer from the word. If she were only delicate, now, eo that I might have a legitimate rtaeon for keeping her ont of society another year 1—but, dear me 1 she is fsprovoiingly well!' •Poor mammal And yon fear that I . should csst: ElUe's lesser attractions in the | tinder' ihaius locked uncomfortable. She has | iliaje cultivated oonrtecy in our private rei lsfae, and I know that she had to swallow I 'Item! mjHaear, not preoisely that, j Oifcatet El-e is not your etjhal in beaaty ct ttyle, and I can never dare hope lot her inch a triumph as jonrg hag been,' (l bhivrnd i little at the past tense,) < but—ahem I I -fhe is—vFell, love—younger—lees—less I cjnld not help smiling ait mammals dis- ] ireEfed eountensnce, and good-naturedly j helped her cut. ' L:-£8 well known and more of a novelty, ! TOD mean f "Well, biing the child out: I | ptcmiie not to ill treat her even if she eelipse f oe.' ; Ai I had expected that my kindly receptim of h disagreeable truth would relieve j EBima'a conttensnce of ite gloom, I was I tiiptised to see its shadows deepen. I ' rt5t ' 6 i Q6t it,' she replied. 4 Of oourse Eit most come out; bnt how dreadfol to I lavs tiro daughters oh the carpet at onoe 1' 'Well, mamma, what shall I do? Get it to s ennnety, elope wi<h a detrimental, nuke an overdose of chloral? Anything, I (tort of marrying that dreadful little Bar- I gr.ve, I am willing to do to prove my filial I dsTstion and rid you of an incubus.' I'^ Then I Mwherfaeo light np, and a horri- I He far took possefsion of me lest I had I fOEtLiittd myself to a promise whose fulfilj Ef f r-amtnu, in her position of embarrassed IM Disappointed chaperon, might olaim. (Mtnlyit dawned upon me that the had hfatpresding a trap into which I had inamly fallen. There are persons in the who call my mother weak and silly : I —f *>th I had half her cleverness and | ffitfrminaticn! 'DesreEt,' she said, with a half depreoatl jijit, • Tfe are not reduced to snoh straits, »n>ft; but really xny position is most nnfittiam. People say snoh horrid things, lni? e 83 nnB Paring in their remarks. 7? that dreadful EUen Simpson from I (mamma always speaks of onr naitaUo s 88 if » syllables were IT Sf ; e,nl ) EfyinB 1 the other day, 'So yon 1 , f£l m a«ied Eviljn, yet 1 It is to nn. "Soste not to get one daughter off before I v°° m8S on *' WeU. 1 was going to ftp* that you withdraw a little this year, k1- er devote yonraelf to more sober a lea ™ some very desirable C ov > "nong authors, and the old pre- I Ei-e!^ n nek i3 ol ? Ter wom ® has died out I cnl«. \ Nvl v/ out * ke n P Rome studies hter8^ t^tef It would m J f o r to be able to I fiari i 5 0 ^ y 68 ™ 3 ot -ooiety and ad- S v nd ^ ? one in lor ""'re soUd a t ® qn'teequAl to it, toy love, iwrV pa m bme ""^ht form a salon. It's ItaWrf 6^' to »nd Uterary en- I T £rr meDts 813 80 inexpensive, yon know 1 Ihi-e^7011 8' ve your guesta to eat, the liiiel y°at cult is held to be. Tm red fro I Dafe' aotnal starvation at lire. I it. t« £ bfternoon th >' salads were ranoid, and thi n an ' the bis Quite cheap l.-, Kri- ro, ' ; bnt I heard on all sides what a 1C Woman 8he wa 8. how difficult it J t get a card to her house, eto.' [ ^P*^ 8 . rn denes«, I know, bnt I coald not li^Mngintoaloud langh as mamma waa not affa ^together a merry, a at th' B for I confess I was a little l^avijir. jHoughtof relinquishing my I ^SEer P laCt - in soaiety and of sinking h«C aa wle I I ^ Wain! f i v 6d o as U a butterfly to l^litto t^ 8 S »y what you will, it woman to realise that KVr o f .^le » n <> longer tenable; i^itit/nF 8 Etlllm ore attractive than the I c„° n 0men > and had more attention 1% ,l ld I 00 '?*-1 Mt that—to use a I "fression—this was a premature taking of the bnll by. ttie hom* irhiobl ilid l. not reiiah. | Still, I 'was, I oonfeaa, tired .to death of ' tbe eternal treadmill, and had been'reoently startled by discovering that tte^pw. sweet smile which by dint at long practioe I have made mine was grooving certain set lines about my nose and mouth that bade fair to become, in time, as "gly as wrinkles. If I might abandon tjw* for a time and give -ye.y to a natural movement of the facial musdse, I thought that the mischief might yet be greeted; beddes whioh, I had an object in view, for the accomplishing of which mamma's plan, with some 'amendments, seemed to offer a means. Mamma aocepted my merriment in bewildered silence, evidently at a loss as to what prompted it. I soon enlightened Iter. • Pardon me, mamma,' I said, ' bnt really the thought of myself as a De Stael or Hme. Seeker ovcrctme my manners.. I don't think I am quite fitted for such distinction, bat I do feel as though a good rest would be of inestimable benefit to me. Yesterday I had a leng letter from Mary Ckrteret, beg-, ging me to come down to them in Jersey foe a ehacge, to remain ai long as, I oared to. Xhe prospeot seemed inviting then, and ii donbly so now, when I find that, in.yonr plans, I am de trop. I should like to skip a season in town, ,and will give Elise a fair field ; besides, I may become ao rejnvenated in ihe air whioh created the liUigtry that Miss Bliie will have to look to her lauiell next year, I think the literary career we had better abandon in toto. You had no ulterior motive, I suppose, in proposing it f" I am always a little suspicious of mamma; I can't help it, she has given me so many baok-handers under the guise of maternal interest and good connsel; but before she oould utter the disclaimer that I knew <v&g; forthcoming, the dCor opened, and Blise mternl witu tm open letter in iier liftnd. She had met the letter-carrier and had possessed herself of our share of his burden. There were letters for us all, and we were soon engaged in mastering their eontents. Mamma's and'mine were the same old story, —bills, card*, and invitations ad nanseam et infinitum,—but JSlise, who was still in the school-gtfl era, when letters of length, if not of great literary value, are written, finished page after page of crossed and recrossed script. ;"Wcen she had waded through it all, I asked,— • Is there any news at ail in that mass of expensive stationery, my child, or ia it entirely devoted to discourses on the precarious fragility of virgin hearts and tbe dangerous fasoinations of callow youths? Mamma and I are dying of ennui, and I'll give you my seoond-bes* nail- polisher if you will revive ins with a thoroughly interesting bit of news.' Elise, who ii a bit covetous of my more elegant toilet- equipments, became for a moment thonghtful while she made a digest of the documentary matter she had just perused ; then she brightened np remarkably, and cried enthusiastically,—she will never attain to my perfected indifference, being of an fxhuberant nature that surmounts all mamma's attempts at repression,— • Eureka 1 I have it 1 This is a genuine bargain, Evelyn ?' ' 7ee, if your news it genuine and Interesting.' ' I will vouch for its being genuine; and it should be interesting, as it conoerns two of your old flames.' " Out with it, then,' I said, with languid interest, expeoting some trifling bit of gossip. ' You shonlden't say it, but them, for there' are two pieces,—one from America and tbe other from France. Fanny (Starkweather is visiting in Paris, you know, and she writes me that her uncle, lord Denbigh, came to see her a few days ago, took her out driving t- and to the Comedie, and gave her a good time generally, in whioh you are not, probably, interested; bnt she also says—where is it ?—oh, here! 'Unale Denbigh is at last going baek to Iiondon, after an abienoe of eighteen months. He is as great a bookworm as ever, and says he shall not go out, except among the literati. I suppose he has made hiB intention public, because lira. Hay den— at whose house I spend my Saturday afternoons—said to mela8t week, < So Lord Danbigh is abont to return to England 1 Well, seme bas bleu will catch him, 1 suppose, as I understand he is tired of .society women. It's rather a joke that snoh a parti shonld • an, ue IB a magnificent old dear, and I wouldn't blame any girl for tqrning bine on his aooount.' There I What to you say to that? Doesn't it cause a flatter to know that you will have cne more chance at snoh a prize f' I neglected to reprove her impertinence, so amused was I at mamma'* discomfiture, for I now fully understood—being aware that she and Mrs. Hay den had m ft intaipfld a regular correspondence for some time—tbe motive of the proposition to whioh I had so lately listened. • But then I remembered what a disappointment to her jny refusal of Lord Denbigh had been, and'forbade any allusion to her obvions intention of again bringing nB together. •Very good, Elise,' I said, 'and frightfully exciting. Now for the other !* < Elise looked at me tantalisingly, screwing np her month and half shutting her tig brown eyes. •GaeBS,' she replied. «I shan't tell you unless yon gness it.' ' My ohild I' I said, reprovingly. «Will you ever leam to forget the distinguishing expressions of yonr native land ? Do you not know that it is as distinctive a mark of Yankee breeding to descend to that form of conjecture as it is to cross one's limbs or become guilty of a witty remark ?—Mamma, do you not despair of eradicating the American taint in yonr yonngest ?' E ise.pouted and declared that until I attempted to discover it for myself she should withhold the iatelligenoe. • V-ry good, dearest,' I said, rising from the t-ble.—'Exouse me, mamma ; I have some notes to answer.—So glad you do cot care for the polisher, Elise, for I think it would have been foolish in me to give it up.' And I proceeded to leave the breakfastroom. I had almost reached the door, when Elise sprang forward and caught me by the lace of my neglige. • Wait, you provoking thing 1' she oried, laughing. «I have half earned yonr polisher, and won't >et you indulge your selfishness at my expense. Well, than! Paid Sturgis is coming abroad again.' Paul Sturgis oomiag abroad! Something stowed tightly away under my expensive French oorset gave a leap, whioh its fashionable bonds qniokly ^repressed. What utter contempt, by the way, French stays must feel for the heart they ooeroe! I never put mine on without feeling that I owe them an apology that the organ, they embraoe is not the properly-trained Gallio affair for which they were created. However, I had perfect oonfldenoe in my rouge,—some of Bimmen's best, to the use-of whioh I have been addicted only within the past year, and my voice bas always been a meanspirited thing in talking, completely under subjeotion, responding psrfeotly to any demands I make upon It, only kicking over the traces a bit in singing: so how I shrugged my shoulders carelessly, and said to Elise,— _'' You are no judge, petite, of what will interest a woman of the world. Two years henoe yon will not oonsider such trifleB fair equivalent for a beautiful ivory polisher. Still, it is yours, for you have spoken according to your lights.' The ehiid aotuafly overlooked the gift in indignation at my words. ' Is she not horrid; mamma ?' die oried, turning her pretty eyes appealingly to the maternal tribunal. 'To be indifferent to darling Paul's earning ! I think it is utterly shameful; don't you ?' But mamma pretended to be occupied with her letters, and failed to reply. Perhaps the news just imparted had not been the most welcome in the world, though it was utterly impassible, I felt, knowing her so thoroughly, that sheoonld eTer feel, a*^id j) Uie croihing we!ghi«f onx obligation io EaolBtargu. I pacified Xltse and despatched Iter to possess herself of the long-coveted toilet article; then I approached mamma, who lookedembarxsssed as I accosted her. ',3oa knew that Lord .Denbigh was coming hornet and wanted me to meet him again P I-asked. •Well, yes,* she answered; reluctantly. ' It would., be such a good thing for yen, dear, and the expenses of two girls in aooiety——*. ' Excuse me, mamma, for interrupting you, but let me set your desires and anxieties equally at rest. Marry Lord Denbigh I never will ; onthat-point lam firm ; but I also acknowledge and sympathise with the awkwardness of yonr position, and'am quite willing to-do ad in my power to relieve it. I cannot aocept 'the metier you have proposed to me, ai l • have not the necessary qualifications, bat I shall be onlj too glad to. spend" the'oomlng season out of Londdn. <*I«hall "write Mary Carteret that she may expeot me Immediately; and as they are quiet, simple people, 1 you will not : even be at the expense of a mud for me.. . I will stay w ith them unffl th'ey show a disposition to Tegard my room as a.,fair equivalent for my oompany, and then there are many others who have been urging me for. ages to come to them. Poor mammal I'm sorry I've been such a disappointment.' ' I leaned down and kissed her forehead lightly, having learned long ago that die was more than indifferent to any caresses npon her cheeks or lips. She looked decidedly dubious. ' My dear, won't it look suspicious for you to shirk a whole season? Won't people think there is some reason ? a disappointment or something?' •jSTo, mamma, I think not. People are not wont to associate me with the thought of. a broken heart.' 'Couldn't yon bring Lord Bar grave to the point before you £0? Tiere would be a certain eolat in having refused him on the ere-of yonr departure. It would seem to the world as if yon fled to escape the persecution of admiration. Oouldn't you manage it, my dear f .' I don't think I can,-- mamma. I am really tired of the whole business. Oome, give your consent at once, please, and let me make my plans.' She looked as if she was about to consent, when Elise's second piece "of news recurred to her mind. • Why, Evelyn J then «"s Paul I You must stay and see bim ?' I laid my hand heavily on her shoulder and looked her squarely in the faoe. ' Mtmma, I never trill meet Paid Sturgis again until our obligations to him is cancelled. His ooming is an additional inducement to me to leave London. May I go f For a moment she balanced the pros and cons in ber mind; then—for the consideration of my expenses for an entire London season was of serious moment—she reluctantly yielded her consent to my plan, assuring me, with tears in her eyes (which were not allowed to fall), that nothing save her duty toward E'ioe and the narrow limit of her income thould induce her to part Tjyith her beloved child. A week latrr I became a warmly-welcomed inmate of the Carteret household, where, my renown having preceded me, I found the family and servants disposed to wait npon and regard me as the social queen whioh I have been ; and it has taken some days to oonvince them that I have abdicated my sovereignty and desire nothing but rest, freedom from oonstrsint, and leisure to work out the boheme which was the main reason of my sudden acquiescence in the maternal desire. I am determined to become a free woman again, and this I can do only by ridding my self of the burden of obligation to Paul Sturgis in which "I, as my mother's ohild, have became participator. It is neoessary for me to raise a considerable sum of money before I can effect my liberation; and the manner of doing this has become a problem that has weighed heavily npon my spirits, until mamma unintentionally suggested its solution. Why should I not write a book ? I know that I am not capable of any seri ous literary production, bat. nowadays ' trifles light as air' have enormous sales, and I believe that the reoord of certain experiences in my eareerr-masqnerading. of ou a™, wneath /iceaoua names anuouSamstanees—might prove one of those ephemeral successes which bring substantial reward to their projectors. Thus, with an apology for its existenoe, ends my preface. If my story is not a suo- . cess it is not that I laok proper oonditionB for ite portrayal. I am already in love with my surroundings. In this lively island of Jersey, where the spring is already well under way,,I, for the first time in many years, realise what Katare is, and how beautiful life, under some circumstances, may become. I have never before spent this season in the country, and every opening bud and flower is a new revelation. The Carteret home-life is eo different from any previous experience of mine that I must oonfess I feel at times a little embarrassment in the face of snoh utter simplicity ; and my own conventionalities, which are more natural to me now than naturalness itself, seem absurd and ridiculous. Oh, horror 1 what if I should return to mammy an ingenue! Fancy her disgust 1 CHAPTER I. My father, Frederick Divis HUliard, was a New York merohant, who began life as the driver of a variety-cart through the wilds of Vermont. The circumstance of the vehicle having been drawn by a quadruplet of horses probably suggested to mamma tho pretty form of expression in whioh she is wont frequently to indulge before strangers whom she wishes to impress with a sense of the lnxury in whioh her husband's boyhood was passed 'My husband was a remarkably fine whip,' she will say. _' Why, Tie drove his own four-in-hand when most boys are scarcely capable of managing a rockinghorse.' 6 Just what mamma was I do not know, for her early life is about, the only anbjeot on which her lips are hermetically sealed. " Bagarding this period she is never to be surprised into confidence, even with her children: therefore I suspect things that are wone than the reality. Itis one ef her maxims that children who have a sense of low birth never acquire an air of distinction: probably, therefore, she bas withheld from us family details whioh might have overwhelmed oar self-respect. (TO an oonunnto.) Greece in 1889 had 360 miles of railroad and 240 more under contract and injooursa of oonstraotion. > The fastest long-distance ran ever known was won on the New York Central in 1891, 439 miles in 425 minutes. The first Portuguese railroad was opened in 1854, from Lisbon to Carregano, twentytwo miles. * Hungary is one of the riohest mineral countries in the world.: The pigeon is considered to be essentially a bird of death. About 3200 lives were lost in the recent Brazilian rebellion. The Queen is mistress of over £3,000,000 worth of solid gold plate. A foot of newly fallan snow makes but one inoh of water when melted. A man of average size will be supported in the water by a pound of oork. 