Was it a Ghost they Saw ? MSas. 11. II. JEssNI.s lives at No. x21, Main Street. Bridgeport. and Miss .Minne l'arrot bjaris with her. The house is an old one, but n coed order cne night early in December -yi) the two women locked all the doors and .v..nt to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the hoisr:. They left the gas burning, however,in ::e tro: parlour. At about half- past eleven i.e returned, and entered the hause laughing t:c d:aiking. But as they w\ent into the parlour .he merry humo'r died out of them in a second. RiCht in the middle of the room stood a dark .n:u: of ·gntic stature. The upper part ot his :ace was+ ccncealed by a mask, his eyes gleam :. through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sle\es,5tere rolled up, and in one hand he "r.i, d a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women !cdl creaming from the room, and when .ir. jennings cane in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all thedoors and windows -curely locked. What was it the women saw" SDuring a recent period of ill health." writes l A\merican friend, I had slept badly for ,es eral successive nights. On the fourth of :nere nm-hts about two o'clock. I was suddenly rLused front a doze by " what seemed like the Sriling ot m na'me;" and at the foot of the bed ,to.. the image of my mother just as -he looked it; e years before, as she was leaving .tome to go on a journey, on which journey she .as killed in a railway disaster. I screamed nld tainted. I was foolish cnough to tell of it, tnd the local old women gossips said it was a iu:umnns and I would never get well, Yet I id, and am in perfect health now. I believe tha: vision came of my weak nerves, for I've .escr seen it since, and it's more than three .cars ao now." No duubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no tod to the tricks the nerv-s will play ofi on you .hen yur ;- stem is out of condition. In March, in., it was, that .Mrs Jane Foster, of Larra : :: Road, l'ckesdown, Hants, wrote us as fol .xws:---'1 was so dreadfully ne;vous 1 could :ot bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish there far away in case 1 should call rut 'r i'.lp. this was in June, iS8o. I slept .cry badlyi, and in the morning felt little the .'ttler for hating gone to bed. There was often Ssevere pain in my head and over my eyes, and ,w:s sicts i'ost ot the time. .ly skin was dry . '.nd ellow. and the stom:ch and bowels felt SI and dead, By-and-by I had to lie helpless SiIt'd IThe doctor said he didn't know what ,ni complaint was. I took nothing but liquid :,1. ant could not retain e\en that on my stomach. By this time I was nothi:,3 but skin :a:, bone. .yi" memory completely failed. My -ad- l ached so dreadfully 1 thought I should ., in. ser.s. and my friends agreed that 1 d ",,..r get better. Si ia given up all hope, when one day .Ml:s .';ie. ,f l urnemou:h, called and asked what ! . m, taking,. he told me she was herself , s: as badly ott, and was cured by Motiher ig-!?. in urative .Syrup. As she se?men tohave ;: much t:ith in this medicine, I tried it, and .!I three dats I was able to walk across the :-oo:u, and by the end of the week I '-ent down .ai -s. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat snd digest my fod, sand all my nervousness has Th'ie malady Mrs Foster suffered from was .ndigestion and dyvpepsin. and ner-vous prostra ,on. The original cause was grief and shock : the violent death of her husband, by acci 'en', and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion -:ad thus fedI and toned the nerses. Wha:ever may be your opinion of the Bridge ;sort ghost, it remains true that most uncanny isi-ns and sounds mean nothing more or less :han a set of nerves all upset by indigestionand Jyspepsia Ghosts coue from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Scigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 