THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Reply to the Moderator's Address. Tels Rev. .W. Bain oonduetod the service ant the Huntor-street Presbyterian Ohurreh yes terday foronoon, and spoke on the address delivered by the Moderator at the rese3l1t opening of the last Presbyterian Assembly. The roev. gentleman said the attention the address referred to hid called forth arose from several particulars, one being the time and ooeasion of its delivery. The Modo rator was, or should bo, a roproeentative hoead of the polity, doctrine, and discipline of the churlch sd electing him, and he was chosen boecause he was takuen to be in full accord with the church in all departmontls of its teaching and governmont. Hisanoooeptanoe of the offtice was his declaration that ihe would, to the best of his ability, maintain and administer the departmoents to the re ceived standards of the Church, as seot forth in her symblolio books-the confession of faith, the catechisms, and the direootory of public worship. If changeo or imuprovoemnent weoro sought it should not be by him what over his personal opinions might be. The effort of the 1Moderator to introduce. so unsettlisg a theme in his address as the question of casting doubt on inspiration was uneonstitutional aed a breaking of faith with those who had conferred on him the high honour of his position. VWas it hoisourabloot him to give such, ox-oathodra, the naturo of whlilh provented immediate reply and rof station P To him (the speaker) it was most unseemly' to throw on the floor of thle assombly a bomb to cause such anl explosion. If for 12 years the Modorator had thle subject himmer ing in his thoughts, surely hbe hIsd had oppor tunity onough of another kind of cleaoring hIis conscience on a dootrine of which he hsad grave doubts istosead of casting it like a thunder olap from the chair of thoModerator, well knowing that a largo number of hlis brothlren had deeoop and Ihsting eonviotiotseoon trarytobis latoly- formedunotions on inspiration. Fair pla)y and honour should hIave led himn to delivor his thoughts on the tlheome of his nd dress, "Verbal Inspiration," eithor it a loo ture or pamphlet, whlereby no one but himpolf would be committed for his uttorances. The Moderator stated that thie question of verbal inspirution was not set forth it their confession of faith. If that wore sof , why did he take such a siublject for the oponing address of a goueral assembly ? Was it true that tile eonfoseion did not in ansy way contain theo verbal inspIrstion of 8orilpturo? Whit wna the moeaing of the words in elhaipter I, seotio 8: "'('he. Old Testanont in Heobrow and the Now Tosta mentin Greeook, being inmmediately iuspircd by God snid by -Ils singular care and pro vsdenco lept pure iln all aiges, are atutheotit calP" These words phditly oontaiuoned tlhe quIAstion of the plenary pisiration of the Scriptures, and as the plenary inspiratios containod verbal insispr!ation it retninsed for the Meodoraitor tb prove tile contrary. The spasleor dwelt ot thIe question " What is Scripturo inspiration," and said tlhat acuord isg to the Apostle Piaul inspired writting wias thalt which was written sndeor the iubreath ilig of God's Spirit. Tle Bible was tloopnostlou, ill support of which thle nspeaker quoted IsaiInh 0-21: "As for Mo, this is mny covensnt with them, saitlh tse Lord. My Spirit that is upan theo attc d My words which I have put in thy ioutthl shall not depart out of thy tmouth, snor out of the mouthl of thy seood, nior out of thle monthl of thly seeood's seed fronr hoeeCforth and for over." Tle speakeor salso quoted fromn Jobhs 20, 31, ill sullpport of his views. ''lis plonary intphr'ation wires olsitnod only for thle muoen who spoke as thoey woro moved by thle Holy Spitit--lthoso wIo wrote what God communianted to theme, and so overruled their minds and polls .as to give tile exaob mind of God le their wititngs. This was not, claimod for the transorlptioes or copios of the tranesoribor. They woro only ileipirod or theoptioustle in so much si they woro true copies'of the originals. It vwas urged by somo writors that to hold the vorbal inspirationl of Scripture would inter foero with tlhe liberty and persoial respoind bility of thllo writers, tIhat their part in the vwriting of thleo Sriptures would be mieoroly tino-e hansioal. Thls argtmenut applied to inlslratiotn of sany kind-for exaontlo, to tihe opluton that the iaodeas only weore God's while the words, weoro man's. If iasptratio imploied'aut oxtra ordinary intoineoo of God's Spirit on the tacit wsho wrote the books of the canon of Sorip hiro, and if that lthlueone or power of God ou tle anon turned thon into uicro tnaohlites the santo would remaitnl trto' whether It wvor thioh thotghts or lhands thlst wore need by God. Thle argllnent would teurlt the mant who s"stpako by the IToly Ghost" cqually into a msolhllno as the mall who wrote by the Holy Ghost, In the sesonod Itand (on struotive part of the address thle Mfodorator sot forth thie pheaou which Ohrist hold le the " whole word of God," and thorofore the plneo whlith hle should hold It Ilis pIeople's thoughtsto and hieartt, s well as ilt the prolohiung of HIa stulaltnrs but the ttethod hlo (the Modehrator) adoptod to urge Ot the work by God's sorvlntis sooencd to hint (the sponalr) weakonltg and oenfrs. ing, Paul wrote to ''imnothy : "Preanlch the word, he insenst Itn seasosn and out of 5Oa1o5n." t'o also said to encou'rage l ent, "' The word is thoopnoutst-l-lunplrsd by God," Ageal they woro told that the unvoiling of Ollrst wins a matdorn discovery, Did not Joeus s5bO efote Ho loft aurtIs ' Assl I whet I sim lifted sip (frottm thee ousth) will dew sell ttses with tuo, Tue proaclilng of Christ wes the Onto genid work of the Apostloe. Were tlho isopde of to-0dly to le tol tlset mon w sorl oln now bogintlitg to utinvoll hrl lt P No. Tho spaker oonuluhledod by quolting from Dr. Cirs O ser' rmon ont ' Pauil's wltfuess for Christ beforo AgrlPespa'" sitnd said that surely its the soul of nsoel a psroteohor Christ had been unveolled thlrough ' tihe ltnstrusnstality of Hls lnpitreld word. 