D AWNINGS OF LIGHT IN DARK PLACES. BY J.R. The writer of the following conver sation with a poor old man of the Roman Catholic faith, and who was suffering from asthma, places itvin sub stance before the readers of The Metho dist to show that there is among the very lowest grades of society, traces of the working of the. H.oly Spirit on their hearts and consciences. After transacting the trifling business that led the writer to make his periodical call, the poor man enquired of his visitor if he knew of any remedy for the illness of which he complained. Having re ceived a reply in the negative, he went on to say he expected it would end in his death before long. In reply to the question as to his prospects after death, said, ' 'Wei1 . J, suppose I must do the same as other people.' But if other people fare badly, of what avail will that be to you ? ' I know I need pardon for I have been a hard sinner.' I am glad to hear you make that acknowledgment, for a great point is gained when a man feels convinced that he is a sinner and needs pardon. 'Yes, I've been a sinner — 'a hard sinner.' ' Sou put me in mind, I said, of the ? J~ _£ J.1 ? ? WUJ.UB Ol tUB (JUtJL ? ' My pardon I claim For a sinner I am, A sinner believing in Jesus' name.' ' Dh say those words again, my memory is so bad I want to hear them again.' After repeating them several times, the visitor went on to explain the con nection there was between the pardon and Jesus' name, the poor old man ex pressed regret that people seldom think of these things. Yes, was the reply, there is an old saying For want of thinking The world is sinking. ' Well, Sir, you. are a gentleman of education. Now tell me if there is any such place of fire and torment after death ? I do not believe there ia.' Yes there is ; but it is only designed for the devil and his angels. It was never intended for you or for me, and if we consider the enmity, the venom, and the hostility they are ever mani Jesting against God and every thing that is good and calculated to promote the happiness of mankind, we feel bound to admit that they deserve all the tortures that can be inflicted on them, if they were even greater. ' IT IS AWFUL TO THINK OP IT.' Yes, but it is more awful to think of the evil they have brought upon the world and the deeds of wickedness to which they are continually stimulating men to commit on each other. Oh ! the fiendish ingenuity with which they con spire to thwart the benevolent designs of our beneficent Creator, and to frustrate the scheme by which alone the world can be saved ! Can it be regarded as unmerciful or unworthy of the G-od of infinite love to leave those of the human race who enter and remain in the service of the devil and his confederates, making war against the Most High God, and joining in the attempts made to destroy the happiness of their fellow-men, to share the fortunes of those they served. 'i NEVER THOUGHT OF THAT.' Well, God had compassion on the whole of' the human family, and so much did He pity them, including those who openly engaged in the service of the enemies of God and man, that he devised a plan for their Salvation which could only be carried into effect by the death of His only begotten Son, Christ Jesus, and the gift of the Holy Ghost, who does all that heavenly wisdom can devise for the salvation of the world. But these blessed designs are resisted, and such are the powers of darkness that the conflict is still maintained between good and evil most vigorously ; but in the end those evil powers shall be overthrown, and Jesus our Saviour shall be crowned Lord of all. Nqw, do you not think that God is worthy of our love and best services ? ' O, YES, THAT IS SO.' Now, as some evidence of your sincerity, try and love your wife, and do not use such harsh words towards her as you sometimes do. 'But she does provoke me so.' Perhaps if you told her your desire to love her as Christ loves you, she would cease to give you any provocation. Here the conversation ended, but it is worthy of remark, first, that the old man felt convinced thathe was a'hard sinner' needing pardon — not a word of priestly absolution. Secondly, the words re ferring to pardon as a result of believing in Jesus' name had a charm for him that he wished to have them imprinted on his memory. Thirdly, the' doctrine ? of purgatorial fires and torments had no place in his creed. Fourthly, where did he get these ideas, confused as they may have been ? Certainly not from Popish teaching. One would be more inclined to think they were gathered from what he heard of the Gospel as proclaimed on the public street. 