NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY OUTIS.) Yesterday a young gentleman who had icon in the habit, when tilings weren't going to his liking, of terrifying his mother by threatening to commit suicide, was sentenced to three months' hard labor. As lie hadn't tlnne anvthing of that kind for three years previously it will be a change, as will also, probably, the quality of the board and resi dence furnished by a paternal Government from that supplied by his maternal relative. This model son would, when under the in- fluoncu of liquor, threaten to take his mother's life, but relied, as a chief effect, upon seizing a table knife and crazing his own . throat with a careful lightness of touch which strong waters never man en. mi. lini, it will be remembered, worked the same dodge to great purpose, until his deluded wife became used to it. and grew tired. And when Mr. Mieawber was engaged in shaving, and turbulent tradesmen gathered at the foot of the stairs and inquired for the infor mation of persons across the street why he did not pay them, it was his custom to make motions at his throat with the razor. But Mr. Mantalini lived to turn a mangle and endure the reviling tongue of a washer woman, while Mr. Mieawber became an Australian magistrate. The per son who is always swaggering around on Ids potentialities of self-destruction very seldom toes the mark, and the proper place for moat of the genus is the Bilent jug, where a round of involuntary industry dissipates suicidal hankerings, and good digestion waits on appetite. There is undoubtedly a great increase of suicides within the last few years, though, in almost everyone of the thickly populated countries. In America and England the sad roll of those who east away their own lives grows and grows. In Franco and Germany the same is the case, while in Austria a terrible epidemic of self-destruction hag seriously thinned out the army. Strange and sensational devices are being re sorted to for making the act as not able or as comfortable as the circum stances will permit. There is a general predilection in European countries in favor of being blown to atoms with explosives or cut tn pieces with trains. Poison is at a discount. So also seem to be the knife and the bullet. In America some very pleasing nud artistic conceptions have been intro duced, and nre catching on. One of these was illustrated in the case of a Pennsylvania tramp, who recently sought to quit this vale of tears in an ingenious and luxurious man ner. lie rigged up an amateur guillotine in an old barn, consisting of a sharpened scythe blade hung between guiding uprights, heavily weighted, ami suspended hv a cord. Tire in tended suicide saturated this cord with kerosene, and placed against it a lighted caudle calculated to burn down to tho point of contact in an hour. Then he took laudanum, and calmly laid him down in the proper place to await decapitation. It didn't come oil', however. The owner of the barn came along and blew out the candle, and the ingenious one ultimately got six months for being unlawfully on the premises, having no visible lawful means of support, loitering at Btreot corners, and tearing a policeman s uniform. Tile great Marriclcville rising against fivepencc each way on the trams has assumed dimensions which may well make the Bail- way Commissioners tremble. A meeting of aroused residents was held the other night on the very summit of Dulwich- hill and another in the heart of Marriekviile, neither of which gatherings propose to stand it any longer. They have determined to establish a co- operative line of 'buses to run from each centre of discontent right into the city for threepence, and tcn-shiiling shaves therein are going off like hot cakes. When 500 of these have been taken up the company will start operations, and if this happens there will be a considerable falling off in tram re ceipts between Knniore and the terminus of the line. It is not impossible for the pro posed lino of 'buses to pay well with ah assured passenger list in addition to those who may be picked up. In view of what has happened at Manly, t lie commissioners might well reconsider their decision to con tinue a charge which is too high, and which many people cannot pay. If they don't, there will he 'buses racing trams into Sydney and out, train whistles cock-a-doodle-dooing at 'buses, and rival classes of passen gers hooting at each other. Tho Hill people, and the Trainvalc dwellers will liout one another as blacklegs, and uncharitable- ness will prevail all over a matter of four- pence a day. Now Zealand seems to stand just now 011 tho perilous brink of an international com plication. Her Government steamer is away at Uaratonga, or somewhere, and a strange and unfriendly craft has been sighted oil the coast. This proves to be t lie Norwegian whaler Antarctic, which is suspected of being bound for the Auckland Islands, so tho New Zealand Government have laid their agitated heads together and considered the expediency of sending some kind of vessel out to prevent the Antarctic from sealing or poaching. If the Antarctic is particularly inclined to seal or poacli it may ignore the oilier vessel, a course fatal to national dignity. Or tlioru may be a row between the crews which will lead to heads being broken and involve diplomatic coin- implication between Vienna and Wellington —if they can find out where Wellington is at the Austrian end. But probably the Antarctic is not going to bother about their old seals. What she is most likely to bo after is one or two of the sea serpents that prowl around tile New Zealand foreshores. There would he more money in one of these monsters than in anything marine poachers would bo likely to bag at the Auckland Islands, if it didn't turn out, like most of them, to be an empty fowl crate, the Moating trunk of a tree, or a considerable island. In ids latest London utterances, Mr. Robert Kcid lias established a clear title to a higher titlo than plain Mister, and one which the Imperial authorities arc likely to respect. As Minister for Defence in Victoria, he thanked the Duke of Cambridge for tho superior kind of military ollicors he lias been sending out here, and pledged our gratitude and loyalty. The Duko ivas quite nice to liiin, too, umi said lie was really much interested in the colonies, don't you Know, and was always ready to grant their reasonable demands. Then Mr. Reid fairly bubbled over with joy, and told him our fellows were ready to fight on behalf of the British Empire in any part of tho world. It will be a bad knock back to Mr. Reid, I fancy, if tliey don't think all this worth more than a C.M.G.-ship, or even pass over the " reasonable demands " ot his ease in stony silence. There is not very much probability that our people will ever again make bloodthirsty asses of themselves by applauding a sudden outbreak of fili bustering mania. When the Bciuligo men wanted to start out as a kind of i'inkorton militia for Mr. Cecil Rhodes and his co- directors, they were laughed at from end to end of Victoria. I'rohablv Mr.- Rehl'.s desperate efforts to emulato'M r. Dibhs and make Royalty ray to him, "Arise in tho name of tho Father ami the Eon and tile Holy Ghost, Sir Robert," would make them laugh even more, only tliev are hiuwrier and his trip would cost money that would buy bread. How desperately hungry thousands of them are, how miserable, and ragged, and utterly woebegone and hopeless, the Ayr has, at. least, the courage to proclaim. Even the statistical proofs of how revenue per head lias fatten oil" during the past three years, and how population has been Hoeim- from the congested hive of Melbourne, into which, under rational conditions, if would never have been drawn, from the country districts, are weak beside the ,-li/e's pictures of life as it is in that city, as showing bow protection works out if von only kee|i"ri"ht along. Of course, the A<jc doesn't say that protection is t.lie cause of the dreadful scenes and incidents it has been telling of, although many of the witnesses examined by the Tariff Board have 110 such reticence. It doesn't say anything in particular about tile cause. But there is a naked, hideous effect, worse than ever was seen before in any Australian province, which the heaviest of Australian protective tariff's eau at least bo said not to have prevented. ' 