ITEMS OF SPOUT. ORIGINAL ANI) CRIBBED. I (By the " Bird o' Freedom " Staff.) Plain Bill will win a race in Melbonrno. If Reconstruction starts to-day ho should bo handy. Bruin may start in the Toorak Handicap to-day, Llena is a smart filly, and is by Blue Mountain. Adelaide Tattersall'b racos take place to day. Atlas will not be last in the Guineas to day. Fortunatus lias been well backed for the Caulfield Cup. Albecore was a hot favorite on Saturday, but rau badly. Forest Lodge, the 13.3 pony, has been ool,d for export. Killiecrankio has a 71b penalty in the Debutant Stakes. The A.J.C. October meeting is on at Randwick to-day. All our leading bookmakers will go over the bordor shortly. . To-day's two-year-old race at Randwick looks rathor open. The jumping horso Coala will get a trial in New Zealand. Lady Trenton is sure to bo well backed for the Caulfield Cup. Caulfiold Cup acceptances are due on Tuesday at 4 p.m. Cravat is a handsome colt, but a "wee bit " slack in the loins. Grandwing should win a tliree-m'ile steoplechase in Melbourne. Mr. H. Oxenham is in Melbourne, and will beat Caulfield to-day. Auctioneer has not been a cheap pur chase for Anthony Bros. Killiecrankie's win at Warwick Farm on Saturday was a very creditable perfor-' inance. Walter Hickenboth'am has Cobbitty, Malachite and Destiny in preparation for the Derby. Swagmau has gono to Melbourne, and ho should be handy in a five furlong raco over there. The starts mado by Gray's starting . machine at Kensington on Thursday were very satisfactory. Dreamland Btill holds the position of favorite for the Derby, and a liberal price: is on offer against him. Sir J. D. Astley is dead. " The Mate " was a genial, good-hearted man, and one of the best sports that ever lived. Fortunatus is galloping just now in his best form, and is being nibbled at for the Caulfiold Cnp. Nobleman pleases the touts at Fleming- ton, and is fancied to boat tho cracks in the Caulfield Stakes. Tho Caulfield Stakos running generally is no criterion to Cup probabilities. Paris last year ran badly in the Stakes, but made a show of his field in the Cup. Waltzer and Plain Bill ran a good race in the Pace Woltor on Saturday, but the former had the call at the finish. Martin Gallagher rode a great raco on Waltzer. More publicity should bo givon to an nouncements of raco club programmes. It is a Bystem of false economy to advertise sparingly and in tho wrong papors. Tho galloways, Upshot and Narina, have, gone to Melbourne, where they will be engaged among tho horses, and possibly- quito hold their own if properly placed, especially Upshot, who is by the Melbourne Cup winner, Dnnlop. , R. C. Reid (manager) of tho Forest Lodge Harriers, and G. C. Griffin aud S. E. Smith of tho Darlinghurst Harriers, leave for Brisbane to-day to take part in tho Ambu lance sports meeting thoro on Saturday next. There was an all-round smile pervading tho Kensington punters when Icaaia charged through her field and won. Porter was pilot, and backers who thought they wore " gono " cheered him on his way back to scale. Ten to 1 was offorod against Icasia in running, but she got thoro just the Bamo. ; . In abaci field, Barden scored a win on Wednesday. r Indian files state that the Tasmanian- bred Telephone broke his neck recently. Final payment for Caulfield Cup must be mode not later than 4 p.m. on Tuesday next. „ Pigeon- flying is becoming a popular diversion among fanciers of tho winged messongers in Sydney. Thespian is evidently developing staying powers, and he should win a mile and a quarter race before long. Maybe, after a run of bad luck, landed tho Welter Handicap on Wednesday from such good ones as Silver Hill, Alma, &c.; Tho Driller had bad luck not to get the Stewards' Milo race on Saturday. That ho beat Menter, nine out of overy ten per sons who saw tho finish will hot on it that way. Bill of Portland, the St. Simon horso recently imported by Mr. W. R. Wilson, has been entered at the Y.R.C. Spring Meeting. In answer to J.E.M. : 1. Ruenalf's start ing prico was 4 to 1 for the Spring HandL cap. 2. Donation is in work, but not very forward. Major George's list of youngsters at Waipiti has been added to by Sister Agnes producing a filly foal fo Nelson. This is the fifth year in succession that Sister Agnes has producod a filly. Backers of Britannia at Moorefiold were lucky. Tho black mare is very speedy, but wastes away if collared, and both Bonnie Jane and Leda were holding lior at the finish of tho Tempo Handicap. Punters wore in considorablo difficulty about tho Kogarali Handicap at Moore- field. They oouldu't locate Griffin's best until late in the day, and then many had The Rambler going for them instead of Silver Hill, who boat tho Kogarah trained Bunnyslde in, a fair go. . .. - .. Aeolus has been supported for the Toorak Handicap in Sydney. Enroka ought to have a good look in for some of the milo events in Melbourne. Gray's starting machine was used at Moorefiold on Wednesday with tho most satisfactory results. Antoneo, an old Lillio Bridge battler, carried off the October Handicap on Wed nesday night after a good race. Greek George and Herr Hajek botweon them ought to be able to movo mountains, according to their paper talk. King Jewel is to bo eased up for a while, having developed soreness, which inter feres with his galloping powers con siderably. There will ho a fair number of Sydneyites in Melbourne this Spring. There would be more only there isn't enough jingle in sight to make the ghost walk through' the cam paign. A South Australian owner, Mr. S. A. : White, whoso luck has of late been of the most execrable description, is inclined to lay the blame at the door of the starter, judging by a formal complaint lodged by him with the A.R.C. authorities. His cliargo was that the club's starter was in- cpmpotout, but the club, after investigating tiio caso, decided that the owner's com plaint had not been substantiated, and soothed their starter's wounded feelings with a nice complimentary lottor. For all that, tho club talk about adopting tho starting machine. Tho Kensington Handicap is generally a good race, and last Thursday's was no ex ception. Fraud won after a close thing with Bantry,- and landed backers of tho , favorite their money. Tho Trior's part owner and trainor, W. Bronnan, objects to tho suggestion that soino of tho galloways could beat tho Trident horso over half a milo, and will take any of them on for a stnall stako, just to tost tho galloway strength, if a gallo way owner can be found game enough. Solivnum has 31b penalty for the Toorak Handicap. Solira is a horse that does really good work at Caulfield. Tho " Fishing Notes " in tho Referee should please auglers. Dragoon had Death in tho saddle at Warwick Farm on Saturday. Sir Georgo will pay his way before the ' two-year-old season is over. When Milkmaid wins a race the books will probably know about it. There should bo good racing at Caulfield . to-day iu the Stakes and Guinens. Eurokawontto Melbourne per steamer.' Ho should wiu a raco over there. Several Derby colts will be seen out in tho Guineas at Caulfiold to-day. Bonnie Scotland is reported much im proved since his visit to Sydney. Solannm shonld be able to shako- the Toorak Handicap to-day if ho runs. Brockleigh is in great form at Caulfield, and should bo about in the Stakes. Jack Fielder has gono to Melbonrno, and will rido Paris in the Caulfield Cup. Tho Queensland Derby should be won by Reconstruction if all goes on well. Mr. J. M'Sweenoys colors will be seen at Flomington this spring for the first tiuio. Sir George is a nice colt, and ought to win his oats down Soutli beforo he returns. Loyalty is doing woll at Flomington, and ought to run well in the Melbourne Cup. Malachite is a colt that bids fair to win Walter Hickenbotham a race at one of the spring meetings. Riot was a littlo too good for the Ken sington hurdle racers oh Thursday, and won comfortably— at a good winuiug price, " too. Lady Redfern's win . at Kensington was a very close call. Punters laid odds of 6 to 4 on lior, and she got through in time to defeat Gipsy Queen by a head. Old Dosoy revives occasionally when nothing particular is expoctod of her. She won the 14.3 Handicap, in which Nina died , away in the last half-furlong. Isaac continues to blood from the nose slightly after his working gallops, which, is not at all reassuring to his backers. A son of old Society, the hurdle-race mare, by Malua, is in training at Caulfield. The youngster is named Fashion. J.E. keop3 on his victorious career at Kensington. On Thursday he added tho 14 hands race to his scoro without any diffi culty. Magnus showed his old form iu tho Warwick Farm Handicap on Saturday, but Reconstruction would have beaten, liim had he gob a good run. Mr. Oatley sots a good example by pre- ' , souting tho rider of the winner iu the amateur races at Warwick Farm with a handsome trophy. The amateur athletic season ha3 practi cally closed,' and tho harriers have put ; their spiked shoes in lavender till next winter. F. M'Grath thinks Monter won nil right at Warwick Farm, and reckons "y'oii never . can tetl till the numbors go up " was ' , spoken first by some wise man. M'Grath " recollects that lie on.ee thought Stormy won at Canterbury Park, aud was uu- ' deceived when the numbers went up. Thoroforo he puts one against the other. .Regalia's movements at Moorefield wore considered suspicious by the stewards, and afbor investigation they advised tho jockey (W. Cohn) to bo inoro careful. It may fairly be assumed that jockeys do nob take hold unless soiueono so instructs thorn, and cases where it is othorwise are very rare. The Murrumbidgeo T.C. programme, arranged for November 14 and 15, is to day notified by Mr. J. T. Williamson, tho secretary. On tho first day there will bo tho Trial Stakes, £20, G furlongB; Hurdle Raco, £30, 2 miles ; Wagga Cup, £100 and a gold cup, 1.) mile: Brooders' Plato (closed ) ; Bazaar Handicap, .225, G fur longs;. Trot, £10, 11 mile. Second day: Juvenile Stakes, £25, 4 furlongs; Selling Race, £25, G furlongs; Town Plato, £50, 1 . milo ; Ladies' Bracelet, £20 aud a bracelet, 7 furlong3 ; Trot, £20, 2 miles ; Farewell Stakos, .£20, G furlongs. Mr. Francis Foy donates tho Cup, and Mr. J. Bowlor tho Ladies' Bracolofc trophy. Tho dates of running are November 14 and 15, and. nominations for the First Hurdles, Cup, and both trots are required by Friday, November 2. General entry day is Mouday, November 12, and owners requiring full conditions of tho races may obtain pro grammes on application. 