ACADEMY OF WUsTg/ FAREWELL TO HKKR AND MADAME BIEBEUT. A strong combination of amateurs last! evening tendered a farewell complimentary 1 benetit entertainment to. Heir and Madame Stebert at the Academy of Music, prior to their de|virture for Sydney. The stalls and pit were well patronised, but the .circk was only poorly tilled. During the reddened of th-se will-known anil taleutcd musicians in Launccston thov have - one much to xaisc the tout! of music„but their efforts' have not met with the success whioh they de served, although this formation- Of ? the OrpheAs Orchestral Society tvsiities to the assiduity aud ability of Herr. SicbcrU Howiv\r, he, assisud by Madame Siebert, was instrumental in staging comic-operas in a lavish st; le at various times, but from various caus s the pi ces wer.e but .scautily suj.j oruc'. Last night the Orpheus.Orches tral Society {-crforme-d the overtures 'Pique Dam-' and a 'Bab.. Ionia 6iLc i-n,' intro ducing 'WhatChej*' and 'Tra-la«!aM with their accustomed st. le, showing plainly the progress the socutv has made under Urn contfuctorship* t-f Herr S Libert. The bul couy »c ne from 11 liomeo and Juliet1' was staged in tbe first jwrt, Mr- Chari s P. Hammond pla ing Itox.eo, and Mrs ; Oscar Ba^fj Juliet. The ac ing' lft nothing to be desired, for Mr Hammond was an. impassioned lover, who spoke the llu' s with all the fervor and i ignit. nec^s* sary to give a just Qonoeption of'Shak. ?pcftre's, intention.-' Mr* Bilfe male an . ff^ctive Juliet, eager to gauge the depth of her lover's f.elings without appearing to lose any of the maiden's natural r. serve as she urged turn to pie; ge uis constanc *. Mr 11. A. M'Eachern saug 'The island of dr ams,' ajd ?' Th ? lost chor Mr Osoir Balf j gave a dramatic r cital, 'Eve of Waterloo' (Byron), acc-)m(aniee( b. the music of Mi . or G4 8tra Specially arranged by HerrSlebert, toi»i;icat«theballat Brttss la, the e isiant sound of battle, the cannonading, the inn ing of frieui's, the oall to arms, must ring in hot baste, march of the Cameron, men, the march through the for st, the 1 atiL» of Waterloo, anel requiem tor the' uuretuming brav,-.' It was a tine descriptive recitation, which evoke i an enthusiastic applause, in responsa to which Mr Bjilfe 'gave an imita tion of a ? Scotchman reciting 'The Wreck of the Bo;'al George.' Miss Ida Cox saug very nicely ' The better land' (Cowen) and 'B autj's eyes' (Tosli). Thi last-named song was particularly suited to her swecr, well-trained voice. Mr W. H.Savigny con tributed some « xcellent comic songs. 'Grati-!- mamma's saug' (Comey Grain), an i as an encore ' The philanthrojiic man u S e me Tl verse' (Gt0rge Grossmith),-.anil again as an encore a Mississippi plantation song. Mr Fred. F.rgnson sing 'The Be.iouin's love song' (PinButi), for which hj was nanny appjauara, anj resitonded b re]-catiug the lapt vers', Miilsrs, Lorkin, Joscelyni', Yonng, and I^ne perfarmed -jn instrumental quintette, ' Pirtlcato', (n.rr Siebert).- The entertainment v;«as brought to a conclusion -yiib tl?.- gl^ost epeni* from J Hamlet.' Mr Bajfe api»oared \n tbc thje ' role , Mrs Balfe ag Queen of Denmark, and ! Mr O. ^ Hammond as the ghost. Hiss b Klchar^sou and Cox and Mr F. Fi rguson pla; ed the accomiauiments to the* singing, and the dresses of both rramatlc seen s w\re made Rod arranged .by Ma atce Siebert. During ihe pirformance at one of .the in tervals Mr Balfe, on behalf of the Orphtusi Orch gtral Soci.ty, presented Dprr Si bert with a framed iUumlnatenl address, t.stif ting to the regard in which they helel him.'amj wishing him future prosperity. Herr'Sie hi rt in a few wor s thanked the donors for the presentation, which, he wid, cfttfie (q him a great surprise and an uncimccteJ' pleasure. - . 