raE ULTIMATUM OF CAPTAIN FAGUS. ' NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY ERNEST GLANYILLE. Author of " The Lost Heiress," " The Fossickcrs," See., &c.; ' Copyright. Durban, Port Natal, in 1879 was a gay and festive town. . The hotels were crammed with warriors, the lodging-houses were stuffed with beds almost to bursting, and the very gaol was cleaned out by tbe whitc-coated Zulu police forthe accommoda tion of timid strangers. If report is to be credited, a very high official indeed took up his feather bed, in that time of scares, and sought safety every night within the thick walls of the prison. Young officers, camped out on the lawn of tho Royal Hotel. All day long there was the click of ivory balls, the genial popping of cham pagne corlcs, the clank of sabres and the jingle of spurs. Through the drowsy afternoons smart traps rolled out from the yard and went spinning through the leafy roads of the Berea, driven by military nondescripts, with high collars and waxed moustaches. Ladies with sparkling eyes and hair of a pale yellow held court, and always bad at beck and call a string of gay cavaliers. Some three weeks- after Ulundi I sat on a verandah overlooking a wide court, wherein a horse dealer from Buenos Avres was entertain ing a erowd of idlers. I-Ie had a high- shouldered mustang, which he had brought over as a specimen of the troopers he could supply, and was showing the various uses to which his wonderful saddle could be put. Suspended from either end by a lariat, it made a serviceable hammock ; spread out it served as a blanket or a table-cloth; thrown over the shoulder it became a cloak; folded up it was ! ngain'a saddle. Then lie made a cast with his lasso, and swung 5 the bolus, a feat which one of the spectators attempted with signal disaster to bis own limbs. " Divil take the thing," he exclaimed as he endeavoured to untie himself. "Won't someone loose me ?" Nobody did, all being too tired from laughter to help ; so lie spun himself round, and the bolus, unwinding, dealt out hard knocks to the helpless crowd. "It's as I lowld you," he said, "I'm good at this, aud what a lovely weapon I'would prove in ai'oiglit." Skipping away from the crowd he dropped into a cane chair beside me and offered me a cigar, as though he had known me all his life. / « The lazy beggars," he said, " they wanted J stirring up, aud I did it for them illigantly.' I'm Captain Fagus of the " Oirish Blower," and am delighted to make the acquaintance of a fellow- correspondent. You needn't iuthroduce your self. I know who you are. I just inquired of \- the barman, and by the same token I'm dhry." He whistled to a waiter and called for two whiskey squashes. Captain Fagus was a good-looking fellow, with a smooth face, flexible mouth, and a pair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at home with bim at once. "I heard ye were here mooning away like a sick dog — excuse the simile — and I straightway came along,for companionship's a moighty foine pick-me-up. Heigho ! It's meself that's in need of brightening." He did not look it. In fact he winked at a pretty coolie girl who wont by with a dish of pine-apples. I remarked that he seemod cheerfuj enough. " Appearances are deceptive. What ud ye think if I towld yez I was in love ?" He looked at me seriously. " Ay, that's the truth. It's love that's killing me, with all it's distressful circumstances. But how was it with you in the war ? Business first an' pleasure after." We fell into a talk about tho advance of Ulnndi, and he let me iDto some secrets of the . making of reputations. "I was with the crawling column on the coast, but, bad luck to it, the divil a chance had I to distinguish myself ; but I tell you I made the best of my opportunities." " How was that ?" " D'ye see, it was this way. 1 wrote scrappy paragraphs for the Service papers, and always bound the editor in return 'to say something civil about lhysclf. Something like this : We are glad to hear from Captain Fagus, that smart correspondent, that the men in Zuiuland are in good health and spirits.' Or this : 4 We hear from Captain Fagus, that excellent war corres pondent, etc.' I would also write letters to the Times,' with my full signature and descrip tion." j, " And how did that help ?'' ' " How, indeed ? Excuse me, but you are yoqng. Why, people would say : 4 Who, in thunder, is Captain Fagus ?' and, maybe, some clever kno wall would reply : 4Oh ! dontchcrknow he's the famous correspondent for the 4 Oirish Blower.' ' -Get yourself talked about, me bhoy, and your fame is made, and if no one else will do that service for you, do it yourself — often." 44 That's simple, isn't it ?" " "Maybe. But it requires judgment, tact, and the help ov an incident now and again. There me luck deserted me. What I wanted was an opportunity to win the V.C. ; just one — and believe me, no one gave me the ghost of a chance. At Gingiuhlove I was burning to make a bqukl sortie from the laager and rescue some wounded soldiers, but hang me for a Faynian if one ud expose himself. No, sir— and that's the truth." So he rattled on until he exhausted the war and got down to the record of town life, when he returned to his love affair. ' 44 I'm in love ; and it's deuced awkward that the complaiut should come . on me when I'm about leaving for the ould co.unthry. I'm just bursting to confide in some one.i I'll tell you all — I will so. I met her at the table d'hote at the inn down the street. Dark eyes, black hair, and ruby lips — the sweetest girl on earth. I surrendered at discretion — horse, foot, and artillery !" 44 But she does not reciprocate ?" . 44 Think she does." . 44 Then why these tears." ; "I'll tell ye, if ye'll give me a chance to get a / word in. Ye see— though I say it meself— me family in Oireland is the first in the land, with more pride than acres. The question is, 4 Can I take her to my ancestral home ?' Tell me that now." "I'm not competent to judge, not having seen the lady and your aucestral home." 44 True for you ; but that's easy remedied. You know me. I represent me family. Come nd diue with me and you'll know her." _ I went off readily, heartily enjoying the situa tion, aud he, delighted to find a listener, fairly nubhled over with jovial confidences. , The long table iu the comfortable inn was irowded with a miscellaneous company — stolid Dutch fanners, cute speculators, army contrac tors, and two ladies. The Captain sab opposite the latter, and kept ap a running fire of florid compliments, directed At the younger lady, who had a certain bold beauty. After dinner we smoked at our ease under a trailing vine. ; 4 'Now, you cowld-blooded Saxon, say quickly .What you think of her or I'll strangle you." , 4 'She is a vary charming girl, if I may say so." "Thanks. I knew you'd agree with me. But say now, didn't you remark she was a thrifle tweak in her grammar ? Clips her g's, you -understand, and doesn't do her duty by the aspiratos." Jt 44 Those are trifling blemishes from a pretty -mouth." : 44 They would never be overlooked at my an cestral home," he replied gloomily. 44 Now I'll tell you my plan. I've drawn upan ultimatum." " A what?" " An ultimatum." ' Ho drew a sheet of foolscap from an official envelope with a most serious air. <> 44 Now you listen to this. I flatter myself it's j neat :— , 44 Dear Sir — (that's her father) — Dear Sir : Asyoanre doubtless aware, I am ardently iu ' lovq with your charming daughter, and it is the (.wish of ruy heart that she should become my wife. My family is the oldest and the proudest iu Ireland, aud my wife must have no defects. My Jove for your daughter does not blind me to the facs that her education has not been without its defi r.:. — defects .which are inexcusable in this young lady. She has a tendency to drop her ll's from <id© end apfl lier g's from the other. ' My familjf could forgive anything bub that. Now, nil '.dear sir, I would respectfully but urgently propose that your daughter should be placed at once in an establishment for young ladies, where she would be perfected in the elegant use of her mother tongue, and fitted for the high honour of a union with my family. — Believe me to be, &c.;, &c.;" "You surely do not intend to send that extra ordinary document to her father 44 That's my intention. It's only due to me family." 44 Well, then, send it in, and prepare to leave the country in a hurry.' "D'ye think he'll take offence ? But think of the honour of an alliance with the ouldest family in Oireland. I'll chance it, anyhow." I left soon after for Maritzburg, and returning at the end of a week, I found the .>allant Captain seated on a log, the interested spectator of a duel between Indian gamecocks, both armed with murderous blades. Their shackles stood out like enormous ruffles, the long tail feathers drooped, and the gleaming eyes flashed like fire under the fierce excitement of the battle. They met together in mid-air, there was a scatternig of feathers, a fierce thrust home, and one of the gallant little birds was stretched out on his back. His owner, an excited coolie, picked him ap, thrust a finger into the gapiug wound, stitched the ends together, and placed the bird aside, where it staggered to its feet, weak but valiant. "Here ye see the epitome of war," said Fagus. 44 These birds have no real cause for enmity, they have no feathered hareuis to defend, or 6tores of golden grain, yet at command they rush to battle. Upon me' word when ye seethe tragedy of glorious war played out in a cockpit it makes you weep." His merriment of a few days bacic had given way to a fit of moralising. 44 How was it with tbe ultimatum ?" I asked 44 Och, had luck to it !" 44 Ib did, not ahswBr, then ?" . - "It did not. The'obhcr contracting Power did nob receive it in a proper spirit." " The father declared war ? I told you so." 44 Did you, then ? I would not have credited you with so much sense. He declared war to tbe knife. Turned out hjs light cavalry from the kennels, called out his infantry in the person of a ferocious Zulu staic-bpy, and caine out him self with a fcarfnL implement— they call it a sjambok. I cxecpteflTa masterly velruat, leaving a portion of my rearguard in the . mouth of tho cavalry." "I can't say I'm sorry for you. Young ladies are not to he won by ultimatums." 44 And me a member4' of one of Hip Ouldest. families in Oireland," he' exclaimed tragically. 44 Oh, now, that father was unreasonable. He said he wanted no one to offer him impertineut advice about his daughter's education, and Iici had the blessed impudence to curse me and my ancestral home. 'Twas then the war broke out, and my partiality for bananas and ripe lips received a cruel blow. Bee that' pool of foul water on the flat ? Well, I went straight off there to drown meself and me sorrows ; but there was a prior claimant in the shape of a poor divil of a bloated dog, arid "', so I thought better of it and drowned tbe ultimatum instead." The End. 