In Normandy. Peasants' Homes and a Haunted Chateau. Wby^ ia it, I wonder tb&t; oho class of humanity is always asking itself what the other claes is doing, bow it lives, and wb&i; Its customs aro ? It was no doubt a curiosity o! this kind that prompted us, the other morning, to drive into the country to visit some of the peae&ntB;* home?, that lie hidden among the Qius, oacK 01 nouigate. True, wo had no invitation to these places ; we did not even know tho farm-owners by name. After all ' aristocrats ' havo very bad manners compared to tbo poor- laboring clcee. This struck mo most forcibly the other day, and 1 felt really aehamed of my self and friendB qb wo boldly entered tbe gateway to the first farm. It would have served us right had we been rudely treated and asked to vacate the premises. As wo approachcd the low, thatchcd-roof building, with tho grape-vines covering a j wide verandah, tho horee-chestnato epresd- ! ing their refreshing shade far over the j house, a moro perfcct picture of comfort could not easily be imagined. Hearing the Bound of carriages, three women made their fippearauce at tbe door, and eeeing wc were ' do grand monde,' as they say here&bouta;, three low eourte3ys were dropped and a moat sordial welcome estc-nded us, much to my re lief and surprise. They were evidently flattered by our visit, and Is. r from cflendid, as I had expected. They wore the rep/ala tion peasants' costume— 2horf. Etirt, v/hito blouse, waials with elcevcs rolled up above tho elbow, long aprons, neat caps, and wooden sabots. One of the young men rang a huge bell at the side of the house, where upon a etable-boy came and led our horses cfl. p.nd tho father and brother cf the family as-i-jted us to alight and led as on to the porch, where tbe y requited ua to rest atvbiU until a light refreshment should be prepared. In a short Fpnce of time a long table was brought out aud p',t before us, cpread with a snowy homespun cloth and laid with quaint old blue china- v.-iiro and glass. Pots of golden honey, of cream, loave3 of black bie&d;, puts of jtllow butic-r, cakes, cream cheese, so celebrated throughout Normandy, cold mcate. and a pitcher of cider, made up the feast. Every member of tho familv wailed upon us, and treated ua no if we wero old and valued friend?, but none of them sat at table with up. We did full justice to this homely faro, after which the interior of the house ivas shown u?, and pccp3 into huge linen* /rcPEe3 voucbsaft-d uf, where piles of bhaehed and unbleached clcin lay ready ns part of the 11 dot'* Jo go with the firafc child leaving the homo nest. The floors in the hcu^s wero all scrubbed to marvellous whitcnes3 and then strewn with a fine white sand; in some of tbo rooms the sand wa3 laid on tho floor to imitate mos-.tc deigns, but the tread cf many f-sefc soon obliterated the* pretf v work. L 'J b The old homestead was most comfcrtable m every respect, and the old-fashioned furnituro in it would have made a collector weep with envy. Large enrved oak armoires, Epmnmg-wheeJs. high-backed chairs, fear post bedsteads, and quaint tables that would have brought their weight in precious metal at some faehionablo auction in tbo capital, were thought nothing of by these people, ex oept as pnocstrBl souvenir fcespsskes. Great quantities of shell-work adorned the wall*, and even made up tho principal bric-a-brac upon the tables and etigfrM. Thofireplneea l'.050.6rcat, generous one3 that take in all the family and do not leavo any one out in the cold, as some of our modern crates are apt to do. ° As we exprc-escd our appreciation of the comfortable surroundings, the faces of both men anL womeu fairly beamed with grati fied piiJe. 3be dairy, et^bles, poultry yard and pig3 Were nszt thown us, and from tha cool, airy mihc-room to the sty in tho back yard, wa3 cne perfect delight of cleanliness, prosperity and plenty. r ' Tbe:0 people aro never idle, and for that ^arpy.: 'key are content with what tucy have, do not envy any one and live lives cf peace and gocd-will to all men. Each face bcars mnrlis cf tbe sunny nature within and our visit to La Breteehe, aa this farci is called, put better thoughts into our minds for days to come, Tho day following our country visit waa a grand fete-day for Houlgate. Baces, a con oert, and a ball at the casino were to be the great features of tho occasion, and about two o'olock wo wero all assembled on the beach to witnees tho raoes. A strange place for races yon will, no coubt, rightly remark, but these were not to be ordinary ones at all, in fact the noblo couiacrB were not to bo two-thirty roadsters in the least, but two-footed r.reat,uro3 of our own species, and little, long-eared donkevs. The beach lay white, Emootli nnd hard, wiih the tide far out. In tho judges' stand were a gay party of women of fashion and well Irnnirn nfi.-mf. PftfTciPn nlnWr. i--» ? ? ? sion of interest on all faces, one would havo fancied that a fortuno waa at ctate, hoi in reality tho prizes consisted of a frold cup for the donkey races, a leather medal anj rising whip for the races to follow. Firat camo the men'a raco in bag', the most comioal eight I over witnessed. Each man waa done up in a large grain-sack up to hi3 waist, and when tbo eignal waa given about thirty, cf theso ridienlou? il'ure^ ' atarted on tho hop, skip and jump; a3 to running that woe ont c! the question, and most of tbo band finally went on all fonra. Next followed the donkey race, the joclioya 'boing gentlemen riders, attired in long, low :_n_ccl;ed, white baby.dresssa with differeat colofe3 aaahca end close caps. The winner of this raco waa to bo ho who 'got ftsreUsi.' As tha bell rang fcr tho start, tho donkeys all Btaited on a dead run, and to clop them was as great a feat as to get them to go at moat times. They seemed to nuder.-ir.nd tho joke, end with ears well np and tails etraight out they rushed madly along. AU the ' whoa-ing' in the world hai no ifloct upon tbo stubborn Iittlo beasts, and tha one that reached tho home-stretch last was only juBt a head behind the others. Of all ridiculous eights this waa indeed tho moBt ludicrous, and tho peals of laughter Irom the lookers-on almost drowned the round of tho sea. After the outdoor sports we adjourned to tho concert-ball and listened to a vory good amateur concert, the procceus cf wbi:h went to tho poor of the village. Tha ball in tho evening waa a Eont brilli ant aflair — in tact one mi^ht easily havo be lieved one's Ec-lt in eomo salon cf the capital had it not been that tho ladies were not decollete and very lew jewels wero worn. The surroundings vrcro moEt beautiful, the ball room represented a trcpioal gardeu,hung with oolorcd lanterns. I tound here a great re laxation from the ufuevI rigid bull-room eti quette of Pitris. Vcuug ladies daDeed more, and it waB not thought ont of place to allow tho samo name to appear even thrro times on eno'a dancing card. At Bupper-timc the chaperon diot not seleot her charge's escort, but left it to li:r own wiso discrimination, only Bitting at the same table in order not to throw off all vigilance. Early hourB aro reepccted hete, for, wonder ful to relate, the French Iadie3 riso at a most reasonable hour, and are often seen at uino o'clock in tho morning dreaded for tho day — no, X should not say for tho day, aa two, threo, and oven four ohangos of toilet are made, and tho thought of ono dress for tho wholo day wouid absolutely soandalise these fashionables. An energetio little Frenchwoman, and quito tho leader of fashion here this season, Mme. do Beaulieu, haa started a most delightful olub for ladies to help pass tho hour. It ia oalled by the queer title ot ' Nous Iteistona' (wo resist), and it is devoted solely to sword and pibtol praotice. We have a notablo teacher from the metropolis, who devotes two boura twico a week to cur meetings. Our olab-room ia a largo tent, ereoted on the beach, and divided 00 into tho fencing-room and tho targot-ranpo, We wear a simple, pretty esitams ot Mac flinntl, made witj - Torltiih trocsrra, rhort tkirt*, and Uoue- 'waiets. Tho stylo ol drcji Icivoi all onL'd tnovrmonta perefctly f rei',- and cnjblta ua to culm it i great caae and grace of posture. Th? eicrcitc 13 mozt delightlul, and we thank Mme. de Beaulieu dtilj fcr her fcrilli ant idea. Soma ono ia alwajs planning i ne^ainusa ment or pastime here, and e.ich day brings forth aomo original ideas to add to the enjoy ment of oar already thoroughly bnttorQy ex iatence. ' Kot long ago a courageous tnrty of city vieitora mado the bold proposition that w& gt should start some evening ti er da:k, and f drive to an abandoned end ruined castla ft which lies eight miles from Houlgal? and is f aupposcd to be haunted. Wc wc:c to tako & our supper with U3, and have a moonlight picnic among tho ruina and wnit till the mystic hour ot twelve o'clock, when the ghoata are e^p.c'cd to walk, before returning homeward. Tnis plan m=t our views most favorably, and about eight o'clock, one even ing last week, the largo coach and several - email carriages started from the villa and from soma of the houses adjoining ours. Tho moon waa just beginning to ahow itself ovor the top of a high 'hill in thn distance, thj night was soft and balmy, and we were all in tho best of apirits, hoping even to meoi tho restless spirit ol tha eld chateau, and making wagers asto wbo would dare go along into the darkest corner ol tho ruin. The drive was only too soon accomplished, and wo clattered into tha court-yard cf the Norman castlo just an ho':r after we lett Dome. Rains are generally pictu-rfque, but soma ? how this ono threw a greatjr chsrm over ul all, with it3 pillars and arches toachcd ti. - Eilver by the moonbeams, than we Ira 1 ex pected. Ono tower of the chateau stood - ' ? almost complete. Time had only covered parts of it with moss and vines, that clam 'bered into every casement and barred every ' doorway, but round about lay heaps of stones and masonry, broken columns and shattered arches, that told a tale ot the years that must ? havo passed over this once magnificent dwel ling. We spoke in lowered tones, and we walked with hushed tread through the crumbling Walls. The bravest of na felt that it would he out cf place to laugh here ; nono of us felt like doubting that soma spirit did haunt the old tower, and I am certain had a bind ot white robsd figures appeared out of the ruins end, begun to dance a Ghastly, old-time reei, none of U3 would have b^cn in the least surpriesd. Some one whispered, 'L't u4 move ou to Eome place that is not ghost-like,' and wo wandsrea on to an open epaco ol ground that tbe kinuly mccn iit i.p most beautifully. Here wa all Eat do-.vn tii Ehav.l:- and rugs. Alter a abort panso, eviry one began talking at cnce, ns it fcehnj li- c necessity of rousing each other from the enchanter's spell which had fallen npon ns. 'Don't think anyone will go back to thai placc at'twelvo o'cloek,' a timid voice epoke out frc-m onr circle, and the remark was an swered with a hearty laugh and frank con fessiona that the ruins and the gho=!s could have it all to themselves at that hour for all we cared ; and to effectually chase away any sombre thoughts that might still fcs -uciiiig in-nr minds.we turned our thoughts supptr- - wards. To alter tha general routine cf French picnics, instead ot having brought everything cooked and prepared, the genii: men had volunteered before leaving home to ? cook all that we would require. A largo lire . was soon started, end every one sst to w;rk . — the ladies to arrange the table, the gentle men to assort their pans and cas:cri-!a, and tha servants to assist here, there, aud every where. It waa great eport, this cooking out ol doora at night, with the moon above ua ' like a great central chandelier, and tho car- . riagc-lamps abont like eo many fire flies at a . fairy feaet. And auch a supper we sat down .- to 1 So wonder Frenchmen are such gj'.tr- - mels if they can all master the culinary art- 1 as perfectly aa our frienda did the other even- ; iag. Chicken a la Borddais, ciab a la crick, ' potatoes a la Richelieu, and oysters e:. - icjuiilts wero only a few of the tilings that made up a most sumptuous menu. . Some* one had bro'nght a guitar, some ont ' else a Bute, and another a violin, and after we had enjoyed our repast, tho musicians of the party suggested an impromptu dancs. Partners were hastily engaged, and np to the stroke of twelve we danced on the smooth greensward to our heart's content. Just as tho last notes of the minute die' away, a white figure appeared on tha tower and blew a long and loud blast irom r. irnr. pet. Wo all Btarted to our feet, white with ter ror and speechless with an untold fear. Bin it was only my rogue of a cousin who had played na thia practical joke. ; 