literature. UNDER THE SHADOW OF CKIME; OB THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUN RAVEtf. By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of 'A Girl in a Thousand,' 'Sealed by a Kiss,' 'By Fair Means,' &o.; fubuibed by special arrangement with thj- antbor. All rigbta reserved. Chapter VL — As U&towabd; Meeting. (Continued.) Clement Donraven bad attained the object of his desires. He was the new baronet, bad got the estates, and was. moreover, the re puted husband of Lady Gertrude ; but oon Boienoe, that makes cowards of us all, lay heavily upon him, and he was in a state of deadly fear. No one could help him but the woman he had so desperately injured, the loving, devoted Idsbeth, and to her he clung with a tenacity that was an agony to them both. The orders contained in the letter Lisbeth had just received were both selfish and cruel. Nor did Clement stop to consider whether he had any right to give orders to one whom he had so wantonly deserted and driven out, like Hagar, into the wilderness. He could not bear, he said, of a shop being taken at present. Liabeth must do nothing to make herself re marked or for people to enquire whence Josh Glendinning'e granddaughter had got her money. There were eyes upon them of which ehe knew naught, searching keenly for the first false Btep wbioh might betray the past. Let a year or two pass and then, all having been quiet, Lisbeth could have a businesd or a house or anything that she liked. During that time, for his sake, lest questions should be utked, ehe must be parted from her child. Let Mra. Ellis have it or any one she could trust, but on no account must she go to Bee it very often. Later on, when the time came for her to have a business, no notice would be taken of her having a waif or stray to live with her, or perhaps, a pretext beiocr found, he might adopt little Lisa himself. There was no knowing what the tide of events might wash up. But for the present Liabeth must be obedient and discreet and for his sake make tbis great sacrifice. He would never forget her devotion nor the tact and courage with which she followed oat his wishes. And at tbe end of this bard one-sided epistle he called her 'his beloved only darling, and signed himself ' her devoted and affectionate Clem.' Lisbeth read the letter straight through twice from beginning to end. It was a wonder she did sot lose her reason as she read, but she had great courage and an unswerving belief in her own capacity for suffering. Had ehe not had this belief how could she have faoed the f nture ''. Having finished a second perusal of the letter she walked on, but no loneer swiftly. AH the elasticity had gone out of her gait, as all the youth seemed Buddenly to have died oat of her face. There was no harry to get back to the Oby road, she thought ; ehe must decide what she ?was going to do before she went back there to be questioned by Mrs. Ellis. Lisbeth loved her child with a savage love which waa more like that of a wild animal for its young than the love of a civilised Christian mother, but notwithstanding her stronglyde veloped maternal instincts she never for a moment fell from her allegianoe to Clement, nor drea tied of disobeying his cruel mandate as many more .educated but less noble women would hare done. Had Lisbeth been lees ignorant she would have known bow impossible was the position in which, by her cunnivance, she and Clement were placed. But if she knew nothing else at least faith and love were etroncr, in her, and she would never let Clement suffer on account of any shrinking from her own share in this world's misery. ' First Clrment, then the child,' she thought as she walked slowly on. ' Poor little Lisa, I undertook that she should 6hare her mother's troubles. She will be only a woman if she lives, and women are born to sorrow. Before ehe regained tbe circus she had de cided to learns Lisa with tecs. Ellis, who loved her. But where ehe herself was going what it would ha best for her to dovshe did not known. Clement had not eent her any money, tbe fact faaing that he wished her to aoiede to his wishes before he did bo. He knew Lisbeth well enough to be aware that if ehe promised to obey him ehe would not depart one fraction from her word, but be was just a little bit afraid of that all-potent attribute, mother's love, of which he had occasionally heard people talk with bo much gush and sentiment. He had, however, sufficient tact not wound her pride by saying, ' 1 will do this or the other if you accede to my wishes,' so be thought it wise to leave money altogether out of die question for the present. Soon being the state of affairs Lisbeth did not know what to expect, but so long as he provided for the child ehe did not can ; her own requirements were few and ehe oould work. All the puwse^sed of her own in ihe wide world was the ooit≥ at Coleshill whore old Josh bad died. She had intended as suon as ehe oould part from Lisa for a few days to go down, sell it op, and bring the relics 4 she oared for up to her shop in London. . Pef&arw; she had better go there for a bit ; bar l prqKmoc &-non$ them onoo more would keep ?a* w^eOolefchill people from talking go much ; tbe ^B ' :«W»etgoai-ip subsided the better for Clement ^K I^Q ^M sooner ehe would nave ber child ^^B *;frfijtmrifi fn her. ^Hrv^SpiinifEhc. to), perchanoeeee Clement if she ^?'W8?»-*pn-o1e-.bill *-.-J her be»S was pining for ^^K^Wgbl Qt bis dt--*r fuoe, but «he did not intend ^^& ;$ji «5ek him out. Fur hu sake shu had oon ^H'Mffpd |D live apart and ehe meet be firm and Having to a certain degree arranged in her eiijipla way thu nttw oomplieatiou that had arisen ia her !if« sbe loaked rouud ia a vague sort of fashion for a return omnibus and for tbe first time became aware that a man was gazing at her. He was a so-called gentleman, of loose morality and bad rnnnn«rs, nor was he of very pr^u.nrsesting 3pp -aranue, though from the »avor he evidently exp.-tt-ii to find with the softer sex he apparently consider^ himself an Adonis. Hu went straight up to Liℶ as soon as he noticed she had at last ruruarkud his admiration— for be had been following her for a lone time — and said, lifting his hat — ' If I em be of any eerviee to you yon have bet to comtuaui me.' ' What do you mean by service? I do not know you,' replied LUbeth in her homely way. ' Acquaintance is easily made. It is the service that is of value,' said the Etranger jauntily. ' Tnank you, I want no service. I can fend for myeelf.' ' A beautiful woman always wants a cavalier and you have lately received a letter that annoys you.' ''Josfc you ba off,'' interrupted Liebeth roughly, her anger rising at what ehe justly considered to be an insult. ' If you doa'fc go at once I'll see if there is nob a poUeemaa about.' Rue the man only smiled. The allusion to a policeman did not: appear to affect him- Pro bably he knew full well that a woman as a role get* thu worst of a street row. And that Liebeth's sharp tongue and rising temper might have involved her in one is very possible had not a champion oome to the rescue. The new arrival on tbe scene was Sir Milan Berkeley, who happened ju-t at that moment to have trapped out of a nan&om;, being abuut to enter a shop clo^e by. Old Josh GieudmninjJ in his younger days had, as w*ll as working his own bis of land, been bailiff to Sir Miles's father ; thus Sir Mi!**; bad known the Gleniinniugs all his life, and he at once recognised Lisbeth. He saw she was being persecuted and at once came forward to ufeip ber out of her riilpmma- Without. however, annarentlv noticing the stranger he cams forward and held oat his band. ' i£ow do youdo?'heeoid. 'lam delighted to meet you; you are the hist person I ex pected to meet in London.' Lisbeth persecutor skulked off. But had the been asked she would have found it diffi cult cj say which troubled her the most, his ohaoxinus attentions or the meeting with Sir Miies Berkeley. Anyone who came from Colesbill or its neighborhood was t-carcely acceptable to Lis beth ad this juncture. Sir Miles ha-i, bow ever, always been very kind to her and hers ; she could not flout him now. She must answer his questions willing';, but with as mush prudence as she hud at comoiand. '1 came to London after my grandfather died.' she said, 'to 6tay with a cousin for a bit, but I am going back to Colesbill in a day or two.' ' Does your cousin live near here?' 'Oh, no, miles away down ia the City roan.' Then she colored up. Had she not bnen foolish in (2 icing even tbis vague address?' ' And you have come up to the Weat-End to see tha worid and the fchope''' ' I came on a little matter of business,' ehe eaid, 'and £ was looking for an omnibus to take me back when ? ' ?'Woen that importunate- fellow molested you, yes, I saw it and was glad to come to tbe resonu, nor must you yet be left to your own devices ; he has walked away, but I doubt if he is very tar off. Suppose yiou come with me into a reetaurant aad have some luccheon ; I am famishing if you are not.' 'Oh .' tbank you, Sir Miles, bat ? ' 'lnobuts at 'all, MLjs Glendinninej. While we are having luncheon I will tell you chn Co!oshill news. There, I am «ure that will bo an attraction. Tt would not have occurred to Sir Mili-s to call Lisbeth by her Christian name because she W&-; an inferior whom he bad known sll his life ; but the appetiation. iliss (jrlend inning, made her l^l very hoi ana uncomfortable. Sbe was not Mis^ Gleadinnin^ einoe she wasOlement Duaraven'e wife, yet she dared make no protest. She followed Sir Miles into the restaurant eince he seemed to wish it, but ehe felt like one in a dream and wondered where circum stances were leariiug her aad how her strange history would end. Sir Miles ordered s. succulent repast. He was, however, disappointed at finding Lisbeth did not appear to enjoy it as he had expected. He had alwayt knoivn her as a cherry jolly sort of girl, quite ready to appreciate tbe good things of lifn ; ho could not therefore under stand the chaDcr« that had apparently come over her. Surely ber grandfather's death could not have afflicted her to this extent He talked away pleasantly to her, while in reality he was thinking the matter over, and told her many a scrap and stray of Culeshill news. Most of the litsle seeming nothings he related cutting her to the very quick as if they had been sharp knives in a manuer that would have bad made kindly Sir Milea's heart; very Borry bad be guessed it. Above all, while he talked he was consider ing what he could do ti help her. He did not; quite sse what ehe was going to do when ehe went bauk to that lonely cottage or how she was going to make a livelihood, for he knew full well that her grandfather had left her nothing but the house itself and the little bit of ground it 6tood on. He knew also — what few people knew — that Lisbeth'a father was alive. Old Joan had always given out thad he was dead and Lisbeth an orphan, for Jim Glendinning was a blackguard of the deepest dye and was serving his time as a convict in an Australian colony. Josb. had always con fided iu Sir Miles's father, hence the present baronet's knowledge of and interest in the affairs of the Glend tunings. Perhaps since old Jooh'a death Lisbeth had discovered that her infamous father was alive, and it was\ this thab was troubling her He would not, however, ask her the question lest should still be in ignorance. So there was nothing to be doue but to try and help her practically and quietly. ' When you return to Coleshill what do you mean to do ?' ho asked at last rather suddenly, aud Lirtbeth looked very hot and ahy aa she stammered out that eha did not know. ' Would it sot be as well to sell or let the cottage and take a situation?' he asked. 'Lady M^rcia Foljatube or Lady Gertrude Dnnraren would, I am sura, interest them selves in obtaining one for you.' Lisbeth ehiverfid from head to foot, as if a sudden gust of cold wind had entered the room in which she tat. Lady Gertrude Dan raven interesting herself for her ; great hea vens, it wm more than the could bear 1 She managed, however, to suppress her emotion and to say — ' I do not know if I could go to service. I am not accustomed to other people's ways, and I have never been trained.' ' You are not too old to learn, and you are clever and quick,1' he eaid, laughing. ' Bat have you formed no plan for your future life?' '? Perhaps I might nurse sick people or take in children to bring up. I should like to stay on at the cottage, but it all depends on ? ' 'On what?' he asked, etill thinking she had learnt about ber father, whereas she was thinking of Clement. ' Well, on a hundred and fifty things,' she answered. I can settle nothing until 1 sret home and have righted the old place up a bit. But it is very kind of you. Sir Miles, to interest yourself in me, and I feel truly grate ful to you.' ' You will let me help you— if I can V he enquired, speaking earnestly. 'Remember we are very old friends. I can recollect yon as a tiny child when you used to ride about on old Josh's back. Promise you will let me help you.' The tears came into Lisbeth'e eyee. ' If ever you can help me I promise to ask you,' ebe said, 'but I expect I shall just have to work on like other women. Now I think I must be going. I have already taken up too much of your time.' She rose as she spoke and putting on her gloves while Sir Miles paid the bill they left the restaurant together. Oaoe in Oxford-street they both unthink ingly looked round to see that bur importunate waylayer waB not in sight. He had departed, in nil probability never again to cross Liabeth's path ; bat someone far more to be feared in the future met them face to face and stopped to speak in a jeering tone. The new-oomer was Pierce Vaugh&n.; Chapter VIL — Raising a Ghost. It is the month of rose*. Glorious sunny June. Tbe gardens round Aboyne Court are radiant with perfume and the house, too, is filled with sweet fragrance, for Lady Gertrude worships beauty in all its forms and roses ate her especial passion. Curious o\d china bowls from almost every Jcdojtd pottery manufacture, both in aad out of Europe, stand about in unexpected nooks and cornHrs and are filled everywhere with the queen of flowers. But in the library is the greatest profusion. It is Lady Gertrude's favorite roam, aa it was Sir Louis', perhaps for the reason that it is the «unnit*-t ia tha bouse and -from it French windows open on to a terrace, beyond which lies the lawa and a panorama of fertile eoeuery stretching far away for miles. The library is scarcely, however, the staid, bookworm y room it was bafore the old baronet died. With new heirship have come nuw ways aad Sir CU'mwnt professing himself to be absolutely indifferent as to what ouanjftw kre made, Lady Gwtru le bos filled the room wich her woman's kniok keaclct, almost to the obliteration of the ponderous tomes which still hold their own on the bookshelves. It is in the library that Lady Gertrude receives her intimated for 5 o'clock ten. the drawing room being reserved for gala days, of whiuh a-- y«c there had bten none. Sir Cement is averae to auy large gathering, giving ae an «xousa the plea that it is too eooa as yet after bis uncle's death for them to invite their friends, except quite quietly. In tbis no onb can gainsay bias, yet it is scarcely Ciement Dan raven's real motive for objeociog to society. Tbe fact is he is a changed man eince bis marriage, is perpetually startmg at shadows, and tbe intercourse with his fellows in which he used to delight now frightens him. He skulks about the grounds for the mo&t; pare alone and is the very shadow of tbe once genial Clement, in spice of hie aoce*aion to wealth and tale and the tact of his bemg tbe p o^eseor of the m-iet charming little wife in all the country -vide. Esvryone notices the chance, even Lady Gertrude, bo backward as a ru'e to think tbere is aught amiss wiih ber Clement. Th«j- are standing togt-th»?r at the library window, iookingouiover those broad aoree which are all bis no*. Her band is on nie shoulder, her pretty eyes ure looking up into his face. ''Wijat ails you, Clem darling, I feel sure that you have name worry ? Why not ooo fide in your own Gerty ? Yon will uever have a truer or muro sympathetic) friend than your wife.' 'There is nothing; tbe matter, Gerty. I have told you a hundred times. What a nuisance it ia to a.-k thee« foolish question.' She shook her bead aud pretended not to see the irritability of matmer by which these words were accompanied. ' You are d^ctiving me, you naughty dar Hag. If nothing is worrying you why are not you cheery and laughing as you used to be!' 'I suppose boria-aix; I hnve responsibilities now which I baii not then. One cannot always be a boy, my chiid. A pood deal depends on my now which I bad nuD to think of a few months ago. You forget that I am a maid Benedick.' She turned from him with a pout. 'That is jusfc ic. You are eorry you married me an-i you never erase regretting it.' What could h*t say? How answer thin uu expected outburfat. Was it not the truth ? Hirf answer bom^vvliac astonished her, it seemed to come so really from hia heart. 'Gerr.y, n-.-v--r, u«v^r eay tha.t avtua. Unless \ou with to make me too horribly unhappy never upbraid uio by aayiug 1 regret tbe day I married you.' And yet, did he not regret it more and more, each hoar he iived ? Ay. regretted ie th« morv intensely because he was learning to love after ata^tiion this 'ittinsy, bawioching little Ger trude, who loved him eo well. The was not tbe passionate desire of his heart, as had been Lisbeth, nor could be ever feel that ardent longing for auy other woman ; etill, he loved sweet Gererud^. And by the strange anomalous crookedness of his nature it was Lisbetb not Gertrude whom he had of late bej;un to regard as tho intruder. If the truth ever cams out he would lose Gertrude — there lay hi9 fear. He could trust Lirtbath, ay, to the death ; then why need be quake? Yet it would b» better if she were dead — she and h»r child, whose existence was such a reproach and re morse to him. Coulil he bo a really happy maa until i.bey were both laid in their graves. Each day he was more and more impressed with the feeling that release from suffering would only come with their deaths aud yet there seemed no chance of either of them oyinjj- They were both well and strong. H« must bear hie burden as lightly as be could aad make life as happy as passible for tbe dear confiding little wife who had trusted him so completely that ehe had asked no questions about bis past. It was therefore a terrible ehosk to him to discover that she fancied he regretted his marriage. He did not regret id ; was not Lady Ger trude the woman in the right place far more fitted to be cbacolaiuo of Aboyne Court tbac the lowly Lisbeth? Ho cotild be perfectly happy and contented with his lot if fear aad remorse, those twin demonesses, would not ob trude themselves so freely and render hit- life one longagooy. Aud if Gertrude's voice were to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceaslesa reminders life would become utterly unbearable. lienoe the sharp cry be utteied in answer to her suspicions. Sbe knew at once that she had wounded him and tears of sorrow and repentance came into the eyes that gazed into bis. ' My Clem, my beloved,' she eaid, ' forgive me. It was mere foolishness that made me speak so. You have spoilt me until I have grown reckless of speech and taunted you with what I know does not oxi^t. 1'orgive me — you will?' Her arms were about his nock and his head drawn down to her level, so that she could im print a loving kies on his lips when the door opened and tbe burly butler announced — ' Mr. Pierce Vaughan.' Always, as usual, on tbe wrong snot at the wrong moment, Pierce Vaughan walked in with the stereotyped Mephistophelean smile which usually irradiated his sinister counts nance. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To bo caught spooning by Pierce Vaughan was another drop added to Clement'* cup of bitters, while Lady GerDrude, who owing to his assumed air of superiority was always a little bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under she conviction tbat ho was laughing at her for being a little fool. So he was, but for a very different reason to any little Lady Gertrude would ever have gueesed. He did not appear to have noticed anything unusual on his entrance and held out his hand to the present owners of Aboyne Court with much apparent cordiality, ' We have not Been you lor some time, Pierce.' said Sir Clement) a little drearily. ' Where are you staying ? ' At Lady Maroia Foljambe's. She is the only individual ab^ut here who ever invites me now Sir Louis is dead.' ' What a reproapli,' cried Lady Gertrude, ' unmerited too. for we have been away so much and are scarcely settled here even now. Of course, you know you as welcome now as you were in Sir Louis' time. Are you not Clement's cousin ?' She looked round at ber husband expecting him to endorse this almost gushing welcome, but ehe was disappointed by the very cool manner in which La said — ' Very fded to see you, Pierce.' He would not have said it at all if be bad not been absolutely compelled and no one knew this better than Pierce, although be smiled and showed his white teeth aud to all outward appearanoe Accepted in all good faith the very general invitation that had been given him. For a few minutes they all three talked cor dially enough on topics of interest in connec tion with their neigobors. Thun, Lady Ger trude having rung for tea. Sir Clemen l- rose when it came in aad said, not being a tea drinker he would leave Pierce to h«r tender mercies as he wished to give his bailiff some orders before the men left off work. Had Sir Clement Dunraven been a man who thought seriously before he acteu be would pro bably not have been weighted by the heavy load of trouble which now oppressed him and very certainly it was not the least foolish thing be evef' did when he left Pierce Vaughan alone with Lady Gertrude, not that Pierce had any idea of making love to her, although he had professed himself to be one of her suitors before her marriage. He was far too careful a man to commit himself by a flirtation with another man's wife, but there are other ways of ruining oemjucal peaoe besides lovemaking. He had had along walk and was rather tired, he remarked, and the lady having nothing to do but amuse and be amused they settled themselves down for a good chat about everything and everybody. What Pierce Vauffhan said he would pro bably never have said if the opportunity had not been as it were made for him. He cer tainly had had no intention of doing more than what he called 'look up his relations' when he starred for a visit to Aboyne Court. Clement Dunraven had given him one lead by going indiscreetly away; Lady Gertrude gave him a second by an unwary question. ' Do you not think Clement is very changed and looks as if he bad some terrible worry ?' she asked as she h&nded; him his second cup of tea. ' I have seen very little of him since bis marriage,'' replied Mr. Vaughan, 'but I oannot help recognising the tact that he is chanced.' ' He says it is the responsibility of feeing a landlord that weielis upon him.' ' Oh ! I should not have given Clement credit for haviDg scruolee.' 'What do you mean? All oonscientiona people must have scruples at times.' 'And you consider Clement to be very con scientious — conscience is not ae a rule a highly developed masculine quality.' ' Oh, Mr. Vaughan ! How can yon talk so?' He laughed cynically. ' Believe me, Lady Gertrude, we are all sad doge, and I don't fancy Oiem is any better than the re*t of us. At any rate be never used to be. What reformations you have brought about of course I am no judge of, but for the prbsunt I am not inclined to believe in them.' Lady Gertrude looked very serious and for a moment or two did not epeak, then she said — '1 wonder whit, you mean, and I wander now what 'Clement meant when he told me on the evening when he asked me to be hia wire that he was not a man I ought to trust, and that if I did so it was at my own risk}' 'Clement told you thU?' And Pierce Vaoghan eeemed exceedingly surprised and momentarily startled out of bis tang /raid he unconsoiouely drew his chair a few paced nearer bis hostess. ' He did. But why does it astonish you eo much '?' ' I did pot think— well, to tell the troth, I did nod think b* would have dared.' 'Not dare Co tell me. You forget he was asking me to be bin wife.' ''There are borne episodes in a man's life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last pt-raon to be told of. I, for instance, should never have made any reference) to Clement's past if he bad not dona so himself.' ' You know then, know that there ia some thing worry:: :' .. ,ent and about which he will not be i.:i..icit.' ' I can imagi1'* tbot ib nwy be so.' ' And you will tell me v.'hat is is. so that I may u?e ail the n:taue in try power to remove this annov&uoe.;' ' You f ' ' Do not say you in that tone, Mr. Vaughan. Is it &o; very strange that I should wish to make my husband happy V ' Impossible. It is quits impopsible for you to do aiiythinc in tuii? mac tor. Beside*, uolesu Clement tells you the wholn truth himself I will certainly not do eo, I could not betray confidence.' ' [ will a«k him the firtt time I have an opportunity,' ehe said naively, as though ehe fuily expected that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. Pierce Vaugnan boh led and wondered what sort of an explanation heresqnirieg would call forth. Very certaialy he himself could uot hkve given a full ouu, since he knew no more of Clement's affairs than tfr-at to which tome auspicious pointed. It was -therefore not only wi&e; but imperative tbat fa-a should deal in inuendoes. ?Tht-r® was a letter onoe,' went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to herself. ' I would not read it ; it came tne day before our marriage.' ( ' A letter !' And in epi'je of himself a blush spread over his usu-illy pallid face. Stw did not i.otice, however. She was too mach. engrossed by the £ubjf-ct chat was so near to her. ' Yes, it was ⁢?nv& by a woman— I forget tho came — and waa accompanied by one from wi anouyuioucs weil-wjtsher. I gave them u- Clement and he burnt them both. You see I could not in hooor &cc;&pb; any anonymous eoruruuaieation. Fancy eetciog euch a low cowardly warning iu the dark agaiust Ciemeut's truth.' ' And h« t- xplained the rmtter ?' '* Of coarse. He oaid ail meo had had thi-ir youthful eseap.idfcrv — that he wtws uo better or worte r.han others. Just what you say your self. Sir. Vaughan. that it does non do lor * wi'8 to pry too closely. I am fcure I a:a noo curioua an:l if Cieirieut did uot looli no uu bappi' and worried I thoulc1 not &-iX a fliuirle question abuut. bis past. 1 -lo wish you would ht-Ip me to pus everything quite ritfho for hiui.:l 'I would do a great csal for you. Lady Gertrude, but in this mattei- I do not eee bow I can help you Y-m are evidently not aware tbat Clenmut, although h«i in iny first cousin, et'teitaius no friendly ftelinp towards me. Why, I e.innot say, since we have been more or l(S*s broneht up together, uul--&s; from tii« fa.ut that I ka-iv mare about hu affairs than quite pleases hiDJ.' ' I »dj *ure Clement would nriver dislike you for this if you ure trood aod kind to him,1' cried Lady Gertrude warmly. Pierre Vau^hna shrogaed. hia fihoulders. 'There is u^:ha.(ja another rea-on,' he eaid, ' why ClHineut dona not especially affect me. You know tne old lines — Korcii'enes8 to tb-' i»j jrerf doe? helovg, Bui those ne'er pardon 'ho hive -lnne the wrong.' ' And how does that, aopiy to Clementi?' ' If Cieni had not undtraiined my position with my uucle I should no-, be the paupar I am to-day.' ''Ob, Mr. Vaughaa, how unjust; Clement is incapatile of doing- such a cniug. I have h«-ard him several times express fcia regret that you had cot a larger ^uin jf money Jefs you and that he Ehould like to make it up.' ' Mere words, dear Lidy Gertrude. It is very likely that he would give money up to mo when hs married you in order to pet) this place and the fortune. Sir Louis insisted ou tbe marriage, if be bad refuted he would have been tKv.nhoiited.' Lady Gei-ljrude became crimson, then deadly pale, so much so that Pierce got frightened and thought he bad gone too far and hastily b.-j.-sn eating hce worde. ' I don't eay he did not care for you, dear Lady Gertrude, what mau could do other wise ? ' ' Enough, Mr. Vanghan,' cried Lady Ger trude, drawing hf-rseJf up with dignity, ' wh have already talked too much abuut Clement aud hie affaira.' This wound to her seif-piide reminded her k'-'Hiily of bur wifely duty. He forth cn#iaecepted fch* dismissal of the subject. H« knew as well an she did tbat enough bad been said to leave a far deeper wound than Lady Gertrude b;id any idea of ; only ono thins; mofa he must do, he must) take care of himself. He ruse to take his leave, as she gave him her hand he bent over id — ' I will never say another word about these matters,' be said 'unless you begin the con versation and I do hope you will make me one promise.' ' What ia it?' 'Never to tell Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow further dissension between us by giving him cause to dislike me. I spoke in eonfideuee, wliich I already regret, since I am striving my utmost to forg'.va Clement any injury he may have done mo «.nd I do so winh that we may all be good friends — you will promise.' ** I promise, Mr. Vaughan. I would not make any mischief between you and Clement for all the world.' He kissed the little band he still held and without further observation went away to stroll back across the fields to Lady Marcia Foljambe'is. For a long half hour after he left her Lady Gertrude eat very utill and looked as white and seared fts if she had seen a ghost. And so, indeed, ehe had — a ghout that would sbalk by ber eide, nor leave her during the rest of her pii grimace. Oa.n t.hftr© r»A a rlrparifr or mom p.hnp.rl*»sft companion of our way than suspicion of one we love. One, too, that stickoth close, tor neither by night nor day does the treacherous fear ever desert us. Wheu Pierce Vaughan introduced tbis ever stalking fiend into Lady Gertrude's until now happy confiding life was he noo committing a moral murder tbat should bo subject as an actual one to the utmost rigor of tbe law? Nor was be any the happier for his base inuendoes, to judge from his face and look as he sauntered slowly across tbe fields. He bad sown the seed of dissension tbat might bring Clement Dunraveu's ruin, yet be scarcely felt the Satanic triumph he expected. It was rather a nauseous feuiiug of dread lest be himself ehould be caught iu his own net that pursued him and made him almost regret &hat; be had been beeuiiud moo this talk with Lady Gertrude. Theu he roused himself with a strong effort and tried to rid hi rase! f of the oppressive fears, for was be not playing for a hierh stake? Sir Louis Dunraven's will -was. a strange one. No one knew its power and falue better than Pierce Vaughan, rich as he was in lawyer-like acumen. The contents of the will bad been, by Clement's desire, kept concealed from Lady Gertrude, or ehe would have known what she had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboynn Court and its concomi tant fortune if hu had not married the oniy daughter of the Earl of Melbory. The marriage had taken place and the dis posal of the old baronet's fortune had been arranged — Sir Miles Berkeley being executor — with the family lawyer ; what need was there then for Pierce Vaughan to meddle ? Sir Louis had bean clever enough not to make Pierce an executor, since he foresaw tbat there might) be trouble between the cousins. lie had merely left him ££(.000 es a legacy, which Pierce regarded an a mare pittance ; and made no further mention of his name. Like many another clever man Sir Louis bad considerably overshot his mark in tbis will. All his wisdom Eeemed to have gone forth in making honest Sir Miles Berkeley his executor, he did not Beem to realise that, as circum stances alter oases, tho positions of the two cousins would change and that bad blood, unless they were absolutely, sainte, muet be the outcome of this testamentary document. There was yet another clause in the will more perplejcing and calculated to produce greater difficulties than that of the enforced marriage, it was to the effect that, should Clement Dunraven at any time become divorced from Lady Gertrude by any fault of bis own, the estates wore to pass away from him to his son and heir if'he had one, if not to Pierce Vanghan as the next of kin. Sir Lonis Dunraven, with all his shrewdness, had scarcely taken the measure of hits pet nephew, bis Bister's son, or he would scarcely have left such an instrument in the hands of a man as sordid and ouurting as was Pierce Vaughan. Base and degenerate as had been Clement Dunraven'* act be was by nature not nearly so wicked a man aa bis cousin. Clement's vices were the result of weakness, be oould not resist temptation, whereas the other had a special facility for conducting intrigue and given a sufficient time for development would probably not stop at crime. Up to the present moment, however, Clement had outwitted hie clearer-headed cousin, for he was far from discovering the secret of what was really darkening the life ot the present owner of Aboyne Court. About half & mile from toe bouse the two men passed each other, only a hedge between them, bat neither wished to speak. Pieroe felt keenly alive to the mischief he had done his cousin during the last half hour and Clement never cared to look Vaughan in the fane. He was always afraid of how much he knew aad to * certain extent gave him credit for guarding a sileuce which be most assuredly would not have maintained for tan minutes. Whether he felt as sure about this silence wbbn he reached home and found Lady Get trude looking pale and somewhat red about ber pretty eyes is doubtfuL But he oould not learn tbe cause of her de pression. She would not give her new suspicion words. It was as jet too young to be altogether a tangible form ; she must wait and watch. - Meantime she was tender »nd loving to her Clement. She would not bajprtjodiced against him aimply on Pieroe Yatuthajt^s testimony, for. womanlike, though mkm'iisimat she bad almost believed him f&la;^ jjb'^Wer did she r look into his face than her heart went forth to him and gbem»d to tell ber that he was true. Still from that hour hen-eforth their relations must be somewhat strained aud however much tfcttderaess for each other might at times bubble up into their hearts yet the ghost would never be laid. On the table in the library, near where Lady Gvrcrudfe pat, some letters had been placed by thu footinaa wheu he removed the tea. They were all addressed to Sir Clem-nt, and one of them was in the handwriting of Lisbeth Glen dinning. At firet Sir Clement guiltily thoupht that this letter mi^ht have occasioned bis wife'.-' trouble, that she had recognised Beta's writing * He tore it open, angry with Lisbeth for E-ending to him thus openfy, but having read the tnUsive his brow cleared aud he tossed it to Lady Gertrude. (To be continued.) 