€mmb0. Zoo. Waftn. Bombs. Ingrats. Outrage. Swimming. Cyclorama. Continentals. Another oval. Monster squirt. Providential fall. Ophir at Albany. Central, 1,816 oz. Egyptian worries. Block 14, 7,456 oz. Block 10, 6,715 oz. Hungry and angry. Gold fever still high. Tiptop Fire Brigade. Old England in for it. Proprietary, 250,284 oz. Unemployed increasing. The almighty ballot bo*. Bloodthirsty Anarchists. Boys' Field Club on page 6. The evolution of pessimism. Norwood wants an Auditor. Hopefuls rushing westward. Ophir expected on Monday. Coolgardie the place fot gold. Grocers' picnic on Wednesday Dr. Cookburn off to Maoriland". Gentle nibbing down ail round. Kent problem the greatest of alt The Mayor sympathetic but firm Napoleon's ghost is to die era long. Lo Ben's many wiveB in mourning' Retd is putting Dibba in the •hade*. Tom on the hunt for aoaly oranges! Is Kingston a truly true Democrat' ' Collapse ot a bridge at Strathalbyn! Barometer at 11 o'olook to-day 29.80. Soorchers scorched by Hugh Kalypfcus. Taming South Park Lands into enovj. Children's Hospital Sunday on March 4. Compliments for Superintendent Booker. Annual outing of the grooers near at ham) An Anarchist " hoist with his own petard"" Swimming matches at the Semaphore todty. Cyolorama one shilling from 10 a.m, till 5 p.m. i Old Tom has a little job with the eras so scale. w^ 8 * TO08E8 "" gC " DS h * T8 » d »y out next Mr. Booker's scheme appeals to common sense. A fire in London at the Continental, tonigbt* To let, the Town Hall, but not te a do., noose* A cross between a fox terrier and a navhound. * B King Lo Bengula dead. Peace to hia ashes ! Several harvest thanksgiving servioei to. morrow. The Mediterranean beautifully illustrated to-night. France has yet another grievance with England. Would the Town hall dossers like the uaa of the organ? Sensational disclosures at that inquest on 1 Mr. Paisley. Providence watching ant the Greenwioh Observatory. What a scene the Town Hall would present as a "shelter." Cricket, Lawn Tennis, Cyoling, and Aquatic Notes on page 6. - Y.M.C.A. song service at Theatre Royal tomorrow evening. Labour settlement^ in Victoria ara absorbing the worklesa. What sort of working mea's blocks would Beefacres make? Those fountains at Waterloo are worth going a long way to see. J. D. Tolmer to be tried at the Port Augusta Criminal Sittings. Signs that Sir John is repenting of the Protection heresy. Light Monument respectfully waiting lor the Queen's statue. The warnings against a rush to Coolganiie are not much heeded. Suburban Corporations too fond of Isolation in regard to fire risks. The alleged " Labour" paper hootaiJ, - And yettbsstarsaiOHTi^alL The Fire Brigade oould have Mopped that procession with the horn. Amerioa finding it a hard struggle to cast off the yoke of Protection. Mrs. E. W, Ofeham and Mr. R, Nitaohke at the Continentals to- night. Would they like hammocks or stretohers in the Town Hall does-house? It is expected that the Wesleyan Conference will vote in Favour of union. A permanent Registrar-General will not be appointed till the end of the year. Did the Premier get the Doctor to sign an undertaking to return without fail. For the low fire insurance premiums, we will aay good thinga of Mr. Booker. Will the Friendly Societies be satisfied with an Actuary imported from Victoria ? Another ma&s; meeting of the unemployed at North Adelaide to-morrow afternoon. The amiable Dootor will sure to charm the NewZealandera, especially the ladies. Sun rose at 5.37 a.m., eets at 6.52 p.m. Moon set at 1.34 a.m., rises at 5.8 p.m. Did anarchy hope to ahift the meridian by blowing down Greenwich Observatory ? Superintendent Booker would like to look after a radius of ten miles round Adelaide. Premier Patterson declares that his Government has solved the unemployed problem. A Vice-President presented a gold watch for a sculling race to the Norwood Boating Club. " No true reformer need ever be ashamed to work at any honest avocation." True, Jinks. Walter Bentley will recite " Tam o' Shanter" at the Town Hall conoert on February 26. Mr. Kingston's reputation was a great inducement to the unemployed to come to Adelaide. To-day the fourth round oft cyoling contests will be run off over the usual twenty-mile course. The British Ministry refuse to make a martyr of an "insignificant" unemployed agitator. The smoke sooial in connection with the Norwood Boating Club last night was very successful. The German Emperor reoently issued an order against officers of his army using single eyeglasses. Were the Mayors of Norwood and Hindmarsh at that fire demonstration yesterday; and if not why not ? Good personal character after all comprehends everything; with it sooial injustices would be impossible. Messrs. Darling & Son, the well-known wheat merchants, have run rings round their Victorian competitors. How the fair voters of New Zealand will long to keep the " all-things-to-all- men andwomen" Doctor among them. Adelaide Oval—Norwood v. South Adelaide, Hindmarsh v. Austral; Kensington Oval—Adelaide v. Port Adelaide. " Laziness, idleness, and dissipation would soon forge chains strong enough to hold in servile bondage a nation of giants." Every wheat vessel loaded and to load from Victorian ports this season has been chartered and will be dispatobed by an Adelaide firm. A children's night at the Continentals on Monday next from 7 till 3. Gates open at 6.30. Admission for adults andchildren, fid. From good to indifferent, thence to bad, then to worse, and only darkness ahead. -^South Australian political history, as read by Imperialistic Sir John. The (jueen of Italy has founded a Society for the reformation of ragged street children. They are to be taken' from the gutter and taught some useful trade. A little more courtesy in the drafting of Treasury minutes and less "atandingon their dignity" on tbe part of the Marine Board would prevent all the friction. "Do yon hear die children weeping, Onurbrothers, , Ere the sorrow comes with years 9 They are leaning their young heads against their mothers. And that cannbt stop their tears." 