THK NOVELIST A MISSING HEIRESS.1 CHAPTER II. While Herman was in England, it had not been so bad of course. His visits had been something for them to look forward to. But now it really was terrible lonely and terribly dull for a young creature who had ail Imr life before her and nothing to anticipate but a perpetual rcpition of tho same uninteresting round, broken only by the arrival of the Indian mail or by a little mnBic when Bho came up to Hillside and stayed for a onp of tea and a chat. Climbing the hill made poor little Phyllis breathe faster than ever, but to go and see Mrs. Darbiaher was her only pleasure. She did not talk much about Herman, or say muchr in answer to his messages ; but she listened to all that 'his mother said, and treasured up his words, repeating them over and over again to herBelf as she loitered down the hill in the long light summer evenings or hnstoned home when the days ' began to draw early. The third winter after Herman went away was an unusually severe one. There were wcoks when Phyllis could not leavo the house at all ; and she caught cold ono even ing in coming from tho church, and was laid up with an attack of bronohitiB which left her moro delicato than over. The poor ohild looked liko a ghost for weeks after wards ; but, when Mra. Darbiaher questioned Doctor Mead about her, ho only shook his head. What could ho Bay but what he had said so many times before 1 A change was what Miss Dovcreux wanted — a change to Sunshine and warmth and an equable olimate ; and that was what all his medicino bottles could not supply her with. Mrs. Darbiaher was so distressed by Fhyllis's wan looks that she began to take oounsel with herself, and to wonder whether she could not contrive somehow to carry the eirl off to Italy or the South of France before tho March winds set in. It would _ pot be easy to manage, she knew. Her income was but a nartow one, and out of it she was trying to save n little for Herman ; besides which, alio suspected Air. Devereux of being quite as proud as he was poor, and felt that he would bo likely enough to resent what he might consider an attempt at patron age on her part. But after all, Phyllis and she were such old friends ; and wub the girl to settle down at her ago into a con firmed invalid, merely because iter father was such an uncomsortable sort of old person to get on with ? Mrs. Darbislier had the good luck, ns sho felt it, just then to catch a severe cold in her turn ; and she determined to profit iiy the occasicT When Dootor Mead came to see her, sho told him between her sneezes that she meant to prescribe for herself, and that she was convinced that nothing short of a journey to tho Riviera or Pyrenees would do her the slightest good. 1 1 am going to ask Miss Devereux to take care of me on tlio way,' she said, smil ing at her old friend ; so please go and tell everyone in the village how bad poor Mrs. Darbisher is, and that you have ordered her change of air as soon as she iB able to travel.' The Dootor's eyes grew Boft under their shaggy white eyebrows. ' I will tell as many lies as you like,' ho answered calmly. ' And tho soonor you start the better my dear madam.' They were in the middle of February 'then; and the weather was so unusually mild for the time of the year that Phyllis Devereux was able to go out again ; and her first walk was naturally to Hillside to see her friend, who was still confined to the house with the influenza. It was tlio day for the Indian mail to como in, sho reinoui- bored, as she went slowly scross the fields and under the beeches where she had so often walked with Herman — where, as she sometimes thought, with a sick dull pang, she wonld never walk with him again. She looked round her as she stopped now and then to rest. In tho bare brown hedge rows Lent lilies were shyly blowing, the pale blao sky looked through tho black network of bare branohea overhead, a soft little wind was ruffling her hair and stirring last year's leaves under her feet as sho walked. How good it was to be out once more. While she was ill, sho had been afraid morn than once that she must die without seeing Her man again. But she had tried very hard to live ; and, now, after all, she was on her way to Hillside once more. If she could only get quita strong again. It was so dreadful to he afraid of every breath of wind that blew and to be always in danger of one's life. Death I To die I To be dead I The girl said the words slowly and half aloud ; they sounded horrible. Only that morning, in the ' Times ' sho had road among the deaths the name of that of Sir George Devereux which alio remembered seeing once before. Had he found his daughter 1 she wondered now and the thought crossed her. How hitter it must be to dio and leave some one you love behind, perhaps to forget you, perhaps to care for some one elsa Phyllis shuddered and began to walk more quickly, trying to forget what she was thinking about. She was tired already, but she conld not wait any longer to rest ; it was so many days Binco she lmd scan Airs, Darbisher — 1 Aludsie, ' as she always called her — and the Indian mail was in. There had been no letter for her this time, bnt she Baid to herself that she was sure to have one next month. Herman never failed to write in time for her birthday — the thirtieth of Alarah. It would ho her third birthday since ho had sailed. She was eighteen when he went away, and in a few weeks more he would he twenty-one. \- ' Twenty-one I Tho poor child sighed. How old it seemed) She looked a very childish little thing still howovor, though she was soil early a woman, nnd her delicate protti- ' neia 'was almost unchanged. In her neut thread baro gown and with her sleek brown / . hair she atill reminded one irresitihly of a " little, brown bird or of a little pale flower — , of something — anything — frail and fine that needed cherishing. It was only in her big ' soft browii eyes that any shadow was visible of ttie "pain. that was always aching, soiling III tfiq girl's heart and giving her no reat by vjjjfllit'or day. Xfra. Darbisher scolded her for cpming so far Ihe first time ; but Phyllis did not mind being scolded when she was nestling in the soldier's arms, with her tired little head on her breast. And then Mrs. Darbisher's voice was like Herman's. Phyllis used to like to shut her eyes and listen as his mother talked ; when sho did, sho could almost fancy somotimcs that Herman wob back with her again. And his mothor had a look liku him too. A handsome stately woman she was in her gown of invariably black, though her eyes were gray and not blue like his. ' I could not keep away,' th- girl said now. ' It is my turn to nurse you, Mudsie.' _ All the feoling Phyllis had left Bho had given to Herman's mother. Her full capa city for loving and suffering— and it was great— was concentrated on one person only, but she liked to be potted by AlrB. Darbisher, Bhe felt contented, at rest always in the pretty friendly old rooms at Hillside, whoro everything reminded her of Herman, and where she felt herself surroundod by a delightful atmosphere of tenderness and old memories. She asked with earnestness about Mra, Darbisher's cold, though she was "think ing all the timo of Herman's letter. Had it como 1 What did ha say this timo 1 Was there a message for her 1 1 What does Doctor Aload say, Aludaic V she Baid, letting Mra Darbisher take oil' her hat and jackot and instal her in her particu lar chair, by tho firs. ' How soon does he think you will bo well 1' I Aly darling child, Doctor Alcad is an old angel,' Airs Darbisher returned cheerfully. 1 And he has given mo the most enchanting prescription you can imagine. What do you think it is.' Phyllis shook her head with a rather absent smile. She was still thinking of the letter which for once Herman's mother seemed to have forgotten. I I cannot guess,' sho said ; 1 1 have no idea.' 'Phyllis, you unsyrapathetio little thing,' Airs. Darbisher cried indignantly, who was making the tea, and looking very handsoma and comfortablo in spite of her cold, ' I have a good mind not to tell you. But' — relenting — ' as this is your first day out of doors — — Now what do you say if I told you I was going to Sun Homo or to Pau for the rest of the winter V ' Aludsie, you are going away 1' the girl said, with a kind of terror. ' Oh, Aludsie — not really 1' The colour died out of hor cneeka 1 Indeed I am,' giving Phyllis her cup of tea. ' Rut,' Bhe hastened to add, as sho Baw the look in her face, ' I am not going by myself, I can tell you. I am too old to go travelling about all alone; and you know dear child, you promised Herman to take care of me whily he was away.' 1 Yes,' — breathlessly, and with her bown eyes fixed upon the speaker's face. ' And so you must como with me, Phyllis darling,' Airs. Darbisher went on fondly. ' Wo will go off to the South of France, to Riveria or tho Pyreneos, together, and we Bhall both come back better than new. Now was I not right 1 And is not Doctor Aleud an old darling T Phyllis got up trembling and came and knelt down by her again, putting her slonder arms about her old friend, Into her pallid face a great eagerness lmd flashed. ' Is it true V sho asked breathlessly. ' Am I to go too ? Can papa afford it?' ' Phyllis,' Airs. Darbislier cried reproach fully, ' you aro going with me ns my child — my guest, if you will. Air. Devereux has nothing to do with it but to give he his con sent.' At this she saw poor little Phyllis's face fall — and indeed her own courago was sinking a little in spito of her indifferent air. ' I will came down and talk Air. Devereux over,' sho went on hurriedly. ' Of course he will miss you vory much — it is a great favour to ask — but it will be doing me such a kindnesB to como and take care of mo a little. And the change would bo good for you too, I am sure.' 1 1 should liko to go,' Phyllis said quietly, but drawing a tremendous long breath. Bhe so seldom expressed a desiro or wish, and now it seemed wrung from her against her will. ' Will you really take mo with you Aludsie ?' ' Will 1 not ?'— kissing her. 'As soon as ever I can get out, I will como down nnd speak to Mr. Dovernux.' She choked nlittlo as she pictured liet self offoring at tho top of her voice to confer a favour on her neigh bour. She would have, sho knew, to emphasise every syllable if she expected to make herself heard, and she thought with some alarm of his patient haughty old face as ho listened nnd gradually realised tlio full extent of her audacity. ' I think perhaps,' she added hastily, ' that it will he better to writo a little note, Phyllis dearest. Yon will take it for me, and, as soon as that is settled, we will begin to make our plans. And now, to change tho subject, here is Herman's letter for us to read. I do not think ' — till) kind face clouding over — ' that he writes in quite his usual spirits. He seems to be feeling the heat a good deal this year. However, hero is a full account of the ball at Government House and of the last polo-match. Ob, and there is a message for you. Shall I read it for you while you finish your tea?' Phyllis would rather have held the lottor in her own hands and read tho words intended for her with hor own eyes ; hut sho thanked Mra Darbisher in a pretty composed voice, and listoncd, trembling with the eagerness sho would not display. It was not until the end of the letter that tho passage she was waiting for came, ' No, you dear jealous old mother,' Herman wrote, ' I am not thinking of any such frivolities as you hint ut. 1 am afraid I must be, as you always used to say, a hard- lioartcd sort of beggar, for there are plenty of pretty women out here — a littlo fast soino of them perhaps, but awfully kind nnd jolly all the same— and I have not yet succeeded in falling in love with any of them. Tell Phyllis that the prettiest girl here just now — the belle of Calcutta — reminds me of Iter. Sho has just tho same coloured hair and eyes ; but she is a most duspornte little flirt, so I hope the resemblance ends there.' ' That 1 shall not answer until we como back from the South,' Mrs. Darbislier snid, nodding and smiling over tbo letter nt pretty silent Phyllis. 1 Who knows what capaoity for flirtation you may develops when you have j the opportunity, dear ohild ?' | \- Phyllis forgot to smilo j she hardly hpftnl ( what her friend was saying. Herman's words were still thrilling delioiously through her He did think her pretty then — as pretty as thoso girls out there — as protty as the prettiest of them all. And sho was going abroad. When he came back, she would be strong and well liko them too ; she would not pant any more when sho waltzed with him, or have a stjtcli in tier side when they w.nlked up-hill. Airs. Darbisher wrote hor note for Mr. Devereux while Phyllis was putting on her list and jncket ; nnd tho girl hastened down the hill in tho Februnry dusk carrying the careful composition with her, and liar other treaaura — Horman's message — deep in hor happy heart. Should she speak to papa and give him the note before dinner. She was dressed so early in her old crimson cashmere that she had still plenty of timo befora ho left his study, but she lingered, hesitating, reluctant. There was something else that must he snid at the same time, something that Phyllis shrank from saying. She could not go to San Remo or l'uu without n now gown and a now hat at leust least. Gould papa givo lier a little, a very littlo money, she wondered, if sho asked him? While she was still hesitating and trying to summon up her courago, the dinner-bell rang," and she hud lost her opportunity. She must wait now till afterwards. But it was not any easier afterwards, she found, to make hor request. Poor Air. Devereux was nlmost ns embarrassed ns his daughter when sho followed him in a kind of desperation to bis study. Phyllis had not entered tho room for years — not since bIio was a littlo girl — and lie saw at onee by her face and tho nervous trembling of her hands that it was a matter of most unusual importance that had induced her to invndo his privacy. Ho placed a chair for Phyllis with his usuul patient politeness, but she did not see it ; her heart was throbbing too fast. ' Airs. Darbiaher asked mo to givo you this noto, papa, she said faintly ; and she stood by tho desk, hanging her head a little ns she thought of that dreadful thing that was still to be asked. In the silence that followed while Air, Doveroux read the letter, spectacles on nose, the girl could hear tlio ticking of the clock and tho thumping of her own heart. How cold it was in the cheerless room, where there was no lire in the grate, and the very chairs were piled with musty old books that even Aire. Miller was not permitted to dust. And how long — how long it seemed till lier father turned the last page nnd read carefully to ilia end. Now he was taking oil' his spectacles and slowly polishing tliein with his handkerchief. Ho had laid the letter on tho desk at his elhow. Poor littlo Phyllis did not daro to look at his face. ' I presume,' ho licgnn, clearing his throat, 1 that Mrs. Darbisher lias acquainted you with tho purport of her noto, my denr?' 'Yes, pnpn,1 uttered Phyllis's pnle lips. 1 Then I inn Bure,' Air. Devereux continued, ' that you agrco with me as to tho only possible answer I can make to it.' She looked nt him nlurmed, but not quite comprehending. 'Of course" — a flush mounting to his sallow old face — ' of course you feel with mo thnt it is impossible to nccept such n— such a favour from Airs. Darbisher ?' ' Papa,' Phyllis turned pale. ' We nro already under vory heavy obliga tions to that lady,' Air. Devereux proceeded, slowly and rnrefully choosing his words — 1 obligations which 1 fear I shall never be in a position to repay — but this ' — his thin lips contracted painfully — 'this is another matter.' Phyllis's wide misernblo eyes asked tlio question sho could not speak. 'This' — lie touched tlio letter with his finger-tips — ' is merely an offer of — of pecuniary assistance. Airs. Darbisher is in roliUBt health ; she has no need of a journey j to France to euro a cold ; it is therefore on < your account that alio purposes to incur thnt trouble and that oxpenso : nnd sho oilers — in a kindly spirit, I do not doubt— to defray the charges of your journey and of your stay abroad hccnusc — because she is aware thnt I unhappily mil not in a position to do so.' ' Paps, Phyllis cried ngain, blushing deeply. Ought she to have thought of that 1 ' bIio asked herself quickly. It had never occurred to her. She would havo accepted this kindness from Airs. Darbisher as frankly, ns mituraily ns a child accepts kindness from its mother, if she herself had — oh, any amount of money — a hundred pounds even ! —she would gladly givo it all to Herman's mother if necessary ; and why then might not Bhe j ' I am sorry,' hor father was going on with increasing enilmrrasfniont, ' that I ennnot myself enable you to carry out this plan, my denr. I am aware of its importance wiili reference to your health, but " — with a smothered sigh — I am helpless in the matter.' | Papa,' tho girl exclaimed, with another pninful blush, 'it— it does not matter; I wish I had not asked you.' Tho deaf man did not hear horstammering words ; lie could see only tho distress in hor face nnd the quivering of hor delicato lips. At the sight soino remoto long dead memory stirred within his breast. What was it thnt ho had once refused to her mother on a summer day when the swcctbriar was in bloom, and that had made her lips quivor and her eyes were filling now 7 'T regret it,' lie said again, moro and more embarrassed. ' I do .not of courso trouble you with — business details ;it would be useless. I can only assure you that I am belploss.' j I Yes, papa,' tho girl snid submissively ; and another pause ensued. i ' 1 will answer Airs. Darbisher's noto to- morrow,' Air. Devereux said then ; nnd ! Phyllis, as ho took up his spectacles felt sho was dismissed, Her lip trembled again. I ' Very well, pnpn,' she snid. ' Good i night' As sho turned away to the door, tho old mnn'B eyct followed hor, tho frail littlo ! creature in her shabby red gown.' | ' You— you understand I trust,' ho said hurriedly, fumbling ns lie spoke among his | papers. 'You see that it is iinpossihio for me in the circumstances to allow you to go.' ' I I understand, papa,' Phyllis replied ! quiotly ; and in a moment more she wee 1 in the dim old hall outside tho study door. She had hardly felt the full pain of tho disappointment yet; but, as she began to climb the stairs and to brentlio heavily as usual, it rushed upon her. Sho was not to abrond. And, as long ns she stayed in England sho could not got well. On tho first landing tlio moon wns shining full nnd round through the uncurtained window. Tlio girl stood and looked at it, trying not to let tlio tears full that were briimniug in her eyes and circling the great silver disc with a watery luiio She was not to go. It was nil over, but it was of no use to cry, she know ; crying conld not clinngo things. And to-morrow she must only go ond toll Aludsio. Some thing roso ill her throat. When Aludsio wns gone, what would become of hor I And Herman's letters — she would not seo them while his mother was away. (to n« continued.) 