B-+,-' y A Y a: - ,.- . W. -XD - " Hello there, Ca'arie Where to 2" shouted a y oong man whom I know by the sobriquet of Bones. - "For a nocturnal adventure" I replied. Well," s~ays Bone, "whI:t coul be better than a cut-in at the Homne, Lnd see how thins are working. I have not: . en rouu for some time now, and as I hbear there was a "apree " round at Long Mat's last night, a5'd thiung were very willng, we might go ao gt the uarticula~s W"hat do yea thin: T" I a"'eed. Pones- ar.nd I tien m.ide our way to the abode of tho:e or:thy bachelors, chatting ,nerrilly as we stroIle:l together, and armed rwtir a SoD,! f-gr nat cigar apiece. Just iLS we were in th virciity of Kent Avenue, who should we pass by but no other psrao:r ge than Fat Eiuna, loudlly con.ersing witih her companion a ?ir. Vincienit, an a'tor of some note, receiving the m-rgnific:eet alary of So guineas a uight-so 1 am told. Bouesi, when I told him this, with a kno-iug s'ui:e savs " Dickon." Then vwe s3a. another bachelor, Sam, WYatts-on behiud:l with the ghost. Irawever, our mission was not to spy and as the hour was late we repaired, at a faster gait, to the home. On approaching the ,irts!S of that den-for such it surely is-there fiuo.tu d on the eveniing breeze that appe"lsiu. odour ra la steak and onious. VXe landed in our cardsa and wereo admitted wit-hout ceremony. The rooms were close and an abominable smell of colonial tobacco was unmistably feli, and one could not judge the ,ilysiognomy i of the muem.bers present. On enteriung the czad-room my Eigiht-eso orbs 'ere once more c!-ear, uand on lockinu in a cmler of the room I paiunfully observed a vocng man torpidly stretched at fu length on th8 coach, with deep-sunk eyes, hollow-dPhesked,and unshaven face, in bibing'a gallon of ponechong, while his deputy was applying vinegar bandages on his chiefs head In another corner of the room a few of the members sent out in sonorous tones "For he's a jolly gool fellow." While we were taking in the situatios I overheard two gay young sparks in quiet conversation of the previous evening's spree at Long Mfat's and Ijotte.l down as near as I could -the remarks. It ran thus : " BJb," says Jack, with great haste al ninnite gusto, "Oh, my dear fellow, I want you to listen to mr a few minutes, abeo it last night. You knorw Fat E'ma, the eull!esome, plump little girl with bl~e eyes. Well, I hal a glorious lIrk w;sh her last night. Sha was at the spree that Lo:g Mat gave, and 'pan my syal she looked do.va.rig't pretty. I faecy she's a bit gone oa yoa.r truly. \Ye lAnel a lot together, and after supper I lost my heal a- little--the cha·mpag=ue was ex ceeding goot-and so I takel the usual rot to her. Bless you, she drank it all in ike mother's milk. We got chummy and she insistel upon me putting my name down for every walt. - She's such a charming da?ter you know, got awfully big feet though, and my pet corn suffered tremtnisuly. I am goring to meet her on Saulay afternoon. She's a ducedlly nice girl, artless and ceniling, aul all that sort of thing, doa'tchrknowv. Bob g.zed on approvingly. "Wromen are quser fish," he rem rkel, "tsake care that you don't compromise yourself. A -reach of promise is an unpleasant thing ; makes a m n look suach a stupid ass, yea know." At this statg all Lhs other mnbars had gone to rooot, w~vicl they meet have needed, so Bones and I stole oat in th e stillnsss of the night, intt the3 a~!abions and brazing atm:aphor that invales the locality, after an uuneventful and wastel evening. After yarning at the coramer for about an hoar wi sid. ae revfr, aul wean!de our way to oar rospective cots. 