A DARING GAME. CHAP:rETt X LVII.— ( Continued) It was aiiter midday when tbey turDed into tbe liver which led to the loch of the Wilder ness. LarrS Totvyn recognized the stream by tbe description that had been girfin him, and tinheBittttiugly directed an advance.^ Sir Harold aud M-. Atkins had many misgivings SB the sloop crept slowly np the river, a mere fieeD cnt between high hills, their progress like the snail's, but they did not venture to express it to their hopeful and confident young guide. A» tbe Btieam grew narrower their misgiv ings increased, and tbe young earl read tbeir fihoughte in their grave faces. ' Cournga !' he said, approaching the baro net. ' It is true we barely creep along here, and the day is wearing on, but the yacht bas had to go slowly lipre also, and cannot be much in advance of us.' ' But, Arthur,' suggested tbe baronet, giv ing voice to hi* apprehensions, ' suppose that the roan of the yncht deceived you as to the proper route, or that we have taken the wrong conrse in running up this river? I can't believe that any one can make a cut in the tills like this one an approach even to a Highland stronghold. No wind can strike our sails, or so little, at any rate, that we oould easily walk f.\ster than we sail, if only We had a level rond to walk on. And if we ttfe upon tho wnng tack what will become of 3S'eva, my poor wronged little Neva?' His voico trembled as he asked the ques tion. 'I knovc we are going straight to her, Sir Harold,' said the earl hopefully. ' Believe Slid trust in my convictions. Xon may smile at the idea, but I feel that I am getting nearer and nearer to Neva with every incli we gain.' The night closed in early in that wild Highland region, a night of wind and mist. Hot a light gleamed from the deck of The ZtucTcti, as she felt her way between the Harrowing rocks. About six o clock of the Burly evening she glided from the narrow river with a Budden bound, as a puff of wind filed ber fhppinp! sails, into the hidden loch of the Wiltlernesp, The yacht lay at anchor at the further Bide of tho loch, and a mile away. A lantern bang a- her masthead, and the forms of men were seen in the spectral glare, moving to and fro on ber deck. 'We have come to tbe right place, you Bee!' Baid Lord Towyn exultantly. 'This U tbe locb. Tonder lies the yacht but Becently come in. The men are busy unload ing tbeir purchases.' Sir Harold and Atkins swept tbe bold and Stocky shores with tbeir keen glances. The tugged steeps were black and bare, and in tbe dense gloom they saw no gleaming lights, no Signs of habitation. ?'We must come to anchor up in the Beeper shadow of this overhanging elm,' said Jkird Towyn. The order was obeyed. 'Now lower a boat,' said the earl. ' We will go ashore.' The boat was lowered ; the two Macdonalds and tbe four piBBengers entered it, and the boat was rowed toward the yacht, keeping elose to the black shore. As they drew near, a«rowboat was seen to shoot away from the yacht. The MacdonaldB beid their oars uplifted until the yacht's boat had grounded on the shore, and the three seamen belonging to the yacht bad landed. Two of tbe three employes of Craven Black loaded theneelveB with hampers and parcels, and the third preceded them up the eteep and circuitous path in the mountain side, bearing a lantern which he swung at his Bide. They are all gone up the cliff,' said the earl ' No one iB left to watch the shore. Strike out, men Let us land and follow them np the mountain. The man with the lantern shall guide us as well as bis comrades.' *To Bay was to do. The sloop's boat Speedily grounded on the Btrip of beach, and Xord Towyn leaped out and sought for tbe entrance to the narrow path up which the three figures were slowly climbing, one still Waving his light. The path was found. The earl bade the boatrran wait, and the four men, lord Towyn, Sir Harold Wynde, Mr, Atkins and Eyan, glided up the path toward tbe (Wilderness like so many abadowB. CHAPTER XLVIII. THE END OF THE GAME. The yaoht had arrived at the loch, at the Soot of tbe Wilderness Mountain just as the dusk was fulling. Craven Black had immedi ately gone ashore in the mist and gloom, climbed the ragged eteep, and hastened to his temporary home. The windows were all un curtained, and a broad stream of watery light penetrated for a little distance into the darkness. There was no sound of barking of dogs, and the silence struck Craven Black's ears etrangely. The front door stood wide open, but no one was in the hall. He entered the house and looked into the drawing-room. Mrs. Artress was there, pale perturbed, a restless spark in her ashen eyes and disorder in her attire. ? She uttered an exclamation as she beheld Mr. Black, and sprang toward him exclaiming : ' I am bo glad you are come, Craven. Have Jjrou got the medicines for Ootavia ?' ? Yes. How is she P' ' I don't know. T am very anxious about ber. Shu looks like death, and her breathing is very strange She won't lie down, but juBt wanders about tho house like some rest less ghost. I think that ber lungs are con gested, and that she is in serious danger. I really think you ought to take her to Invor neB and put her in a physician's care. What if she should die in thin remote Wilderness ?' ' She won't die while she is able to wander about the house,' ' responded Craven Black, lightly. ' When people are seriously ill they take to their beds. Why are the dogs Bhut up ?' ' Octavia ordered it. She could not bear their noi^e ; it drove her wild, she said.' ' Hum(..h. Nervoun. She will be better of her cold in a day or two. How is Mi'sb Wynde ?' ' She in still obstinate, Craven, and never says a word agsinst ht-r starvation diet. I am afraid we've made a serious mistake in our es timate of ber. She is what you sometimps call ' game all through.' She'll die, but she won't give in. I wish we had let her alone, and allowed her to marry whom she pleased That escapade of hers on the mountain may cost Octavia her life. And if Octavia dieB her four thousand a year dies, too, and I Bhall have to become a companion to some lady, and lend a horrible life of dependence and fear, and you will have to go back to your precBrious existence.' 'Ton are a pleasant comforter,' said Craven Blaek, impatiently. 'All these hor rors exist only in your imagination. Octavia will outlive ns all. Where is she ?' ' In her own room.' Black ran np the stairs to his wife's room He found Octavia Btanding before tbe fire, clad in a loose wrapper, whose bright hue made her pallid face look hideous. Her eyes were strangely large, and they were thrown into relief by heavy black hollows under them Her long black hair hung loosely down her back. She looked thin and old and spectral, all the brightness and beauty gone from her. Her features were hard in their expression, and the wicked soul declared itself plainly in her unlovely countenance. Craven Black recoiled at sight of her. How two or three days had changed her! He felt a sudden repugnance to her. He had a horror of weakness and illness, and a fear came over him that his cousin's terrors might not be without foundation. ' Oh, it's you, Craven ?'. cried Ootavia, in a thin, querulous voice. 'How long you have atayed. Did you get my medicine ?' ' Yes, here it it and Black produced a bottle from his pocket. ' It's a cough mix ture.' ' I feel such a tightness here,' and Octavia put her hand upon her chest. ' Such a hor rible restriction. I dare say, though, it will be all right in the morning. I remember, Craven, you hate sick people. Your dinner is waiting. Let us go down.' ' You had better go to bed,' aaid Craven, abruptly. ' I cannot lie down. My chest pains me when I attempt it. Had you good luck at Inverness ?' Craven Black assented. ' Did you see any one you knew ?' 'No; how should I? None of my ac quaintances come to the Highlands in No vember. I was as unrecognized at Inverness as I should ba in Patagonia. I will change my clothes and take you down to dinner.' He went into his dressing-room and changed his garments. Octavia paced the room rest lessly during his absence. He returned in tbe conrse of a few minutes and escorted his wife down to the dining-room, whera Mrs. Artress joined them. He noticed that Octavia ate nothing at the meal. She complained of a lack of appetite, and moved restlessly in ber chair, starting at every sound. ' I have read of the ancients placing a death's head at their feasts,' said Black, grimly, ' and I seem to have followed their cuBtom. Octavia, do try to look like some thing better than a galvanized corpse^' Octavia arose and went to tbe window, a spasm of pain convulsing her hard features. The heartless mockery of ber conlederate in guilt smote upon her in that hour of suffer ing like an avenging sword. How she had loved him and had sinned for him ! And this waa her reward ! Craven Black finished his dinner quietly and drank his wine. Then he arose with an air of gaiety and said : ' I have everything you sent for, Octavia, and Borne things you neglected to send for. We can Btand a siege in this old honse all winter, if need be. The boys are already bringing up the hampers. Will you have a look at them ?' Octavia assented with a heavy sigh, and passed out into the front hall with Craven Bluck and Mrs. Artress. The three seamen stood in the hall, one with ajantern in bis hand, the other two in the act of depositing their hampers upon the floor. And over the edge of the plateau, at that very moment, and not a score of rods distant, four men were coming silently and slowly, with stern faces and cautious mien, toward the house. ' That is right ' said Craven Black, examin ing the hampers. ' Bring up the wine baskets next.' The three men went out. The four pursuers stood in the shadow of the trees as they passed, and then resumed their approach to the dwelling. ' I'd like to see bow the girl stands her imprisonment,' said Craven Black. ' I'll let her know that wo are prepared to spend the winter here. By the way, Octavia, I posted that second letter to Brussels to-day, addressed, under cover of a letter to Celeste's Bister, to Lord Towyn. 'Wo have nicely hoodwinked the earl, and I should like the girl to know of our successful manoeuvres. Where is Celeste ?' ' In Neva's ante-room.' ' Come, then. We will visit our prisoner.' He went upstairs, Octavia following slowly assisted by Mrs. Artress. Celeste sat at work in the ante-room of Neva's chamber, and admitted the visitors into Neva's presence, entering with them. And outBide the house, upon the lawn, the four shadows came nearer and yet nearer. They flitted up the steps of the porch and in at the open door. They paused a moment in the deserted lower hall, and then, hearing voices above, came silently and darkly up the Btairs and paused at the door of the ante room. That room was deserted. The light streamed from tbe inner room, where Neva and her enemies were grouped. The sound of voiceB came out to the intruders. Softly with sternly eager faces, the four orept across the floor o£ the ante-room, and two— Sir Harold Wynde and Lord Towyn — -looked in upon the Blacks and their young victim. The earl breathed hard, and would have leaped in like a lion to the rescue of his betrothed and to the confusion of his enajnies, but Sir Harold Wynde held him back with a grasp of iron. The baronet meant to learn the falseness and perfidy of the wife he had so idolized and trusted, from her own lips. And with what unconscious frankness she bared her guilty soul to his scrutiny ! How completely she revealed her wickedness to him. At the moment tbe intruders looked in with burning eyes upon them Octavia was speak ing. Nev% stood up rje-r the fire, very pale and slender and fragile of figure, as her father and lover saw with swelling hearts, but her red brown eyes glowed with tho light of an undy ing courage, hor head was poised haughtily upon her slender throat, and her lips were curled in a smile of dauntless defiance. ' You see, Craven,' Octavia was saying querul insly. We have starved tho girl ; we have fed her for weeks on bread and water, until her bodily strength mast be nearly gone, and yet she stands there and defies us. What are wo to do with her ?' ' Miss Wynde does not sufficiently realize her own helplessness and our power,' said Craven Black. ' Your friends think ypu travelling with us upon the Continent, Miss Neva. I have posted a letter to-day, appar ently in your handwriting, under cover to a friend in Brussels, who will post it back to England That letter is addressed to Lord Towyn. How he will kiss it and caress it and wear it in hi» bosun, never doubting that you wrote it. I shall send him another letter next week, in your name, breaking your en gagement with him.' The young earl made a slight movement, but Sir Harold held him still in a grip of iron. Nova's pure, proud face flushed with scorn of her enemies. ' You may send as many letters aB you please to Lord Towyn,' she said laughtily, ' but you will not deceive him so readily as you did me with that letter purporting to come from papa. Ob, Octavia, I am glad papa never lived to know you as you are, base, treacherous and full of double-dealing. It is well for him that he did not live, for you would have broken his noble heart. He loved and trusted you, and you have repaid him by op pressing his daughter, whom he loved ' The hard, haggard features of Octavia distorted themselves in a sneer. The baronet wondered with a sudden horror if this was the woman he had loved. She looked a very Medusa to him now. ' Your father ! Your 'poor papa !' ' mocked Octavia, with her hand upon her chest. 'You have flung Sir Harold's name and memi ory at me ever since we came to this place: And what was Sir Harold ? A mere money bags to me ; that's all. If you hope to move me to pity, you couldn't use a worse name to give effect to your appeal than the name of your father. I never loved Sir Harold Wynde, but I martied him because he was rich. You needn't look so horrified. People marry for such reasons every day, but they have not my frankness to avow it. There stands the man whom I have loved for years,' and she pointed at Craven Black. ' It is hit son whom I intend you shall marry — ' ' To enrich you, madam 1' cried Neva. ' Yes, to enrich me, since you say bo J', exclaimed Octavia. 'You have seventy thousand pounds a year ; I have four thou-1 sand. I intend to equalize matters before,' you and I separate. Craven haa just retnrned from Inverness with household Btores sufficient; to last us through the winter, and we shall stay here till spring if necessary to compel you to accede to our wisheB. Your fare, every day through this winter, until you yield to us,: shall be bivad and water. I warn you not to carry your resistance too far, for I may be moved to deprive you of a fire.' Neva's lonely face continued to glow with her haughty acorn. ' You seem to think that I am deserted by God and man, and completely given over to: you,' she cried. ' You are mistaken. God has not deserted me. And I can assure you, Craven and Octavia Black, that before many weeks — before many days perhaps — Lord Towyn will trace me to this plaoa and rescue me from your hands.' ' Let him come !' sneered Craven Black. ' Let him come !' ' Yes,' mocked Octavia, ' let him ceme !' Lord Towyn broke from the graBp Sir Harold still held upon him and stalked into the chamber. With a shriek of delight, loud and piercing, Neva flew to bis arms. He held her clasped to his breast and backed toward the door, coming to a halt, looking at Neva's enemies with stern, accusing eyes. Craven Black, Ootavia, Mrs. Artress, and Celeste stared at him appalled. Not one could speak, but Octavia's hand clutched at her chest with sudden frenzy. ' Lord Towyn !' gra-ped Mrs. Artress at last, faintly. Craven Black broke forth into curses. His hand flaw to his breast pocket, but fell again, as the door pushed open and Mr. Atkins and Eyan the detective entered the room. ' By Heaven, the game is up !' he cried. ' Yes,' said our young hero, ' the game is up. You have played a daring game, Craven Black, and you have lost it.' Octavia gasped for breath. The bitterness of defeat was almost more than she could bear. The sight of Neva in the arms of her lover nearly goaded her to madness. ' Yob, the game is up,' she said hollowly. 'I suppose that you traced Craven herefrom Inverness ; but how did you get upon our trail ? How did you happen at Inverness ? No matter. I do not care to know just yet. You cannot prosecute us, Lord Towyn, if you care to preserve your bride's family namefrom scandal. I was Sir Harold Wynde'a wife, and that fact munt shield me and my friends. Yon connot take from me my jointure of four thousand a year, and with that Craven and I need not suffer, especially as we have the Wynda Heights estate. The game is up Lord Towyn, as you Bay, but we arenotdisoomflted nor overthrown. You will keep silence for the sake of the family. Besides you know I am Neva's personal guardian, and had a right to take ber whore I please.' ' That remains to be seen,' aaid the young earl, sternly. ' Neva, darling, look up. I have news for you.' Neva slowly lifted her pale, joyous face from her lover's bosom, and stood a little way from him, eager, expectant, and wondering. ' My poor little girl !' said the young earl, with an inward yearning. ' How you have | suffered ! I have brought you very startling ! news, and yon will need all your bravery to bear it. GKve me your hands — so ! Neva, I have news from India.' Something in his tone startled the girl. Her face grew paler on the instant. 'A gentleman has come from India,' said the earl, telling the story much as Afckins had told it to him, ' and he says — can you boar to hear it, darling? — he saya that Sir Harold did not die out there at all ; that he was at tacked by a tiger, but was rescued by bis Hindoo servant, who sent him away into the mountains io the care of other Hindoos, who kept Sir Harold a captive. And he suys that Sir Harold is alive and well to-day ' ' Oh, Arthur, Arthur! Can it be P' cried Neva, trembling. ' My poor father ! I dreamed that he still lived, and my dream haB como true. We will start for India at once and rescue papa. Ob, Arthur, do you think it is tru« ?' ' Yes, my darling, I believe it.' ' Well, I don't,' sneered Craven Black, turning pale nevertheless. Such trumpery tales are common enough. I Tcnow Sir Harold ia dead !' ' And I know it,' scoffed Octavia. ' Alive after an absence of so long a duration ! Bah ! I wonder you h tven'fc more sense, Lord Towyn. Sir Harold Wynde alive ! I should like to see him !' The door uwung slowly on its hinges, and Sir Havold Wynde walked into the room. He psuaed near the door and surveyed his false wife with Bt-srn and awful eyes. Octavia gave utterance to a frightful scream— whose horror was indescribable— and bounded forward, her hand upon her bivnst, and fell to the floor upon her face. Sir Harold's awful gaze turned upon Craven Black, and seemed to turn that in dividual to stone. It rested upon Artress, and she cowered before it in terror. It passed the Frenchwoman, and fixed itself upon Neva, softening and melting to almost more than human tendorness and love, and then, with a great joy shining in his keen blue eyes, he opened wide his arms. Neva sprang forward and was clasped close to his great heart. Tbe sacred joy of that reunion need not be dwelt upon. Presently, aa Sir Harold was about to lead his daughter from the room, his glance rested upon tha still prostrate figure of Octavia. ' Look to your wife, Mr. Black,' he said, bis irony arousing Black from his stupor. . ' She has fainted !' Craven Black obeyed the voico of command, essaying to lift the prostrate figure of Octavia, but with a cry of horror he let it fall again, shouting hoarsely : ' She ie dead ! Octavia is dead 5' It was true. The engorged lungs had ceased their work. The heart had Btopped its beating. That joighfc the yacht and the sloop started upon their return to InverneBB. In the former were Craven Black, dispirited and despairing ; Mrs Artress, full of bewailingB for the poverty iato which she was now plunged; tbe French maid; the dead body of the false Octavia, and the three sailors in Black's employ. In the sloop were Neva and her friends. The two vesiels arrivei safely at Inverness, and the remains of Lady Wynde were con signed to the grave. Craven Black did not wait to see tha last rites performed for her who had served his wicked purposes so faith fully and so well, but, abandoning his cousin, piitTtio sea in bio yacbtj with the throe sailors, not caring whither he went. , A week later the wreck of the yacht was found upon the North-German coaet, and four bodies were waohed ashore, two still living, fcwo dead. . And of the dead, one waa identified as Craven Black. Sir Harold, with his daughter and his ' Eriendn, returned to Hawkhurat. The atory of Sir Harold's return to England had pre ceded them ; and from the moment that the party alighted at the Canterbury station until after their arrival at their own home Sir Har old received one continued ovation. The joy bellB were rung in the little village of Wynd ham, and gnnB were fired. It was a day long to be remembered throughout that part of Kent. The shadow that had fallen on Sir Harold's life when he firat learned the baseness of biB second wife was dispelled by the tender love j and attentions of Neva and her young lover. The smiles came back to bis lips and the joy to his heart, and he learned the lesson that many must learn, that life need not be all . dark and desolate because one friend of the - many has proved false. A few months later the joy bells rang again, and again tbe tenantry of Sir Harold made merry. The occasion was tbe marriage of the young Lord Towyn. It was a joyous bridal. Sir John Freise, and wife and their seven daughters were there. Mr. Atkins's plain face i beamed from the midst of the throng. Eufua I Black and his gypsy-faced young wife, both happy and loving, had come down from Mount Street to grace the wedding, and uo con- - gratulations to the young bridal pair were more sincere than those uttered by JEtufus. At the wedding breakfast, while Neva, fair and proud and radiant as a star, sat beside her equally radiant young bridegroom, Eufus Black found opportunity to privately apeak a word to the bride. ' It haB all ended as it ought to, MiaB Neva — my lady, I mean,' he whispered joy ously. ' Your father has got over his dis appointment and grief, and looks like a king, as ie stands yonder. I am getting to be a man — an honest, upright, strongsouled man, with genuine backbone and downright vim. Lally believes in me, you see, and upholds me, God bless her ! And you and the earl are as happy as angels, Miss Ne— my l-idy, and you deserve to be. Mrs. Artress ia a governess — where do you think ? — oh, divine justice ! — in the house of the Blights at Canterbury !' What woree could we wish her p Oub enemies — they were mine as well as yours, Lady Towyn — played a daring game, but they lost !' [the end ] 