EDITOR'S NOTES* PARLIAMENTARY. Parliamentarians are now well-broken in to the work of the session. The preliminary exercises, viz., the dis cuB&ion; on the Address in Reply took much longer than there was real need for and revealed some bad points in various ' exhibits ' as well as good ones. * * * ? The Legislative Council has been con siderably exercised over the Adult Suffrage Bill, a measure which provides for the enfranchisement of women, but declines to allow them to sit in Parlia ment. The speaking has been of a Tery entertaining order and the result is looked forward to with a good deal of interest. The granting of the suffrage to women is but the logical outcome of making the higher sex amenable to the laws of the land and liable to its taxa tion requirements. Adult suffrage is undoubtedly in the air and according to all accounts will soon be embodied in the legislature of South Australia. 4 Another interesting discussion has taken place in the Conncil on the motion of the Hon. Mr. Basedow for the establishment of a colony for the unemployed on the German plan. The matter has been referred to a Select Committee for consideration. If that body can make a useful contribution towards the solution of the unemployed difficulty it will be doing a valuable service. Most of the attempts in this direction are in the quack line. The most interesting item in the ** ssembly proceedings thus far has been tbe announcement of the Treasurer that the financial year ended with a surplus. No one, probably, was more surprised than the Treasurer himself. The year has been an exceptionally trying one, and the Ministry deserve credit, not withstanding several windfalls, for having administered the funds with sach ability. It would have been no disgrace if they had come out with a deficit. Forestry.— A district court of Forestry was opened) at Fremantle, W.A., recently, under a dispensation from the High Conrt, at Cambridge, England. Mr. R. Snellgrove, formerly of Gawler, was elected the first D.S.C.R., and a trustee. A Thumb Short. — A lad named Jeale, about IS years of age, had his thumb injured while working a shearing machine at Messrs May Bros. & Co.'s one day laBt week. On Saturday Dr. Popham. deemed it advisable to amputate the injured member, and he accordingly took it off at the second joint. The Locomotives fob Western Aus tralia. — The Commissioner of Public Works informed the Assembly in reply te a question that the locomotives recently sent to Western Australia by Messrs. James Martin & Co., Limited, had been con* stracted under the supervision of a Govern ment Inspector and the whole of that super vision had been paid for by the firm. The Two Wells Show Prizb- List.— In arranging the prize-list for the Two Wells show the committee have struck out the prizes for pigeons and added tbe amounts to the awards for sparrow heads and eggs. This [is thought will stimulate energy in combating the sparrow evil. The list as arranged should attract good competition. The entrance fees have been reduced one* third, owing to free entries having been abolished. As Others see Us. — South Australia is a colony that Herbert Spencer would be apt to regard with bristling horror. In 58 years this paradise oi sinf ol legislators has passed 1438 Acts of Parliament, of which 400 have been repealed. Yet how much better off than any other seotion of the continent is this colony? This 'pass an Act' business has flourished like a rank weed in Australia. It is about time it got a well-earned rest. — Sydney Worker. A Broken Knee Cap.— On Tuesday morning an unfortunate accident befell Mies Annie Bomeke, a domestic engaged at the Old Spot Hotel. The young lady waB per forming her household duties, when she tripped and fell on her right knee, snapping the cap of that joint right across. Dr. Popham . was summoned, but advised her removal tojthe Adelaide Hospital, whither the sufferer was sent by the express the same morning, Gawler School Board of Advice.— At a meeting of the Gawler School Board of Advice held recently ten cases of irregular attendance at the schools in Gawler and neighborhood were dealt with. In two cases it was ordered that summonses should be issued, in four cases the eicases tendered were accepted, and in four other cases the parents did aot attend but were written to, and informed that time /must be made this quarter, or summonses ynll be issued. Too Much Electricity.— The lightning was very vivid on Monday afternoon and evening, and in ou£ of its eccentric moods caused a slight scafre in the establishment of Mr. R. J. Hillf hairdresser of Murray j,inK«tP-Vr.'{ItHr«-'-*»^-ind, had one ef his customers at his mercy, and was about to use the deadly weapon, when there was a flash of lightning, and instantly a blue flame shot along the' edge of the razor. At the same inBtant Mr. {Hill felt a slight shock in the hand in which he held the instrument. Two others saw the phenomenon, which caused a greater sensation than if a ghost had .put in an appearance. The Supply of Gold and a Rise of Prices. — The London Times writes:— ' There may, of course, be a considerable temporary rise in prices in consequence of a increase in the supply of gold, in con sequence of a great destruction of wealth during a war, or more usually, in con sequence of a reaction from one of the periodic 'depressions' of trade and con tractions of credit that occur with approxim ate regularity at intervals of a few years. It so happens that at the present moment we are in an unusually favorable position for a rise in prices, the termination of a period of three years of depression coinciding with a great addition, actual and prospective, to the world's Btock of gold. The rise is in itself an evil for the world generally, but its periodic occurrence is part of the price which must be paid in order to keep the economic machinery of the world in action.' Western Australian Gold— The samples of gold bearing stone brought by Mr. Syd. Fotheringham (from Western Auttralia weie crushed last week by the new crushing machine of Messrs May Bros. & Co., and afterwards panned off. Seventeen pounds weight of stone was put through and yielded 5 ozs 7 dwt 5 gr of free gold. Another sample weighing 2 lbs, 3 ozs was literally held together by the precious metal. In this piece it was estimated that there was at least 1£ oz. of gold. The yield for the nineteen pounds weight of stone was there fore at the rate of upwards of 900 ozs to the ton. The claim where the afcnnn name from is known as Hawson's, and is on the Ninety Mile field, and those interested in it are Messrs Hawson, Fotheringham, Twtgg, and Lyfach. The ground adjoins Hicks's claim, which is also known to be very rich. Hawson's claim comprises ten acres, and on it four shafts have been sunk, viz , 14, 35, 17, and 16 feet respectively, the reef being met with in each of them. The property is now under offer to an English syndicate for a high figure. Mr. Fotheringham spent four weeks in the western colony, and has a high opinion of the Coolgardie and Ninety Mile fields. He thinks, however, that no one should go there who has not £50 in his pocket. Trap hire iB an expensive item at Coolgardie, as it cost our townsman £27 143. for two or three days travelling. He paid 17s. (for the first drink he gave the horses and 8d. per lb. for chaff and oats. Mr. Fotheringham will wend westward again shortly. Village Settlement Aid Association.— A meeting of the Village Settlement Aid Association was held in the Town Hall last Monday afternoon, and was presided over by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. Luoas), There were present Misses Turner, Barrett, Nott, Gordon, Mesdameg W. Jones, Stephenson, Coorabe, Lavic, A. H. Harris, F. Lewis, and the Revs. Father Carr, W. Jones, V. Roberta. D. Davis, and W. R. Stephenson (Secretary), Apologies for non attendance were received from Misses Lynch and Barnet. It was reselved that the town be divided into visiting districts, and that the ladies make a thorough canvass in aid of the Association. The Rev, Father Carr promised to get some of the ladies of his church to assist in collecting, and the Secretary waB requested to write to others. The Secretary reported that the Co-operative Store had given two bags of seed potatoes, Mr. Harris one bag^ and seven bags had been purchased. Mrs. C. Potter had sent a parcel of clothing, Mrs. Cheek a jar of butter 'and parcel of clothing, and similar parcels from Mrs. Mather, Mrs. Green, and Miss Turner, all of which were of good quality. Miss Turner and Mr. Cox had also lent a bundle «f mattraeses eaeh. 'The Price of Progress.'-— ' The Price of Progress' was the subject ef a discourse at the Primitive Methodist Church on Sun day evening last by the Rev. W. R. Stephen son. The rev. gentleman took as bis text. John XII, 24, 25, 26. and referred to the principle of Christ's life being that of sacri fice. His life acquired its proper value aad received {its full development through his death. We could either set apart our lives for our own personal enjoyment or we could devote them to benefit our fellow men. If we sacrificed our lives for the good of others we produced other lives, following ont the idea of the text, bnt if we ased our lives for our own selfish ends we consumed our lives. Our life was as a seed and it could only be developed by being sown in the fertile coil of other men's needs. Self-sacrifice was the price of true progress. Christ's life propagated other similar lives. The spirit of self- sacrifice must have its roots in love. How much was there done for the sake of applause or hope of reward ? If *e did anything simply for the applause of men we could get our reward here, but God would see to the reward of those who lived f jr others. The world owes every man a living, but it is bard work collecting the debt. Rainfall. — The following rainfall was recorded at the Gawler Poat-Offioe for the week ending August 3rd, at 9 a.m.*r— July : 30th, 0-280 ; July 31st, 0-400 ; August 1st, 0*015; August 2nd, 0*135; August 3rd, 0 035; total, 0*765. Total for July 4*145, on 15 days. Barossa Political Reform League. — - The Barossa Political Reform League will give another evidenoe that it is a real live institution by holding a social in St. George's Schoolroom on Wednesday evening. Short speeches, music, refreshments, etc., consti tute the programme. Professor Lowrie on Drilling. — At the Minlaton conference of Agricultural Bureaus last week Professor Lewrie expressed the opinion that it would pay almost every farmer in South Australia to drill. He drilled almost every acre at tbe College. It would take longer to get through the ground, bpt the flaying in the seed would pay for the difference in time with wheat at 3a, 6d. to 4s. a bushel. (Laughter.) He knew that wheat was not that price juBt now, but it would not remain so if they were to take the assurance ef those 'in the know.' Drilled wheats did not feel the first hot winds so much as the surface sown crops. Professor Lowrie on Takeall.— Pro- fessor Lowrie was present at a meeting of Agricultural Bureaus at Minlaton last week and joined in the discussion on 'Takeall.' He said they had notihad takeall on the Rose worthy Farm till last year. It was a fungus that waa the cause of the trouble. He was inclined to think that they could avoid it, He believed that the condition which pro* moted its growth most was loose land. When they had takeall at the College the land on which it occurred had been ploughed dry, and the part which had been worked when moist was free.' They should' avoid te the very utmost having their land too loose for wheat. In any oase it was bad, but it seemed to promote the growth of takeall. Manuring.— At the Agricultural Bureaus conference last week Professor Lowrie had something to ,say about manuring. He said farmers could not very well use manure for a very large area for wheat growing, but no doubt it could be used very profitably for hay- growing. They could get the outlay back in the first year if they could get an average price of from 35s. to £2 per ton. It was not altogether well to rely on one particular manure. On the lighter land there was no doubt but that superphosphate or bocednst was more likely to be desired, but a man would get a better result if he used a few pounds of nitrate of soda with his superphosphate or bonedust. One thing which astonished him in a wood* burning country like South Australia was the disregard of the value of wood ashes. If superphosphate was worth £4 10s. per ton wood ashes were oertainlv worth £1. - The Labour Members and Their Rail way Passes. — Exception has been taken by some members to the fact that the Labor Party uao their railway passes for travelling to various places and delivering speeches in the interests of the Labor Party. The Hon. G. McGreger, M.L.C., who lately delivered an address in Gawler, spoke at the Adelaide Democratic Club on Sunday evening on the matter and defended himself and his col-* leagues against the oharges. He said free passes were given to members of Parliament to enable them to become familiar with the requirements of the country and members for years had largely used them in the transaction of their private affairs. . Now these same gentlemen complained when the Labor members went through the country to spread their propaganda. So far as he was concerned he would do so until he was black in the face as long as he felt that he was not injuring anyone. The hon. gentle man was frequently applauded. The Late Rev. B. C. Stephenson. — Much regret has been1 expressed in Gawler at the decease of the Rev. B. C. Stephenson, M.A., which took place at 'Bishop's Court, Adelaide, on Sunday night. The rev. gentleman paid several visits to Gawler and created a favorable impression by his elo* quent and earnest discourses. Disease, how* ever, had marked him as a victim and he passed away as stated, beloved by all who had been brought into close contact with him. The funeral on Tuesday waB very largely attended. The Rev. J. Warren was one of the pall-bearers, and amongst those present was the Rev. Canon CoombB. At a meeting of Synod on Tuesday, Dean Marryat proposed and the Rev. Canon Coombs seconded a motion placing on record the high appreciation felt regarding the services rendered to the Church and Diocese by the deceased gentleman. Fillis's Circus. — Coming on August 7. — Fillis's Circus has done a capital week's business in Adelaide, and is coming to Gawler on August 7, to give two per* formances, afternoon and evening. They have 51 head of horses, ' little and big,' and the stud includes some pare bred Arabs, English thoroughbreds, and some brought from the Cape ; and they have one fallow that was born without a hair on it, that has never had hair, and never will ; but out of the 51 only 10 do not perform. An over* whelming circus is presented teeming with attraction, startling sensations and novelties. Ninty- five educated horses and ponies will be introduced, comprising some of the finest specimens of horseflesh ever seen in the arena of any establishment. Four pure Arabs, six Hungarian stallions, eight broncos, trained to the highest possible pinnacle in the summit of equine intelligence, will be introduced by Mr. F. E. Fiilis, who is, without doubt, the greatest arenic horse trainer and equestrian, whose genius, grace, and admirable skill are the admiration of noted horsemen. Madame Fiilis is also a beautiful and- most accomplished horse woman. The Feeley family, the great and most versatile troupe in the universe, will also appear in addition to seventy other artists, the very best in the profession. The famous herd of elephants, four Nubian lions, the spotted leopard, black panther, royal .Bengal tiger, hairless horse, a horse with live feet, and the royal performing bears will be presented. THE LATE MR. JOHN ALLEN. — On Wed- nesday death claimed another of the old residents of Gawler in the person of Mr. John Allen, of Murray-street. The deceased gentleman, although he had experienced in- different health for some years, was not seriously indisposed until a day or two be- fore his decease. Mr. Allen arrived in the colony in 1848, and arranged to come to Gawler at once with the Hon. James Martin. A severe illness prevented the deceased gentleman carrying out his intention, but he came two or three months later, and worked as a blacksmith in the employ of Mr. Martin. A year or two later he started in business with the late Mr. T. J. Mankey as a partner, but when the Victorian diggings were discovered both partners went thence to try their luck. They subsequently re- turned and resumed business, which they carried on for some time. The partnership becoming dissolved each gentleman started business on his own account, and Mr. Allen carried on an extensive machinist's trade in Murray-street until about ten or twelve years ago when he retired. The deceased gentle- man was a keen man of business, and was widely respected for his straightforwardness. He held the office of Councillor for South Ward for a time, and was for twenty years a trustee of the Wesleyan Church. He was also one of the oldest members of the Gawler Lodge of Oddfellows. The deceased gentle- man married his third wife about eighteen months ago, and she survives him. The funeral will take place this afternoon. A Good Investment. — Now that money is not too plentiful all are anxious to get the best value possible for their ready cash. Great sales of cheap goods are advertised everywhere, but if yon wish to invest yonr money to the best posable advantage, we know of no store that we can recommend with more confidence than Essex Honro Cash Store, Murray-street, Gawler. A. Sheard is now selling good useful household drapery at such astonishingly low prices that even business men cannot understand how it can be done. — A2. The Crops. — A railway lniy«ller «ay« that between Dry Creek and; Gawler the p^docki %ou|b. «pmewhat late look- fairly well. From Gawler to Manoora the crops are fully a month late compared with last year. -'??-'' : ?-.- . .\;: '- Gawler Starr-Bowkett Society. — . A meeting of the above Society watheld at the Institute on Wednesday evening last, August 1\. Mr. E. Potter (Chairman of Directors) presided over agoodattendanoe. Generallaws, 13 and 19, relating to the Secretary's salary and appropriations respectively, were altered, and it was announced that the first appro* priation of ,£300 would be balloted for on the 21st fast. Messrs G, Ayling and H. P. Wilkinson were eleoted auditors. 'PRELnrmisr English. '-4 Mr. G. 3£ Newman, B. A., Principal of Wbinham College, North Adelaide, has just issued a handy little volume entitled 'Preliminary English,' for file special benefit of students who intend to qualify themselves for the preliminary University examinations. The special knowledge ol the author peculiarly fitted him for the task he undertook, and he-has succeeded in producing a very handy compendium. The contents which are con cisely presented comprise antfc&position; of the principles of analysis, rule^for parsing and punctuation, {specimens of b£d-gr*ti)maE» subjects for composition, and s^t^rinf iifafi the paperfrset at the Adelaide Udiverajit^ for the .preliminary examination in English sinpe the commencement of the series, as well as some Bamples of the old matriculation and junior examination papers. ' Professor Mason and His Entertain MENTa.— Professor Mason and his party have entertained large audiences in the -Institute Hall every evening this week. The Pro* feBsorinfa racy And humorous fashion im parted a goodljcleav of phrenological, physiog nomical* and physiological instruction, and a large number of ballads, and comic songs, and instrumental selections have been rendered'. On 'Sunday evening a tutored : concert was , given .to a crowded house. Professor Mason also gave an address, on 'The Moral, and Religious .Faculties - of. Man.' Madame Willis.Xwho Ib one of the party, lectured to ladies only on Wednes day and Thursday afternoons, when there were also large attendances. On Monday evening next the Entertainment' will be a benefit to Mrr i'. Morris, the comedian of the company.;- \\- ? ? i :. *-J Fire at Buchsfelde.— The Rev. J. Roediger of Buchsfelde, sustained a heavy loss on Monday through the destruction of a large haystack by fire. It is supposed that the hay was struck by lightning at about half-past two that afternoon ju there was a very, vivid flash of the 'electric force at that time... eft was not till upwards : of an hour later that anything wrong was noticed with the stack. Then it was seen to be emitting volumes of smoke. Attempts were made to reach: tha seat; of the fire and ex? tingufah it with water, but the efforts were unavailing and the whole mass was soon in flames. The stack contained about' 100' tons of good sheaved hay and was insured until a fnrfcniotit. nr an nan when tha nnlino Inn am and was not renewed. A small stack close by was saved. The mass ooutinued to burn throughout the night and the reflection could be seen for mileB around. The S. George's Club. — 'S. George's Review,' the organ of S. George's Club, died recently agedoneissne, and has been suoceeded by ' The Messenger.' The new monthly is smaller aad less pretentious than its pre decessor, but there are evidences that it will live a respectable period, and do good work. According to the Editor ' ' The Messenger ' is a social and intellectual aristocrat. If he is tiny in*.body h? means to prove himself tremendous in brains, atoning by ambitious aims for his diminutive dimensions.' After Buch a humble declaratien readers, of course, are prepared for tbe up-to-date advertising which S. George's Club gets in its oolumns. From these we learn that the club has about 80 members, that another sports meeting will shortly be held, and that an entertain ment is projected for the purpose of clearing a debit of £10 whioh still remains. A loss of £2 10a. ? was occasioned on the issue of the 'S. George's Review.' 'The Messenger' is issued gratis, and is an excellent method of giving publicity to the doings of the club. Unclaimed Letters.— The following un claimed letters were lying at the Gawler Post- Office on August 2nd :— George Brown, W C Burkett, Geo. Brown, CFG fioetteher P Clone, J C Casey, William Carman, Miss Ellen Cleary, Miss Nellie Cullen, Jas. r*i_»_l*_n t— i._ /- ? :_i. \r:i ? t» tit r\ ? i^auipueu, (NMis Kjuraiau, juibb JV. VV. VyOX, Mrs. Daly, Mrs. E Chenweth, D. F. Can ninghatn, Edwin Chenoweth, J J Edmunds, A M S Edmunds, Miss Annee EUier, James Daly, Louis Eime, W H Guy, Miss N E Fischer, H Fritby, D Fergusson, Samuel Garey, W J Griffen, M J Fergusson, George Forby, Miss Holby, A Hatcher, Mrs E Harris, F Wm Harvey, J Kain, B Janssen, JKeane, W Jones, E Kates, Mra M Kaine, Mrs T R Jones, Mrs R Liaton, Rev Lang, J Lewis, C McKie, A J Mather, G McNamara, T Murphy, Mr Mather Jnr., J R Menzies, T Nottle, D Milne, A McLean, F Nrs S Meyers, Mrs Murphy, Mrs J O'Reilly Mrs W Meedlam, E Phillips, Mr Powle, William Pirce, August Ban, Miss Ida Rees, Jas. Robinson (dispenser), J Eilsby, C Ralke, Sarah Ross, Messrs Stephenson and Co., Theodor SchwartzkoS, P Stok«s, Miss Scott, W Shaw, N Schlooder, H L Scott, Wm Sanderson, George Thomson, AW Thomson, W S Thornton, J T Tape, Wm Whalen, GT Wright, F Wilson, F E Hay ward, W Walladge. The Poor Sparrows.— War having pre viously been declared, operations against Jack Sparrow and his tribe began this week. Ammunition in the form of poisoned wheat was obtainable at the office of the Clerk of the Mudla Wirra South District Council at Willaston, and at the Inspector's office at the Town Hall, but no great demand for the deadly artiole has yet set in. The District Council charges Id. per lb., bnt the grain supplied by the Corporation officer is 4d. per lb. The explanation is that the Mudla Wirra South Counoil patronised one of the Gawler chemists, and the Corporation the other, the latter nsing a stronger charge, of pofeon than his rival. The Willaston grain is claimed to be strong enongh to produce certain destruction, but the deadly nature of the Corporation article has already been demonstrated, for on Wednesday a boy purchased one ground of itirom the Inspector and the next -morning oalled .on that officer with 5 doz. sparrow heads. We are asked to oall attention to tbe necessity of exercis ing special care in .connection with the matter. The packages or bags which hold the poisoned grain should be destroyed, for if by any means they were subsequently nsed to hold an article of food there would, be considerable dagger to human life.' ' ' ' ? ' 