MY RIVAL'S REVENGE. AT one time in my life I had the sole charge of a signal-box on one of oui great main lines in perhaps the most desolate part of the three kingdoms-al least, it was desolate enough during the winter months. Then, except for the freight of human beings that the trains bore past at stated intervals, I 'did not see a creature Irom the time that my mate left me until the hour when he came to relieve me of my duty. But the lonely life troubled me very little, for I was of a thoughtful turn of mind, and, truth to say, at most times preferred my own company to that of others. Thanks to my own exertions, I was better educa ted than most men in my sphere ol life. I had a turn for practical engineering, too, and it was in this direction that my ambitious fancy often led me on. The railway company, in whose em ployment I had been for Some years, . had found me useful to them, and had ' been pleased to acknowledge my ser vices by promising me a position of trust and importance-such a position as men ten years my senior had waited for in vain. In a way, then, my future was secured, and I was only filling the post of signal-man until the vacancy should occur for me to drop into. Some little distance down theline where my signal-box was stationed ran the big river that gave its name to that part of the country, and over this river a bridge -the'construction of which was some what out of date-carried trains into the nen shire. Much depended upon the bridge, and one <jf my chief duties was to keep it clear for passenger trains. Goods-trains and the like that did not oome up to time were shunted off by a sharp curve into a siding that ran along by the river's bank. One November afternoon-and a typical November day it was, dark and dismal, with a heavy oppressive feeling in the air-I was at my post in the signal-box. I was not in a particularly cheerful frame of mind, but I put this down to the weather, and it certainly was enough to give any one the ' blues.' It had been blowing hard all day; but, as the twilight came on, the wind had fallen, and there was a sense of thunder in the air, while that strange stillness which portends a storm had settled over everything. I had a bright fire burning, and I rose from my seat beside it and gated, in turn, through the many win dows of my small domain. The out lying country looked very dreary; with out doubt, a storm was at hand. Even as the thought passed through my mind, there was a muffled, rumbling sound which came nearer and nearer, until one mighty crash broke overhead, and, an instant after, the whole place was filled with blue, lurid light, which made the. darkness that succeeded it more intense. Anpther rattling peal, of thunder, the sound of which echoed far find wide; ;*nd; then ' the flood-gates of heaven deemed tp open, and the "rain poured; -flownrain and tuul, that the wind lashed against this windows with a fury that seemed irresistible. It was well that my little tenement-was securely built, or such a storm must have brought it about my ears; as it was, at each blast of wind it rorked again, ana the fire was all but . extinguished by the hail that fell, hissing and spluttering, upon the burning coals. InaUmy experience I had never wit nessed anything like that storm. At no great distance, the river, swollen and turbulent, was rising above its banks, hurrying along, and bearing down all that came in its way. I was not afraid of a storm. I told myself-again and again that I was not afraid, but somehow this storm had strangely affected me. I paced my little room from end to end, brooding over ' my past life, dissatisfied with myself, and feeling-for conscience makes cowards of us all-that I would have given worlds had I been a better man. Then I tried to,recall some good deed I had done ini days gone by that would encourage me; but, instead, there came before me with startling distinctness the remembrance of a man who had been my rival-my antagonist-one Matthew Holt by name, a man who had openly and persistently avowed himself to be my enemy. It was some-years since we had parted. Poor Matthew I I could.think of him pityingly after the lapse of time, although nis last .words had been full of bitter passion, as he swore that one day he! would have his revenge. He had gone; abroad; I knew not what had become of him; he might be dead. It was not often that the thought of the enmity be tween us troubled me. When it did cross my mind, I had been wont to lay the blame entirely on him; but on that night I saw the past with different eyes. Perhaps there are other men who, look ing back to the time when .they were in the twenties, feel half contemptuous for their former selves. At any rate, that was how I felt ' Ah ! Frank Byrant,' I said to myself,1 you fancied yourself a very fine gentleman, indeed, and in many ways you were little better than a con , ceited coxcomb.'. Then, with an effort, I brought my mind back from the past into the present. The first fury of the storm was some what spent. The rain still streamed down the many panes of glass that sur rounded me, and the wind rushed by with an angry moaning sound, but the thunder was growing each moment fainter. I replenished the fire and looked about me. The signal-box, in which so many hours of my life had been spent during the last year, was lighted by several jets of gas; and fitted into their appointed places along the wall were the many mechanical contrivances, _ the use of which must puzzle the uninitiated, and upon which so much depends for the safety and despatch of our great rail way traffic. I myself was like a bit of mechanism of the whole, for docs not habit often become mechanical? And no matter how busy, my thoughts might be, there could not have been a move ment among the signals, a vibration in the electric bells, but I should have been on the alert, with eye and ear, rendered keen and watchful by long training. While I listened to the storm, I had not been forgetful that a goods-train was far behind its time, and as I turned from my fire, I had warning of its approach. It could not cross the bridge on such a night, and perhaps endanger the evening express which would soon be due, so I turned the points and sent it ofl into the siding. 1 heard it rumble past with a feeling of pity for the engine-driver and guard, who were forced to delay in such weather. As I turhed from the levers, having sent the metals back into their places, in readiness for the express, I raised my eyes, and became aware that a man's face pressed against the wet glass at the end of the box-the pane over the door. As I looked at that strange face, those wild, angry eyes, and the red hair blown about by the wind, my heart seemed to stand still with a sudden terror. I felt, indeed, as if I looked upon a ghost, for the face before me was no other than that of the man who had been haunting my thoughts for the last hour-my old enemy, Matthew Holt! For an instant "only we looked into each other's eyes, and then he disap peared. Even after I had lost sight of him, I was too bewildered to think or act; but as soon as I recovered ray pre sence of mind, I hurried forward and opened the door. The light from within showed me that the little flight of wooden steps that led to the ground had no one upon them. I went down a step or two and peered about me, but the darkness was impenetrable. I shouted out, to know who was there, but no an swer came. The rain beat in my face, and the wind was so strong that I could scarcely stand. I re-entered my box and closed the door after .me. It was then, and only then, that the conviction forced itself upon me that what I had seen was an apparition, a mere delusion on my part, causedbythemorbid influencejof the storm, and by my brooding over old times But no matter whether the face I had seen was real or imaginary, it had set me off dreaming of the past once more, and for the next few moments I* allowed my thoughts to take roe where they would. They carried me back to a time when I had gone down to that quiet little Welsh village to do my part in putting down a new line. I was smart and active-a good-looking youngster, too, in those* days; so, who could wonder that pretty i Nancy, the beauty ot the village, trans i ferred her affections from her yokel lover to-me. Matthew Holt was a powerful young giant, but ungainly enough to look at An unmannerly cub, too, in my estimation, and I treated him accord ingly. Yes, it was in that direction that my conscience reproached me, when I remembered how I had lost no opportu nity of placing him at a disadvantage and asserting my own superiority. Not content with winning for myself the prize he coveted, I must confess that there were times when I took a malicious pleasure in making my unhappy rival smart I have seen his eyes blate with passion, and, his brawny fists double themselves ready for a blow. And yet» he never laid a hand upon me; and I knew that his forbearance was only for Nancy's sake. His was an odd nature, and even I could not but admire the strength and devotion of his love. My pretty Nancy 1 How well I could remember the pride with which I carried her off as my bride from her village home, and for a while life was very sweet. But it was not.long before death claimed her, and she passed away, leav ing only a tender memory behind, which, as the years went on, seemed almost like a dream. I sat staring fixedly into the fire, living over those old times, again, and wishing, alas i an idle wish, that I had acted differently, when suddenly a cold blast of wind swept through the room, blowing the gas about and making the fire nare. The door must have come open, I thought; I could not have shut it pro perly. I rose to secure it, but before I could turn round, I received a violent blow upon my head. It was dealt with such force that I fell heavily to the ground, and for a moment lost all con sciousness. When I came to myseif, I found that I was lying on the floor, bound securely hand and foot. The door of the signal box was shut, and standing before me, hut with his eyes fixed on the levers, was Matthew Holt. He looked, as he was, years older than when we had last met; but I could have sworn to that big, loosely-made figure, and that shock of red hair, anywhere. In an instant I had realised the whole situation, and seen how completely I was in his power. Yes, the hour of reckoning .was indeed at hand. He had come, in all the strength of his brute force, to take his revenge. He seemed suddenly to be come aware that I had recovered my senses, for he turned and looked at me, and as I met the pitiless expression in those savage, bloodshot eyes, my heart turned sick and faint within me. After contemplating me in silence for a moment, he said snecrin^ly : 'So, Mr. Frank Bryant, you temembot me?' 1 Yes, I remember you,' I answered, I speaking as calmly as I could; ' and al-1 though there was not much love lost between us in the old days, I never then thought of you as a coward-one who would take a mean advantage of his enemy-Come, Matthew Holt, unbind me; let us meet on an equal footing, and I will hear what you have to say. He threw back his head and laughed, a short, mocking laugh that was not pleasant to hear. 'No, no, my fine gentleman; you don't como over me with any of your smooth-tongued speeches,' he said. There was another pause, durini; which he drew a bottle from his pocket, uncorked it, and drank. It was strong spirits, I could tell by the smell of it. I shuddered. This was not likely to improve his mood. Indeed, at the first glance 1 had noticed in his eyes that savage recklessness which conies of the madness born of drink. 1 ft seemed as if nothing could save mc. Poor Nancy ! There was no thought ol her lo come between us now, with its softening influence. In all probability, the fact of her death had but recently become known to Holt, and that would in a manner account for his appearance. As this thought passed through my mind, I watched him with a kind of fascination, wondering what the next move would be. He replaced the bottle in his pocket, and drawing the chair into a position fiom which he could see mc, sat down. ' Do you know why I am here ?' he asked.-I made no answer; and he went on : ' I will tell you. I am here to take my revenge for the brutal way in which you treated me in days gone by. Yes, Mr. Bryant, the tables, are turned; I have the upper hand now !' ' And for the sake of a foolish boy's taunts, you would risk bringing the charge of murder upon your own head !' I returned bitterly. 1 You think I intend to take your life,1 he said cooliy, ' but you are mistaken. To kill you would be to end your misery, and there are many things worse than death. It would be harder for you to live with a stain upon your name. Ruin and disgrace would bring your proud spirit down.' I was bewildered. What could the madman mean ? At any rate, it was a relief to hear that I was safe from bodily harm; for the rest, how could be touch me? ' I know all about you,' he went on 'you have got round your employers, until you think your fortunate is made ! But how will it be with the company's favourite servant, after to-night?' As he finished speaking, Holt rose and took the levers in his hand, changing the points, as I had done an hour before, so. that the next train would run, not over the bridge, but down the siding, on to the trucks of goods that were already standing there. ' What are you about ?' I cried, strug gling wildly to free myself. ' Matthew Holt, for God's sake, think what you are doing 1' He made no answer, but, leaving the points as he had placed them, resumed his seat, looking down at me with a leer of triumph, that made me see more clearly the pitiless nature with which I had to deal. The whole scene was so horrible, that I felt as if I were in the grasp of a nightmare. So this was his revenge! To ruin me, he was prepared to commit a crime so dastardly that the very thought of it made my blood run cold. God knows that at that moment no thought of my own responsibility, or the blame that would be attached to me, was in my mind; everything was swal lowed up in the knowledge of the terrible fate that awaited the evening express. I could think of nothing but of those un happy men and women that each moment brought nearer to their doom. From where I lay, I could see the clock and watch the signal, and I knew that the train was even then due. No words can describe the agony of that moment. My heart beat so that I could scarcely breathe, and every nerve in my body seemed to have a separate pulse of its own. I could only feel and think I was powerless to move. I listened, half mechanically, to the moaning of the wind and the beating of the rain upon the windows, for the storm had sprung up again with redoubled fury. Then, with one last effort, I broke into a torrent of eager words, imploring Holt, by all he held sacrcd-by the God above us-by the memory of old times-of the girl he had once loved, to pause before it was too late, and think what he was doing. I pictured the horrors of a rail way collision, and bade him remember that the blood of all those ill-fated creatures would be upon his head. But he only laughed at my ravings, telling me calmly that be had counted the cost, and that' the game was worth the candle.' It was just then that there was a movement, among the signals, and the electric bell rang out, heralding the ap proach of the express. Almost at the same instant I could hear in the distance the sharp, wild - scream of its escaping steam, and I knew that it was actually at hand. For a moment my reason seemed to desert me. I can remember rolling over upon the floor, struggling madly, passionately, to be free. But all in vain, for, as I lay there, panting and' writhing, ths train swept past. And then I remembered no more. How long .1 lay there senseless I cannot tell; it must have been hours, but it might have beeqdays and months,' from my dazed sensations as I struggled back to life once- more. As I lifted head and looked about me, my bewilder ment increased, for my room seemed full of people. Strange faces bent over me in anxious solicitude. I gazed at them blankly for a moment, then, with a rush, it all came back to me-the events of that terrible night! T sprang up, crying out wildly to know what had become of the express. An old guard whom I knew, and who was, in fact, the guard ot the express, stepped forward and laid his hand on my arm. ' She is safe,' he said impressively -' saved by your presence of mind. It was a dangerous game, my lad, but our only chance; and God be praised, it worked splendidly.' ' I could not understand him, and turned to the others for an explanation of the riddle. And bit by bit it was all made clear. It seemed that the old bridge, which had long been looked upon with suspicion by the engineers, had not been aide to stand against the storm, but had collapsed, and only a few seconds before the express should have passed over it! It wns believed that I had become aware of the perilous state of the bridge too late to stop the train, and had therefore resorted to the only other alternative-that of sending the express into the siding, after the goods-train. This in itself was emi nently risky; but, thanks to the severity of the storm, the express wns going at a reduced speed, and the engine-driver, finding himself on strange metals, had ! applied his brakes, and brought her up when within a few yards of the wagons; and thus a great catastrophe had heen averted. Every one was loud in my praise, declaring that had it not been for my presence of mind and the prompti tude of my action, hundreds of lives would have been lost! I denied this, and tried to explain what had really oc curred. Uut it was an incoherent story, and in the excitement of the moment, few paid attention to it. Holt had evidently carried out his plan of revenge to the letter, for I had been left unbound, and he had allowed no one to see him near my quarters. The next day, in the river, among the debris of the fallen bridge, the dead body of a man was found. He was a stranger in that part of the country, and I was the only one who was able to identify him. But I said as little as I could respecting him, as I had no wish to brand his name with shame. My nerves were so tried by the strain they had gone through, that I never again undertook the duties as pointsman, and the night of the great storm was the last that I ever spent in a signal-box. Chambers's. 