CHAPTER II. Rachel was -waiting in the patio of her liouKe. Sue was a true daughter of her people —young, dark, beautiful, with large eyes and i n resolute mouth. A woman capable of great passions, great love, great hatred, great devo tion. and great revenge. I \ The patio was open to the sky. It was dark, and stars were shining. The moon was not yet risen above the walls. A warm red glow came from a window to a room-wherein a-lamp was burning. Omar approached with slow steps, and JKachel received him with a soft cry of joy. There were some whispered words, and then Omar said, "But why did you bring him here?" "Hush!" said Rachel. "Arc you vexed that what I have asked yoa to do will be so much the easier done?" " In another moment the people would have I done it for you, without deceit and without treachery. But for you they must have stoned him to death." | Rachel laughed. 11 So he thinks, hut lie is I wrong," she said. "His^shrewd tongue had I already divided them and then these merchants from Tadla " 1 " At least they wonld have driven him out of Fez to-niglit," said Omar. | "And he would have returned to it in the I morning," said Rachel. 4: No. there was but one way, Omar, call it by what bad name you will." " 1 "My love, my darling! What has he done to deserve it? Mercy beseems a woman, Rachel, if vengeance befits a man." Rachel threw back her head. " And bo this madman," she began, in a low, deep voice " If he is mad it is enough to pity him," said Omar. • "The mad are sometimes dangerous," began Rachel again. "What danger is there in him? If only he , was u tyrant, a despot, a Basha ! Bathe is an | ! outcast, a pariah, all but a hsggar, and to lay hands on him is to insult calamity itself, I [ cannot do it. There is nothing to prompt me, I nothing to justify me, nothing" —helooked I at her significantly. "Nothing save one ' thing " Rachel turned aside. "Very well. Good-I Night!" she said coldly. ' t I "Tell me what he has done, and I will do | it," said Omar impulsively. \- "Hehas injured, me, deeply; very deep^ past mercy and past forgiveness," said Rachel, i j 41 And you have chosen me to avenge you?" i 441 have thosen you to avenge me." | "For what?" said Omar. : Rachel did not answer immediately. 44 That," she said at length, "is my secret." J Omar began to stammer, 44I kuow that he | deserted " 44 Make no conjecture," said Rachel. "Is it," said Omar solemnly, "is it that " ..44 Guess no more," said Rachel. 44 If," said Omar, still more solemnlv, 44 if it is " " ' Rachel turned back to him and whispered in his ear in a low voice like a caress, " Come to me when it is done and I will tell you every thing." . Then 'putting her arms about his neck,44 Love, dearest, chance has delivered him [ into our hands; bo put no more arguments to me, put them to Fate.*' Omar started at the word. " Ye3, Fato has brought me here," he said. 44 Have you not come by my appointment ?" 44 We drew lots—I, Jonas, the Jew, and j Otba." . - 44 And the lot fell to you ?" 4 4 The lot fell to me.11 There was silence for a moment, and then Rachel said, "Thisis great news. Who can i escape his destiny?" 44 Who, indeed ?" . 44 Now you can hare no fear. Heaven has j willed it." 44 It must he so. If there is any guilt in it | the guilt is not mine," said Omar. .44 Who dare say it is ?" said Rachel. Omar looked in at the window of the room where the lamp was burning. 44 What is be doing?" bo asked. 44 The Tadla merchants are with him. When he is alone I will take you to him. Then it will be man to man." 44 Aye, man to man," said Omar in a hushed whisper. 44 And when all is over everybody will say, 4 The rabble that would have stoned him to death 111 44 Yes, yes*" said Omar eagerly. 4 4 The rabble. No other man suspected." "The rabble?" continued Rachel, "fchot would have stoned him to death but for the [ daughter of Isaac Laredo have broken into her house and killed him." Omar started uneasily at the name. 44 Rachel,"-he said, 44 sometimes I think that I you and I should not be—to each other what we arc." The woman put her arms about his neck and laughed. "My dearest, when is that?" 44 When I am alone—in the night—when I cannot sleep." i There was another moment of heavy silence. 44 Come, come," said Rachel, cheerfully, 44 chase away these heavy looks. What are differences of faith to those who love? When this turbulent babbler is silenced for ever you shall hare your reward." "My darling!" said Omar. Then in a chill voice, 44 Where is he?" 44 In my father^ room—the room where my father died,1' said Rachel, in a low tone'. Omar drew back" suddenly. 44There? No, not there," he stammered. I 'Ah, ho seems to fear no ghosts," saii Rachel bitterly. - * Omar embraced her passionately. "I'll do it," he said. "My hope ! My stay I • My salvation J For your uear sake it *hail b< done!" _ He broke from her arms •with a kiss and t sigh and stepped into the house. It was now late, and the moon was dipping down into thfc ' patio. # The Muhdi was in the lamp-lit room opening on to the patio. Boobker and the merchants from- Tadia were with him. — "Mahdi," said Asad, "Fez turns its back on yon. Come with na to Tadla." "Patience," said the Sfahdi. "Fez is my mother, I am her son, and she shall yet receive me." \\*4 Stretch your leg according to your shawl* —it's a good saw," said Boobker. "You can not stay here, Mahdi; your life is not worth a pin's purchase." ' " Tadla is waiting for the trnth. Come and deliver it,""said Asad. TheMahdi considered, for a moment. Then | ho* said, "Everything is ordained! It is j written that I should go with you. "When do you leave Fez 5" Within the hour," said Asad. "I will follow.you to-morrow. Mahdi or - rophet, I am a man with a mau's affections, ..nd Fez holds all that are dear to me, my sister, her son." ""VVe will wait," said Asad. " God requite von abundantly. The present is patience, but the future breathes of revenge. I am driven away as a beggar, but I will re turn as a conqueror. Good, night I" " Good night! God bless your morning!" said the merchants, and'they left him. As well as the window to the patio there was : an open doorway to the market place. The Mahdi stepped up to this doorway and looked out on the housetops which were sleeping under the white light of the moon. The city was quiet now; the wing of night lay softly over it. "Take your last look, Mohanufied-er Rahman!" he thought. "Farewell, my mother, farewell! To-morrow yon will have the earth for your resting place, and the heavens fervour tent." | The Mahdi was turning away when Rachel drew the curtains of the door from the patio and softly entered the room. "The night is far gone," she said. "You must be very tired." - " Yes, I will lie down and sleep," said the Mahdi. • " Yes, yea; a long,, long sleep." said Rachel. ' " The sleep would have been longer, and the bed harder bat for you, Rachel," said the I Mahdi. • j "Say no more about that, Mahdi,". sho said. Rachel was moved with an awe which she dare not betray; she was seeing the room at that moment as it was on the night when she found her father lying there dead. She drew up a mattress and thought, "That 5s the very spot." Then she suid aloud, "Gome, lie here.". The Mahdi lay down. " Yon saved my life, Rachel. God will requite you," he said. "He does not remember," thought Rachel. Then aloud as before, "I will tarn the stove, Mahdi. My father always liked it 60." She turned the brass stove so that the soft red glow might fall on theMahdi's swarthy face. " Ah, yes, your poor father !" said the Mahdi. "God rest him!" < "Amcu! Amen!" said Rachel. -They were only words, idle words. " Courage • Courage! Ha does not care," she thought. A harp stood in a comer of the room. " Shall I sing yoa to 1 sleep!" she said sweetly. "My father always loved it." \- The Mahdi looked other and smiled wearily. " Yon are still anxious about me, Rachel. But there is nothing to fear now. Go to your rest Goodnight!" * "No," said Rachel. "I shall never deep until you are sleeping." " The world and all things in it are good, but the goodliest thing in the world is a good woman,*' said the Mahdi. • "Now hush! hush!" said Rachel. Then she played 6oftly and sang in a low tone that was like a lullaby— ~ " Camel driver, camel driver, "Why weep ye so sore ? ' The love that was my love, I may love no more.'* The heart of the Mahdi was touched. Ah, Rauhd," said he, "but for the freaks of fate what joy of life thete might have been for you and me ! Yet the loss is mine only. Omar is brave, and you are gentle. The perfect man is but a brave woman, the perfect woman is but a gentler raun." Rachel stopped. " How can I sing, Mahdi, if you talk so V" she said. " How beautiful you are, Rachel; how very beautiful!" "Not a word more now—not one little word. Hush! Hush ! " - She played again without singing. After ^ while she rose and approached the mattress.* The Mahdi was asleep. " Asleep! " she thought. "Now is the time. Yet my heart misgives me. His words were liko poisoned arrows. * You saved my life, God will requite you.' 'How beautiful you are, how very beautiful.* 'But for the freaks of fate what joy of life there might have been for you and me ? * Must it bo ? Must it be ¥ Yet he was cruel then, aud now he's callous. Look, ho can sleep on the very spot, the very spot where I found my father in his blood. Ugh! The door stood open and ho was gone." Sho stepped aside. "It must be done," sho' thought. " Surely heaven directed my choice of Omar. He loves me, and the lot fell to him. He will do it—ho will do it." Ik king up the lamp she went no;je!e°slf cat of the room. No light remained except that of the stove falling on the Mahdi, and some rays, of moonlight which came through the window to the patio. [to be yzzx ysxx 1. 