[?] FOOTBALL FLASHES. « (By "Quilt.") A win for New South Wales by 4 to 3 ! It does not read too good for New Sooth Wales, nor too bad for Queensland. I've heard a great many people talking abont tho gamo. Some say it was grand ; a few describe it. as brilliant ; but I was qnito unable to find a feature in it above those of an ordinary senior club match. Of course it was even, with play favoring the sides alternately, but an evenly con tested gauie does not necessarily make a brilliant display of football. Perhaps too much wgs expected, and the old saw sayB that if you expect much you are sure to bo disappointed. Well, I'm not going to expect too much . this aftornoou, and perhaps I shall be agreeably surprised. In that ovont we'll all enjoy ourselves very much. Last Saturday's match is pretty stale by this timo, so I shall not burthen you with a long account of tho play. You saw tho match, have read very, very charming nccounts of it in the daily Press, . and are now concentrating your attention upon tho return gamo to-day. However, we must not forget that New South Wales has won one gamo, and thatnext to Colquhoim for kicking tho goal in his most approved style, young Charlie Wliito did most to barn tho win. Ho is a beautiful tackier, and very, speedy, too. If Charlie wero a bit taller he'd mnko a very formid able bobby. If Willy Warbrick has sense this aftornoon he'll steer cloar of the youth ful Maitlandcr. Percy Colquhoun's goal was a beauty, Rut Percy's general play was far from first- class. Ho didn't bother much abont his wings, and lie didn't deign to tacklo a man savo from behind. We expect bettor things from the shifty old-tinle University champion to-day. i " Billy Warbrick is pretty tough goods, but oven his weather-worn frame could nob stand all tbo knocking- about ho got. White gave him some gruelling spills, and Jimmy M'Mahon, wound up by laying liitu out with a bad collar-bone. » Bullmoro is a. big schoolboy, so they say, and tho Queonslandors think that he is a second Abbott. Some day ho may shine liko Abbott; but at present his ideas of . playing tho centre three-quarter game are . liazy. Bullmoro can run and dodge, as once or twico ho showed us. Perliaps this afternoon ho will show to more advantage. Pred Ivory, tho dusky- thinned three- quarter, is a most intelligent and well-' educated young man. He is a dab at athletics, having of ton scooped tho pool at school. He played agood defensive game on Saturday, but did not got tho ghost of a chanco to scoro. » - Goondi Hensler looks as if he lias bad some very tough morsels to tickle. Thero are lumps out of. his cheeks and chin, in fact one would think that ho had been ploughing the ground with his face. . ' "Yorkio" O'Shea and .pretty Porcy Colquhonn resemblo each other in their stylo of play, inasmuch as neither cares about tackling hard, or even tackling at all. » Breroton is evidently the best half-back among the Queenslanders. He put in a \- lot of Bplendid work on Saturday, especially when the Light Blue were making things hum. Danny Allman was also seon to advantage a few times.. » ' ' "Paddy. Lane is not half the player he was last year. I have never seen a man go off so much," said a Qneenslander looking pn at the big game. Then.qnofch a great, big tall man. yon. all know or ought to know, "Jim Mac- aaflamey's-umpiro; that's sufficient." And now that all is over, I think Mr. William Warbrick acted injudiciously in asking for J. P. M'M. alter -Sefton was ap pointed. It shows a fault-finding disposi tion, for surely tho knowing Billy did not think tho Rugby Union was springing a novico on him. William Warbrick and Dr. William Gilbert Grace would run well in doublo harness. Old Grace tried to run tbo show whon Lord Sheffield's cricket team was liore. Tho N.S.W. Cricket Association appointed two umpires, but old W.G. brought a man | from Melbourne, and said he had appointed him. Jack Portus told the good old Doctor that sncli things might bo dono in tho old world, but thoy wero out of date liero. W.G. wouldn't listen to it until it got to the ears of that prince of patrons, Lord Sheffield. Tho old Earl promptly sat upon W.G., who had to walk out to tho field crushed, ignored, and over-ruled. The Rugby Union being the managing body in theso parts, should not have listened to Mr. Sefton's resignation. i » » Joo Woods and his Queensland name sake both played up in rattling style on Saturday. The Queenslander is a bit of a dab iu tho opon. . Thoy say that 6ome of the Light Blue forwards did a lot of loafing in' the scrum last Saturday. If they do the same to-day they'll get beaten, for tho Bananalnnd boys are out to win, with lightning in those, sweet orbs of thoirs. » » Tho- WallarooB are bent on licking the Pirates next Saturday. If they play the kind of game they did; against the Unis the Pirates will.fall. » ' I have received a circular to the effect that tho Juniors have engaged tho whole of tho family circle at the Lycontn'for- Monday next to entertain tho Queensland team. The amiable gentleman who sent the circular wants a free ad., but ho forgot, to send a ticket. Messrs. Vaughan and Somerville will no doubt patronise Searle'a and shy a few bouquets at tbe pretty pow dered girls on tho Btago as of yore. It is part of the programme. Tho Juniors playod like a lot of: tliird- rators against tho Goulburn follows. In endeavoring to strengthen (?) their team for Monday's match against Queensland tho selectors have omitted Burkitt, one of the best performers. Unless they show very much improved form they are sure to get a drubbing. There are no bald-headed juniors about this year. Tho return match between N.S. Wales nnd Queensland is to tako place-to-day. Tho boys from abovo have changed their team, and they tell us confidentially that it is stronger than last Saturday's. I was not enraptured with what our fellows did last Saturday, and if thoy do not show better form Qneonsland will mako thing3 even to-day. » » It is about timo tlie Rugby Union thought of getting a ground of their own. This is not new ; but it takes a lot of ram ming homo. » I would liko to see a match in downright earnest between tho N.S.W. representative team and tho following fifteen Cobb, fall-back ; Roberts, H. Road, and ' Surinan, three-quarters ; Galloway and H. C.Moses, halves ; Honlon and Edwards (of New castle), wing forwards ; Wobb, Arthur Scott, Tannor, A. -G. Eraser, Walkor, J. Eraser, and Walsh, forwards. It would bo a level money go. 9 » Little Johnnio Bain, the well-known Arncliffe dribbler, is training hard for one, of tho harrier races. When he starts the. Arncliffe lads intend to plank tho dollars on him. . ' ' » ' Tbe Austin and Hawkins will play wing threo- quartors for Queensland .to-day, O'Shea standing out,- and Ivory taking M'Cowan's place at fnB-back. Tho Queons- Infidera reckon that these changes con siderably strengtlion their defence. If so, how is New South Wales to scoro ? Arthur Austin, or, to bo familiar, Ike Austin, is not at all unknown in Sydney. A- year or two back, as a youth, lio batted with a good deal of consistency for the Corio Crickot Club. He has altered some what since then, and is now not only a pretty fair crickoter and a very suro threo- quarter, but ho is a great favorite with tho ladies. He plays the piano liko Kowalski, sings liko Newbury, and has tho amiability of Mr. J, J. Calvert. » Moff Austin is, so our follows say, the best scrum forward in tho Queensland team. Ho is a recruit from Now South Wales. Moff is not only a tip-top foot baller, but be is one of tlie finest bowlers in tho Northern colony — if not actually the finest. Ho and Arthur are brothers to big, stout, Jack Austin (tho burly wicket- keeper) and Jim (who represented N.S.W. a few years ago).' » The captain of the Queenslanders did not wait for tho Hospital Ball at Bathurst on Wednesday night. He caught tho 11 o'clock train, braved the snow, and reachod Sydney ou Thursday morning. At tho Empire ho went to tho bathroom to undergo tho usual dip. Whilst there some light- fingered thief camo along and lifted Billy Warbrick's watch, chain and gold medals, besides throo sovereigns, which were left in his bedrcom. The Bied ox- presses its deepost sympathy with tho Queensland crack. A peculiar thing about Arthur Austin is that ho comos on to the field with his hair neatly parted in tho centre and nicely curled up at the side of his cap. Ho is a very enorgetie player, does a lot of fast and clever work, and yot when he comes back ab tho finish not a hair of his head is ruffled. Lucky fellow. Taffy Parish, like Happy Eyre, has one of his groat desires gratified. Tall is off : with tho team for Melbourno, and when ho returns the ancient one will look ambi tiously towards Now Zealaud. Moro power to hiiii. Monty Arnold wasn't on the lino on Saturday — one ..of tho wonders of the cen tury. r . Mr. Don Fitz-Callaghan Bain, a member of the Queensland party, is a clover cus tomer. Ho sings a comic song in a way that knocks Jack Mannix into smithereens. His "Hurrah for tho German Gth" at the reception was choice. He sang " Ada's Sorenado " at tho Tivoli last night in tip-' top style. » » Happy Eyre has achieved his great ambition — he lias been selected A3 a repre sentative footballer. This is an example . of what perseverance and determination will do for one. Happy was a rare waster last year, but he's not at all a bad forward now. 9 Billy Warhrick is a good and very clover footballer, but ho is somowhat selfish. One would think that a man who has been campaigning so long would bo free from such a failing. It's nover too late to mond, and perhaps tho Queensland skipper will mend this aftornoou. Tho selectors evidently regard Frank Surinan and Jack Frnser as " has boens." Frank is, barring Abbott, the most useful three- quarter in Sydney, and yot Taffy Parish jand W. Read get into the Mel bourne team beforo him. The selectors ' are off their heads. In tho event of Randwick defeating tho Uni'B and then winning the CricketGround Cup it will be one of the severest knocks the selectors could possibly got. A stiffer sot-bnek will be the meetiug of Pirates and Randwick in tho final. Somo wag sent a letter to " H. P. . Abbott, Esq., Captain University F.C.," tho other day; and when tlie groat Abbe ' opened it, can you guess what was inside ? i The contents did not contain a beseechiug appeal to appear for New South Wales to day ; -nor did it unfold a now and certain cure for that confounded influenza. But' the letter did contain two lolly-sticks. Tho follow who Bent it displayed a very high sense of humor, and is evidently a wag. Two lolly-sticks ! Rather rough on H.P., his influenza, and his patriotic sentimentality. Holmes, tho .Qneonsland forward, con siders himself a regular CliarloB Ryley — possessing all tho graces known to mascu line boauty. Ono of tho boys from the land of tlie banana and black fellow tolls a joke in which Mr. Vanity Holmes figured. The clover songster Jimmy Bain was talking to. Percy Colquboun and Joe Woods tho other day in town. Presently Mr. Holmes camo along with tho rep. cap on his hoad, and his liair religiously brushed up or plastered down, just to give tbo Sydney girls a treat. The comic man, looking at Holmos' hoad, said : , ' Como hero, Holmes. You haven't got that qnite right. Just allow me (touching a supposed protruding hair from tho cap). Ah ! that's better !" "Thank you," repliod the Adouis, in his blandest aud softest tones, and thon walked on. Tlie Queenslanders had a look at our 'Arbor yesterday, and of course thoy said it was rory nice. Old fat George Wiburd got a bad gruel ling in tho Bathurst match on Wednesday, and the selectors have put Loban, of Orange, into tbo team in his place. » The big battle is to be played over again to-day. A bigger crowd is expected, a better exposition of Rugby is anticipated, and everything — with fine weather thrown, in — is to bo on a grander scale. Even the Queenslanders, who aro in high glee since they beat the Bathurst boys, expect to win. The Welshmen naturally think that they nre going to win again ; but if so I'm afraid they'll have to play up a bit better than they did last Saturday. Tlie Light- Blues — beastly colors for a football team — have two alterations in the forwards. Sawyer and Lohan are in and . Mopro and Wibnrd aro ont, and I have an 'idea that the effect will bo of a strengthen ing nature. I was talking to a friend in George-street on Thursday afternoon, when an old-timo -footballer came along. Both of us knew him — knew him well. He's a hearty old buffer, with a preponderance of belly, and after getting his wind, remarked: "I see that the Refkeeb says that Britten was lost sight of among our for wards. Now, in my days it was thought to be a very great complimont if anyone said that of a man. But times liavo changed. Tho forward who hangs out of the scrum waiting for chances to shine is tlie man who gets all tho credit in these days, and the unfortunate hard worker in tho scrum gets ignored. Manifestly un fair." There is a good deal of truth in this. The N.S. Wales team will leave for Now Zealand on August 18, tlie day on which tho Agricultural Ground semi-finals aro to be played. , » There are four country representatives in the .team which loft for Melbourno on 1 Thursday, and three in tho team to play for the colony to-day. They are gradually getting their rights after a long fight. - Charlie White, tho Maitland boy, doesn't drink, and has novor been in pub. iu liis lire. What a record ! It would, be well if . some of the Sydaey boys could say Buch a thing of themselves. They would now be healthier, wealthier, and wiser. » » Billy Macpherson is at home in tlie old country now. The old Randwick skipper figures in a now light — a racy writer. We always knew that Billy was a speedy sport; but judging by his letters to "The Prod." he is a very racy man with the pen. He does not forgot that little opisodo in tho Randwick-Uni final ; but he seems to have been smitten by the Yankee maidens. Faithless fellow. « » The football team for New Zealand will i be very weak, unless some of the men get loss of salaries recouped. Even then it will not be too strong. Billy Warbrick says that Hughey Fish played a very fine wing-forward game at Bathurst, and that he i3 the best man be lias seen in N.S.W. this year. Rush Nelson got across tho line last Saturday after somo capital passing, but the ball was recalled for a pass forward at tho 25yds by Colquhonn. Jim Macmana- meyliad his eyos widely open, because tho pass forward was very, very slight. » The Queenslanders are to bo picnicked at National Park to-day. General Manager Stockham and his satellites aro making huge preparations, and thoy say tho doacC head creepers who always manage to crawl in will be wiped out on this occasion. Wo shall soe. » All taking) part in tho Sunday Times "Football Flatter for a Fiver" aro re quested to send in their coupons oacb week. Specimons of the voting for tho " Best Six Footballers " to-morrow. 