THEATRICAL & LITEUAKY GOSSIP. [From our Special Correspondent.! London. SentemVuw 9't 180.4 The advance booking at the Adelphi is th* heaviest known for many years. Evidently 'Tbe Fatal Card' will run well into 1895. Mr. Murray Caraon, who playa the villain' Forester with such torce, has of course been interviewed. He tells therein of a quainfr incident which befell him when playing Laa aoulitch, in *' The Red Lamp.' In one of the* important scenes of this play, vou mav m.- member, the Pole has to use a knife. Mr. Carson, unfortunately, was so nervous his hold \ slipped and the dagger spun ouft of his hand. , 'lsaw,' he Bays, 'the glitter of steel as ifo^ flashed over the footlights and sped straight* towards the sfcaUs. There was a gasp in the bouse, for the weapon darted directly towards*, gentleman sitting in the middle of the front* row. Luckily the orchestra barrier stopped it, , and there in ehe rail it stuck quivering.' Th» individual in peril was Mr. Joseph Chamber lain. An old broken-down cab horse which, dis guised in sumptuous trappings, carries a mediaeval monarch in the drama now enacted nightly at the Montparnasse Theatre, Paris, . oreated a rare Btir on Saturday evening. » Usually the poor be&3t appears hardly able to ; raise its padded feet from the ground, bub on : Saturday at the very moment of the equestrian;-; hero's triumphal entry it commenced to kick. The supers, faithless to their trust, ; instantly fled with the other actors, and the victorious monarch was lefs alone with his cantankerous steed, facing an amused and ex cited audience. There was a moment of sus pense, and then the horce reared straight up, ; and coming down with a jerk shot his vic torious majesty neatly into the prompter's box, ? his legs alone remaining visible. What) would have happened had the prompter been in his place Heaven alone knows. Fortunately he was not, and the luckless monarch by-and-bye emerged bind foremost with a bleeding nose aad bulbous forehead. Amidst much laughter he then snuffled off, but nothing would per suade him to go through the scene again. Ultimately he cried without, ' What ho ! there, ? varlete, I prithee take hence my prancing steed !' and entered afoot. This renewed the hilarity of the audience, who for some time laughed so that the piece could not proceed. Mr. Wilson Barrett is about to produce in ' the provinces a play of such an audacious character that he ' shrinks from the thought' of what will be said of it. Nevertheless he opines that if the critics object thereto they ; must logically insist on the bowdlerisation of tbe commandments and the elimination from the Bible of numerous notable and instructive passages. As an advance 'advt.' this announcement is distinctly good. We have yet to see Dr. Conan Doyle's play let ' A Story of Waterloo' in London, but the critics who went down to Bristol for the premiere last Thursday are enthusiastic con cerning both its workmanlike character and Mr. Irving's wonderful fetudy of old age as the hero. Setting aside the rhapsodies of Mr. Clement Scott — who, like the scribe in 'A Rising Star,' is rather apt to belaud indis criminately the efforts of our only tragedian — it seems to be generally agreed that living's Corporal Breweter will rank amongat his tiueat impersonations. Let me, however, give you from the reports in the Lon don papers some idea of tbe piece. Corporal Gregory Brewater (a Waterloo veteraa),in his old age and indigence, is visited by his grand-niece Norah, who comes to care for him in his declining hours. As the play opens she is preparing the old man's breakfast when Sergeant McDonald, K.A., arrives, and announces that his comrades in the local artillery depot, having beard that the old soldier was not so well looked after as 'he might be, had commissioned'; him to ascertain what could be done to relieve and comfort him. Attracted by a medal hanging in a frame be lowers it from the wall and reads aloud bo the newly-installed young housekeeper . a newspaper excerpt ap pended to the medal embodying a con temporary record of a brilliant deed of daring performed by the corporal during the Waterloo engagement. On McDonald's exit the introduction is thus paved for the ap pearance of Corporal Brewster, who in a domestic scene with Norah displays the infi nite care bestowed by Mr. Irvinpr in his character- study of all the liatle touches of senile decay. The band of a marching regi ment is heard, and the old man, nearing the window and fired with enthusiasm, relates the incident of his being decorated by the Regent for his heroism, and the cherished rtpartee that when H.R.H. said, 'The regiment ia proud of you,' the cor poral responded, 'And I'm proud of the regiment,' and the first gentle man in Europe retorted, ' And a d ? d good answer, too !' Serjeant McDonald, return ing, has a cheery interview with Brewster, who cries like a child on the accidental dropping and breakage of his clay pipe, warms into martial ardor at mention of service exploits, and anon whines at the distress caused him when the Hies are 'too owdaeious.' He handles the sergeant's breechloading rifle, and compares it disparagingly with the Brown Besa of his day, gives veufc to surmises what ' the Dook' would have thought) of certain incidents in modern warfare, is puerilely grateful for the present of a wooden pipe, and, in a series of skilfully-devised typical changes of subject, betrays the effect that old age has wrought ou his mental vigor and his sensi bilities. The girl, being again Jeft alone with her grand uncle, seeks to please him by an offer to read from his Bible, and is urged to select passages from Joshua on account of: the battles recorded therein, and of the old man's belief that there will be a 'last final fight' ia midst of tbe peace of the next world, and that his old regiment will be there, ''and the Dook.' Another visitor arrives in the person of Colonel Midwinter, now commanding the veteran's oid reeiment, who brings pecuniary relief on behalf of his brother officers. At his solicitation Brewster recounts the Hougomont incident of Waterloo, illustrating the tactical positions by a paregoric bottle, a pili-box, an inhaler, a pipe, &c;, with a quaint intermix ture of infantile engrossment and manly enthusiasm ; a-nd at the close o£ xihe interview he makes a pathetic appeal that when his end comes the colonel will not grudge him 'a flag and a firing party,' for he would like to think! that ' two lines of Guardsmen' would honor his end. The earnest intensity with wuiuu uuis aypt?ui ia ii'aue i;uust,iuuut:ti iu uue oi the strongest features in the dialogue and the interpretation of the piece, and secures a rear of acclamation from the front. The colonel accedes ani departs ; the old man. wearied with his effort, sinks into slumber, and the sergeant returns. In a gently-tuned, tender passage with his maiden admirer, McDonald throws a ray of lightness and light on the situation, when suddenly the oid warrior, rising from his seat in a dream, shouts aloud a battle-cry of the Guards and falls dead in his chair. ' The Derby Winner,' notwithstanding its 37 principals, 300 supers, and six raue horses would, off the big stage at Drury-lane, seem a very ordinary melodrama indeed. But at our so-calied National Theatre it pleases even the most hypercritical playgoer. I think myself, indeed, that these colossal autumn concoctions are far greater proofs of Sir Augustus Harris's managerial capacity than the Christmas pantomimes. His method is to select halfa dozen sensation scenes, and to write or set others to write up to them. One would think such a system was bound to fail, but itdoesn'o. ' The Derby Winner' titory runs beautifully smoothly. The idea was^ as^ first, I believe, to dramatise Hawiey Smart's ' Bound to Win.' But Sir Augustus rejected the leading motive as insufficiently strong.' So the authors fell back on the Family Herald. In the opening act — a splendid set showing the family mansion of the Earl of Desborough — we learn that that over-fast young nobleman is on the verge of ruin, and that only his colt Ciipstone winning the Derby can by any pos sibility sava him. Naturally the scoundrel of the piece (none other than our old friend Chas. Gartwright) wishes to prevent that devoutly to be desired consummatioc. He has a horse in the raoe himself, and, furthermore, he hates Lady Des borough. Did she not once sDtirn his love with contempt ? So for three long acts Major Mostyn (to give him his stage name} success fully carries out the good old game of stage villainy. By a venerable letter device he makes Lady Desborough believe the worst concern ing her husband and an adventuress yclepfi Vivien Darville, and when after a tremtndons scene at the military ball her ladyship leaves the earl it is in -Mo&tyu;'s company. She trusts the major of course, but he soon un deceives her as to his intentions, and just as the unfortunate woman learns sha is irre trievably compromised Desborough bursts in upon them and denounces her. With the ruin of his home and the sale of his horses at TattersaTJ's Desborough's troubles culminate. But Mostyn is not allowed to gf-t Ciipstone. Mrs. Jno. Wood, who as the jovial goodnatured eporfeing Duchess of Milfcrd audaciously caricatures Lady Gerard, comes to the rescue. After au ex'jicing auction scene she buys the Derby favorite for the earl and the hors9 returns to his old stabies. In the next act the earl and countess ara reconciled over their child's sick bed, and Mostyn as a laet resource gets at Ciipstone'rt jockey. Des borough's trainer and original jookey have been alienated through believing him to be the seducer of the former's little girl. Fortunately juso in time they learn Mostya was the culprit. The jockey thereupon throws off the latter's jacket and donning Desborough'* rides Ciipstone to victory. Tha chief scenes are the military ball (a triumph of sumptuous realism), the trial of the horses on SLalton Downs, the sale at Tattersall'e, the paddock at Epsom, and the Downs on Derby Day. To all who care to understand the descrip tion of brain-softening which overtakes even fairly intelligent persons who succumb to spirit seancms, tahle-turnicjr, &c;, I strongly recommend Miss Florence Marryat's new book.'1 16 is called 'The Spirit World'' and meant to be 'creepy,' bat the authoress only manages fco be (quite unconsciously) rather funny. Her ?Dories of manifestations, materialisations, prophecies, dreams, and so on, are old and stale as her spirits. The latter are of a type and all the names bo familiar at amateur table - turnings recur. John King is here once again, and Ned and Joey, likewise Mr. Stead's too-confiding Dewdrop. It is Dewdrop who instructs the novice as to the preparation of a 'perfect seance room.' It is nob a cheery chamber — de void of carpets, curtains, hangings, and pictures; furnished only with a deal table -without a table-cloth, and with chairs which must be cane- seated, 'so as to let the in fluence through.' We cannot help feeling that Dewdrop makes an unpleasant reflection npon the personal habits of her fellow sojournera beyond the veil when she orders that the morning after the seance the window must be thrown open and the table ana chairs ecrnbbed with soap and water! 'Sitters' (the word is Miss Marryat'e) who have a musical ear will be grateful to Dewdrop for one piece of advice. Sing, she Bays, Bine by all means, for the action of using the voice 'thro we off the aura which the spirits use to work with;' only, she cried, 'let it be in har mony.' It is aa well, too, Miss Marryat tells us at the end of the volume, sometimes to learn a new song or two, for even the most patient ghost will revolt at last against 'The sweet by-and-bye,' and she caps her re commendation with a pointed instance : — 'A circle being requested to 'tune up,3 commenced the immortal, aever-fading 'Shall we gather at the river?' As they ceased an influence manifested itself unknown to anyone there. On being asked who he was he answered — *I am the unhappy composer of Shall we gather at the river. Had my life been twice as sinful as it was I should have expiated everything by the purgatory I have suffered in hearing that tune sung so often and so badly at your various meetings. Cannot you possibly find something else to sing? I am sick to death of it' ' Mis3 Marryat was once speaking to a spirit called Aimee. ' Do you eat and drink in your sphere, Aimee, and what do you wear? And do you ever sleep?' she asked. ' What a lot of questions you ask at a time, bat I am not sure if may answer them alL Yea, we eat and drink, but not the same Bortof things that you do. We can clothe ourselves with our thoughts — i-c, anything which we may think of ap pears upon us, that is why spirits that visit their friends after death often seem to be wearing the clothes they did whilst on earth. Because in thinking of returning they have thought, perhaps, of the last tune they saw the friend they wish to visit, and so the clothes they wore then appear with them.' If a certain discrepancy in giving evidence be, as lawyers tell us, a sort of proof of the general credibility of the witnesses, the veracity of Mies Marryat and her spirit friends is beyond all cavil and question. In more than one place we are told that the note of the life beyond the grave is progress, development. Yeo babies in arms appear many years after death still in arms; and the ghost of a poor lunatic woman, dead this century or more, still howls and plays fan tLjcie tricks in the house in which she was incarcerated. Again, Miss Marrjat is very severe npon those who preach the now almost discredited doctrine of a physical hell. But according to the testimony of Phyllis G ? the conditions of the after-life differ not bo very widely from the ' Inferno' of Dante : — 'She has told me that the sphere in which she was first located was too awful for descrip tion^ She said it was a country without ver dure or~ water or light. That it was always dusk, and the ground was composed of cinders, so that walking was painful, and the spirits for the most part crawled about it on their knees. This spirit had indulged in drink ing whilst oa earth, and her agony 'while v?ine or beer was on the table or in the room, to find she could no longer indulge in it, was terrible to listen to. Fancy the filthy-minded and impure in body being submerged in a sea of slime too horrible for words to describe, which gets into their mouths and nostrils, and clings to their gar ments, and besmirches every part of them with its fo.ul stench and feelings. This is what 'Dewdrop' told me the other day was tbe sphere for those men and women who forget their sex and their humanity.' By way of finale I quote the following edifying anecdote. The hero is a spirit called 'Uncle,' who had always declined to show his face until his nephew, 'Christopher,' another spirit, declared that it was because he was too much ashamed of it : — ' Goaded on by this libellous accusation, Uncle at last an nounced that he was coming out of the cabinet fully materialised. We were all much interested to hear this, as it is pleasant to meet a friend you have known through mental converse for so long, face to face ; so we were on the tiptoe of expectation to make the per sonal acquaintance of uncle. Presently, after several ineffectual attempts, which were heralded by soornful laughter from his un dutiful nephew, poor uncle issued from the cabinet. Bui either he had miscalculated his physical strength, or he did not know the difficulties of materialisation ; for, in the first place, he was not half the size he ought to have been, and, in the second, he commenced to tumble to pieces as soon as he encountered the mortal gaze fixed on him. He just managed to hobble round half the circle, hold ing hid drapery together as if it were too long, and he should stumble over it, when, as be had reached] the middle of the room, sad to relate, poor uncle tumbled right down on the floor and began to melt away. He would \ have dematerialised altogether before us had not John King thrust his hand out 'of the cabinet, and Beizing hold of uncle's remains pulled them bodily out of sight. I shall never forget the effect of uncle being pulled off the stage like a bundle of rags, nor the shrieks of laughter with which his efforts were rewarded.' There must be vitality indeed in the belief which will - survive unshaken, the spectacle of a spirit hobbling round tbe room 'holding its drapery together.' Mrs. Mannington Caffyn'e experiences as a hospital nurse, tome of which are embodied in her husband's 'Miss Milne and I' will form the groundwork of 'Children of Circum stance.' Another lady novelist) whose first work, like that of Mrs. Caifyn, made a great stir, but who failed to follow it up immediately, i& Mrs. Margaret L. Woods, the author of a vivid picture of rural life entitled ' A Village Tragedy,' published in 1887. One hears with interest she has completed a new one-volume tale called ' The Vagabonds' which Bentley IB about producing. The advanced school of lady novelists do not propose to aUow us to forget them this autumn. In addition to 'Children of Circum stance' and George Egerton's 'Discords' Mrs. Craieie (Jno. Oliver Hobbes) will give as a first long story directly. The cum brous title selected ia 'The Gods, Some Mortals, and Lady Wiekenham.' Miss Sara Duncan (Mrs. Cates) also promises ' Veraon'a Aunt,' the Anglo-Indian experiences of an elderly virgin, first published in the Idler. Edna Lyall'a ' Doreen' will be brought out next month by Longmans, and Innes & Co. promise the just now enormously popular Stanley Weyman'a 'My Lady Rotha' about the same time. In the latter Mr. Weyman goes to Germany and the 'Thirty Years War' for a setting. Conan Doyle's series of doctors' yarns has been christened 'Bound the Red Lamp.' Rider Haggard's brother, Liieutenant-Cplonel Andrew Haggard, D.S.O., who wrote a read able story called 'Ada Triscott,' two years ago, is just putting the finishing touches to 'Tempest Tom,' a novel in one volume, which Messrs. Hutchinson have undertaken to produce. 'Both Worlds Barred,' by Mrs. Sydney Kean, relates the woes of a PresbyEerian minister who Btraysinto the ways of agnosticism and loses bis sweetheart in consequence. This will be published by A. & C. Black, who also announce Mr. Maelaren Cabban'a new tale of adventure, 'Tbe White Kaid of Atlas,' a romance on similar lines to the author's excit ing 'Red Sultan.' Sampson Low announce a 2a. 6d. edition of famous works of travel uniform with tbe re issue of BlackV, Blaokmore's, and Clark Russell's novels. They will include Major Wingats's 'Ten Years' Captivity in the Mahdi's Camp,' Stanley's 'How I Found Livingstone,' 'The Great Low Land,' 'The Cruise of the Falcon,' and other books now in the firm's 7s. 6d. series. In an amusing article on printers' and journalists' blunders the Pali Mall Magazine re calls that on one occasion Sir William Harcourt having quoted from the Acts the well-known saying ''Great is Diana of the Ephesians' was transfixed to find himself reported as observing 'Great Diana! what a farce this is.' Mr. T. D. Sullivan relates that a line in one of the most perfect of his poems com mencing — Behold thfr sheet of fire, was ruined by an intelligent 'comp.' who would have it — Behold thia shirt's aftire, and the late Lord Carnarvon fared nearly as badly. 'In these days,' said his lordsbip, 'every clergyman is expected to have the intellect and wisdom of a Jeremy Tavlor.' The pressman unfortunately had never heard of that divine and always Bwore the nobleman said as he re ported, 'the intellect and wisdom of a journeyman tailor.' Wrong stops are alBO occa sionally disastrous. An American lady re porter wishing to hint a famous dresser was not as smart as usual at a certain ball said — ' Mrs. Brown wore nothing in the shape of a dress that was remarkable.' To her own and Mrs. Brown's horror the 'oomp' put it — 'Mrs. Brown wore nothing in the shape of a dress. That was remarkable.' Hypatia Bradlaugh's (Mrs. Bonnor's) record of her father's life and work will be issued during the current publishing season in two volumes, and a selection from the correspon dence of James Russell Lowell and Miss Cartland's 'Life of Whittier' are almost ready. Mr. Gladstone has, it is announced, pro mised to write an introduction for 'The People's Pictorial Bible History,' one of those bulky and usually unreadable works which the American book touc makes a curse to our happy homes. The Shephard Company, ot Chicago, are responsible tor this particular literary mixture, and Archdeacon Farrar and other experts in Scripture will contribute ?thereto. The latest additions to the really admirable edition of the historical romances of Alexander Dumas which J. M. Dent & Co. have under taken to bring out in England are the revo lution novels. These open with the ' Memoirs of a Physician,' are continued m the 'Queen's Necklace,' 'Ange Pitou,' and the 'Com- tesse d_e Charny,' and conclude with ' The Chevalier de Maison Rouge.' The supe riority of the Dent edition to the ordinary cheap one is that the works have been translated by a scholar with some comprehension of the spirit of the age. Also there are excellent explanatory introductions. Your public libraries and institutions which can afford this Dumas should make a point of adding it to their shelves. The novels make capital read ing, and give one some idea of the history of France, of which precious few folks nowadays know anything. Those who like myself did not read ' The Ebb Tide' when it was running in To dap or the colonial papers have a treat before them. Though the story from beginning to end has but four characters, and cannot boast even the whisk of petticoat, it is one of the most powerful pieces of work Stevenson has recently given us. Rolf Xk-ldrewood, in his ' Modern Buccaneer,' paints similar scenes and similar men. They are, however, but shadowy sketches beside Stevenson's ruthlessly drawn realities. The beachcombers of 'The Ebb Tide' are the genuine article. Mr. ZangwilL, the author of 'Ghetto Tragedies,' 'Children of the Ghetto,' and other remarkable novels of Jewish life, affords in his own person a striking instance of what the energetic youner Hebrew can achieve. Born in poverty, he received his early educa tion at the Red Cross School in Bristol. Leaving there at 14 young Zangwill came to London and secured scholarships, which kept him going till he took his B.A. at 20. He then began to scribble for comics papers, and about six years ago edited a now defunct weekly called Ariel. At present Zangwill makes not far short of £2,000 a year by his pen. Mr. William Lefanu who died in Dublin last week was a brother of the author of 'Uncle Silas' and other eerie novels. He himself produced an admirable volume of ' Recollections of Irish Life,' which abounds in quaint and original etories and traits of Irish social life. The series of 'English Classics' which W. E. Henley is editing for Methuen & Co. will be printed on hand-made paper by Constable and bound in bnokram. The first is to be ' Tristram Shandy,'' with an introduction by Chas. Whibley^Tand the Beoond 'The Pil grim's Progress,' with an introduction by Stevenson. 