THE NOVELIST. The Lass That Loved a Miner. i _ (BY J. MONK FOSTER.) Author of " A Pit Brow LaHsie," .* Slaves of Fate," " A Miner's Million," " Queen of the Factory," " A Crimslm Fortune," "The White GipBy," &c.; Part IL-The Isle of Gold. * --_ CHAPTER I.-(CONTINUED). " He's à university man-a thousand pounds to a hayseed on that. He's of good birth, too, 'or I'm a josser. . Haven't you noticed at ¡times how well modulated his voice is, and how correct is his English ? There's a mystery about Maori Dick that I'd give a trifle to get to the bottom of. What do you say, Seph ?" " I'm with you there," was Dennett's ready response. " That chap has. a story like most of us I suppose, but what it is I cannot even imagine. But I do know, that he is a very generous fellow in spite of his dirt, drink, and beastliness in general." " How do you reckon that up, Britisher ?' ' "'You damnable hound I' the stranger hissed, with his fingers at Dick's throat." (For letterpress see tale entitled " The Lass That Loved a Miner.") asked the American. " I guess that Dick's generosity runs to a liquor as it does with the lot of us." « Oh, no, Ike," Seph remonstrated. " "Wait till I tell you what happened two or three years ago, when I first met Dick at Hokitika. He had been on one of his great sprees there when I first ran against him, and had painted the whole town red, as you may readily suppose. But his drunk on that occasion had been a bigger and more lengthy one than usual even with bira. " 1 was hanging around the place doing nothing in particular, having just finished a good paying hole-up Kabonaga way, where the gold had given out, and was waiting for the next-rush. ' " Being flush, I was taking things pretty easy, and while doing the rounds of the whisky hells, I came across Dick there, and had not a few drinks with him. He's an awfully good-natured fellow when in liquor, and he seemed to take to me somehow. At all events he wanted me to go on the ram- page with him, and offered to find all the rhino for the fun. " Of course I declined, for I wasn't without a nice little heap' of dust of my own at that time, and Maori Dick continued to paint the town crimson on his own hook. " One day when his dust had run out and the bar-tenders of the various saloons were refusing to give him a booze on tick, he met with an accident-got knocked out in the street by a 'passing cart and had his leg broken. " There the poor devil was stranded and helpless after running through £40 or £50 worth of dust in a . dozen days or there- abouts. I found him ljing in a den where he had been carried, and with no one near who cared a tinker's curse whether he rotted to death or not." " And you, Seph," Granby asked as Den- nett paused in his recital to wet his whistle with a drop of whisky, " what did you do ?" Wm^mm^A^^ë^Vii-* r ''.li.iii III.i.mu.\ had the wretched devil taken to the best hotel in all Holdtika, and placed under proper medical attendance ; and I gave the dqctor to understand that I would pay for everything-in fact, I did pay in advance, and I told him to spare nothing." " And then, Seph ?" asked Granby, who had become interested in the story, " what happened afterwards ?" " I left the town in a hurry to join in some gold rush then on up Taurangi way, and didn't see Dick until thirteen or four- teen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upside down with me, you can bet. I and a chum had been working like niggers for months in a god- forsaken hole at Taurangi and hadn't found enough gold in the cradles during all that time to keep us with dry tommy. "And to make matters as infernally bad as they could bo my old chum, Roger Wolf en dale, took the fever and died. When I had buried him I was stone broke both in pocket and in spirit;-hadn't a copper to curse or bless myself with, and credit for neither bite nor sup. " I was just thinking of chucking digging there and then and for ever, and of begging « What did I do ? What could I do ? I my way to Otago, where I might turn laborer at five bob a day, when who should I run against at the door of a saloon but Maori Dick. " He was on the < go ' as usual, but he was sober enough to recognise me at once, and to grip* me fast. It didn't take me long to tell him how things stood with me, and be- fore I knew what I was doing I was inside the place, and had the best the saloon could offer in the way of eatables and drink- ables." " Good old boss 1" quoth the Yankee, with a sparkle in his > small eyes. " There's grit in the heathen after all. I reckon I owe that old fellow a drink." " But that wasn't all, Shellcombe," Seph went on. " Before we parted Dick dropped five and twenty quid into my hands, and when I wanted to talk about repayment or him wanting some of it, he simply ran away and left me. Since then I have met him many a time, and have' offered him repay- ment. But I shall never do so again." " How's that, pard ?" the Yankee de- manded, somewhat sharply. - " Because I do not want to insult him," was Seph's reply. ," Low as Maori Dick appears to have fallen, the heart of a man still beats in his breast, no matter how much he may try to hide the fact by making a beast of himself. The last time I ventured to speak to him about the money he implored me with tears in his eyes-the first time I or anyone else ever saw him, betray any sign of feeling-never again to offer him that crowning insult after what I had done for him in Hokitika." " I should like to shake the old vagabond by the hand !" Granby burst forth. "There's better stuff in that old demoralised savage than all the gang he is treating there at the bar !" " I'm with you there pard," drawled Ike as he munched his mouthful of thick twist. " I guess I shall have to make Maori Dick's acquaintance just for the sake of telling him that he's a darned heap better than I used to think him." " Then you'll have a chance now, chums," Dennett cried suddenly, " for Dick's coming over here I can see. He's spotted me-hero he comes " So it was. The toll, gaunt, neglected looking fellow came across the place at a gallop, and was wringing Seph Dennett's fist in his own ere the" others scarcely re- alised it. " How are you, Seph, my boy ?" the half tipsy vagrant cried loudly. " All right I can see. Yes. I'm on the rampage again, and mean to do well on this especial occasion. Maori Dick doesn't count the cost when he is out for a holiday. Are these friends of yours, Seph ? If they are, I should like to feel their hands." Seph presented his comrades in an off- hand way, and the mysterious reveller con- tinued : " Glad to meet you all, gentlemen -you specially, Seph. I want to tell you I something* some day. But that's not the question now. It's my shout this time, so give your special poison a name." The drinks were ordered and supplied, and as they sipped them they engaged in conversation respecting the gully and its denizens. " Been here long, gentle- men," Maori Dick asked as he poised his tumbler of whisky and soda on high, and watched the sparkling effervescent bub- bles with the glance of a con- noisseur. " We only joined the rush this afternoon," said Dennett. " Have you been here long ?" "Just a few days only, and I was thinking of moving ; but I shall stay a little longer now for the pleasure of your com- pany. If you gentlemen will only help me to meit the dust, you will confer an inestimable benefit upon yours faithfully. What do-" Maori Dick's speech was broken off abruptly, and his face changed color with the quickness of a lightning flash. His attention had been arrested by the voices of some new ar- rivals, and at one of these, a . dark-bearded, sturdily-formed man of 50, he stared as if a ghost or devil were confront- ing him. Then without a word ho turned, drained his glass to tho dregs, and tried to slip out of the saloon. But.he was not quick enough. Ere ho reached the wide, gaping doorway a burly form dashed forward, and strong re- vengeful hands gripped him tightly. Maori Dick's assailant was the dark-bearded stranger at whom he had stared with fesr and amaze, and the man's voice was ringing huskily, passionately, savagely, through the saloon. "You damnable hound!" the stranger hissed with his fingers at Dick's throat. " At last I have found you ! Now I'll wipe out your sin with your life ! Stir a foot if you dare, and I'll put a bullet through your infernal carcass !" * In a moment all was clamor and confu- sion. The diggers rushed in a crowd towards the struggling men, all agog with wonder as to the cause of the sudden encounter. (io BE CONTINUED.) Dilling the last Paraguayan war it was noticed that the men who had been without salt for three months, and who had been wounded, however slight, died of their wounds because they would not heal. The manufactura of coal briquettes or block fuel ia an industry which is very rapidly increasing in this as well as in other countries. As much as 10,000 tons of the material is used weekly in Great Britain during the winter sea- son, and a fourth of this is burnt in the metro- polis. From South "Wales alone the exports exceed 10 tons weekly. In "Buda-Pesth lives an old tailor whose business it is to mend uniforms. His great wish when he was young was to serve in the army, but he is so diminutive in size that he was refused. To get over his disappointment he became an army tailor, and began to collect military relics, of which his little house is so full that there is scarcely any room left for himself and his small wife. Archduke Eugen discovered him some time ago, and told the aged Field-Marshal Arch- duke Albreeht about him. When he* went to Buda-Pesth recently the two archdukes visited the tiny tailor together, and made him tell his story and show his treasures. It was the happie&t; day of his l'fe, and Archduke Eujen's order of a uniform delighted him hardly less than the Archduke Albrecht's sending him his photograph and a purse of gold._ 