THE ASCENT OF THE POLITICIAN. [By LOUNGER.] I have just left the Philosopher of the Smoking-room in mild dudgeon. He has turned his back upon his pipe. " It is not the ancient but che up-to-date writers who steal our best thoughts. If you doubt it ask Mr. Wallace, I have for some time been pondering the problem of the politician, and behold the argument has been anticipated in a book which will be read, as it deserves to be, by the most intelligent of world-wide constituents. Nevertheless, without apologies to Professor Drummond, I pass on my rough outline for what it is worth." Well, to use the paper will not hurt the Professor, and not to use it will hurt the Philosopher ; and I am sufficient politician toohoose the path of least resistance, and have developed human kindness enough to prefer inflating the leaser of two pains, for what the reader may suffer will be vicarious.' " The origin of tbe Politician," he observes, "is an altogether new question. The loDgwinded, iron-bowelled, addle-pated, selfass9rtive, vituperative busybody who has brought that character into disrepute has so dazed respectable humanity with bis brazenvoiced demonstrations monotonously reiterated that he it —that there has been no opportunity much less ability left to enquire how he became whAt he is. A lull having oocurred in politics, a period of ' rest and quiet' whioh was prophesied by those who were in office and were too weak to remain there, and is enjoyed by those who were out of office and do not like to be reminded of how they got into it—there is breathing time to concern one's self not with tne argument of the Politician, for that hobbles on crutches of illusion and delusion, but with his history. Now, according to both tbe Velvet Glove and Iron Hand of the Tnoomparable Ministry of all tbe Talents, history is objectionable, and its ' Hansard' should be burnt. This fact excites suspicion, increases curiosity, and promises reward for enquiry. We are virtually told by these master minds that the Politician has a descent, that he has a struggle for existence, that he represents the survival of tbe fittest, that he is ashamed of bis past, and that he has but little hope for the future. In the sense in which these admissions are made they do not, however, state the whole oase. In a limited degree they are accurate enough. The Politician has descended. Once he was an esteemed citizen, not even requiring to bolster up hie reputation with a J. P.-ship. Difficult as it is to realize the faot, he was once self-respecting and comparatively innocent of guile. The struggle for existence took him into Parliament, and there in ways past finding out be continues that struggle. He represents the survival of the fittest for the kind of ordeal he undergoes. Though not to be considered superior to others physically, intellectually, or morally, he is most fit to do that work in politics whioh other men could or would not touch. He is ashamed of his past, whioh further proves hie desoent. He has but little hope for the future. Ghosts of ' Hansard' remind him of the Hades of politicians — a fameless, contemptible, dumb oblivion. " But this melancholy, morbid, consoienoestricuen view of tbe politician is one-sided, untrue, and unjust. He is the product of evolution, which faile not, never deviates, and ever ascends. It is Bomewhat difficult to fix the poorer relations of the politician, whose bass and crescendo sonorosities linger at midnight in our ears with the memories of the long-eared musical quadruped, but it is quite clear he did not ascend by that ganealocioal tree, for on one occasion the ass tpoke, and his speech required no time limit, being indeed more startling for its wisdom than for its longitude. Tbe supreme and successful effort in which the politician spoils ideas by repeating words suggests an origin in the feathery flock, which is partially confirmed by a disposition in some instances to feather the nest and in others to fiy above the heads of people. The Politician is frequently tbe development of a precocious ohild, whose prophetic juvenile face has been interpreted as bearing the expression of one born to be a Prime Minister or a malefactor. He may graduate through the art of dividing shells while eating his client's oyster ; perfecting h.s invective for private edification on the athletic field ; by a mixed career of everything in general and nothing in particular; or in the guileful practice of prescribing for the ills of humanity rose-water labelled ae tonics for the millenium. It is perfectly true that the aspect of the politician which more abundantly offers itself to public criticism is that of a lower order wherein selfishness dominates. He has to live, and is dependent upon his Parliamentary b&lary.; To retain that he inuxt descend to a parochial atmosphere, devoting his best energies to please the whim" of his noisiest constituents for fear of provoking expensive and even disastrous opposition at the next election. To secure what is demanded of him he must compete with many in the House to whom it is aleo of vital moment to obtain one of tbe few favours at the disposal of the State. The scramble tor Ministerial ha'pence would be ludicrous if it w<-re not demoralizing. When, as the highest act of statemanship, the poor, helpless, faithful, dumb Civil servant is pinioned while his purse is purloined to buy bait for political angling, we can well understand how hard it is for the publio to discern in Parliament aught but a tragic struggle for political exigence. "There is, however, hope for the Pohtioian. Nature is marvellously merciful and kind. He is aecending slowly but gradually. No credit is due to him. It is part of the law of progress under which he survives. In straining every nerve to preserve himself he cannot fail to serve the interests of others. This autoiratic altruism i- giving way to a voluntary other-ism. The time has arrived when constituents perceive che neoessity for oooperation on the part of politicians. In days gone by there was a bastard form called logrolling, and though it was devoid of morality it served a purpose in showing tbe advantages of union. Now, however, it is being recognised that members having common aims must unite, and, sinking parochialism, work out together the salvation of the country. Party politica will give a higher development of Politician—one in whom the struggle for existence will be not extinguished but tubnrdinated. His political continuity will be a=sured by loyalty to the principles he has been charged to conserve. He will not shrink from sacrifice, will deny himself long and frequent spetohes, to promote the speedy p&BB;≥ of approved measures. Work in Committee will receive better attention, and, in brief, there will be fewer Acts passed but sounder legislation. " More than in party politios the hope of politics lies in the intrusion of sex into Parlia- ment. I am not now alluding to tbe possibility of women taking seats there, but to the quality of the mind. The women likely to be i a^ked to be sent into the Legislature might possibly be classed as masculine. As has been indicated, tbe Politician has hitherto been chiefly of the hunsry, bunting, re-tleas, and aegteBswe type, who traded upon the ideas of others, bringing forth preoious little of his own. We want another sex—well-nourished minds, remarkable for quiet activity and tender nursing of their political faith. The pressing need if to balance the bombastic and reckless energy of the self-advertising and adventurous order with the self-sacrificing thought of conscientious problem solver?. We have a few whose oonvictions are built upon laborious thinking, whose hearts are enlarged by the love for aud oares of the State, and who are making valuable contributions to the discussion of public affairs. With a larger number of such ideal members of Parliament there could be no pressing need for women there, for the quiet thinkers represent the altruism of the higher sex. They are, indeed, liberal and progressive. Small now as a mustard seed, they give Mi assurance of great things in the future. They are not of the mushroom and ephemeral growth masked by a policy of sope all round. Neither do they practice a left handed extravagance side by side with a rieht- handed niggardness. Rather is theirs a continuous Brace of earnest, sustained, and unnbtrusive effort in fruitful thinking and rightdoing regardless of consequence*. This is the method of the ascent of the Po!iti"ian." 