OUR TELEPHONE. la that The Herald 7 Why certainly. Who's speaking. Well. It's n member ul Parliament. There's oo necessity to go into any further particulars. Yuti are sure you're & member ? 1 am, ana an ex-Muuster. Don't waste time fouling. Hrrald. 1 know what I am inr-ng to talk about. Waste time ! Great Crcur's ghost! What heresy! Any way, you aay you know what you are talking nbout, and that's more than a great many member of Par.iament can honestly any; So fire away: All right: Look hero, you wore a bit too sweeping in your statement vesterday that all Governments wore about the same in the matter of junketing at the public expense; There was ono exception to my certain knowledge. Well, out with it. Produce your brilliant examples of propriety. No chaff". Herald. The Shiota Ministry, when they weut on trips, even where it was necessitated by duty, always paid their own expense, Tho head of thn Ministry waa strict to a fault on that point. No special trains, and ovcry Minister had to pay. Nona of tho " on thu never" business there. We stand corrected, nnd aro only too glad to team this. But plooso enlighten us further. llovr was tho paying managed? Siniplyonuugh. Acertain mtmberof tho Ministry acted as paynustcr, nnd disbursed tho" necessary." paying xllaccnunts.sndat the ond of the month every Minister had to give hia cheque to the thu Ministerial paymaster, Mr Shtels was firm as n rock on that point. Good boy, and what was tho result? Oh, thu result was that Ministerial trips were— well— not very popular, but tho country didn't have to pay ; there were no dead heads nn the trip. Just so. Thot little arrangement ought to ho trained and hung up for the por- petunl information and guidance oi all future Ministries. But again repeat your assertion, nluase. that you know what you are talking about. Know I 1 have it on ths very, beat authority. Thanks for the valuable information. The public think a good deal of Shiels, but after this ho will go up fifty per cent, in their estimation. His action was must propor and commendable, and worthy ot imitation by premiers lor all time. Bully tor Sbivls and no deadheads. Yes. Hip! hip! — — , No; wo cannot stand that so early in tho day. People will think wo are ca rousing, . . Is that The Hep.ald? a It is. What can we do for you ? Would vou like to sue the dead-hood business aitne to perfection ? If so, just stroll round the eastern portion of the stand at Caulfield to-inorrow after tho Steepleohaae. The ordinary refreshment room is not good enough for swell dead heads— you have to pay thorc. >Ve have heard of this boforo, but must decline to further notice the matter. The dueling with any such abuse is a matter for tho member ef tho club, and dues not concern the public, and it it on Uebalf of the latter thut we act Wo have quite e nough to do to show up loafing on puhlfc funds without bothering about thoso of privAte institutions. Perhaps you nroafruid tbat tho club will stop your free ticket. In those days of reduced stakes this a matter in which tho nubHe is iutcrested. Wo scorn your insinuation about the ticket. We consider we favor the club, nnd not it us. So yon aro barking up the wrong tree. Forlups you aro not one of the favored ones. I Unco (ho crovrl. However, wo have other things to. attend to. But you should jast look round, and you would receivo such an education in snob- doin— nbout which you appear to know littla— a would render ' ' Our Telephone," tn triuch everybody I interested, mora valuable. lint tin? whnlo thing is only a cup of tea and a piece of cuke lor thu ladies, and gloss of wine for tho mon. Snrely peoplo nro not anxious to save thu shilling or two _ these would cost in Skinner's rooms upstairs. That shows that you know nothing about the muttor, apatt from the charm thut free refreshments, if only a cup of tea Ami piece of cake, have for even well- to-du pooplu, thoro i thn separation of tho clito from thu common herd— tho shcop from tho goats, n task which is porpluxing the Minister of Cus toms. Ono particular spot being sacred to snobdoiu nuly thoao in the " push,"— the selected sheep— with their sisters nnd their cousin nnd their aunts, can enter there. Thoso not in the "push," — tho goats — though mem bers of the club, can trot their common place female belongings up with tho vulgar herd to SKinnpr's room and pay for them. I have soon men of high stauding iu tho city with thoir wives and daughters passed ovor in thu invitations to tha specially polcct spot, nnd Jack, Totn nnd Bill invited to it. It is this affectation of superiority nn the part of the "push," ana its aristocratic friends that constitutca the main objection to the wlmlo miserable business. We begin to see what you moan. I'm glad you do. If tho invitations to tho parlor ot suobdom wore confined within any well-marked lines— say to members of tho V.A.T.C. committee. V.R.O. committee, and their wives and daughters, no ono would complain. It is because there is no fixed lint, and as a consequence invidious distinctions aro made, that there ia a strong Iceling of dissatlstaction over the tnattor. What about Flomington ? There is nothing of this sort. Snoboc- racy is unknown there. 'Doubtless the invidious distinctions made are galling, and it would be hotter either to havo a hard and fast lino for in vitations or to abolish tho free refresh ments, which can bo had for small pay ment upstair. But the matter is one for the members of the club to deal with, and we havo given enough timo aud space to it. Good- day, 