YOUNG PEOPLE'S SCRIPTURE UNION. NOTES ON THE DAILY PORTION. / BY EEV. DE. BEITCE. Sunday, April' 16th.— 2nd Corinthians, 10, 1-18. The chief cause of trouble to the Corinthian converts lay in the divisions that were among them, as stated in 1st Corinthians, 1, 12. Paul met his culminators by a reference to his meekness ; his consistency (v. 11), his honest zeal (v. 12-16), and God's approval of his labors. The best refutation of calumny is to live it down. Monday, April 16th.— 2nd Corinthians, 11, MB St.Paul now enters resolutely on the vin dication of his personal character. Christian patience has its limits, and circumstances may require a man to assert his merits when other wise he would prefer to be silent. Tuesday, April 17th. — 2nd Corinthians, 11, 16-33. When systematic attempts are made to be little a servant of God, two courses are open to him : either to answer his detractor accord ing to his folly, or not. St. Paul chose the former, and his determining factor was that his detractors were professed Christians. This will explain all he says in v. 16-23. His detractors are hoisted with their own petard. He . then proceeds (v. 23) to show that his reputation rested on something ' more ' than mere status. Wednesday, April 18th. — 2nd Corinthians, . 12, 1-14. The man alluded to as the subject of the vision in question was evidently Paul himself (v. 5). The revelation then given was double : of things unutterable, also of something that could be spoken of. Thursday, April 19th. — 2nd Corinthians, 13, 1-14. This third time does not mean that he had already been twice at Corinth, but the times he had arranged to visit it, and had twice been prevented by Providence. The term reprobate signifies disapproval, in allusion to the refuse of the precious metal after purification, and the with is devoutly expressed that after pass ing through the furnace both they and he might be approved mutually and also by Christ. Friday, April 20th. — Ezra 1, 1-11. Cyrus was the subject of Divine .prediction,. 200 years before His birth (Isaiah $4, 28, and. 45, 1-3). He recognised the mission .appointed, him by God, and, knowing the value .of public. , sympathy, wisely invited the co-opqration of. the people whose good was contemplated. .j Saturday, April 21st. — Ezra 3,. 1-13. (7-8) — After due preparation the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new ' temple was proceeded with, and, as is meet on all such occasions, the ' celebration was con- ' ducted with an order and a display worthy' of the event. O, this ghost will not down 1 -This time it walks again in Epworth Rectory. The London Methodist. Recorder says : ' We. shall be glad to know if any of our- readers, - in their travels or in 'their researches into ' the curiosities of Methodist history, havo met with a case similar to the one which we report to-day. We have often Tieard of ladies appointed to the office of society steward or chapel steward — indeed, in some villages the worK of the society could never have been done but.ior the zeal, of lady stewards — but we have never before heard of a lady circuit steward. In the Redhill circuit, Mr. Doubleday and Miss. Dawson have just been appointed circuit steward Of course Miss Dawson will be entitled ( attend the District Synod. At least ° do not know of any law to prevent. ^ the question will arise, Is there anything t0 prevent a lady member of the Synod bein elected as a representative to the Con ferehce.' Ill-fitting boots and shoes cause icotm Holloway's Corn Cure is the article to u7' Get a bottle at once and cure your corns, 