A DEAD MAN'S STEP' A Detective Story, B3Y LjWBENCE L. LYNGH. Psllished by special erreagesoaf with as. WFard, Look nd Bowden, Limited. [Ar. EIGHTS BnsanTID.] CHAPTER ILV.-(Corvnwins). Doctor Ware and Bruce Deering con. tinned their conversation after the French woman had passed on. Santa," said Bruce, ' seems to take a very keen intere,t in anything per taining to Brook. On the whole, I can not blame her. Brook was her nearest interest; "he brought him over the ocean, a babe in arms; and he must have a very warm place in her affectiona-and she has been very good to hunm, veryfaith ful to her charge, and to the family in terests. Of her own choice I do not tink she would ever leave Beechwood." "All the same," said Ware, "she looks with very ill favour upon you." \- As to that." smiledBruce.* she is quite capable of thinking that I am neg looting Brook, and of resenting it. Doctor, I fear you do not like arita" - "I I Oh, we are only now becoming acquainted. At present-since a weet ago, in fact-she has been my patient," and here for the moment the subject was dropped. A?ter this interview a very good under standing seemed to exist between Bruce Dering and Doctor Ware, and they were often together in the library, or about the ample grounds; sometimes driving, or strolling here and there round about Beechwood, They were not strictly confi dential. Deering'sprideand reserve were inborn, and the doctor was held back by his understanding with Murtagh; but they were frankly cordial, they trusted each other, and the way was open, when the need should come, for mutual candomu and help. Meantime the summer days were pass ing, and the time for the hiatchin trial was coming near. John Beddmg and his partner were pre pared, with every weapon at their com mand, to defend the accused, and Mr Ingram had promised to be at hand at the proper time, to add his legal strength to theirs. And this meant much, as aulnew who had heard the eloquent, persuasive and keen old lawyer, or watched his progress, and multiplication of legal laurels, through a career of twenty years, or who had heard John Bedding's ringing and magnetic periods in the ciurts, where, in three short years, he had easily g.ined a foremost place. It had come to be generally believed by the rational part of Pomfret, that the case of the people against Bruce Deering, for the murder of Joe Matchin, would end in acquittal, or, at the worst, go by default; for, beyond the facts of hise presence at the side of the murdered man, a few moments in advance of the others, and the blood stains upon his linen, there was no thing to bring in the way of proof. And while the blood stains seemed serious cir cumstantial witnesses, still in the utter absence of motive, and in consideration of the young mao's high standing, and hitherto blameless character, these alone would hardly be suffiient to make out a case for the prosecution. At first it had seemed, indeed, that popular opinion, than whi-O nothing is less to be relied upon, had set in full tide against tie acused. biut the death of Lysander Deering had brought about a sudden change in public sentiment. For the dead man there had been strong Wing and universal respect,--'ad--ta sympathy for his family, and sorrow over bis loss, was sincere and aimost nani noune And when it became known that Lysander Deering's faith in his nephew was perfect; and that he had been ready to stand by him, and defend him, with all his heart, and with open purse, the fact had its weight; and those who deplored the loss of so good a man, who had bb lieved in him, and in his unerring judg ment, for years, felt very lenient towards the nephew, who had been to him like an own son. And the talk about a quarrel, and the flight of Bose Matchin, which had its beginning inthe mouths oa a few of the loafers andsaloonloungers, seemedtdhave died away. Nevertheless, Sheriff Carton and the prosecuting attorney-who had been op posed and thwarted in certain political aspirations, a few years previous, by Ly sander Deering, and Mr Baird, and John Bedding-were both full of dark sayings, or ominous silences when the name of Brace Deering was mentioned in their hearing. They were often together in council, and the sheriff had been heard to say, with significant nods, in pantomime of eye and finger, that the defence would find "more than they were looking for,' and that he r had not been following such a "blind lead,' as they seemed to think." As to the actual state of affdrs, these were known only to a few who had gathered in Mrs Deering's parlour on the night of the reading of Mr Deering's requests concerning the will. The last words of Joe Matchin-that seen.ed o point, with terrible clearness, an laoseation against Bruce Deerings these few men, with mutual consent, and in the firm belief that they ware aiding rather than hindering the cause of justice, had determined to withhold as their own secret. Heard only by the two young lawyers, who could not be expected to fgure as both attorneys and witnesses; and by Bruce, who could not be required to testify against himself; and only ~.e told, and that by Brunce and himself, to Mesesrs Baird and Arden, this secret they felt enre would remain such. As or the half-square of linen, with the two impliesting initials upon it, that re posed in a secret place known only to Mur tagh, and to be used at his discretion, which was sure to manifest itself upon the safe and right side. There sill remained the blood-stained hatchet, and the fact of the stolen money; ad, after nmature reflection, Bedding had agreed ith Mr Baird, that these used in evidence would tell for, rather than against Deering, who could heve no motive for robbing a bank in which he was personally minterested, and who stood in no need of money. And last, there was the amethyst button, and-Jonas Wiggine. The knowledge of the button rested between the two Wiggmon, Bruce and Brenda Deering, and Murtagh, and Tom Wells. .As for Jonas himself-the thought of Jonas md the button had been troub inog the mind of the detective for some time, and the arrival of RBsa, the new maid, upon the srcene of inaction, served in some occult way to stimulate his inter et and anxiety in the subject. Boss Brenner, so tke new maid an nounced herself. was a brisk and business like seeming personage, somewhat past her youth, and with a face that, while not so good-looking as to render her an objecl of jealousy among her kind, was yel comely. Ifer manners were quiet, and s rery trank, and evidently good-humcured that she became at once popaular below Bhe was ready to exchange a brighi word with, or do some brisk kindly act, fo; any and everyone, and yet she was neithe, obtrusive nor too talkative. In three days she was on amiable terms with the entire househo!d; and, at the enc of a week she had establishud an sspeciallj social footing between hrsalt and Judith Santa, and ire Moeron; as for W1llsm that staid tachslor was f.irly taken off hi lest. Tnuers were two things, simple but saffi ient, that drew Bacita and Boes together ons was embroidary, the otter French. Bom coauld embroiier like a vary iaoghte st ~szane, nd SazJta loved d?Ainty cmaol Carers. And Ros, who ?as .supposed to bi embarking upon the career of lady's maid aspired to be a "French maid," if abe could only"sacquire a little French of the vry very bsst accent, such as yours, Me lamt Sarita," and so the French and the embrot dery began imn:teneously; Bose fdltin ample time, meanwhile, to st: ty the art oj the coiffeuse with Judith, whose fingers wen notably dett in this important feature of a lady's maid's acquirements. When Rosa had been about a week a1 Beechwood, Uncle Holly announced one morning that he had bean invited by I: Baird to pay with him a visit to his fin, stock farm; and, in proof of this. Mr Baird himself appeared soon, driving Lady Jane, and carried" Uncle Holly" away beaming with satisfactlon. Luss than an hour after, Bruce and Doctor Ware, trotting easily along upon Max and Diana, met the pair upon the south turnpike half a mile out of town, and headed toward "Greenlands" But, in spite of this fact, before high noon " Mr Baird's new man," John Ros, E.q., might have been seen loitering about tae rear door of the carriage house, where, as upon a former occasion, he soon admitted a visitor in the shape of Tom Wells. CHAPTER XLVI. A eLEE*P-WALKER.. Whan Wells and the quondam John Ross had exchanged greetings, and established themselves in the convenient upper room, still held at the disposal of the detective, this latter personage came promptly to the point. "Yes, Wells," he said, in reply to the huntsman's greeting, which had been a characteristic mingling of surprise and in terr.'gation. " Yes, I'm here yet. 1 have bean here ever since I saw you last; and am likely to be here for some time longer; and I've reached a point where I mast have some help from you, or be a good deal hin dered; and at a very important point in our little game, too. No, I don't use it-that way." Wells, who bad taken from his pocket a bar of tobacco, and silently proffered it, at what he recognised as the end or Martagh's speech, now bit off a comfortable 'chew," and replacing it in his pocket, said, with laconic brevity ' Wal, what's wantin' T" "I believe you know, Wells I I want that amethyst button. .Is will help me im. muenely." Wells crossed one leg over the other, and chewed his weed in silence for a moment. Then he folled his arms and turned himself squarely toward Murtagh. " Leok here, Mr-John BRoss, I ain't doubtin' you. I believe you're a square man; but you're old- busines !-an' your business is ter chop ter the line, as they say, an' never mind whar the chips falls. D'ye recollect what I told ye once afore 1" "About the button I" "Jest so. Wal, I'll tell yar, slain' 'tie yo=, one time more. I ain't goin' tar hand over that button to anybody, not so long as there s a chance of Its hurtin' Bruce Dserin' I ' " But, if he's guilty 1" " He ain't guilty I no more'n I am I" "And that's your aitimatum 1" "It's my-so, s't-ee 1-termatum I To can swsar to that I" Murtagh's face drew down- to a very sober length. ' Bat, Wells, don't yen know that Wiggins will be likely to tell thas button story is court e and he suspects you of finding it," " Oh, yes I I've heard about that. And you're right about his tellin' the story in court; he's beon cossinin' with the proes. cnati' attorney, and old Carton; and he'll do his dirtiesl, don't you farget it! How ever, 1 guess 1 kin hold my own with Jane Wggins yit I" " Wells," the detective lowered his voice perssasively, "this is between you and mel Nobody else knows you have ever seen that •Iton, eht r xcae Deerint. of course." -u coure; - ainral-v d8-. .. Well, now, I'm authorised just tell me what you'd rather have than that button t five bundrel --a thou' P-out with it.'" Tom Wel's got up with a quick spring that sen the .chair he had vacated tumbling backward with a crash. '. Consarn ye I" he cried. " I ,'pose you're doin' right enouth, from your pint of view, unt-darn it alli I've a good mind to knock ye down-any how I" ' But, Wdlis, listen." Martagh got up and caught him by the arm, "no one would ha the wiser." " het up, can't ye p" twitching his arm away. "I'm out of this business 1 I ain't the feller you've took me far, Mr-and you ain't the man I took you far; offorin' bribes I It's time for me tar be gein' I" and he strode toward the stairway. But a sudden suppressed sound caulel him to turn; M?rtagh, close at his heels, wac shaking with soft laughter, and, in a moment, had the big huntsman in a muscu lar grip. "= ( guess we weren't so very much mis taken in each other, Wells," he said, draw ing the other back and releasing him, to set right the overturned chair. "The fact i1, old felov. we've made up our minds, Mr Baird and I, to let you into matters a little deeper; but I con'd not risk it without try. ing your mettle--lon't you see? Not that either of us felt any great uneasiness or doubt. Bit down again, man I" and Walls dropped down into his place again, only muttering as he seated himself, in a half aside "a 1 swan to man 1" "Now then, Wells," went on the detec tive, briskly, "time flies, and I must be back at my post soon, and that poet happens to be, at present, Beechwood." 'No I" " Yes, ir I Did you happen to hear that a cartain Mr Holly, distant relative, was a guest up there " ' Wny-ycs." " Well that's me; don't look so astonished Well-Mr Baird has advised me to take yos into fal confidence, and I'm only tco glad to do it; and when I am done, I think yon'll be quite ready to put that button into my keeping, for, Wells," dropping into instant gravity, "I hope it will help us toward, finding oat more than the trath about Joe hla;cchin. Wells, there's been more than one murder committed in Pomfret of late; and, I belie're, upon my soul, that they were both committed by the same hand. Wells. you will give me your promise of secrecy, if n't of help ?' SOf secrecy! so help me; of help, too, if it's not against Bruce Dsering!" 'I'll tell you what I can, and yiu mnust judge for yourself. Wells, that gaol man, Lyeander Deering, did not die of heart failure; he was poisoned I' And then, while Wells sat bleside him, spoechless, almost, with the shock and sou priee, MurtBgh hurriedly relatele so much of the scory as was needfnl; omitti-g. by ti e way, much personal detail, bu? telling en.ough to place the case as clearly befoce Wells as it was in his own mind, '' do," said Wells, when he bat exhaulted his surprise and pondered over the strange recital, "that was why you was so interested in St Mark's, eht Grat snakes I but when one comes to think about it, there couldn't a been a batter hldin' place, nor one half so handy. An' to think, no one ever thought of it nt yea I Aud--htiss Wardsll I-that's a puoty big pill to swaller I-hut-if the church part of the business was true, the rest looks a party closts fit. Jimmenetty I Buppose the feller was a layin' in that arbour all the time she was talkin' over the fence to som" " Qito likely," "But--Crackyl if the right man was in hidin', in the church first, and up at the big house afterward, that lets Bruce Dcerin' oat, don't it.?" " I hops so," sa'd the other, evasively. "But it does ! And them two women ahat do;o it all mea~ them letters, and messages, and meetin's in the shrubbery, what oo you make out of that '" "Nothing as yet. At the worst Bi_ Wardell may have hal reason to fieat Matchin; these beautiful spirited women somatimes have secrets, and Matchin, sc rear her, night and day, may have discoverem something-" • " Ham--well, sohe's allers been called high-flyer I-hbut that Freneh womat- !?" " Well, she is f IFrePearit WQO and thes are born irtrigneants, so called. uarits, have been told is very fond of money; Mist W- seems to have known her well; maj the one not have been bribed to help the other out Beachwood was -empty, almost one could hide there, and, when things wert quiet, or there was danger of discovery, iI would be a good point from which to tramp aoross the country to some of the neighbour tng stations. this is only theory, mind; but the thing's possible'. "What I want to know is this-Do you think Bruce Deerin' had any sort of hand in it " Miurtagh looked away and bit his lip; then he turned back with sudden resolution in his eyes. "Tom Wells,"he said earnestly, "I believe you're as white a man as God ever made. I know I can crust you, and I won't ask you to trust me, and to give, what you believe to be, a solemn trust into my charge, without a return in kind I I can't say that I am sure of Deering's innocence, though, by feeling and instinct, I am drawn toward him. But, Wells, do you remember when I bade you good.bye, and asked you to keep a look out on Jonaes Wiggins? well, I was leaving for good, then; or so I thought. Leaving by the consent of Bruce Deering, and at the request of his uncle, who told me that there were reasons why the D·erings mest not pursae the case ; and asked me to let it drop, and go away. To leave it-to be worked out by the sheriff." "'Good lord I" Wells fairly groaned. 'And-did anyone else-did Baird know I" " Baird knew, and Arden, and Bedding, hoey all said the old man's health was at stake, that they did not understand, but they trusted him, and that he must have his will." " But you came back ?" "At the request of Mr Baird-and lire Deering-and to look into the poisoning " But-great scott I You are working the other-" " Yes, I have been retained again." "By Bruce I" " No. For Bruce-and without his know ledge-by a friend. Don't press me there, Valls." " Well I won't I and I won't try to guess either. For Bruce, you said I" " Yes. For him-lu his interest to clear him, to prove his innocence; nothing less :ill do. And now - Wells, about that button P" An hour before sunset, "Uncle Holly' came back to Beechwoot as he left 1t; itting, jrvial and smiling, before Mr Baird, and bnind Lady Jane, whose praises he altermingled with eulogies of the stock -arm, Taroughoat tae dinner hour, and late that nignr, in the seclusion or his own room, he examined minutely, and gloated )ver, the amethyst butt n, with Its tiny, glittering diamond sparks. Hae was thus engaged when he heard at his his door--bfore which he, habitually now, kept a tall screen, except when he looked for a late visit from the dcctor-a soft scratchmg noise, such as might have been produced by a very young and timid mouse. Opening the door noiselessly, he saw Doctor Ware without, in jacket and list slippesr, and by a sign was bidden to come out and follow him. " She is going up the stairs," he breathed in Martagn's ear, and the door was softly placed ajar, and the two men moved in Indian file, and with Indian stealth, toward bhe stairway leading to the mansard. The a?air was enclosed, and they could tee nothing until they reached the foot; but here they paused and drew back, each with a quick catuhingof the breath. alf way up the flght, Sarita, in a long, loose ;own of some pale grey stuff, was gliding ,pward. slowly and stealthily, with her enad turned as if fearing observation; but ter eyes were set and staring, Doctor Felix moew, upon the instant, that she was, She carried in her hand a conimon audlo, and, when she had reached the top tair, she put it down upon the landing, nd again seemed to listen. After a little he put her hand upon the door and tried a op3n it, and, when itresistad her efforts, ihe waited a moment, standing with an ar close to the panel. Then, very softly, the rapped, one-two-three raps, soft but distinct, and at least a fall half minute .part. There was another moment of waiting, and then, with a sound like a sigh, ;he turned and seated herself upon the opper stair, pushing her candle back into be dardest corner at the same time. The two wat'olers exchanged inquir ing glances, and withdrew a few steps down the hall. " Did you know that door was locked P' whispered Mortagh. "Yes ;I asked Mrs Merton about the keys to-day while yon were gone. I told her to lock the attic door, suggesting, as a reeson, the tendency of somnambulists to go aloft, and expressing a fear that the woman, should she do so, might expose herself to a severecold in that big garret. Of course, as you very wisely suggested, I prefaced all this by telling her that in order to study her symptoms more closely, i meant to leave her door open some night, and watch her movements in order the better to understand her case." "I see; how long will she be likely to stay up there F" "Depends entirely upon her former habits. Evidently she has waited up there, at some time, until someone chose to admit her; she may sit there an houror even more. Wait, I'll take a look." He was back in a moment with his re port. "She is leaning against the wall with .er ear toward the panel of the door listen lug. She'll not move just yet." " Then wait here a moment," whispered hlurtagh, and he slipped down the hall and around the corner leading toward the newer wing. In a short tune he was hack gain. "It's all right," he whispered; "the eoor is not louked." Ten minutes passed, then twenty, and hen, a few minutes later, the doctor, go ng to riconnoitre at the foot of the stair way, came hastily back and motioned his ompasion to stand aside. A moment ster Saita passed them; she was walking lowly and with head a little dvaneed as if listening; she had bandoned her candle, leaving it, as they afterwards found, upon the stairs. Slowly she made her way toward the ront, until she had reached the corner, ere she paused with her face in he direction of the room occupied by the ,oung men of the house, then she turned and went, with a somewhat faster move ment, around the corner, down the main all, and straight on, until she reached he room that had boon Lysander Deering's wn. H-rn she paused and went through he anntomme f looking cautiously around, tra h ug u.ar, and carefslly opening it, nd all with eyes set and unseeing. The room, or suite of rooms, which had been Lyeanclr Deering's, had been kept, ince his death-indeed, since he was carried enderly, In strong arms, out of them and into the sec!uied and airy north-east chamber where his last sigh was drawn-in he moat exquisite order, and swept and arnishtd daily as if the mater might at any moment re-enter and take posseesion again. In the alcove dressing-room the toilet table bore their accustomed assortment of brushtes, combs, flaskse, razor cased, and the other various paraphernalia of a gentle man's toilet; and in the bedroom the curtains were partially drawn, an easy-chair stood in its usual position before fire-place, with the master's dressing-gown thrown across it: back, and a pair of siik.linstl slippers upon the hearth, while upon the little stand, drawn clcse by the bed's head, stood a dainty water aet, a night lamp, a bible and prayer boek, both bearing signs of long and familiar usa, and in a slender crystal vans close be side them, a cluster of creamy roses newly gathered that morning, and placed there, as was her daily habit, by Brenda Deering. Into this rosm went Barita slowly and as ilently as any ghost; Jinst across the thres hold the passed, turned her head from side to side, and then, with qui? , lo0g, ulidire steps, crossed the. alcove and entered there. Murtagh put his lips to his comranion's ear: "'We cant see from hero"' he breathed; "are we safe to follow her '" Tae doctor nodded, and whispered back: " Unless she wakes." " We mest risk it." They glided 1I through the still open d'ser, and flattened themselves againes the wall in a niche just big enough.to hold them and formed by a juttiog cabinet, and the corner of the room nearest the fire-place, where they could aee the interior of toe alcove. They had hardly placed themselves when the sleep-walker came oat, moving like one no longer suapici oas or in doubt. She come straight to the. door of the chamoer by which tile all had entered, and closed it swiftly and silently. Until then the windows, with their halft opened curtains, and the light kept dimly burning in the hall without, had rendered things barely risible; but now all was in semi-darkness, and Sar;ta's gray-clad form, the two windows oppeosite them, and the bed, standing midway between the windows and the fire-place near them, were the only things which outlined them selves in the gloom. Tnen they saw the grey figure move, and heard a queak hitsing and sputtering sound, not loud bat distinct. Ina moment a tiny flame shot up, then a aubdued light filled the room. Martagh caught the doctor's arm in his amazsment, and peared into his face in qliriugly. Could it be that this woman w.s asleep And now they draw closer into the shadow of their niche, and standing there with bated breath, watched, aLmost doubt ing their own senses, a strange pantomime. O.?ce or twice she made the circuit of the chamber, stopping before one of the windows, and pulling down the blind with aquick jerk. There was no water in the carafe, but she went through the panto mime of pouring out a little, and holding it up to the light-setting it down at last untasted. Aud. now they noted in her movements a osrtain difference or change, and a singular mixture of hesitancy and soreness. She came to the fire-place next, and they grew almost breathless because of her nearness. Standing beside the easy-chair, she took up the silken dressing gown, shook it out, and slowly drew it on over the sleeves of the grey robe. Then she movd to the opposite sine of the fire place, and deliberately thrust her feet into the soft slippers, and then for a time she sat in the big chair, halt buried in its softness, and seemed to stare at a dream Ore and to ponder. It seemed an hour to the two watchers, really it was less than ten minutes, that she sat qmte motionless; then she arose, and crossing her hands behind her, began o walk the floor, crossing the chamber, and traverstog the length of the dressing room. In the sleeping-room proper, tne smooth inlaid flor was covered, exceptfor a narrow margin next the wails, with a soft thick rug, but in the dressing-room, and the bath beyond, the polished floor was bare, except where, before the dress ing-table, ala in front of tne low:, iushioned window-seat, long, narrow trips of the rich Persian weave were laid, As the slippered feet passed from the chamber and the sots rug, to the smooth and uncovered floor of the dressing-room, sach footatep was distinctly heard, and Deotor Ware started at the sound. But burtagh's hand was upon his arm, and agaim they stood and counted their own puose beats, while the strange promenader pissed up and down, confinutg herself, alter a time, to the polished and respon sive flor of the alcove, where each step rounded so clearly that they almost feareu sey would be heard without. AAter a utne the steps bocame slower, and finally acrita paused beside a small davenport just inside the alcove and near the winnow She n?psed her hand lightly over its ,ateu LVp, eccmsW to nesetate, repeatet he movement, ann gave a quick putt at ;he handle of the topmost ar.wer. Teen samething seemed to distaro her. She noved away a few steps, paused, seemed to listen; and then, going back to the bnair beside the fire-place, pulled off the dressing-gown, letting it tall from her sands to the fleor, dropped the slippers rom her feet, and going to the door, opened it, and went quiecly out, down the nall, and straight to her own room. She had not closed the door of the room she and left, and sue did not close her own dour, but going straight to her bed laid herdedf down upon it. As sUe crossed the threshold of Mr Deering's chamber, the two watchers ex ih.nged quick glances, and while DIctor Ware fohlo wed her at once, Murtagh lin gered long enough to replace the gown ana slippers, arrange the window shade as it •as teen before Saxite drew it down, turn if the lhgt, and draw the door shut as he Let the room. When he rejoined Doctor Ware, that rotary of science was watching the now ieotloaless woman from his place at the pen door. He had taken possession of the -andle Sarila had left in the stairway, and shading its flickering fismn with his hand, was watching her by its aid. As the detective reached his side, Ware placed the canile in his hand, and motioned ,n? to shade it as he had done. Then he rept up to the bed, and leant over the leeping woman, listening for her low breat?ing. In a moment he lifted his head, took the candle from Murtagh, and nsfnoag out the nearly spent wick, placed It upon a chair beside the bed. Then they went out, closed the door and turned the key. When the two men were alone in the leteetivo's room, and the usual precau tions attended to, Murtagh turned upon ni companion. "That's been too much for me 1" he eclared, "and I thought I knew a little shbout sleep-walking. Was she asleep, Ware ?" " Without; a doub b!" They were stand ing face to face; MDartagh was too much roeased by what he had seen to think of the ordinary hospitalities. "She could ot have played that role if she were Ris ori herseli. 1 never sake the like such ases are few and few between-but I have read of aimilar ones." " Bat-what was she doing P I supposed hey always repeated themselves in that trtas--she-" " Well--P' Ware smiled. "Why, man, she was imitating-some sue." "Not a doubt of it, she was personating vysander Deering." " No ! are you sure ?" "Sure. The thouyht struck me when he got herself into the gown and slippers ut when she began to pasce the floor with er hands behind her-I happened to now that as a habit of Mr Deering's." " Bet what-how P-I thought-pshaw -she could never have done that in her waking moments P" "No, bat she may have seen just that antomime under some peculiar niruonm tance, that was strange enough, or strong nough, to make a lasting impression. it has settled one question for us-or foir me i" " What is that P" "Brook Deering's ghostly footsteps; I old you of them f" " 1 remember." "That dressing-room adjoins young Deering's sleeping-room. His bad stnds near that wall. If he did not e'ar his ather's footsteps, he heard, least, a ravesty of them." "Surely. o80 he is not on igh road to insanity, after all I" "1 never supposed him to ." Ware's tone was dry, almost cynical. It haught tar~gh's attention. -' Shall you enlighten him P" he asked. Instead of replying, the doctor asked a question. "Don't you want to see what the woman will do in the attic P" "By all means I" "Then I won't enlighten Deering. I wonld not-in any ose-to be frank. It wil eost up some Irouble, but I 3ould lke to see her visit that room once more. I think I can guarantee that she will ' walk again, to-morrow night,-that is-if you' want to put in another all night's vigil P" "Doctor," the detective's eyes were studying him narrowly, "do you mean that you can influence her, or drug her into that state P" "Drug herP No. Influence Well, it is the mind that does this kind of thing. Sarita has been in an uncomfortable frame of mind during the last twenty-four hours, and this night's ramble was the outcome of it. I think I can keep up this same disturbed mental state,-that is all." " Good heavens! How P" '-Pardon me. Like yourself, I have in my mind, hazy, and half-formed, some ideas so strange that, until they take a less fantastic snape, I dare not give them utterance. I shall try hard to formulate -or disperse them-soon." " Well, I won't question you, 'doctor, only-will you interpret what we have seen to-night P" " As I can. First, Sarita, for some days, has been in a state of mental anxiety, in part, about herself, but mostly, about an other-matter. This last anxiety to-day became so strong as to throw her onto the strained, nervous condition which has resulted in what we have just witnessed. Of the instinct which led her to that room to-night I c n only guess, but it was not, I am almost sure, to personate Mr Deer ing. That was an after instiner, which came, I think, upon reaching the room, and which drove out, for a time, her first impression." " Well I' ejaculated Murtagh,beginning to look about for a place to sit, "' can't quite make you out; but I'm reasonably convinced of one thing I" " What is that P" " That Madame Sarita did not go to that room, alone, and at midnight, to-niight for the first time." (To be Continused) 