BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. MORE ABOUT DR. TALMAGE. ESTIMATED FORTUNE 3000,000 dois. As we glide along towards leafy June, the question which has vexed the Sunday School Union of Brooklyn for more than a generation, of admitting the Sunday School children of the Untversslist and Unitarian sects to a share in tbe general celebration, rises again, like BanquVa ghost, and will not go down. This is brought more tommy to my mma tuat m our Sunday-schools in this city no suoh general narrow mindedness seems to preveil. sinoe it was only last week that the children of the * Unitarian Sunday School Union ' were addressed by the Rev. Dr. Rainsford, of St. George's Episcopal Churob, and the Theodore Cuyler of the Presbyterian Chuoh of Brooklyn. Sometimes these denominational differ ence and affiliations are very confusing. In Brooklyn is a popnlar Catholic clergy man, toe pastor of St. Peter'a and St. Paul's, named Father Sylvester Malone. He was a staunch patriot all through tbe war ; he raised the flag on the spire of his church when the news fltshed over the wires tbat Sumpter had been fire 1 on, and thai flag never came down till ' Johnny came march ing borne.' As a proof of tbe high estima tion in which ha is beld by all classes of his fellow citizens, he was recently elected one of the State Regents, although his nomination was opposed by Archbishop the Catholics; in tbe Legislature he received a majority flf .Protsstaot votes, and was triumphantly electfert -~Tuis week he was tendered public receptions on the occasion of his seventy-third birthday. One took place at his church and the other at one of tbs principal theatres. Taera were present representatives of every denomin ation in the city— Jews and Gentiles sat together io loving harmony to do honor to this faitntui minuter oi unnar. But all clerical or lay receptions given in New York or Brooklyn for many a day were dwarfed into- insignificance alongside of that given by tbe citizens of Brooklyn on Slay 10, and by the entire nation on Friday, the 11th, to the Rev T. Da Witt Taimage at his beautiful Tabernacle, on the completion of the twenty-fifth year of his pastorate in Brooklyn. Like the ovation given to Fathtr Malone there was nothing denominational about it ; it was as general as the Universal * RoUgioas Congress at Chicago. ' Mingled in most admired disorder/ as Shakespeare hath it, were dooters of national reputation, with brokers from Wall-streetj whose name* are household words among the money changers of the world. Great jurists who have long been pillars of the isw; merchants- waose business is up among the millions, and bankers whose names are sheet anchors of fiuance, filled the pews and gave character aud tone to the assembly. Tne mbst^ ' distinguished citizens of Brooklyn wera presant the first night, and tbe mayor of tue city preside* ; tbe admission was by card, a very hand - eooae and elaborate affair, and will, no doubt, be kept as souvenirs by the lucky possessors. On Friday night there was -another crush, General Tracy, the late secretary of the navy, prodding. All sort* of pleasant were no doubt, very grateful to hear Dr. Taimage is about to depart on a tour of the world, and from the amount of advertising he has had will, ao doubt, make a vary profitable voyage. He intends to lecture at all ths prominent places he toucue* at, and as his terms are iVbm two to five hundred dollars a lecture, there ia little doubt that he will nuke the journey profitable as well as pleasant. It ia is a public calamity the burning of Dr. Talmage'd Tabernacle, and yet it is worth tbe cost, if only to prove how strong i« the spirit of Chrutian fellowship ia Brooklyn*— though the coat is over a milloa dollars. Tne beginoiug a.id'the end of the new Tabernacle were almost phenomenal. The dedication sailed form such an assem blage as had never bseu- seen in any Brooklyn church before- All was happiness, for in the new and bright flush of victory no oae thought ot we -evil days yet to come, when creditors would be huu;uM ia vain for their bills, tor which, eventually, they were obliged to take twemyfive cents on tbe dollar. But the cloudi that had so long hang over it at last seemed to clear away, and surrounded by admiring friends he was bidding tareweli, prior to his tour around the world. Mrs. Ttlmage who was standing waiting for him saw the fire ; yet so rapid were tue flames that it was only a few seconds after Mrs. Taimage had cslled to her her husband, who stepped to one side from the spot; where he had previously been standing that tbe great organ pipes fell, which would have crushed, him to a jelly. But if the dedication was phenomenal, the dosing- . nights of its existence were glorious. It is rarely in tbe life of any man that an entire city of every religions belief.and af every political character, turn out «n matte to do him honor. Vast a* were the proportions of the Tabernacle, it being the largest Protestant church in the world, it was unable in a single, night to hold the crowds that assembled to da him honor, and even on the second night, when tbe tabernacle was crowded, there were thousands struggling in the streets who were unable to gain admission. Tne dooto; will make las tour, and whan he returns he will find another Tabernacle all ready for his use. There is one thing singular in Doctor Talmagb** experience with aU churches all of them nave Dean financially untor tuaate, the last venture, the T-ibernac -e, being particularly so, bat aotwitbstsadia^ she church's misfortunes, * the doctor hiaa aelf has grown steadily rich. He came to Brooklyn twenty-five years ago without a dollar, and although living id handsome syle he has contrived every year to lay by something over ten thousand dollars ; his fortune being estimated at the present time at about three hundred' thousand dollars. He goes abrood with the good wishes of bis congregation, and thousands of his friends in and out of Brooklyn, wuo wish him heartily bon voyaie. An entire change in our manner of living is becoming more manifest every year. It is not long ainca any family thought of going in to the country till the Hut of July, but within the past throe or four years the the season of outing a^ems to be lentheojng, and this year a number of famines took their flight in April and in' May ; instead ot merely changing* residences ia the city, they give up their house, store their furniture, discharge their servants, and by this means save the entire expense of tueir summer outing. How about starting housekeeping when tha summer is over? Easy enjugh — the multiplication of flat or upsrtmen. houses, as tbey call tbem, enables a moderate family to get along witu a single servant, and aervanta are always ia plenty in the city at toe' dose of the earn. mer season. Economy in living isgoiru to ba order of the day ; we have bsen living too fast and too high. It has broagbit merchants and bank cashiers, to grief, jud others out of number, till abao uia necessity of retrenchment is force! upon us. and no one feels asuaaied of it, tor every body is in the saute boat. There are plenty of people in these apartment houses whose income is from five to twenty thousand dollars a year, who entertain handsomely, and who, if they were housekeeping would spend from twenty to thirty thousand dol lars a year} but in tbe apartment home we get off with half that earn. Besides every other advantage, Brtfget is bo longer a necessity to keep your town house for three months, and who entertains her police friends and her newly-arrived relations from 'The Oald Dart,' aud is hereby enabled to give the new comers a favorable impression of this great and gloriouB republic All this is clear gain, and they start in the fall with a clear trial balance. For a week or two they go to a hotel— then they look around for a house — when they have found what they require they send to the storage warehouse for their furniture, and advertise for a servant. Be sure and do not pay the sligbest attention to any advertisements that are headed. * ' No Cards answered.-9 If in reply to your advertise ment you find any of your applicants who merely left their noble relatives and tbe ..n»1n «n ivrltttftli tliov oraita Kn^tl it\r fka utSLIG IU Vfutbu kuvj nvm uwiu «w* www benefit of their health, pass them on their way ; you have no use fur them, and you have saved tbe first taree months' rent of housekeeping. People with money are beginning to realise that lavish display is vulgar and shoddy, and the dollars alone will not give a man social position. On Monday the town was startled by the news that Richard Croker, tbe Grand Saga more of Tammany, had found his health so impaired by escest'ive labor, that he wa« compelled to ask his associates for soow one to assist his in tbe arduous Jabora of hia offiee. The great body of good demo crats had scarcely time to reoover from their surprise, when they were almost paralyzed by tha intelligence that he had suddenly resigned, and stepped dona and out forever. It is not often, in this world, that a man willingly lays down imperial power; bat to Mr. CrakerM credit be it said, that his abdication was against the earnest protest of every one of his col* leagaes in power. Whatever the opinion cf his enemies may be, thera is no question but he has a firin hold on tbe affection of his friends, and not without good cause. When John Kelly, wrecked and broken-bearted, lay djwn to die nine years ago, it rested who him to name the man who should take up the soeptre wuicu uo mm uuwu. xoera were many aspirants for the vacan: throne j but one towered above the rest, and that was Richard Croker. It was strange tbat it should be so, for he was not a man apparently to make friends, ha had not the snavity of John Kelly, but he was a fighter and that was waat Tammany Hall at that time needed more than anytbig else., Wben John Kelly assumed command, aU the deadly sins of the Tweed Ring had to be atoned for, aad the name Tammany was a stenca in tbe nostrils of tbe people. The County Democracy, under the lead of Hubert O. Thompson, with the cry of Democratic reform had grasped all the office* of the oily, and at the State conven tion which nominated Governor Robinson, it was a question if Tammany Hall was to be allowed a repres ntation. It was then that John Kelly turned upon bis banters, took an independent nomination for Gover nor, and drew off enough, of vote) from the Djmocratic ticket to elect Governor Cornell the fUpablioan. When John Kelly died ha left TaaHMoy Hall (surrounded by power* tul enemies thirsty for her blood, bu*. the County Dcunoracy with its cry, of Reform soon became more rotten than Tammany Hall had ever beau under Tweed The expowrd of the B oadway Railroad sieal m*de the Board of Alderman with two exceptions fugitives from justice, and the majority of them found homes ia Gaoada for several years after, tiuburt O. Thomp son, the leader, was found dead iu his bad one morain,', and whether ho died a natural death or by hia own hand has never been settled to tui* day. Here was Richard Cruker's opportunity, and ihd m»a wa&ready; for the oauaaion, — what troops he hal were all n^bting m-n, and erery man was in fighting order. With him there must be ao mistaken ; like Napoleon he treated a mistake as a crime,— punuuuMuta were 8-vift, but no swifter than rewards, and it soon beoaaae evident to every brave within the wigwam that a Great Chief was in command. Contrary to all precedent ha consulted no one, he asked uo advioe — thero waa no conflict in bis council, all had to obey. For many of the great ward leaders this state of atfdirs was extremely humiliatiing, but wherever there was open rebellion the rebola were mercilessly stiuck nowu and others put in their places. Toe effect of ibis discipline soon becitne manifest— strouehold after strong hold was wrested from the enemy, and years from the time Richard Croker assumed command, tbe entire city of New Turk was controlled by Tammany Hall. It may not have been and is not an ideal Qjverineut. Tha man who ten years ago had hardly a dollar to his uame^by politics alone h-is made himseif a millionaire } but tbe city govern ment has beea better than it was unier any of his predecessors lor twenty yean, and has bean frear from flagrant scandals- which made the name of New York democracy a byworj and a repioaea. It is with genuine sorrow that Tammany parts with its 'success ful leader,, and while we hope for better tilings, we hope that his. successor may ba no worse than Riciiard Croker. 