Three Christmas Mysteries, A WEIRD STORY. (By Patji, Twyfoed.) Tho yarn I am about to spin may seem to tlie reader very extravagant, very far-fetched, and, to not a few, absolutely untrue. Be that as it may, I havo 110 desire to be sensational, nor to ?write of matters I do not understand. I simply i.broniule what really happened to myself and others during a period of twenty-one years. And I may here remark that if the searchers after 'More Light' who aro now engaged in tlu's city of Sydney, at the time of my writing, in tenting certain spiritualistic phenomena, can elucidate the mysteries (to me) of which I write, I shall be both pleased and grateful. I know nothing whatever of psychology, and the terms 'psychic force' and 'astral bodies' are, to mo, merely words. All my life I have been an Agnostic ; yet of late years I have endorsed Hamlet's opinion that Tln.lL' urc more things in heaven and earth Than nre dreamt of in our philosophy. I have read — as most men of my class read — sumething about spirit manifestations, the vhgaries of certain articles of furniture, Tap pings, and so on in Australia, as well as in .England and America ; but none of these things influenced me. I am simply a plain man, who has li,'.d to cam his living at hard graft from a very early age ; aud at the time these mysteries were first introduced to mo I was a working miner, tramping to a large gold-field then just newly opened. This by way of introduction. I will now proceed with my strange story. \+ * It was twenty- three years ago last Christmas Eve that myself and mate stopped for the night at a small station on the Castlereagh. We had been walking for many weeks, and were tired and footsore. Tho peoplo at the house were very kindly disposed, and made no scruple whatever at tailing us in for tho night. We wore not hard up, though we were not above taking a meal and a shako-down when olfcred. In tho present instance it wan offered, and wo appre ciated it, inasmuch as they appeared very nice people. The family consisted of father, mother, and three (laughters — all the men about tho place being hired' hands. They farmed as woll as shepherded, and had wo been earlier we might have been in for the shearing. As it was, wo were offered work which would cover the Christ mas week. This wo accepted. Let me briefly describe the girls. Kate, the eldest, was a remarkable-looking girl — big, fully developed, rather course featured, but decidedly handsome ; she was, I should say, twenty. Louise was quite the opposite of her robust sister. She was of moderate height, slightly built, and as spirit/tile as an angel — leastways, as far as 1 am able to form an opinion of those celestial beings ; she was fair as alabaster, had tho most beautiful golden hair, which hung down ovor her shoulders free and untrammelled by either net or fillet ; her eyes were intensely blue — almost black they appeared in the evening's gloom ; -while her long, thin fingers gave one tho idea that she had just recovered from a long illness or was in a deolinc. She was very quiet and resorved compared to her sisters ; rarely spoke, unless spoken to — yet was always pleasant, though her eyes were dreamy in their expression. Louise, I gathered, was nineteen. Minriio, tho third girl, was between sixteen aud seventeen, and was the most delightful little romp 1 ever met. Sho was both pretty and peiile, and full to tho brim with fun, begot of good health and a clour conscience. Tho mother was a tall, noble-looking woman, with much of Louise's manner about her ; she was certainly far from being fifty. Her husband was a short, stout, powerfully-built man, dark itt feature, and with rather a repellant air. Ho was a masterful sort of man, aud in this ho was like his eldest daughter. After sunder wo were asked into tho 'best room,' which wo found very nicely furnished. Kate sat down to the piano, and played an old waltz t.uno that I hud heard years before in London, aud I confoss for the time my thoughts ran in that direction. As Kate sat playing, I noticed Louiso sitting m a peculiarly upright position, with a wrapt, intensified expression on her lovely face ; and on the other side of her my young mate, Ernest Dolman, sat gazing into her face with an intensity only equalled by her own look — with this difference, she appeared to bo looking afar oil', whilo he was absorbed in the 1 ? I ? U! ? T? ? o lOVUiy gUl UUlli mm. jumuni, wu,n u jjuuu-iuu... ing young follow, some six years my junior — and 1 was twenty-six. Kate ceased playing, but Louise sat without moving. I was about to ask her to play, when her mother made me a sign, and I desisted. Minnie then rattled her fingers over the keys, and gave us some very good dance music. I thought I'd like to hear her sing, and arose to make tho request, when again my attention was arrested by her mother's warning sigii. Louise sat as still as a statuo. and if my mate had been transfixed by some unseen power he could not have been more like her, for his whole being seemed centred in tho girl. Minnie ceased her play, and mother and sisters drew their chairs closer to Louise's. Their father, I may remark, was not present. ' AVl.nt flu vnu sne. dear?' Queried tho mother. Tho girl's lips parted,' and for a time sho appeared to commune with herself ; her ej^es were still fixed upon tlio wall, and her long, thin, hands rested on her knees. Ernest never stirred, aud I noticed that his lips trembled with emo tion. Presently Louiso spoke: 'I see them — one, two, three. 0, don't ! Ho is so young — so handsome ! God ! they will kill . him ! 1-tun — hero, hide behind this rock ? See, I will stand before you. Oh, Katie, don't ! . . ... . Too lato : too late ! See how tho water boils ! Hear it rushing over tho falls ! Father, wliero is ho ? Gone — gone ! Whero did you say you saw him? Poor fellow! . . Katie, dear, put me to bed.' And she foil back in a swoon into licr mother's arms. Tho mother kissed tho thin, wliito face, and ? Minnio chafed her hands, while Katie stood looking on with a cruel, hard look, while her foil red lips curled into a cynical smile. 'What a nuisance the girl is to go on in this way boforo strangers !' said sho. ' But, Katie dear, tho poor child cannot help it. Here, Minnie, help me to carry her to licr room.' 'Pray lot me assist you, madam,' said Ernest, rousing himself out of his oxtraordinary lothargy ; for I had never known him so strango before. ; Between them they carried Louiso to her chamber ; and when Ernest joined me ho trembled violently. ; .1 whispered to him, ' What's the matter ?' /'I don't know; don't aslc me.' And he strode to tho door leading on to the broad verandah. ? ; ; I did not follow him, but sat talking to Kate, who, much as I loathed her seeming brutal feel ing- towards her sister, had somehow beglomored me— how, I can hardly explain. I liko a fine woman, and this girl came up to my ideas of what a woman should bo physically.- Some little women aro yerj nice — affectionate, pretty, trusting, and all that ; but fine, well-built women have always been my taste, and Aus tralia, more than any other country I have visited, supplies them in greatest number. However, Kate Coombor seemed to be my fate. Her lustrous eyes pierced me through and through ; and her large, sensual, but shapely, mouth appeared to me the most kissable mouth I had ever seen. I naturally asked about Louise's infirmity; and tlio only reply I received was a mocking laugh. ' ' But I may ask you what is the matter with your companion ; he seems quite diitrail.' 'Yes, it is strange; for he is generally such a jovial, noisy chap. He is greatly affected by your sister's strange hallucination, I fancy.'J ' More fool he, for the absurd girl is so weak fli.'if slip lins tu] I'/ITI frill nviir f ' nnfl. Ktrnmrn to say, anyone of the same temperament is similarly affected when they see her.' I went out on the verandah to bring Ernest inside. He was pacing up aud down the grassy plot in front of the bouse. The night was excessively warm, and Ernest was bareheaded. He could not enter the house, he said, while tho young lady was so ill. He declared that he felt in great pain — both mentally and physically — at seeing her in the condition she was. ' I don't know how, or why it is, but I feel a presentiment of evil. Something is going to happen — something that will shorten our friend ship. It is a most unfortunate thing that we came here, for, depend upon it, my fate, at least — possibly yours — is linked with this family. Leave me, there's a. dear fellow ; as Miss Louise recovers, so shall I.' This was most perplexing, and I didn't at all like it, sceptical as I was in regard to things supernatural. I found Mrs Coomber alone, and T Jl.„ X-.t ? I ? T-r_.. .1 ? 1,1 ? j. gui tiiu jiiiurjiiuuuii x rui|uij.uu. jiui uiiufi mur Louise had been afflicted this way from child hood. She had the gift of ' second sight,' and was a medium of a very high order— so a young man who sometimes called there told her. Presently in came Mr Coomber. He was hot and dusty, and in anything but a good humor. His sheep and cattle were dying for want of sustenance ; for there had been no rain to speak of for three months. He had been out to a watercourse on the run where he had a lot of prime cattle grazing on the only bit of good grass on the station, and should rain come they would have to be shifted to higher ground. ' Well, if I mistake not, John, we shall have rain before long,' said his wife. ' Why 'r You know how often it has looked like a, thunderstorm and yet it passed off.' ' Why I think so is because Louise had one of lior peculiar fits this evening; she fancied she saw water running ovor the falls — and you know how true her dreams — or whatever they are — come.' ' Pish ! An old woman's varn — and a silly girl's prophesy 1' Mr Coomber and his daugkter Kate were clearly built the same way — both wero hard, practical, and unsympathetic. A few clouds did gather up before we retired to rest ; but at midnight the great blue space above was clear and studded with stars. As we sat together yarning, Ernest joined us ; he felt better, he said ; but he was still reserved and unsocial. Minnie did not again join us — sho was fond of Louise, and sat by her side until she went to bed. Thus, Kate and I wore pretty well alone, for Ernest wont to tho room .assigned us, and Mr and Mrs Coomber nodded in their chairs. We had quite a long chat, Kate and I, and I found that neither of tho girls had been to Sydney, though Kato was dying to see it. They had been fairly woll educated by a governess, and on the whole were very well satisfied with their lot. When I said good night to her father and mother, Kate followed me out on to tbe verandah, and, as I held her hand iu mine, I felt that sho would not have been angry had I kissed her. That I did not do, not because I Avas a prudo, but because tho fair, delicate face of Louise camo between us as if in a vision. Christmas Day was real Australian — hot as hades, so to speak, and not a breath of wind all day. In tho afternoon there camo a visitor — a young follow from an adjoining station, named TTn -,,-na K,. l,o,1 been educated in England, and was what wo call a ' colonial experience man.' Ho was a very decent fellow, and, as it appeared to me, in lovo with Louise. Louise was now, apparently quito well, and when Falselier suggested a seanco sho assented, though I could see a pained expression on hor face. Falschcr had been explaining to mo somo of tho mysteries of spiritualism. Miss Louiso, ho said, was a splendid medium ; while he, though knowing so much about it, was not. I told him that I thought Ernest was also one. ' Possibly ; ho would sec by-and-byo ;' though I noticed ho didn't like to see my mate near Louise. We had tho seance, and Louise went through the same distressing performance as the evening before, aud was carried to bed exhausted, while Ernest went outside and flung himself on the irrnss. whom, ho wn.q wnnnimc ItVn n rrivl A a Palscher was mounting his horse, he told Mr Coomber that ho would ride hard to get home, for he believed it would rain. ' ' No such good luck,' rejoined Coombor. ' Well, wo shall see. Good night I' IIo had not left tho house an hour Avlien down camo the rain in sheets — just as if the clouds had oponed all at once. Rarely havo I scon such rain ; and I asked Mr Coombor about his cattlc. ' They aro safe, for the earth is so dry that it'll take a night's rain to make tho creek run.' Not only did it rain, but the thunder and light ning wns .simply appalling. We all stood on the broad verandah watching the storm, when Louise joined us. She was clad in a soft woollen garment, which clung to her limbs, aud, being all white, it made her look most ghostlike. Ernest moved to her side as if he must do so ; the jjoor fellow had no volition of his own — he was assuredly under the powerful influence of tho ?f,,.,™ ,,,1,^.1, „:„1 A + ™r«,.T, n..nnlr of thunder she clasped his arm ; and he, poor follow, trembled and shook as if palsied. She beckoued to mo, and the three of us stood at one end of tho verandah by ourselves. 'Watch !' sho whispered. A blinding flash of lightning lit up all around, and the thunder ripped and cracked as if im mediately above our heads. Louise pointed in the direction of the creek;, and never shifted her finger tintil flash after flash had revealed three persons on horseback — one of them a woman — the other two wore Mr Coomber and Ernest, or their doubles, for I cer tainly saw them— and so did Ernest — who stood craning his neck with blanched cheeks and straining eyeballs. It was too paiuful for both, and I led Louise to her mother. '.Father,' said Kate, 'the cattle must be removed, for with the rain there will be a rush of water down tho run. Lot us go.' I stood aghast at tho proposition, and offered to go instead. ' No, you stay here and take care of mother aud the girls. I am used to this sort of thing ; but your friend may coino — if he's not afraid .' Ernest's pale faco crimsoned and his eyes blazed at the cruel taunt ; and I felt that I could have cut . tho woman's tongue out for saying what she did. Coomber whistled, and a couple of black boys ran up. Orders were given to saddle tho horses, and in a few minutes the father aud daughter, Ernest, the two black boys, and a couple stockmen rode out into the black night ainids' deluge of rain, the glare of the lightning, and the continuous roar of thunder. I never saw Ernest Delmar in the flesh again. The rain ceased at about four o'clock, and at six father and daughter returned, and reported Ernest missing. They couldn't tell how they missed him. They had had some trouble with the cattle ; some of them had been washed over the falls, and the young man might have gone that way, too. Both father and daughter spoke of the occurrence in a most matter-of-fact way, and sat down to breakfast as if nothing unusual had happened. ? By seven it was quite fine, and having bor rowed a horse from Coomber and gat one cf the black boys to guide me, I went to look for poor Ernest. We returned at night, after a most ex haustive search, sad, weary, and — speaking for myself — almost heart-broken, for 1 loved the young I'arramittian as I would a brother. I left the station in sorrow and anger — I mentally cursed the place and the people in it — and walked on to the nearest police station, where I reported tho matter. Further search was made, but nothing was ever found of poor ErAest Delmar. It was within a few weeks of being seven years since the events just recorded that I rode into a goldfield's township, in Northern Queensland — then in its hey-day — *-y rny side rode my mate, Tom Trebord, ;» 1 young Oornishman of some six or seven and twenty years of age. We were both fairly well ic wo had been on a prospecting tour in new country, and had picked up several good sized nuggets, besides having marked out some good-looking reefing ground. We intended having a spell until after Christinas, and, therefore, wero anxious to secure comfortable quarters. Wc pasted several hotels, and at length brought up in front of one that seemed to suit both our tastes and our pockets. Tying our nags up to tho sign -post, we entered the bar. It was full, and two women were serving beer, shandy-gaff, and other long drinks to a crowd of miners. My attention was attracted to one of the women as soon as I entered. Was it my weak ness for big women, or had I seen that face before that made me stand as if struck aud look straight at her? 'To hesitate is to be lost;' and had I not hesitated but foil owe:1, my mate to the other end of the counter, all might have been well, for she was too busy just then to notice anyone entering. But standing there, as I did, like a stuck pig, or a blooming idiot, no one could help noticing me, and the woman darted a look as of recognition towards me. I felt drawn towards her, though Tom was beckoning nie to get my drink. After all, I thought, she don't know me, for as may be guessed, seven years had made a great difference in me, though not so much in her — for it was she — Kate Coomber. I had grown much stouter, was awfully sun browned, and had a monstrous beard, added to which my rig was altogether different to what it was when I stayed at her father's house on th : occasion of that unlucky storm. I joined Tom, and we stood quietly drinkingand taking stock of the bar and those in it, including the two women. Kate appeared to bo the favor ite, and was laughing and jolting with first one, then the oihor, just in her old way, so that I could hardly resist going to .her ; in truth, I felt jealous of her smiles to others. Sho had grown larger, and being in a fashionable costume, and her hair dressed in a more stylish fashion, sho looked a lot bettor. Still, she was a gross-looking animal ; just such a woman as a man would fight for, or even risk his neck, and then curse her, though I never thought then that that would be just my lot. I asked the other girl if her chum's name was Kate ? It was ; did I know hor ? And I was foolish enough to say that I thought I did. No sooner said than she flow to Kate, whispered something iu her ear, and in a socond that young lady was leaning over the counter holding my hand, aud peering, with those burning eyes of hers, straight into mine. ' Surely you are not Ned — Mr. Laneefield?' ' That's me, Kato ; I wonder you knew mo.' ' ' Know you ! what, do you think I havo ever forgotten you ?' ' Well, you might, you kuow ; any way, I know you as soon as I entered the door.' ' And am I not altered ?' ' Yes, a little ; though ? ' ' How ; for better or for worso? Say, am I improved?' 1 admitted that she was ; and she squeezed my hand. ' ' Where arc you from — do you intend staying hero: and for how long ?' I told hor all sho wanted to know, and I wish mv imwrnn lm/l IVHsfmvvl fnr limner un i-nurlw woman was the devil, and I, who was generally considered a hard, unimpressionable fellow, was in a delirium of delight. My blood was on fire, aud Tom suggested that I had better have a soda next and then go in to supper. I may briefly say that Kato was, or seemed to be, highly pleased that wo put up at the ' Great Northern.' Wo knocked about together a good deal, and I discovered that her mother and sisters wero on tho field, though she did not tell me tliis for a week or so. Her father was dead, and she and Miunie were keeping the mother and Louise. Minnie was, I was surprised to hear, performing at the local theatre nightly, as a dancer ; and Louise was ' as big a fool as ever,' so her lovin' sister said. Kate would not tell mo where they resided, until I said that I'd go to the theatre and seek an interview -with Minnie. Then she told me, but was so annoyed with me that I had to pacify her by buying her an expensive bangle. Mrs Coomber and Louise were pleased to see me, and as for Minnie, when I met hor at the door of the theatre one night and saw her home, the little girl was quite delighted, and treated me as trust ingly as she would a big brother. Mrs Coombor had aged greatly, whilo poor Louise had. grown thinner and paler ; so fine and dolieate, that ono could almost see through her long thin hands. Yot she looked no older ; her faco was still a child's face, and her voice was as low and sweet and musical as of yore. r\„~ i „.i ? t ? „i n._ ..ii ? -i v^iiu uigiii «iieu. x wa,s ;ii- uiu cottage, ner mother had gone to sleep on a sofa — for she was failing fast — and Louiso took my hand in hers and fondled it. It looked so big and coarse in hers that I laughed at tho contrast. She kissed it, and I felt a hot tear-drop fall — it almost blistered my heart to sec her so weak and fragile. 'Ned,' sho said, 'why don't you curso us; we deserve it, all of us. We are the cause of all the trouble you have had, or will have. Only for us you might have been happy with some good woman.' I chided her, but stie went on. ' We aro all going down, lower, lower, lower, down to to tho very bottom ! AVlien mother goes — she's our angel — we shall go down quick.' Her eyes became fixed upon something that I could not see. Then a spasm of pain crossed her beautiful, saint-like face, and she clutched iny arm with a vice-like grip. ... ; ' Follow me, Ned. Listen, and watch ! You are too good a man to be sacrificed ; but it must be. I might help you, but I dare not. Kate would ? 0 Kate ! that you had never been born ! Poor Minnie, too, she will suffer. It's a shame, a cursed shame, that I should be such a coward. But she — Kate, I mean — is my sister. 0. Ned. ' look 1 ' Tho lamp had been turned down low; the, mother still slept, and Louise's long fingers still held their grip of my arm. At first I saw nothing but a mist on the wall ; then something moved to and fro. 'Look!' whispered Louise, and her fingers seemed to press into my arm. i 'Do you not see ? ' Can it not be Jmped p ' I did ,see, though how, or by what magic could never understand. There were sever! faces at first — Kate's, mine, Ernest's, her father'; Minnie's and my mate Tom's. But they wei confused, and, to me, there was no meaning- t sequence in what I saw. But the girl's look grew more iutense, and si leaned forward as if to get nearer, half risin from her seat to do so. 'See what they are doing! 0, God, that should be so ! but it is so written, and milit b- Look close !' And then I saw a tragedy. Two men wei fighting, and a woman looking on ; at times sh appeared to urge them on by voice and gesture praising one, taunting the other. One fell — b: face was the face of a dead man, and bloo flowed from his temple. The woman knelt by th fallen man's side and kissed him. The othc stood looking on, until the woman raised he head, and appeared to speak to him. Then h lifted his hand as if to strike her, but she held pistol at his breast, and motioned him away fror the scene. The man slunk away out of sight, and then younger woman appeared. She, too, knelt by th dead man's side and kissed him. She wej: bitterly and threw herself on his breast. A flas of light — the tall woman held a smoking weapon and the younger lay beside the man dead. Th faces of the actors in this ghostly tragedy wcr those of Kate Coomber, her sister Minnie, Ton Trebord and my own. I felt Louise's grip relax, and had just time ti catch her as she was falling. Her mother awoke and I assisted her to placc Louise on her bed. ' explained what had happened. Clutched my ha and wont out into the night air, half mad witl feai, grief and jealousy. That nie-ht my bed a the Great Northern was not slept iu. 1 walkec the surrounding hills the livelong night, and onlj that I foired to die, there would have been e coroner's inquest on a suicide's body. Christmas drew on, and I noticed two things : Minnie was in love with Tom, while he, poor fool, was bewitched by Kato, who never lost an oppor tunity to glamor him with those demoniacal eyes. Tom really reciprocal d Minnie's attachment; but the damnable wiles nf the older woman con quered. And IP why I was a far worse idiot than he ; for was I not older and stronger, and did I. not know hr- of old. But more than that, had I not been i ore warned ? I was fairly con sumed with jealous}-. On Christmas Eve, Tom t- ok Kate to tho theatre ; it was the night of the pantomime, and Minnio appeared as Columbine. Their going was kept a secret from me, and it was by the merest accident that I entered tho building that night. I met an old acquaintance, and wo went into the pic together. In front of me I saw Kate and Tom. She was as seductive as usual, and he looked happy by the syren's side. As sonn as the play wns over. I hurried outside in order to intercept them. When they appeared I took Kate's hand, andahnost dragged her away. She resisted and Tom remonstrated. 'As a matter of courtesy, old man, I must see Miss C'. oraber home,' he said. ' No, you shall not ; your place is hero — wait for one who is worthier of you than she,' pointing to Kate. 'How dare you say that? And do you, Tom Trebord, allow this man to insult me before your face? ' _' I do dare, and he can't help it. You are mine, body and soul ; and though you were Circe herself, and would drag me straight to hell, I'd take you from him.' Tom put his hand on mine, as if to lift it from her arm. I pushed him away, and ho struck at mo, but missed. 'Come away,' he said, 'wo don't want a row here. Let us spare Miss Coomber, anyhow.' ? ' Very well, let us get it over — anywhere you liko.' ' And I go too,' said Kate. Wc both advised her not, but to go homo. ' What ! '? hissed she, ' and let this madman murder you. Not if I know it.' 'By God, Kate, the wonder is that I dou't murder you ! ' ' ' You daren't ; you aro too big a cur.' I fairly boiled with rage, and how I refrained from striking her I can hardly tell. _ The place where we fought was in a quiet littlo valloy away from the reefs, half a mile or so from the town. We did not strip, for, I am sure, both thought the affair would not last long — in fact, I half repented before we struck a blow. I was much the more powerful man, and Tom, I believed, was not much inclined to get hammered for Kate. A round or two convinced me that poor Tom was merely acting on the defensive; yet that shc- dovil goarded both of us on, promising love to him and hurling taunts ana reproacnes at me. It was an unluckly blow' that knocked Tom off his legs ; and only for that damnable piece of quartz tho great sin of my life would never have happened. Tho sharp point entered Tom's forehead just above the eye ; ho never so much as groaned— one deep sigh and all was over. Then the hell- hag taunted me, and I lifted my hand to smash her— her I had loved like a mad fool — and 1 felt mad enough to bash out hot brains. Then sho whips out a revolver and points it at me; better if she had fired! Perhaps she would have done so ; I don't know. She was capable of doing anything. 1 think I should have tried conclusions with her, only just then her sister Minnie burst upon us. How sho discovered where wo were is a mystery. I ? was knocked all of a heap at seeing her drop by Tom's side ; and while standing dumbfounded, as it were, I heard the report of a pistol, and tho next instant the murderess had me covered. ' Go ; clear out 1 This is a secret between us two. They arc both dead. They'll bo found hero by someone; leave mo to seo it out; go away, unless you want me to shoot you also.' I slunk away like a cur. What happened I don't know. I could never havo been suspected ; was never followed. It would have been easy to catch me, for I took no pains at concealment. I can hardly say how I put in tho time for years afterwards. I wandered about from gold- field to gold-field; even went to sea. Was often hard up, sometimes near starving. Never had a day's luck, and when I wasn't soddened with rum and opium I was mad, dangerously mad, for I courted death ; yet had not tho courage of ? an ordinary suicide. One thing, I think, kept me from self-murder : I hoped to see the woman I hated again. Two years ago last Christmas Eve I was prowling round about tho back slums of the purlieus of Bathurst-street, looking about mo for a cheap doss, and as I passed the small tene ments I peered in at the front doors, being : curiously inclined, and speculated as to the sort . of lives the people wero leading — whether thev : were comfortable, happy, and virtuous, or as wretched, miserable, and vicious as mysolf. It was getting late, and hungry as I was I was still further done up for want of sleep, for I had been hunted by the police for several ni'hts running. I arrived at the end of a lan?— a cul de sac it seemed— but on closer inspection I found a harrow passage running at right angles towards Darling Harbor. It was a foul-smell- ' ' mg spot ; . heaps of decayed fruit and vegetables greeted the eye at every; turn. Coal .yards here and timber yards there ; and then patches of vacant land which, for the nonce, were the grazing grounds of ancient billies and nannies, to say nothing of their being used as places of assignation by certain very degraded members of the human race. In a corner of one of these allotments was a queer-looking humpy ; its parts were wood, iron tin, old bags, half -rotten matting, pieces of tarpaulin, and old coal ; 1 \- - ? C ? ? I baskets. The place -was redolent of dead cats, ill ? sewer gas, coal tar, and stinking fish. I saw no 3, light, and I concluded it was empty. ' Here, re then, was my haven of rest on this blessed -r Christmas Eve, 1892, and unless the pangs of hunger disturbed me, there would I sleep all ic night and all next day, quite unmindful of g natitivities or festivities,, of rats, larrikins, police, or — well, drunken, foul-mouthed women, it There was no door. I entered. All was 2- dark, except in one corner, and there lay some thing white. I shuddered, for thoughts of the 'c past crowded upon mo, and I expected to 6eo the lC place filled with the ghosts of those I had loved h — and hated. I kept my eyes fixed upon the is white shadow — or whatever it was — and tip d toed (I knew my boots were too far gone to 0 squeak) towards it. I put out my band, expect ;r ing to find nothing ; it rested on a body of some ir sort, and the body was a living thing. Though e minus tnub and money, I had a match, one a only. I struck it. What an illumination that n solitary vesta made in that wretched hovel ! The body was that of a woman. The match 1 burnt out, and a whispering voice asked, o ' Who is there ?' 't ?' I have no business here,' I said; 'lam h poor, am looking for a place whore I may sleep ; '?- didn't know anyone was here ; found the door 0 open — very sorry indeed, and beg pardon. But Q before I go may I ask whether you aro ill, and 1 can I get anything for you 1' Yes, I am ill, dying. Someone will — be — 3 here — presently. Can you find — find a drink ?' \- ' I might if I had a light.' E ' On the — man — tel-pieco — over there — you t will — find mat — clies. I can sec — quite — plain ; i not your face — but — your form.' t I found the matches, also an inch or two of I candle standing in the lid of a mustard tin. I r lit it, and took a hasty survey of the room i- before I turned to the woman. It was miserable indeed, black with smoke aud accumulated filth. I turned to the bed; it looked fairly clean. The wo-nan shaded her eyes from the candle's glare. Her hands were merely skin aud bone ; her long fair hair lay about the pillow. She re moved her h«nd; it was, oh God! Louise Coomber ! Dying ! Did she say dying ? and I unable to help her ! But she had been dying for years. The wonder is she had lasted *o long. But what a place to die in ! ' Louise ! — is it possible?' ' Who are you that calls Louiso?' ' Me — Ned — don't you remember Ned Lance- ' field r' 'I do remember him, but not you. Yet you know him ; where — whore is he?' ' Louise, I am Ned, believe me, wretched as I look. But how is it you aro here — in this vile place? Where's Kate?' 'Hush! She is wretched, too, cursed like, your — self. Why did you — not — fly away — from the danger ? Oh ! if you had taken the warn ing — giv — en you ! The spirits nev — ver lie. Cume close, . . . Yes, it is — Ned. I do not blame you. You are not a, mur— der — er. It had to be. Oh, my poor Minnie ! But — what — matters? I shall soon be with her; and you — will you not fol — low ? You can — not desire to live. Ned, you loved Kate — like — a — man. But — oh ! how shall I say it ? Tho poor young fellow, Ernest. I didn't love him ; it was — you. Jjod forgive me ! It doesn't mat — tcr now. Kiss mo.' ' Great God — if there be one ' — cried I, ' spare this woman's life, or else take mine.' Only to think of it — to find this dear fragile creature in such a slum ! What could ha.ve happened? What dolts wc are in youth and health, not to see rightly. All had gone wrong through sheer pig-headedness, cussedness, gross animalism. Aud there lie an angel-woman a dying! ' Aga'n, I asked, ' Where is Kato ?' ' Hush ! She -will come, but do not notice — her. She is so altered. Leave her — in — peace — though better she — were — dead. A few more hours and — and I — oh ! why do you weep ? See I can smile — for — for am I not going to join mother aud Minnio ? See, they are beckoning to me ; I hear their voices. They — they are — all there. They al— ways come when— I want them. You want them, too, for — for you will join us soon.' 1 And sho smiled sweetly as she held my hand, - and pointed with the other to tho dark corner of the room. Tho candle flickered, Louise moved uneasily and leaned her head against my arm. ' ' The light went out ; but we wero not in abso- : ? lute darkness, for right across tho room was a broad band of light, iu which was seen Louise's , father aud mother, my poor boy Ernest, and Tom and Minnio with their arms about each, other. Their faces were radiant, and as they passed out of sight each one seomed to smile a welcome. The light had not yot disappeared, when a heavy footstep was heard near the door, and a woman's voice huskily exclaimed — ' What, no light ? Some more damned ghost nonsense, I suppose. How did they look ? Who were they? That youngster Ernest, I suppose —and— and — let mo see ; oh yes, of courso, Min, and that young Cousin Jack — damn them 1 both ! Can't you fetch up the ghost of that other fellow — you know, Ned ? He was the only man of the gang that_ I cared about. Surely he ; must be dead by this time — and he may thank me for not being scragged.' \- j- lb ib nere, j. interjected, ?? and Jie don't ? ; thank you one jot ; and neither does ho care for , you, now — nor for all tho police you can put on ?; to him. You arc a cruel, heartless wretch, unworthy of tho name of woman. Your poor sister hero is dying, and in her last moments you havo negleoted her. Two of my dearest friends owe their deaths to you; and you shot down ; your other sister with your own hand, and all becauso your jealous, lustful, selfish soul hun gered for the love of those who loathed you. ' Woman-fiend ! devil that you are ! go down on : your knees and ask that dear, puro soul lying there to forgive you before the breath leaves her frail body. She may forgive you, but I never ' shall.' 'You! you! you !— and who are youP slio screeched, before I concluded what I had to say. . ' Whore's tho light ? ' And she fumbled for the piece of candle on the filthy mantelpiece, 'Blast you! do you hear? 'Where is the candle ? _ Let me see this braggart that I may clutch his windpipe, and tear his taunting tongue from its roots. Where, I say, is tho candle ? Ah ! here are matches. Now we'll have a light, and I'll see the dog's face — the hound that dares talk to a woman who is a queen compared to him whoever he is.' A wind storm had arisen, and the tin, of which the old rookery was partly built, rattled ominously. ? ' ? ? ' Blow, yo devils, blow, and split your cheeks 1 Blow this cursed humpy into the harbor, and all that's in it with it. ' . She rushed about the room liko an infuriated wild animal all the time, searching for candle. ' '? 'No candle, no money, ho fire — yes; by- God, : there is— see here.' . And she applied a lighted match to somo old tattered rags hanging from tho roof. It blazed ' up furiously, for the wind blew a gale outside. ' !' 'Ah! ah 1' ah ! Now wo can seo. What, Louise, still alive? Cheer up, my girl, you shall go, to heaven in a fiery chariot. You are too good for this world, and you may thank your dear sister Kate for sending you out of it. Its a short journey, my dear ; you go to join Miu and those two boys that dared to love me — a woman. Ah, ah? .Why, as I'm alive, this Ecarecrow here is—who — what P Ned. Lance- ; field! Who would have thought of meeting: you ? Let us be merry, old man— for you do look devilish old — here, drink.' And she drew a bottle from her pocket. _ '? Tho place was now in a blaze. Louise lay like dead ; but when I rushed to her and at tempted to lift her from the bed, she smiled, and her lips moved. ' Quick, woman, help me to move her before fho is burned to death,' roared I, as I dashed the bottle from Kate's hand. She glared at me like a tigress, then flung herself upon me. ' Leave her, you miserable dog : touch nothing belonging to me. Bah! I wouldn't touch you with a fork, you doating imbecile. Away, I say ; Louise shall die right merrily on this festive eve. We'll burn together, my dear — and curses on him that tries to part us.' ' Mi-crable woman ; no one wants to part you; but let me carry Louise to a place of safety.' 'No, no, no! she shrieked, and then she grappled with me. She was a monster of a woman — big, fat, and v! 11 wieldly ; and weak and starving as I was, I was like a kitten in her arms. Besides, she was half drunk, and mad with rage. ' Leave go, you, you — hell's spawn. Bali ! I cou'd break you to pieces. My sister is mine, and we will go to hell together.' She had boi.h her arms about me, and sho pressed me to her, nearly crushing me in the ett'ort. ?' No,' I cried in despair, ' not to hell — you cannot take her there.' The place was now full of smoke, and I heard the ilaines cracking. I could see Louise no longer ; I released one hand from Kate's cruel grip, aud felt for the bed. Louise was there — whether dead or not I could not tell. I was nearly suffocated ; and Kate's huge bust was pressed against me, while her fat fiugers were twined into my hair. She cursed arid panted, and we fell together ; and somehow she got the battle. I beard tho liquor gurgle in her throat, and sho then jabbed it against my mouth. ' Here, curse you, drink — its only rum. Lot \is be happy together. Why not ? All, ah ! what a lark. Let us be friend- at hist. Louise, girl, arc you waim? Blazes, it is getting close.' I made another effort to free myself ; but sho was too strong. Htr coarse lips were pressed to mine, and the foulness of her heated breath, poisoned with spirits, nearly took away what iittle breath was J eft in me. Tho place was now all ablaze, and I heard voices shouting. I sang out, ' Louise, Louise — good-bye.' There was no response. The woman still held me ; but she seemed to be dragging me. I was half dazed, and could see nothing but smoke and flames. I felt tho cold night wind on my checks, and could hear the hissing of the fire man's hoses ; and a spray of water came full in my faco. It revived me, and I swung myself free from my old flame ; but before I could get away from her she raised the bottle high in tho air and brought it down on my head. It was a slanting blow, or I should have been doue for. As it was, I was partially stunned ; and tho woman seized me again, and tugged away with all her might to get me into the fire. Strange, no one noticed us. Wc fought like two beasts — up .and down ; and when lying down Ave rolled over and over, and then for a time I ost my head . We had rolled over the wharf into the black filth of Darling Harbor. I was half full of it — but I was free from my frightful incubus ; hanging on to an eyebolt in a pile. I contrived to reach some steps, and once more stood npon the wharf. The firu had burnt out ; and as I stood thero shivering, and trying to realise what had hap pened — whether it was real, or a hideous dream — the big bell in the Post Office tower boomed out ' Oxe.' One o'clock on Christmns morning, 1892, I stood the sole survivor of those who had been so strangely brought together at tlio Castlereagh Station 21 years before; sole depositary of the mystery attached to tho strange tragedies it had been my lot to witness ; the sole mourner of tho victims — and, possibly, the instrument, however unwilling, of their deaths. I live but to repent — for I hope I am a changed man ; and I pray that I may join the pure soul — whose almost dying words breathed her lovo for me — in a better land. Of what followed after the concluding tragedy I know but little, for I was an inmato of a hos pital for many a long day, and subsequently confined in a mad -house, so I conclude I must have been mad. Thus, from the time of my escape from a foul death to my release from tho asylum, is pretty well a blank. I remember nothing clearly — though every event of my past life, up to that awful night, is deeply engraven on my memory, from which nothing but death will efface the angelic form of the dying Louise, whose pure soul, I am sure, now rests where grief nor pain is unknown. 