Diocese of Grafton an&Axmiflale.; Installation of the new Bishop On Tuesday last a ceremony was per formed at St. Peter's Cathedral, Armidale, which must have been an occasion of spe cial rejoicing among the Anglicans of this diocese, viz.—the installation of Dr. Ar thur Yincent Green as Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. To churchmen throughout Australasia the event is a significant one, inasmuch as Bishop Green holds the unique position of being the first Austra lian student who has been raised to the episcopate. 'Tis true that Bishop Chal mers, of Goulburn, and Bishop Julius, of Christehurch (N.Z.), were selected from among the clergy of these colonies, but they came amongst us in orders, whereas Bishop Green received his theological training at Trinity College, Melbourne, and has attained his present high position by indomitable perseverance and the whole-hearted manner in which he entered into the work of the church. Ballarat may well be proud of the high distinction it holds to-day in the history of the Anglican Church in Australia, in two of its graduates occupying bishoprics in these colonies, viz.—Bishop Julius and Bishop Green, and now that it is recognised that the highest ecclesiastical positions are open to the clergy, it should he a great incentive to to them, and create increased zeal and con fidence among colonial clerics. The his tory of the church in this diocese during the past few months is fresh to the me mories of our readers, so it will be unne cessary to recapitulate it in detail at this stage. The election of the Yen. Archdea con Green, of Ballarat, by the unanimous vote of the synod at Armidale,—after the failure of delegation—his consenting to ac cept the high office, and subsequent conse cration at St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, amid much ceremony, have been duly chronicled, also the many farewell addresses and tokens of esteem and regard he has re ceived from his parishioners and fellow students in Victoria. Coming amongst us with such a reputation, and with honours showered liberally upon him, it is no won der that Bishop Green's arrival has been looked forward to with great interest and that all classes and creeds turned out to extend a hearty welcome to Mm. St. Peter's Cathedral was prettily deco rated for the occasion and special seating accommodation was provided, and as the weather was fine the whole of the available space was occupied long before tbe ap pointed time for the ceremony to com mence. The clergy of the diocese, mem bers of the Synod, and St. Peter's choir met in the schoolroom at 10.45 a.m., from whence a procession started in the follow ing order:—Rev. G. Souter bearing a cross, j members of the synod, choir, St. Peter's banner, visiting clergy (among whom were the Bev. Canon Sharp and Bev. A. Yar nold, chaplains to the Primate, Bev. Mr. Witherby and Bev. S. Hungerford), the clergy of the diocese bringing up the rear with several other banners. On nearing the cathedral the processional hymn, " The Son of God Goes Forth to War," was sung, and at the eastern side the Bishop of New castle, with his chaplain (the Bev. Canon Goddard), the Bishop of Grafton and Armi dale, with his chaplain (the Bev. W. J. Killock Piddington), and the Yen. Arch deacons Boss and Greenway joined the I train. They marched round the northern side of the cathedral and entered by the west door, the whole congregation stand ing and joining in the singing as they pro 1 ceeded down the aisle. The bishops and archdeacons occupied seats within the com munion rail, the chaplains being seated just outside the rail, while the clergy and synodsmen had the front pews reserved for them. A shortened form of morning prayer was said, the service being intoned by the Eev. J. T. Wrenford. The first lesson was read by the Bev. E. G . Moberly and the second lesson by the Bev. J. Hugill. After the third collect had been said the grand old hymn, "The Church's One Foundation," was sung, and the Yen. Archdeacon Green way, as administrator, read his mandate for the installation from the Primate. Bishop Green then produced the official document of his consecration, which, hav ing been read aloud by the Ven. Arch deacon Boss, the following declarations were made:— "I, Arthur Yincent, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, do hereby promise to re spect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Cathedral church and diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lord ing it over God's heritage, and endeavour to show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen." " J[, Arthur Vincent, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, do hereby promise to ac cept, as binding upon myself, all rules, de terminations, ordinances, and resolutions heretofore made, or hereafter to be made by the general synod of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, and by the synod of this diocese. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen." The administrator then addressed the bishop as follows :— " On "behalf of the synod of Grafton and Armidale, I, Charles Capel Greenway, ad ministrator of the diocese, do hereby in duct thee, Arthur Yincent Green, L.L.D., into the occupation of the See of Grafton and Armidale, and into the possession, au thority, and jurisdiction, which pertain to the bishop of this diocese in accordance with the acts and resolutions of the synod, and I pray the Lord be with thee." And also said the special collect for the occasion, i.e.:— "O Thou good Shepherd of the sheep, Who hast gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with Thy Heavenly Grace all bishops and pastors that they may lead Thy people into good pastures, and bring them safely to Thine Eternal Fold; and for this Thy servant who has been invested with the office of a bishop, we pray Thee that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervonr of love and purity of life that he may use his office well, so we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever, Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost, livest and reignest one God world without. Amen." The administrator then conducted the bishop to his chair, saying:— " By virtue of my office as administrator of this dioeese, I do install and enthrone thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the bishop in this Cathedral church of the diocese: In the name of the Father, and of the Son, : and the Holy Ghost. Amen. And the i Lord preserve thy going out and coming ; in from this time forth for evermore, i Amen." \ After the reading of the epistle and 1 gospel by Archdeacons Greenway and Boss respectively, and the singing of the : Nicene Creed, the Bishop of Newcastle ; preached the sermon, taking for his text the 8th verse of the third chapter of St. Paul's first epistle to the Thessalonians, j viz.:—" For now we live, if ye stand fast ; in the Lord." Beferring to the ceremonies ; of that day the preacher reminded them • that they were merely empty things, out 1 ward show as it were, and without they | were filled with the grace of God they could ; not be used for God's great good. Pointing , to the ornamental window in the chancel i he told them that as the beauties of it could ' not be discerned without there wasalightto J show it up, so the installation ceremony just j gone through was in itself a pencil sketch, j and required God's blessing to perfect it. j They were there that day to accord a hearty welcome to their new bishop and their whole demeanour showed their cordial ac ceptance of him. Time must be allowed for personal feelings to grow up between them, but he did not doubt that under the keen and hearty administration of the affairs of the diocese by their bishop that good feeling would soon grow up. If a minister 'was to live amongst them, if a bishop was to become strong in his duties he must be surrounded by the earnest, re sponsive, and loving action of his people. Unless he was so surrounded his energies would pall, his enthusiasm shrink up, and his power of doing good be thwarted. He did not know one officer in the church who was so absolutely dependent on his people as a bishop—he depended entirely on the | fidelity, intelligence, and goodwill of his j co-workers. Everything depends on the j responsive, sympathetic, and ready man j ner in which he is assisted, and he earnestly I asked them to extend that assistance to their new bishop that he so much needed at this time. If the people were whole souled in their duties to the church the bishop would re-act on them. After deal ing at length on the duties and expecta tions of a bishop he told them that they had a bishop full of splendid resources, he had earned a great Victorian reputation, was the honour and pride of his college and university, thoroughly up to time in all the leading questions of the day in church matters, and would be able to speak to his clergy and laity in an intel ligent manner on such questions. The Bishop of Ballarat—who had spoken of him as a splendid organiser—had chosen him as his archdeacon, and would sadly miss him in the work of that important dio eese. Their new bishop had plenty of energy and elasticity of limb, was possessed of all the vigour and freshness of manhood which would enable him to visit all the large centres and little parishes of his ex tended diocese. He was sure they had got a bishop who would suit them, he had risked very much in accepting the high of fice, and he again appealed to them to extend to him a helping hand. The preacher at this stage made a touching reference to the late Bishop Turner. In conclusion he hoped that that day would be the begin ning of great things for the diocese, and trusted that God in his goodness would realise all the expectations the most auspi cious occasion warranted. At the conclusion of the sermon the rite of Holy Communion was celebrated, at which a large number of the congregation presented themselves as communicants, the bishops, assisted by the archdeacons, per forming the sacred office. The ceremony was concluded at about 1.15 p.m. by the procession reforming and marching out of the cathedral singing the processional hymn " The king of terrors," the bishops, archdeacons, and chaplains falling out on the east side, the remainder proceeding to the schoolroom. K — X Opening of the New England Pbopbie-/ taby School. On Tuesday afternoon last the formal open ing ceremony in connection with the above school was performed by the newly-installed bishop of the diocese in the presence of a very large gathering of ladies and gentle men. It will be remembered that when the school was opened on the 1st February last, Archdeacon Boss, D.D., then an nounced that the formal opening would take place at a subsequent date, and that the ceremony would be performed by a distinguished personage, therefore the di rectors of the institution availed themselves of the opportunity, and arranged that the first public function fulfilled by the bishop of the diocese should be the performance of the postponed office. Prior to the public ceremony a luncheon was held in the spacious dining-room of the school, at which over 100 gnests sat down. A raised table was placed at the southern end of the room, over which Mr. F. B. White, vice-president, presided, haying on his right Bishop Staunton, of Newcastle, and Bishop Green, of this diocese. At the table were also Archdeacon Boss, Bev. W. Fisher, principal of the school, Mr. C. Home, Hon. Treasurer, Dr. Wigan, Hon. Secre tary, and the following directors:—Messrs. E. C. Blomfield, A. H. Belfield, G. H. V. Jenkins, A. W. Simpson, and Dr. Mur ray. Besides the whole of the clergy attending the church ceremonies in Anni cale, there were present a large number of shareholders and parents of the scholars, including quite a number of ladies. At the conclusion of the repast, the chair man proposed the toast of " The Queen," which was received with cheers, and then proposed the health of "Our Guest, the Lord Bishop of Grafton and Armidale." He stated that his Lordship had kindly consented to meet them to formally open the school, for which duty he thanked.him on behalf of the directors. Beferring to the work of the diocese, he said that if they wanted any guarantee as to the bishop's ability they had the record he brought with him, and the testimony of those who had known him for many years. The toast was received with great cheer ing. : Bishop Green, who on rising to respond was greeted with prolonged applause, re marked that, as lie had got another speech to deliver that afternoon and a sermon to preach that evening, they innst not expect too much from him now. He would con tent himself by saying how delighted he was that the first public function he was called upon to perform was one in connec tion with education. He had been greatly connected with education in Victoria, and 3ie regarded it as a good omen to perform such a duty that day. He was really sur prised when he first saw the splendid pile ©f buildings they were then in, and said that it spoke voinmes for the spirit and energy of the churchmen in Hew England. virtue of his office he was a visitor to Hie school, which gave him power to in spect and report upon it whenever he chose. He would make his visits as frequent as possible, because he had a real, true, and heartfelt interest in education. His duties would not be carried out in a perfunctory manner. He hoped, during his period of office, the school would meet with every success; that it would be the means of training up good citizens and good, God fearing men, and if so the efforts of those ■connected with the school would be at tended with happiness and blessedness. (Loud cheering.) Dr. Murray proposed "Success to the School," and referred to the efforts of Arch deacon Boss, Mr. E. P. Abbott, and Sir J. P. Abbott, who were instrumental in bring ing the school to its present successful issue. To those gentlemen Hew" England, and he might say Australia, owed a debt ©f gratitude in raising such a splendid in stitution, and he hoped it would be the school of not only Hew South Wales but of Australia. Archdeacon Boss, who was loudly cheered, returned thanks on behalf of Mr. B. P. and Sir J. P. Abbott, whom he was sure would have liked to have been present to speak for themselves. Personally speaking, to have lived to see that day was ample com pensation for all he had done for the school. (Cheers.) Archdeacon Boss proposed the health of *' The Visitors." The Bishop of Hewcastle responded with a very humourous speech, referring to the newly installed bishop as the latest episco pal baby—a baby that took a great deal of notice—and to whom he felt something like a sponsor. He said that day was one which the diocese would appreciate more and more as they became acquainted with their bishop. He had been told by a bishop who knew Dr. Green, that he had too much " go' and energy for the Grafton and Armidale diocese, however he did not think it a bad quality, and also did not think they would mind that. (Cheers.) At this stage the company separated to attend the formal opening. About 200 ladies and gentlemen as sembled in the main schoolroom where the ceremony took place, the dais being occu pied by the two bishops, Archdeacon Boss, and the members of the directorate. Before taking his seat Bishop Green went among the scholars and chatted plea santly to them, and made enquiries about matters mostly uppermost in the minds of schoolboys. Mr. E. E. White occupied the chair. The Bev. W. Fisher opened the proceed ings with prayer. The chairman, at the outset, apologised for the position he held that day, and re gretted that the president of the school (Sir J. P. Abbott) was not present to preside over them; but they were all well aware that his parliamentary duties had the first claim to his presence. He referred to the work in connection with the formation of the school having been begun fully half a cen tury ago, and they were there to celebrate the consummation of that work. He then introduced the Lord Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. Bishop Green, who was received with cheers, said that he had been told to say something about the past history of the school, and therefore would do so. As stated by the chairman the work was commenced about half a century ago, and it linked it self with Bishop Braughton, the first bis hop in Australia. That bishop must have been a wonderful man, for besides his many and manifold duties he still managed to take very great interest in educational matters. He foresaw that even in these re mote parts there was a prospect of an educational establishment - being required some day, and he obtained the sum of £500 from the British and Foreign Bible So ciety—a society whose name should be re ceived with enthusiasm by churchmen whenever mentioned. This sum of money increased to £14,000, and then, owing to the efforts of Archdeacon Boss and Messrs. Abbott and other zealous workers, the sum ©f £6000 was raised in shares, main™™ in au £20,000, and the result was the magnifi cent school now before them. Beferrino' to the article of association he said they provided that the head master shall be a clergyman of the Church of England in ©rders, and graduate of a British or Colo nial university; all the directors must be members of the Church of England, and the visitor the bishop of the diocese, so they would see that it was essentially a Church of England Grammar School. He thoughtthese were admirable safeguards. There were a great many people who said that the church was against the dissemination of knowledge; but how could that be when she is for ever tryino to teach nothing but the truth, and was not the best of knowledge? He dwelt upon the history of the church for cen turies past, and quoted many of its noblest and brilliant men down to the present time. The church had always taught pure, true, and useful knowledge, and he hoped, pray God, that she would ever continue to do so. Deferring to the moral and religious as pect of learning, he asked them how could they believe any education to be complete that leaves out the moral and religious essential—everything that goes to make a sober, righteous, and God-like life. He noticed that the education to he taught at the school was to be varied—for that they could not but he thankful. In speaking ©n the subject of varied education, he said they might, by enlarging the curriculum, lose in quality what they gained in quantity. He hoped the school would be a place of learning not only in a wide and extensive field, but that all they taught there would be thorough. He asked the boys to throw their minds thoroughly in to their work, to acquire the habit of self-con centration, and to pull themselves together erhen they have any task to perform, they would then make, in time, worthy scholars ! and be an honour to the school. The first boys in a school can make or mar the name of the school, and they should each strive to get their names on the scroll of fame and honour. The world was before them, and who knows what positions the boys of the New England Proprietary School might not reach. They mast be whole-hearted in their work, learning to fear God, they would then become good scholars, good citizens, and God-fearing men. With all hearty congratulations to those who had established the school, with good wishes to the head-master and staff, also to the boys; and with the greatest possible pleasure he declared the New Eng land Proprietary School formally opened. (Cheers.) Archdeacon Boss proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the bishop for his kindness and courtesy in opening the school, and looked forward to it becoming one of the best edu cational establishments in Australia. Dr. Murray presented to the school the mallet used by the Earl of Jersey in laying the foundation or memorial stone of the building, which was received by the chair man on behalf of the institution. The proceedings then terminated by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale pronounc ing the benediction. The visitors then inspected the grounds and buildings, indulged in afternoon tea, and were also entertained by several of the scholars, who gave exhibitions with Indian clubs, etc., while others played in a foot ball match organised for the occasion. 