? S ? ? 'I ho StorvteUer . I '? THE EARTH TREMBLED/' ? [By the) Author of ' From Just to ' Earnest.] : [Continued.] j CHAPTER XVII. I ' FIRESIDE DRAMAS. t ? .''-. ' .-, .'. '-';. ? ?' ? ? ' 5 'Chiefly beoauee he is nuoh an uoacit I enemy,' Bodino replied. ' He make* hard .;. .bargains with oar people when he cm-, | but have jrou. ever j beard ,of hia cheating or ; , doiny 'any thing ubderhand ? I learnod a good ; deal ahoat Lis buHinpgi. character while in \ ' Georgia, and' his coutte to-day corresponded with what I had been told. Moreover, liis feeling* yot tbe better of him, and lie re»eal('(l in one pusiionote sentence that his eldest ion was killed, and, as be sbjb, lies at , tbe hottoin of the harbor here. . 'Ihig fact enabled 'me, to stand ['belter, what I bad vto take IVoin him,' and. in answer to his cousin's questiunn be revealed the substance of tbe ' iutorview. ' I do this,' lie concluded, 'that you and other friends may better understand my, cpnnre. To-morrow Mr Hough ton bo \- comen my employer, aud 1 shall owe a cor lain kind of loyalty. The more mlriom we ninnt ion the naniH thereafter the belter; and ,' - J shall never speak of him except in terms of ? cold reapeot.' . ? I i 'Since voo have told me about Jiis sod,' : aaid Mrs. Bodiiie, ' f won't avail myself. of tbe f prifil«go of freeing my mind to-night, even j if it will be my last chance, t hat is, when yon | are present. After all, - by should 1 berate i himrV lit one aspect be is to uie a sort uf ogre ! * representing ail that is harsh, intolerant and cruel, rejoioiug in his power to drain the lire blood ofa conquered and impoverished people; j yet he roie before me as you spoke as a heart broken father, warped and made unnatnral by ] pain, haunted by the ghost af his son whom i his arinii oaunoi em brace. Sometimes, when j thinking alono, the people of the world aeeiri i like a lot of squabbling ouildreu, with, only } degrees of badness and {roodneas between I them. Children make no allowance* for omeb' *, other. It ie like or dislike, quick .arid matii-' 1/ festeil. lt«is well there if) a Heavenly Father I over all who may lead one and all of us to 1 'make tip ' some day. J tell you what it. is, ! j Hugh, we may all have to shake hands in , Heaven.' I ' Like enough, cousin Sophy. In matters ; pertaining to Heaven you are a better atitlio i rity than I am.' : ' For very good reason. Heaven m nearest ! those who feel ita need most. Yon may think | I am a queer Christian, and I sometimes thiuk so myaeit, — bating some people as near as i dare, aud calling old Houghton a wretch. Bon't I know abonf his heartache ? Who batter than I ? God knows 1 would give his son back to him if I could- God knows I can almost swear at him; He kaaws also that if he were brought into this house wounded I'd anrae biro with ray feeblo baud as f, would yon, .cousin Hugh, but 1 would be apt to nay when . he got well' (and here came in a little chirping laugh), - Good air, 1 have not the slightest objection to yoar going back to Maasaotingetts, bag and baggage.' By tbe way, he has another son who haa nut been much in Charleston — being educated nt the North, they say. He most be a grown man now. I waa told that when here last lie resented tbe fact bitterly that there was tome society in town which he could not enter.' ' I reckon not,' remarked Mrs. Hunter, grimly, and then followed some desultory conversation between the two elder ladies, As was freqoontly his onutom.— in com mon witb men whose past is more than their futore promised to be, — the oaptatn had lapsed into a train of thought which took him jar .away from present surround ings. He was roused by Mm. Hunter's preparations for departure, and looking sud denly «t Mara, saw that her eyes were filled with tears. He was at her sids instantly, and taking her hand, asked gently, ' What trouble* you my child I With bowed head she replied, « 1 under stand you, Captain Bodino ; yunr words have made everything dear to me,' He still held her hand and . thought a moment. ' About Ella's coming to you ?' he asked. 1 Yes, I'm aot one of the Egyptian*, but I'd so est my heart on it.' * Because of yonr need, not Ella's V again tbe captain queried, while his grasp on. her band tightened. 'Oh, Captain Bodina, do you think I could deceive you or a girl lika Ella under any eireunistanoel P If she did not come after to-day I leel that I should give up in despair very soon. 1 do need help, atid just such help to bod; and mind as she can give me.' 1 Forgive me, Mara. The little Rtorj I told about yonr father explains why 1 feared. But we trill nay no more about it. 1 would rather have Ella with you than with any one else in tk» world.' . « There ,' cried that buoyant young woman, 'I knew 1 waa right. Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings you old people are . destined to tarn wisdom.' ?Well,' said Mrs. Bodine, 'I have bad more drama tonight tbau I reckoned on, and I haven't been leading lady either. Will the chief biker escort me to the dining room V -Aftercake and braara the captaiu escorted Mrs. Hunter and Mara home. He detained the latter at the door a moment, and said gently, ' Mara, sbun tbe chief danger of your life. Not or bo tmfoir to yourself. To be continued') - 