NEWS AND NOTES. L ICENSING CourTs.-The annual sit ting of the Licensing Court for the Licensing Districts of Kyneton, Laures ton, Malmsburv, Taradale, Carlrnuhe, Emberton, Tylden, Sunbury, Gisborne, Riddell's Creek, Woodend, Campaspe, and Newham East, will be held at the Court House, Kineton, next Monday, at 10 a.m. A sitting of the Licensing Court for the Licensing Districts of Bacchus M'arsh, Melton, iParwan, Bal lan, South Ballan, and Gordons, will be held at the Court House, Bacchus Marsh, next Thursday, at 10 a.m. QuA.nTERLY SALE.--Iessrs )ixcn and Son, of Gisborne, will hold tlheir quarterly sale at the Royal Hotel Sale Yards to-day at noon. At 3 o'clock a bay mare, foal at foot, and colt 12 months old, and various articles including im ported walnut and oak wagonette, shafts and poles, set of brass mounted, and set of four in hand harness, ploughts, scari fier. roller swings, weighing machine, 1500 feet galvanised iron, etc., etc., will also be sold on account of Mr M D. Synnott, at his residence, Sunbury. S.C.C. CONCERT AND &S;,clvr,.-Tlie forthcoming entcrtainnent in connection with the Sunbury Cricket Club pro mises to be a great success. The per formers will include M1iss Marian Por ritt, Miss Mabel White and Miss tHil, aii renowned vocalists. Messrs II. Alt man and Arthur D)avies will also anp pear. Mr. RI. J. lKno\les, whose humourous renditions have amused Sun bury audiences on previous occasions, has likewise promised his services. Among other attractions a lightning cartoonist is included on the programme. The I whole programme of the concert is under the able direction, of Mr II. F. F. .-. Richardson, who will also play the ac comlpanimrnts. First-class music has been engaged for the social to be held after the concert, and a most enjoyable C evening may be confidently expected. BULLA SnIRE CovUCIL.-The ordi nary monthly meeting of this council will be held next Monday, at the Shire Hall, Bulla. LEFT T?IE DISTr~ cr.--Last Wednes day, Mrs Lock, of .Digger's Rest, left Suti bwury for East New Market whore she has taken the Perseverance Hotel. There are sale yards in connection with tihe hotel. We are informed that. the farm lately lease]. by Mrs Lock has been taken by Mr John Jenkins of Cabbage1 Tree. A SENSATIONAL. EXPERIENCE.-At the Springrale dairy a few days ago two persons had a sensational experience with a snake, it appears Miss Straughen was resting in a room during tile after noon and had left the door open through which a snake entered. It was observed by a neice of Miss Straughen's a little girl about 4 years old, who immediately slammed the dcor and then informed the young lady of the reptile's presence. The two became terrified and nmounted a chair in the room. The noise and bustle evidently tended to excite the animal for it tore round the room at lightning pace trying to find a way of egress. The cries of Miss Straughen brought assist ance, but immediately the door was opened the snake dashed out and was soon olear away. A search was subse quently made which resulted in the reptile being foundl in soiime bushes and dispatched. It is miraculous that in its miad career the snake did not bite either of the persons caged in the room, and Miss Straughen's experience is one that is not likely to be forgotten in a hurry. The Goz'crneo;ntf Gazctte is filed at this office, and may be inspected at any time by our subscri'ers. ANsNuA. LEvI.E.-Miss Saunders, the local postmistCress, recoGi'd three weeks" antnua leave, drin Wfronm yesterday. Miss O'Cnnor will relieve .Miss Saun dei s until the exhpirat ion of that term. EXCELL.ENT I-El'ol'tUCTIoNS. Tihe two opening pages of irie Ausfraltzsian. of this week are occupied by excellent pholtogr'apdhic reprodt:ctions of sonie four teen ladies well known in Melbourne society. In the centie of the group are the Countess of Ilopetoun, Lady Clarke, and Lady Madden. Tihe pic tures were taken from phlotographs by " Vandyke " and Foster and Martin, of Collins- street. FocAGE.--We again draw attention to the anniouncement in our adrertising columns that tenders for the supply of forage to xarious police and other sta tions, from 1st March, 18953 to the 29th February. 1696, will be received by the Governmvent up till 3rd January next. 'The e: timated quarterly consumption for the Sunbury police station is-Oats 8, branu 1, hay 12, and straw 4 cenrtals. Phlie storage capacity is 12, 2, 20, and 3 centals respectively. DEPUTATION.-On Thursday a depu tation was arranged to wait on the Courn missioners to have the express train stopped at Digger's Rest, but as the f'armnrs are busily engaged getting inll their crops the time was thought unsuit able. it was decided to let the lmatter stand in obeyance Iluntil after t!he lBulla Shire Council mleetilng next Monda,. wreni the colllcil wiiiI be asked to assist in gailining the conctessi, n dlesired. Strt W. J. CIr.KniE's PRIlzE.-The decision of the jundges as to the best tenant farms competing inl the Iallarat shire for the prizes oiffered by Sir W. ,1. Clarke has been made puhlic. In award ing the prizes for the best managed fornm the judges deci.led that Messrs Grills and M'Kirrow were on equal terms, :;il thie first and second priz;es wenre therefore divided between these two conm peti tors. BILLIARD TounxAn?ssT.-A handi cap teurlnamenu t is to take place at the Royal Hotel billiard room to-nlighlt. The entries closed last night, -nd nmn bered close on 40. A V.uwrABLE SnIIPestNT.-On Satur day last 2lessrs J. M; Peek and Son shipped by the s.s. Burrumbeet for New castle the stud hull Alphonso 2nd. bred by Mr Henry Beattlc, of (.isborne Park, and sold to Mr A. L:waycock, Putty Creek, N.S.W. Alphonso 2nd is a well grown young bull, taking greatly after his sire Alphonso, imported by Mr Beattie. His dam is Champion Princess 4th, who has twice carried oft' the llamlpion prize at the Rotyal Show in Melbourne. T1cr dam was that grand old paize-taker Chanm pionl Priniess 2nd, perhaps the best Hereford cow ever bred in Australia. Alphonso 2nd was tructked at Sunbury last Friday week and sent to the city the sanie night. I):.trTI .tT TIMF Asur.c?.-Mr Clark son, J. P., conducted an itqniry at the Stuhory Asylun last Saturday into the cause of death of M3ary (;olen, aged I 71 years, a patient ,of the ittitutiotn. t The l,.)st-nmorten exami ationi was made by )r A. \\. *Tohn+tn, 1vl} f unnd e that thle cause o' death rten ited from J U chronic dsl.a., of the brain and chronic v senile gaungrene. l SuxxBr I'onrcie Ccurr.-A.'t the ' Sunbury I'Alicc Cunrt )on Tuesday morning, 1John MI'Le:.an was charged a before M,"r C'ilr:kson. ,J.P., with being d drunk anl !disirlerly on the previous ' night. Th." ,rirsoner, ?,o- appeared of t weak intellect, ;was wandering about Ii drunk on Monday night, looking for a place to sleep, to the annoyance of 'n several persons, when Constable Wilson I arrived on the scene and arrested hiim. The prisoner was discharged. PRESENTATION OP PR1ttzES. - The trophies won at the recent 10-mile road race under the auspices of the Sunbury Bicycle Club were presented to the sue cessful competitors last Tuesday night. In the absence of the president of th,. club, Mr A. F. Boardutan presented the prizes and complim.:nted tlhe winners on their good fortune. Each recipient suitably responded. The following is a C list of the prizes. etc.:-l, T. Fisher, nicely engrave. silver medal presented a by Mr II. Eadie: 2, W. Saunders, I silver cruet presented by M1r J. R. ¬ Anderson : 3. F. Clayton, silver stop s watch, thle gift of Mr J. Gilchrist, sen. I 4, ,Jtn,. Ainder:,, pair cycling shoes, presented by Inspector Anderson, Mr a W. Saunders being absent, his trophy was handed over to the sectretary of the t club, with instructions to forward it to I' Mr Saunders, t SH:? , TSxDaRS.--0Contraotors are t advised by our advertising columns that ' the Iulla Shire Council invite tenders i for :1) cubic yards of maintenance metal 'I at 11olIen, and 10 chains.roadmaking at Tullauarine Island. . Tenders close at c 11 o'clock at the Shire Hall, next Mon- 1 day morning. . HOLIDAy Excuisioxs.-HolidayEx- 1 cursion tickets wilt biTissnidi to aid from iall stations (suburban excepted) from 20th -Iecembr,-: :1894,; tll 3?tlrd .January, 1895 (both 'days iin.elsive, Sundays excepted), available for return for one calendar inonth-fronm date of 1 issue'. Example:---An excursion ticket issued on-, 3rdJanuary will be available till 3rd February. When' the last day. falls on a Sunday tihe. ticket will. be I available till the next day;. and on lines I where there is not a daily. :train service 1 the ticket will be available till: the, ne=t '1 day on which the train runs. The i journey must be commenced on the date l the ticket is issued, but after a distance I of 15 miles has been travelled the iojirney may mayo broken at the discretion. of the passenger. ST.iFF IBALL.-A rumour had got I into circulation that the staff ball; held annually at. tmhe Sunbiury Asylumi, was likely to'.be abandoned this year on ac- I count'of' the depression and. the retrench- 1 ment that the staff h lio been subject to. It will, however, ie eoeivl w ith plea cure that this eentl which I as alays been'looked forwxrd to with deligh,h is to be celebrated on New Near' _.eve,. as usual. The arduous duties of secre tary have beei citriusted to Mr Chas. Molloy, and he has i' capable committee to assist him. SuNDaY Scnoor, Psccxi.-A meet ing of the congregation of the Presby terian Chnrch was held on Tuesday evening, when it was decided that the annual picnic would be held as usual on New Year's day. The site .will be in the "run," on the sjante spot as last year. A CASE or SX.KnERiTg.- Too much care cannot be exercised bl.personis out for a day's sport along the bankls of the creeks. On Wednedtay two yougng men from South M elbourne??, nam J. Staple ton and Svl. Webster, arrived bI the midr day- train for a coupl.e of: dlays':shooting, Iritoing with them a tent and other necessaries for the'iutifig:. Tihey pro- reied to Mr Leyden's liztip rty: and ;tre-ted their tent: alongsidtOt:ifence in 'Is' proximity to the Enmu-Creek M...?r St aleton entered the tentrand proceeded t, clear it ,fi pieces of wocd andsticks :hat w-re lying: on the ground, and whil?. thus enuived a snake, which was con-' ,'ca', aug,,nt the rubbish, bit himnon the Ai t -in.e-r of the right hand. His com;1ui, e,: n ut tIhe piece out and suckod the wound. Two horses were pro cured. from 7:[lr I.eyden, andti the pair rode into Sunburv. Stapleton was attended to by r A.. A. Johnston, and was soon oult of danger. V. H1. A. Grt Ptltcrtce.--The tar get prac:tice t\lch was advertiser d in connectian with the lulupert wtoid Pat tery for last. Saturda ifad to be aban doted on aceouna ,f fIars ein, nen. tained that th, lhug d'y grass- in th!:e line of tire would h? iguft.ld Exvn.-! Tax xs.t-tn ., - and 'ta th December an ex(ra t-ait ava',!,, f'' exeursuon and , ina o l ,R-en"e-s will pl.., stopping at, Xrth , VI in - at all stations ftr" tra brokti o ,(noIt t to Bueni?mo inclusive. FI"am '>t 1 cember till 3rd .Jaurv inclusive ext, trains -ot eet,.lin, the O( inat'v t' ins will run, if roquired, from MrlboI -:. and fronm Bendi o. If t.h aa i' i1t l ;{u 'y et a - ir SUNK PILTXmy -X KAN CE. SOCIETrY. The weekly meeting of the above society was held on Monday evening last, and proved to be a great sieces. The at tendance was splendid. The subject, "The 'Shining Light " wiavs very inter esting to all. Two papers were read by members of the Lighting Committee, which brought out many useful thoughts. The first chapter of St.. John's" Gospel was read, proving that Christ. was the Light of the world. His, life and char acter were touched upon, and the won-: derful influence that was..hed..over those who came to Him, and were bearers of His light. Illustrations' were used as helpful lessons. The sun was spokeiiof' as the giver of light. Its colours were-: made up of three-red, white, and yellow.. In order to have the light of' divine truth in the heart it would be necessary to. irust in a truine God- Fatletr, Son, and HIly Ghost. It was urged upon all that they " let their lightso shine before men that they might see their good ,.irk:s amd be led to glorify their Father ,which is in heaven. The meeting closed with the benediction,: `Next Monday evening the officers for the ensuing termn will be elected. OrTr?-+ny.-Councillor T. Christian, of Upper Macedoni, the well- knowni storekeeper,: =died :on TuNsday mornhji= at IKyneton, where he was removed the previous night for the purpose of under going an operation for cancer on the stomach. Deceased was nearly 70 years of age, and had been a member of the Gisborne Shire Council for the past seven years, THE MNES.—On Monday evening Synnott and party, the applicants for a lease at Red Stone Hill, will hold a meeting in connection with the applica tion. It is reported that Major Hughes: of the V.H.A., has acquired an interest in the mine worked by Giles and corn pany. WANTON DESTRUCTION.—Three mis- chevious lads, old enough to have known better, split one of the ornamental gate posts of Mr Eadie's residence " Dun- blane" last Thursday night with stones. Mounted- Constable Wilson was informed sheeting the crime home. Mr Eadie, of the facts, and was successful in however, of a f consideration to their parents, decided not to prosecute. It is to be hoped the lesson will be a warning to them. CONVALESCENT.—The many friends of Mr Trebilcock will be pleased to learn tlhat that gentleman has so far recovered from his recent illness that he intends to resume his clerical duties at the Wes~ nleyan Church next Sunday week. It will be remembered that at the close of a lecture given by the Rev 31. Dyson i'an. the Wesleyan Church last September, Mr Trebilcock. after having moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, was visited with a sudden attack of paralysis and had to be carried to his residence. The paticnt-has been attended to by Dr A., A. Johnston. Mr Cook, who has won the good wishes of the congregation and made many friends while relieving Mr Trebilcock leaves Sunbury next Mon day. O unisnr s C.aDns.-- "lharge .and varied assortment ,,f 'Xmas and New Year cards are on view at Mr .. Board man's, News Agency, Sunbl)nry. 