? THEfs'Q U ATT E R'S DAUGHTER. T3y 'Harold M. Mackenzie. COPYRIGHT RESERVED. j .. dfiSPTER JWr.«Oo»fison». , 'liiPinountod iliu liox-soab one bright Bering .morning, drawing on iiis dog- sl;ius, apdtook the, loins from the groom, tho fj'cadora, dashed oil' with a merry "who-o- fc-pli" from Firio, nnd niuoh barking from ttho&twof; collio dotre which ' accompanied jthc'trapi sBesido linn sat n small black boy,' p'ornjinuriirod at " Karatoumali," taken fortho.-',puiposo of opening gates and fenaking'hiniBelf generally useful. ; RfiTipoo, such was 'his name, Imd some- |what of a grotesquo appoaranoe, as clad in' a elaret-colored coat with immense j Lilver buttons, and high hat, he oat stolid !as the sphinx beside his master. The road lay through oonio of the pret-' ticst country to lie found in the neighbor hood. JFor miles a lagoon, calm and clear 'as a mirror, fringod to tho wator's edge with (thick-1 '.ogetr.tion; where wild-duel: and .water-fowl remained undisturbed, bor dered one sido of it; oil tho other (stretched away for miles tho now luxuri- .'ant paddocks of Ivavatoomah, encircled by,thick belts of ouculypti. Beyond this 'again and aoina lii'teon miles lay 'i'imboora, la plnce, tho render has previously made larr.uaintanco with. sp'Nover was Erie in such good spiriis as Ihn iliis bright and health-giving morning, jiio restrained a too willing leader or touched up a sluggish polor, which wore It3king him to Timboorn, for the purpose joijoining in some festivities provided by hhomnnager. (f. Sinco Muriel's departure many months ;ngu, lio had never set foot in tho house. Duncan Grey ha A . thon appointed tho present locum tcnens, a jovial open- hearted, bachelor of soroo forty years of age to act a3 manager. > As ho turned iiis team into tho Inst paddock which soparatod hitn from the home-station, tho house wherein ho had passed eo many pleasant hours burst into view. Never did it loo!; hotter. The garden, one mas3 of flowering plants, 'casting far and wide its rich scents, the I tennis-court was a porfect sward of vol- vet' on which a sot of players were ccn- ftostingfor victory, and above all came the (laughter of girlish voices, which Eric loved to hear. ; As. tho panting team halted in front of tlioihouso nud Ronald Gregory issued forth'! to bid him welcome, Eric felt, de- Bpite'hia former gnioty, a slight misgiving of the heart. Ho saw bei'oro liiin tlio' garden wherein ho had pledged his love, tho house now tenanted with gay and .uheorful voices, but amongst them none 'liko Muriel's, so low and musical in sound. It- "Glad to see yon, Rvmnnscoiirt," said jtho cheery voice of llonuld ; " come in .and have a 'nip' after your drivo," with, (which refreshing greeting tho two Gauntored into tho dining-room to partake 'of spirits and water, during tho con-' (nuniptiou of which they talked of manyj JfchingB ; what number of bales thcro was' likoly -to ho at tho end of shearing, tho, prospect of the welcome rains continuing, and all those questions which aro bo dear 'to tho squattor's hoart. Thon they came to questions of a social character, . "And so, my boy, you kept it dark as long as you could," said Ronald, cheer fully poking Eric in tho ribs, 44 but bless you, .wo know all about it long before you tblduB." i Their conversation was hero interrupted jby.the;prasenco of two young ladies ano; Itheir.cavaliors, who had just completed a-, .Bet at tennis and wore now discussing the Wights of victory. ' Eric, rising, was introduced by Mr : .Grogoryto Miss Elwood and Miss .Sca- 'coinbe, , who, Undor tho caro of tho former's mother, were now slaying at .Tiinboora. ., As the company sat down to dinner that evening, comprising some thirty guests in. number, drawn together from all parts of |tho district. Erie's nlloted partner dur ing the ropaat was the latter of these two. young persons. / | Mary Seacombe, ns oho sat under tho .shade of tho rose-colored lamps, lending liter complexion quite a beautiful tint, but which, when seen under tho full glare of' (daylight, was not quite bo faultless, plied' lEric with nil manner of questions as to. Ihis movements. pvShe wns knowr. to pooplo in general ns .tho husband-hunter, and scarcely could a imoro applicable name have been given to liter. Her age was somewhere between Itwe'nty and twenty- five, but this, she (kept a profound secret, and to givo her (her due, thanks to the aid of pearl powder and bloom of roses, she did not look much more than eighteen. She delighted in 'eccentric costumes which 6he beliovoc .exorcised a captivating influence over tho 'masculine mind, and was known on oc casions after a day with tho hounds to have drunk soda and brandy and smoked cigarettes. Sha flattered herself that at . billiards, or turning a team of four horseB in their own length, slio was as good, if not better, than the average man. Her conversation was generally of the raciest order whioli allured one kind of man and repelled another, k It htay be said, however, that in cxcuso Ifor some of Miss Seacombe's idiosyncrasies Ithnt they wore duo more to ignorance than from a sense of impropriety. Her .mother had died at an early ago, leaving 'her in tho caro of a father who in tho exorcise . of paternal advice was very . IremisB, allowing hor to have quite her own way, so long as lie was not interfered with. Ho was dotingly foud of his daughter, and 011 this account was very blind to those faults which to tho casual observer were so clearly palpable. ' "I've a tip-top fencer now, Mr,; Ttymansoourt," alio began, lis sipping her champagne she turned her lustrous eyos on Erie, " and am thinking of entering (hint for the 'Squatters' Oup' next year." ; u Indeed. Miss Seacombe — and where (did you pick him up, and may I ask where lyou intend training him ?" r" Ah, 1m 1 now Mr. Ryrnauscourt, that would indeed be telling Beorots" — .which' remark, with » roguish twinkle in her eyes which she know so' well how to assume, quite amused Erio. "You'll 6oe him all in good time, and, I'll take long odds iti fivors that he gets a place in any case." Miss Seacombe here pe&ked; at the meringuo whioh she had on her plato, mare to pass the time than bo- cause she really folt any- inclination for eating.--. v Y" " So let it be," replied Eric, '.' nothing would please mo more, tlian to teo your- horse win." ' .. i'liyTho dinner having'drawn to a close, tho Iddios sought the drawing-room. Ronald Gregory was a man who knew how to eqtertain well. Being, ashvo have said, a bachelor of the gay order, lie dolighted to surround himself with such ' yptmg folk as he had now asked to Tim- ubpora. , . ' " Help yourself to the claret and pass , jjfcolong," ho exclaimed every now' and "might have allowed his "glass to "remain empty too long. . Eyiq, now. that tho running fire of con versation which his lato companion so .earnestly kopt up had subsidotl, loaned back lazily in that self-Contented, statu which oomc3toaperfoctlyliealtliyinan after' dining. # $>j- Opposite him. aat a son ofoneT'of the; wealthiest men tin 'Rivorina, a 'young1! follow whom it was supposed that any girl might 'hare accepted had sho had 'the I oliauco. Born in .Victoria, -lie had been', sent to England .to' pnss a few., years at Cambridge and on tho continent, arid had) returned what might bo termed a polished young man. _ Ilia name waB Dairy ">ple, ' and at one timo itowas thought'thnt his- attentions to Muriel Grey vvero not,, to', prove fruitless. Tho public, , however,' wore wrong, _ - for Muriel, ' although' appreciating his many courtesies, -could' never bring hersolf to caro forriiim'ahy ' inoro than as a friend. ;. .' As Dalrymplo up to tho present 'time had not had a chance of speaking to Eric, he wished,, despite the fact that the latter had vvlinb is generally torjped " out' him out," to show that as far as he was concerned, not tho slightest feeling of ill- j will existed. Dalrymplo'a manly nature and good-' training had taught him to dcBpiBo'all!' such mean sentimentB as jealousy, in. viewing the position of his moro fortunate' rival, though not long since lie would: have cut off his right hand had Muriel' bid him do so. 1 All was over now, however, and there, was lio use in regretting what might liavo' been. Tossing his cigar-caso ovor to Erio ho offered him ono and proposed a stroll outside ; the two then wandered on to ! the tennis ground. Tho heat of tho day had given place to. a calm, cool aud starlight night, as they4, took thoir seat away from the sound of mirthful voices which issued from the; open casoments. , j Dalrymple's first words to Erio, as he puffed the rico-paper and tobacco, came', naturally and without any tone .of insin-j' cerity in them. "My heartiest con gratulations and good wishos, Ryrnaus court, and believe me, that although I' would have given all I possessed to be in your placo, 1 know that you have won the lovo and respect of Bliss Grey, wliero I have failed. Though rivals wo may have been, I trust that whatever little differences wo may have had will be sunk in the past. Your hand, i.yniauscourt, as a proof that I mean it." The words uttered with such genuine feeling touched Eric, and a3 he proffored his honcsthandin response to Dalrymple's, the lattcr's clmractor rose an hundred fold in his estimation. . After this the two welded togother in something more than a mere acquaintance- ship, had many things in common, and for a quarter of an hour gave rein to thoughts of a varied character. When tlioy entered the house and sought the drawing-robin where tho vompany were assembled listening more, out of courtesy than, in admiration to tho metallic tones of Miss Seacomko's voice struggling through "Vow i vcr," oacli took n seat quiotly, thinking to himself that whatever else Miss Seacombe might do, singing was not her strong point. Lator on, - liowover, when sho was asked to lake a cuo at pool, she proved hersolf to have a remarkably straight eyo as taking their " lives" "ns woll as their, shillings, for wlint woman is not a gambler at hoart, she won tho admiration of all present. As tho men sought the smoking-room to have a final whilf boforo retiring to rest, Miss Soacombc's prowess ns a billiard plnycr had become ronownod. "Yes, and Egad," said a rubicund- faced old bacholor, " what a figuro, and what arms — if I were twenty years younger " 'l'lie remainder of this eulogy on the somewhat questionable beauty of Miss Sencombu was mot with peals of laughter from the rest of the company who Ikiltorcd the speaker by telling him that hiauhuiicu was as good ns evor. When Erie laid his head on tho pillow that night, tho thoughts of the next day's doings kopt him nwako for a tirno. Erie had entered himself aud his horse for tho ' Squatters' Cup," a race of three miles over some of the stiflost fences Hint the heart of nny sportsman could wish for. His final orders to Tipuo wero to call him at seven in tho morning, from iwhich time thovo remained but scarce six 'hours. i With all the coming oxcitement of tlie morrow Erio was soon whipped in sleep, idrqaniing of grout yawning crccasm over, (ivhioh ho and his trusty hunter wero (flying with the utmost unconcern- 1 ' CHAPTER V. THE SQUATTERS' CUP. The day of tho Fiubonrne race mooting wasusliuroA in with all the appearance of wet weuthor, but after a slight shower or two which was just onougli to lay tho dust, the sun whicfi'hud been hiding bo- hind a thick bank of olouds issued forth, making nil bright again. Evoryoue was up betimes j sumo wore to ride to the eourBQ and others drive. Amongst those who rode were youug Dulrymple and Miss Seacombe, the lattor attired iu a dark green habit, than which, per haps, nothing could have suited hor better. Eric, of courso, was to drive his team, and great was the anguish amongst tho remaining ladies when they saw Ida Fordyce assisted on to the box- seat. These littlo attentions, which, perhaps, may seem nothing, are not thought lightly of amongst singlo girls who fanoy them selves slighted when perhaps, as often happens, a married woman usuiqis what they regard as their right. In this ease, howovor, Erio did nob wish to give of fence. He folt himself priviloged, being an ougaged man, to oIioobo whonmovor he pleased, and with that in view chose the best looking to ornament the front scat of his drag. It could not be denied' either that Mrs. .Fordyce was very ! sweet to look upon. She had when analysed no. very groat re deeming features in her fnco, yot withal, there wnoan indescribablebuauty of expres sion which lent a charm to her eyoB, and a mouth just a thought too large, per haps.- ... The recent, showers, had drawn a sweet smelling fragrnnco from the 'pino and eucalypti ireos whioh lined tho track that ' led to the course over whioh the. drag and four bowled. Rabbits, these peata of tho squatter, aeuddod aoroBs tho road in. hundreds, as the noise of apprqaohing hoofs startled thoin from their ambush. - Cockatoos, magpies, and tho irrepressible jackass with its mooking laugh greeted. the. party from tlio neighboring clamps of wattle and gum. . The morning .was just such , a one as makes the hoart of raari rejoioe, and now that the littlo Fordyce episode had been forgotten, tho party under Eric'e ohargo was laughing and talking mprrily. "I must really lay. claim to rauoh honor., in. being favorod with this seat when so many girls are prosont," ox- clnimod Mrs. Fordyce, sa her most win- $T" You F miist" not forget,"' however," answered Eric, " that you aro tho right -person in the right pluco, seeing that you aro acting tho part of cha- porono." At this apocch an amused littlo smile played round the corners of her mouth, knotting that if that term could bo ap plied to hpr in theory, practically hor chuperonoge was a farce. II' "Talking of ehapoi:on8,.5Ir. Rymans- court," alio continued, "do you behove- ,tho company would behavo themselves any the less wero I not present. Is it nut iirtheso days, when gins aro allowed so much indopondencc, just a triflo absurd?. ;We have not tlio oyos of Argus to watch' tliom everywhere." I 'v "Well, really- now,, you como to put it in that way," touching up tho near sido ilondor, " it does striko mo as being Biich,.' more especially when the chaporono iu question recoivoa as much, if not moro 'attention, than those undor her! 1 chargo." :| At this remark the large black sunshado 1 of Mrs. Fordyco was gently lowered in order to conceal from Erie tlio mischievous amile on hor face. ; "Very neatly put, Mr. Rymaus-' 'court, it wouldn't do to say that such a speech coming from an ougaged man is' out of place. You are a priviloged boing, and oxercioo that right to perfection.; wore you otherwise I should order you to turn' the horses' hoatls." Eric know just how much of.this last,' apparently withoring rotort, to fccliovo.; Hers wns the kind of disposition that hoi fancied lie could fathom so easily. To: put her out of tempor was impossible, so' whntovor else people might hare saidi about tho pretty Mrs. Fordyco, this' at" leaBt, could not bo laid to hor charge. " Her husband who was sonte'd at the' back of tho volficlo, poring ovor a race card, was in her eyes of as littlo import-j lines as tlio loaves which strewed tho! track ahead of thom. Sho had made a: bad marriage, and moro sonciblo than: most of hor sox, wns aware of it. But' never did sho by a ghost of a chance ap pear so before the world as anything but , tha hapDicat of mortals. Shu looked i upon alt display ot tempor, when hor hus band did somuthing to exasperate hor, as .the worat of form, only suitable as she would say, for cooks and servant girls. Scenes of all descriptions wore her positive aversion, and she avoided them. 'She wns without children, and rather congratulated herself upon tho fact, be lieving as she did that if there had been any they would most cortoinly havo taken - after thoir father. Whatever faults Mrs. Fordyce now possessed wero due to tho result of this unhappy alliance. Her marriage, liko many another, had started under the must favorable auspices, only ,to grow as time wore on. utterly intolor-; able. That trust which sho hod so im-': plicitly p'lucod in her husband had been' ruthlessly betrayed. All her proud nature revolted at the treatment she had received from liar partner, nnd unablo to ehow proof of liia basement, wns content to suffer in silcnco. " Wlint about your ohnnce of winning to-day, Mr. Ryinanacourt?" alio exclaimed, as scnrcoly moro than two or threo miles separated tliein from the course. "Ah, that is more than I can say, but if training can do anything and "Tear-! away" doesn't show1 temper at tho post' I'll be bound to say we'll make a good raco of it." " Why aro nil those oxciting pleasures reserved for men," continued Mre. For dyco, "whilst we poor mortals itching for something of the bind can only luolc on. It makes mo far moro nervous to watch a steeplechase than if I really rodo in it." " Como, now, Mrs. Fordyco, plucky as you are, no one would cure to boo' you risking your lifo in that fashion. Imagine your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch oil struggling hoofs. It makes one shudder to think of if." Mrs. Fordyco had novnr regarded tho situation from tliiu point of view. "Wuii, i can assure you there will bo no ploasuro for mo to-a«y until the Gup is over. My heart will be in my mouth at every jump your horse comes to." N This last was said with almost a pathetic tone in hor voice, to which Eric, nut un- iiattered by tho remark, replied : . "Nonsense, it will be the moBt glorious fun out, and remember from your hands ami no other will I take the ribbon of honor if my horao wins." Mrs. Fordyco would havo wished for nothing better tlum" to have boon able ; to crown Eric Ilymaiiscourt with vie- I tory's reward. j In many ways and by casual littlo I speeches lot drop, she had shown her ( curds to this astute young man, who now ( 'rattled on to tho course in the midst of a ' varied assortment of pooplo who lmd ' flocked to the Finbournc mooting. In front of what was generally known as the "Grand-stand" she "Ea'ratoo- inali drag and its liviug froight cuine to a halt. Had the day been runde to order, notts better could havo been provided. ' The course was alive with life. Bookmakers, loud-tongued, and nr- rayed in garments of wonderful and four- ful make, shouted tho odds in one's care. Grotesquo negro minstrels wandered about from carriage to- carriage, 'going thfough tlio usual buffoonory. Aunt Sallies, three-card triok men, thimble- riggers, nud the thousand and ono honent and dishonest distrnctioriB of a ruce- eourso wore here in abuudance. , Within' the- saddling pnddock, whore Erio, accompanied by Ronald Gregory and others of tho party were, walked the horses,' swathed from head to foot iu warm rugs. Jockeys nud trainers stood about in knots hare and there, deep in consultation as to the likelihood of tho patient training bestowed bu their ro- speotivo horses at llengih resulting in success.- I Around a dark irqn-gfoy hunter, clad from head to foot hi a thick navy blue rug ifrith' tho initials " E.It." worked in tho oorners, stood -Erie, Dalrymplo and others. " Strip him," said tho former to the stable-boy, ivhoso arms were nearly pulled out of their sockots from th9 con stant habit which Tearaway had of throwing liis head np. Presently . was. revealed to their gaze the satin-like coat of tlio grey, whose veins, standing out liko thick cords, and bold eyes,1 olosr as crystal, denoted this picture of equine grace and strength to bo in tlio piuk of condition. "What do you think of him?" en- quired Erio of Ronald. "Couldn't bo hotter," remarkod tho latter, whose judgment in matters »f horso-tlosli was muoli respected. " How about that off fore-leg, looks to mo a triflo puffy. Has lie lmd bandages' on ?". enquired tho manager of Timbo»re- walking up to examine the limb more closely. . "Yoii'vo a sharp eye indeed. Mr. Gregory,", auswored Erio. . " That 1b the only queer-looking point about htm : there is nothing really wrong, however I've hunted him tivico a fortnight regu larly with the Melbourno hounds without ' Iiis showing th". slightest sign of weak- i noes.". 