WILLOUGHBY. Candidature of Mr. Frank Coffee- The Largest Meeting: at Hornsby— A .Good Reception— Unanimous. Vote of Confidence— Mr. Coffee's; Claims for Support. . Mr. Prank Coffee, protectionist candi date for \V iilonghby, addressed the -electors at Hornsby Junction last night, ' The meet ing, which was. held at the School of Arts, accorded the candidate a good recoption, and a vote of confidence and was much larger than any previous local assemblage. Mr. Hjjnry Edward Jordan; who 'pro- sided, said Mr. Coffee would .address : the largest and certainly the most representa tive meeting ever held -at Hornsby. (Ap- planso.) The candidate, in coming before them, claimed a certain amount of privi lege, us he was a local man, was ' a largo employer of labor, and his interests, were identical with theirs. (Applause.) . ' Mr. Coffee, who was. very woll received on rising to speak, stated he was. highly fluttered by. the reception they had given him at his debut in' tbe political arena. His works must be his best recommenda tion. Ho bad lived 12 years amongst them, and every interest he had was identical with theirs. He had been induced to enter the contest for the Beat as he taw it was being made a pocket borough by eight or ten candidates who had no interest in the electorate. It had', been bis . very good fortune to cast his ..barque on tho political waters at an eventful geriod in the history of the colqny. le was one in the ranks of Australian workers and a self-made man, and he entered the political contests when thoy had man hood suffrage, but ho did not think that would cure many of the Acts of the Legis lative Assembly. Ho was an advocate for the Legislative Council being elected by the Assembly or the people— which should choose the members was a matter for after consideration. (Hear, hear.) The Upper Chamber had certainly thrown out some important measures. Some of tho members only attended at the Chamber when certain measures were being discussed, and he read lately of members who attended only once in 12 months. He referred to tho manner in which members of the Council opposed tho Mining on Private Property Bill. He was the member of a syndicate which was prepared to spend a good deal of money in working tin in the New England district. (Applauso.) He was a united Australian before everything else. They wanted a united Australia against the outside world to enable them to develop their own resources. He had lived in two countries, Canada und the United States, uuder federation. Ho had travelled a great deal all over the world and ho found that the rivalry between a Melbourne and a Sydney man was worse than that between a French man and a Gorman. Federation wculd give thprn greater borrowing power in the European markets. At prpBent marriage with a deceased wife's sister was logal in this colony, but in other colonies it was not. That was u bit awkward. (Laughter.) Ho Would like to have their Governor appointed here, and he should be a local man. He de- sited that Sydney should be the capital of United Australia. Ponding froe-trada among tho colonies, and in order to orect factories and staam stacks, bo would go in for protec tion fn Now South Wales, (Applauso.) They nil ltuow he was interested in the fruit business. It was a bobby of his when he entered into it. He found for tho 13 years ending in 1888 or 1889 that in every year £381,000 worth of fruit was imported hero. During those years thoy could have given employment to 33,000 persons at £2 a wook. The fruitgrowers had not receivod any encouragement. A Voice : By ghost, I think they have had a good deal of protection during the past two years. Mr, Coffee : It was- not protection. The glut on the markets hero was caused by over-production. Victoria gave £100 for the first 20 tons of fruit preserved and canned and £3 for each additional ton. That was the encouragement Victoria gavo to her fruit-growers. Ho would tax tho land but not the tillers. Tho small growors were the backbone of tho country. A great many of their people were farmors, and to tax' them would be taxing industry. No man was more opposed to large estates than he. He was in favor of extensive areas like those held by tho A. A. and Peel River Companies and others being resur- veyed. , Once every year there was a tom- post in a teapot in Parliament over theso large estates, but it always managed to fizzle out. (Hear, hear.) The question of bow to gee at absentees troubled many pooplo. Ho proposed to reach them by nu incomo tax which he wculd make progressive Thoy never had iroe-trade in this country. There were 30,000 children leaving their schools every year. Now they all knew the adage, "The devil finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." In other words that meant idleness. The qnestion was what were they going to do with their boys? They could not all be civil servants. (Hear, hear.). They wanted a diversity of labor. Take the fruitgrowers for instance. All their sons could not be growers of fruit or artieuDS, as everybody was not fitted for thoso occupations. The exports of Victoria and .South Aus tralia fell off when the 10 and 15 per cent, duty was put on here. (Applause.) That duty gave a Blight impetus to trade in this colony. An interchange of commodities would go farther to make this country self- dependent than anything else. If they had o local market at this place (Hornsby), which was suitable for ear and engine houses, tho residents who could cot eood homes would eonsumo the fruit, the produce und everything else gruwn by tho husband men. (Applause.) He was an importer, a manufacturer and producer, as they ail knew, within two miles of that hall. Freo- trade throughout the world could bo very ensily uuderstood by the importers. There was no man but who should bo in favor of the betterment principle. He practised what ho preached, When they wanted a platform in this district they put their hands in their pockets. Limited companies coming here to do business should make a deposit which should bo approved of. A man now could como here, put up a eign, do fire and life insurance business, and thenekip by the light of the moon. (Applauso and laughter.) Thoy could not stop him. He would certainly cut short the payment of pensions. Any man who got a pension should not spend it. in any other country than this. He believed in payment of mcmbere according to attcndancos. There fore if ho was a member and wanted a day off be could take it with tho self-assurance that he was not abusing his trust. He did not propose to cure everything, and was not a quack medicine man, but he would not go iuto tho House to air his eloquence. He was very strongly in favor of a bridgo across the harbor to North Shore. Tuoy would all remember that in the old days of tho ferry thoy had ' tho last man on had to pull up tho tailboard! (Laughter,) The strongest claim he had on thCm for their support was the fact that he was a local man, and lived there forjl2yoars, had raised a family and spent £25,000 in the electorate. He was a largo employer of labor, and no man ever bad to go to hiin a second time for bis money. He quotod the words of Sir Henry Parkeg at a meeting at Balinain-— they would excuse his modesty— that they should vote for men who 'had proved themselves genuine citizens, men whom they had never found false, whose word was their bond. He thanked them most cordially for tho very attentive hoar- ing they had given him. (Loud applause,) In answer to questions Mr. Coffee said he would favor a bonus boing given for planting certain varieties of fruit trees. Men who worked over eight hours a day should be paid overtime. ' A Voice: Are you iu favor of paymcntof members V (Laughter.) The Chairman said tho person who had asked that question had evidently been " doing a nap" when Mr. Coffee was speak ing. (Langhter.) 'JUr. Coffer : He thought the laborer was worthy of his hire. They would find that all over the world,. They would get better results by paying their members. (Ap plause.) . On the ; motion of Mr. T. Bradley, seconded by Mr, Thomas Salmon, a vote of confidence was unanimously accorded Sir. Coffee, who acknowledged the complimeut and moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Jordan for the manner in which he carried out the chairman's duties. Cheers wore given for the Queen, and the gathering then dis persed. On Friday next Mr. Coffee will speak at Central Township.- 