TALES AND SKETCHES. THE EBB TIDE. Br ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AND LLOYD OsBOURNE. . Aniions or "The -Wreckers," Tiie Wronq Box,"ia part i. Chapter v.— Continued. ,?m(Ltlmo tho voyage went ollior- wue well, ihey weathered Fukarav with ond board, siid the wind holding well to tho south- fres,b' tbey PBBaed between Kauaka anil lvatiu, nnd ran some days north- ItitL'1! lmlf,,l;ast> under tho ieo of Xakurae Z Ti 1, '?r ot wl"h 'hoy made. In tf i rUi .'U Uvoc" 134 and 135 we8'. , ?,m< w,tl1 rather a heavy sen. Tho u&m; .r?!,0'"1'0 iu ,aiij the heim wkb ! relivd ami ? ?"? and 4h® Farallono reuvd .hanged for tlireo dnys aooording fourth8, 'n81 " m al,,'!03t 41,0 nnmo place. Tho sm.nn .'-i little beforo day, a broozc lud rapidly freshened. Tho captain DiBbt b,eforV b0 was far en the deck fn, !i? " «s rf>u?-e ' and "hen ho oamo cliiuimi V , P firat tlm®> at 8.30, ft was £? tef'r!'kdeepnBainat br deck Wi Ili lmn„"?'led.1,u ®yo' and "signed the I "Move, SUi it0 a,nan mot® tban half I »'lftrainuf„i l0Ur1,0Mmman,,a of th« oaPta'n I "«liliuil»o Lnm » I V1, at tba "P", he I n»dcd on tho Miii"8 ii"36 .ba4 8ail waa heing I "IraWvakf't lft,110 "'ininislied his half I "e main and ih V" ®n dook again, to find I "J tho cook tiroo?8 a 8,e4'and ho"1 watches I Fatallono L„i 1 hand 'he staysail. I tlnili J'tyZ' aad from'wS I U3riUBup' br<wd<m' I death bardhl „ " ?/etrlok'8 vitals. Hs saw I lf 'he Faraliono i- ,?t!\aatb' Burfl ruiu- For I fjMI, she mnsTau ' t ? tbro"Bh 4h® ining I ''wteriwiao w.r.v dls,ma"t<ld With that I "Ives bound mil!.. ?n cl, ' and 'hoy thorn- 'heir crime, ti?."0" , tbo vory cvidonce of I sufficed' \T» if""' c,f.tl10 P®"1 otld his I nJ?he raged l ths' ?nr Vrid®. wrath, I ke'hnt his teeth nnlriifi0. 10 1,18 mind> »»d I , 01PWu sa t in if, v. i !a ®loa®' ' 1 5"mg ordeia and i„ i. i4. to w'ndward, bol. I '« deeply con "es terli 1,' m" ycs,g'«"<I. his K 6 glass in hi. i ' , i He aet hotweon hlB I 5 10 « V i a "!11 h#K 0mpty- Hia b"k SJ!" "''ing of tho ?nllWaa'narfcu firat in'»n' I fc "t 'hs great trim. W lon 'h»t was I Pft draw sSf tn -i 15® o£ oanTaa had I lovol with iL r tb? 100 "it of -the I Sylh, dra isd hiITOT' ha '""Shed out on I J "8 the lumboe b, (i 1 8 n,8> sprawlod back l C|flcil,10Vcl' ' fo'ohod out I ted hoHo > ??d his indignation I »liealUail alteady wl iimf r tonwindward, whore & /b,raldcd ita ooi' "la "ear soa and inj' jr. With A lingular and IMS H® ww th« 04 witU £a0« tiif lotjs with nu p , cr®w were. running ijuj _ Wflthlng broko in i . f13, d it seemed |5it 'f®'' >e loiig naMhaiMi 5ncl 'ho paa- B Wuh? 'uddoiilv til ' 80 '?ng «aten in B "PUlti ? I niaih Ho «i ' ' and d'lid and IaVaa',,in a vol0fl 1 a,;? 'o-rtnlbranain in tb0 going to Ioso tho Farallono. You'ro going to drown hero the same way as you drowned others, and be damned. And your daughter shall walk the streets, and your sons bo thieves liko thoir father 1" For tho moment, tho words struok the oantain whito ond foolish. " My God 1" ho cried, look- at Herrlck as upon o ghost. "My God, Hsmok I" ' . " Look behind you, thonl" reiterated the assailant. - Thewrotohcdman, alroadypartly sobered, dldas bo was told, and In tho same breath of time leaped "his foot "Down staysail I" he trumpeted. The hands wero thrilling for tho order, and tho groat sail came with a run, and felt half over board among tho rating foam. "Jib topsail halyards J Lot tho etays'l be,'' ho said again. . But boforo it was well uttered, tho squall shouted alond and foil in a solid masB of wind nnd roin commingled on tho Farallono; and she stooped under tho blow, and lay like a thing dead. From tho mind of Herriok reason fled ; ho olung in tho weather rigging, exulting: ho was done with lifo, and ho gloried in tho roleaso ; he gloried iri tho wild noisos of the wind and tho ohoking onslaught of the rain ; ho gloried to dio so, and now, amid this coil of the oloments, And meanwhile, in the waist up to his , knees in water — so low tho sohooncrlay— the oaptain was hooking at the forosheot with a pooket. knife. It was a question, of seconds, for tho Farallono drank deep of tho encroaohing seas. But the hand of tho oaptain had the advanco ; tho foresail boom toro apart the last Btrands of tho sheot and crashed to leeward ; the Farallono looped up into the wipd ond rigiited ; and tho peak ond throat halyards! whioli had long boon lot go, began to run at tho same instant. . For some lO minuteB sho careered under the impulse of tho squall ; bat tho oaptain was now mastor of himself and' of his Bhip, and all danger wasatanend. -And then, suddenasatrlokohango upon tho stage, the squall blew by, the wind dropped into light airs, tho sun beamed forth again upon tbo tattored schooner, and the cap tain, hnviug scoured tho foresail boom nnd set a couple of hands to the pump, walked aft, sober, a little palo, and with the sodden end of a oigar still stuok between his tooth, oven ns the squall had found it, Herriok followed him; ha could scaroo recall the violenoe of . hie late emo tions, hut he felt thoro was a soeno to go through, and lie was anxious and oven cngor to go through with it. Tho oaptain, turning at tho housoend, mot him faoo to face, ond averted Ills oyos. "We've lost tho two tops'ls and tho stays'l," ho gabbled. " Good business -wo didn't loso any sticks.' I guoss you think we'ro all tho better without the kites. "That's not what I'm thinking," said Herriok, in a voice strangely quiet, that yet cohoed con fusion in the captain's mind. " I know that'" he cried, holding up his hand. "I know what you're thinking. No use to say it now. I'msobcr." "I liavo to say it, though," rsturncd Herriok. . "Hold on, Herriok ; you've said enough," said Davis. "You've said what I would take from no man breathing but yourself; only I know it's true." "I' have to tell you, Captain Davie," pur sued Hcrrick, "that I resign my position as mate. You can nut me in irons or shoot me, as you please, I will make no reaistauoc, only ! daolino in any way to help or oboy you ; and I Buggcst yott should put Mr. Huish in my place. He will make a worthy firat officer to your oap tain sir." He emiled, bowed and turned to walk forward. " Whore are yon going, Herriok ?" oried the oaptain, dotaining him by tho shoulder. "To berth forward with the men, sir," re plied, Herriok, with the samo hateful smile. " I've been long enough aft hore with you— gentlemen," "You'ro wrong there," said Davis. "Don't you he too quick with mo. Thoro ain't nothing wroug bat tho drink, It's the old story, man. Lot mo got Hobor once, nnd then you'll see," he pleaded. . "Excuse me, I desire to soe no more of you," said Herriok. Tho captain groauod alond. "You know what you said about my ohildren," ho broke but. " By rota. In esse you wish mo to say it you again ?" nsked Herriok. " Don't !" oried the captain, dapping his hands to his ears. "Don't niako me kill a man I care for. Herriok, if you see me put a glass to my lips again till we're nshoro I givo you leavo to put a bullet through me. I beg you to it ! You're tho only tnan aboard whose onrcaso is worth saving. Do you think I don't know tlmt? Do you think I ever went back on you? I always know yoii wero in tho right of it; drank or sober, I know tlint. What do yon want ? An oath ? Man, y on'ro olever enough to seo that this is sure enough earnest." "Do you moan thoro shall bo no more drink ing?" asked Herriok, "neither by you nor Huish ? that yon won't go on stoallngmy profits and drinklug my ohampagne that I gave, uiy honor for ? and that you'll attond .to your duties and stand watoh and watoh, nnd bear your propor gharo of the ship's work, instead of leaving it all on the shoulders of a landsman, and making yourself tho butt and booII of native seamen? Is that what you mean ? If it is, be so good as to soy it categorically. " "You put these things in a way hard for a gentleman to swallow," said the oaptain. 11 You wouldn't have mo say I was asharaodof myself? Trust mo this once. I'll do the square tiling, ahd'thoro's my hand on it." " Well, I'll try it onoo," said Herriok. " Fail mo again ." ' ; "No mora, now," intorrnptcd Davis. "No more, old man ! Enough said. You'vo a riling tongue whon your back's up, Herriok. J ust he glad wo'ro friends again, the same as what'I'aml and go" tondor on tho raws, I'll seo as you don't repent it. We've beon mighty nbnr death this day— don't say whoso fault it was— pretty nearly holl, too, I guoss. Wo'ro in a mighty bad lino of lifo us two, and ought to go easy with each other." , He was maundering. Yet it secmod as if lie wero maundering with soma dosign, beating about the bush of somo communication that ho feared to make, or perhaps, only talking against time in .terror of -what Herriok might soy -next. But Horiiok had now spat his vonom ; his was a kindly naturo, ond content with hie triumph, he now begun to pity. With a few soothing words he sought to oonoludo tbo interviow, and proposed that they should ohango their olotbos.; . .. "Not right yet," said Davis," '.'There's another thing I want to tell you, first. You know what you said about my olilldron ? , I want to .tell yon. why it hit me so bard;.. I kind of .think you'll f eel.bad about it, ; too It's about my little Ada — you hadn't ought to havequlto said that,' but, of oourso, .1. know you . didn t know, ; sho— slie's dead, you seo ' , , , . " Why,;Dayis 1" oried Horriolc. "Yon'vo told mo a dozen times she . was 'alive. Clear your head, man. This must b'o. tho drink.'' . " No, sir," said Davis. " She 8 dead, ' right enough. ( Died of a - bowel complaint.' --That was when' I was away in tho brig Oregon. She lies in Portland, Maine. ' Adar, only daughter of Captain JohnDavis and Mariar, his wife; aged .five.'. I had a doll for her on board. I' never took tiie paper off'u that doll, Herriok,.' it-wont I down tho way it was with tho Sea Ranger, that day I was damned." The captain's oyos were fixed on tho horizon ; ho talked with an extraordinary softness but a complete oompoaure, and Herriok looked upon him with something that waa almost terror. 'Don't think I'm orazy, neither," resumed Davis. " I've all tho oold senso that I know what to do with. But I guess a man that's ""happy s liko a child ; and this is a kind of a child s gaino of inino. I nevor could not up to the plainout truth, you see ; so I pretend. And I warn you square ; as soon as we're through with this talk, I'll start iii again with tho pro tending. Only, you soe, Bho can't walk no streets," added the captain ; " couldn't even make out to llvo nnd, get that doll !" Herriok laid a tremulous hand upon the cap tain s ehoulder. " Don't do that 1" oriod Davis, recoiling from tho touch, _ "Oan'tyousoe I'm all brokon up tiie way it is ? Come along, thon ; como along, old man, You can put your trust in mo right through. Como along nnd get dry clothes." They ontorod the cabin, and there was Hnish on his knees, prizing open a case of champagne. " 'Vast thoro !" oried tne oaptain, "No more of that. No more drinking on this ship." " Turned teetotal, 'avo you ?" inquired Huish, ' I'm ngroeablo. About time, oh ? Bloomin' nearly lost another ship, I fancy." lie tool; out a bottle and began aalmly to burst the wire with the spike of a oorksorow. " Do you hoar me spoak ?" criod DaviB. "Isupposo I do. You spoak loud enough," Baid Huish. " The troublo is that I don't care." Herriok pluokod the captain's sleeve. " Lot him free now," said he. "We've had all we want this morning," "Let him hsvo it, then," said the captain " It's his last." By this time the wire was open, tho string waB out, the head of gilded paper was torn away, and Huish waited, mug in hand, oxpeot- ing tho usual explosion. It did not follow. Ho eased the cork with his thnmb : still thoro was no result. At last he took the screw and drew it; it camo out very easy, and with scaroo a Bound. '"Illo !" said Huish, " 'ore's a bad bottle." He poured some of the wino into the mug ; it was coiorlesB and still. Ho smelt and tasted it. " W'y, wot's this ?" he said. "It's wafer ?" If tho voioe of trnmpots had suddenly sounded about the ship in tho midst of the sea the three men in tho house could scarce have been more stunned than by this inoident. The mug passed round; eaoh sipped, each smelt of it; caoh stared at the bottlo in its glory of gold paper' as Crusoe may have stared at the footprint ; and their minds wore swift to fix upon a common apprehension. Tho differenco between a bottlo of ohampagno and a bottle of water is not great ; between a shipload of one or of tho other lay tho whole soale from riches to ruin. A second bottlo was broaohed. There wore two oases standing ready in a state room ; theso two were brought out, broken open and tested. Still with tho samo result ; the contents wars still colorless and tasteless, and dead as tho rain in a beached fishing boat. " Oriokey !" said Huish. " Here, lot's samplo tho hold !" said the cap tain, mopping his brow with a baok handed sweep ; anil the three stalked out of tho house, grim and heavy footed. All hands wero turned out ; two Kanakas were sent below ; nnother st&tionod; at a pur chase ; and Davis, axe in hand, took his place beside the ooaming. "Are yon going to let tho men know?" whispered Herriok, "Damn tho men !" said Davis. " It's beyond that. We've got to know ourselves." Throe oasos wore sent on dock and sampled in turn ; from eaoh hottlo, ns tho oaptain smashed it with tbo axe, tho ohampagno ran bubbling and eroaming. "Go deeper, can't you?" cried Davis to tho Kanakas in tho hold. The command gave the signal for a disastrous ohango. Case after case came up, bottle after bottlo was burst, aud bled more water. Deeper yet, and thoy camo upon a layer where there was scarcely so muoh as the intention to deceive ; wiicro tho oases were no longer brnnded, tho bottles no longsr wired or papered ; where the fraud was manifest, and stared them in the face. "Here's about enough of this foolery," said Davis, " Stow hack tho cases in the hold, uncle, nnd got the hrokn crockery overboard. Come with me," he added, to his co-adveuturers, and led the way hack into the cabin. Chaater VI.— Thp. Partners. Each took a side of tbo fixed table. It was tho first time they lmd sat down at it together ; but now all senso of incongruity, nil moinory of differences, was quite swept away by the pro- sonoe of the common ruin. " Gentlemen," said the captain, after a pause, and with very muoh the air of a ohnirman open ing n board meeting, "we'ro sold." Hnish broke out in lnuglitor. " Well, if this kin't tho 'iglieBt old rig !" ho cried. " And DaviB ore, who thought he hndgotup sobloomin' early in tho mornin' ! Wo've stolen a oargo of spring water ? O my orikoy !" and he squirmed with mirth. ) The oaptain managed to sorow out a phantom smile. " Hero's Old Man Dostiny again," said he to Herriok, " but this timo I guess he's kioked the door riglit in." Herriok only shook his head. "OLord, it's rich!" laughed Huish. "It would really bo a scrumptious lark if It 'ail 'appenod to somebody olso ! And wot aro wo to do -next? O ray eye! with this bloomin' sohoonor, too !" "That's tho trouble," said Davis. "There's only one thing oortain — it's no use darting this old glass nnd ballast to Peru. No, sir; we'ro in a hole." "0 my, and the morohant," cried Huron, "the man that made this sliipinont I Ho'll get the news by the mail brigantine, and ho'il think, of oourso, we're making straight for Sydney." "Yos; ho'll bo o siok meroliftnt," said the oaptain. "One thing— this explains the Kanaka orow. If you're going to lose a ship, I would ask no better myself than a Kanaka orow. But there's one thing it don't explain — it don't ox- plain wliy.she oamo down Tahiti ways." " SVhy to loso her, you byby !" said Huish. "A lot you know," Baid tho oaptain. "No body wants to loso a schooner; tlioy want to loso lior on her course, yon skeorioke ! You seem to think underwriters haven't got enough sense to come in out of- tho rain." " Well," said Herriok, " I can toll you (I am afraid) why she oame Bo far to the eastward. I hadlit of Unole -Ned. : It seems thoso two' un happy devils, Wisomau and Wishart,- were drunk on the champagne from tho beginning, and died drunk in the end." The oaptain looked on tho -table. " They lay in their two bunks, or sat hero in this damned house," he pursued, with rising agitation', "filling their skins witli tho acoursed stuff till aioknoss took-them. As they siokened nnd the fever rose thoy drank the more. ' They lay hero howling and- groaning, drunk and dying, nil in -one. Thoy didn't know where thoy were, thoy didn't care. Thoy didn't oven tako the sun, it Beeme. " " 11 Not tako the sun ?" oried the oaptain, look ing up. " Snored Billy 1 what a ordwd 1" „ IVYell, it don't matter to Joe !" said Hnish. IL?4 aW-IViseman and tho t'other bullor,-to :us?"- ; uri:' 8S?d. : 'deV.>' topi" says, the captain., IVo re their hoirs, I guess." "It is a great inliaritanoo," said Herriok. _ 'Well, I -don't know abont that, " returned Davu. "Appoara to mo, -as if. it might bo worse. 'Tain't worth what the oargo would liavo been, of aourso, at lonst .not money down, But 1 11 tell you whnt it appears to figure up to. Appoara tb mo as if it amounted to about tho bottom dollar of tho man in 'Frisco." "'Old on," Baid Huish. "Give a fellow time ; 'ow's this, umpire ?" "Well, my sons, "pursued the captain, -who soomed to have reoovered his assuranoe, " Wiseman nnd .Wishart were to be paid for basting away this old sohooner and its oargo. We're going to cast away the sohoonor right enough, and I'll make it my private business to seo that wo get paid. What were W. and W. togot? That's moro'n I can tell. But W. and W. wont into this business themselves, they wore on the oronk. Now we're on the square, we only stumbled into it, and that merohant lias just got to squeal, and I'm the man to see that ho squeals good. No, sir 1 there's some stuffing to this Farallono raokot after all." " Go it, sap 1" oriod Huish. "Yoioksl For- rard 1 ' Old 'ard 1 There's your style , for tho money ! Blow me if I don't prefer this to tho hother." "I do not understand," said Herriok. "I have to ask you to exeuse ine ; I do not under stand." , " Well now, soe hero, Herriok," said Davis, "I'm going to have a, word with you anyway upon a different matter, and it's good that Huish should hear it, too. We'ro done with this booz ing business, and ws ask your pardon for it right lioro and now. Wo have to thank you for all you did for us while we were making hogs of ourselves ; you'll find mo turn to all right in future ; and as for the'wilie, ivliloli I grant wo stole from yon, I'll take stock and see you paid for it. That's good enough, I believo. But what I want to point ont to you is this. Tho old game was a risky game. The new gamo'sas safo as running a Vienna bakery. We just put this Farallono boforo the wind, and run till wo'ro well to looard of our port of departure, and reasonably well up with some other piaoc, where thoy liavo an Amorican CounsoL Down goos tho Farallono, and good-bye to hor. A day or bo in tiie boat, tho Counsel packs us homo, at Unelo Sam's expense, to 'Frisco, and if that merohant don't put the dollars down, you come to me 1" " But I thought," began Herriok ; and then broke out : " Oh, let's get on to Fern !" "Well, if you're going to Peru for your health, I won't say no 1" replied tho enptain. " But for what othor blame'd shadow of a reason you should want to go there gets me clear. We don't want to go there with this oargo ; I don't know as old bottles is a lively artiole anywheres ; loaBtways, I'll go my bottom cent it ain't Peru. It was always a doubt if we oould sell tho schooner ; I never rightly hopod to, and now I'm sure site ain't worth a hill of boans ; what's wrong with her, I don't know; I only know it's something, or she wouldn't bo here with this truok in her inside. Then, again, if we lose her and land in Peru, whore are we? Wo can't declare the loss, or how did wo got to Porn? In that case the merchant oan't touch tho insurance ; most likely he'll go bust! and don't you think you eeo tho tho threo of us on the beaoh of Gallao ?" " There's no extradition there, "said Herriok. "Well, my son, and wo want to be ox- traded," said tho oaptain. " What's our point ? We want to liavo a Counsel oxtrade ns as far as San Franeisco and that moroknnt's offioe door. My - idea is that. Samoa would bo found an eligible' business centre. It's dead before the wind ; the States have a Oounsol there, -and 'Frisco steamers call, bo's we could ' Bkip right back nnd interview the merohant." "Samoa?" said Herriok. "It will tako us for over to got there." " Oh, with a fair wind I" said tho captain. "No troublo about the log, oh?" asked Huish. "No, .sir," said Davis. " Light airs and bn'Ji iiif/ winds. Squalls and calms. D. II. : five miles. No obs. Pumps attended. And 'fill in the barometer and thermometer off of last year's trip. 'Never saw such a voyage,' says you to tlio Counsel. ' Thought I was going to run short. . Ho stopped in mid oarecr. " Say," ho began ngnin, and once more stopped, "Beg your pardon, Horriok," he added, with undisguised humility, "but did you keep tho run of the storeB?" " Had I been told to do so, it should have been done as the reBt was done, to the best of my little ability," said Herriok, "As it was, tho cook helped himself to what he pleasod." Davis looked at the table. "I draw it rather fine, you see," he said at last. "Tha great tiling was to oloar right out of Papeete before the Counsel could think hotter of it. Tell you what ; I guess I'll tako stock." Aud lie roso from the table, aud disappeared with n lamp in tho lazarette. " 'Ere's another serew loose," observed Huish. "My man," said Herriok, with a sudden gleam of animosity, " it is still your watch on deck, and surely your wheel also?" "You oomo tho 'cvy swell, don't you, duoky ?" said Huish. "Stand away from that biuuaole. Surely your w'col, my man.' Yah 1" Ho lit a oigar ostentatiously, and strolled into the waist, with his hands in his pooket. In a surprisingly short timo the captain reap; peared. Ha did not look at Horriok, but called Huish baok, and sat down. "Well," he begun, "I've taken stock— roughly." Ho paused, as if for somebody to help liim out, and nono doing so, both gazing at him instead, with manifest anxiety, he yot more heavily resumed. . " Well, it won't fight. Wo oan't do it ; that's the bod rook. I'm as sorry as what you oan he,- and sorrier. But the game's up. We can't look near Samoa. . I don't know as wo oould get to Peru:" "Wot-ju mean?" asked Huish, brutally. "I can't moBt toll mysolf," ropliod the captain. "I drew it fine ; I said I did ; but what's been going on hero gets me ! Appears as if the devil had been around. That oook must bo tho holiost kiud of fraud. Only 12 days, too ! Sooms like craziness. I'll own up square to ono thing ; I seem to havo figured too fine upon the flour. But the rest— my land ! I'll nevor understand it.! There's beon more waste on tliia twopenny ship than what there is to an Atlantic linor." Ho stole a glance at his com panions ; nothing good was to bs gleaned from thoir dark faoos, and he had rooourso to rage. "You wait till I interview that :oook!" ho roared, apil smoto .tjio. table with liis fist. " I'll interview the son of a gun so's lio s never been spoken to before, I'll -put a head upon the — 1" ; „ " You will not a lay. a fingor on tho man," said Herriok. "Tho fault is yours and, you know it. If you turn a savage loose in your storeroom, you knpiv what to' oxpeot. " I will not allow tho man-to he molested.''- It 1b hard to say how Davis might have taken this dofianoe, but hp was diverted to a fresh as sailant. , " Well," drawled Huish, " you'ro a plummy oaptain, ain't you ! You'ro a blooming oaptain i Don't you sot up any of your chat to me, John Dyvis. I know you now ; you ain't any more use than a bloomin dawl 1 ' Oh, you 'don't know,' don't. yon ? Oh, It ' gets yon," do It ' ;Oh, I dessay I: : W'y, -waren't-ybn.'owling for. fresh tins every blessed, day,? '/Ow .often fcveX' ieardyou send the 'olo hloomin'-diunor off, and/ tell the, man to oliuek it In tho swill tub ? And' breakfast ? , 0 my orikoy:l ' Breakfast for ten, and you 'olierin' for moro, 1 , And now you. . can't most tell '1 Blow me, if it nio't enough to make a man writo an insultln' letter to Gawd 1 You dror it mild, John Dyvis. Don'c ' andle mo ; I'm dyngorouB." Davis sat like ono bemused ; it - might even have been doubted if he heard, but tho voioo of the olork rang about the cabin liko that of a- cormorant among the ledges of tho cliff. " That will do, Huish,'! said Horriok.- Oh, so you tyko his part, do you? you, stuok up, snoerln' snob I Tyko it, then. Coma on the pair of you. Bat as for John Dyvis, let him look out 1 Ho struok mo the first night aboard, and I nevor took a blow yot but wot I! gave as good,- Let. him knuckle down on his- marrow bones and. beg my pardon. . That's my- la8tword." i( " I stand by the oaptain," said. Herriok. That makes us two. to one, both good men ; and the orow will all follow me. I hopo I shall die very soon ; but I have not tho least objec tion to killing you before I go. I should praf or it so ; I should do it with no moro remorse than winking. Take oare— tako care, you little cad !" The animosity with which theBo words wero uttered was so marked in itself, and so remark able in tho man who uttered them, that Huish stared, and even the humiliated Davis reared up his head ami gazed at bis defender. As for Herriok, tho suooessivo ogitations and disap pointments of the day had left him wholly rook- less ; he was consoious of a pleasant glow, an agreeable excitement ; his head soemcd empty,, his oyoballs burned -us he turned tliem, his. .throat was dry as a biscuit ; tho least dangerous, man by nature, oxoept in so far as the weak are always dangerous, at that moment ho was ready to' alay or to be slain with eqnal uncon- oorn. . Hore, at least, was tho gage thrown down, and battlo offered ; ho who should spoak next would bring tho matter to an issue there and then ; all knew it to bo so, and hung baok ; and for many seconds by tho cabin clock the trio sat motionless and silent. Then came an interruption, welcome as tbo flowers in May. "Land ho !" sang out a voice on deok. "Land a weatbn bow !" "Land!" cried Davis, springing to his feot. " What's this ? l'hcre ain't no laml here. " And as mon may rnn from the chamber of a murdered corpse, the three ran forth out of the house, and left their quarrel behind them, un decided. The sky shadod down at tho sea level to the white of opals ; tho sea itself, insolently, inkily bine, drew all about them the uncompromising wheel of tbo horizon. Search it as they pleased, not oven tho practised eye of Captain Davis oould descry the smallest interruption. A few filmy olonds wero slowly melting ovorhoad ; and about tiie sohoonor, as around tho only point of interest, n tropio bird, white as a snowflako, hung and oiroled, and displayed, as it turned, the long vermillion feather of its tail. Save the sea and the heaven, that was all. "Who sang out land?" askod Davis. "If there's any boy playing fanny dog with me, I'll teaoh him sky larking !" But Uncle Ned contentedly pointed to a part of tho horizon, where a greonish, filmy irides cence eoulil be discerned floating like smoke on tho pale hoavens. Davis appliod his glass to it, and then looked at the Kanaka. "Call that land ?" said he. " Well, it's moro than Ida" - " Ono time, long ago," said Unole Ned, "I see Anaa all e same that, four, five hours bofo' we come up. Oapcna be say sun go down, sun go iip ngain ; he say lagoon all o same mills." " All o same what ?" askedDavis. " Mills, sab," said Unole Ned. \- " Ob, ah I mirror?" said Davis. " I see ; re flection from the lagoon. Well, you know, it iB just possible, though it's strange I nover heard of it. Here, let's look at the chart." Tlioy went baok to the cabin, and found the position of the sohooner well to windward of the arohipolago in tho midst of a whito field of paper. " There, you seo for yourselves," said Davis. " And yet I don't know," said Herriok, " I somehow think there's something in it, I'll toll you one tiling, too, oaptain ; that's all right aboat tho rofiootioh ; I heard it in Papeete." . " Fetoh up that Findlay, then," eaid Davis. " I'll try it all ways. An island wouldn't oomo amiss tho way wo'ro fixed. Tho balky volume was handed up to him, brokon baoked, ub is tho way with Findlay ; ami he turned to tho plaoo and began to run over the text, muttering to himself and turning ovor the pages with a wetted finger,' "Hullo, "he exclaimed. "How's this?" Aud he read aloud : — " New Island. Aooording to M. Dolilie, this island, which from private in terests would remain unknown, lies, it is said, ' in Int. 12 dog. 49 min. 10 seo. S., long. 133 deg. 6 min. W. In addition to tho position nbovo given, Commander Matthews, H.M.S. Seorpion, states that an island exists in lat 12 deg. 0 rain. S., long. 133 dog. 16 min. W.. This mast bs the same, if suoh an island exists, whioh is very doubtful aud totally disbelieved iu by South Sen traders." " Golly !" said HuIbIi. " It's rather iu the conditional mood," said Horrlck. . "It's anything you ploaso," oriod Davis, "only thore it is ! That's our place, and don't you make any mlstako." "'Whioh from private interests would re main unknown,' " read Horriok, over his shoulder. " What may that mean ?" . "It should mean pearls," Baid Davis. "A pearling island the Government don't know about? That sounds like real estate. Or sup pose it don't mean anything. Suppose it's just an island ; I guess we could fill up with fish, nnd ooooanuts, and native Btuff, and carry out the Samoa scheme hand over fist. How long did he say it was beforo they raleed Anaa ? Five hours, I think ?" " Four or five," said Horriok. Davis stepped to tho door. "What breozs had yon that timo you made Anaa, Unole Ned?" said lie. " Six or eoven knots," was tho reply. "Thirty, or thirty-five miles," said Davis.. "High time wo were shortening Bail, then. If it is au island, we don't want to he batting our head against it in the dark ; and if it isn't an island, we oah got through it just as well by daylight. " Ready about I" ho roared. And the sohooncr's head was laid for that elusive glimmer in the sky, whioh began already to pale in lustre and diminish in size, as the. strain of breath vanishes from a window pauev At tho'samo time sho' was reofetl olose'down. t ' . (To be Continued,) 