Chapter XXXIL—The Tool's Bevenge. Niall was in a sorry plight. His clothes were dishevelled and smothered with dust, his face was scratched and bruised, and. the palms of his hands and his wrists, which he ruefully regarded from time to time, were torn and bleeding. "What's all this now?" said the school master. Then the half-witted lad told his tale. He had been outside the town at the foot of the Dunach hill when the Melfort coach came along. On the top of it was a certain farmer youth named Dan Kingarra—that is, Dan of the Kingarra farm—with one or two of his companions; and it occurred to this faoetions person that he would invite Niall to get up beside them, no doubt for the purpose of pro viding them with sport. Things appeared to have gone on well enough while they were slowly ascending the hill and driving along the level summit, but when they were rapidly descending the steep incline^ on the town ward side the motive of Dan Kingarra's kindness became clear. He would have Niall jump off behind while the coaoh was tearing down the hill; and this the poor chap was eventually compelled to do, with the inevitable conse quences. He was hurled along the stony high way, face downward, his hands and wrists shot out in vain, while the lout of a farmer, ensconced among his companions, laughed aloud at the merry jest. " If I had been there," said the schoolmaster with a flash of flame in his dark eyes, " I'd soon have had that tom-fool head first into the road. There would have been a second one rolling among the stones." "Maybe," said Niall slowly, "maybe some thing will be coming to him, and before long." "Well, here is a shilling for you anyway," the schoolmaster continued goodnaturedly, " and you can go into the chemist's and get some lint and some ointment for your hands. No," said he on second thoughts—for had not this poor lad done him a_ good turn when he was hopelessly immnred in the chasm ? "No.; you can keep the shilling; but you'd better come along with me to the doctor, and we'll get the thing done properly for you." And to the doctor's they accordingly went; and there Niall was patched and mended up as well aa might be; and presently Allan Henderson was again on his way home—his brain filled with recollections that had little to do with Niall Goraeh. But when Niall was once more his own master he resumed his apparently aimless wanderings, and these in due course of time led him to the neighborhood of the Kingarra farm, which lay just outside the town. Here he became more oircumspeot; he crept and slouched along by the side of walls and hedges, and when he came to the iron gate leading into the farmyard he hid behind a clump of elder bushes, which had doubtless been planted there in former days for the con fusion of ghosts and evil spirits. From this safe retreat he could command a view through the slender spars of the gate of all that was happening in the large and open Bquare that was surrounded by the usual buildings and outhouses. Then a little while therefter Niall withdrew from his hiding and cautiously and circuitously returned to Duntroone, and the first place he made for was Long Lauchie's shop. The shoe maker wa3 at work, or pretending to be at work, but there was a confused and yet half comical look about his eyes when he glanced up and saw who his visitor was, that seemed to suggest that Lauchlan must have of late been straying from the straight and narrow path. And it wa3 not at all in his usual gloomy tones that he now exclaimed in Gaelic— "Is it you, you grandson of the Witch of Endor? And I am of opinion by the look of you that you have been in the wars." Niall answered him in the same tongue— "Will you be lending me a long piece of cord, Mr. Maclntyre and a bit-of resin to make it dark ?" "And what devil's cantrip is this, now? and who has been pulling a harrow over you ?" " Will you give me the string?" said the lad with the curious, peering, elfin eyes. "When the woman was here it was I that frightened her away for yon." " My hero, do you think I am forgetting?" said Lauohie, with an inhuman chuckle. " Aw dyeeai many is the time I haye been1 laughing over that; ay, and waking up in the middle of the night laughing. Oh,-yon are the champion of the sorcerers and no mistake; and I am sure she ran all the way shrieking to Fort William, and swimming over Cowal ferry and C reran ferry. And if she was drowned who will be crying over it? If she is drowned she is silent, and a silent woman is a,very good thing that Providence does not always give ns. And maybe I will he for letting you have the string if you will tell me what you are goiDg to do'with it and if you will tell me who has been in.inring you." Thereupon Niall—without whimpering, but with a malignant glitter in his eyes—repeated the story be had related to the schoolmaster, and Lauchlan promptly said— " Well, it is myself that would like to be giving that fellow a bash on the head. But what about the string now—what about the string, son of my heart!" "I was up at the farm," said Niall Blowly and darkly. " I was looking at the yard. In the middle of it there is a great barrel to drain the byres and the stables; and the top of the barrel is even with the ground. If I was to tie the string to the pump and be hidden somewhere with the other end, then maybe Big Dan would be coming along and I would pull the string and trip him " "And he would fall into the barrel of wash?" cried Lauchie, and instantly he threw aside his work. "May the Good Being pre serve us, bnt I would walk half round the world to see such a thing as that! Niall, it is your head that has the invention in it. Do not mind them if they say you were not at home when the sense was shared ; you have as much sense as manyand it is I that will be laughing .when I see Dan Kingarra fall into the wash. Do you know now what color he will be when he scrambles out? He will be as brown as. treacle; and not a curse coming from him, for his mouth will be cUoking. Aw, the brown man !—Niall, I am going with yon to see .the brown man !—I would not miss it for the best part of my existence." (To be continued.) 