POETRY ON THE BIKE. [As understood by HUGH KALYPTUS.] These lines—(I have seen them somewhere and learnt them with an idea of jerking them out at somaoycling smoke social, not as my own, beoause they are too poetic and sentimental for a prosaio pressman)—hit me under the fifth rib, where my cyclist's heart somehow, lies ; they are so full of feeling— Come with me out into the road, my wheel; Out into the road, where the sun goes down; Tliy hoops of round rubber and ribs of true steel Shall bear me away from this tirefeom* town. Fanoy oalling this a tiresome town when Tommy Hudson, Wybert Reeve, and Filiis, !et alone the Y.M.C. A. and the members of Parliament, are providing pleasure for the million ; why Hansard alone should be a Christmas annual for the million. But let that pa*s: we prGoeed— Aloft on thy saddle, set safe from all barm— Great Cesar's ghost! safe from all harm on a bike! The saddle ne'er mounted by trouble or care. Just imagine that, ye oyoliets, with Anstey's Hill, the Devil's Elbow, Tapley's. and Sellick's to climb—and run down; but, never mind, we go on— I'll hie me awav wheie the woodlands yet charm, Where villeys are smiling and fields aie yet fair. I have no objection to that; many a delightful journey have I made amidst the sweet rural beauties of Angaston, Lobethal, Mount Barker, Mount Gambier, and well- known South Australian ruralarities generally. However, we will proceed— With feet on thy quick-moving pedals impressed, That is poehioal, anyway. Tbe pedals that speed from the hurrying street. I do not suppose the pedals trouble them- . selves mu6h about it; they have a way of their own. I'll seek the calm hills and the landscapes at rest. Where the green leaves are fresh and the breezes are sweet. Well, green leaves are pretty generally fresh, and breezes are sweet so long as they do not blow across the Sewage Farm. This poetry rather fetohes me; but somehow or other yon can knock the stuffing out of almost any poetry if you just analyse it. You have only got to look at it through the bottom of a tumbler, don't you know? I do like a man who doesn't mince matters, whether he be a book fiead, a lawyer, a bailiff, or any other representative member of the community whose business it is to rub the hair of mankind the wrong way. These reflections (writes Hugh Kalyptus) are awakened by the perusal of the report of a case under "Financial Notes" in the Timet, forwarded me by my friend D. It gives the particulars of the whitewashing of one Ifah Henry Williams—his front name is a cross between Esquimaux and Spanish; but let that pass. This young gentleman went abroad, many young gents go " abroad ;" it's a way they have got — and for two years he was an. unpaid olerk with a. firm of atookjobbers, but he had £250 allowance from a fond father. We most of us wish we had a fond father or a consumptive rich aunt—rich or no sympathy. I could be awfully fond of an aunt who possessed the •pondulix, and could even tolerate a motherin-law with cash, although I have got a mother-in-law who is a model without a gold setting. However, to return to this young man, who was a sort of Don O&sar; de Bazan —he was living at the rate of from £1,000 to £1,600 a year on £250, and attributed his insolvency—here is where the laugh comes in— to "rash and hazardous speculation and unjustifiable eztravagsnoe in living. He had liabilities £5,142, and his assets were £5 only, consisting of three silver cigarette cases. The Jeu-ellers were the people who suffered—poor Jew—ellers. The young fellow had been "going it." How many young fellows here go it in the same way without the backbone of a financial father? We have young fellows here who stand upon the orumbling pedestal of the parental oash, and put on no end of side till the side gets bulged in by the thrust of> Bank Manager, and then they are glad to act as knookabout hands on a station as handy men in the grounds of people they have held aloof from. But it is human nature. If Tommy Walker were the sole shareholder "Bayley's Reward" he would be a member of the Legislative Council or Director in half a dozen Hand-in-Pooket Mining Companies now. It would not be Tommy Walker, but his cash. Satan himself as a Brokenhillion- • aire eould secure a seat on some Board; he would get all tbe commercial men and lawyers to vote for him. I saw by the paper the other day (says Hugh Kalyptus) that the latest fashionable fad is to praotice lip language—viz., to con vereeby the silent motion of the lips a la deaf mute. The leaders of that fashion had better go to the Redskins, who are adepts in that style of silent talk, aided by gesticulation. Travellers say that the Apaches, for instanoe, have been eeen crouching round a fire and holding a long conversation wherein they did nothing but move the lips. The Neapolitans do muoh the same thing; their gesture language is said to be most eloquent. I have only heard so ; I never was in Naples. The statement "See Naples and die" (of the smells) frightened me, acoustomed as I am to Adelaide deep drainage and the Sewage Farm. They appear to do things better abroad. "The Tchouktohes(acoording to a well-known ethnologist), have a summaiy and effioacious method of disposing of their hopelessly sick They beoome a burden on the community, which prefers that they should aot beat about the bush, but get well or disappear promptly. It sets itself to minister to the reoovery of fever patients by danoing, einging, beating drums tbe whole night through, a proceeding BO less rational and effioacious than that of relieving the poor and indigent by charity balls." I rather like that artistic dig at the civilized system of giving people just what they do not want, and expecting them to be grateful. 