A N3GHT Oil A LAW LESS COAST. It was uiy first glimpse of Alaska. Naturally, then, as I climbed over the steamer's bulwarks and dropped into the dory on tho choppy sea alongside, I took but little notice of tho boat or the rough fishermen who' wore my followrpassengers. My oyes were fixed on the black,: beetling cliffs against which the white surf curled and thundered two miles away, and on the naked mountains that towered, white and mysterious, in disordered ranks behind j i had never seen rugged gran deur such as theirs before, nor have I since. And out of there cloud- enshrouded Justnesses I watched the April. snow-squalls come scurrying like ghosts of giants over the boisterous North Pacific, enveloping us at times in their wintry folds. . . " This dory's loakin' like a basket, Jim ; you'd better drop yer oars and help bail her out." . " Where's ryer bailer ?" " Ain't it under yer seat "No." "Then there ain't none aboard."- This conversation roused me from reverie. We wore still a mile from shore, and about the same distance from the steamer. The water was more than- six inches deep in tho bottom of the boat, and it was pour ing in now at every joint. The dory had stood besido the smokestack on the steamer's deck during the whole voyage, and its timbers had shrunk fearfully. "Pull with all yer might for shore !" The cry startled the oarsmen, and thoy gave away with a will. But it was too late ; the boat was filling rapidly. I hung to my rifle and Batchel, .and .began wondering how long a swimmer could live in such ail icy sea. Suddenly" one burly, low-browed rower, Jim Murphy, dropped his oars,% " We've got a Jonah aboard," he muttered, with a superstitious glance towards my end of the boat. " Heave him out !' cried another. My heart stopped beating for a moment, until I glanced over my shoulder and saw that all eyes were fixed, not upon me, but upon a China man who sat behind me. It was Mong Ho, tho foreman of the Chinese gang, or tho " China boss," as he was called. Ho was a broad-faced, well-built fellow, witli a strong chin and intelligent eyes, and was neatly dressed in American clothes; his queuo was bound around ln's head. He was the mental superior of nine-tenths of the white men on the expedition, and spoko English quito well. My chum (Charlie Smith) and I had had several interesting talks with liirn during the voyage. ' " He's a hoodoo," muttered Jim. " 'Tain't no use tryin' to get nowhere with him aboard." " Make the haythen swim ashore," suggested Mike Molony, the cooper, with a threatening movement toward the Chinaman. Mike always backed anything that Jim said or did. Mong Ho leaned against the gun wale, motionless and silent ; but there was a fire in his restless almond eyes that meant, to thoso who could read it : " There will be more than one wet man if I go overboard."- " Stop your silly nonsense and bail the dory out with your hats !" The angry voice of my chum drew all eyes toward him ; at the same time he set the example with his own hat. Fortunately Charlie's idea took with the fishermen. Water-dogs though they were, the situation had now grown serious enough to alarm even them, and they forget their superstitious raco hatred for a time. All hats went to work with a will, and enough of the water w as bailed out to lot us almost reacli the shore. But when we got into the roll of the breakers in the shallow water tho dory was swamped and everybody was drenched. "We were lucky to save everything," said I, after I had dragged my water logged satchel out upon the beach. " I'd 'a been willin' to lose every bit of tho stuff aboard," replied Jim Murphy, "if we could 'a drownded that sneakin' Chiny." It was amid such associates that Charlie Smith and I arrived at the Alimalc salmon cannery, on the coast of. Alaska Peninsula, where I was to be storekeeper and he . book-keeper. Wo had been schoolmates together, and seventeen days before had shipned from San Francisco in quest of ex perience. Thus far wo had had our stomachs full of experience and pain fully empty otherwise. We found the cannery to be a long, low frame shell of a building, that looked like a machine shop inside. A snow-drift lay along its northern side; the huge accummulation had been oven with the comb of the roof, but the last week in April had come, and it was now only on a level with the eaves. The house in which wo were destined to live for tho next six months was as flimsy as the cannery. The icv wind from the glaciers in the mountains above whistled through its crevices, and yet there was not a stove in the building except in the kitchen. Even soft 'coal costs sixteen dollars, a ton there, and not a tree is to be seen within four hundred miles of Aliinak. It is needless to say that we did a good deal'of shiver ing before the brief Alaskan summer came lagging along in June. Charlie's bunk was upstairs with the fishermen ; mine was on the lower floor in the store. In' fact, my boudoir was store, office and bedroom all combined, and was only ten feet square at that. A bare wooden bunk, a dry-goods box laid on one side for a counter, a barrel capped with a salmon case by way of a desk — these were my sole articles of furniture. The sides of the room were crowded with shelves on which were pilqd a chaotic stock that included black sou'westers, blue woollen under wear, plup tobacco, sugar, rubber boots, soap, molasses, and fish-oil. ' I had not .been in tho place 10 minutes before my first customer ap peared. " Be you the storekeeper ?" A burly Norwegian, clad in hip- boots and torn shirt, asked the ques tion. He had the grizzled head of a Viking and an arm liko that of a prize-fighter. "Yes, sir," said I, thinking it politic to address such a Goliath re spectfully. He glanced at his ragged clothes, gavo mo a look of. mingled astonish ment and contempt, and said : " Don't 'sir '' me ; I wore as poor as you wunst-." "Did you want to buy something?" I asked, resolved to cover up the break I had made. - "Yep. Gimme a lamie." "A lamie ?" I gasped. " What's it like ?" " Dunno what a lamie is 1" ex claimed the fisherman, grinning from enr to ear. "Why, a hump-backed salmon could keep store better than that. Them's latnies under yer nose, there." He pointed to a bale of what I had taken for brown blankets. They were heavy overshirts, worn by the fishermen in lieu of overcoats. "Got any whisky?", my customer inquired, confidentially, as he turned to go. "No ; the superintendent says none is to be allowed in the camp." The man turned away with an in credulous look. I heard him an nounce to his companions upstairs that " the storekeeper are a tender foot, an' dunno a lamie from a fish- pew." " Gimme a singlet,'' said Jim Murphy, us he came slouching into the store a little later. I had no more idea of a singlet than of — of a fish-pew, for instance ; but I was learning discretion apace. " A singlet? I haven't had time to find out where things are yet. I don't see the singlets." " Sure, its right under yer hand they, arc," said he, pointing to a pile of woollen undershirts. " Oh, yes ; of course. What size" He took tho biggest in the store, as did all tho purchasers that camo after him, regardless of build. " Say, let's have a taste of whisky," said he with a meaning leer. Ding-a-ling ! Tho big triangle that served as a supper-boll came to my rescue. This sound had two distinct effects — it started four big Newfound land dogs to howling like fog horns, and it stampeded ' all hands to the long, low dining- room liko a regiment of wild horses. They were a motley crowd, gathered from earth's odd corners, witii rubber boots that came almost to their waists, soiled lamios, grimy faces, dishevelled locks and dirty hands. Charlie and I sat down with them. Everything was on the table except tho tea and coffee, and tho native waiter-boy went around with two immense tin kettles, singing, " Coffee ! chai ! Coffee ! cliai !" Everybody grabbed for himself, and I as I was not accustomed to that style I of table servieo I did not fare any too j sumptuously. While wo were eating the " China boss " quietly entered and took his seat at the table. Tho Chinese gang, who operated the cannery, were quartered separately, from the fishermen in the " China house." They boarded themselves there at their own expense — all except tho foreman, Mong II o. He was to be boarded by the company, and had been, assigned by the superintendent to the fishermen's mess. Thore w as a momentary silence ; then Jim roared out " I'll be horsewhipped afore I'll eat at de same table wid a howlin' hay- then." " Me too 1" " That's what !" " Fire do yaller nigger " See here,'' said Miko ; " who tole yez to ate at this table wid daycent people 1" "Boss man tellee.me all light sittee here.'' ' Well, 'taint all roight to set here, an' yez kin jest tell tho boss wc ain't no dogs, an' wo ain't a-goin' to set by no Chinys.'1 Mong rose and looked doubtfully around the circle of hostile faces for a moment ; then a look of determina tion settled about his lips and ho took his seat again without a word. " The impident monkoy 1 I'll teach him !" Jim Murphy grabbed tho Celestial by the hair and dragged him from his seat. But Mong was not an ordinary Chinaman ; he had considerable pluck. Quick as a flash his antagonist was laid on tho floor by a stunning blow. " Smash him !" " Kill de sneakin' thief !" Tho air was filled with min gled cries and curses as the men all leaped to their feet. But before anybody could stop him Mong had a big bread-knife in his hand, and thore was a dangerous light in his eyes as he backed towards the kitchen door. Nobody hindered him as he mude good his retreat to the cook's domains. "The yaller-livered Chiny dog! Drawin' a knife on a white 'man ! I'll cut his t'roat afore I'm a day older," muttered Jim through liis clinched teeth as he scrambled to his feet. "Hold yer jaw; here conies the boss," was the friendly warning of a fisherman, as a powerfully- built man, with grizzled face and stern eye, entered the dining-room. " All hands will turn out at half- pqgfc three in the morning to surf and run the lighters." Then, as he turned to go, the superintendent added : " No drinking, ashore here to-night, re member. If any man's drunk in the morning and can't surf I'll pack him back to 'Frisco aboard the same steamer he came on." An ominous mutter went around the room as the door closed. "No drinkin', hey !" grumbled one of the men ; " an' he's agoin' to hev his Toin- an'-Yerry aboard wid de captain 1" "We'Jl buy dat demiyon of 'sam shoo' from the Chinys an' tap it yoost do same, hey, boys ?" And tap it they did, with a ven geance. I turned in early, but there was no sleep for me that night. The rafters and floor above ine rocked under a bacchanalian dance ; the sand that sifted down into my eyes kept company with the curses that assailed my ears. The boys were having a gay time — uncomfortably gay. Suddenly the pandemonium upstairs was still. I could hear the voice of some one addressing the crowd in a low tone. Loud cries of approval, in stantly suppressed, interrupted the speaker. After a pause tho tramp of heavy feet upon tho stairs announced that the whole crowd was off' on some expedition. " Got the rope J" called a voice as they passed the door " What do yer want wid a rope ? His pig-tail '11 do good enough," said another. " Hold yer tongues," hissed the leader under his breath. They had all gone in the direction of the "China house," leaving the building as still as death. I struck a match and looked at my watoh ; it was a little after midnight. There was a hurried rap at the door. " Who is there ? " " It's I," replied Charlie's voice. " I want to speak to you, quick." I let him in. " Do you know what those devils are going to do?" he asked, excitedly. "No ; I heard " At that moment a dark form rushed in at the half open door, and a pant- ing voice stammered : " Storekeep — hide me !" " Why, Mong 1 Is that you ? What is the matter ?" " Fishmen heap dlunk — smash door — say heap loud, ' We wantee Chiny boss — wo hang him ' " " That's just what I came in to tell you," cried Charlie. "I heard that scoundrel Jim work up the whole scheme." " A pretty kettle of fish !" I solilo quised as I hurried into my clothes. Charlie's lightning-calculator head served him well at that moment. " Quick, Mong ! Got into that bunk and cover yourself up. They'll search everywhere else before they look hero. Now," said he, dragging me out ol the room by the arm, " let's make a break for the steamer and got the boss; he'll throw a damper on this festive necktie party." Thero was a stiff on-shore breeze and quite a heavy sea running. But wo never thought of the danger of swamp ing as we shoved oil' in the captain's dingey, which we found on the beach. By good luck we got beyond tho breakers without shipping very much water, and then it was a long pull and a strong pull, with tho boat's bottom slapping the chop sea till the craft trembled in every fibre. It was pitch dark into the bargain, and tho wind that blew smacked strongly of etornal snows. But wo could see tho red gleam of the vessel's port light, and for that wo pulled. At last we were alongside. " Watch, nhoy !" yelled Charlie, as we pulled under the stern, "Aye, aye, sir ; what's up ? " camo the answer. " Cnll the . cannery boss, quick 1 there's trouble asboro." In less than five minutes the super intendent and foreman wore both leaning over the bulwarks. " What's the matter ashore ? " It was the superintendent's gruff voice. " The fishermen are on a drunk and haver started out to hang the China boss, sir. He's hid in the store, but they won't rest till they have him," wc answered. Ho muttered something angrily be tween his teeth and seized a rope. "Going to hang my China boss?" cried tho cannery foreman. " I have a word to say on that deal myself. Wait till I. get my Winchester," lie added to tho superintendent, who was already binding a rope's-end to tho rail preparatory to coming aboard tho dingey. A minute more and we were scud ding toward tho shore before tho wind. A big breaker deluged us as we struck the beach, but nobody spoke a word. All was silent and dark around the buildings, but tho glimmer of a lan tern was visible against the black base of tho clift' that rose abruptly a hun dred yards from the house. A confused murmur of voices camo from the spot, and a frightened gull cried plaintively in tho darkness among the jagged rocks above. " Quick ! or wo shall bo too late," whispered the foreman as wo sped silently toward the « murderous group. The outline of a ladder was visible now against tho dark wall of rock be neath which stood two barrels with a board across the tops. A rope hung from tHe ladder and swung in the night breeze, casting its moving shadow on the gloomy cliff On the platform stood a burly form ; on the ground, tied hand and foot, lay poor Mong Ho. I caught the words, "Como up here, you dog," followed by a pierciug shriek as the murderer dragged the Chinaman upon the platform by the hair, slipped the dangling noose about his neck, and leaped to the ground with a sneering laugh. " All ready, boys !'' It was Jim's hoarse voice. At that moment the foreman beside me raised his rifle and shouted : " The first man that moves from his tracks gets a rifle-bullet through him." There was a sudden pause ; then a voice from the group called out : "Who are you?" " You'll never live to know who we aro if you move a foot," cried the superintendent in a voice that was in stantly recognised ; then, addressing me, he said : " Go and cut that China man loose." I moved forward to obey, when, with a muttered oath, Jim Murphy kicked the barrel from beneath the doomed man. At the same moment a rifle and a revolver flashed in the dark ness and sent their thunder reverber ating along the rocks. A hoarse groan was mingled with the screams of frightened sea-birds on tho cliff above. A fox leaped from among the rocks and sped down tho open beach. Jim Murphy ' lay across a salmon- barrel — dead. I cut down the unfortunate Chifia- man, but life was extinct ; his neck had been broken by the fall. , Utter silence fell upon the awed group surrounding those still forms, a moment ago so hostile toward each other, now lying side by side so peace fully, alike unmindful of the flickering lantern's rays that fell into their wide eyes. Around us lay the wild, fierce scenery of Alaskan crags and glaciers; over us the thick darkness, and in our midst that mightiest mystery — death. At length the superintendent spoko. " This is a bad beginning," said he, sadly. Then, after a pause, ho added : " I suppose we'll have to call it quits ; you can go and turn in now." The men silontly obeyed. We were nearly a thousand miles from the nearest court of justice, at Sitka. The super intendent had to be law- giver, judge and executioner on that desolate coast. To. try to give up the whole party of criminals to justice would mean the failure of the whole expedition. So the matter was simply dropped. The Chinamen buried their dead with heathen rites — sprinkled rice and sam shoo (din) on the grave and burnt all the dead man's possessions on the mound. All the spectators were given pieces of money wrapped in paper — for good luck. The fishermen carried their burdon to the grave in silence, and buried it without any rites. As the shovelfuls of sand rumbled down upon the rude pine box Mike slow ly took the pipe from' his mouth and said : "Jim could stan' more whisky 'n any man I ever knowed ; he could carry it beautiful." A murmur of admiring approval went around tho grim circle; the right thing had been said in the right place. A telegram from Peking states that owing to tho Government requiring the money for celebrating the Empress-Dowager's birth day next November, the Board of Itevenuo have been commanded to with hold tho annuai subsidy of two million tnels for rnilway building purposes in Manchuria, and devote the omonnt to the former festivities. Railway employees at Shatihaiktian aro many of them returning to Tientsin, as it is assumed that no salaries will be forthcoming until the festivities are over. In other words, says the N. C. Daily News, railway building in the north will have to bo suspended for neatly 10 months at least, in order that the ceremony at Peking may go on without a hitch through lack of funds. Some excuBe has been given for this, as it is said that China has not colebratod such an event for throe roigns, hence the people and Govern ment must make soma sacrifices to ensure the unuiversary being a grand success. 