GLEANINGS Teas. Rain. Picnics. Silver going up. Wag not a success. Easter encampmant. ,Vftter carting again. Plucky policemen (?) Foote won the Sheffield. T.P. Races next Monday. Man shot at Broken Hill. Methodist teas all the rage. Several fights at Arthnrton. Choral Service didn't come off. Village settlements all the rage now. Rain of frogs at Mt Gambier recently. Rain badly needed in the Peninsula now. Not much advance in the price of copper. Lots of Moonta people left for Coolgardie. Small snake and a big man at Cross Roads. West Australian Goldfields still going ahead. Unemployed cracking stone for food and shelter. Beetaloo keeping 4 a good pressure this ^pfeide man mfiiw to sicn his dec ? Our orfice cat is suffering from nervous ^'singing at the anniversary last | Sunday. Arthurton a grand place for amateur pugilists. Pin making employs 20,000 people at Redditch. Maitland people enjoyed the Fisks immensely. _ There are 30,000 unemployed in New South Wales. v Is it true that one of our barbers is going gold hunting ? The Burra gaol is to be closed at the end of this month. ' Mr John -Selhy, the well- known English cricketer is dead. The new park lands has to be fenced and : planted with trees. Galleries in the mines of Saxony are said to be 123 miles long. Water still very scaice in West Australians Goldfields. Some talk of a 6 per cent, rise on the Mines. Let ns hope so. The Christian Endeavor at the Mines enrolling members quickly. The wearied and anxious business man should nse Wolfe*s Schnapps. Is is true that the 5 per cent rise is to ( prevent men going to W. A. ? Wolfe's Schnapps -Buy original unopened bottles of the only genuine Schnapp". A number of unemployed have been fined heavily for sleeping in the Botanic PaTk. Business jpeople discarding the use of shops. Can't afford to pay the high rents _ Professor George Washington Gibson shot at his wife m Adelaide last Monday, but missed her. . Some of our noble defenders objecting to the camp being held near the cemeteryfrightened of the ghostes. Th* -Commissioner of Crown Lands has approved of a strip of land, opposite Blancheterrace for recreation purposes. There are two things in the world upon which there has never been any improvement—the wheelbarrow and kissing. Mrs Catchall: What do yon think you can make out of Miss Nextdrfor's voice ?' Professor of Music: ' Half-a-guinea a esson.* j ® of thP I One of the most difficult feats ®t at the we 1 present time is to conduct a conversation I| ith a football or golf enthusiast upon any uoject other than football or golf. Bicycling is becoming more and more popular. There are said to be 300,000 cyclists in France. Loc mation by some electrical contrivance will no doubt follow lh l D C / C Hertzka has formed a Freeland " Society in England. Fifty members, each paying £50, have been enrolled to carry out a preliminary exploring expedition in the Mt. Kenia District in Africa.—Voice. ' Why do you look so dismal, Father Willliam?' said the young turkey to the gobbler. 4 My son,' replied the mature bird, 1 * ou* am reflecting on the near approach ot cWsTmas,"witii the certainty that many of our number will be knocked into the middle of next week." HoUaioay's Pills and Ointment. — borne occupations tt-nd to the development of are peculiarly liable to rheumatism, iamb 'go, and other allied complaints. In the goldfields and copper mines Holloway's remedies have been largely patronized by the workers to their very great advantage, and they can be confidently recommended as invaluable remedies for inward congestion*, spasms and cramps in the bowels, and all those conditions of the lungs and liver to wtiich those who work underground or m impure atmospheres are so peculiarly liable. For cuts, bruises, sprains and stiffened joints, the action of Holloway's Ointment is eminently healing and soothing, and a supply should always be at hand in case of need. 