T^TJE'EDXjES : '• Shorfe, Sharp, and Shiny." Willie—" It's beastly awkward to be so con foundedly poor." Doha—"Bub you're nob too 'confoundedly poor' to pay your addresses." Bine. Warm. Cricket. Suicide. "Snared." Cvclorama. Pantomime. Riots in Sicily. A reckless boy. Fish-poisoning. " Continentals." Floods at Cooma. Napoleon's ghost. A tragic blunder. " Forty Thieves," Crime in Chicago. Fire at Sandhurst. A parson in trouble. Dean Macartney ill. Bank frauds in Italy. The Oruba at Albany. Small scores in Sydney. Burglary in Melbourne. A sentimental hangman. A wet wicket in Sydney. Sad accident at Rockdale. Beware of " tethered" fish. Chicago gaols overcrowded. A willy-willy at Roebourne. Roast mutton on board ship. " Picturesque New Guinea." Sudden death of a news agent. Assault and robbery in Sydney. Britishers killed by Frenchmen. Heavy rains in New South Wales. Railway accident at Sandringham. Magazine rifles for the British navy. More gold discoveries in West Australia. Saturday's Express always a favorite paper. Easter Monday this year cothes on March 26. Ash Wednesday thi3 year falls on February Queensland is about to issue more Treasury | cills.. I Another new rush is reported near Cool A serious case of fiBh-poisoning at Hind-{ marsh. A new programme at the Bijon Theatre this { evening. Good returns from the New Arum mine at | the Murchison. England has won the annual football matoh ( against Wales, There are 50 persons awaiting trial for niur" j der in Chicago. A Melbourne post-office was broken into by | burglars on Saturday. Blinman made the highest soore for South j Australia on Saturday. Giffen won the toss on Saturday and eleoted j to bat on a soft wicket. A novel way of trapping sparrows. First j make them intoxicated. The Oruba is expected to arrive at Largs j Bay at noon to-morrow. Thirteen batteries are in course of erection 3 on the Murchison goldfield. More reductions in the hewing rates at the j New South Wales collieries. The imports into America during 18931 amounted in value to £262,000,000. Sir John Madden was appointed Chief Jns- j tiee of Victoria on January 6,1893. General Benjamin Butler, of bhe United | States Army, died January 8, 1893. An Easter military encampment is to be | held in New South Wales this year. A fire in the freezing chamber of the Nairn" shire roasted 100 carcases of mutton. In the history of Victoria only one instance j is known of the exeoution of a woman. The rabbit pest in the Burra district is being rapidly overcome by the use of poisoned twigs. The woman Hyde, who Bbot her husband in self defence, has been discharged from custody, i Good results from the Ah Ching gold claim at Pine Creek—300 oz. from 30 tons of quartz. The Russian New Year's Day, Greek I calendar, was celebrated on Saturday, January I 6. The Earl of Kimberlev, an ex-Secretary of j State for the colonies, was born on January 7, 1826. There is abundance of water in the rocks j surrounding Coolgardie but little or none in the j tanks. Mrs. Knorr has confessed to other crimes | than that for which she is under sentence of | death. "Jones," the Melbourne hangman, has committed suicide rather than hang Mrs. [ Knorr. There were 12,000 people on the Sydney cricket oval on Saturday, £448 being taken at | the gates. The. Australian Governments favor the! Sailor Prince; New Australia looks for the! "Royal Tar." : An Italian bank official who is implicated j in frauds to the amount of two millions and a j half is wanted. Sir Thomas Mitohell, the Australian ex plorer, was born in January, 1792, and died in | February, 1855. The English Government have deoided to I concede the eight hours working day to the | ordnance hands. . What do the South Australian tern- i psrance parties think of the latest method of | sparrow destruction 2 Mr. MoKenzie Bowell is bnsily engaged in ] advocating the establishment of commerce be tween Canada and Australia. A parson running a fictitious kinship I agency in London has been sentenced to ten | years' imprisonment and fined £3,000. A French expeditionary force in South I Africa mistaking a British foroe for Arab | slavedealers, fired upon it, killing 31 men. Detectives at the Plymptou Pony meeting on Saturday created a " frost" by taking the names of backers as well as layers of the odds. Little Girl—"Where do you fish?" Lady —"I don't fish." Little Girl—"Mamma told me you were always fishing for compliments." "Mr. Editor, I am told you called me a swindler in a recent issue of your paper." "No, sir, we only print the very latest news." Maudie—"Won't it do if I love you as a sister?" Jaok—"I'll tell you what—you can love me as another fellow's sister, don't you know 2" A Congress will open in Brussels to-day with a view to the formation of an International Colonial Institute for the advancement of the interests of science and civilization. It is significant that both the great historic parties in England are gradually abandoning the doctrine of laisscr fairc, and recognising the principle that the duty of the State, be sides protecting life and property, is to make life as far as possible endurable—even to make it happy. The most generally accepted list of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World is the follow ing The Pyramids of Egypt, the Pharos of Alexandria, the WallB and Hanging Gardens of Babylon, the Temple of Diana at Ephesus, the Scacue of Jupiter at Olympia, the Mauso leum at Haiku:-lapsus, and the Colossus of Rhodes. 