Shades of the-Fast. I MITTAGONG. 1 A correspondent writes : Twenty minutes for E¡¡ refreshments was in years gone by a. welcome : ' » notice to half-stifled, hungry and thirsty travel- H lers, as the express train ran into Mittagong Rail- Mg way Station; but now somo of tho hungry and, Wa thirsty travellers look out upon tho gloomy build- HS ings, dimly lighted, and heave a heavy sigh as Hg they think of days that are gone. Others, more mm daring, rush from tho lighted saloon into the S outer darkness and are confronted by the JE ghost of the past, which warns them that WÊ if they venture too far seeking to quench gÊ their thirst the darkness will be moro intense on . NH their return. It is very amusing to watch the rfl countenances of tho disappointed ones as they [H silently resumo their soats and resign themselves H to their fate. Watches are consulted, and anxious H inquiries made to know how many minutes will n elapse before the welcome lights of the refresh- ' j| ment rooms at Moss Vale will loom in sight. fm Pondering on days which have gone, memory lg brings back the great banquet held in the H ; .uiitrcigong reires arnon ti room nnaer me auspices of the members and supporters of the Liberal Association in the district, when some of the prominent representatives of that body eloquently proved to their own satisfaction that they were the regenerators of the world. Some are. relegated to private lifo and solitude, and others cannot understand why their burning words produced so little effect. I well remember ono would- be eloquent M.L.A. as ho rose to de liver the speech which had evidently been very ? carefully prepared, beaming upon the audience through his gold pince-nez, solemnly commencing " You all know, friends, that the word ' liberal' is derived from the Latin word 'libertas/ " which had süoh an effect upon his hearers that they all lost self-control and found ¡ liberty to laugh most uproariously, v =He .then. ¡ proceeded to Bcatter his h's in all directions, and j they alighted upon every imaginable word.It j was a picture-; to see how the genial, cultured i Southey, whose school at that time was so popular 'at Mittagong, enjoyed tho-fhn, a Sight never to be forgotten. These days are gone, and Mitta* gong reminds one of Goldsmith's deserted village, but why the long range of empty buildings is allowed to; remain in all its gloom none buta railway commissioner can explain. The paralysis :has extended to .thôrTndtistHôÔrin-:-arl'âi:,ftf6ti'ùâ Mittagong. A most valuable property, thè'Box Vale Colliery, is idle. It is Baid that the former owners spentJ£60,000 in opening up t|ie m^,ne,. and laying down 4^ miles of railway- Government gauge-supplying winding engine and gear, loco motive and all the plant necessary to carry out the work. I was informed that there 680 acres of freehold land with abundance of the best coal for coke making in the colony. There is much talk about co-operation. "Why do not the miners co-operate to develop the' re sources of this mine, seeing that, everything is ready to their hands. Doubtless the Government, which says it has such deep sympathy with tho unemployed, or the Railway Commissioners would render valuable aid. The milk industry, which was of great importance to Mittagong, when, fos-, , - tered by the late T. S. Mort, has dwindled. One of tho residents at Sutton Forest told me at, the time that he received for the milk from 30 to 40 cows about ¿81000 a year. The Fresh Food and Ice Company paid 8d per gallon for pure milk, but " much would have more." The farmers became dissatis fied with the price and deserted the company, with the result that the factory price is now from 2Jd to 2Jd per gallon. The hotels are virtually without visitors, and everything appears to be under a ; cloud ; but with good soil, excellent views, and \ beautiful climate, Mittagong should again como to the front. The advent of a few fashionable members of Sydney socioty would soon revolution ise Mittagong if they were to put their stamp . upon it. 