OUR STORY. OLE MISS AND MISS BESSIE. By M. E. Henry-Ruffin, You is jes' for all the worl' lak Miss Bessie what staid up de ribber wif ole Miss. Jane paused in her rotations of the ice cream freezer and looked at me inquiringly, to note the effect of the comparison. " Yes ?" I said indifferently, then glanced at the motionless freezer and at the clock, connecting the two in my mind. Jane sighed and grasped the handle again. It am most time fur Mars Willie to come to dinnah. Yes, chile, I knows it; and dis yere cream is sho slow a- freezing. Only the perversity of the ice cream was to blame. But Miss Leany you sho is lak Miss Bessie, gathering up courage for an other effort. I relent a little. And what was Miss Bessie like ? , She was de - puttiest, liksomest young lady you ever see, Miss Leany. I laugh at the implied compliment, and relenting thus far, Jane drops the handle altogether and prepares to re- gale herself with a story of the up-river country. You sho do favor Miss Bessie. She was de nicest little gal, so plump and putty, wif curling black har and black eyes that shined and shined. I am tall and slender to that degree that my name, Miss Leany, as render- ed by the colored population, is beauti- fully appropriate. Also, I am fair- haired and gray-eyed. But these small matters do not impade Jane's progress, when the full tide of up de ribber reminiscences is upon her. Jane is a coloured lady imported into my recently erected domestic independ- ence. Having set up my Lares and Penates on their own feet, it became necessary to secure the aid of the sable sister in keeping the household gods erect. Jane is sole executive in our establishment of two; as she herself expressed it, I jes' does all Miss Leany's wuk; an' I don't want no triflin' town niggers round me. She is a rural importation, very scorn- ful and distrustful of the ways of city folks. Her full Lame was Melinda Jane Liberty — Mrs Liberty — but en- titled to this matronly designation only by courtesy, as Mr. Liberty had proved himself too worthy of his name by breaking his matrimonial bonds with an ease and freedom peculiarly African. He had been a local preacher up de rib- ber when he married Jane. With an inconsistency almost Hibernian, a local preacher among the colored brethern is not local at all, belonging to no place or having no settled call or congrega- tion. Previous to her marriage Jane had bought some land and a very comforta- ble home. Under pretext of reinvest- ing the money, the Rev. Elam Liberty induced her to sell her little property, and with the proceeds in his pocket he bade her good-by, came to town, mar- ried a likely yaller gal, drove the car- riage of a wealthy Jew, in livery, on week days, preached in the colored church on Sundays, and with his sty- lish young city wife utterly ignored poor, black, middle-aged country Jane. It was some forlorn hope of recaptur- ing the liberated Liberty that brought Jane to town. Then finding the futil- ity of this hope, she resignedly went to work to repair the inroads made on her finances by the unfettered Lib- erty. All those events, related by Jane, in the confidence of our culinary associa- , tion, had caused some mirth among my friends, to whom she was variously known us Liberty Jane, the Bird of Freedom, and other facetious titles. My sympathy for her troubles, which, with all her show of scornful independ- ence I knew were very sore, quite over- came any sense of humor that might rise at her quaint country ways. Who was Miss Bessie ? I asked, fearing that in the rush of Jane's rem- iniscences Miss Bessie's identity might be lost. Ole Miss I knew to be Jane's former owner, Mrs. Winston, the widow of a once wealthy planter. Miss Bessie was de young lady what Ole Miss dun bring from de Norf to housekeep for her. Miss Bessie Conly. She was a norfun and she was Oirish. She been raised in a convent. Law ! Miss Leany ! Miss Bessie was smart. Dem Sisters what luk like ghostses dey dun teach her ebberyting. She could play the piany, she cud sew and clean house and cook. Dar warn't nuffin Miss Bessie cudn't do. Ole Miss she was jes' plum tickled to def over Miss Bessie. She set in de parlor and tell dem white ladies 'bout my housekeeper and show all de fine wuk and de embroideries and ebberyting. Why, Miss Bessie dun wukked on some silk Ole Mis git fur her aud kivered all dem ole 'foh de wah ' furni tures, till you go in dat parlor and you most cud pick off de roses and de Johnny-jump-ups offen dem chars and soforths. Dat parlor and dat house Iuk Iak sumfin when Miss Bessie dun wuk over it. Ole Miss she had two gals herself, Miss Ada and Miss Lucy ; but law ! dey look down mighty temptations on Aliss Bessie, 'case she aint bloodish, lak de Winstons. But you know, Miss Leany, dem young mens dey aint study- in' 'bout yo' ole grandaddy when dey cums round ; and dey all sho lak Miss Bessie. She was dat pretty and sweet and helt herself so dignum and play de piany so nice and sing so fine. Ole Miss was mightily taken wif Miss Bessie. She sho did lak her; and all was going on fine till Marse Herbert Bascombe, he cum along. And who was he ? I inquire, fearing another case of lost indent- ity. Law ! Miss Leany, you sho do know who Marse Herbert is. Why he's fad- der was in de Congress — Ole Kunnel Bascombe — and de Bascombe planta- tion is jes' de fines' of all on de ribber. Marse Herbert, he jes' own it all, 'case he's de onliest chile de Ole Kunnel have. Law ! he was dat gud and kind to his ma. Ole Kunnel warn't nebber no 'count after he dan bin in dat Con- gress. 'Pears like dey nebber is. But de say, all up dat county, dat de Con- gress can't git 'long widout de Kun- nel. Dey bleeged to have him. Leas' wise dat is what de lawyer man from town dun tole the white folks at de speakin' ; and dey all clap dey hands and shouted ; and dat is how de Ole Kunnel was sent into the Congress. Dat ar' Congress, Miss Leany, is whan dey do all de talkin' and de drinkin' fur de country. Now, de ole Kunnel, he was a power- ful fine talker. I nebber did know, when he was speechifying, what he was talkin' 'bout. Dat how I cum to know it was fine. None of dem could beat him talkin' ; and he could jes' larn to drink long wif de best. Leas'- wise, after he dun lef ' de Congress, he keep up de drinkin'. Ole Miss Bas- combe, she jes' walk up and down de long hall and cry easy to herself and wring her han's. Mars Herbert, he cum in, wif his two hound dogs a fol- low in' ; and when done gib de cook de possums and de birds, he hang up hes gun and cum to hes ma. He jes' puts hes arms 'round her, so lovin'-iike, and she sot her head on hes shoulder, she jes' could reach up dat fur, case Marse Herbert allus was dat tall, jes' like de Boscombes; and 1 dun hear my ole grandmammy say, dat de Ole Kunnel's grandfadder — Well, what else would Marse Herbert do ? I inquire, fearing an end- less tale or a dinnerless husband, if we went back any further among the Bas- combe grandfathers. Well, bimebye, de old Kunnel die ; and Marse Herbert and his ma jes' staid dar. 'Pears like he sees so much drinkin' and lizard huntin' wef hes pa, and he don't want no drinkin' round him. Den ho tuk hold of dat planta- tion and it sho was goin' down. Den everybody begin' talkin' bout dat fine Bascombe property. Marse Herbert raise de best cotton and de most, and hes cotton was allus de fust to go down de ribber to be sold. Well, den hes ma she dun daid. jane paused, after the labor of kil- ling two characters in her tale ; and then gathered up the threads other nar- rative Law ! Miss Leany, you jes' should a 'eart dem white ladies talkin' 'bout Marse Herbert after his ma die. 'Pears like dey was all sot on his gettin' mar- ried right off. Dey jes tuk it to heart, dat da warn't no white lady 'round dat fine Bascombe plantation. My ole Miss, she was most particular sot on gettin' Marse Herbert married and she plannin' to get Miss Ada over dar. But law ! Marse Herbert he warn't studyin' 'bout dat. Dem white ladies dey trubble deyseles more 'bout his wife dan he do. He sho did miss his ma. He used to come 'round to see Old Miss, case she and Miss Bascombe was long time friend. Dat what started Ole Miss to thinkin' 'bout fixin' up Miss Ada. But Marse Herbert he's jes' perlite and genteel to all de young ladies, and ain't lookin' at none in par- tic'lar, till he see Miss Bessie. Den I knowed what was comin'. I jes' know- ed fust time be set eyes on Miss Bes- sie, how it was goin' to be. It sho was cold dat night; and after I had bin in the parlor and shook up de fire and tuk in more wood, I come back to de kitchen and set down by the stove and put my feet in de oven. I was studyin' 'bout Marse Herbert in yonder lukin' at Miss Bessie. ' Lordy, nigger !' says I easy to myself, 'aint dar gwine to be a rustiin' storm 'round here when Ole Miss knows it all.' 'Case, you know, Miss Leany, de Winstons all mighty perlite aud propah till you goes against dem an den, great day in the mornin ! dey sho is ruc- tious. I dun study so much 'bout dat, tell I jes' had to go back to that parlor. I takes in some moh wood and makes 'tend to rake up de fire. Ole Miss, she sittin' dar smillin' and knowin' nuffin' yet. Miss Ada, she mighty flirtatious 'round Marse Herbert. Miss Lucy, she was a swollowin' her han'kerchief, hidin' de gaps and Miss Bessie settin' so still over in de corner, workin' away on some lace. She looks dat putty wif de fire shinin' in her eyes, and de chan'- lier pourin' down glory on her sleek back hair. Her little mouth, red like the Christmas berries, was half open, same as you see a little baby goin' to sleep. Jes' settin' dur, knowin' nuffin, like any leetle gal ; and Marse Herbert over yonder, tother side of the parlor, jes' a lukin' and a lukin'. Law me, Miss Leany, I was plum achin' to go over dar and say : Marse Herbert, go 'long. Dat lettle gal she ain't got no mammy and no daddy and nobody. You is goin again Ole Miss and you is puttin' Miss Bessie in Ole Misses way; and anybody what stand dar and cross Ole Miss, de Lord help 'em. Go 'long Marse Herbert. Dat norfun gal, she ain't known nuffin, yet — go 'long. But dar she set and I was ''bleged to get up and go out and study how it was goin' to be when Ole Miss knowed dese tings. To be continued. 