UNDER THE VERANDAH. Whether Sir James Patterson is to bo com plimented on his new accession of dignity is per haps a doubtful point, but those of his fellow citizous who set store by suoh titular honors will certainly not be disposed to begrudge hiin- this proof of his sovereign's favor. At the same .time, knights nre getting rather plentiful in our little oommunity, and if the present rate of creation is maintained it will be quite a 'dis tinction to he known as plain "Mister." Even Sir James himself was wont in the early days to speak disparagingly of knighthood, hut circum stances alter casos, and, lilco many another, lie is not aboya accepting the distinction' when it is offorcd to him. But surely the climax was rcaohed in the report that a knighthood had been offered to tho Speaker, and — deolined. Reokitt's blue, wo are told in the placards,' is used in 'tho Frinao of' Wales's laundry, and Rcokitt is now made a baronet. I do not for one moment suggest that Victoria's present Premier has conferred' so pricoloss a boon upon society at large as hns the manufacturer of an articlo whioli enables the nother garments of tho heir to tho throno and others of less lofty ntation to be "got up " every Monday with spot less purity and whitoncss ; but quite apart from this, Sir James cannot expect so exalted an honor ns that oonferred upon Reokitt, who, having lived upon bluo all his life, ia obviously a likelier man to propagato a lino of dbsoendanta with tho truo aristocratic tinge in thoir veins. Times havo indeed changed from the days whon the knight-elect used to keep watchful vigil over tho nrms lie was to wear after his. investituro, and had to be solemnly smitten on the ohoulder with the flat of a, sword. These pioturcsqno surroundings,' described so vividly in hooko dealing with mcdireval chivalry, givo plaoe to a moro practical and prosaic procedure. In tile present instanco Lord'Hopotoun rings up the Premier by telephone with tho usual " Aro you' there!" "Hello! who's speaking?" and the rest of it; and gravoly proceeds to con- gratulnto Sir James upon tho honor, just oon ferred upon him. Shades of Don Quixoto ! What would the valiant knight of La Manoha have thought of a ritual ao utterly at variance with all the rules of ohivalry ? It is just a little odd, too, seeing that the honor has been con ferred on the reoommendntion of Lord Hope- toun, that his Excollenoy should feel oallod on to tender his feliaitations on the eyent. Tho ourtain rings up for tho third and last act of tho Parliamentary, drama ; and as the players have enjoyed a suffioioi'itly prolonged interval, tho publio have n right to expeot good value for their money. The first two aots liavo not como up to expectations— thorn has boen too muoli dialoguo and too littlo inoidont. But tho situation is now undeniably interesting, nnd the probable dinoucm'.nt unusually diflioult to foretell. Viotoria, the virtuous but illusod horoino of the pieoe, ia not by any means out of hor troubles yot, but there is no iaok of doughty champions who are for over impressing, on the audience their own spcoial qualifications to pull her through. In somo respeots the play is not wolloast, and soveral of "Hor Majesty's ser vants," as tho Drury-lane playbills havo it, must strive to atone for past .shortcomings if they do not wish their names left out of the hill in future. Dropping allegory, thero is abundnnco of work to be done duringtko session opened on Wednes day. This is no season for mere faotlun fights between the Ins and the Outs ; the times are out of joint, mid members havo enough on their liands to keep them busily employed without unseomly wrangling and party squabbles. Even a moribund Parliament oau do useful work if so inclined; and rarely has the ocoasion moro emphatically demanded useful work. Whether it will bo done remains to bo seen, but past oxperionoo as to the manuers and. oustoms of tho gentlemen who are thero to do it forbids one from expecting too much outoomo from tho legislative labors just recommcnood. The ladies ovidcntly do not intend to confine their favors to Mr. M'Intyre. Thoy ore going tho rounds, and in due oourso arrived at tho Promier's offioo on Friday. Sir Jamos-thcn Mr.— Patterson was regaled witii tlicir viows on tho question of women's rights, which wore duly sot forth by Mrs. BcsantSoottandotheradvauced ladies; and her emerged from the ordeal far moro happily than did the Minister for Lands a woek or two before. His biblioal knowledge wns indeod put to a.sovore strain by a certain Mrs.- Press, who oomparod tlio case of tho voteless womon of Viotoria with " that of the daughters of Zelpphehad, who wont with thoir brothors to ask for their portion and were not, refused." The Premier. fought shy of Zolo- piiehad, as most men in iiis position would have .done ; yet tlio argument roads a little strangely when, after diligent searoli in the aorlptures, one finds that "Zolophohad had no sons, but daughters It arouses curiosity ub to how thoy oould have gone " with their brothers " to ask for anything. However this may bo, tho Premier is well within tho mark in saying that woman's suffrage is hot yet with us a pressing politieal question. We ehall be wiser if wo givo tho New Zealand experiment a little moro time to work out; and, judging from r'eoent proceedings at Onehu'nga — whore Mrs. YatcB, tlio: lady mayor, aided it should bo said by hor husband, hnd per sonally to oloar tho oouncil oliamber of the giddy males who considered, the dobates con ducted under her rule to be n eort of eomlo cntortainment — that part of tho experitnent does not esem to linvo buen nn unqualified success. We may quits ogres witii Mrs. Bcsant Soott that a woman who 'takes high honors at "the University is more compotcnt to oxerciso tho suffrage than tho Collingwbod larrikin who oomos homodriink every Saturday night, with- ! out therefore endorsing tlio corollary sho draws, that all women are qualified to vote; ' I'for one nm in favor of fiat experimcntum in— Now Zea land. ; . Things supernatural seem to be booming, if one may judge from the ueoount givon of eortain phsnomona by an oye witness at the local Society for Psychical Ressaroh last Friday. Mr. D. M'Alpino, who read a paper ,oti that ocoasion, told of a number of figures mys teriously .'appearing, and dissppoaring ; but though he 'expressly dented the' possibility. of Imposture, I fancy Melbourne folks havo too keen a recollection of tho tnannor in .which figures and other items used to make thoir ap pearance ' and subsequently vanish into tho thinnest of thin air on the bainueo sheets of certain' defunct ilhahbial institutions to 'plnoo much rcllanco on precautions against fraud. The apparition . of an Abqrdoninn, too, who spoko with . n pronounood Doric ' brogue and greedily devoured u baunook, ie ono whioli sug gests the thought that tlio materialisation of spirit forms may. bo carried too far; whiln a youthful ghost, who assimilated a olioco-- iate oream, had evidontiy taken her sweet tooth with her into "Borderland." Her. digestive organs would also seem to bo un-. impaired by the act of shuffiiug off this mortal coil, sinoo I read that she soon afterwards " slowly dissolved before tho oyos of tho 'audi ence," leaving not a trace behind, tho chocolate disappearing with her— so that it, too, must have been dissolved. In theso days it is nbno too easy to furnish tha living 'with the oomes-; tiblcs requisite to sustain life ; and if " spooks " take to levying contributions on the lnrders of the survivors the problem of tho world's food supply will bo still further complicated. At least it'will bo desirablo for families of slender means to check their spirituous iueliiiations. To what base uses we may oomo at last— or for that mattor at first. Tlio bullet, proof ouirass, whieh is to revolutionise tlio taotios of modern war, has not yot,. luckily, had ail oppor tunity of showing its advantage on tho tented field nmid tho horrid din of battle ; but. it is being turned to account by enterprising pro- pi ietors of London musio halls, whore per formers olad : in tho now suits of mail are fired at with ball' cartridge on tho atnge. Tho cuirass soema , to have .'done its work well, hut in , saving the body; of its wearor.from harm it turned aside tho course of the bullet, wliioh wounded an unprotected by- standor ; and tlio authorities nro thinking of putting a stop' to similar risky exhibitions in future. Obviously perfection will not bo readied in thie matter until a cuirass is produced of suoh strongly developed elnstioity that tho bullota will rebound baok nnd aiay the men who fire them. That is the aim whioli inventors should now sot boforo tlicm. Ono of tlio lending lights of our looal musioal world was the othor. day at an cvoning party at wliioh musio formed tho ohiof attraction, nnd the hostess, seating herself bosido liim, .said: "Now, I want you to pay speoial attention to this piece, Air. Votes, it aonsists of soveral movemonts written in imitation of tlio styles of various famous composers, I liavo been told that it ia cleverly done, and in that onso you will probably find no difficulty in naming tlio mnsioiaus imitated;" Tlio great man- signified his willingness to oblige, nnd during tho pro gress of tlio piece jotted down various names, giving tho list to hiB hostess whon the performer rose from tlio piano, with tlio remark that; sho would probably find him oorroot in most of his surmises. Aloat porvorBely, however, it turned out that the pianist had left at homo the par ticular pioce she intonded to bring, and had boon playing a work whoso oomposor was quite innocent of attempting to imitate anyono'e etylo but hts own. Poor Vatos will probably be care ful in future not to speak with. authority on matters which loavo room for doubt; the wlsost oraoles have always boen notorious for the' rarity and nmbiguity of their uttorances. Poor Johnny had been a 'naughty 'little' boy all tlio morning, gotting into sor'apo after sorapo ever slirco ho got up, and at length his mother sorrowfully told' him ho must bo whipped. But this idea by ho moans ooiuoidod with Johnny's obnooption of the fitness of things; so ho betook himself to' a plaoe of safety. He lived in a weathorboard oottago on piles; and aB this had boon built on eloping ground, it was quito feasible for nn urchin of resource to stow his small person away under tlio liouBe with a senso of tolerable seourity. Tltoro lie remained; defiant, until iiis father came homo from busihosB ; ho had Indood - volunteered to omergo if tho throat of personal ohnstisement wore unconditionally withdrawn,' but this pro-; position had not found favor witii his maternal; parent. Presently ' paterfamilias makes his appoaraheB on the Boone armed with instructions to secure tho body of tho oulprit. " Johnny ! are you there?" "Hello, -fathor, ia that you! Ia mother after you too? Como under hero with; me and you'll be nuito safe." ' ' . ' . ATTICUS. . 