'aMOHGST TME BOOXS. literary c0ss1p. Tht Temple of Death, whioh originally nmicarcd in the The Age, has' been published in book form by Jlessis.iHutohinson. , - Tho preparation of n work dealing With" tho lifo of the late Chief Justice , lina, been completed, and will ahortly.-i«auo; from lUio loiuion preia.- TfessorMbtris,: who jias boau laboring at t?i6 book, forj the. past 12 month, gave on Wednesday »| popular lcotnro; upon one of its most jiritorestiiig. chapters,.. The? Shenandoah Inoidont, dealing-, with, aonte! crisis ill British history, .wbioh-- was,!.qn!y settled after miiA'eUbj®o|i.«iK'.'tl» Geneva Congress, 38'years ago," 'during thV Attorney-Generalship ' of - tho Into .' Goorgo Ilijinliotliain. Tht lcqtura w'sis deliverod uiider thoausplces of ttio Uuivarsity. Hiatoriqal Society, n the Wilson Hall. .> .>j" i-V;;;-; V-i.', Messrs. l'titnam haveiljjWtipw whioh. tliey expect to The Ecolation of lK(riaeiiHwliaLU':i«. and tho n-ithor is'rEHiaBiirt-Gamblo.Bn Amoric.ni lady. It ha, arrivod for a rcvisloiVof Vliq'qurrent b'piufpns cnncei uiug sex onpncltyand the ? endowment- of the female organisation.'- Then.it is argued that tha foinnlo organisation.; is 'in nowise -lnfe'ribr to that of the mslel Hot only that," liiiltlie theory of evolution is held to . furnish' mu'oh ,-evidonoo allowing Hint tha fomale'nmon'g.nll orders repre sents a higher stago." of .development Ulian the mnle. The allegation' is'mado- against, Darwin; that lie showed singular. adroitness fit .eluding certain facts of Iiib own, proving tho superiority of the female organisation;.."'-"' ? v 'A Mr. Francillon's novel, A Dog and h is Shadow, appears, from the preface writtin.by '.tlio author fortliencw edition just, published - by Messrs.. Clmtto and Wind us, to have had a literary history which inny fairly bo described as fateful. A lUyyae on Jiorsclaek was the 'rismo under wliicli it was originally to have appeared in 'The Gentleman's Muguziiie. But the author was in formed in time that tills- title, had- been antici pated by Mr. James Peyii. No evidence of this, however, could ha discovered till Blr.Pnyu him self tlirsw light on the mystery by buying that lie had indeed ouce written a serial under that title, but that he nlso hnd'heen nnticipated, and so had ronamed it ! when'-'iit , beoamo a three volume novtl. The next mishap was that when Mr. Francillon's story was reprinted in three' volume form the stock was .acaldontally 'con sumed in a fire at thcpublieliora', together with the manuscript of another hiovol, , whioli bare' the dicidedly inappropriate title of Marie Good Luck. "The dog," adds Mr.ll'rancillou, " trusts, like every oilier member of his io.ee, to have a good day after all." ' The Alibii Fame, who died recently, has left behind li i m some interesting reminiscences of his experiences of criminals condemned to death at I, a ltoquetto prison, where- ho'Wiia. for .many- years chaplain. IBs method of ingratiating himself with criminal! in 'order to try.' and. get them to accept his religious ministrations was to begin by olfcriug tiicm tobacco, and to go Willi a pack of cards nnd offer to play a quiet little game of piquet with them. The anecdotes ho tolls of prisoners almost nil tend to show that tlicy woro deficient in, if not nbsulutoly destitnto of, moral eense. One scoundrel who was induced to rend in tho Now Testament tlio account uf the greatest tragedy in litimnn his tory closed the book witli a nigh, saying, " It is exactly my case." Early education, tho Abbd thinks, liiiil much to do witli this moral obli quity of vision. The father of ono man, on being informed of ilis son's execution, merely said, "Well, there's nn end of it, hut lie must have looked very funny after tlioy had done villi him," mid went on with Ilis work. Ill another case the executed criminal's mother applied for his hoots, and wns indignant on 'caving that they hud been buried .with -him. J'ho iilcn of wasting a good 15 frniio pair of uools, 1 she said, " as though he could not have walkcl that short distance in his slippers." It wisnt the tabloof Lady. Pease that Mrs. Ritchie, daugldor of Thnokerny, heard from the hps of Mi. Blight some interesting anecdotes of , ,,!, k"ier. Shortly before his icoturing tour, I luckerny Imd been tnken by thnt grcnt orator nnd statesman to a political meeting at Manchester, where he attempted to speak, but broke down'. Ho appeared to he much annoyed mit!" !,, > had said to liis companion— who will ever come and hear mo Ieaturc if I ' i '''!a "lis. before such a number of people. Mr. Blight's reply was, "Never. yoh oiml ; voiy fciV ponplodlon't break down at an, time or another. -You come aloug.witli me this; iciuiig ; I in goiug'to another meeting'; I'm nob going to sponk to fino fal- lal folks, but to ;e set geoil, honest walking men, and you must try , 0 "i'oko," said Mr. Blight, "audi f' heard a hotter suoeoh in all my life ; it vttri. i' ,? speech, and tlicy were all delighted nu.it All0'her story related to .their 'mR at the Ueform Ciub shortly before tho S,,"?i st,s th-' As Mr. Bright was itfiulVi (!''K 'm"' 'lc mot his friend, who in 1,1 tou'< Ins hit, and stood with it phtsiretcliod hand. " What is thnt for?" __ B " Why ' you hold your hat in®1 ' Because," was tho reply, "1 see and iltCOnii'',teilt PoBHeinn I know going by, T%» >"y hat to liim." foiiM.n Jlooret »i a Journalist's Rctc tli- ' a story to show how important a part Itriin# m how pl,y, j„ jourualistio work. leinaud liliViT'i?011113 ''"10 ?E ""s in Lon- with > «i written nn article at my rooms, the t"l""ig it on tho specinl wire at new.ianfr8 eh®," '1' transmission to.tlie hamieiieiM ' " wn ,1"n ohei'loyeJ- It oth«7, ' !OW0.V<;', thnt 1 was engaged at he thnt nil? ,!18er than. I expected to morning ivh.!,8? " "#"'PMt I o'clock in tlio street. Vh. dr,ove lo the.-offloai in .Fleet- swuewmni Cirdot- 'A!"18 shut, and iio re- editor lioa .., ®1! .r'nS' I l«,e'w tl,at "> grapl, mi,r5, '' hot of , course tlie.telo- ll!s liglit in iPn r®8 ® , 111 his room—I oouid.sce my mind to in,, w08 "'"dow— aud i mnde up ,s>tk!,,L. ldr8ell ro'.for 1 ""'"nh'I that he hell twice With, "|U# " ?'!' Aflor' >'|rigiiig tho 'no thnt I ,ni„i i ,rCiu ' 't snUileniy. occuied to- him by ? l,Illce myself in oonUeotion with ai«'e to tk. pi ? '!l,r,!"!H tl.an:tlie boll wire. I e telegram to tl "Ivgruph Office, and sont h' special wire ,.1' nt tlle I''"1' '"d of sheet operator '«n, l"r"?i !"-m to aro,,"e tlio Pleot- 'Jeor for me ,s" '"m to open tlie; street found the " I "turned to Pleot-street l door. 1„ „. a '"J" Whding for ma'-nt tlie. open J'.'sii of CO, „lm, I found tliat my easiest '"! street wos iatlllS with the third tlqor from land." by menna of mi office in lre- ffwhimnia wHi1irm',',ublication tl m; which hi i l cSard. Tho ay«.- note »»« if" ,wiit'su an intercatlng Sfh lmblica\lm, ,,,„ i 'nvention of his fatlmr, back as 1814 nij,(1 to take place as !.? ssyi tile son M" author prooraatinated, WonVi"t<!m of «hortlinndt 8 ! 1 '"tcieatcd in ,0llltJ never see tho u 't f,1"1 Perceiving that it see tha if no external itimulus wore used, I voluuteored in 1843 to draw up an exposition of it." This was done, nnd tho pre sent work is from the SIS. ns it was left at tlio end of that year, witli tlio cxeeption of n small illustration. Sir. Herbert Spencer says thnt 'U»laya_aroso, and nothing further-had been dono towards bringing the, system beforo tlie ptiblio when his father diod at the age of 76. He then remarks "For many years after, my own iindortaking so fully absorbed my- limited powers of work that I continually postponed tlie task of seeing the Lucid Shorthand through tho press, until,, my lifo heving'hccomo precarious, I resolved against further delay." So at length tho system seas tho light. ; The preface to tho BIS., dated from Derby, allows that the subject xvss occupying tho author's mind nboul 1824, .Hint the construoti'oii-wae begun nliont 1830, and jtiint the system wns'fairiy settled in 1833. The 'method is geometrical, ''and the vowel signs are joined to the oonsonnnts. Mr. Herbert Spencer exprossee the oonvjbtlo'n. that it ought to replace ordinary \vrlting. _ Tho book.contains two ehort- linnd letters— ono from the soil to the father, dated 7th January, 1844 ; the other, written by tlio father to -the son, to tlie diotation of "Thomas Spencer," in .1843. It would seem from tlio work itself that 50 years ago, BIr. Her bert Sponcer was in favor of spoiling reform, for in the course of some, comments upon tlio "abaurditios and con trad iotiona " o'flour ortho graphy, lie:, says : "Thc.mero fnot thnt there exists such a_ thing- as a pronouncing dictionary carries witiiit'a full condemnation of .our system, of.wrttfciilanguoge." i;, .. ; v-?',!; : j;S v Mr, Richard Lo Gallionne, iii considering, tlie! inlluonce .;of the pi-ess upon sooiety,' observed' tliat truth is mora precious than fine ' gold, ' hut ..why? Is it. not because it costs so tii'ubh to. tell ? :Thc prese ban only tell as' mu'cli. triitli.-ae the puhllo'wiU buy, be as honest as tlie publio allows it?' The press is simply, a. litigb looking jglftas' >in w'liich'the age admires itself eaoh lnorning at breakfast. If to somo eyes tho impression it givosaeems ugly it is no itso blaming the glass." If the age wants to look lovely in the morning papers it must-first ho lovely. . It becomes evi? ucnt that tlio influence vto be' reckoned; with- .then Is hot so muoli tlioinfiu'ence of;'tiie--press on society, ibut the' iniiuehce oE sooicty .on tlie presa,.' Tho press oan hope to be little rmore ;tlinn' the 'expressioni' the; interpreter ' of 'tlie' moods of . society.- Of obiirsc. in its office of spokesman;' it enn do much to '. biinbehtrnte opinlony but' it can do. little to. oreate it. The reaction between". press aiid publio isrm"aoli tlie. amc as that between a great writer and his age. He influences his age only'-ib proportion as he is .the'tjip'e-bfijts niost' charaoteristio teiidenoics. As n.mirror.multiplies tlie'vnnity.of a woman, qq;4M':luy:d3ed-nitror of; , tile press, by inbt only 'reflecting but; magiiityidg eaoli man's conbiittt'of himself .nud this Interests, multiply the ,yanity of nations.' Tiicro is not a nation in the .world, tliat does not.deem itself ', the greatest, and e'aofihintion draws ,this epnsoiing liotinii from its press.' Tf we look, abrond at tlio intellectual .quickening 'to bo noticed in somo of the journals during the last few.years, wo must not forget that it' 'ta 'merely tlie qr'est of .a;, wave whiohjias ewept ovor apqiety. BYIiat w'e call ".the 'new siiiriti'.' has;': begotten ijfhii NewJourhaHsm.'.' '1 lie two influences "against which it seemed to him journalists " have to lcccp guard nre the American! Ml the'j.JFrejjeh', tlie.flippanoy nnd vulgarity of the one and tlie cynical morel tone .of the other. .. i Tlio election of M. Brunetiuro to he tile editor of 'the /.Vi'iie tin Daix Monties marks nn epoch , in tho history of that wcllTcnown. periodical. Ilitiici to, througliout practically its wholo enreer, it lies been under the swuy of what lias been dubbed the Bnloz dynasty. Francois llitlo/. was for many years the absolute arbiter of its fortunes, nnd after him his sou Charles. But in the lisnde of the latter the sceptre of nuthority at length wavered and then fell. This famous review was founded about 65 years ago, ill a far different farm from that ill which it now appears. It straggled along for two or three years, nnd then, witli a total subsoription list of Uss than four score, prepared to give up tlie ghost. Just as the supposedly Inst number was going to press, however, i crank cnllod at the office. His nntnc wns Franqoia Buioz;' ho had rcoentiy coma to l'aris from Geneva, end lie had some money to invest, Wlieii lis enterod the Jtcvuc ofiioo ho found everyone 'suffering from the" bluet.- They lied just finished spoiling' tlio word "failure." "But xvhat's the matter?" demanded the Genevese orank ; '.'why don't you mnko tlie thing a success ?" " If. you think that nn easy task, try it yoiirsslf,"1: was tlie ropiy. " Very well," responded RI. Buloz, ' ' I'm ready. What will you take for it?" ' "AYiiateyar you'Il give 1" The concern was roallyjworth nothing to its owners. "Good. I'll give you 500 f. Is it a bargain ? Very good ! . With yqurpermis- sion I'll tnko chnrge of the place at once.,"- And. so tlio Buloz dynasty wns founded. " Two great blianges were at onoe effected by BI. Buloz. He, gave the roview tlie severely simple cover it has ever' sinoe worn, and he decreed tliat pen and ink should take the place of ehears' and tiiepnato pot. 11a went to tlio University, and sslted' the lending members of tho faculty to .write articles, and to other eminent men on tho same errand. Thoy hesitated. Tlio review was dyiiig, tlicy said. But he assured them it was very much alive, and would soon be tlie foremost magazine in Europo ; and thon lie added that hq was quito ready to pay good prices for contribution's in ad- vancu of publication. Thus he finally prevailtd upon Guizot, Cousin, Villemain, end otliers to write for him ; and their example led a host of literary aspirants to seek M. Buloz's patronage, limiie de Girnrilin, George Sniul, I'rospef Mbrimbe, Alfred de Masset, were presently en rolled on his list of contributors, and it began to look much as if tho Jicctte wire indeed to he- come the leading litorary periodical of Europe. The cranky editor folt sure of it, and began to give Ids crankiness full play. Never was auto crat more arrogant. To somo of tho hsst writers in France ho -said; 'Tsihaps I'll print your nrtiele— if I find it good enough ! But I'll pay. you nothing— not a sou. Surely you will . ho" nmply ropaid hy tlio honor of Iinving your name appear in mjfjRevui. s'Vln future, of course,' if your work "merits it? I may pay you foraubac- quent artioles ;?hut,'not a son for this." Was there a revolt, against snoh tyranny On ths contrary, tho bost.writcra-of Franoa competed with eaoh other in- their 'sagornessV iq wrlto for the Itcvuc on tliodo terms. Thus tha magazine soon beoamo. what its editor : prediotoil. Aa for its oontributors, they became immortal'; for 30 ycara ovary mail otcctcd to tho Fienoh Academy was ohoaon fromtheir ranks. . ' 