'Breach of Promise—£1 >00 Claimed The hading looks sensational, but the.-a is nothing serious in it, so far. It was this way. Ha the divorce Court of Lodge Olive Branch, No. 636, I.O.G.T., Miss Susie Btine proceeded against Ben Dale, for that be, on a certain date, and at divers and sundry times since—probably moonlight nights—did offer 'is 'and an' 'art, to the said Susie hiB darling, and promise her marriage, within tbe meaning of the Act in audi case made and provided. And whereas the said Ben Dale had neglected to duly wed the said Susie, his darling, sbo sought the protection of the Court, and claimed as damages the modest sum of £1600. Tbe trial waa bsard before High Court Judge Vallance, and Aid. Strong declares he held the ballanoe as level as possible under the circumstances, but with a decided ben-d in favor of plaintiff. The Bev. J. O'Connor was counsel for-the luckless defendant; and it was clear from the jump thai he was going to win, if there was the slightest ghost of a chance of doipg so. In fact, Aid. Strong, who took great interest in the matter, afterwardB remarked that the Bev. special pleader's speeoh _ was .quite more than good—"aregular tin-lined, copper-bottom, jewelled in fourteen holes, A 1 at Lloyd's speech." Queen's Counsel, H. Leader appeared for tbe pretty plaintiff, but he did not" enthuse'" worth a brass farthing. Certainly, be did not have any oocasion to indulge in very poetic Bights of oratory, becauBe there was, from the Btart, an under-current of opinion that tbe fair plaintiff was bound to win, in a canter. Tbe sympathies of the Coart '.were manifestly with her in her great distress; while the large audience looked ever ready to point tbe finger of scorn at, or even trample on the proud neck of, the hard-hearted, wicked, though really innocent-looking defendant—poor Bon Dale. But neither tbe legal thunder of bis able advocate, nor his mild defense that "he'd never est eyes on plaintiff before," was sufficient to save poor Utile Bsn. The julge said at least it was a moral certainty that be bad promised to marry the charming plaintiff—he had not done so, consequently a verdict must go for 'the full amount claimed, with costs on the higher scale, and "refreshers" for the learned leader. To be recovered by levy and distress, and in default of sufficient " distress," to be imprisoned until the rising"—unless the plaintiff prayed his release. Sporting. Quite a lively time is expected here on tbe 27ih instant, when back races and athletic sport 1 )'take place. A strong committee of management has been formed, .consisting of Messrs. Geo. Paine (alderman), Aithur Ashe, Harry Edwards, — Hereford, and-the lively H. A. Clifford, as hoh. secretary. Speeial prises have been offered by Messrs. Wakely, Bursill, Fitzgerald, and Sale, who are candidates for a.place in the next new Parliament; and now the committee is looking forward to the happy hour when Messrs. Bladon, Jacob Garrard, Sir Donald Campbell, or any other likely starters for the great Parliamentary Baodicap Obstacle Bace, will send along each bis "little bit of stuff." It need not be run for 6D this occasion, .because Smithfield people are strong on the raoing racket, and after this initial meeting is over steps will be taken to form a properly constituted clnb. The full programme has been nicely printed at the MEB- CUBT Office, and may be seen in all parts of the district. Given fine weather, a great day's sport may be relied upon. Entries for principal events .close with Secretary Clifford on the 22nd instant, at whose establishment the various trophies are on view. Items- Aid. Anthony was somewhat late in arriving at tbe Conncil meeting. He had been endeavouring to put the finishing touch upon that porpoise hide, for the reporter's boots. However, through the kind offioes of "Siting Primo" Downey, backed by "City Marshall" Stimson, he soon knew all about the business whioh had been transacted. "Man who loveth not wine, women, and fong, remaineth a fool all his life long."— From the German of Herr Alpass. Lads and lassies, old and young alike, are looking forward for the all-night ball, which comes off here on the 26th instant. The weather is hot for dancing: but—"No mat-tah!" eb, Alice P Aid. Spring was too busy attending to tbe requirements around BoBslsy Park, to come* to the meeting last Wednesday night. Aid. Boger's absenoe was noted with feelings s of regret, but no explanation was offered concerning his non-appearance. Mayor Downey was quite congratulated upon the snocess of his business with tbe banker. E. S. Wakely bids fair to have a good show here for a seat in the next parliament. He has commenced in a liberal and attractive manner. Large quintities of very fine grapes are now being sent to market from here. Some years ago, Tom Holmes had a proper and pious horror of betting, or even drinking, with all sorts. One day, on Rindwick, a longtubed descendant of Aaron and Moses and Co. was offering tbe long odds about " All Sorts." Tom took it in fivers, won heavily, ai.d now be reckons that "all sorts "is about as good as they make 'em. Council Clerk Farr tried to paralyse the Sports Committee with a liberal donation. But it waa no good. They would have accepted twice as mnch and then " smiled " all over. Jaok Morris is beginning to fly round, as a municipal election is on the carpet. He is warming the track for Albert Anthony, and hopes are expressed that he will not " forget tbe buss." One elderly matron is quite indignant at the idea of having an " An o'.d buffer's race; " because her John is anything but an " old buffer;" and he is going to run in it. Bain is badly wanted ali ronnd Smithfield. There was a shower early in the week, but it only temporarily laid tho dost. Trade has been Tery dull since Christmas; and there is not much sign of it brightening j ust y et. ' 