Hagley. The members of the Hagley Debating Club met but Tuesday evening to express their regret, at the loss they had sustained in the death of Canon Adams and to show their sympathy in a letter of condolence to the Widow and family; Mr Adams has been president of the Club ever since it has been formed and his loss is felt very much. Mr Hardie and Mr G. Scott spoke in very touch ing terms of the rev gentlemen, Mr Scott said he was the first Secretary of the Club, and all the time he had been in the Club he did not once know if Mr Adams hurtings one member's feelings. The Debate which was to have taken place, was adjourned for a fortnight. A lecture, followed by a coffee supper was given on Monday evening in the Montacute Hall, by the Rer D Annear of Westbury. the proceeds being in aid of the Hagley Church fund. There was a goad attend ance, £5 being taken at the door. The sub ject of the lecture was — "Men and Women I have known," and was listened to with great attention throughout, everyone appear ing to enjoy the intellectual treat. Tho rev gentleman's acquaintance appeared to be a very wide one, ranging from Bishop Gee, and the Rev D J Draper, to "miten the murderer" and "Eltham the madman.' Mr J. Badcock occupied the chair and he said he was pleased to see so many people present of all denominations, it showed a kindly feeling existed between us. Several hymns were sung by the choir both before and after the lecture. The chairman proposed a general vote of thanks to the ladies pro viding the good things, the lecturer and the people, after which the coffee supper took place. At the Supreme Court Civil Sittings in Launceston on Tuesday last, the case of J. Bennett (of Deloraine) v E. J. Peterson (of Latrobe) was commenced, we learn from exchanges, Tho action was one to recover £200 money advanced on mortgage, and £4 12s 6d interest. The money was lent in- November last, and was supposed to have been secured by mortgage on land where on Dr Smyth's house was erected at La- trobe, but upon going for the deeds the plaintiff found there was no mention of the house in them, he therefore declined to accept them, and sued for his money back. Mr G. T. Collins appeared for the plaintiff and the Hon R.B. Miller for the defendant An application made by Mr Collins to amend the plaint, was refused by His honour, and the plaintiff gave evidence in support of his claim. The case occupied all Tuesday and Wednesday, when a verdict was returned for the defendant. A meeting of the Meander Football Club was held at Mr G. Harley on Tuesday evening when there were about a dozen members present, and Mr A. J. Harley occupied the chair. The following were appointed members of committee,— Messrs A. J. and G. Harley, J. King, (sec.) J. M'Donongh, and P. W. John stone. The Secretary was instructed to write to Longford and Westbury Clubs to try and arrange for a match as soon as possible. The love of the Australian for a horse is proverbial as only being a degree less than that of the Arab, the Deloraine lads especially have the name for prizing their "tits'' highly, notwith standing the low price of horseflesh just now. Every rule has its exception how ever, and there is one animal about Del oraine which appears hardly able to get on owner at any price. He has been raffled over and over again, and sold and resold, and in each case the winner or purchaser has either failed to take delivery or has offered to get out of his bargain at any sacrifice. On one occasion be was exchanged for a violin, (not a three hundred guinea Stradivarius) but his lucky (?) owner, on seeing the kind of beast of which he was seized or possessed, offered him, and five shillings for his music back, with the steed thrown in his last owner, we learn gave 10s for him but offered him for sale at 2s which offer the vendor refused. Enquiry will natur ally be made as to what sort of a creature this must be, he's evidently not a Match box for whom £15,000 was given the other day, or even an animal fit to carry the most timid sport after N. W. hounds, but when we say that he is bumble footed with his hind legs nearly out in two with striking, that he canno eat through some diseased condition of the month, and the osseons portion of his anatomy is so fully developed that he would not afford the ghost of a square meal to one of Frank Smith's charges, we think our readers will agree with us that the poor bruteis not a possesion to be desired even by the most enthusiastic lover of the noble equine. Commercial Advocate office Friday evening Business in rather slack in produce, potatoes are worth 25s to 27s 6d; potted butter is almost a drug in the market, there being little or no sale for it. Rabbit skins are im- proving a little as the season goes on, and are now quoted at 1s 6d All other lines are unaltered. 