[?] [?] [?] RKRKICT Lewis' Author of "Lady 4 KUdare," "Beryl's Husband/' Edith Trevor's Secret," Etc. CHAPTER XXVIII. — (Continued.) Adlowe spent the forenoon in bed. In the afternoon he oalled at the earl of Hampton's, expressed his regret at the absence of the Lady Beatrice from town, and drove with Lord Hampton in Hyde Park. He dined at his club, and scon af'er, half disguising him self in his snrtont, made his way to the Victoria station, in time for a down train. He booked himself for Limely, and proceeded thither. He had carefully inquired the way of Rush to the Evergreens, and on alighting at the Limely station, he took his way up the road with considerable assurance. It was a long walk, as Giralda had found it, between the station and The Evergreens. Adlowe pissed over the ground rapidly, and halted at last at the massive gate in the high brick wall, to whioh was attached a board, bearing the painted legend, "The Ever greens." 41 I'm all right, it seems," mattered the pro fligate lord, fitting the key Rush had given him. "I'll take a look in at the windows. I'll make sore before I do anything rash. I am armed — doubly armed. If thiB 4 Spanish grandee ' proves to be Geoffrey, we shall see hot work. He opened the gate and passed into the shadows of the dense evergreens. He moved like a ghost up the densely shaded walks. He approached the house. Light gleamed from the windows. The curtains were not drawn, and only thick veils of ivy and climbing plants shaded the panes. Adlowe hushed his breath, and orept closer, closer, into the very shadows of the vines, and peerei into the drawingroom window ! The curtain had not been drawn. They seldom were, save on stormy nights, the per fect shade and seclusion of the place render ing instrueion into the grounds nearly an im possibility. "How pleasant it is !" said the countess, breaking a long silence, with a shiver and a i look of pain. 41 And yet I feel strangely , anxious to-night. Something is wrong with us, my husband. Can anything have happened to Giralda ? I wonder what she is doing !" 44 You are nervous, Beatrice," responded her husband, tenderly. 44 1 think I have a touch of the same disease," he added. 44 1 do not feel quite myself to-night. Our anxieties are too much for us." He drew her head upon his breast, and looked adoringly into her glorious eyes . It was at this moment that his bitter enemy — Lord Adlowe — crept up to tne win dow, parted the vines, and peered in. At the sight that met his gaze, Adlowe reeled as if struck with a mortal illness. He beheld the woman he loved — the woman he had deemed haughty, icy oold in her nature, and heartless — he beheld her like a very god dess of love, brightly glowing, her eyes shining like twin stars, her countenance radiant with a rare happiness, her head pil. low<-d on a man's breast. Aod that man ! How Adlowe's burning eyes searched his features ! Evidently tall, he was magnificently formed, broad of shoulder, deep of chest and majestic of mien. His bronzed, even swathy complexion, his heavy black eyebrows, his black hair and beard, made up a perfect Spaniard in seem ing. Adlowe had believed him to be Geoffrey Trevelyan in disguise. This belief received a sudden shock at sight of him. 44 That man Geoffrey Trevelyan?" he asked himself. 44 Can time have ohanged the bright, laughing boy, of slight figure and delicate constitution, into this grave, dark- bearded man ? I oan hardly believe it. This must be some new complication. Heaven ! how Beatrice leans on him ! How she loves bim ! I wish I could hear his voice !" His glance roved around the room, and rested upon the two boys, who were seated on a oouoh, olose together, the elder brother engaged in putting a few flushing touches to a drawing. TTia gaze might have scorched them both — it was so keen and burning. 41 The elder boy is the lady Beatrice all over," he thought. 44 If that dark count be really Geoffrey, that blaok-eyed boy is the fntnre Marquis Trevelyan ! The younger boy — that lily -faced, golden -haired, bine- eyed, girl -boy— is much like G eoffrey was in his boyhood, only that my coudn had more life and spirit." He pressed his face closer against the glass. The Lady Beatrice turned towards the window — started — stared — then leaped to her feet with a wild and ringing shriek. 44 She saw me!" cried the villain, leaping back. 44 I'm in for it now ! I must face that man before he has time to escape !" He hurried to the front door, and rang loudly. Meggy was passing through the hall, on her way to the drawingroom, attracted thither by that fearful scream, and paused, givinsr him admittance. The next moment, recognising him, she uttered a load cry of fright, and essayed to expel him. He pushed her aside as if she had been a child, and hurried on, bursting into the drawing- room with the force of a whirlwind. CHAPTER XXIX.— A Friend In Need. Lord Grosvenor came nearer and nearer in his fleet little pleasure-boat to the blnff cottage wherein Giralda was imprisoned. He did not speak. He looked up once or twice with a keen and sweeping glance. as ii to assure himself that his movements were not watched by htotile eyes. Giralda listened, toying to catch the sound of his coming, under the load mainour of the waves., At length she heard a low, grating sound, as of the boat touching against the rooks. 44 He is landing," she murmured, pressing her face closer against the bars in the wild hope of seeing him. t( Ah ! Is not that the sound of his steps on the rooks P Or do I mis take the waves for his footsteps P It is he— it is he !" She listened still more intently, straining her hearing to its utmost capacity. Sorely that was the gentle patter of footsteps, as some one climbed the rocks. It grew plainer and more distinct. The climber bad reached the top of the bluff now, and must be rest ing. Again Giralda waved her arm through the bars to guide him to her window. There was a brief silence ; then something grazed softly against the cottage wall just under the window. It was the upper extre mity of a ladder, which the young Lord Lord Grosvenor had found lying iu the garden. Geralda's heart thrilled now with expectancy. There eame a soft sound, as of some one mounting gently, and then the face of her morning's rescuer appeared before the barred window. 44 Gira'da !" he whispered, softly. 44 Miss Arevalo !" . . Giralda reached out both her hands through the bars, laughing and sobbing in a breath. 11 It is I, Lord Grosvenor," she said, in a broken voice, full of glad pulses. 14 Save me — save me!" The young lord took her hands in a warm, encouraging clasp, stroking them softly. 44 You are safe from this moment, Miss Arevalo," he said, with an unexpected tenderness that brought the qniok blushes to her cheeks, and a strange and happy thrill to her heart. 44 You are a prisoner here ?" 44 Yes, yes, my lord. The door is locked ; the windows are barred. TheBe people are my enemies." "Your enemies? I should not dream that you had an enemy in the world," was Lord Grosvenor's impassioned response. 44 1 never saw them, till to-night. You know Lord Adlowe, Lord Trevelyan's nephew?" 44 1 know of him, but I have never seen him." 44 He— he asked me to-day to become his wife," said Giralda, after a moment's hesita tion. 44 1 refused him, and to-night he had 1 , paul gave giralda bis hand and assisted heb up tre steps. - me brought here, to be kept a olose prisoner until I shall change my mind;" " Why, this is barbarous — infamous V1 ex claimed Lord Grosvenor, with indignant em phasis. 44 It is a proceeding worthy of feudal times." " And every minute I remain here is an injury to those I love," moaned Giralda, in sudden and vivid remembrance of her father's peril. 41 Lord Adlowe has gone to work trouble upon my parents. Oh, my lord, can yon get me oat of this prison ?" 44 Yes, and instantly!" responded our hero, ardently. 44 1 could cut these bars with my knife. No ; the wood is too hard. Bittly is a hard and desperate kind of man, but I had better face him and demand your release. A straightforward directness is generally best. Ah, he is astir! 1 have awakened him. Have no fears, Giralda. I will protect you." He listened a moment, hearing movements in the lower rooms of the cottage. At the same moment he detected a fishing- boat, manned by three stoat fellows, creeping round the bluff, . well into the shore. He leaned forward on the ladder, catchingat one of the bars of the window, waving his hat, and shouting loudly : 44 Ho, there, boys ! This way ! Come up here quickly. I have need of you.'' The fishermen looked up, and shouted baok a lond affirmative, pulling in for the shore. The young Lord of Grosvenor was a great favorite with these rough children of the sea, his daring and courage, his generosity to them and the widowa and children of their drowned comrades causing tbem to regard him not only as their benefactor, but as a being greatly superior to themselves. Seeing them coming, Lord Grosvenor rapidly descended the ladder to the ground ; and at the same moment the cottage door opened, and Bittly, a red, brawny and savage-looking man, of herculean propor tions, appeared, half- dressed, upon his thres hold. 44 Who is this making such a row, and waking people at this time o night ?" _ he growled, in a deep, hoarse bass voioe, glaring at our hero. 44 It is I —Lord Grosvenor," was the quick response, as the young lord confronted him. 44 1 demand the release of your prisoner, ILIina aiAV&1a 44 Prisoner!" ejacnlated Bittly, his jaw .falling. "There ain't no prisoner here !" declared Mrs Bittly, making her appearance, also, half-olad. 44 Your lordship's mistakeii \- 44 1 saw her myself at the, window. I have been talking with her. I know that t»ord Adlowe hired you to keep her hi ©lose con finement. .You see I know all. Giveme the keyof the young lady's room." He planted his foot on the threshold of the cottage, and extended his hand for the key, looking -so determined and stern that the woman momentarily quailed before bim. 44 Oh, law !" she ejaculated, forcing an un easy laugh, as she recovered herself. 44 You most have seen my niece — an insane young woman — too low for your lordship's notice " 44 Onca more," interrupted Grosvenor, with a voice like a clarion — 4> the key ! Here oome some friends of mine who will back me." A hoarse cry o&me; from the three fisher men, as they swarmed up on the blnff and rushed towards the cottage, eager to assist their benefaotor. Bittly made a movement to retreat into his cottage and bar the door. Too late ! Lord Grosvenor and the fishermen were in as soon as himself. 14 "Will yon give us the key, or shall we break the door down?" asked the young lord, calmly. 44 Decide quickly !" 41 Here is the key," said the old woman, producing it, and commencing to whine. 44 Oh, my -lord, don't go for to make us trouble. We are only poor people, obliged to do as our betters tell us." Lord Grosvenor paid no attention to her. Seizing the key and bidding the fishermen remain until his return, he flew upstairs, and unlocked the door of Giralda's prison. The young girl met him at the threshold, trembling with eagerness. 44 1 knew you would get me out !" she cried, raising her luminous eyes to his face in a glad ecstasy. 44 Oh, Lord Grosvenor, yon have savedme the second time ! How oan I ever thank you ?" Lord Grosvenor took her fluttering hand and lifted it reverently to his lips. 44 1 will tell you some time how you can thank me acceptably," he whispered. Giralda drew away her hand in a sweet confusion. Somehow his words and manner strangely pleased her. 44 Put on your hat and we will go," said his lordship. 44 1 will take you in my boat to the Eyrie, and thence yon can go by carriage wherever yon wish." Giralda attired herself hastily, giving her shawl and travelling-bag to his lordship, who conducted her downstairs. The fishermen greeted her with a cheer, having made a shrewd guess at the facts. Her late gaolers looked at her with stances of hatred, and the young1 girl hurried out, not breathing freely until she had gained the open air. They paused a minute or more on the bluff , while Lord Grosvenor briefly explained to the men the cause of his summoning them, and distributing among them a handful of silver. Then, taking Giralda's hand, he led her carefully down the rocks to his boat, seating her upon a pile of cushions, and pushed off. 44 1 was out for a sail, and thinking of yon, Miss Arevalo," he said, when he had raised the sail and they were out from the lee of the bluff far enough to catch a puff of wind. 44 How pale you are ! Are you not faint ?" 14 A little. The fresh air will soon revive me," answered Giralda, leaning baok in a half -reclining position. 44 It is the reaction of my despair. The world has looked very dark to me to-night, my lord." 44 1 don't doubt it," responded the young nobleman, in tender sympathy. 44 That Adlowe must be made to suffer for his high handed outrage, if there is any law in the kingdom." 44 Oh, no. 1 cannot make any formal com plaint against him, my lord," said Giralda, sorrowfully and wearily. 44 1 must hear it in silence." 44 Call me Paul," said his lordship, with an ingenuous blush. 44 1 am alcne w the world, and have no one to call me by that name. 4 My lord' sounds so formal from your lips." 44 You must call me Giralda, then," was the low response. 4 Agreed. And now tell me, Giralda, why must yon bear this wrong, this insult, this ontragein silence?" The maiden looked at her preserver, her soul in her eyes. He looked so manly, so honorable, so noble that she was templed to tell him her secret— her father's secret. SKe felt as if she must oonfide in some one, and he, who had twice saved her life, seemed no stranger, but a true and warm Mend. 44 My lord," she said— 44 that is, Paul" — and she blushed vividly, as he could see in the soft moonlight, that - fell fall oh her lovely young face — 44 1 have a great secret — one that concerns those who are dearer to me than life itself. I feel as if this secret would be safe with you. I feel as if I must have some one to talk to to-night or my heart will break." 44 Talk to me &b; freely and unreservedly as yon would talk to a brother," said the young lord, with unobtrusive sympathy. 44 If you want my counsel, I will gife it. At any rate, yonr secret will be safe with me." T 44 1 know Itr My lord — Paul— X told yon this morning that I whs the ward of Lord Trevelyan— his adopted nieoe. I am more— his own great-niece. I am a Trevelyan !'' Lord Grosvenor looked surprised and mys tified. 44 1 thought his lordship had but two nephews," he said— 44 Geoffrey Trevelyan and Lord Adlowe." 44 He had but the two. I am the daughter of Geoffrey Trevelyan." The young lord's look of surprise deepened. 44 Did he not die in Brazil eighteen years aero?" he asked. 3 44 No, he is living to-day. The secret is known to but few. Lord Trevelyan does not know that I am really his relative. He does not dream that his hated nepaew lives. Bat Lord Adlowe knows all. He threatens to strike me through my dear parents if I refuse to marry him." 44 The wretch !" said the young lord, with energy. 44 Paul," said Giralda, with increasing earnestness, 44 you have heard of Geoffrey Trevelyan — my dear, wronged, innocent father — you have heard that story which stained his spotless name, covering it with infamy ? Let me tell yon the trath." \- In an impassioned tone, with truth and love beaming in every feature, Bhe told him the version of the sad story as she bad re ceived it from the lips of the Lady Beatrice. She painted the vile character of Lord Adlowe ; she told of her father's years of hope deferred, of her mother's trusting, clinging love, and of her own resolve to clear her father's name of every stain. Her voice broke down in sobs before -she concluded, and it was no detriment to the unsullied, noble manhood of the young lord that his tears fell with hers. Her manner and her words had carried conviction to his soul. 41 It was Lord Adlowe who contrived that scene !" he ex laimed. 44 How it was done, I cannot tell ; but the assault and robbery were the result of a foul conspiracy against the honor of Geoffrey Trevelyan — perhaps against his lite. Had the marquis's wound been serious, and had he died, Geoffrey Trevelyan's life would have been forfeited, and Adlowe would have stepped into posses sion of the estates. How strange that Lord Trevelyan never suspected the truth !" 44 Oh, Paul, he trusts Lord Adlowe, although he affects a contempt for him. He is not fond of him. He does not love him, but it would be impossible to oonvince him of the truth, as I have convinced yon. I have thought of telling him sll the troth, but he would only cast me off, and hasten to have papa arrested. He will never be convinced of papa's innocence save by the most com plete and positive evidence. There was a man who could have thrown light cnthe matter — who could have cleared papa's name. He was Lord Adlowe's valet,- and his name was Negwyn. I have heard that be went to Australia ; but he may have died there." 44 Yon think it wonld not do to tell Lord Trevelyan the whole truth as you have told it to me ?" suggested our hero. 44 1 know it would not. Listen while I tell you how I happened to oome to the Park." She then told of her hidden home, her con viction that she ought to support herself, her journey to the Park in seaich of a situation, and her utter ignorance that she was going to her rightful home and to the presence of her kinsman. She told how she had won his lord ship's love from her resemblance to Geoffrey Trevelyan, 6ome of the particulars of her journey to London, and finally of the will the marquis had made in her favor. 44 1 can never tell him now, you see," she said, sorrowfully. 44 Lord Adlowe insinuated that I had been sent by my parents to the Park to win Lord T revelyan's savings. The marquis wonld think the same if he knew who I am. My uncle Trevelyan is apt to judge people harshly." 44 1 know he is. He was embittered by this belief in his nephew's ingratitude," replied Lord Grosvenor, who thought with others, that Lord Trevelyan was hard and bitter to the very core. 44 You have a heavy burden to bear. Giralda. I wish I could bear it for you. You spoke of your mother. Geoffrey Trevelyan, I heard, was betrothed to the Lady Beatrice Hampton when he dis appeared. 1 have fancied that she always kept herself single for his sake." 44 My mother is the Lady Beatrice Hamp ton," said Giralda, simply. 44 Her marriage has been kept secret. Until last week I did not know the truth. I am telling you all I know, Paul." 44 The secret is buried with me, Giralda," said the yonng lord, with a look and manner that declared that she might rely on and trust him. 44 The Lady Beatrice Hampton your mother! Until this morning" — and he blushed again ingenuously — 44 1 thought her the most beautiful woman in the world. I have seen her otten, Giralda. She has visited oar family, and knows me well. And you are her daughter 1 I have always loved, the Lady Beatrice, and I shall love her more now than ever." . . Giralda did not .ask why. A silence fell between the young pair, and the boat drifted on over the white-capped waves in the moon light, tacking now and then, and every moment drawing nearer to the Eagle's Eyrie. Giralda nestled her head on the cushions, and thought of all the manly perfections of her young rescuer; and while he managed tie sail and mused on her history, his heart 1 eat high with love and admiration for her. It was true — his first love, &nd;_the love of his whole life had come to him on this deso late coast, and already was strong within his soul a desire to win this pare and lovely girl, so full of innocent witcheries, so tender and grave and earnest, for his wife 1 He dared not tell her yet of this resolve, lest he should frighten her, and thus defeat himself. Giralda roueed herself from her reverie as the boat entered the shadow of the tali bluff on which was perched the Eyrie. She noticed now a little rooky landing and stairs cat in the rooks, leading by a winding route to the top of h steep cliff. Her companion ran the boat into a little cove at the foot of these rude steps, and secured it to an iron ring which was there for the purpose. Then he gave her his hand with tender gallantry and assisted her upon the stairs. 44 1 fear you are ill," he said, anxiously, as they slowly mounted, hand in hand. 44 Your hand islike ice. Your face 1b flushed; irith fever, All this excitement has been too much tor you. _ " I umcnly very tired, I think, said Giralda, in a faltering voioe, a& a strange sensation of weakness came oyer her. A ehould like to rest." . ... i She paused a moment, leaning against the rock. The young lord hesitated an instant, mid then drew her lovely drooping head to his breast, gently compelling her to lean against him, his soul thrilling with delight at her gentle dependence upon him. Then, as she stirred faintly on his bosom, he lifted her and carried her In his arms to the top of the stairs, placing her on a stone bench at its summit to rest. Giralda smiled and thanked him with a weariness she could not disguise. She looked around her, noticing that she was almost at the portal of the Eyrie, and that green terraces, with gleaming marble balustrades, stretched along the bluff and to the east in an inland direction, and that flower-gardejis, a shrubbery and extensive grounds lay be yond them. . i'ne Eyrie, as has been sail, stood on the very edge of the bluff. It was well named. The bluff octtage, seen from it, seemed a speck far below. The view of land and sea was magnificent and far reaching. The building or buildings, were of grey stone, of considerable extent, which had gathered to gether turrets and towers, wide windows, balconies and great projecting oriels, all of which aided to form a picturesque whole. _ Lord Grosvenor opened a door just behind Giralda, disclosing a long, wide hall suited to a baronial castle. "Come in, Giralda," he said, offering her his aim. " The air from the sea is too cold and damp for you." Giralda arose, not venturing to dispute his tone of gentle authority, took -his arm, and was conducted along the hall to a pleasant room, called the " oriel parlor," from the fact of its possessing an oriel window that the red beacon light she had noticed was still burning, swinging by & chain from the ceil ing. ' This is my favorite sittingroom," said his lordship, wheeling a couch up near the fire, and gently compelling Giralda to occupy it, he removing her bonnet with his own hands. " The first thing you need is food. I presume you have not eaten since morn ing.'' "I couldn't eat," said Giralda, stammer ing. " I thought so;" and "he young lord gave a quick pull at the bell. 44 After you have had food, what then, Giralda " I must go home — I must warn papa." "Ygu are not fit to travel to-night. Let me plan for you. Lord Trevelyan loves you. He is doubtless half frantic at your disap pearance. He does not know your secret, aud i do not believe Lord Adlowe wants him to know it yet. Bo not give up the work you have undertaken until you are absolutely compelled to. Let me take you back to the Park as soon as you are sufficiently rested.'' 41 But papal Poor papa !" 41 1 will go to him. I will start by the morning train. I am acquainted with the Ldy Beatrice. Lst me go, Giralda. You are not able to make the journey." Giralda smiled assent and breathed a sigh of relief. She was about to give him the address of her father, and to ask him to telegraph at once a warning to lh8 Ever greens, when the door opened and the house keeper entered. She was a plump, motherly woman, whom Giralda liked at the first glance. That glance was returned with a long stare of surprise, the woman being unable to conceive whence the young visitor had come. "Miss Arevalo," said the young lord, " this is Mrs Latten, my housekeeper, au excellent woman, who will take good care of you. Mrs Latten," he continued, turning to the housekeeper, 4 this young lady is Miss Arevalo, the niece of Lord Trevelyan. I found her but now in great distress on the coast. She is tired and ill. See that she has supper immediately, and order the carriage to take her to the Park." The young lady ought not to stir out of the Eyrie to- night," exclaimed the motherly dame with emphasis. 44 She will lie ill in earnest if she doesn't rest." 44 Then send a messenger to the Park to assure Lord Trevelyan that she is in safety, and that Bhe will return home in the morn ing," said his lordship. " See that the man goes at once." The housekeeper bowed, and went out with a heart full of pity fer the pale and sad young stranger. 44 She shall have such a supper as she never had at the Park," she thought, hurry ing along the hall. 44 The poor dear 1 How sorrowful she looks, and she but a child that should be playing with her dolls !" while she despatched the messenger in haste and harried to prepare supper, Lord Grosvenor extinguished the red light, in the window, and drew a seat near to his lovely young guest, who smiled up at him grate fully. 44 As I said, I. will star t f or The Evergreens in the morning," he said. 4f Yon must have bo more anxieties, Giralda. : If you woulc. only let me shield you from them all ! How, give me your father's address, and rely upon toy earnest efforts to warn in time." CHAPTER XXX. — The Rising Sun of Love. A feeling of delicious languor orept over me tired name of Giralda as she reclined on fee couch in the oriel parlor of the Eagle's Eyrie, and a delicious sense of dependence on her gallant young rescuer succeeded to her late bitter and terrible isolation. Lore! Grosvenor, with a.tender thoughttulnesa be fitting a woman, having drawn from her the address of her father and transferred it to his pocket tablets, exerted himself to expel from her mind all unpleasant thoughts, treating her recent imprisonment as an odd adven- -tore, ®®d gradually leading her from it to measanter subjects. He had succeeded in bringing more than one smile to the pale, lovely face, exquisitely beautiful even In its weariness, when Mrs Latten, the housekeeper, returned, followed by a maid. A round table was drawn up near to the fire, reUeved of its books, and spread with a cloth of snowy damask, which fell to the floor on every side. A costly silver tete-a- tete service was then disposed upon the table, and duhes of painted porcelain succeeded. / An exquisite httle supper was fceh brought C, L V- In, the maid dismissed, and fLe housekeeper proceeded to wait upon the table in »rwn. _ 44 Do not rise, Miss Arevalo,' said Lord Grosvenor,. astixalda made an effort to do, so. 44 Let me wait upon you." - , ' .. . He ran and brought cushions, with wniep. he propped her up into a half-sitting posi tion, he then wheeled the conch nearer to the table, and hastened to carve for her the daintiest section of broiled birds and to load her plate with delicacies. _ Giralda made an effort to dojuetice to Mrs Latten8 cookery, but it was a vain one. She was too nearly exhausted to desire food, dub sipped with feverish eagerness the cup ol fragrant tea brought her, aud then sank back upon her pillows. « 44 You can take away the things, Mrs Latten," said the young lord, his own Appetite gone. 44 Please see that the blue room is got ready at once." The housekeeper bowed assent, and hastened to clear the table and to withdraw. 44 1 do not lika to go away, leaving yon so ill, Giralda." said Lord Grosvenor, with tender concern, when they found themselves again alone. 4 I shall be very anxious about you while I am absent." 44 It is only fatigue, I think, Paul, said Giralda, her heart flaiteringvun&er; his ardent glances. 44 Your going will make me welL I shall soon recover from my exhaustion if my mind is at rest." Let it be at rest from all anxieties from this moment, then," said her young host, taking one of her hands in both of his. 44 Hear me, Giralda. You have faith in me r Yon trust me I" 44 As I would trusty my darliag mother !' exclaimed Giralda, with a sudden and un controllable impulsiveness, looking up at him with a confidmgness that went to his soul. He dropped on his knees beside her couch, gathering both her hands in his, his face glowing with impassioned feeling. 44 Giralda," he said, his voice trembling with his sudden emotion, 44 you have been working alone to clear your father's name. From this moment I will devote myself to the same holy cause. The aim and object of my existence from this hour shall b3 to clear all stain from the reputation of the wronged Geoffrey Trevelyan, and to promote a recon-5, oiliation between him and life uncle." Giralda started up, all joyful excite ment. " Oh, Paul !" she said, growing radiant. 44 You believe in papa's innocence, then ? You will help me prove that innocence to the world?" 44 1 believe in his innocence of all intended harm or ingratitude to his uncle as 1 be- believe in my own existence !" exclaimed Lord Grosvenor, solemnly. 44 1 believe him to be a muoh- wronged man. I believe that he and Lord Trevelyan have been but the victims and dupes of Lord Adlowe. And I devote myself to the work of proving to the world that my con victions are true. Giralda, let us join hands in this sacred task. I will know neither peace nor happiness until Geoffrey Trevelyan stands clear of all suspicion, re stored to his rightful position, with his wife and children acknowledged before the world !" Giralda clasped his hands in unconscious fervor. 44 Oh, Paul!" she murmured again, and now her eyes filled with glad tears. 44 You make me so happy !" 44 First," said the young lord, still in his impassioned manner, 44 we will collect evidence that shall prove Adlowe's guilt and your father's innocence ; then we shall shower these proofs upon Lord Trevelyan. We will humble his awful pride ; we will soften his hard, proud heart. He shali welcome your wronged father with remorse, and tenderness, and love !" 44 You will help me to do all this?" asked Giralda, all aglow. It will be as easy to you, Paul, as my rescud from the swollen creek, or from my prison at the bluff cottage. Dear papa fcas found a friend — a powerful friend !" 44 And his daughter has found a lover !" whispered the handsome young lord, shocked at his own temericy, yet not able to resist the glorious beauty of those pleading violet eyes, and stirred to the depths of his being by her trusting confidence. 44 Do not be angry with me, Giralda. I have frightened you. You arenot angry ?" he oried, as the young girl withdrew her hands from him, covering ber eyes. 44 Say you are not angry with me, Giralda. I have spoken too soon— too suddenly ! I should have waited until you had . known me longer — until your father's fortune had brightened. Idiot that I am, I have ruined all my own hopes !" (to be continued.) 