WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. H. H. JHNNTNOS live* at; N<>. 211, Main Streot, Bridgeport, and Mini Minnio Parrot boards with her. This house is an old onu but in good order. Olio lii^ht early in December (hSDl) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. Tliey left thorax burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house hui^hiii^'ami talking. Hut »8 thoy went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a seeond. llight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. Tins upper part of Ida faco was concealed by a mask, his eyes glenm ing through the holes in it. 11 is whirl-sleeves were rolled up, and in onu hand he earned a long old- fashioted pistol. The women lie screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in live minutes later ho found no one in tho parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " 1 had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doso by what seemed like the calling of my name ;ani at the foot of the bed stood the imagu of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and tainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and tho local old women gossip said it was a summons and I would never get well. Vet I did and am in perfect health now. L believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it is more three years ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the neives will play on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Poke-down, Hants, wrote us as follows :—" 1 was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me. yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the tetter for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold ami dead. Hy-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but Bkin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought 1 should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking, ^he told me she was herself once just as badly oft', and was cured by Mother Seicel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by tho end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left mo." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and Bhock at tho violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrnp had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions arid sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come fiom the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what iB natural and wholesome. 60-tf 