CHRIST CHURCH, MOUNT OAMBIBE. INDUCTION OF THE REV. G. E. YOUNG. From tbe departure ot the Rev. B. T. Craig, D.D., in July, 1893, until Thursday evening last, Christ Courch was without a duly in stituted iBOumbent, The delay in the appoint ment of a clergyman to the charge of tbe pariBb, although longer than waB at the firBt anticipated, was not the fault of the congrega tion, but arose from circumstances over which they had no control. On the departure of the Rev. Dr. Craig the Bishop, who was goiog Home, engaged to find a clergyman in Great Britain to fill the vacancy, and in due time selected the Rev. R. MacDonnell, B.D., of Dublin. But thia gentleman, although he vUited the district at Christmas time, con cluded from what be experienced and heard that the climate would be too severe for bitn, and declined the appointment. When tbe BiBhop returned from England and learned this he sought for another minister, and eventually chose the Rev. G. E. Young, of Kapunda, as a man well fitted by ability and experience to give satisfaction to the parish and restore the cause of the Church in the district to its former position. This gentleman accepted the charge, and it was arranged that he should be instituted as incumbent on May 3. During the ten months that these arrangements were going on the Rev. T. Worthington, B.A., was stationed at Mount Gambier as priest in charge of the church, and by unceasing effort and wise dis cretion secured increased interest on the part of the people in the church and its services, and gave much satisfaction to many parishioners. As the Bishop was unable because of other duties to come himself he appointed tbe Ven. Archdeacon Farr, L.L.D., his commissary to carry out tbe induction of the new clergyman, and it was announced that it should take place at the evening Bervice on Ascension Day (Thursday, May 3). The Rev. G. E. Young, with Mrs. Young and two members of his family, arrived here on Wednesday night. A considerable amount of interest was shown in the evening event, and a large congregation assembled in the church. The office for the in stitution of an incumbent of a church bad never previously been carried out in this town, and in view of that fact a short sketch of it may be of interest. At half-past 7 the Rev. T. Worthington, the Rev, G. E Young, the Yen. the Archdeacon, and Mr. H. S. Needham (lay reader), in their white robes, with the Wardens of the church (Dr. Johnson and Mr. E. Warren) entered the church from the northern door, in the order given, and marched up tbe aisle to the chancel. As they entered, the choir, under the guidance of Mr. G. Shakespeare, struck up hymn 215, "The Church's one Foundation," and the congregation rose and sang it. The usual order for evening prayer was then followed, the Rev. T. Worthington leading the prayers and Mr. Needham reading the lessons. The service was choral. The psalms sung were cxxii., cxxxii., and cxxxiii., and the lessonB read were Ezek. xxxiii. 1 to 10 and John x. 1 to 19. After the third collect the Rev. T. Worthington presented to the Ven. the Arch deacon (the Bishop's Commissary), who waB sitting in his chair before the altar the Rev. G. E, Young, certifying that he had been lawfully presented to the cure of the congregation and parish, and praying, that having been duly ad mitted thereto and licensed, he might be insti tuted into it. The OommisBary replied-" Let the form of the Bishop's licence be now read aloud." The Rev, T. Worthington complied. The licence set forth-" George Wyndham, by Divine permission Bishop of Adelaide, to our beloved in Christ, George Edward Young, greeting. We by these presents give and grant unto you, in whose piety, sound doctrine, discretion, and diligence we are fully convinced, our licence and authority to perform the office of priest in the district of Christ Church, Mount Gambier, and of Holy Cross church, Mount Gambier, within this our diocese and jurisdiction, and perform the duties pertaining to such office of priest as incumbent of Christ Church, Mount Gambier, and prieBt in charge of the Holy Cross church, Mount Gam bier, with the mission districts attached to these churches, you having first, before us, made and subscribed a declaration of submis sion while a member of the Church of England residing within our diocese to all lawful ecclesiastical authority therein," &0\. It was dated April 27, 1894, and was signed " G.W., Adelaide." The Commissary then called upon the senior Warden to present the incumbent with the keys of the church, and Dr. Johnson stepped forward Baying " In the name and on behalf of Christ Church I do receive and acknowledge you, the Rev. George Edward Young, aB prieBt and incumbent of the same, and in token hereof give into your hands the keys of this church." The Rev. G. E. Young replied-"I, George Edward Young, receive these keys of the House of God at your hands as tbe pledges of my institution and of your parochial recognition, and pray God I may be a faithful shepherd over you. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." The Commissary Baid-"The Lord be with you," and the congregation fervently responded-" And with thy spirit." A short prayer for God's favor and help waB then offered by the Archdeacon, after which the Lord's prayer was intoned. Then the Arch deacon received the incumbent before the altar and presented to him the Bible and book of Common Prayer, saying " Receive these books and let them be the rule of thy conduct in dispensing the Divine Word, in leading the devotions of the people, and in rightly and duly administering the holy sacraments; and be thou in all thingB a pattern to the flock com mitted to thy care," A collect for the Divine blessing upon the new incumbent waB said by the Yen. the Archdeacon, after which hymn 147-" Hail the day that BOOB Him rise "-was sung. Then The Yen. the Archdeacon ascended the pulpit and read the words of 1st Timothy v. 1-" Rebuke not an elder, but entreat him as a father; and the younger men as brethren." Here aud there, he said, we got a glimpse of the organisation of the Church in the time of the Apostles. These words were directions from St. Paul to Timothy, who was bishop at that time, as to how he was to treat thoBe who were elders, presbyters, ministers, or, as they some times called them, priests of the Church. He was to entreat them or counsel them as a father, while the younger men, who he thought although he was not quite sure'of it- might be deacons, were to be treated by him as brethren Before applying the words to the congregation, he explained to them what the ceremony of the institution of a minister to the church (which was new to them here) represented and how it arose. In the old country, whose follow ing and teaching they generally adopted, they found that when a clergyman was appointed to any cure, there were two parties to the ap pointment-the patron and the bishop. The patron, to whom tbe benefice belonged BS re garded its temporalities, gave the new minister, through the wardens, the possession of the free hold of the church, and from that time he was the freeholder, the possessor, the incumbent, as they said, of the church. On the other hand, the patron could not give the minister spiritual auth ority, buttheBishopgave that to him. They bad preserved in South Australia tbe second form absolutely, and the firBt form in part. The keys of the church were presented to the incumbent as a token that from that time he waB in possession, and the Bishop by bis com missary or by himself in presence of the deaconB instituted the incumbent into the benefice, and declared that from that time forward he was to be their spiritual pastor. That was the meaning of the ceremony. That the Bishop would entreat the incuinoent as a father would no doubt be true, and on the other band the people would have, on their part, to see that they dealt with him as one who bad been bo placed over them. FirBt of all, let them consider what hiB office towards them was. They muat remember it was an office which not only gave bim a right but made it bis duty to speak to them in all matters pertaining to spiritual things. If he should see the membars of his congregation going out of their way, leading lives careless or indifferent, or it might be even worse than that-ungodly; if he should see the members of his flock dispersed and led away by doctrines which were not the doctrines of Holy Scripture as explained by the Church to which he and they belonged it would be his duty to warn them with regard to these things. It was not for him to say simply " I will pass the matter by; let the thing right itself." He was bound, if he could see that he could do it with anything like effeot-for discretion would have to be used, no doubt-he was bound to do what he could to keep them from wrong-doing, and lead them in the right way. They must remember too that there would-be tirnea of trouble and of sorrow in the lives of all of them, when they would find his ministrations of great comfort to their souls, if only he should prove to them as they anticipated he would, a good faith ful minister among them. That would be part j of the work he would have to do among them. They would expect him to visit from house to : house, to listen to every tale of trouble pre sented to him, to be where the sick were, where the dying were, and to enter into the sorrows of those who had sick and dying in their houses and more than that, to enter into the joys of thoBe who were joyful-M t0 rejoice with those who do rejoice and weep with those who weep." One of the trials that from time to time atfected the heart of a minister of the Gospel was the change in a very short time from trouble to joy-the ministering to those who were sad and then again ministering to those who were happy and cheerful; the continued change of thought and mind which he must undergo if he were to sympathise entirely with ! those amonff whom he laboured. If they reflected on these things tbev would come to i eee what it required to be sufficient for tbem~ they would see that if a man would do the work ; &8 well as it should be done he muat be no i common man, but a man W6ll read in tbe I hearts of his fellow creatures, who was quids ! to aaoty theugfeta gag bq&i;^ mM Sg their desires and apeak to them as man spoke to man, and bring them comfort in the name of Almighty God. There were such men, although he admitted they were few; bub there were many who, although they could not fully succeed, would do their work well aB a whole. And if they should find in their minister such a man, who through infirmity or unwittingly should make some mistakes, yet who did everything out of a sympathetic and loving beart, they would do well to take him to their hearts and make much of him, and «?ive him the power to help them the more by showing him they appreciated his help. And if there should be, as be said, an unwitting mistake they Bhould not harshly and carpingly criticise if they found the man had done bis best amongst them; and if from time to time there had been »n error made it was not for them to fiud fault with him They would believe him, (the Arohdeacon) speaking as one who for nearly 50 years had had this work more or less to do, when he said that one of the hardest things that could happen to a minister of God's Word amongst a people was to feel that his work was being unduly and oaptiously criticized. He would ask them not to do it, but to look generously, gently, andforbearinglyon anything they thought a mistake, and remember that their minister believed it to be best, and if it should be an error it would be amended as soon as he was convinced it was an error; but to feel that here and there there were words of biting criticism, of complaint, of murmuring amongst the people was to throw the greatest damper they oould on his work, and make it harder-* far harder - than it would otherwise be. Neither must they let him feel whilst labouring amongst them that be had to be over careful about the means of providing bis daily bread. They knew that the clergy were debarred by law in England, and by custom everywhere, from using the ordinary meanB of providing, or adding to their means of providing, for their daily bread. They depended on the contri butions of their people. They had to give the whole of their labor to the people, and not endeavor to add to their means by working out side, which would take away from the time they should devote to their holy calling. Therefore, it was necessary they should have some income guaranteed for the clergy laboring among them; such incomes as would lift them beyond biting care and pinching want. He counselled them not to let their contributions to that end fall behind-not to let him run into debt because they bad not placed the means of paying that debt in his bands. Let bim feel they were anxious to help him, and on the other hand expect him to do what he was required to do for them. If in God's good providence they had placed over them a man possessed of the love of Christ he would be a blessing to them in their religious life. Let him ask them as they went away from that service to think over some of the things he had told them. Let them make up their minds that the man who was set over them in this place in spiritual things should have their warm sympathy and cordial help; that as he labored among them, so they would labor for bim; and if at any time the inclination came up to say-" Why does he do thiB ?" or " Why does he do that ?" let them put it back for a time, and doubtless as time went on they would see reasons for his actions they could not see at first. Let bim have their cheerful sympathy and help as long as he labored among them. The service concluded with hymn 353, and ft Bhort prayer by the Archdeaoon. 