TEE LITTLE OLE GENTLBMAN. . . " Talking .of that j'/said -Mtv: Wilson# -getting api'ttiid';p6ling -/the" fire/ yfjprN- — ously;-rm$nds/no dent that bccurted'Vo/mViri/my. young- days." > ' r //>V-!/':7/ fritA enona'tC fllA linnG: nn'ulAn AC ikn' Walisend - Arbls", ; at 7(36s'sop ' ort : the Sore, where there is a snug ineoting of tiie Commissioners -of: Public Sewers for the ' district-. -The small silver- headed old gentleman , who is - poking the fireisnretiredsurgeqnof the town ; his colleague is 'r Golpnel Bo wster of ; Cossop' Priory, - a -'tall, grizzled, exr cavalry . officer ; ' ahd . . the , ,red-fa'ced, . inerryrlobking.-man- i Aitlio -corner . is a local. law'yer, the clerk to the board. Wine'and'bisc'uits are on; tlie table. Therie' is nothing patitioular. to be done, but they are. bound by -Act of Parlia ment to sit' till', two -'o'clock; and - ib is now barely one. '--cr ."It ..'wouldn't' / dp;'. to., snioke, I sup pose?"; isays tho . colonel, looking dole fully dutfof th'e'window ; a wet drip ping day, : ,a High;'streefc deserted of passengers, depressioti prevailing everywhere. " It : wouldn't do to smoke, eh ?"> / ' " Well," .replies the, lawyer doubt fully,' " perhaps it .wouldn't bo quite regular, ehi— What'Cld: you say, , JJir. Wilson?" - " Personally, I haven't the slightest objection,!' replies Wilson ; but' whether public opinion would quite . sanction the members -of a public board — on public, , business- — - -' What do you think, colonel;?" " No,' no,;- 1 .see./that — I quite see that,". said -the . colonel, relinquishing his hold of his cignr- case, and yawning -dolefully. . " Try a pinch of snuff, colonel," said Wilson,' producing -a /-little horn snuff box, and tapping the lid with his : kr.uokje. K i' Public opinion can't object , to snulTL" , The 'colonel' stretched oufchis hand for the snjiff-box; ; took , a pinch, and then examined' the box in a listless way. .-... " That box,1' went on Wilson, " is connected with a, curious incident in my early life." . V " Well,- let's hear it, Wiison," said , the colonel, good-naturedly ; " any- thing's better than sitting here doing nothing,".. . i !;.' ' " Well,' ;when I ' first joined the : medical- school of - S fc. ' Joseph's," began Mr." ' /Wilson, ' seating himself by the fire With .a glass of sherry, in his hand, which' lie- sipped now and.thon in the pauses of his narrative—" when I first joined -the medical school, and mader my '; acquaintance , with the dis- sectiiig-table, - there was a person in' .tho/habit' .'of frequenting tho 'dissecting-room Whose posi tion ; and . calling were ., for a long time a puzzle to me. Ho .was a lino tall man; -well dressed, generally in a blue' swallow-tailed coat with brass buttons,-'a-> canary-colored waist coat, "white: kerseymere trousers, and Hessian' boots ; iquite a buck, in fact ; and he. HvoUld walk upl and down the room dangling a great- bunch of seals that hung at' his fob,- and gave himself as mdriy- airs; as Queen's physician; Tho professors -seemed to know him well,, and treated ; him .-with a sort of sarcastic deference ; he would often be. called .'out, .rand'; closeted with the authorities, of ,/ tho school;: .'Alto gether he ; held .- an : important, although unrecognised, position at St." Joseph's!, The ' elder students when I 'asked, them about him only mystified mo and at. last my curiosity becaine'so strong that I determined' to satisfy it at the fountain head. So, one day, when I happened to , be alone with him in the dissecting-room, I said' to him : "Mr. Blackstock." (that was the gentleman's name), " I see you here a great/deal ; pray;. excuse me for asking you what is the exact position you occupy in the medical profession %' He turned rather red, and looked down upon me in. a huughty kind of Way, i ( " Sir,"?.;ho said, " I' am' 'Pur vey or-gbrieral' to the Faculty !" ' ' Purveyor exactly,' said, the colonel, - as- Wilson!. paused - to sip his wine. 1 ' Had 'om in the Crimea, I re collect— provided' medical stores, and so on!/ . Ah; jt'our' ' friend was a pur veyor, then;' Wilson ?.' ' ' " Aha I not thot'sort of a purveyor, colonel.' Perhaps you "might make a guess 'at! his /particular line. Give it up, eh ? Well, sir, they wore subjects — subjects, 'as- wo called them; in plain terras— bodies." ' '' ;/ ' ' " Bodymniitoher, eh ?" cried the lawyer. ' "Ought to have been hanged."'' - Well, -I 'don't know whether that wasn't his eventual fate; but there were many -.worse, fellows than Black- stock, I'll- tell -you a little -incident that illustrates liis /kindness of heart. I think I may almost say that he saved my life. ' . "j- must toll you that Blackstock hail .'it tie dog, called Bingo, the most p.v . .i'dinury clog you ever saw. He was a yollow dog, of a sickly, unwhole some young fellow without a particle of hair on his body but a tuft at the tip of his tail. He was always with his master. " I mention Bingo,'" said Wilson, with a low chuckle, " because ho's necessary to my story ; and I may remark, that notwithstanding his "re pulsive appearance, there was some thing very intelligent — I might almost say human— in his expression. And.yet, he was morose in disposition, attached to medical students, whom ho recognised with marvellous instinct, but to tlio rest of the world, sullen and defiant-. But to proceed. One evening, or, rather, I should say one morning, at a very early hour — between two and three — I happened to be returning .with: a friend, one Jackson, from some scene - of gaiety, to jpy rooms in Marylebone. On our way we passed the church of St. Giles Ovorreach. Perhaps it wasn't Saint Giles; for/ my memory is not always accurate.! on these minor: points, but, anyhow, .a church with a largo ; churchyard' About it, that was surrounded by.- a' high wall, on the top of . which .was a yery spiky chevaux; do f rise. The public footway ran ' close ; beside; this wall, ' h|irdly,;- a." foot in - width and , the roacl was ye'ry1.bad' - just.' then;/in: fact, .'at' that season '. of;; '/tiie ' :ye'ar -/-mid-wiater— aniiupassable!.,slpugh or/quagmire.' -It ls notyesterday Iain' .talking ; about, ,mind; yum# in/fact; ;it wtis:befoi'0,.t he;- time;ofi, 'Street :(:'gas-- , lamps. .; ; .The'-ioad was qimlv, lighted :yith 'an ' oil 'lanip that/ swung in a .bracket frohi 'tho "'churchyard' 'Avail, ' and //the. . next light was round; the' corner, quite out of sight. 'Well, my friend and I were //pushing / along at'full speed, in a very cheerful mood,/ 'laughing.and. singing j but when, we cam'o to the foot of the church wall, all looked so gloomy and ' ghost-like, .the black dank wall, the /sullen'Jamp throwing a sort of sickly gleani on, the sea of mud below, that, involuntarily we grew silent and came to I a stand. - ' Here goes, Jack !' cried my friend, and scampered hastjly 'along the footpath,' whilst I 'followed him at full speed. It was narrow enough; and some of the -/stones.; -were loose, and if you lost your..balance .you were up to your knees in black mud ; so that. I had : enough to./ do to see where .I'put my feet without . looking aloft. All of a sudden, rapbang l' struck my head against something— some thing that gave way, and swung back wards and forwards, hitting, me at each swing, and bringing me to a com- ploto standstill. Well, I/ cast", hiy eyes aloft-, and saw, perched on the top of the church . wall, sitting on the cheynux de frise as comfortably as you, : colonel, would sit a '/saddle, a little' man in black; who ' was holding a/ rope in his hand, and from this rope hung a long narrow package, wrapped up in black tar paulin— the package, in fact, aguinst which I had knocked ray head." ' : ! "A body, probably ?" suggested, the colonei. /: " A very fair inference," said Wil son. " Well, I must tell you tliat it was ..an Vunderstood tliirig ! in-; /the! profession that, none., .of us should take . any - notice of anything of that kind. Public /. feeling: was very high on the! point,/' and. I wouldn't hiivo given sixpence for . the life of anybody caught in -tlio, act ; whilst the true instincts of .humanity! demanded that the medical schools should have the means of teaching practical anatomy. So I should have scampered on, and taken no more notice, but-, as ill-luck vfould- have it," a dog began to ; bark from inside the churehyard. It was impossible, to mis take that bark — it was Bingo's. . Some spirit of- misohief entered into mo, and I. cried out in a rough, disguised voico : ' -What, Blackstock, are you, .busy, then, to-night?' and ran on. . For a moment my voice seemed to have struck terror into the hearts of the: resur rectionists. The body came down to the ground with a crash, and, turning round, I saw the little man/ sitting astride the wall,, " like one stupefied. But .the next' ' moment he : dropped, softly down and pursued us. >- Well, we ran on like the" wind- — we /were: both good runners-— and yet wo could not shake off, those pursuing footsteps. ..The faster we went-the faster they seemed to follow'; and T assure you my blood: ran cold in my veins,- l,/'tur,hih'g,sthe' corner of the street, , iye met a . party of the -watch with staves and lanterns, --'at; whose appearance our follower hastily decamped ; .and having explained to the watclmien- that . our: flight was a mere youthful frolic, we/ reached , niy friend's, lodgings in safety. . I sat for some time within,, talking' o or the adventure, and then made my way to nay own rooms,' which were'.at the. end of tlie next street-, looking : over my shoulder at every corner to make sure that I was not- being watched. , " Well, gentlemen, when I reached my own door, imagine my chagrin to find that I had lo3t the key. It was a largo street-door key— latch-keys were little in use in those days— and I could not think how I had managed to lose it ; but there was . the fact ; it was gone, and I was locked out in/ the, street , this/ cold, - drlaryi. winter's:, night. . I :knobked'" a'ncl knocked in vain ; my landlady siejjt at the top of the house, and was as deaf as a post. I roused tho neighborhood, but made no impression f upon, her. Then I returned to my friend's /lodg ing ; but had no better fortune there ; and, tired and cold, I . was obliged to patrol the neighborhood for three or four hours before I could gain admit tance. I was not without fear; that niy friend of the churchyard might be dogging my footsteps; y'but i. saw nothing to excito further alarm. ' Ap parently we had thrown him off the trail altogether. " As soon as I got back to my own rooms I wont to bed, and did ifot get up till nightfall. Tho cold seemed. to have got into my very bones.' Imthe meantime my landlady was loud in her complaints ngainst me for tlio loss of her key ; and us soon as I rose and. had dressed I was obliged to go to a neighboring locksmith to try arid replace it. But the locksmith had no key that would Gt ; and I found that it would cost as little to have the lock replaced as to have a key made on purpose. I ordered a lock, therefore, very unwillingly, for it would cost four or fivo shillings, a sum that I could ill spare. I was sitting in a meditative mood, . depressed by rheum, and chagrined at the waste of so much money, when the locksmith, who had left the house "half an hour before, having taken the measurements for the lock, returned, and asked to see me. " I have good news for you, sir," he said, smiling; "tho jcey hus'been found, ftnd you will be able to got it back for : nothing. . . Such a nice, merry, | old gentleman has found it, sir ! I've brought him with me to see you, and I'll bring him upstairs, if you'll allow me." A. merry old gentleman he proved to be; with tigh tly-3 trapped tronserr,- very/' curly brimmed hat and a spencer. ;/.-!'/!! !.,'.- - V" : " Ah, merry dogs 1" he. cried, when he saw . me.' ' " Gad,- I. wish I was young agnin. Oh, what games, what jolly, games ! Keys'! bless my heart,' , what do ; we care about keys ; fling, 'em away, in . the., street, . bless my' heart !' ' And so the old- gentleman 'ran on.' The lodksmitli'topk his leave.'; .but tho 'merry..,dld, /fellow remained, -laughing and chatting away., \- I 'jThcn' you -.really have found my key, sir ? ;!' I am yery much/obliged by! / the/trbublo ybu:h'ave taken. 'Pray, how; did-, you find me but?'1 - - ; ./ : - - " Hqj.hal'/ cned the old gentlbmari; ";lbsea\vatch,gotothe'\va'tchmaker; find "a key,/ go/to' the locksmith:" .: ! " And .will you kindly let me have my.koy ?" ... / ,. ." All in good time', in' good/time. It' isn't here, my boy.; I liadh't a pocket big . enough. '. F should havo-been'. obliged to/Hire a coach 'to carry it ; ha, ha !; You must come and fetch it, that's the 'fact. -./ Come and crack, a. /bottle with - me;, you. and your , gay .young friend ; jolly .dogs,/;ha, ha 1" ; " I ' was little /"disposed to turn out ; but my new -friend was so press ing in. Jus invitation ; and being anxious to recover, my key I was persuaded to accompany him. We called upon my friend, who being a gay young fellow, nnd fond of wine, made no objection to a bottle ; and so we accompanied the oid-gentle- man home in a coach which he hired,, to his house, full of life and merriment all the time. , ! . " The old gentleman's house hardly corresponded in appearance; with the character . of its owner. It was decidedly dark and gloomy, in a low- lying neighborhood, somewhere near the river. . But the old gentleman had boasted so much of his. cellar, and had given us ; in". his ,/; conversation such glimpses of his hospitable way of life, that wo did not doubt we should be well entertained, notwithstanding the unpromising look of his abode. , \- " Now, my boys," ho cried, pushing us in before .him, "first door to the right-. . And I'm away to the cellar to get a bottle of my very best. In tho meantime .refresh yourselves with a pinch of snuff ".. Hegaye us acandieand his snuflLbox, the identical little box I now hold in . my hand, and left us in a / low/rbbfed, villainous-looking chamber, its walls black with the dirt of years, festooned with cobwebs, and furnished with only a few broken chairs and a table. "An eccentric, evidently," said my friend, /when the old gentleman had left us alone ; "rich, too, I'll be bound. Perhaps, as ho seems to have taken a fancy to us, the "old ' fellow will make us his heirs." . . " Ho kept ; us waiting so long that we began to be uneasy — late at night, iti a strange place, the aspect of wiiiclv was ! not reassuring ; and .yet we could not doubt the respectability of the Jittlo old gentleman. Pre sently wo!, heard his! voice as ; he sang and shouted merrily, and he re turned, carrying in one hand a bottle, and. in the.other swinging on his finger niy key. As he entered we noticed, for tlie first time, a tremendous scar below his right eye, the result, as it seemed, of some old wound; ..'.'Now, my lads, I won't leave you in this old lumber room any longer; come into my own -little snug, and we'll crack a bottle, ' and make a merry niglit'of it. /We've got the key, we've 'got the; key — And we won't go home till morning: i" shouted the old gentle1 nia'n, 'in the most" hilarious voice, snut'ehing up tlie candle and leading the way through a door at the further end of the room that -'opened' into a dark narrow passage. J ust lis lie entered the passage the old gentle man, as if 'by accident, dropped-the candle, so that everything' was in prc- found darkness. ' ! " Come along, come along ; we shall find a light at the other end," called the okl gentleman nierrily. "Give me your arm, young sir, give-me your arm." : ' "I was following- him without tliought or hesitation, as was my friend, when all of a sudden I heard, from' what seemed tlie bowels of the earth just in front of ine, the barking of a dog, it was Bingo's bark among .a ./thousand./ Back, \ buck !' I cried, /(recoiling ' with such foice that I dragged / .the " old gentleman sove- ral paces backwards ; he lost his hold ; I heard a cry, a splash. 'Back, back!' thrusting my friend into the room wo had quitted. The door behind ushad not swung to, for Jackson had not passed Iqnito through into thepassage, and there was such terror 'and warning in my .voice that he sprang back, instinc tively, and regained the room we had /left. The door wenVto with a bang ; it closed with a spring-lock, and there was no means of opening it. We stood together in the darkness, our arms clasped together,: not daring to' niove to one side or the other, lost some pitfall might open beneath us. We saw at once that we had been entrappe'd'into this house to be made away with. We had been lured into an oubliette, from which wo should hardly escape with life. Wo had been hunted down by the body- .snatchers,: whose safety demanded our destruction. . " At this moment a light appeared beneath the door by which wo had first entered, and presently tho door itself was opened and a fuce appeared, pale, ghastly, and drawn up with strong emotion, A dog ran forwnrd, barking loudly. Next moment tho dog began to- jumpand fawn upon us. i " Ha, Bjngo I.I cried in a voico that I tried to make calm and assured : "Where's your ' master, Bingo? Whore's the .purveyor.?':". "The man stepped into tho room suddenly, .ind flashed his light upon us. It was Blackstock. ' What ! Mr. Wilson,' he cried, 'Mr. Jackson! Ah ! I neier dreamt it was you. Pray,, what are you doing here ?' . "Wo have como.hore by invitation;" I said unconcernedly, / « to drink - a bottlo of wine with- a little old gen tie- man." " Ah !" /said-NIiiqkstpclr,' , /witli a forced kind f. aqgii -. '-T know him. Have you-beqn i'n/ thore'with him !"— pointing to the passage: " No,".I_said/; He left'iis just now, and /irasn't/conie bdclc. " . " Blackstock ' looked first at me, then at tlio ' dog,-: which iwas'v wrigglinjg and fawning at/ liiy.fcet.'. "Ah," he said, " yqu./were/ a|iyuys kind to Bingo,- sir. Step tlns/way." . / / " We ' fqllp.wed;/ him, /.''cautiously, enough, d own "a fl ight bfatairs, at the bottonvof which hc.flung ./opeu a door which led into/the street./!'/ How deli cious was the bfeatli' of the air upon- our qq.ksj ../,!,/ jj , '../.'.V Goodr" ts;"-' 'stiiHTT J3 iclc -- .stock." " You'll keep ! y our -tongues' bweeri yqur teetlj,/I;/knov/ fdr-your own sakes and another -time. Don't you mention names; sir. ..You've been precious near1 kingdom coihe, . gents, this night.;/ Good/bye.", - ! . . " We never/. saw./ anything more of Blackstock . in /.o'flr '/dissecting-room ;, but -a -few daysAfter the occurrences of that night -wo had. a new subject, which turned out to be "the little old gentleman." Of A.-course, it was no use returning his snuff-box, and' I have kept it ever since, as a memento of an occurrence' I should otherwise sometimes/fancy was but a dream." "Yes, he was a kind-hearted indi vidual, your Mr. Blackstock, ' as you remarked when you began' your story,", said the colonel, yawning violently. "Why, it's two o'clock h i never spent a longer hour in inyTifo. Well, good bye, Wilson ;.. gentlemen, good day ! By tho . way, Wilson, : what became of the key?"- -y.> A\ " I've no doubt it -is/ at the bottom of the river /to :!this/day," said Wil son; with a chuckle: ; " Adieu, my friends." -/- A/:- / -i— ______ 