VISITS TO THE STABLES. \ B " Sterlino." Nor 10.— Mr, H. Haines'. On a bright Sprint: day during the week I turned np at Mr. Harry Haines' pretty villa on the Point Nepean-road, North Brighton, in order to have a look at his horses in the interests of the readers of The Sfobtshan. For among them is Theodore, .a little horse, who is in the Caulfield Cup with 7st 121b, and has been a bit fancied by the public. When I reached the house Mrs'. Haines received me most, kindly, and I spent the time chatting pleasantly, and listening mean while to a marvellous Mexican parrot, geen in color, but in no other way. ow he chattered, cried, sang, coughed, end talked! How he colled the dog. Cosy,, a ; beautiful white Pomeranian, who is falling into the sere and yellow a little. Then he sang "Could I Only Back a Winner," t asked for his breakfast,' sang " Dm in Love with the Man In the Moon;" laughed, sneezed, «A in' went throneh snoh a performihebaS is seldom heard from any bird. Prbaentiy Mr. Haines came in, and, after discussing and doing justice to dinner, while we were waiting for stable time to arrive, that gentleman gave me pome particulars of his. career, which I present to my readers. Mr. Harry Haines hss so long been before this public, and has been so well and honourably known to racing men, both as ad owner and as a metaflician, that those of the olden time perhaps know mote than I can tell them. Bnt to those of the younger genera tion, and to the no- racing public, some particulars of his career may be interest ing. ML Haines was bora in a well- known sporting centre, namely, Chelten ham, in Gloucestershire, England, where there was hunting six days a week iu the country d!? "the Cotswold. Mr. Haines, senior, was a builder in a very large way, and was one of toe contractors for the first Crystal Palace. From his earliest youth " Harry" was fond of, and used to, horses, and his picture as a boy of four shows him on a rare cut of a pony. Intended for the law, he studied for it, hut, while still a youngster, came with _ some relatives to Australia, and went into a merchant's office. Bnt there the old love for horses overcame him, and he Bpent twelve months with the veteran Mr. W. Lang. Next he went to the Ararat gold- field and took to digging, and there met Mr. Joseph . Thompson, who was also digging. He got a bit of gold there— enough to come down with and see the Flying Back win the first Champion Race. Thence he went to PleasantCreek, now called Stawell, where he met Mr. P. Glenister; migrated to Lsmplofejjb, and thence to Daisy HilL He came to town to see Archer win his seoond Clip, where he stayed to see Lan tern's victory over Poet. New Zealand now attracted him, and he at once started as a book maker, being the first that ever called the odds at Christchnrch, fielding on Ladybird's Champion Rsee in 1865. He at onoe became an owner, and had horses there until 1869. Among horses he owned, rode, and trained were The Miller. Numa, Warwick, 8iander. He rode Yatterina (mother of Matchlock) Fanny Fisher, Kaiser, Anniston, Glen garry, and others, winning, among other races, the Auckland Handicap twice. In 1869 he esme hack to Victoria to see Warrior win the Melbourne Cup, and in 1872 bought him, conjointly with Mr. P. Glpnister.ymd won the Darling Stakes at the Spriqg' meeting of 1S72 and the Australian Cup. He look him to Sydney,' where, at one of the big up- country meetings, he fell and was killed. Then in Tasmania he rode Kinglike and won the Ladies' Parse at Lannceston on that horse, and still has the enp presented to him for the victory. There he bought a horse called Phantom, but changed his name to Gameboy, with whom he won several hurdle races. Next he owned and trained Sweet Briar and Mary Glad- stane, with whom he beat Feu d Arti fice at Caulfield. He then bought Diomed, by Manuka, with whom he won the Newmarket Handicap in 1879, and in 1881 ran second with Waterford for tbe same race, and with Euclid had a similar hit of bad luck to Hvacinth in 1882\. In 1881 he took Mata and Cam- ballo to Adelaide. At Horphettville he won the City Handicap with Camballo, who ran into a post in the Goodwood Handicap. At tbe old course he won the Adelaide Cup with Mata, and with him annexed tbe weigbt-for-age race, and the City Handicap, with lOst 5lb, on the second day. Mr. Hsioes says this was a long way the best horse he ever owned, or had anything to do with. With Camballo the first mile, and Cremorae the second, he could not make the great New Zealauder gallop. His pace was terrific, and he could stay for a week, while weight was no object to him. Euclid won the Adelaide Cup, after being right out of it — squeezed right through between Commotion and Pollio — in a desperate finish. Since then he has had many horses, and with Breeze, who is now Mr. Halinbourg's buggy horae, he won several races, while The Ghost, Gipsy's Warning, Coventry, and Firebell won many races, the last pair each winning a Kyneton Handicap when it was a big race. In 1886, Mr. Haines went to England, and there met Fred Archer and his father, who were fellow-townsmen and old friends, and made friends of jstr. Jack Hammond, George Barrett, the well- known horseman, and the late Ifr- Bob Howitt, whom he regards as oapki the whitest of white men. Mrs. Haiyes accompanied him, and both were visiting and staying -for some time at Mr, Archer's and Mr. Hewitt's houses. He' received gnat kindness from Mr. Fry, the leviathan of the English ring, and alio knew Mr. Jack Watts, who steered Ladss to victoiy. Mr. Haines returned to Victoria, leaving Mrs. Haines in Eng land, in time to see Ben Bolt win the Caulfield Cup, bnt did not profit by that hone's victory. He then bought Sur prise out of a Selling Race at Wil- liamstown, and won the Oakleigh Handicap with the son of Countryman, and sold him to the Messrs. Miller. Saw the Australian Cup won by Trident, and again visited England, and had a little fielding at Newmarket and Ascot, losing a bit at the former meeting, and getting it hack at the latter. Brought Mrs. Haines back the day before Australian Peer's Derby, whioh they saw. Then purchased Raoul, with whom he won one or two races, bnt lost a host. Bought Surprise back from the Messrs. Miller, to whom he had been a dear horse, and won one handicap and several selling races with him, parting with him to Mr. Sam Gardiner. Bought Tourbillon, in conjunction with Mr. Oscar Barnett, in Sydney, won two races with her, and sold the daughter of Ebbinaon Crusoe to Mr. M. Jacobs. Then came a very bad spec., giving 700 guineas for Spade Guinea, who broke her shoulder in the Melbourne Cup. Since that time he has bad Bothwell, Bodkin, Maggie, Winifred, Theodore, and other horses, with which he has won a few races, while his present string has brought grist to the mill. Mr. Haines now led the way to the stable, which I found situated in a large yard, with a nice exercise ring beside it. It is a very lofty wooden building, lined throughout with varnished pine, aod containing four boxes, each fourteen by sixteen, with a passage in front of them, paved with brick, and ten feet wide. The doors all slide on top rollers, and the mangers are of enamelled iron, with projuckiu rmu bd& b u&r; bviubb hibuii which quite prevent a horse from wast ing his corn. The stables have water laid ons and are brilliantly lighted with gas. We found Harry Barr, the head iadt all ready to receive us, while T. Darby and another smart-looking lad were also in attendance. The first horse shown me was Lord Hastings, a chestnut gelding, marked with a large Tunning star, ana with both hind feet white a bit above the fetlock. He has a beautiful, bold, game head, well carried on a deep crested neck, with strong, muscular shoulders, and good arms, but a splint on a fore leg has necessitated a blister and a spell, under which treatment he has thickened greatly. He haB a good bnt long barrel, and long rounded quarters, with rare gaskins and very square stifles, and good hocks. He is just recommencing work. He is by Hast- ings, a son or wuoerrorce irom rteeoie, by Bylong from Milliner, so is of rare old Sydney lines. Despised, a big, plain bay gelding, by D&rriwell; out of Hecuba, stands fully 10.2-a. He has a nice, sensible head, a light, re&chy; neck, and very deep, plain shoulders ; a big barrel and long angular quarters. His legs are black, with good bone, and he covers a lot of ground. Theodore, by Splendor out of Qneen of tbe Forest, and thns half-brother to' Myall lung, is a bay gelding with black points, not having a white mark. He nas a neat, sweet head, with & look of The Premier abont it, nicely set on a deep but not heavy neck, and beautiful shoulders, deep, but well rounded at the points. His arms are a hit light, as is his bone below the knee. He has a beautiful ran behind the arm, and has a deep, good barrel, with swell ing, rounded back ribs. His loin is very straight and strong, and he possessesrouDded galloping quarters with those bent thighs I am very sweet on, and good, clean hocks, with a very straight drop to the hind leg. Since he ran in the last Caulfield Cap he was turned) ont at Monomeith, and, while there, in 6ome way, injured his shoulder, tearing all the muscles off the bone. For three months he dragged the leg as though it were broken, and an open wonnd, which discharges still, remains. This horse looks, despite this, very fresh and mellow, and is evidently doing as well as his best friend could desire, and is the apple of Mr. Haines' head man, Joe Barr's eye. On a very comfortable bed of hay in the next box was Theodore's faithful attendant, The Gift, a greyhound who just got beat in the dog Derby, and is by Flageolet out of Last Bequest. Tom Darby, the popular light-weight, tells me that wherever Theodore , goes there must this dog he. The main stable contains fonr large boxes, each being 14 by 16, with a bricked passage in front of them, 10 feet wide. Each manger is of enamelled iron, fitted with a bar across the middle, and a bar right round it. Harry Barr learnt his business with Morris Griffin, by no means a bad teacher ; while Tom Darhv, his first lieutenant, got his first lessons at my own hands. The cleanliness and neatness of the stable-yard and appoint ments all show careful supervision, and a nice greyhound sapling by The Gift, Lion, a beautiful St, Bernard mastiff, as well as a nice lot of fowls, showed that Mr. Haines has other tastes as well as that for racing. 