COURT LITTLE JOHN, A.O.E. HABIMONY NIGHT. TaE usual fortnightly meeting of the above lodge was held at the Dispensary Hall, Greeves-street, last Tuesday even ing, at which there was a fair attendance of members. After the transaction of the business, which included the ever welcome initiation of a new member, an adjonrnment seuns made to the concert hall, where one of those pleasing har mony nights for which Court Little John is noted, was very agreeably spent by a large nomber of the brothers and their friends.. Mr. Williams set the ball rolling with. a recitation " G. V. Brooke's Ghost" which pleased the audience immensely. This was followed by a song "Fisher Boy" by Mr Corolane, and another by Mr. Phillips, entitled "Off to America" 'Mr. D. Collier gave "Mona" in fine style and later on in the evening was equally successful in "Jessie's Dream." The humorous side wasalso muchin evidence, Mesers. S. Young, Gi Haywood, Nixon, and "Dad" Williams contributing thereto, the former giving!"McGlosky's White Vest" so effectively that an encore was demanded and acceeded to with ,' That was Me." " (ld Dad" Williams proved quite a host in him self, his "-Long time Ago ".: meeting with such approbation, that his great SToooroO ralt" medley was given as ari encore, which, however, did not satisfy his hearers, and "He tiddled 'em" given in his usual masterly style fairly convulsed those present. He re appeared later on in the evening and again met with a well deserved encore. A selection on the mouth harmonica by Mr. Saddler was a pleasing addition, and showed the player to be a master of his instrument. Mr. H. White was in splendid voice, and his selection 'BI Margeurite" was well rendered, and received well merited applause. "The song that reached my heart," by Wr. Li. Willis, was finely rendered, as was 'SHe thought of Home" by Mr. White,' and "The Miner's Dream of Home" by Mr. Stinton brought a rery enjoy able evening to a close. Bro. Hardie, C.R., acted efficientlyas chairman. 