A WIFE'S HONOR. By theanthorof ' Sworn $oes,'''' Rev'olvinl ' Lights.' &g.; CHAPTER I. ARLINGTON COURT AND WHO ' CAME TO SEE IT. The high road stretched away broad and white beneath the blue sky and cheerful rays of a- very early spring sun. It was lostinene dir eowon oy taking a sharp turn round alhill, and oh the other wound through the picturesque town of Arlington, with its pretty white houses and build ings nestling on the side of a sunny slope, amidst trees and gardens. Stretching away on the other side, all up hill and down dale, with its rich woods and beautiful lake, lay the magnificent park of Arliugton Court, crowned with its ancient castellated mansion. Well might so fair a scene attract the attention of a wayfarer, who came slowly along the winding road, till at length the park palings met the highway at an angle, and the lady— for she was a well-dressed, well bred-looking woman— found herself at the stately iron gates guarding the grand entrance, which led through a nooie grove up tu the private gardens and lawns immediately surrounding the hall itself. What wonder that she paused and stood looking through the gates with an expression of m trance unusual in a stranger ? It seemed more as if she were tracing out, with pained recollections, some once familiar haunt. The woman of the lodge, who was weeding her little garden, became conscious of another human presence, and turned round with a stare ; then, struck by the ex pression and fair face of the stranger, 0-une up, dropping alow courtesy. ' It's a fine place, ma'am, isn't it ?' she remarked. The fair woman started at being addressed ; but answered at once. ' It is a splendid place, indeed ! He should be a proud man who owns n. 'And so he is, ma'am— a very proud man. They're a proud race,' said the lodge keeper, trimming 'a tree branch near her. ' Who is he— the— owner, 1 mean?' ' Not know the master ?' The woman's look of surprise was almost 1-idiprous. ' Why, ma'am, Sir Philip Vivian!' r The gloved' hand holding the iron bar of the gate closed tighter round it. ' Oh, ah, yes ; a fine old -name. Does he live here ?' ' No, ma'am ; he hasn't lived here these many years. The hall's been shut up nearly. He only comes down sometimes for6a few days, to attend to business ; he lives in London, or abroad. He can't bear lo live in the e juntry/ \ ' But^ my gr.od woman, most peo pJe of his position and wealth like to spend the autumn at their seats — hunt, shoot, bring guests.' ' He don't do none o' that, ma'am, 1 '^??BMMIMB«^^M^H^HMBM|^|^ then,' answered the woman, shaking her head. ' The rabbits and hares are not preserved, nor he don't hunt.' . 'Perhaps' he's no rider.' ' Oli, yes, he is, ma'am — the finest you ever saw ; but he's not like other gentlemen. Sir Philip's a gloomy, dark sort of man, I should say.'' ' Not young, then ?' said the stranger, wistfully. ' Lor,' no,- ma'am ; he's seven or eight, and 'thirty, if he's a day, .though he's tall and slight, and wonderfully handsome.' ;'Isiippose this place has been rather neglected?' said the lady, glancing at the weeds on the broad drive. 'Ah, them's all a-coming up toi morrow, returned the lodgekeeper. ' Yes, of course, when the- master don't never live at this place it can't be kept up the same ; but perhaps there'll be a difference now, and they've been doing up everything beautifully this last several months, and now they've sent down servants, and dogs, and horses and carriages. Such fines horses, my husband says, he never saw, and they're all coming down next week— a houseful of guests. Oh, it will be fine.' '? What has made your gloomy Sir Philip change his fancy so much ?' asked the stranger. ' Why, ma'am'— another look of surprise—' of course, he could not bring her home to a neglected, dull place — for the first time, too.' 'Her! .Who?— who?' ' Lady Vivian. Sir Philip married last autumn.' How could the speaker know that her words had fallen like molten lead on that wretched woman as she lean ed suddenly against the cold iron gates her feet must never, again pass ? / ' Married !' she murmured, ' after all these years. Married! What, then, is left me ?' it was well tor her that the woman was bending over the weeds, and went on talking without looking up. ' Yes, 'ma'am, it was odd, certainly ; but they say she is very beautiful and young — quite young.' ^ 'I see,' the stranger said, wrap ping her mantle closer about her ? 'beauty for wealth— the old, old story.' ' I don't know, ma'am. I don't inquire into the business of my bet ters. We're all very glad here, be cause, though Sir Philip is a very good landlord, it's much better for his people that he should come down here sometimes. Look how gay we shall be now that my lady is coming.' ' Who was she ?' asked the lady, abruptly. 'I Miss Tempest, ma'am; I don't believe even the housekeeper up yonder knows much more.' I do not care to ask,' said the lady, shaking her head. ' I must turn back to Arlington again, for I have to catch the next train to London. Good morning.' ' Good day, ma'am.' She walked away up the white road, and the woman came out through the little wicket gate to watch her. ' There's something odd about yonj anyhow,' she said, aloud. ' I've a notion you have seen our place hefore this.' ' Talking to yourself, orvthe ghost of Arlington Court, Mrs. Walsh ?' cried a sweet, ringing voice, and over the roadway came a young and beauti ful girl, with a bright, intelligent face, and a form whose shapely sup pleness spoke oi health and happiness. ' Lor, Miss Rose, how you startled me,' said the woman, turning with an instant brightening of the face. ' It seems such a time since you was in here.' ' I ran across to have a last look. Oh, dear, I'm bo sorry, Mrs. Walsh. All these grand folks eoming, the old house won't be the lame, and I cannot trot about here anymore.' (To be continued.) 