TRANSFORMED. BY' ELLA C'lIIJliVUll GOODWIN* PART II.' you aro not acquainted wicn uouaf' -Baxter, disappointeil. Vndo parsed ovor bis facg. ,Bhram not acquainted with Oolia Ad ? -»»v - havo not aeon hor since she was B oGiliPB|Sp!iod bo, in a low'tono. 'Bueyou obw hot then I' cried Dexter, with' (Hon at thiB now bond between tbom. 'You !-L \Vbo interested to know how lovely she is now, and will let me talk to you about her, will younot? Sho will uecm noaror to me, and not so utterly lost, it 1 may.'' . . . , Yes, yea I' said Mr. Ellison, eagdrly.' 'Tell me all you know ol her I' Then he * looked searoliingly at him, and suddenly held out hig hand, and said earnestly, ' You love her.'' I will do all in my power to help you 'onravoMhe myBtery that separatee you. Dexter pressed bis hand warmly, and found, somo way, a little comfort in tho words. As Mr. Ellison did not explain further in regard to bid acquaintance with Jerome Addington, Dextor iotebore to question him. But after this tho talk between them was always of Oelia, The eldor man seemed never weary of listening, any more than tho \- younger was of tslking. But neither oould find a cluo to tho enigma ol her Btrango de cision, . ' - 'I do not believo the reason is a real one, though Bho, poor child, believes it to .be,' . Mr. Ellison oaid many times. '' It is some thing ho has made her think— though what ? or why ? ' ' And hero ho would fall into a reverie, and S a dark frown would oomo over his face. Ho advised Dexter, however, to ascertain Mr. Addington's whereabouts, if possiblo; and, although tlio young man could see no good which would'reBDlt if ho learned them, since Oelia had declared her resolve unalterable, he finally wrote to his lather, requesting him to find oi)t;wherc the Aduingtons had gone if he oould, or any guide to tnoir present abode. Having despatched this letter, ho grew so im \- patient for a reply that be oould hardly wait ? .tho necessary interval. Ab little hope as there Beomed in any event tho. fact of knowing just where Celia waB would bring her a trittu nearer to him, since . it was bettor than nothing to be certain of ? .her whereabouts. Ho was doomed to disap ? pointment, however. His father replied ? promptly,- and stated that ho had found and questioned Mr. Addlngton's lawyer, but that \- he said ho was unacquainted with his former client's present place of residence ; that be . had at first gone to New York, but had after ward moved from that city, since when all . business relations had ceased between them. Mr.'Hartwiok added to his own opinion thut the lawyer's manner was evasive, and that it was evident Mr, Addington, for some rea son, did not wish it generally known where bo had gone. Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to his friend. , ' Ab'I thought,' the latter remarked, ho had read it. - ' Jerome Addington fears you, and has taken precautions to prevent your following hitn*, should you wish to do eo. Ho - is 'determined to keep you and Oelia apart. Bit do not be discouraged, ? my dear boy. Wo will find him out yet,' ' But'how !' asked Dexter. Mr. Ellison reflected. '-?' 'I' think I will writo to this lawyer,' he re plied, at length. 'It is probable Mr. Ad . diiigtod's instructions related particularly .to those who might, have any oonneotion ' with you. If' I, a stranger from ? 'a distant ohy, ' writo to him, I may. obtain some informa tion.' . 'And if you do ascertain where sho iu what then?'iaekod Daxte'r, wistfully. Mr. Ellison laid his hand on his shoulder la he responded kindly: — \- -'Wewill be .guided by oiroumsianceB, I -iave a, plan, whioh I will disclose when the proper time shall come. Until wo hiave tried _? do not despair.' . His -assured manner made Dexter feel a \- little hopeful. 'How-can I ever repay you if you should : bo the moans of giving my -darling baok to . me ?' .he cried with an' outburst of feel . Ing. ? ? . ' - \- - Mr. Ellison .replied only by an enigmatical look which Dexter oould not fathom. Yet it tome way Beamed to add to his oon'iidonce-in hiB newfriend'n power. , . ' The letter was written at once, amd Dexter \- bad just dropped it-into a post-office boc, and was about to cross the streot, when his heart suddenly stood still, then beat again in heavy ' thumps. .for, walking slowly al6ng cii the opposite side of tho Btrcet . ho saw Ur. Ad dington and Oelia I Neithur obaerved liitn, \- jijd Dexter gazed again on tbat'de*r faoo from whioh the former warm color had #one, ?fafnd oould see' how melancholy h'ad changed places with the bld- mischiev'ournsia iu b'? dark eyes. A horse's head in olose proximity to his own roueod him. to a sense of his envirou tnents,.and, stopping not to hear the oumta of tho driver, Dexter.rushed across tho street, and followed on after Oelia and Mr. Adding-, ton, keeping, ho.wever, at a safo and cautious, distanoe. His heart bled at the ravages the' ' past few months had made upon her he loved so well, and notwithstanding the air of devotion which was apparent in Mr, Ad dingtbn, Dexter felt haired toward him as the cauBe. But he was surprised at oatohiag a look of ? questioningfear upon Oelia's faoe once when she turned it toward Mr. Addington. He \- . had never before seen anything but confi dence and affection in her regard. What could it 'mean? Was it a Boquonob pi the mystery J . t_ ^Bo followed them until they turned into a . .'two street, then, stood at the corner long ?cBoufih to mark the house at whioh they .ent-Miic! ; after whioh he hurried book to. Mr. iGllrton's place of business, and hurriedly and ^otAiswiiat incoherently informed him ot what, hod happened. ? ; Mr. Million's excitement was as great as bis own; bat he calmed himself with an 'e&ori.; - | ' Fujtaru has favorpd you, my boy,' he laid; wiihca tender lingering upon' the last ;t«fO. woiJs; ' Now will you trUBt me and take 'myad\vw?' I 'Ye.?,' .iris tic-xter'B eager reply. _ -'j 'Tfien go — the uooner the better — and de mand (j! Mr. Addington, as your right, a \- waton for Gblia'a abrupt dismissal of the man whorn.nho promlied'to marry. j ' I will,' said Dexter, (Irmly. V Good. I will go with you.' 'You?' surprised. \- 1 think I may bavo some influenco a. with Je.roiBH Addington.' Bl.niTi.fi?-' etnln8'h at this oesuraaoe although he under ?fiKsdsssSKtle vvhatua meant. ~!»«That auVisocn they both stood togethar at 'rVtlia door of th« present homo of Oelia. An elderly woman tusweted tholr ring,_ whose faoe indicated suspicion and ill temper. She had been eelocted to. take old Margarot's place for theso very characteristics, probably, thought Dexter. Sho eyed them sullenly as. she- informed them that Mr. Addington -was out. ; ' We will go in and wait until he returns,' /. said Dexter,. quietly, and pushed his way. by M her through the half. open door. Mr. Ellison H' followed, and they both stepped into the H parlor. ?l ' Well,' snarled the woman, entering after ? them, ' perhaps I'd better send for a polioe Iman. You came into the house more like H thieves than honest men. I tell ypu my f piaster is out, and I don'^know when ho will ^fl^You can watoh ua, if you are afraid of joiur stealing anything,' said Dexter. ' But ? 'ivre intend to wait here until Mc. Addington teturns.' ' What's your business t' sho demanded. I ' Our buainesa is with Mr. Addington,' ' said Mr. Ellison, oalmly. 71 Tho woman glared at them, mattering / somBthing, then flounced out and left. them. ' The two men exohanged a look, but neither I [spoke. ' Doxter leaned'againBt the piano, and |^Ur. Ellison,. after walking about narrowly. Heated himeeit 'in i low onair jiTb^ . whoro ho hoppenod to stop: Ho hud hardly douo so' when Mr. Addington stepped in ut tho door and stopped on tho threshold, his faoo paling as hiB eyeB fell on Daxter. ' Tho back of a largo arm-oliair screened Mr. Elli son from hiB viow. ? - 'It is you, thon, is it ?' said Mr. Adding ton, as soon as he oould recover himself enough to vpoak. Then ho carefully alosed tho door, and, standing before it with folded arms, fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised bate, as he wont on: -4You have aome to pcrseoato my nieco, I BuppoBe. It is manly to follow and annoy a helpless girl 1 U at you will find it is I with whom you will have to doal, not hor.' ' I havo not oome with tho' purpose of per scouting any one,' returned Dexter, steadily, and not shrinking under 'the gaze of the other. ' It was accident alone which brought to my knowledge tbe fa ot of your pressuce in tbis city. But I am not Balified to be dis missed as I have boon without tho least ex planation. I know Oelia loved me oven when Bho sent mo away. For her sake— to spare hor pain— I went. Bat of you I demand the reason whioh oaused her to do as she did. 1 ata not willing to submit without knowing all, because the happiness of my' Iifo is in volved.' Mr. Addington regarded him intently with out answering, and appoared to be debating within himself. Finally he asked, — ' Will you bo satisfied and leave ub alone if I givo you a full explanation {' 'If the facts justify it.' As Mr. Addington waa about to respond, tho door behind him waa pushed gently open. ' Do not oomo in,' he oried abruptly, but too late. Oolia bad seen Dexter, and leaned agaiust tho door pale and trembling. There was anguish and reproaoh in the eyes she allowed to reet on thoso. of her love£ He, no less moved, had difficulty in restraining himself from going to her and clasping her in his arms, Mr. Addington Btood irresolute, gnaw ing his fingers. Nu one noticed Ellison, who still remained oontfealed behind the ohair in his accidental exclusion, Celia was the first to break tho silence. 'It was cruel to us both to come, Dexter,' said Bhe, piteously. ' I told you there was no ho$e. Ah 1 why will you make it eo hard — so hard?' Her voice broke and she burst into tears. At this Mr. Addington sjid sternly, — ' You see, young man, the misery your pre sence causeB. That this sccno may not bo repeated, I will acoedo to yiur 'demand. Culia, dear, ho oamo to insist up:-n knowing everything, and J. now think it best that he Bhould'.' 1 ~ Hi3 tone ohanged to gentleness as he ad dressed her. Eodeavoring to BuppresB her sobs, sho replied, — ' You wished the Becret kept, and so, too did I. But I— I think he has a right to know.' At this Mr. Addington turned again to Dex ter. 'It is a painful disclosure,' he commonced with a harsh, grating sound in his tono; ' I yield to ita being- drawn from me thut she need be no longer troubled by your solicita tions, To be brief, my brother's wife, Colia's mother, died a viclim to hereditary insanity, whioh for generations had hover failed in ics prey. In a Bane interval before her do/i!hjbe made me promise that her daughter should never marry, but that tho curse might end with her. You know now why 1 tried to gnt»rd her by strict seclusion from the possibility of a love affair,' Dexter stood mute with horror. He saw that Oelia waa right ; that the barrier between them was indeed. impaasable; but worse even thuu that waa the thought £f such a fate haugitR liko^a auaponded aword above tho head ot the womtu he' loved. ? . Ho forgot Mr. EUisuu, and everything except that remorse less hand of destiny. ' You understand now, Dexter, how wrong we wero to love,' said tho piu alive voice ot Oelia. Hor face was' hidden in her handker ehief. A .stillness followed tho words. ' Why have you told her this story, Jerome Addington I' . It 'was a Btrango voice to two tliero that broke the silenoe, and Celia looked up itartled to see a_ gray head riBing behind the largo arm-ohair. She gave a cry of surprise aud fright, but surely she had no reason to fear the look she met, which was kind almost .to tenderness, and proteoting. Dexter, recalled to a knowledge of Mr. Ellison's presence, looked at him wistfully, wondering what hiB words meant, but not daring to hope. Upon Mr. Addington the effect of this' sudden ap parition of an unsuspected fourth in the in terview waa strangely marked. He started baok, and then, aa his eyes searched -tho lace, recognition came into his own, and he . stared at him appalled, as if he hod Been a ghost. ' I see you remember me, although it- is many yeara since we havo met, and I have changed raufih einoo then,' said Mr.' Ellison, qui«tly. 'I had not intended to play the listener here, but, a8 it so happened I took advantage of the tircnms'tancss. Had you faithfully discharged your trust, you would' have had no reason to fear m'e as you . do now.' Mr- Addington had lost every partiolo of self-possession. .' He oast a fearful glance around, and his eyes- were full of anguish as they rested on the wondering Oelia. ' I thought you were dead long ago, Amos Ellison,' he Btaminered. ' Why have you oomo to interfere now! Itemember your promise.' 'When her happiness is at stake, that pro mise is nothing,' was the deoided reply ; and Mr. Ellison oamo and Btood in the centre of the room, ' Was not the eaorifice all for her welfare ?' he continued., ' You have made it D6oe«aary that ehe Bhould know the truth now. Why you have done bb you have, I do not know, unless it ia for some reason bo monstrous that I shrink from believing it.' Mr. Addington's head dropped, and the per spiration started out of his temples. Mr. Ellison turned itom him to Celia, and con tinued in a .different tone, — ' My ohild, will you try and think as kindly aa possible of the revelations I have to make to you? Bo' prepared for a great eurprise. I must firBt Bay a few-words about myself. I' have all my life been an unfortunate man. I grow discouraged finally, and after my dear wife died, rather than allow my ohild to be involved in tho fate which seemed mine, I gave her to another — a rioh man who oould rescue her from the lifo of toil she would have had with me, and give her the advantages I knew well I myself never oould obtain for her. My own feelings I put aside for her sake, and bore patiently the sorrow of her loss. Celia, you are that ohild, and I am your father.' Oelia. oast a bewildered glance around, and then something in her heart responded to tho appeal ia Mr. Ellison's eyes, and Bhe went to him, 'I am glad you have come to me, my father,' -ht said gently. Mr. Ellison's face was transfigured aa he put his arms round her. Something of the look was rclleoted in Dexter's, who now seemed to' see a glorious gleam of light breaking through the olouds. All the truth dawned upon him, as it bad not yet upon Oelia. ' I do not quite seo how it all is,' she eaid, alter, a moment of' Bilence. 'You are my father— then you must b'o my uncle's bro ther 1' She looked inquiringly at Mr. Addington, but ho did not Bpeak or glanoe up. - 'Do you understand, dear?'' eaid Mr. Ellison. '''Mr. Addington is ? ' ' Stop 1' commanded Mr. Addington. The pupils of his eyes dilated so that tbe whole eye seemed blaok. 'Let mo-be the one to tell her. That right I will have. Oelia have I ever been anything but kind to you?' ' Never— never, dear unole,' replied tho astonished girl. ' Thon for the sako of the affeotion which haa over existed between us, you oan perhaps try and forgive the wrong I have done you— yes, lor I have, dono you wrong. ? Listen, Oelia. Many years ago, when I wob com parltivoly a youcg man, I was deoeived and betrayed oy the woman I loved.^ This oaused me to bate ana ueflpi;e ttio'whnfa eti, 1st l needed affection, unil i'toou u fuuey tu luliu so mo child and bring her up tu bo true uud Binoorc, ua I belioved othor. women were not, Ghanoe threw 'mo in the way of your father, Oelia, a struggling, lialf frantio man, and you became mino, ' Ab years went on, you grow dearer and dearer to me, as a ohild ot my own might havo been. My love was puro and honest thon. But whon you oamo baok from' school, and I eaw you in the beauty of your woman hood, and knew you to be all I had hoped, my ideal woman, thon, Oelia, I remembered I was not your unole, and loved yo» with a diffojront love.' . At these words Oelia shrank baok' olose to her father, and oovemd her face with her hands. She comprehended now tholooka ot his whioh.of late had surprised and frightened her, and in hor outraged feelings forgot for the moment the shadow whioh his revelation had romoved. 'I loved you, Oelia, 'with the passionate Iovo of a man who might havo had the right had not you believed him to bo your unole,' wont on Jeromo Addington, while all listened intently, Mr. Ellison with pity, and Djxtcr with horror. ' In my jealousy, I kopt you oeolud d, as I thought, from the olianoe of any lover, and I wao already planning'to win you to regard mo in a different light from what you did, when I discovered iu ono ter rible moment that my precautions bad boen in vain, and you loved. In my agony I re solved to separata you from him at all .haz ards, and I did. I mount, when your fanoy, for him had gone, as I hoped it would in time, to tell you the truth— that iny brothor's wife died insane, bnt was not your mothorj and that I loved you.' .Involuntarily, Oelia raiBed her eyes, shin ing with tho gladness of tho fefr words whioh had momentarily blotted out all tho others, to those of her lover, that responded with tho eamo joy. Then sho remembered M\ Ad dington. A shadow crossed the brightness of her face. She hesitated, then sho said, fal teriDgl'y, — ' Unole — lot me call you unole still, for I oan never think of yott otherwise— for tho sake of all that has been, I forgive you tho suffering that you have caused, and— and — pity you.' ' My punishment is eomo,' he returned huskily. ' Some time tho remonibraneo of those' words will comfort me, but now I can only remember that I have lost you. That is penance enough for a thousand heavier uins than mino. Try and think of me as I was. I leave you to thoso who have tho right I bavo foifeited.' Giving her a last look so full of wretohed ness she never forgot it, he turned and went out of tho room and out of her life forever. TeaiB oamo to her eyes as Bbe gazed after him. 'I have no uncle now,' sho murmured sadly. Then she threw her arms around Mr. Ellison's ncok. 'Bat I have found a father I' 'And I — am I nothing?' auke-d D iter. ' You ore my Bon now,' eaid Mr. E lison, and placed Colia's hand in hia. She smiled through hcrtears, and her faeo flushed as ft had not ior muny a d:\v, asD- ter took her from her father's arms and drew her to his heart. Tho clouds wfcMi hung over them passed away, and the hr^ht sun was shining. ( Cnnchl-h',7 .) Several deaf persons, in a Massachusetts rural odminunity are cii«ulatinx a pMfion praying the IiegiBldsUre to give thorn a hear ing. Parson—' Where's your pa, Johnny J' Johnny — ' Well, I ain't toiu' to lie about It. Flu's been experimentin' with ono of these yore parachute things like the man .dropped out'n the balloon with the other day : and last time he tried uii'n' mu's. tim brel' and corae down in the well. I ain't got the courage to go an'- see if he's got hold of the handle. Qaelong mamma—' You can't toast that cheese, Dot, it's too.old.' Little Dot — ' Well, it don't know much if 't is old.' ' Don't know much ?' , , ' No ; jest as Boon as it begins to feel the fire it jumps right into it.' ' YfiS,' said a convalescent and classic patient, ' ove'n-the Greeks suffered with the ? ill-I-ad.' * . ' Possibly,' remarked tho doctor, 'as your complaint was .rather odd-I-sco.' Nothing will put murder into a man's beart'-quicker than to- unsuccessfully try to open a rofaetory car-window, for a pretty girl, and have a man about two sizes .bigger thun he is, step across and .open it almost . without an effort. . - If you must do as the Romans do wlien you are in Home, you should do as the Mil lincrs.do whon you are in Milan. ? ' My dear,' said a husband, gently rous ing his wift^-tho iady woi dangerously ill— ' Mrs. Dellobson called a little while agoand left her love .and sympathy for you. She', seemed deeply afiectcd. ' John,' said the sick lady in a very weak tone of voice, as sho slowly unclosed hei eyes, i ' what did sho have on ?' 'Papa, what does 13 plurlbus unum mean!' - ' It means ' ono of many,' my son.' ' Well, papa, as you . have many children, ain't Ian E pluribus uhum?' . Mother— 'Who has been drinking tbo milk? Tell the truth now I' John — ' It waa me. I wanted to see if it was Bour.' . ' Mother — ' Well, what- if it vrssV' John — 'Why I wouldn't bavo drank it; then.' . — . 