AT MAEKET VALUE. ! BY GRANT AbLEN, Aarfhor of "This Mortal Coil." " Blood Rojal." -Tile Bcnlly«ir." " CUAKBERS'S JoDliNAL." CHAPTER IV-Fbiteiisai. Amenitiks, The season wee waning towards its letter end j Mrs Heeslegrave and Kathleen were on the eve of flight for thvir regular ronudof utumo visits in the country, before roiormng to their winter quarters in Venice, -.hese autumn visiU were half friendly, half pro- fesstonal. It was one of the griefs of Mrs He&slegrave;'s life, indeed, that Kathleeu s vooa- tiou as an artist compelled her to oo ana w> suffer many things which in her mower s eyee were undignified, and almost uulaay - like. Foremost amongst them waa the necessity, when visiting in the oonntry, for carrying her port folio ol sketches along with bcr ; for Kathleen s success was merely a private and looal one ; she depended largely for selling her pictures upon the friendly > appreciation of her own acquaintances. It is tine, being a timid and retiring girl, she never thrust her work incontinently upon her hosts on the contrary, she was nervously shy about anything that looked like self-advertisement or pushing. Still, the fact remained that unless tia vtronr o rnnnd of country visits in the I autumn, she would never have sold most of her | pictures at all ; and this fact, which gave Kath- I leen herself no small sbrinkings of natural ' delicacy, covered Mrs Hesalegrave w a very I different way with sheme and humiliation. For to Mrs Hesslegrave, it was a painful and disgraceful thing that people should kuow her ! daughter had to work for her living at all; in hbb young days, ahe was wont to say severely, young ladies used to paint for their own amusement, not for filthy lucre ' and when ever she said it, with & disapproving toss of the dainty coffee - colored Honiton head-dress, Kathleen had somehow as unpleasant feeling in the background of her heart that it was really very wrong of her to he so badly off, and that if only she had inherited the feelings and manners of a perfect lady, she would have managed to be born with five thousand a year, and nothing to do for it. Though, to be sure, if she hadn't so mauaged, after all, it might with some 6how of reason be urged in extenua tion that the fault lay rather at the door of that impec:able Mrs Hesslegrave herself, and the late lamented General of Artillery, her husband, who had been jointly responsible for bringing Kathleen into tho world with no better en dowment than just a pair of pretty white hands, and an artistic faculty for deftly employing them in the production of beautiful and pleasing images. Oil this particular evening, however, Kath leen was tired with packing ; her head ackod shghtly , ftudehe was anxious to be kept as un disturbed as possible. Therefore, of course, her 1 brother Reginald had chosen it as the nptest moment to drop iu towards the dinner hour for a farewell visit to his mother and sistor. Regi nald was twenty, with a faint black line on his upper lip—which he cilled a i-.oustache— and he was a child entirely after Mis HeBslegrave's own heart ; in his mother's eyes, iudeed, a cou- Bummategentleman. To be >ure thej>oor boy had ihe misfortune to be engaged iu an office iu the City— a most painful position ; MrsHessle- grave's narrow meaus bad never allowed bcr to send bim to Sandhurst or Woolwich and get him a commission in the army— hut that the fond mother regarded as poor Reggie's ill- luck; and Reggie himself endeavored to make up for it by copying to the best of his ability the tone and manner of military circles, as tar as was compatible with the Btrict routine of a stockbroker's office, if collars and cuffs and the latest thing out in octag.ni ties constitute the real criterion of the gentle life (as is the " naive" belief of eo large & fraction of the city), then was Reginald Hesslegrave indeed a gentleman. What thc-ugb lie subsisted in great S art on poor Kathleen 'e earnings, eod pocketed er bora won cash to supplement his own narrow salary, with scarcely eo much a a thank- you— one doesu't like to 6eem beholden to a womau in these matters, yoa know— yet was the cut of hie coats a marvel to Adaiu's Court, and the pattern of his sleeve links a thing to be observed by the stipendiary youth of Thread- needle Street and Lotiibury. Reginald flung himself down in the big easy chair by the bow window with the air of a man who drops in for a momeut to couoEel, advise, asiet, and overlook his womenkiud— in short with &U; the digoity of tho head of the family. He was annoyed that "his people' were leaving town ; leave they must, sooner or later, of course ; if they didn't, how could Kath leen ever dispose of those precious daube of hers? — for, though Reginald pocketed poor Kathleen's sovereigns with the utmost calm of a great spirit, he always affected profoundly to despise the dubious art that produced them. Still, the actual moment of his people's going was always a disagreeable one to Reginald Hesslegrave. As long as his mother and Kitty stopped on in town, he had some where respectable to spend his evenings, if he wished to ; somewhere presentable to whioh he could bring other fellows at no expense to himself; and, that, don't you know, is always a consideration ! As eoon as they were gone, there was uothiDgfor ti but the club ; and at the club, tbat sordid place, they make a man pay himself for whatever he con sumes, and whatever he offers in solid or liquid hospitality to other fellows. So no matter how late mother and Kitty stayed iu toan, it made Reggie cross all the same, when the day came or their departure. " How badly you do up your back hair, Kilty Reggie observed with a sweet Bmile of provocation, after a few other critical remarks upon his sister's appearance. " You put noBtyle into it. Tou ought just to look at Mrs Algy Redburo's hair ! There'6 art if yuu hke. She ; doss it in a bun. She kuowshow to dress it. It's a model for a Duchess.." 44 Mrs Algy Redburn k<?ei)s & maid, no doubt," hie sister auswered, leaning back in her chair a little wearily, for i-he was worn out with pocking. " So the credit of her bun, be longs, of couree to the maid who dresses it." 44 She keeps a maid !" Itoggie went on with his hands on his haunches in an argumentative attitude. 44 Why, certainly she keeps a maid. What else would you expect ? Every lady keeps a maid. It's a simple necessity. And you ought to keep a maid, too. No womau can be dressed as a lady should dress, if she doesn't keep a maid. The thing's impossible " And he snapped his mouth to like a pateut rat-trap." 44 Theu I must beconttut to dres otherwise than as a lady should," Kathleeu responded quietly ; 14 for I can't afford a maid— ana to tell you the truth, Reggie, J really don't know that I should care to have one." 44 Can't afford !" Itoggie repeated with a derisive accent of profound scoro. '' That's what you always say. I bate to hear you say it. The phrase is uulady-like. If you can't afford Bnything you ought to de able to afford it. liow do 1 afford things? I dress like a gentleman. You never sue me ill -tailored or ill- groomed, or doing without anything a gentle man ought to have. How do 1 afford it Kathleen had it on the tip of her tongue to give backihe plain aud true retort, 41 Why, by making vour sister earn the money to keep J yon pat native kindliness and womanly feeling restrained her from eaying eo. So she only replied ; 44 I'm cure I don't know, my dear ; 1 often wonder for I can't afford it, and I earn more thau you do." Reggie winced a little at that, ft was mean of Kitty so to twit him with his poverty. She was always flinging his want of ready-money in his face — as though want of money (when you epend every j»enny tbat fate allows you — and & little more too) were a disgrace to any gentleman! But he continued none the less in the same lordly straiu : 44 You drees badly ; that's the fact of iu No woman should spend less than three hundred a year on her own wardrobe. It can't be done for one ahtiliug under that. She ocgut to aj>end it." 44 Not if she hasu'tgotit," Kathleen answered stonily. 44 Whether she's got it or not," Reggie re sponded at onco, with profound contempt tor such unlady like morality. 44 Look at Mrs AlgyBedburn! How does she do, I'd like to know ? Everybody's well aware Algy hasn't got a brass farthing to bless himself with, yet who do you see dressed in the Park like his wife? S'ich bonnets 1 Such coats! Such a bun! There's a model for you !" 44 But Mis Algy Redburn will some day be Lady Axminster," Kathleen answered with a sigh, not perceiving herself that that vague con tingency nad really nothing at all to do with the rights and wrongs of the question. 44 And I will not." (Wbidh was also to some extent an unwarrantable assumption.) Reggie flashed his cuffs, and regarded them with just pride. 44 That's no matter," he answed curtly. 44 Every lady ia a lady, aod should dress like a lady, no matter what's her in oome. And she can't do that under three hundred a year. Tou take my word for it." Kathleen was too tired to Keep up the dis pute, So she answered nothing. But Baggie had come round to his sister's that night in the familiar masculine teaaiog humor. He wasn't going to be baulked of his sport so easily. 'Twas as good as ratting, at half the ooat, and almost equal to badger drawing. So he went on after a minute: 44 A man doesn't need so much. Hia wants are simpler. I think lean dress like a gentlemsa myself — on two hnndred and fifty." "As your salary 'a eighty, "Kathleen pet hi) resignedly, with ono hand on In ' I don't quite know myself, where tne re meinder'sto come from." , , UeggiepftTtied the queuUon. Ob,Imce» ful went on, " very csreful, you know, Kitty. Imake it's ml7 never to jaste my money. I buy judiciously.. Look »t linM for example. Linen's a very unpoitant item. I require, fresh shirt, of course, e moreing. Even von will admit" (he epoke with aoerbity. as though Kathleen were a sort of acknowledged eooial Pariah).-" even tou wrll admit -hat a sutmlv of clean linen w a neosssary adjunct to a lan'I wearanee. Well how oyoutlunk now 1 menage about mycuffe ? Ill tellyou what I do about them. There are fello nt our place, if you'll believe it, who wear movable cuffs— cufts, don't you know, that come on and off the same a) .collar docs: naety, ePar<Je shirt cuffs. I don't call sucb thinge gentlo. manly. The fellows that wear them take them off when they come to the office, and sup them on again over their hande when they have to run acmes with a client to the Hons— that a what we call the Stock Eschango— or when they ge out for luncheon. Well, I aon t iike sucn waye myself. I hate and deteet all shame and subterfuges. I wouldn't wear a cuff unless it was part aod parcel of my shirt. So Ive in vented a dodge to keep them clean from mrp- fag till evening. As soon as I go into tiw office, I just cut a piece of white foolscap tho exact size of my cuff. ; I double it back, so, over the edge of the sleeve: Ipaesit under again this way. Then, while I etop in the office, I 1 a.v_ . assist Innlr nrtittc much Kecy liio uuvot wu , «>» - — — r - - » « the same aa the linen. That prevent blacks mid smuts from settling on the cuff, and Jceepe the wear and tear aud eo forth f om hurtingthe material. But when I go out, I juBt sup the paper off, so !— and there 1 am, you eee, with spotless linen, like a gentleman !" And he de monstrated triumphantly. 44 A most ingenious dodge!1 Kathleen an swered with languid interest. 41 Yes, it's careful of me," Reggie went on : 44 I'm naturally careful. And by such fitnet bite of economy, I expect in the end— to keep down my expenditure on drees to two buudred and fifty." Kathleen smiled very faintly. 44 Tou don't think a fellow can do it on less, do you ?" Reggie continued once more in an argumentative spirit. , , , " Yes I do," Kathleen replied. 44 1 certainly think so. And if he's a man aud cant afford to spend bo much, 1 think he should be ashamed of himself for talking such nonsense." 41 Well, but look here, you know," Reggie began, 41 what's a man to do ' You just thiuk of it this way 1 First, he must have a dress tuit, once a yearof course; you'll admit that's a necessity. Gloves and white ties— those he needs for eveuiog. Then a frock coat and waistcoat, with trousers to match ; and a black cutawav lot for afternoon tea: and two suite of dittos for country wear : and a tweed with knickerbockers for shooting and so forth : aud a tenuis coat, and boating flannels, and——" " Oh, don't, Reggie ! bis sister cried, shrink ing away and cl&ppiug; her hands to her tichiug bead. 4> You comb roy brain ! I'm too tirta to argue with you." 44 That's just ir, "Reggie continued, delighted. 44 You live in wretched lodgings, with no proper food— your cook's atrocious : aud you work till you'drop at yur beastly 'painting ; and yon tire yourself out with packing your own boxen, instead of keepiog a maid, who'd do it all like a shot for you ; aud what's the conse quence? Why, you're unfit for society! When a fellow comes round to pay you a visit after a hard day's work, and expcctB a little re laxation and stimulating talk with the ladies of his family— be findsyou worn out' a mere boiltd rag : while as to music or conversation, or some agreeable chat— oh, dear me, no ! uot the ghost of an idea of it." Kathleen's patience was exhausted. 44 M dear ooy, hjc naiu, hum nugmj, a n»»n work to keep myself alive, and you too, into the bargain. And if you expect me to supply you with two hundred a year to spend upouyour wardrobe, why, you must at least consent to give up the pleasure of rou6ic in the evcu- ings." What Reginald might have answered to thie unexjtected attack remains an uuknowo fact in the history of the universe ; for juit at that minute the ncat capped little waitiug-raaid of the Kensington lodgings opened the door with a flourish and announced, 44 Mr Morti- The young American entered with undis guised alacrity, aud gazed delighted around the room. 44 Mrs Hesslegrave is out, I hear," he began with meauing, as he took Kathleen's hand. Theu he started a little in surprise as Reginald rose irom the chair where he had been sitting, unseen. 44 But your brother's here," be added in a disappointed after-thought, whose distinct toue of regret mnet needs have struck anybody leas self-centred and self-satisfied than the stockbroker's assistant. 44 Tea, I dropped round to eay good-bye to my people tonight," Reggie auswered with a drawl, caressing that budding black line of his upper lip with all a hobbledehoy's affection. "They're off on a round of visits to the country just now. Hard lines on me ! I shall be left all alone by myself in Loudon." 