[?] NORTHERN TASMANIAN CAMERA CLUB. - The usual monthly meeting of this club was held in the club room, Albert Hall, on on the 17th inst. last when there was a fair attendance of members. Mr. John Sparrow took the chair. The hon. secretary announced that Album No. 25, which had just been bound, was the largest up to the present time, comprising 55 pictures, many of them being excellent work. This was received with much satisfaction. Papers giving information as to the forth- coming competition in the Tasmanian were laid on the table. This being a "toning evening", the remainder of the time was spent in practical work. Stud Cattle.— By the steamer Coogee, ; to- Melbourne on 18th insh, Mr J. C. Von' Stieglitz.-M.H.A., through' the Tasmaniah Woolgrow'ers' Agency Company, shipped a pure young Durham - bull. The animal is being' forwarded to Tbwnsville to be used ' for ' Btiid purpbses at the owner's estate there.0 The bull; which was , bred by Mr William' Gibson; of ' Scone, ! is by the Bire' Nonsuch, and was pur ch ased at. the recent Longford show by ^Mr Von Stieglitz. ?_' Troubles of a Countrt Editor.— The Millicenf Times 61 October- 6 writeB : — ' During the paBt week all connected with the paper have had a severe task allotted to them in bringing but this iBBue. We have been; considerably inconvenienced through the' loss of the editor.'who has been dispatched to ' that beautiful little Beapbrt town Robe to recover from asome , what severe shock to , the nervous system, and otherwise lay up for alterations and repairs, caused through a misunderstand ing1' with' the nag he was driving. It happened thus :— On Tuesday last he went out for a drive for a young lady, .and when nearing home drove acroBs a deep rut, which caused him to take an in voluntary- ; 'Header' 'into the mud, coming through the process somewhat besmeared and shaken;- and 'presenting more the appearance of an'.' ill-used footballer after a wet afternoon's match than the dignified boss scribbler of an important ?journal. The pace he shot through the air was ' not slow, and being much sur prised he lost hold of the reins^ The horse took advantage of -this opportunity to get tibmein; extra quick time, and soon disposed of -the remaining occupant from the vehicle; who got her hip rather^badly bruised, by coming in contact with the wheel. The horse, however, did not stop to see if any assistance was needed, and eventually : found himself struggling for dear life in the main drain with an up turned dog-cart at his heels. - Had it not bee*; for ' Billy,' the office .boy, ^ who happened to be goinR home to tea? at the time, the gig would be firewood* now, as he boldly plunged into the water and set the frightened animal free. If the paper is not quite up to date this morning we ask our readers to excuse any shortcomings. ^±o prevent any wrong conclusion as to how the accident happened it may be mentioned that the^bung lady referred to above is the editor's sister.'' ? -:. '?? ... Cable Canards.— These woula form a good subjeot for an amusing article if any journalist in the off season wants some thing fresh to write about. A flutter of the colonial dovecots in London was occa sioned by the receipt of a message a tew days ago (states -the Home Neivs) to the effect that Sir Edward Braddon had decided to give up the Tasmaman Pre miership and return to London as the Agent-General of the colony. 'Ohloh,' said the overwise, 'he has re-appointed himself to a position which he ought never to have abandoned.'. AlaB. f or the qmd-; nuncs, Sir Edward had merely taken Bteps to induce Sir Robert Herbert to continue to dischargb the HutieVbf Agent^fterieral which ;,.he undertook on Sir ..Edward ?Braddon's retirement.. Everybody,, would ;have been glad^to see; Sir Edwtfrdjback in London— and it is considered probable that his return will not be an' event of the very remote future— though the -joy would [Have. ? been chastened by the- supercession ,of:Sir(ii Robert ;, Herbert in a post he is 'peculiar]y:fitted to fill. , ?;? ; ':''? ,. .Interrupted Bliss. — The; prospective pleasure of a married man, who occupies a prominent position in certain circles in the city,, and,dne which1 should have been of a sufficiently steadying r character to have warned him of ? the danger which attends those 'who have a 'fondaess for iridulg. ing in forbidden fruit, 'was inter rupted, on the evening ' of the 18th. insfc in somewhat; dramatic fashion. It appears t.hat he posse&sed; a. feeling of admiration for another man's wife, and was .continually pressing his unwelcome atteri '.tioris'upon.her, so much so that she spoke ; to : lier ' husband, on the ms t ter , and re quested him to take steps to prevent her jbeing: annoyed in that fashion in future, .la order to do this effectually it was ar ranged that; when again aBked by the gay 'old, dog to make ah appointment she should ^ consent .to go;« with him, arid accordingly a7meeting between them was arranged, / it l'is'~ stated, . at eight o'clock1' on' the' evening' /'of. the 18th iristi. ' at the ' corner 'of York-street -ard St. John-street, and that shift should induce' the 'unsuspecting victim of the plot to walk up York- street, in a right of-way off which the, husband was to wait fbr;th.9 pair. When they arrived at the ambush the husband duly made his appear ance, and matters became warm, a rough and-tumbl e resulting in the in j ured one 'coming off best, who after administering a thrashing to the offender secured his hat and no inconsiderable portion of his coat, which he straitway delivered into th'» pos session of the wife of hisvanquished oppo nent, - What happenedj on; the . lather's arrival home may be imagined better than described, but no doubt it will bea lesson to him and others of a like disposition not-to beBtow their attentions in a similar 'direction, even if 't'other dear charmer's lfaway.'.-. ?.-.-.: . .: ? ; ?i^ ??? -Electoral. Act, 1890.— Notice is given that all i persons . entitled to vote in the election of members of, Parliament whose names are* not: yet ; upon the electoral roll nbwin force for the electoral district in respect of which they claim to vote,or who, being upon such roll, do not retain. the same qualification or continue in the same place of abode as described in such roll, or who claim to be entitled, to vote in respect of an income, salary, ;or wages qualifica tion/and , who are desirous to have their names inserted in the, electoral roll about to be made for such: district, are required to forward to the returning officer of the electoral district in respect to which they claim to vote, on or before 24bh prox., a notice in writing to that effect. A Hospitable Home.— The visit of the .members for the district to the township of Lilydale on the 17th inst. was the occasion of a display of hospitality on the part of a; well-known local resident as appreciated by the, visitors as it was un expected. The party, consisting of the hon. H. I. Rooke, M.L.C., Messrs W. G. Barker and. John Tynan, and two press represen tatives, » drove f rom . town, Mr F. Archer, M.H.A., travelling by rail. On arrival at the township Mr G. Sulzberger met the travellers, and extended to them a warm welcome, accompanied by an invitation to; his residence, which waa at once accepted. It should be stated that Lilydale; holds a somewhat unique position among the country townships, inasmuch as at the present time it; has no house of Bccommoda tion.ihehoteliust now not haying a tenant, so that private hospitality was all the more welcome. The visitors . were soon sitting down to, a substantial and enjoyable tea, every want being catered, for by Mrs Sulz berger, ,whq proved a. most, admirable hostess. 'After the meeting {was over the party again adjourned to Mr Sulzberger's, and when glasses had been charged Mr Tynan rose, and in a few suitable remarks ; thanked the host and hostess for their hospitality, ,and wished .them long life and proBperity^, sentiments which were, heartily endorsed by all the visitors. As soon as the moon rose a start was made for Launceston, which was reached soon. after half- paBt twelve, every one .of the party expressing their- appreciation of the recep tion |they had met with at Lilydale. ; -Bad Eoads.— Several complaints have been made of late to Mr R. Armstrong, superintendent of, the Selby police, by the Wett Tamar Road Trust, with regard to a number of wood carters destroying the table drains on the Eccleston road.'; Mr Armstrong at once instructed Constable Leslie,. stationed at Rosevear'e, to, keep a watch, and on the 8th inst. the constable caught five woodcairters drawing their carts across and along these drains and summoned all of them. They appeared at the City Police Court on the 19th inst., and pleaded guilty, but stated they had to take their horses and carts across the drains owing to the very bad state of the road, it being impossible to get along it. Their statements to this effect were corro borated, by Constable Leslie, and Mr Arm strong withdrew the charges against them. He is now in communication with the West Tamar Road Trust regarding the state of the roada and the way in which the drains were damaged. A Good Bill of Fare.— Lovers of a really attractive programme should have their taste- in this direction gratified by a .visit to the Academy of Music on Tues day evening, when the farewell dramatic and musical entertainment to Herr and Madame Siebert is to take 'place. The contributions will comprise the balcony scene from ' Romeo and Juliet,' and the ghost scenes from ' Hamlet,' with appro priate dresses, scenery, and music. In the concert, Mr Ferguson is down for the ' Bedouin's Love - Song,' one of the finest of modern musical compositions. Mr R. A. M'Eachern and Miss Ida Cox are also to appear, and Mr Savigny will introduce a couple. of new humorous songs recently out from London. Mr Balfe will recite Byron's ' Field of Waterloo,' and the incidental battle music will be played during the course of the recital by the fall orchestra. Mrs O. Balfe will appear in the balcony scene as Juliet, and Mr Hammond as Romeo. In the ghost scenes Mr Balfe is to enact Hamlet, and Mr Hammond the ghost, and Mrs Balfe Queen Gertrude. The box plan is now open at Mes&rs; A. W. Birchall and Sons'. Counsel and the Bench. — During the hearing of a case at the police court on 19th iast .in which a woman was charged with keeping a disorderly house, an incident closely approaching a scene ' took place between; Mr G. Crosby Gil more, counsel for the defendant, and the Police Magis trate. Counsel asked a witness (a consta ble) whether he had heard any complaints as to the conduct of the house in question, and when he answered, in the affirmative requested him, in order to test his credi bility, to give the names of some of. those who had complained. The constable naturally declined to answer, and appealed to the bench for protection, the P.M. not insisting on the witness answering if he preferred not to do so. Mr Gilmore then quoted Roscoe in favour of his contention that the question he had put was allowable, and should be answered, but Mr Whit f eld Etill adhered to his previous decision, which drew from ^counsel the caustic remar; that Ms Honor had better write a law book of his own. No doubt, on reflection, Mr Gilmore would regard his sarcasm as a ' thing one would rather have 19ft unsaid/' &?, to say the least, it was wanting in that respect which, however opinions may differ in points of law, should always be accorded by counsel to the bench. I Archdeacon Hales.— The Ven. Arch deacon Hales, who has for some time been contemplating a trip to the other colonies, but was delayed in departing by unforeseen circumstances, joined the s. Pukaki at Devonport on 19bh inst. The Archdeacon went direct to Sydney and will be absent tor a.few weeks* Returned Home.— The hon. Alfred Dobson, Solicitor- General, and Mrs Dobson, who has been enjoying a three weeks' holiday in Melbourne and Sydney, re turned by the Pateena on Saturday, and left for Hobart by the. express train, i Daughter of! a Friend. — A most pre posseBsing young damsel made her appear ance recently at the hospitable door of Mr Daniel Sheehan in the city, arid informed the occupants that she was the daughter of a dear old friend residing at Campbell Town. Right happy to make the' acquain tance of an offspring of the 'dear old friend ' she was welcomed, and soon found her lot cast in very pleasant quarters. She charmed the city folks, who good naturedly showed her around the lions of the great northern capital, which she visited, as they thought, for '* her maiden day out.' In fact she came, saw, and what is more she con quered those dear friends, who were fearful that they could not extend her suffi cient kindness. The time slipped away quickly ,and the day of departure for the Midlands came all too soon. Suddenly the dear young creature discovered that her little purse was missing. A search was made, but it could not be found high or low. 'It must have been loBt,' so she is stated to have informed her host. ' But how am I to go home? My ticket and money, £2 103, are in it.' A kind heart is ever ready, and as Mr Sheehan: evidently possesses that excellent article, a little gold coin was soon in the damsel's pretty hand-. Thanks, of course, followed, and the train reached, good-byes given, and the homeward bounder had a good look at Launceston as the ecgiae steamed away drawing the carriages down south ward. Four or five weeks having elapsed, and no tidings coming to hand of the safe arrival of the young damsel, Mr Sheehan wrote to his old friend on the matter. A reply came back in excellent time— but it was not favourable. In fact the friend told Mr Sheehan that some terrible mistake mu3t have been made. The facts were then related to Sub inspector Scott, whose keen knowledge of things in general told him it was a matter for an experienced head to fathom out, so he straightaway instructed Constable Martin O'Byrne to take the oaee up. It was soon found by the constable that the young damsel had left the train at Evan dale and had been having a gay old time at a well-known family residence in the neighbourhood. With the assistance of Superintendent Fincham a search was made, but it was discovered the bird had .flown. A series of journeys up and down the line ensued, concluding with, one of O'Byrne's clever captures at Cleveland on ? Saturday} where the young damfiel, who iB alleged to have turned out so bad, was arrested on the' charge of obtaining 10s from Daniel Sheehan by means of false pretences. O'Byrne escorted her back to the city watchhouse, where Bhe was recog nised as Annie Leslie, alias Warren and1 several other aliases. It is farther alleged that she has been before the bench at Longford on a charge of forgery, but released on entering into her recognisances to be of good behaviour. She is about 21 years of age, and has a very pleasing address. W.C.T.F.— Miss A. L. A. Murcutt, W.C.T.TJ. organiser, will commence a cam paign in Tasmania by holding meetings the first week in November in Lann ceston. £The press of South and WeBt Australia gives glowing accounts of her meetings, which have been a great success. Her attractive appearance, pleasant manner, gift of speech quite above the average, won the hearts of the people, and the local papers referred to her as 'a second Miss Ackerman.' In addition to her success in temperance work she aided the cause financially by her iectures on West Australia and its goldfields, J. B. Gough, and others, illustrated by lantern views. ? . .. ? Mishap to Waratah Train.— Under date Saturday our correspondent writes :— The non-arrival of the train from Waratah yesterday at the usual time caused some surprise, and various conjectures were indulged in as to the probable cause of the delay. About 3*30 a telegram was received ' from Waratah stating that [the train had come to a standstill near the Hellyer river through some portion of the machinery of the engine breaking. A relief engine was despatched about 7'30, and returned here at one o'clock this morninp with the dis abled engine and train. The cause of the breakdown was the breaking of the slide valve, and when it was found impossible to . proceed a inessenger was senb back to Waratah, from whence a message was sent on to Burnie for assistance. The mails were sent along early this morning in time to catch the 6 30 train at TTlverEtone,* and as there were' no passengers on board at the time of the mishap no great inconvenience was caused by the stoppage. Veterans. —The past few. weekB have been remarkable for the number of veterans who have passed away. Probably (remarks an exchange) never in the history of Australia have five nonogenarians and one centenarian died in the one month, yet; that is so far the record for October. The names are i — Mrs Bonython, o£ Adelaide, 96 years j Dr. Black, 95 years } the Dean of Melbourne, 96 years; Mr Dunn, of Ade laide, 93 years ; Sir Alfred Stephen, of Sydney, 92 years j and Angus Mackay, at Bowra, New South Wales, 100 years. The ages total 672 years. Mr Macbay , served at Waterloo in the 98th Highlanders, his age then being 22 years. Snakes.— On Sunday afternoon two lads named Frank Webster and Marriott Wells while walking in the neighbourhood of the ?Punch Bowl came across a lively specimen of the black snake tribe. They were accompanied by two dogs— a fox terrier and a retriever. The snake on being disturbed succeeded in gainiug its hole, but the dogs instituted a search and bur rowed into the earth, finally catching the reptile and drawing it into daylight by the tail. The fox terrier then caught it cen trally and Bhook it vigorously. The lads fearing the dogs would be bilt;n took the snake from the terrier and despatched it, when it was found to meaeure fully 3ft in length. Snakes appear ti be showing' plentifully this season, and pede&trianej; ?will do well to keep their eyes open during their rambles. Vick.rega.Ii. — His Exc8lltncy the Governor and YwcounteBB Gormanston, accompanied by the private secretary (Mr H. K. Eawlinsoa), arrived.by express train Monday afternoon, and left by the steamer Pateena for Melbourne en route to Adelaide. The party were received by the Mayor (Mr R. H. Price) and the Town Clerk (Mr C. W. Roeher). It is the inten tion of Mb Excellency to return to Laun ceston by the Pateena, arriving here on Saturday, November 10, and proceeding to Hobart by special train. Mount Bisohoff Exhibition .Teopht. ? The deBign fcr the mineral trophy to be erected at the. forthcoming Tasmanian International Exhibition by the Mount Bischoff T.M. Company has been approved by -the . directors, and the work of erection has already been commenced. The design is to be quitaja depaiture in the way of miaeral trophies, and takeB the form of a kicnk or minaret rising some 36ffc in height, and will occupy a position in the centre of the great hall. It is in Moresque architecture, which lends itself very re markably to the material used in its con struction, The base is square and open on two eides, the other sides being filled in ?with panels containing a description and photographs of the famous mine and its surroundings, and is built with solid ingots of tin weighing about eight tons. Piers rise at each angle from this base and support four Moresque arches, the angles of piers and ribs cf arches being formed in bright metal ; these arches meet in a goined ceiling heavily encrusted with metal. A bold cornice surmounts thie, also in bright and sparkling tin. Above this cornioe the Bupersbructure rises octagonal in form, and iB siirmounted by a cupola-shaped roof carried upon eight arches in the same style as those support ing the groined ceiling below. Internally this cupola shows masBive silver ribs, with intermediate spaces in colour; externally the ribs are also of the white metal, but the intermediate space will be in gold, em blematical pf the wealth arising from the mine. The whole structure will be lit by ten electric lamps, and will present a moBt striking and dazzling effect. The archi tects to whom this unique design is due are 'MesBra Taylor and Cooke, of Launceston, The erection has been entrusted to Messrs H. T. Russell and Sons, of Launceston. St. Mart's. — A very successful concert ?was held in the Victoria Hall on Wednes day, 17th inst., in aid of St. Mary's Roman Catholic building fund, Mr James Rigney, 'Warden, chairman. After the , concert a dance was Btarted and kept up till day treak. Net proceeds, £14 7s. The fol lowing ladies and gentlemen took part :— Misses Brady, Maher, T. Steel, Smith, Messrs Kent, JPitzpatrick, T. Lacey ; also, St. Mary's Brass Band. . Service at the Foeth'.— On Sunday afternoon (writes a correspondent) the Rev. Dr. Brown (general missionary secre tary), of the Wesleyan denomination, preached to a crowded congregation in the Forth. WeBleyan Church. The Rev. J. Stafford took the former part of the service. The rev. doctor gave an eloquent discourse on the living evidences of Christianity as typified in the South Sea . Islands, more paiticularly Tonga, Fiji, and Samoa. Some of the narratives were thrilling; the audience were kepb epell bound. At the conclusion, a collection was taken up for the mission. A Curiosity. — One of o'r local second hand dealers while turning over his stock «' struck' a box of matches which is eaid to ]be at least forty years old, and to have been purchased from the shop of one Ayton, at the period named situated in Oharles-straet. The box is a large one, of circular shape, and contains fully six times the quantity of matches which would be f ound in an ordinary box of vestas sold at fche present time. The contents are in an excellent ofcata of preservation, and a trial of several proved them, notwithstanding their age, to be serviceable yet. They are of German manufacture, and the maker modestly claims that they are ' auperior congreves, without smell and sulphur, from one of the greatest and most famous manufacturers.' An old resident who inspected the box Tuesday corroborated the alleged age of the matcheo, and stated that he had purchased similar ones 47 years back, for which he had paid sixpence a box The curiosity is now located at the tobacconist shop of Mr H. Stoner, BriBbane etrefefc. , , CHUDiEiaH Cavjes. — A new departure ib to be made by the Railway Department this coming season by organising a series of excursions to the beautiful Chudleigh Caves and Mole Creek district. Very few ? even of our local residents are personally acquainted with the beautieB of these isaves, and it is a step in the right direction — for the department to 'oftet indtictrmtitits te- ; city residents, «d& %!)so jfctae /rniTna«-tj6 i visitors we may OKpsot to ;be ?ftjifctwiboA tt- i Tasmania by fcWcowifig Exhib'itidTi.'toipfiS' ' visits to tbe .locality* «a& wbon 'Miofiiwt- ! ronised there is 3»o rtfRCOn whj'fc^hWtM not become as favourite a ro&wt; '«* tifc* Denison O-org*. The -first -of tihos? teiv* will 'bt* run on November 9 -(:Pt«M* c£ 'WaWs Birlih-day), «nd wll **»*. aa * quarter patt nine in the TDasaysjC sad reach the city on the s-etmwi jmhtsst as She convenient hour of SIS, alfcmsg trippers five hours and & half *t tine ciraer ecd. There is a ratied choice of available «car aions from the Mole Creek stetiou, includ ing the Dry Caves, about three miles drive from the statioD, and which are of great extent and well worth a visit; Mersey ^iver, about two miles from the station, a splendid stream with fishing and charm ing picnic spots j Alum Rock, about two miles drive and half a mile walk from the station— a fine pi-»ce of scenery standing some hundreds of feet high, with the Mersey st its base; Wet Caves, about three miles drive. Owing to a stream running through the latter caves, however, they will not be accessible until somewhat late in the summer, probably about January. The Mole Cref k runs close to the station, and affords nice shady picnic spots for those who do not care to visit the caves. Vehicles will be in readiness ta convey passengers to any of the localities named at reasonable rates, and guides for the caves will be available. Cheap fares will be the rule, and for picnic parties who cannot take|theirjown hampers a cold lunch and refreshments will be provided at the railway buildings, bo that it will bo seen that nothing has been U ft undone by the department to Becnre the utmost comfort and convenience for patrons. These ex cursions should prove very successful. Fuller particulars will be advertised by the department. Intercolonial Exhibition of Photo- graphy. — We have received the prelimin- ary schedule issued in connection with the Intercolonial Exhibition and Congress of Photography to be held during Easter week, 1895, under the auspices of the Gordon College Amateur Photographic Association, Geelong, Victoria. A very complete series of competitions open to all professional and amateur photographers of Australasia has been arranged. It is intimated that prize schedules and awards for amateur and professional classes and fuller information will be issued in a few weeks time, including rules and conditions for the guidance of exhibitors. Special prizes, which take the form of gold and silver medals and various apparatus, are announced in the amateur sections. The association would also be grateful for any offers of special prizes. The joint hon. secretaries are Messrs J. Hammerton, C.A. Haines, and G.H. Brinsmead, from whom all information can be obtained. A Mis- leading Light. — On Sunday night (writes ' Burnie Notos') as eome residents of Burnie were proceeding along Marine Terrace they heard voiceB calling from the ? direction of the sea. as if some one was in need of assistance, but the night being very dark they could Bee nothing from the road, so crossed the railway and made their way down the rocks towards the water's'edge, from whence the sounds they had heard seemed to proceed. Much to their surprise they found a boat with all sail set aground on the rocks, and occupied by two men, one of whom turned out to be an old identity here named Tommy Callaghan. It appears that Tommy and his mate left George Town on Sunday morning bound for here, where they intend to pursue the avocation of fishing, and after a very good run along the coast arrived in the bay between eight and nine o'clock. Seeing a light aheid the skipper concluded that it was the new light on the breakwater which he had heard of during his sojourn in Launceston, bo the boat's course was put straight for the light, but unfortunately instead of it being a leading light it turned out a mis-leading one, as it shone from the Commercial Hotel, and the occupants were rudely awakened to this fact by their lithle vessel running stem on to the rocks. Fortunately there was very little sea on at the time, or she must have been swamped or broken up, but with the assistance that arrived the boat was got off and taken round to the ways at the breakwater, where she was hauled up high and dry. Christ Church.— On Tuesday the Rev. W. Law completed the fortieth year of his pastorate of this church, and|ih|the evening a special service of praise and prayer was held. There was a large attendance, and the proceedings were characterised by a very earnest and devout spirit. Tasmanian International Exhibition. — Local exhibitors who intend to be repre sented at the Exhibition are now busily engaged in the work of preparing exhibits. Among those who will be represented in the women's section is Miss Santi, of Tamar-street, who intends sending speci mens of the work done by her pupils. These have just been completed, and present an excellent idea of what little hands properly directed can do. In particular two articles deserve mention— the firat, a piece of kaleidoscopic patchwork excellently put together by Miss Zoe M^Donough ; the second, a drawn thread work pillow sham, the work of Miss Mary Stephens. The latter is an exceedingly pretty piece of work, and the delicate lace with which it is finished off is of real Irish thread, worked up by Miss Santi herself. The numerous other articles comprised in the collection include handkerchiefs handsomely worked and embroideied in drawn thread work, baby's pinafore, a five o'clock tea cloth, adorned with ivory embroidery, bootee?, socks, mat3, and many similar pieces of work which go to show that a small investment by parents in the way of providing materials with which their children may work is not alwayB wasted money. Even the boys have been induced to learn the UBeful lesson of how to sew on buttons, make buttonholes, etc., a very useful accomplish ment where lazy sisters are disposed to be neglectful, or when from various causes in later life poor helpless man io thrown, upon his own resources. Longford.— Our correspondent writes) on Wednesday :— Mr A. Whitfeld, J.P., presided at the police court this morning. William Shea pleaded guilty to the charge of having used indecent language in the public street early the same morning, and was fined £1 or in default 14 days' im prisonment.— Mr David Soown, who is now travelling in the north in the interest of the blind, came out to Longford to-day, and visited several residents afflicted in this manner. . Waratah. — A public meeting was held ; in the Skating Kink on Saturday evening; ' (writes our correspondent) to provide for holding the usual Christmas, sports. Mr j H. W. Jferd. Kayser was appointed chair man. It was decided to have only one - day's sport. The following gentlemen ' were elected a committee of management : t ?—Messrs C. Millar, W. Daley, J. Wilmott, G. Alexander, W; Gittens, A. P. Lucas,, and A. Alford. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. -—The Waratah Band of Hope held a very successful meeting in the Athenaeum Hall on Saturday evening, led thither by the Bischoff Brass Band. The chair was occu pied by Mr H. Riseley, and the following ladies and gentlemen took part:— Mesdames Vial and Lorado, Misses Sectrine and Coventry, Messrs H. Franklin, Vial, and J. and G. Dempster, Fraser, Dibble, and the band. — A very painful accident hap- i pened to Richard Maddern, employed by | the Mount Bischoff Tin Mining Company, i He was engaged with several others in. ; emptying trucks into the hopper when his j mate ran another truck to the hopper, and ! it accidentally went over Maddern'a foot, : crushing it terribly. The manager had the unfortunate man conveyed to the ! hospital, where he is doin^ as well as can be expected, but it will be five or six i weeks before he will be able to get about again. Fire at Hobart.— The. capital seems to be passing through an epidemic of fires. On Tuesday night at 10*10 o'clock, Super intendent Maher received a call to Wil liamson-street, Upper Campbell -street. On arrival (states a southern contemporary) the brigade found two three-roomed weatherboard cottages ablaze, and the roofs burning furiously. For a considerable time the firemen were heavily handicapped by an inefficient supply of water— only a feeble sort of dribble issued down one hose, and did very little to extinguish the fire. At 1040 the pressure was stronger, but not before the cottages were practically des troyed. Neighbours assisted as best they could in keeping the fire from spreading by throwing buckets of water over the flames. The tenements were semi-detached, and separated by some yards from surround ing houses, ether wise the conflagration would probably have been of a graver nature. The houses were owned by Mr J. Harwood, who resides next door. One of them was let to Mr Smith, but the other, which was /acsnt, was to have been occu piBd next day by an incoming tenant, and had only recently been renovated. It was ' in the empty house that the fire broke out. How this came about is not known, but it will form the subject of a coronial enquiry. The two cottages burnt, and one adjoining, occupied by Mrs Luckhurst, are insured for .£160 each in the London and Lancashire Insurance Company (Messrs John Hamilton and Co., agents). The three are assessed at .£800. &r; Harwood estimates that his loss will be only partly covered by insurance. The furniture of Mr Smith was all got out by many willing helpers, and his loss, occasioned by break ages, will be trifling. The residence of Mrs Luckhurst, which is built of brick, ap- ? peared to have escaped uninjured. Treating Resolution.— Hon. members of Parliament are very willing to talk about retrenchment, and to impose it, too, so long as it is on ' the other fellow.'' One of the JKtle things which Parliament was to do without this year was the refresh ment room, and when the Houses opened on Tuesday afternoon the quarters usually occupied by Mr Heathorn were as bare of creature comforts a8 the proverbial cup board of Mother Hubbard. The faceB of some Members when they saw this were dreadful to picture, and worse to look at ; it was not long, too (states the Mercury), before the telephone was at work summon ing the provider of liquids to the scene, and loud were the rejoicings when. he appeared, with Borne comforting looking bottles on a truck fjr the relief of legiBla toriai necessities. Retrenchment broke down utterly in this case ; it , was not on ' the other fellow.' If members sit very many evenings they will be comforting themselves with the electric light again, for the present gas arrangement is abomin able, both in regard to light and heat. Perhap3, however, they will submit to thiB drawback. It is felt most upstairs, and is decidedly on ' the other fellow.' In one case it is 'blow the expense;' in the other case it will be the resolve to con serve it. That feeling of weariness so often ex perienced results from a sluggish condition of the blood. Ayer's Sarsaparilla strengthens and invigorates the Byatem. It is a highly concentrated extract and economical to use. . : 