fienshw Failing's finest, NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. . BY BERTRAM MITFORD, ... Author op ."The Gun-Runner, a Romance of Zulu- land," "'Tween - Snow 'and . Fire," " Through the Zulu Country ; Its . . . : Battlefields and Its People, &e.;" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ' ' ' 'CHAPTER XXXVI. . . , Sellon's Last Lie. : :: .But that he held the key to it in the ;Ehape of : Violet's cominunicntiori, the reserve, not to say coldness, of his re ception by the family, would have astonished Sollon not a little. Now, ihowever, it in no wise disconcerted him ; rather, it struck him in the light bf a joke. "He 'had gon his cue, and xneant to act up to it. So when, his somewhat involuntary host asked if he would mind giving' liim A' private interview, he replied 'with' the jolliest laugh in the . Tvorld. flArtrnnlxr nw ftaar ff»l- Ibw. 'Delighted, "Well, Miss Effie "— ' as that young person, ran against them "in the hall—" here T am, back ; again -ito/tense you, you see.". . ... 1 Where's Uncle Renshaw, Mr. Bellon," said the child. ' v! Maurice stared. The straight ques- "tipntlie straight look':. accompanying 'it,' disconcerted him for. a moment. .. " Renshaw I Oh, coming on," he answered quickly, " coming- on. : 'Be here soon, I daresay." ..He hacl made the same .sort of reply 'to the same inquiry on the part of. his 'host. He thought he had done with ithe. subject. it irritated him to . be 'called upon to.repeat the same lie over and over-again. ' "By the way, Mr. Sellon," began Ahe latter, "did .you get the letter T sent you at Maraisdorp ?" ' Mister Sellon !" Maurice started. Old Ohris. was taking the thing seriously indeed, he thought with an t inward laugh. " Not I," ho answered. " Probably for the best of all possible reasons. I: ' didn't come through .Maraisdorp, or /anywhere, near it." "Before going any further I want you to look at this," said Selwood, un locking a small safe and taking out the 'unfortunate missive; '" Wait — excuse -nie one moment, I want you to look attentively at the direction first." He still held the envelope. Maurice .. took one glance at the address—the handwriting — and as he did so his face .'was not pleasant to behold. .J All right. I know that caligraphy well enough. Ought to by this time. .Ha, ha 1 So she has been favoring you with her peculiar views on things in general and me in particular. You , ought to feel honored," (: ; " 1 ? Favoring me '" . echoed tho 'other, in « state of amazement. " Y 03 — you. I suppose the com- 'Ssunication is an interesting one." ; My dear Sellon, look at the address > again," said Christopher, handing him I the envelope. By Joye ! It's for( me after all," ,'Jpoking at.it. again; . 'j, What a treat! Why the devil can't the woman write , vlegily 1" he muttered. .Then aloud : -'"-Why it looks exactly as if it was addressed to you, Solwood." " Ha — I am very glad indeed to hear you say that. I thought the same. You see, I'd got it mixed up among a crowd of other letters, and opened it by mistake." " The devil yon did !" Yos. I can only tell you how 'sorry I am, and how I have spent life .'cursing my blundering, asinine stupid ity ever since. But there is another thing. I feel bound in honor to tell you that I didn't become aware of tho mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. You will notice there is no beginning. I turned to tho signature for enlightenment; but be tween tho first page and the signature I did not read a word." Sellon burst into a roar of laughter —apparently over the mistake, in reality as he realised how quickly he would bo in a position to turn the enemy's flank. " My dear follow, don't say another word about it. The joke is an exceed ingly rich one. See what comes of our names being so infernally alike. Two sells — eh 1 But you don't sup pose I am going to sfcaw&io; year en- tertainment over this, charming epistle? Not much. . .Just oblige " me with' a match." . V- " Wait, wait," cried the- other, " Better read it "this time— or' at any rate as much of it as it was my .misfor tune to see." ' '.v.; /v..,'.;. '' H'm I Well, here goes;'' , said Maurice, jerking: the. letter out of the envelope as' though ' it wo"uld -burh his fingers! "Quite so," he went on, with , a bitter sneer, running ;hjs eye, down . tho 1 'shoot.. That's about enough : "of., this;;' highly entertaining document, Alio:' '.re'st can bo taken us ! roadj like, a petition to 1 the House of , Criminous. That match, if you -please. : "Thanks. I need hardly remind you, Selwood," ho went on, watching the flaming slieet curling up in the grate,' " I need hardly remind, you how many men, there are in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay, I needn't re mind you either tha't a- considerable percentage of these are 'entrapped and defrauded into /tho concern .;by lies and deception against which it : is next to impossible fbr anynianto guard— at all events any young, man. When to this I add that there are women in this' world who for- sheer, gratuitous, uniform flendishness of disposition could give the devil points and beat him at an- easy riariter, I think I've said about ' enough for 'all present purposes." : > . "This is an awkward and most unpleasant business," said Nelwood, "Excuse mo. if I feel bound to lefer once more to that letter. The— er— writer makes reference by name to luibs avui v, wiiw guesD in my house, and a ..relation of 'my . wife's— and that, too, in a very extraordinary manner, to put it as mildly as I can. -;. y <\- .. -v " My: dear fellow, that's a little way of her's. I "can assure you , I .am most awfuljy put out that . you should have been annoyed about jhe' business. As to the' mistake, don't give it another thought." ., . "How did Mrs.— er— the writer- know. Miss Avory was here? . . This was a facer — not so much the question, as tho fact that the know ledge of Violet's whereabouts on the part of the writer' implied that he, Sellon, had not met her there at Sun- -ningdale for tho first time. 'But ' ho hoped the other might not notice'this side of it. " That's beyond me," he answered. " How did she know I was here ? For I need hardly tell you we' don't 'cor respond every mail exactly: I can only explain it on the score that more people know Tom ! Fool than T.. E. knows ; that there are, I suppose, people in this neighborhood' who hail from tho old country, or have relations there, and the postage upon gossip is no higher than that upon business." "You will not mind my saying that it is a pity we did not know you were a .married man." " 'Had been,' you should liaveAaid, not 'were.' Not but what legally I am still tied - ud fast, enough— chained and bound— whiah has this advantage, that it keeps a man from all tempta tion to make a fool of himself a second time in his life. Still, it doesn't count otherwise." "No, I suppose not," said the other, significantly, "Perhaps it doesn't keep a man from making a fool of other people, though." . ' "Now, my dear Selwood, what the very deuce are you driving At? For heaven's sake let us be straight and open with each other." " Well, I mean this. It's a most unpleasant thing to . have to soy to any man. But, you see, Miss Avory is our guest, And a relation as well. You must know as well as I do that your attentions to her were very — or — marked." One of those jolly laughs which has so genuine a ring, and whioh Maurice knew so well when to bring in greeted this speech. " Look here, Selwood," he said, " I don't want to hurt your feelings, but the fact is you don't- understand women in the least. You are quite on the wrong tack, be lieve me. Miss Avory doesn't care the ghost of a straw for me, or my attentions. You must remember that we both knew — or — the samo people in England. There, you must fill in the outline. I am not at liberty to say more. But there won't be much time to put the matter to the test, for I've got to leave you again to-mor row." To Christopher Sol wood's honorable mind no doubt suggested itself as to the genuineness of this explanation. There was a frauk straightforwardness about it which, with a man of his character, was bound to tell. He felt intensely relieved. But to this feel ing there succeeded one of humiliation, j Had he not made an inordinate fuss J over the concern at the start ? Had he Dot raised a veritable storm in | a teapot, and set everybody by the e irs for weeks ? Had ho not in his anxiety to unburden himself abdi cated his own mature judgment in favor of the less reliable decision of his wife ? In short-, had he not made a I consummate ass of himself all round ? Of courso he had. | " By tho way, Selwood, there is one thing I want to tell you about now we are ' together," saul Maurice, after a pause. " You and tho others were ask ing about Fanning just now. The fact is he is not with me, but I couldn't say: so without entering into further explanations, which would certainly 'have alarmed tho ladies. We found our ' Valley of the Eye', all right, and a deuce of a job it was. Pheugh 1 Iwouldnt go on -that'jamit again for twice the loot. Tho 'Eye' 'is '"a genuine concern, I can toll you — a ' splendid stone — Fanning has gob it. Woll, wo spent the day picking up a fow other stones, and just as we wore clearing out we were attacked by a lot of Bushmen or TTorannas, 'or whatever they were, and had to run. By Jove, it was touch and go. They pressed us hard until dark, and then wo had to sepat ate — to throw them oil' the scent, don't you see ? We agreed to meet at nis place — that is, if we were to meet anywhere again in this world. - Woll, I- had 1 an awful time of it in those 'in fernal mountains, dodging the nig gers. ' I couldn't show my nose in the daytime,- and didn't know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took me more than a week before I could fetch the river, and get through' to Fanning's place, and when I got there lie hadn't turned up. But I found a letter which had been sent by special messenger, requiring mo at Capetown, sharp, about some in fernal but important law business, and I'm on my way there now. I left a note for Fanning, telling him what to do with ray share of the swag when it camp. to dividing, for wo hadn't had time to attend to that then, and except A few small stones he has it all on him. It'll be something good, I guess. I daresay he's turned up at home again long before this... He was just laugh ing in his sleeve at the idea of a few niggers like that thinking to "run" Him to earth. And ho seems to know that awful country like A B C! I never saw such a fellow." " That's bad news, Sellon, right bad news," said the other, shaking his head. " Renshaw has been all his life .at that sorb of thing, so we must hope he'll turn up all, right. But — the pitcher- that goe3 too often to the pump you know.'1 " Woll, I need hardly say I devoutly hope lie will, for if not I shall be the loser to a very large extent,, as all the swag is with liitn. Bub : I somehow, feel certain wo shall hearffrorn him almost directly." ' We may be sure that in narrating his adventures that evening to the household at large .Sellon in no wise minimised bis experiences of the under taking, or his own exploits. It is-only fair to say that he really had undergone a very hard time before ho had succeeded in striking the river at the drift where they had crossed ; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that he had reached it at all. And during his narrative one listener was. noting every word he said with breath less, attention. Whenever ho lookod up Marian Selwood's blue eyes were fixed upon his face. He bogan to feel very, uncomfortable beneath' that steady, searching gaze. But he felt . more so when, his story finished, Marian bogriri to plv- hiin with questions. "A regular cross- examination, confound it 1" he thought. And then by way of a diversion he went to fetch tho few diamonds which he had kept apart to show as the sole result of the expedition. These were examined with due interest. Tho fact of Sellon arriving alono created no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and his wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he nob a newly- imported Briton- — and' to that extent a greenhorn ? If ho could find his way out and successfully ' dodge his pur suers was it likely that a seasoued ad venturer such as Renshaw v/ould fare any worse? So on thelattor's account wisy iciu uuv BuiUii anxiuVjr Not so, Marian, however. A ter rible suspicion had taken shape within her mind under Sellon's narrative. " He has murdered him !" wa3 her conclusion, "Ho has murdered him," she repeated to herself during a night of sleepless agony — such as a strong concentrative nature will sometimes be called upon to undergo. But she kept her suspicions to herself — for the pre sent at any rate. She was helpless, What could she do ? There was no thing to go upon. Then, on the morrow, Sellon took hi3 departure, as lie had announced his intention of doing, and the equanimity with which the circum stance was regarded by Violet, toge ther with their indifferent demeanor towards oacli other on the previous evening, completely lulled any suspi cions which might have lingered in Christopher Selwood's mind, confirm ing as it did the other's frank and straightforward explanation. For his wife had not yet told him all that had transpired between herself and Violet. chapterxxxvil From the Dark River's Brink. It was a weird picture. The grey rocks jutting forth into the evening stillness ; the spotted, creeping boast, gathering itself together for its deadly spring; the man, weakened, helpless, lying there at its morcy. Even then, so strange are the fantasies that cross the human brain at the most critical moments — even tlion, with a kind of grim humor it flashed upon Renshaw Fanning how thoroughly the positions wore reversed. Many a time had the spotted pard fallen a victim to his sure aim; now it had devolved upon one of the feline race to give him his death stroke. With bared fangs and snarling throat, tho brute once more gathered itself to spring. But instead of hurl- ing itsolf upon the prey before it, it uttered a yell of pain and wiiisking half round seemed to be snapping at its own side. Its tail lashed convul sively, and a frightful roar escaped from its furry chest. There was a faint twanging sound beneath, and again something struck it, this time fair in tho eye. Snarling hideously 1 tho great beast reared itself up against I tho cliff, beating the air wildly with its formidable paws. Then its mighty bulk, swayed, toppled over, and fell crashing to tho ground beneath. Thoroughly roused now, Ilensiiaw peered cautiously Over the ledge. But what he saw opened his eyes to the fact that this opportune, this unlooked- for deliverance, was more apparent than real. In escaping from one peril he had only fallen into another. Tne huge cat was rolling and writh ing in the throes of death. Its slayer, au undersized, shrivelled barbarian, was approaching it cautiously — a naked Koranna, armed with bows and arrows and spear. Bub cautiously as Renshaw had peeped forth the keen glance of the savage had seen him. Their eyes had met. He lay still, thinking over this last, this desperate chance. He was unarmed — practically that is — for although he haci a Knite it was not likely the enemy would come to such close quarters as to ndmit of its use. The latter with his bow arid arrows would hayo ,him at 'tho .. rnos't perfect dis advantage. He; could- climb up to tho ledj.,0 arid finish, him off at his leisure; . - . For some minutes Renshaw lay still as death.. Not a sound broke the silence, not a voice, not a footfall. Perhaps, after all, lie had been mis taken, and the Koranna had not seen him. Or, more likely, the savage had started off to call up his companionSj who probably; were not far distant. Was it worth while utilising his chances so far as to raako one more effort to save his life, to strive to gain some other place of concealment before the whole horde came up. . But just then , a sound reached, his oars — -a faint, Stealthy rasping. The Koranna was' already climbing up to, the. ledge. , The mysterious shuffling continued. A stone, loosened" by the' climber, fell clattering down the-rqcks. .Then there was silence- once more— and— . A wrinkled, parchment-hued coun tenance reared' its'eif up, peering round the elbow, of the , cliff. , The yellow eyes stared with a wild beast-like gleum, the black, wool and protruding ears looking fiend-like in the falling darkness. His hour had'eome.. Momen tarily be expected ,to receive the fatal shaft-. ' But it came not.. . After the head followed the squat, ungainly body, standing upright upon the ledge, the: sinewy, ape-like hand, grasping -its primitive, but fatal,- armament — tho bow. and arrows and the' snear. But the bow. was not bent, no- arrow was fitted: to the stnng.. ; " Aliainaghtag 1. Myn lieve Baas !". (Almighty | ' '"My dear master !)' . ' Renshaw sab -upright and stared at the speaker,' arid w'ell'he might". ' "Was he dreaming ? The old familiar Dutch colloquialism— the voice I 'The squalid, forbidding- looking savage advanced, his 'puckered1: face transformed with concern. Renshaw stared, and starod ag»iu. And then ho recognised the - familiar, if unpre possessing, lineaments of his- de-: faulting retainer— old Dirk. The old'-Koranna : rushed forward, and knelt down at his master's side, pouring forth . a voluble torrent of questions in the Boer dialect. ' How had he come there ? Where was he wounded ? Who had dared to attack him ? Those schelm Bosjesmensohen 1 (Rascally bushmen.) He would declare war against the whole race of them. He would 'shoot them all. And so on, and so on. But. amid all his chatter the faithful old fellow, having dis covered where the wound was, had promptly ripped off Renshaw's boot. Yes, there it was — the poisoned puncture of the bushman arrow — livid and swollen. , For a moment Dirk con templated it. Then he bent down, exaruined.it more attentively, probing it gingerly with his finger. The result seemed to satisfy him. n 'mrtl? niltaf. dnnflia " /t i i (( j.t ujrj vriichV) xiuuiaju JJIV jituia master." A term of . endearment) : "you will not die this time. The thick leather of the boot has taken off nearly all the poison, and all the running you have had since has done the rest. Still, it was a near thing — a near thing. 'Maghtaag ! — if the arrow had pierced you anywhere but through the boot you would have been a dead man long since. Not this time — not this time." "And the tiger, Dirk ?' said Ren shaw, with a faint smile. " You are indeed a mighty hunter." , For he re membered how often he had chaffed the old Koranna on iiis much vaunted prowess as a hunter, little thinking in what stead it should eventually stand himself. "The tiger? Ja Baas. I will just go down and take off his skin before it gets pitch dark. Lie you here and sleep. You are quite safe now, Baas, quite safe. You will not die this time 'Maghtaag, no I" So poor Renshaw sank back in a profound slumber, for he was tho roughly exhausted. And all through the hours of darkness, while the wild denizens of the waste bayed and howled among the grim and lonely mountains, tho little weazened old yellow man crouched there watching beside him on that rocky ledge, so faithfully, so lovingly. His comrade tho white man — his friend and equal — had deserted hiin, had left him alono in that desert waste to die, and this runaway servant of his, tho degraded and heathen savage, clung to him in his extremity, watched by his side ready to defend him if necessary at the cost of his own life. (to be concluded.) 