Minstrel Entertainment. THE entertainment given by the Bowral Young Men's Association minstrels in the School of Arts on Thursday evening was a great success. The audience was large and representative, and apparently ready for the amusement the performance would give them. As a general rule an audience cannot expect too much from amateurs, but we feel justified in saying that the majority of those present on this occasion got more than they antici pated. The Orchestra opened with an overture, " Bocaccio." On the rising of the curtain . a good array of black faces met the view and for some time the audi ence were trying to discover " who was who." Tambos and Bones (Messrs. Webb and Church and Messrs. Jones and Poole) were resplendent in the usual costume, their jokes, grimaces, and general be haviour causing much fun. The opening chorus, " Upidee," was sung by the Com pany. Song, " Sweet Chiming Bells," Mr. Will Pierce. Mr. Ted Webb fol lowed with a " Chinese Song," which proved to be very inspiriting to the audi ence, and narrowly escaped an encore. Song, " The Fisherman and his Child," Mr. Arthur Efrior. Song, "The old home ain't what it used be," Mr. P. Comer. CcSrinic song, " Walking the floor with Baby," by Mr. Jack Jones, was received with uproarious laughter, which saved the same singer having to sing again. Song, "The Lighthouse by the Sea," . Mr. R. Soutter. Song, " Massa's in the cole ground," Mr. II. E. Jones. Comic song, " She winked at me," by Mr. C. Church, gave general satisfaction to lov ers of. the comic. Song, "The Pardon came too late," Mr. J. T. Hall. Comic song, " My Darling Clementine,'' was given in good style by Mr. Ted Poole. Mr. H. Ellson then sang the "Song of the Steeple." The singers-some of whom had just made their ftrst appearance before an audience - acquitted themselves very creditably, while a better effect was given to the songs by the company taking up the choruses. The cornermen occasion ally had the audience in " fits Mr, Jack Jdnies particularly kept everyone in good humor, proving that he had been at the game before, his efforts being well backed up by Mr. Webb on the opposite side. The centre chair was occupied by Mr. J. T. Hall, who proved himself very efficient with his duties. Messrs. E. A. Pidcock (piano), and J. Menzies and J. Moore (violins.), comprised the orchestra. The finale of the first part of the programme was "The1 Ghost," which contributed greatly to the amusement. The second part of the programme was a nigger farce " William Tell," Tlie following were the characters Stewart of Bang-Up Hotel, Mr, Fred Cope; Fashionable Hairdresser, Mr. J. Byrne; 'Ned (bootblack), Mr. P. Comer; Pete (waiter), Mr. W. Farrow. The entertainment concluded with the laughable fHvce, '< Turn him out." The characters were: - Nicodemus Nobbs ati itinerant' vendor of juvenile :toys),- Mr. W. Pierce ; Mr. Macintosh Moke, Mr. R. Soulier; Mr, Eglantine. Roseleaf," Mr. E. Webb;' Julia (Moke's wife), Mr. A. ' Prior ; Susan (maid-of-all-work),. Mr..'J.' White. ." The stage bad been converted into a draw iug room, which Susan is supposed to be .dusting, bnt like all maids spends a good ' deal of time gazing out of the window, .when' she happens to espy an old sweet heart whoso attention she attempts to at tract by a s'erioa of coughs and sneezes. At tho same time her attention is attracted by her mistress, who she proclaims to be "runiifng full cbivey down the lane with a damly gent iu lavender kids a-runnin' after her." Tills dandy gent provos to be Itose . leaf, a moat awful dudo without a partiole of bi aim, but he expresses great admiration for Julia, Mr. Mcintosh's wife, much to her annoyance,-Mr. Moke himself boing way '-from home. Ttoaeleaf forces himself in:o the hoqee, bnt Snsim locks him. iu a room and' Nobhs 'is engaged to t'vro.w. him out. ? tie however retires to raalie preparations, and ilol;e arrives homo uuanounced from tho country where he had been flirting with fiiHciwUb'g widows. Nobbs returns .into the room and mistakes him for bite man he lias 'io t urn ou t, which he accomplishes after much indignation and resistance on the part of Moke. Roseloaf witnesses the light and thinks he lias got in a strange place; he ib encountered by Moke (who has again re- entered tho house) and accounts for his presence by pretending to have called for . the income tax. He promises .to help Moke extorminaie the low lived desperado (meaning Nobb(j), but uot relishing the idea rushes off to return when the row's over. Susan and . her beau come into the room, and after some spoony business, the former is frightened by the signal whistle from Moke, who bad bidden behind tho curtains; he is pounced upon by Nobbs, who this tii}ie. hoists him out of the window and drops him on a gooseberry bush. Moko then invents a plan by whioh to sur prise his wife, who he thinks bad hired the ruffian to throw him out. He gets inside his box and ia taken to his residence; but liia plan fails, as Susan happens to hear the lid of the box slam and concludes that Rose leaf bashidden himself in her master's trunk, whereupon Nobbs locks him in, and at the suggestion of Susan fcafeos, as it afterwards transpires, the wrong man to the private residence of Eoseleaf. Moko. next ap pears in disguise, this time when his wife in the room, and is successful in getting a hearing. Roseleaf is then caught, but is saved from being thrown out the window on his promising never to persecute unpro tected females again. There are many laughable incidents in the farce, which did not fail to promote the always acceptable fun. Messrs. Pierce, Webb, Soutter, and White took their parts exceedingly well; Mr. Prior, however, ap peared nervous aud was not heard to the i best "advantage! although ho made a fine looking woman. On Thursday morning a cable tram crashed into a lorry laden with wool, near the King-street terminus. The balos of wool w^re scattered over the tramlines, and for about a quarter of an hour traffic was r ? 