WHY THE COOK LEFT. (By "Tiii-: Oi.d 'Un.") Theresa Fry was tho name of our cook. Good name for a cook, is it not? Theresa being too long to bawl down the kitchen stairs wlioti dinner was late,- became con- tracted into Ter. Tor was very much hbo others of her species, slio had a fat face. Slio likewise had a corpulent person, and tho middle part of hor was inilaiod. Slio is not a bad cook by any means, but a-ho likos to liavo hor own way. If tho order is given for pea soup, and Ter objected to the said soup, she argued that thoro was not a pea to bo gob within a rod i U3 of ton miles from the front door stop. Order Tor to cook a stoak underdone and you could reckon upon getting it red and likewise raw. Slro was a champion on potato boiling was Tor. Sho could mush potatoes well. She could iriso mash policumon. She pre ferred police mash to potato uiash. TVr was an old hand at our liouso when I was a youngster. Sho bad. been' in the eervico years. Somelinios sho got her wages; sometimes sho didn't. You could tell whether tho " ghost" had wait ml by hor cooking. Tor had a Follower. I-Io was nob a police- mail, and ho was not a deliverer of goods at our residence. Tor's follower was Sam Booze, who kept tho pub. lower down the ntrout. Now, Sam was a generous swain, and when he came to seo Ter ho generally was' aruiod.with a bottle of unsweetened gin, a uiedicino cook was particularly partial to. You could always bribo Ter with a " go" of gin. I'vo Uouo it myself, young as I was then. Well, ono night tlioy wero all out but Ter and self. Sam had received tho wink.' No doubt liis Theresa— Sam never contracted her name — had given it liitu, and ho came rciiud. Ho tipped mo a shilling, and I mounted guard. I notico when Sam caino in his pockets wero bulkier thau usual. They wore courting strong in tho kit chen. I could tell that by the sounds .that caino from that quarter.- Tho more tho glassos clinked the stronger became . their affection for each other.- Curiosity . prompted mo to peep through tho key hole. Ter and Sam wero having d high old time. Ter's fif toon, stone of fry was seated on Saui's fat knees, and Sam's' arm' was as far round her waist as it could get. When Sam's lips mot Tor's there was a sound like a cow pulling its hoof out of tho mud. This was the sound 1 hoard re peated until it became monotonous. What a night they were -having. Two bottles of gin on tho table, and Ter had evidently been at it. I was not as well up in (ho various -stagos of courtship then as I am' now. I remember Sain left the liouso with a somewhat unsteady gait about 10 o'clock. When ho hail gone I fell asleep on the stairs. I thought Ter had fallen asleep in the kitchen. How long I slept' I kno# not. I was rudoly startled out of my slumber by, a violent ringing of the front door. -boll. Who could it bo ?- Whero was ,cook ? Why did she not go to the door and let pa and ma in. I staggerod to my foot and wont to the front door. I opened it. My— wa3 not pa in a rage. He vowed by the soven sons' of .Mammon lie would slay Tor, I vanished, thinking in his wrath he might seloct me as a sub stitute. ' My room was next to Da's. I heard him como up the stairs and strike a match, but somehow it blew out Then I heard him fumbling in the bed room and knocking things over. Ho must have struck the bod at last,, for I licard the hangings rattle. Then I heard an awful row. " Sain, Sam, don't. Lot me alono, Sam. Give mo another kiss, Sam. Whero's tho -bottle, Satn." It was Ter's voice. Great Csosar, what has happened ? What the deuce was Tor doing in Pa's room, and, to all appearances, in Pa's bed? I jumped up, struck a match, lighted the candle, and rushed out. 'There was Ma on the landing pale with emotion — at least, I put it dowu to emotion. I wont into tho bedroom. My eyes, shall I over forget it? Thoro was Ter half undressed in Pa's bed. _ Slio.lmd her arms round Pa's neck, and was hugging him to her fat heart — no, I mean breast. " Oh ! Sam, Sam," inoaned Ter, " why did you- not go homo? You'll- ruin my- character. You liiusn't bo seen .her, deary. It's not proper. Ono more kiss, Sam, and thou go. Do go, Sam, or master may bo back." Hero-Pa, who was half-choked, managed to " unanciior. " himself, from Ter. llo was almost bursting with rage and perspiration. lie seized Tor by tho arms and dragged her forth. Slio fell on tho floor with a dull' thud. Ma fainted on tho landing. Ter did not look at hor best on the floor. She WA3 a ' bit up3ot, so was her co3tuiuo. Sho gazed at Pa. with staring eyes. Sud denly she realised what had happonod. 'l'ho " unsweetened " had misled Ter, and she had got into Pa's bed instead of her own, and she had boon hugging him and calling him her Sam. Tor staggered to hor feet-. She gathered up her garments around hor and fled from the room. Next morning, on making inquiries at hor door to see how she had slept, I found she had gone. She sent round for her box later on, to bo despatched to tho " Jug' and Glass," caro of Sam BoOze. She married Sam a ivoek later. 1 liavo often licard Sain toll ' tho yarn iwhon Tor is absent, and lie .invariably commences by saying, Now boyB, charge your glasses, and I'll toll'you the story of 'Why the Cook left.'" ' Although her ma is-sitting near, . The fact my heart but little grieves, For-I can whisper in her ear . Behind her leg-of-mutton sleeves. " I'll shako tho bar and grill-room, Tho lodge and tigor too ; And livo as orderly a life . As any chap oan do." Thus vowing, down tho street lie strolled, - To run against a clium ; That night lie filled a prison cell, . As drunk, as any bum. 