; BOUND THE WORLD. A VICTORIAN SEPTUAGENARIAN'S EXPERIENCES. ! In a handsomely got up and wall illustrated ; volume, s respected Melbourne oitlsen records hie impressions of b journey round the world j in 1890. Though printed for private ci«m- ( lationonly, if we may judge by the pleasure and profit derived from its perusal, thepub lishers, Messrs Ford and Son, Carlton, ;will i bare many applications for copies. The well-known figure of ; Mr W- ] levers, sen., is familiar to most Mel- ( bourne residents; few however, know , that the staid old gentleman, who , for forty years has gone out and pi : amongst us, had spent a stormy and adven turous youth in, the British Navy,; seeing service on many seas, meeting with adven tures in many lands. To his naval experiences he added those of a pioneer In Canadian forests before finally settling down in Mel bourne. Here by strenuous and un wearied industry, he has won for him self a position of comfort, and the respect of his fellow-oitisens. Strong in will, like Tennyson’s Ulysses, he could not bring him self “ to rust unbumiahed, not to in use so in 1890, aooompanied by his son, the popular member for Carlton, he old gentleman started to explore new lands and revisit old scenes. In a faithfully kept and unpretending journal of eaoh day’s experiences, he recorded his impressions of .man&nd; manners, and he has now.in his <«Fifty Years’ After: or Old Sosnes Re visited,” given these permanent form. In s kindly and sympathetic prefaco, Mr James Moloney; with admirable literacy tact, intro, duoes his old friend, and rings up the curtain. - The journey itself, inoluding visits to Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Franoe, Great Britain, Ire land, Canada, and the United States was a remarkable feat for one of Mr levers’ years. Still more remarkable is the personality re vealed in its record. To the keenest sus ceptibility for all that attests material pro gress and prosperity there is added that responsiveness to the storied and romantic past only possible for a well-cultivated mind. Due note is taken of the benefits of British influence in Egypt, of the new life in re generated Italy, of the eocial betterment of the working classes in England and Ireland, and of the social problems in course of solution in tho New World. But not less interesting are the pas sages whioh ohroniola the emotions stirred by the sights of Jerusalem, by tbe Jordan and other sacred scenes, by Pompeii, RomeJ Stratford-on-Avon, Abbotsford and other spots famed in story. Old age baa come to tbe writer as “ a lusty winter, frosty, but kindly,” leaving unchilled the gennine catholioity of spirit whioh glows on every page, undeadened the simple, childlike piety, of which thiB unpretending record furnishes bo many proofs. We pull one or two extraots for the benefit of our readers. A BENDIGON’IAN AND THE RESURRECTION. Wo were nearing Colombo. During the' night there was heavy rain and a thick fog ; ’ so much' so that the captain, for safety, slowed the engines and kept blowing the fog. , horn. A Jewish gentleman, who bails from , Sandhurst, was woko up out of his sleep by the horn blowing. Startled by the fearful ; noise, in the confusion, and only half awake, be took it into his head that the ship was Icing lost, and that it was the blowing of the horn.which is to assemble all the Children of Israel in Palestine at the last day." This gentleman was greatly- comforted on dis covering his error, and said he was in no hurry to visit that country so long as he could help it. Possibly champagne over . night had something to do with his delusion. . However, we havo to thank him for a good “An amusing incident at Colombo will gladden the heart of Mr Fitzgibbon: THE MAGIC OF A NAME. “ Daring our brief stay in Colombo we chartered several vchioles, eaoh holding four persons, and made up a party to visit the suburbs, oinnamon groves, markets,. and a famous Brahma temple, and also to explore the native town. Two or three miles out we eame on a museum of very pretentious ap-: pearanoe. It was then 9 o’olook, and the doorkeeper said it would not be open to; anyone till ten, as the ourator ond other high offioiais had not arrived. The meriting was very hot, and we were all anxioos to get under, shelter, so my son resolved to test the power of the Melbourne Corporation intro aaotion, with its formidable gold seal and Town Clerk’s letter, on tbe offioial mind. It was enolosed in a crimson morooso case let tered in gold. I, as the senior member of the oompany, presented it to the door-keeper. He tookitinBidefor a few minutes, then the ohief attendant, accompanied by other of ficials, appeared in person, bowing in. the most courteous manner, and motion ing to ' us and our friends to enter the building. I suspect he must have thought us very - important personages, us our credentials were a perfect “open sesame,”, and in tbe most polite manner he Bhowed us all over the building. Relics of the past of every kind were hereto bo seen, both in their natural state and pre served—birds, beasts, fishes, gods and goddesses,'jewellery two thousand years old, armor of the quointeBt kind. We thanked the janitor, and after the usual backsheesh to the attendants, hade him good-bye, mounted eur carriages, tbe officials bowing low to the ground, and drove off.” A mournful interest gives value to the following kindly and sympathetic notice of A LAMENTED MELBOURNE PASTOR. *' Sunday, 9th. March.—We expect , this evening to enter the Straits of Bebelman deb, the entrance to the Red Sea. Churoh service was oondneted in the salopn by the Rev. Mr Rasa; and the Rev. Mr Banning, assisted by Mr Ross, conduoted two religious , tjm0^,ou,thas«iQ»d.wMa„d«j^. M IfrBnn i nlDg appears to me to ne a very seMoiis, God fearing man. . Mrs Banning renders great service by visiting and assisting a lot of poor sick people in the steerage of the 'ship, and I have heard several of them speak in the most grateful terms {of her kindness and charity towards them.”: POMPEII. “ What a mockery of human greatness and human vanity is a walk throngh this silent city of the dead. There is one' aimed section of it that conveys an awful lesson to all moral thinking men, that special portion devoted to ‘nameless vices, whioh,' thank God, a large portion of the Christian world is perfectly ignorant' of. Snob prac tices were degrading to onr common human nature, but bo' debased and sunk in sensuality must these' people have been that the common shame which ’usually accompanies these evil practices was net known to them. " In tho various dmmbers where these unnatural orgies took plaoe the walls are oovered with filthy pioturee in full; . detail, bo well executed that after. the lapse of eighteen hundred years many of the colors, and figures are still perfect, and no one who sees them can fail to loathe those vile produc tions and their authors. No wonder, I think, ' that the same fate that befell the cursed cities of the Plain—Sodom and Gomorrah—whose site we had lately visited on the dead sea shore, befell them.: I was glad to observe that'no females or youths are permitted to inspect these rooms; a soldier goes with each party to see that the'rule is compiled with. ' As a wind-up. to the visit to Pompeii; we went to the National Museum, and, as an objeet lesson,.-it .has made an indelible '. impression '■ on . my mind. There exposed to mew are' all the appliauoes that; make • v«y-dSy life enjoyable; those ancient people knew all about thein, moet things we enjoy th onr {daily life' are: there, and as for tha jewellery and arildes in gala and elver, art with precious *t««« ^.,^e adorn ment.they are there m. P” . Leave* of bread and option# “ thabaker*’ evens am there p«fa°t ■5tfSftja,srs,s£g »K^«S£SS«S'“S sad indeed: amongst them he a poor • J°“. and her daughter clasped together m the last mortal agony.’’ . ■ . . . . Mr lever* found the New Rome of lan booms and jerry-bnUders’ triumphB not at all the Rome of his imagination. He had however, no cans* to eompWn of his nwep tion. Among the high-plaeed dignitaries of the Pontifical court he found some who oberiehed most kindly memories of Melbourne So for the sake of old time* difficulties were smoothed away, etiquette had to relax its rule#, and by speoial favor our author and a party of bis fellow travellers hsd audience of his; holiness, the POPE. “ At a quarter to twelve oar party set out in threeoarrisgesfor tho palaoeol tho Vatioan, and were met at the foot of the grand stair case of white marble by the Swi6s Guard, a fine-looking set of men in semi-armor and fifteenth century drees, armed with long, formidable-looking pikes and short Bwords; the dress quaint, but soMier-like. We mounted those beautiful stairs leading to the private apartments of the Pope, and were soon in lie midst of, evidently, tho holiest, the fairest, and the bravest in the land. Soon we found ourselves in the large apartment ad joining the Grand State Room, In whloh his Holiness reoeivea his visitors, and after our letter of admission was “ viseed ” by officials of most solemn appearance, we were intro duced into tho reception room, an apartment of most gorgeous and splendid appearance, .with a rich. aaoUut-tooWng tapMtry, pour traying Soriptnre and historic subjects. A raised velvet divan ran all round the room, the centra being altogether unoccupied. Among the grand officials that we met before entering the reception room I recognised Monrignor O’Brien, a dignitary whom I remembered as a guest at the house of our. respected priest in Carlton, the Rev. Father O’Connell. Monsignor seemed to he a leading personage here, and spoke moat kindly to us. In the grand reception room we found a crowd of eoolesiastics, ladies, gentlemen, all seated, and evidently of exalted rank, judging from the atten tion paid ‘. to thorn by the . house* hold proiates and officers of the court. After a short delay a slight buzz was heard, and at the far comer through a doorway ap peared His Holiness,surrounded by numerous attendants, cardinals and bishops; All at once fell on their knees, and the Pope, who was dressed plainly in white flannel, or very light cloth, with orimson skull cap and crosses on his white shoes, very thin, slightly bent with years, bnt of a most amiable ap pearance, coinmenoed to progress slowly round with a. kind word or other ex peession to every one, signing most of them with the sign of -the cross on their forehead. Of. our company Wilke and I were farthest from him. I oaught the words “Australia,’’ “Protestant,” uttered by the grand secretary. When he was in front of onr company he seemed pleased, and elevated .himself when addressing onr non Catholio fellow- tourists, speaking a kind word to eaoh lady and gentleman. When he reached us, I being nearest, he paused. The Cardinal said, “Catholio, father and son.” He spoke in Italian, and the Holy Father laid his hand on my head. I asked bis blessing for. seif and family, whioh he imparted to mo most _ solemnly, and gave me his ring to kiss, which I did in the most reverent manner. He passed on to Willie, who was evidently mnch affected, and dealt with him muoh as he had done with me. Many of the visitors had quantities of beads and relics to receive the Apoatolio benediotion with ' themselves. When the Pope bad gone quite round to tho place whence he started, he suddenly advanced unattended, and alone into the oentre of the room, all assembled being on their knees, and elevating himself to his fullest height he threw his hands high over his . head and said that we weio all tho ohildren of Gtod, onr common, father, and as such he blessed us. He then dropped his left hand, and signing the cross in the air over ns all, imparted to ns and onr families the Apostolic benediotion in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. At this moment the soene was most awe-inspiring, several ladies andgentlemen, sobbing fondly, and all deeply impressed with the solemn scene. His Holiness then took his departure, and we went baok to our hotel highly pleased and edified.” Gladly would we follow Mr levers to England, Scotland, Ireland and Amerioa. The interest of his volume rises step by step as he treads familiar ground, and notes the results of fifty years of ohange. There is muoh that is new and suggestive in hig pic tnrea of the homelands, but our space ioom pels us to part from him. There is both pleasure and profit to be derived from the perusal of his delightful volume, and we are sore that no one will close it without an in creased feeling of admiration and respeot for the venerable anther. John Reid. 