ARMOUR IN WAR. In Temple Bar there is a short aud interesting amount of what was pro bably the last appearance in the field of men in armour. This was in January 1799, at the town of Aquila, in the Abruzzo, then held by a gar rison of 400 French troops. The peasants broke into the town, and though they were driven out by the French, they continued to give serious trouble. They even drove the French into the fort, and made ready to bom bard them with heavy guns. The French were in an awkward position. ' Boulart, the officer of artillery, ran sacking his brains for the means of sending out men to spike the guns on the glacis, under the lire of the insur gents from the neighbouring houses, suddenly remembered he had seen in his magazines some suits of plate armour, and he proposed to try whether, protected by them, men could not sally out and work in security under musketry fire. He got to gether twelve complete suits, and dressed out twelve gunners and grenadiers, thus selecting big men, be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the covered way, and from thence and from the fort opened a steady fire of musketry and of artil lery on the lines of the insurgents. Then out marched the twelve knights of the eighteenth century, much in David's state of mind when he com plained he had not proved his armour. The men carried handspikes, hammers, and spikes. Moving naturally, slowly, and awkwardly, in their heavy steel mail, still they succeeded in complet ing their work under a hail of bullets from the insurgents, The scene is described as we can well believe, to have been most remarkable, and to have had something picturesque and also diabolical about it. As the mailed figures moved in silence amongst the guns, their handspikes looking like maces, their silence and the slowness of their action seemed unnatural under the steady hail of bullets. The insurgents were be lieved to have thought hell itself had sent forth these extraordinary antag onists, ghosts of a past age ; while the French on the ramparts, true to their nature, the first moment of anxiety over, burst into roars of laughter.' 