When the present debate is over a direct resolution of want of confidence in the Government will, it is stated, be submitted, and many Opposition mem- bers consider its success certain. They would have better grounds for their opinion if they had a leader whom the country was likely to trust; or if, during the debate, any policy had been indi cated from their side of the House which gave the slightest hope of a change for the better. But, so far, the Opposition are asking the country to take them blindfold; and, forgetful of the fact that it is the duty of every member to bring his best powers into debate for the benefit of the country which pays him, contend that they are ■no.t.called upon to Btate their, views until they come into office. It is not in this way that strong governments are built up. It is by the discussion of rival policies in and out of the House that the opinion of the country is focussed and its support obtained, and the present is certainly not the time when the electors are prepared to take a leap in the dark. The only alternatives to the Government pro posals have been stated by Mr Harper, a Ministerial supporter, aua the only stipulations of the Opposition have been for the abandonment of taxation and the cessation of retrenchment, two propositions incompatible with each other and with the circumstances of the Stats. The so-called leaders of the Opposition are for the most part en tirely unacceptable and perfectly aware of it. Even Mr Deakin, the most popular of them all, would find uimself troubled by the ghosts of past ex travagances. The last year of the Gillies-Deakin Government showed an expenditure of £1,126,577 more than the national income, a fact which would rise up to harass an administration headed by the member . for Essendon, nor could that hon. member easily economise by displacing officials he had ap pointed. The memory of the quarter of a million wasted on the last exhibi tion would embarrass him, and so would that ,of the three-quarters of a million expended in the vain attempt to adapt the irrigation system of well-watered California to our comparatively waterless country. As for the Seises Berry combination, with its memorable ske daddle from its Casterton policy fresh in the country’s recollection, and its famous deficit of a million and a quarter making a still existing call upon every taxpayer’s pocket, it need hardly be said that its revival is im possible. Mr Shiels has had his turn and shown himself inefficient, a mere coiner of counterfeit epigrams, and his associate, whose weakest point was always finance, is no longer to be counted as a ruling force in politics. * There may be a heaven-born politician somewhere in the back benches who can lead the country back to pros perity, but at present he has given no sign of his existence. That the Patterson Government lias disappointed its best friends in many respects, and certainly- in its budget, is beyond question. It may be admitted indeed that Mr Carter’s term of office has been fatal to any reputa tion he may previously have acquired as a financier. But the Premier can at least boast that his deficit is only half as large as that of his predecessor; that his Government has reduced the national expenditure by a million in a year and a half, and that he has managed to clear Melbourne of 15,000 unemployed men, whom it is simply ridiculous to represent as sent else where to starve. Many of them are well known to be doing fairly, and men do not in this country starve by the thousand in silence. The great fault of his Government has been that it has not attempted many obvious economies which, small in themselves, would in the aggregate have amounted to a considerable sum. To have abolished the unnecessary expenditure upon the Parliamentary diningroom, to have cut off the vote for the orna mental garden of Parliament House, to have dispensed with the expensive and obsolete ceremonial with which the Legislature is surrounded, and above all, to have diminished the number and salaries of Ministers and members, would have rendered all other economies easy. The Civil Service would have been silenced, and the confidence of the country would have been gained. As with these items so with many others of ornamental and luxurious expenditure. There is no reason why various useless expenses connected with the viceregal estab lishment should not be curtailed. Governors and kings have before now shared in the economies enforced upon the public. When wheat was so scarce at the close of the last century, that the 41b loaf sold for two shillings, King George 111., to set an example which should prevent the waste of the best ingredients of the grain in sifting, ordered that the use of fine flour should be discontinued in the royal establishments, and set his family and court to munch whole meal bread; while Governor Bligh, ten years later, had to tell the officers ho invited to official dinners to bring their bread with them, being himself rationed as narrowly as any of the settlers. We are not in such straits, happily, but there are numerous savings that might be made in the outlay on purely super fluous display. In some respectß Parliament is even more to blame than the Government for the failure of many attempted economies. It is not to be expected that the Civil Service will help to re trench its own cost with a good grace at any time, and certainly not as long as the leaders of the Opposition can be induced to stand up and declare that every economy is confiscation. At the best, the Minister who enquires into the working of his department with a view to simplify its procedure, and so lessen its expenses, is faced by a wall of brass. The whole service is welded together as one man in praise and defence of a system which is the laughing-stock of every member of it in his private capacity. The method whereby the simplest application must be received in one sub department, and minuted in another, and checked in a third, and acknowledged as received by a fourth, before anything is noted concerning its subject matter, is the theme of facetious description by the very men who, when a saving is hinted at, call heaven and earth to witness that the only fault of the whole organi sation is the insufficiency of the pay. Every suggestion of a change excites the bitterest hostility, and ready statistics of the number of documents received, acknowledged, checked, minuted, docketed, submitted to this official and that, pigeon-holed, indexed, and forgotten, are hurled at the head of the unfortunate who dares to sug gest that £2,083,000 is a little too much for the departmental salaries and contingencies of the Civil Service for about 1,160,000 people. Ho doubt the letters are written, and the work is done, but half of it is work for work’s sake; work to provide salaries for men who would be better employed in pro ductive labor; work that is of no use to any created being; while much of the rest is mere child’s play; duty which would be done in a bank or a merchant’s office by a boy at ten shil lings a week, but must under Government be performed by a gentleman entitled to £2O per annum increment, continual promo tion, and a pension when he retires. As long as the members who profess to have the good of the country at heart spend their entire time in intriguing for place, and using the Civil Service as a lever to weaken the authority of any existing Ministry, so long this upas tree of officialism will grow, and the great art of How Not to Do It, so conspicuously practised in Parliament, will rule the departments, and enable them to baffle any economist who may try to lighten the burdens of the country. On the whole the Railway Commis sioners are hardly getting fair play just now. They are somewhat in the position of Mr Pickwick when he got between the rival editors of Eatanswill. The combatants might not hit each other, but they were certain to hit him. One party upbraids the Com missioners for not making their income cover an expenditure more than half of which is due to past circumstances that never were within their control; another insists that every attempt at economy menaces the safety of the public; and a third, with an incongruous facility it is impossible to appreciate too highly, joins both these grievances. This last party is represented in the House by Mr Harper, and in the press by the lead ing Melbourne journal, and if the Commissioners read the speeches of the one and the articles of the other their bewilderment must be considerable. On the one hand they are accused of expensive management, and on the other of a false economy which places the public in peril. Now the greatest weapon used against them is the fact that in New South Wales the revenue from the lines yields a larger amount toward the interest payable on the cost of construction than oar railways return. That is perfectly true, and the more annoying because the traffic is stimulated by lower charges in New South Wales than those which are imposed here. But it must not be forgotten that the senior colony has advantages Victoria does not enjoy. She pays £90,000 a year less for coal because she has it on the spot. She does not pay £95,000 for pensions because it is not a part of her system, and her present Commis sioners have not to find so much by £70,000 a year for gate-keepers, simply because their predecessors in rail way management did not leave them such a legacy of inconvenience. The Government of New South Wales pays the Railway Department £30,000 per annum for carrying the defence forces—a service our railways perform for nothing. These items would, were the conditions the same in Victoria, lessen our, deficit by £285,000. It is also asserted that the Victorian lines are loaded with £60,000 more in the shape of interest, and this statement, if correct, would raise the total to £345,000. But a greater reason for forbearance with the present Commis sioners exists in their absolute right to a fair trial. The New South Wales Commissioners have been six years in office, and these gentlemen have not had six months. They have ap parently done their best to comply with the Minister’s wishes, and it is only just to wait for the results of their work. We are informed on good authority that Ur A. Doakin has promised to move a direct vote of want of confidence in the Ministry if he'is desired by the party to do so. Nominations for the municipal elections closed yesterday. In the City Cr Morey was declared by the returning officer (Cr Shoppee) ns returned unopposed for the cautral ward. Cr Ivey, and Messrs J. Heinz and J. J. Brokenshire were nominated for the north ward; and Cr Elliott and Mr R. Pearse for the south ward. Mr C. Kent was nominated in opposition to Mr Ruffli for the City auditorship. In the mayor’s room the mayor proposed the henlth of the mayor elect (Cr Morey), and congratulated him upon enjoy ing such confidence as to be returned un opposed. Cr Morey suitably acknowledged the compliment. In Ballarat East the fol lowing nominations were received:—Central ward—Messrs J. W. Larter and A. James. North ward—Messrs W. Gale and C. Johnston, South ward—Mr Theophilus Williams. Auditor, Mr Webster, Mr Wil liams, who enjoys the privilege of a walk over, haß been in the council since 1876, and on one occision only prior to this year has he met no opposition, but on every occasion when there was a contest he triumphantly proved that he had the confidence of the majority of the electors. Mr John Heinz delivered his opening address at Mingßt’s Hall, Mucarthur street, last night, and had the pleasure of speaking to large audience, who received his remarks with expressions of favor. A report appears elsewhere. A vast amount of interest yesterday centred in tho question as to whether Cr Ivey would again nominate for the representation of the north ward, in which Messrs Brokenshire and Heinz are at present actively engaged cam paigning. At 3 o’clock his nomination had not been handed in, and as late as 10 minutes to 4 Cr Ivey still occupied a seat at the council tabl“, evidently only intent upon the business before the meeting. When coun cillors had almost made up their minds that the retiring councillor would not again go before the ratepayers, Cr Ivey rose from Ihh seat and walking towards the town clerk deposited his nomination paper and fee of £lO. Mr J. W. Larter, who is seeking re election for the central ward (Ballarat East), addressed a large meeting of ratepayers at t'noPhwiix hntel, lodge room, last night. The candidate, whn gave an exhaustive ad dress, had an excellent reception, and his views apparently met with general favor. At the conclusion of his address a hearty vote of confidence in him was carried, and a strong committee was formed to secure his return. Mr Barter’s committee will meet to-night at the Phoenix hotel at 8 o’clock to make necessary arrangements. A report of last night’s meeting appears in another column. City councillors are amongst those who consider that municipalities should have con trol over as many us possible of their local institutions. Cr Shoppee, who has just re covered from severe indisposition, showed that he had fully regained his energy and vigor by warmly taking tho matter up and submitting the following motion:—“That in view of a select committee having been appointed by the Premier to enquire and report on necessary amendments iu the Local Government Act, this council at once prepare a list of suggestions to be forwarded to the Chairman of Committee.” Ho thought that Mr Perry had seen the weakness of the Act of 1891. If the council could get the police under their control it would be much better. Cr Qonke seconded the motion. Cr Morey suggested that the mayor and Crs Shoppes and Bell should be appointed a committee to draw up a list of the amendments de sired. The mayor remarked that the city clerk and himself had thought over a scheme, and both propositions were carried. At the annual meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club, held at Craig’s hotel last night, a report of which is given in another portion of The Star,, the secretary was instructed to send a letter of condolence to the widow of the late Thos. Corrigin, who was killed at Caulfield on Saturday, together with a wreath, as a mark of sympathy from the club towards her and the family in their bereavement. Feeling reference was made to the honesty and sterling qualities of the cross country rider, who was so well and favorably known throughout the district, especially at Dowling Forest. A disgraceful fight is reported to have taken place at the lake on Sunday morning between two young men, who were sur rounded by about 30 noisy youths, all of whom made off when the police were sent for. Another determined effort is to be made by the City Council tn secure local control of the fire brigades. Cr Shoppee, who again takes the lead in this particular matter, re marked at yesterday’s meeting that it was probable, through certain circumstances, that there would not only be a change in the Country Board, but the Metropolitan board as well. He moved—“ That those councils who have agreed to support the application made to the Premier to have the control of their own fire brigades be invited to a con ference to suggest to the Premier on what Hubs it was desired that tho alteration should be made.” Cr Cooke seconded the motion, and said that it would be much bettor if local control were obtained in other directions. It was mentioned that the charities might be managed from Melbourne, but this should not be. Cr Shoppee’s motion was carried. Nominations for the August meeting of the Miners’ Turf Club, to be held on the Redan course on the 24th inst., closed with tho secretary. Mr Rennie, at Brophy’s hotel, laßt night. For the six events there are 58 entries, which appear in our snorting oolumu. Many “neceessary works” were brought to light at the meeting of the City Council yesterday, and Crs Ivey and Elliott were not the most backward with suggestions. At tho conclusion of the business tho mayor pro posed the health of the retiring councillors, (Crs Ivey and Elliott) and expressed a hope that they would again he returned. He always desired, he said, that the r . ej - councillor should take hie seat unless h a p' anything wrong. Crs Elliott and Iv ey propriately returned thanks, tioned expressing regret it he had offend a any member of the council, and the j al j remarking that if he were not returned t* would not be disheartened but would ssi come forward at a future date. *** The Hon. David Ham, M.L C., yesterday wrote to the City Council relative to the placing of the marble lions at the gate, and suggesting on behalf of several citizens that they ehould be raised and placed outside th" gates, the idea being to guard the entrant If the expense of shifting were the obuJ' he would, be willing to recoup § council. Cr Shoppee thought «,,, the wishes of the donor of such ' valuable gift should be acceded to. a moved, “ That the request be complied and that Mr flam be asked to direct n the position in which he desired to h»-° them placed.” Cr Cooke Beoonded tjj motion, and remarked that if the council did not do as requested they would be dii. couraging such gifts in future. There no necessity to move the gates, Cr Morev interjected that there was no room, to which Mr Cooke rejoined that it did not matter jif the footpaths were slightly encroached ! npon. Cr Retaliack pointed nut that if g,, lions were shifted outside, the gates would have to be shifted further back. He thought the gates and lions looked well as at 1 sent. The gates would cost something to shift, and tho work could not be dona bv Friday. Therefore he would advocate the shifting ehould be postponed until a | t!t the official handing over ou Friday, j t would be very mean, however, to ask Mr Ham to bear any expense. Cr Ivey hsd every respect for the wish of the donor of the lione, hut he thought they should remain as at present. Mr Ham wnB away when tho lions were fixed, and therefore no blame wji attachable to the council for not consulting him. Cr Morey said the gates had cost slot of mouev to erect, and would cost more to shift, IE they moved one they would ep o j| the other. He did not think that this trn Mr Ham’s doings, but that others had beta speaking to him. Cr Bell said tbit It looked strange that Mr Ham not consulted as to where he wished the lions placed. He Bhould have beet consulted, but hb they were now pf ac; j he did not think an alteration should be made. The mayor said that if gates and lione were moved a lot of expense would be incurred. Cr Bell suggested that the matter should be deferred, and the mayor and Cr Morey, or Crs Cooke and Shoppee asked to interview Mr Ham. Cr Shoppee altered hii motion to read, that Mr Ham be asked t». accompany the committee of the whole council to the Gardens at 9 o’clock on the following morning to definitely arrange matters. Cr Elliott seconded the motioj, If taken in front of the gates, said the mayor tho lions would got very dirty. He wished to take over the lionß aDd gates while he wai in office, so that the incomiog mayor would not have to take over his own gift. The motion was carried. Last night the committee appointed to arrange for a presentation te the Rev, Father Rogers, who has been transferred to Bungaree, met at Craig’B hotel. Mr W. Bentley presided, and there was a good attendance. The secretaries reported that highly satisfactory progress had been made, They had sent out 250 circulars, some of which had not been responded to. It wu resolved to request those who desired to par ticipate in the movement to communicate with the hon. secretaries (Mr R. T. Hager, 42 Lydiard stroot, and Mr E. J. Hayden, Victoria street) before Monday next, when the final meeting of the committee will take place. A voluminous production, setting forlb the system of bookkeeping which it ii desired shall be followed by municipal clerks, has beeu forwarded to the City clerk. Re ferring to it at yesterday’s meeting of the oouncil, the mayor (Cr Thompson) remarked the system was much more complicated and cumbersome than that at present in use at the City Hall, which was clear and simple, Something more than merely 11 receiving" the letter ehould be done. The council ehould protest against the system being forced upon them. Cr Shoppee remarked that a uniform system must be adopted ac cording to law. However, as the new system does not come into operation until the Ist of October, it was decided to refer the matter to the finance committee, with a view of taking farther action. At the Supreme Court which opens to morrow morning, before Mr Justice Hodges, the following persons will come up for trial: —On bail—Anthony C'ligari, horse-stealing; Thomas Grenfell, manslaughter; John Arlett, forgery. In Gaol—Thomas M'Nalty and Patrick Meehan, intent to commit a larceny. In the Divorce Court the following oases sill be heard:—Wilhelmina Mason Walker r VVm. Walker; Maria Ellen D’Arcy v Daniel D Arcy. Cr Elliott tabled his motioo at the City Council meeting yesterday providing for a poll as to the desirabilihity of the City and Town amalgamation, but after speaking in support of it was told by the mayor that time did not permit of the poll being taken on the 23rd August. The matter therefore dropped. Shortly bpfore 5 o’clock yesterday after noon a pair of horses attached to a lorry, the property of Messrs Broadbent and Cos., bolted from the Eastern station. At the corner of Humffray and Wills streets tbs runaways came into collision with tbs verandah at Grenfell's fruit shop. The whole of the structure was brought to tho ground, and one of the shop windows was smashed to pieces. Fortunately the progress of tbs horses was stopped before any other damage was done. As will be. noticed from the Mayor’s re port to the City Council yesterday, instruc tions have been given for planting an acre of the Ballarat Common, at the back of tbe Gardens, with blue-eums. Cr Retaliack suggested that New Zealand kauri, a large quantity of which was imported to the colony, and whioii waa valuable for furni ture, &3., ehould be grown as anon as pos sible. Tub Mayor promised that a compre hensive report as to tho nature and quantity of tho trees would shortly be laid before tbe oouncil. Cr Elliott put in a word for bine gums and tniuing timber, and was told by Cr Thompson that all sorts of trees would be grown. On the 80 acres at the back of the Gardens there was room for 40,000 trees,and many would be planted bsfore liin tenant office expired. Mr A. Miller, the chairman of Mr Hein** election meeting last night, mads f«h“? reference to the lamented death of Mr «■ Hain, late secretary for Mr J. J. Broket shire, the opposing candidate. Mr Hain,oe Baid, was an honorable gentleman, w ho3e death they all deeply regretted. Rilu !t would they have him opposed to them th»Q any other man in Ballarat, for he fooght fairly and uprightly. Ha trusted that to 9 deceased geutleman’s useful and upright H*. had now brought its reward. These rem*t“ were endorsed by all present. Tbe re- elected members of the shire Oouncil—Ora Edmonatoo, White, » n Baird— were warmly congratulated on tskioj their seat 9 at the table yesterday by their brother councillors, who expressed tha pie' Bure they felt in seeing their old co-worket back to their Beats again. A young man named Daniel Tbj 0 *? pleaded gailty at the Town Policy boo yesterday to stealing several *rt' c f eB . clothing, &0., from the hut of Mr " Henderson, Mount Pleasant, and was •tenced to two months’ imprisonment. * accused, who was arrested by Cos 9" Austin, admitted four previous conviotm for similar offences. One person chwj! with drunkenness was discharged, and . debt cases were dealt with. Amoog j latter was one in whioh the Singer S 9ff t Machine Company were the As several technical points were raised, oaee was adjourned until Thursday to the attendance of the police magistrate. Tuthill appeared for the company, . Pearson for thn defendant. An app'’®* by Uhaa. Atkinson for a hawker’s ' ICS was granted. Messrs Josephs and l e " ’ J’e.P., were the adjudicating magistrates- Asa matter of experiment, the ' f Council have determined to light the la r in front of the City Hall and in other p 9 not within the radius of the Electric pany with the recently introduced cat gaslight. . an d Much interest was tskeD in a hydrant competition for two men among members of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, w was run off last night in the presence of* * .attendance. The contest, which waa for handsome and valuable trophies presen 6 Messrs W. Laidlaw and J. M- ,Dfl ’v o# er keenly competed for, there being no than eight teams on tho scratch. « , j or uumber one of the teams was diequalm 0 # not continning their run after starting- Buaccseful competitors wero Firemen Tf Furlong, wh" aid excellent work in seconds. notwithstanding had one second lhe judges, 'I n nockbcrn and W. Perkins; time- P«cb and Reece;, and keepers, Young, gave every satisfac- Btarter, |1 had becn called by the (Mr J- B. Johns), the men were dhmissedby Captain Trahar. 0n the motion of Cr Cooke, seconded by -piliott. the City Council yesterday de % Jto write to the Railway Department, fllld . _ that in no case should the railway wo g rk« g hnps at Ballarat East be transferred to Melbourne. . Information was received by the City Mice yesterday that the horse sto en some time ago from Gilliam’s livery stables, Bui r , kst had been found at Daylesford, 'hers it had been left with Mr George T k Tho young fellow who left the a ,7msl answered the description of him who hired it from the owner. Re has not yet been arrested. The mayor of the City has applied to the Defence Department for some proj-ctiles to atch the guns at the Botanical Gardens. Tor piling np alongside the guns by way of completing the picture. M r W. Shields, of the mails branch r’nnpral Post Office, Melbourne, has been appointed postmaster for Ballarat West, “„d will probably take charge about the end of the present week. Mr Shields, who omries with a good reputation, has been over _3O r 8 the service. He was nt one timo postmaster at Hamilton, and has eight or nine years’ experience in the Melbourne Post Office. Mr Williams, who has acted ae post master'here since Mr Bristow’s departure and who has been in Ballarat before in n similar capacity, has, by his clo ß e attention to the wants of the public and general courtesy, made many friends. At the special meeting of the Ballaratßhire Council, held prior to the ordinary meeting yesterday, Cr R. J. Dobson was unanimously elected president, and his allowance was fixed at £4O. being £5 less than that for the last year. The various committees were also appointed. Dr Jordan, health officer, reported to the City Council yesterday that nine oaßes of infections diseases were notified daring the month of July, 1894, namely, Beven of diphtheria, and two of typhoid fever. It is satisfactory, he remarked, to be able to re port that no deaths from any infectious diseases were registered during last month. He was glad to be able to state that the Hill family, that suffered bo severely from typhoid fever when residing in a very dilapidated house in the Creowick road, removed during Jnly tn cleaner and healtheir premises iu Urquhart street. A list of accounts awaiting payment at the Sub Treasury,'Ballarat, appears in another colamn. AH persons to whom accounts are due Bre requested to make application for same before the end of this mouth. The ambulance waggon being constructed to the order of the City Council is nearly completed. Regulations for its manage ment, prepared by Cr Shoppee, will be dis cussed ss eonn as that gentleman i B well enough in health tn attend the meeting of the finance committee. We have been requested to mention that Mr Sprague, who died on Saturday from the result of injuries sustained several years sgn, was not an pmployd of the Britannia Unitod Company. He was mining in shallow work ings with his father, who for - years had been prospecting on the old Britannia lease before it was taken over by the new company. The latter, while not approving of the tribute system, were averse to remov ing Mr Sprague, senr., from ground he had been working on for so long, and permitted his occupation of a portion of the lease. J. H. Dalp, 25, of Corbett street, yester day fell and injured his left knee; nnd Thomas Murphy, 4, of Talbot street, fall and injured his hip. Both sufferers were at tended to at the Hospital. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the formation of a Freo Trade Democratic Asso ciation wan to have been held at the Mining Exchange Hall last night, but owing to the small attendance it was postponed to a date to be fixed by the convener. Mr Leader, P.M., and Messrs Sergeant, Graham, Coltman, Permewan, Little, and- Smith, J’s.P., presided at the City Police Court yeeterday. A young man, who pleaded guilty to making use of obscene language, was fined £2 or seven days imprisonment. A companion of the last defendant was fined £1 for drunkenness, One debt caso was also dealt with by the court. The trophies presented to Mr E. L. King, the popular president of the Wendnuree Rowing Club, at Craig’s Royal hotel, on "27th July, are now on view at Wertheim’s, opposite Lester’s hotel, Sturt street, as also a beautiful address, the workmanship of Mr Lansley of this city, and which displays great ability. At the South street Hall last night an excellent concert was given by Mr W. L. Paine and other leading amateurs of the city. There was a g.>od attendance. The various items were greatly appreciated, Mr Paine coming in for hearty applause for his recital*, and the vocalists being compelled to respond to encores. The programme was nB follows;—Overture (piano) selected, Mra Beaumont; recital, “The Tay bridge’* (Carlston), Mr Paine; duet, “ Tho fairy streamlet" (Gautm-r), Mrs C. W. Bean and Mr V. Woolcock; recital, (a) “The electric • rip” (Scotch) (J) “The dream of Clarence " (Shakespeare), Mr Paine; solo, “Spanish gipsy (Watson), Mrs W. C. Bean; solo, “Won by a rose,” (Roekel), Mr V. Woolcock; re cital. “ The raven ” (E. A. Poe), Mr Paine; solo, 11 The swallow” (Pinsuti), Mrs C. W. B°an; reading, “ Mrs Brown at. the play” (Sketchley), Mr Paine; solo, 41 My pretty Jane ’ (Bishop), Mr V. Woolcock; recital, “The face upon the floor” (D’Arcy), Mr Paine. The Orphan Asylum Committee meet this evening. Mr Leader, P.M., sat an a Reviijon Court at Beaufort yesterday. The supplementary nst 0 f voters for the Beaufort division of Ripon and Hampden was certified to as correct by Mr Minchin, and it was duly allowed. There were no claims nor objec tions. A good meeting was held at the M.U. Hall yesterday afternoon in connection with the W.C.T.U. The chair was occupied by the president. A deputation of temperance workers waß received. An instructive Bible lesson was given by Mra Boyd. After a solo had been given, and some business at tended to, the meeting closed in the usual way. The railway revenue for the week ending 9 h August amounted to £42,652,. showing a decrease of £1213 as compared with the cor responding week of last year. The aggre gate revenue from Ist July to 9th August amounted to £247,630, against £273,117. »nd tlie weekly average has been £41,271, against £45,519 in 1893. Experiments have been carried on for «ome time past at Werribpe Park on ail the different methods of. making ensilage. Tho results have been so satrsfaotory that two large silo pits have be°n constructed, each capable of oontaining 300 tons of ensilage, xrom the use of ensilage the same quantity of milk was obtained from cows tiie whole season through; whilst the quantity of milk from the same number of cows at a neigh boring dairy fell away considerably, theee cows having been fed in the ordinary way. On Saturday morning a four-roomed two storied house near Yandoit, belonging to an Italian named Peter Sartori, was completely destroyed by fire. The two lower rooms were used as a distillery, and those on the top were occupied by two Italians employed by Sartori. In one of these rooms the fire originated, and efforts were made to prevent the flames spreading, but without avail. The spirits contained in the lower portion were removed to a building some distance away. The property was uninsured. Italian papers received by the last mail state that the voice and elocutionary power of Madame Ristori remain animpuired hy time, notwithstanding that she is now 72 years of ago. 