THE HORROR OF BTHILEY GBRANE, -0-- A DOCTOR'S STORY. I was in my consulting- room one morn:ug, and had just said good-bye to the last of my patients, when my servant came in and told me that a lady had called who pressed very earnestly for an interview with me. "I told her thatyou were just going out, sir," sd the man, " and she saw the carriage at the 'oor; but she begged to see you, if only for two minutes. This isher card." I read the words, " Lady Studiey."' " Show her in," I .said hastily, and the next moment a tall, slightly-inade, fair-haired girl entered the room. She looked very young, scarcely more than twenty, and I conld.hardly believe that she was, what her card indicated, a married woman. The color rushed into her cheeks as she held out her hand to me. I motioned her to a chair, and then asked her what I could do for her. " Oh, you can help me," she said, clasping her hands and speaking in a slightly theatrical manner. "My husband, Sir Henry Studley, is very unwell, and I want you to come to see him-can you?--will you ?" " With pleasure," I replied. "Where do youlive" ? "At Studley Grange, in Wiltshire. Don't you know our place ?" " I daresay I ought to know it," I replied, " although at the present moment I can't ,.ecall the name. Yoau sant"eytto come th rc a this mio, i1ft tendant ?" "No, no, not at all. The fact is, Sir Henry has not got a medicalattendant. He dislikes doctors, and won't see one. I want you to come and slav with us for a week or so. I. have heard of you through mutual friends the Onslows. I know you oa effect remark. able cures, and you have a great deal of tact. But you can't possibly do anything for my husband unless you are willing to stay in the house and to notice his svmotoms." Lady Studley spoke with great emphasis A~0 earnestness. Her long, slender hands were clasped tightly together. She had drawn off her gloves, and was bending forwardin her chair. Her big, childish and somewhat restless blue eyes were fixed im ploringly on my face. " Ilove my husband," she said, tears sud denly filling them-" and it is dreadful, dreadful, to see him suffer as he does. He will die unless someone comes to his aid. Oh, I know I am asking an immense thing, when 1 bee of you to leave all your patients and come to the country. But we can pay. Money is no object whatever to us. We can, we will, gladly pay you for your ser-. vices." "I must think the matter over," I said. " You flatter me by wishing for me, and by believing that I can render you assistance, but I cannot take a step of this kind in a hurry. I will write to you by to-night's post if you will give me your address. In the meantime, kindly tell me some of the symptoms of Sir Henry's malady." "I fear it is a malady of the mind," she answered immediately, " but it is of so vivid and so startling a character, that unless relief is soon obtained, the body must give way under the strain. You see that I am very young, Dr Halifax. Perhaps I look younger than I am-my age is twenty-two. My husband is twenty years my senior. He would, however, be considered by most people still a young man. He is a great scholar, and has always had more or less the habits of a recluse. He is fond of living in his library, and likes nothing better than to be surrounded by books ,of all sorts. Every modern book worth reading is [forwarded to him by its publisher. He is a very interest ing man and a brilliant conversationalist. Perhaps I ought to put all this in the past tense, for now he scarcely ever speaks-he reads next to nothing-it is difficult to per* uade him to eat-he will not leave the house -he used to have a rather ruddy complexion -he ianow dcadly pale and terriblyo.ma manner, and seems to be in a state' f ex treme nervous tension. In short, he is very ill, and yet he seems to have no bodily disease. His eyes have a terribly startled expression in them-hii hand trem. bles so that lie can searcely raise a cup of tea to his lips. In short, he looks like a man who has seen a ghost." " When did these symptoms begin to ap pear?" I asked. "It is mid winter now," said Ladv Studley. "The queer symptoms began to show themselves in my husband in October. They have been growing worse and worse. In short, 1 can stand them no longer," she continued, giving way to a short, hysterical sob. "I felt I must come to someone-I have heard of you. Do, do come and save us. Do come and find out what is the matter with my wretched husband." " Iwill write to you to-night," Isaid, in as kind a voice as I could muster, for the pretty anxious wife interested me already. " It may notbe possible formo to stay at Studley Grange for a week, but in any case I can pro mise to come and see the patient. One visit willprobably be sufficient-what your hus band wants is, no doubt, complete change." " Oh, yes, yes," she replied, standing up now. " I have said so scores of times, but Sir Henry won't stir from Studley-nothing will induce him to go away. He won't even leave his own special bedroom, although I expect he has dreadful nights." Two hectic spots burnt in her cheeks as she spoke. I looked at her attentively. " You will forgive me for speaking," I said, "but you do not look at all wellyourself. 1 should like to prescribe for you as well as your husband." "Thank you," she answered, "I am not very strong. I never have been, but that is nothing-1 mean that my health is not a thing of consequence at present. Well, I must not take up any more of your time. I shall expect to get a letter from you to morrow morning. Please address it to Lady Studley, Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria." She touched my hand with fingers that burnt like a living coal and left the room. I thought her very ill, and was sure that if I could see my way to spending a week at Studley Grange, 1 should have two patients instead of one. It is always difficult for a busy doctor to leave home, but after carefully thinking matters over, I resolved to comply with Lady Studley's request. Accordin ly, two dayp later saw me on my -way-to-Wiltehire-andd to 'Tiadley-Gruage7 A brougham with two smart horses was waiting at the station. To my surprise I saw that Lady Studley had corme herself to -•etoh me. " I don't know how to thank you," she said, giving me a feverish clasp of her hand. "Your visit fills me with hope-I believe that you will discover what is really wrong. Home !" she said, giving a quick, imperious direction to the footman who appeared at the window of the carriage. We bowled forward at a rapid pace, and she continued : " I came to meet you to-day to tell you that I have used a little guile with regard to your visit. I have not told Sir Henry that you are coming here in the capacity of a doctor." Here she naused and gave me one of her restless glances. " Do you mind '" she asked. " What have you said about me to Sir Henry ?" I inauired. " That you are a great friend of the Onslows, and that I have asked you here for a week's change," she answered immediately. '. As a guest, my husband will be polite and delightful to you-as a doctor, he would treat you with scant civility, and would probably give you little or none of his confidence." I was quite silent for a moment after Lady Studley had told me this. Then I said: 1' Had I known that I was not to come to your house in the capacity of a medical man, I might have re-considered my earnest desire to help you." She turned very pale when I said this, and tears filled her eyes. "Never mind," I said now, for I could not bk-be touched but by her extremely pathetic and sufferi-ng ace, by the look of great llness which was manifested in every glance. " Never mind now; I am glad you have told me exactly the terms on which you wish me to approach your husband ; but I think that I can so put matters to Sir Henry that he will be glad to consult me in my medical capacity." "' Oh, but he does not even know that I suspect his illness. .It would never do for him to know. I suspect ! I see! I fear! but I say nothing. Sir Henry would be much more miserable than he is now, if he thought that I guessed that there is anything wrong with him." " It is'impossible for me to come to the Orange except as a medical man," I an swered firmly. " Iwill tell Sir Henry that you have seen some changes in him, and have asked me to visit him as a doctor. Please trust me. Nothing will be said to your husband that can make matters at all uncomfortable for you." Lady Stulley did not venture any further remonstrance, anid we now approached the old Grange. It was an irregular pile, built evidentlyaccording-to the wants of the dif ferent families who had lived in it. The building was long and rambling, with rows of windows filled up with panes of lattice glass. In front of the house was a sweeping lawn, which, even at this time of the year, presented a vel vety and well-kept appearance. We drove rapidly round to the entrance door, and a moment later I found myself in the presence of my host and patient. Sir Henry Studley was a tall man with a very slight stoop, and an aquiline nose and rather noble face. His eyes were dark, and his forehead inclined to be bald, There was a courtly, old-world sort of look about him. He greeted me ith-ex tean;*iina i ,-an we n inta.e te : ' Lady Studley was vivacious and lively in the extreme. While she talked the hectio spotscame out again on her cheeks. My un easiness about her increased as I noticed these symptoms. I felt certain that she was not only consumptive, but in all probability she was even now the victim of an advanced stage of plthisis, I felt far more anxious about her than about her husband, who ap peared to me at that moment to be nothing more than a somewhat nervous and hypochon driacal person. This state of things seemed easy to account for in a scholar and a man of sedentary habits. I remarked about the age of the house, and my host became interested, and told me one or, two stories of the old inhabitants of the' Grange. He said that to-morrow he would have much pleasure in taking me over the building. " Have you a ghost here ?" I asked, with a laugh. I don't know what prompted me to ask the question. The moment I did so Sir Henry turned white to his lips, and Lady Studley held up a warning finger to me to intimate that I was on dangerous ground. I felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion into safer channels. Inadvertently I had touched on a eor0 spot. I scarcely regretted having done so, as the flash in the baronet's troubled eyes, and the extreme agitation of his face, showed me plainly that Lady Studley was right when she spoke of his nerves being in a very irritable con dition. Of course, I did not believe in ghosts, and wondered that a man of Sir Henry's calibre could be at all under the in fluence of this old-world fear. "I am sorry that we have no one to meet you," he said, after a few remarksof a com monplace character had divided us from the ghost question. "But to-morrow several friends are coming, and we hope you will have a pleasant time. Are you fond of hunt ing?" I answered that t used to be in the old days, before medicine and patients occupied all my thoughts. "If this open weather continues, I can probably give you some of your favorite pas time," rejoined Sir Henry; "and now ner haps you would like to be shown to your room.' My bedroom was m a modern wing of the house, and looked as cheerful and as unghost. like as it was possible for a room to be. I did not rejoin-my host and hostess until dinner iiothing of any importance occurred, and shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Studley left Sir Henry and me to ourselves. She gave me another warning glance as she left the room. I had already quite made up my mind, however, to tell Sir Henry the motive of my visit. The moment the door closed behind his wife, he started up and asked me if I would mind coming with him 'into his library. "The fact is," he said, "I am parti cularly glad you have come down. I want to have a talk with you about my wife. She is extremely unwell." I signified my willingness to listen to any thing Sir Henry might say, and in a few minutes we found ourselves comfortably established in a splendid old room, completely clothed with books from ceiling to floor. " These are my treasures,"said the baronet, waving his hand in the direction of an old bookcase, which contained, I saw at a glance, some very rare and precious first editions. " These are my friends, the companions of my hours of solitude. Now sit down, Dr Halifax; make yourself at home. You have come here as a guest, but I have heard of you before, and am inclined to confide in you. I must frankly say that I hate your profession as a rule. I don't believe in the omniscience of medical men, but moments come in the lives of all men when it is necessary to unburden the mind to another. May I give you my confidence ?" "One moment first," I said. "I can't deceive you, Sir Henry. I have come here, not in the capacity of a guest, but as your wife's medical man. She has been anxious about you, and she begged of me to come and stay here for a few days in order to render you any medical assistance within my power. I only knew, on my way here to-day, that she had not acquainted you with the nature of my visit." While I was speaking, Sir Henry's face became extremely watchful, eager and tense. "This is remarkable," he said. "So Lucilla is anxious about me? I was not aware that I ever gave her the least clue to the fact that I am not -in perfect health. This is very strange-it troubles me." He looked agitated. He placed one long, thin hand on the little table which stood near, and pouringouta glass of wine, drank it off. I noticed as he did so the nervous trembling of his hand. I glanced at his face, and saw That ia was thin to emaciation. " Well," hesaid, "I am obliged to you for being perfectly frank with me. My wife scarcely did well to conceal the object of your visit. But now that you have come, I shall make use of you both for myself and for her." " Then you are not well ? " I asked. .' Well! " he answered, with almost a shout. "Good God, no! I think 1 am going mad. I know-I know that unless relief soon comes I shall die or become a ra cing maniac." "No, nothing of the kind," I answered, soothingly ; "you probably want change. This is a fine old house, but dull, no doubt. in winter. Why don't you go away ?-to the Riviera, or some other place where there is plenty of sunshine? Why do you stay here ? The air of this place is too damp tobe good for either you or your wife. Sir Henry sat silent for a moment, then he said,in a terse voice : "Pernaps you will advise ne. what to do after you know the nature of the malady which afflicts me. First of all, however, I wish to speak of my wife." "1 am ready to listen," I replied. "You see," he continued, "that she is very delicate?" "Yes," I replied; "to be frank with you? I should say that Lady Studley was con sumptive;' He started when I said this, and pressed his lips firmly together. After a moment he spoke. " You are right," he replied. " I had her examined by a medical man-Sir Joseph Dunbar-when I was last in London; he said her lungs were considerably affeoted and that, in short, .he was far from well," " Did he not. order you to winter. abroad " " He'did, but Lady Studley opposed the idea so strenuously that I was obliged to yield to her entreaties. Consumption does not seem to take quite the ordinary form with her. She is restless. she longs for cool air, she goos. out on quite cold days, in a closed carriage, it is true. Still, except at night,she does notregard herself in any sense as an invalid. She has immense spirit--I think she will keep up until she dies." " You speak of her being an invalid at night," I replied. "What are her symp tomns " Sir Henry shuddered quite visibly. "Oh, those awfulnights," he answered. "How, happy would many -poor: maor tals be -.but for the 'terrible 'time of darknesse. Lady- Studley had dreadful nights for some - time; perspirations, cough, restlessness, bad dreams and all the rest of it; But'I must hasten to tell you my story quite briefly. In the be ginning of October we saw Sir Joseph Dun bar. I should then, by his advice, have taken Lady Studley to the Riviera, but she opposed the idea with such passion and die tress, thatI abandoned it." Sir Henry paused here, and I looked at him attentively. I remembered at that moment what Lady Studley had said about her husbandi refusing to leave the Grange under any eiroumstances. " What a strange game of croas-purposes these two were play ing. How was it possible for me to get at the truth ? " At my wife's earnest request," continued Sir Henry, "we. returned to the Grange. She declared' her firm intention of remaining here until she died. -" Soon after our return she suggested that weePha.rat rooms at night, of theinfectious nature o: consumption. I complied with her wish on condition that I slept in the room next here, and that on the smallest emergency I should be sum moned to her aid. This arrangement wal made, andher room opens into mine. I have sometimes heard her moving about at night--I have often heard her cough, and I have often heard her sigh. But she has never once sent for me, or given me to understand that she rer?ired my aid. She does not think herself very ill, and nothing worries her more than to have her malady spoken about. 'That is the part of the story which relates to my wife." " She is very ill," I said. " But I will speak of that presently. Now, will you favor me with an account of your own symptoms, Sir Henry ?" He started again when I said this, and going across the room, looked the door and put the key in his pocket. " Perhaps you will laugh at me," he said, "but it is no laughing matter. I assure you. The most terrible, the most awful affliotion has come to me. In short, I am visited nightly by an appalling apparition. You don't believein ghosts, I judge that by your face. Few scientific men do." "Frankly, I do not," I replied. " So called ghosts can generally be accounted for. At the most they are only the figments of an over-excited or diseased brain." " Be that as it may," said Sir Henry,"the diseased brain can give such torture to its victim that death is preferable. All my life I have been what I consider a healthy-minded man. I have plenty of money, and have never been troubled with the cares which torture men of commerce, or of small means. When I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most lucky and the happiest of mortals." " Forgive a personal question," I inter rupted. " Has your marriage disappointed you?" ' " No, no ; far from it," he replied with fervor. " I love my dear wife better and more deeply even than the day when I took her as a bride to my arms. It is true that I am weighed down with sorrow about her, but that is entirely owing to the state of her health." " It is strange," I said, " that she should be weighed down with sorrow about you for the same cause. Have you told- her of the thing which terrifies you ?" "\Never, never. I have never spoken of it to 'aortal. It is remarkable that my wife -ahoul?t-haivetold you.that.. I looked like:a man who had seen a ghost. Aias ! alaif But let i.me tell you the cause of my shattered nerves and failing health." "Pray do, Ishall listen attentively," I re plied. "Oh, doctor, that I could make you feel the horror of it !" said Sir Henry, bending forward and looking into my eyes. "Three months ago I no more believed in visitations, in apparitions, in so-called ghosts, than you do. Were you tried as I am, your scepticism would receive a shock. Let me tell you what occurs. Night after nightLady Studley andl retire to rest at the same hour. We say good night, and lay our heads on our separate pil iows. The door of communication between us is shut. She has a night.light in her room I prefer darkness. I close my eyes and pre. pare for slumber. As a rule I fall asleep. Myaleep is of short duration. I awake with beads of perspiration standing on my fore. head, with my heart thumping heavily and with every nerve wide awake, and waiting for the horror which will come. Sometimes I wait half an hour \--sometimes longer. Then I know by a faint ticking sound in the darkness that the Thing, for I can clothe it with no name, is about to visit me. In a certain spot of the room always in the same spot, a bright light suddenly flashes; out of its midst there gleams apreternaturallylarge eye,whichlooks fixedly at me with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long; but as agony counts,it seems to take years of mylife away with it. It fades as suddenly into grey mist and nothingness as it comes, and, wet with perspiration, and struggling to keep back screams of mad terror, I bury my head in the 'ed clothes." " But have you never tried to investigate this thing ?" I said. "I didat first. The first night 1 saw it, I rushed out of bed and made for the spot. It disappeared at once. I struck a light-there was nothing whatever in the room." " Why did you sleep in that room '" SI must not go away from Lady Studley. My terror is that she should know anything of this-my greater terror is that the appa ?ation, failing me, may visit her. 1 dareeay you think I'm a fool, Halifax; but the fact is, this thing is killing me, brave man as I consider myself." " Do you seeit every night ? " I asked. "Not qtute every night, but sometimes on the same night it comes twice. Sometines it will not come at all for two nights, or even three. It is the most ghastly, the most hor rible form of torture that could hurry a sane man into his grave or into a madhouse." " I have not the least shadow of aoubt," I said, after a pause, " that the thing can be accounted for," Sir Henry shook his head. "No, no," he replied, "it is either as you suggest, a figment of my own diseased brain, and therefore just as horrible as a real apparition; or it is a supernatural visitation. .Whether it exists or not, it is reality tome and in no way a dream. The full horror of it is present with me in my waking moments." "Do you think anyone is playing an awful practical joke?" I suggested. " Certainly not. What object can anyone have in scaring me to death? Besides, there is no one in the room, that I can swear. iMy outer door is locked, Lady Studley's outer door is looked. It is impossible that there can be any trickery in the matter." I said nothing for a moment. I no more believed in Ghosts than I ever did, but I felt certain thatthere was grave mischief at work. Sir Henry must be the victim of a hallucina tion. This might only be caused by functional disturbance of the brain, but it was quite serious enough to call for immedi ate attention. The first thine to do was to find out whether the apparition could be accounted for in any material way, or if it were due to the state of Sir Henry's nerves. I began to ask him certain questions, going fully into the case in all its bearings. I then examined his eyes with the ophthalmoscope. The result of this was to assure me beyond doubt that Sir Henry Studley was in a highly nervous condition, although I could detect no trace of brain disease. "Do you mind taking me to your room ?" I eid, !'Not.to-night," he. answered. -' It is late, and Lady Studley might express sur prise. The objeot of my life is to conceal this horror from her. When she is out to morrow you shall come to the room and judge for yourself." "' Well," I said, " I shall have an interview with your wife to-morrow, and urge her most strongly to consent to leave the Grange and go away with you." Shortly atterwards we retired to rest, or what went by the name. of rest in that sad hoiise, with its troubled' inmates. I must confess that, comfortable as my room was, I slept very little. Sir Henry's story stayed with me all through the hours of darkness. I am neither nervous nor imaginative, but I could not help seeing that terrible eye, even in my dreams. ? I mete': my host and hostess at an. early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed that' as the day was warm and fine, I should ride to a neighboring m~eeft.' -I was not in the humor for this, however,, and said frankly that I should prefer .remaining a~t the Grange. One glance into the faces of my host and hostess told me only too plainly that I had two very serious patients on my hands.' Lady Btudley looked terribly weak -and excited--the hectic spots on her cheeks, the gleaming glitter of hber eyes, the parched lips, the long, white,. emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the strides the malady under which she wds suffering was making. :. - " After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad,"Isaidto myself. "Sheishasten ing rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth can save her. She looks as if there were extensive disease of the lungs. How restless her eyes are, too ! I would mruch rather testify to Sir Hesry's sanity than to hers.". sleepless night-his aee, was ", averted his eyes from mine; he ate next to nothing. (To BE cONTINUED.) 