THE MERCURY. HOBART: SATURDAY, SEPT. IS, 11194. EPITOME OF NEWS. Premier has gono Non li until Tuesday. Mr. Back altering time-tables on West 1 Coast railways. , - | Parliament meets October 23. Assessment Bill only work for new session. [ Dr. Maxwell back on duty at General I Hospital. i Dr. Macfarlane, of New Norfolk, leaving for Melbourne for a trip. . Government Labour Bureau still doing [ quiet service to unemployed. | Grand huut ball and trial of hunter's at Green Ponds early in October. Cabinet decided to have closo season for seals. I Ministerial tour to North-West Coast fixed I for week ending 20th inst. ' [ Village settlement Bites to be inspected forthwith by experts. Mr. Huntley J. Clarke has passed Sur- veyors' examination with credit. Treasurer has referred commission and . freight question to Crown law officers. j Mr. It. Snowdon took his seat as a member of the Hobart Hospital Board yesterday. Junior Football Association close their season to-day. | . City v. Launceston football match at Latin i cestón this afternoon. Chief Justice heartily welcomed by the bar yesterday upon his ro'urn from England. I In tho Hobart divorce case of Wilson v. Wilson and Taylor, rulo nisi trranted. Complaint against another attorney men- tioned yesterday in the Supreme Court. St. David's fancy fair will realise ¿'40. | Good business on second day. New Town Band of Hope und cake fair on 19th ir.st., at Temperance-hall, New Norfolk Fruit Board annual mooting on Saturday, 20th inst. Pigeon honiinc match, Boss to Launceston, yesterday won by Grubb's Woo Wee. Blind Society concert on Monday at Town hal'. Hermit's Bull reheatsil« to-night at St. David's schoolroom at 7 ."0. lteminder given of Horal feto at Exhibi- tion-building on the 19th inst. Premier suggests that Hospital Board may have the duties paid on its impor:ed atoros refunded, or accept a lump-sum tor the lot. Hospital Board aerees to allow one of its House Surgeons to do medical duty at the gaol under certain provisions. The llioser soasoning process to bo exten- sively applied to Tasmanian timbers for export to Europe. An important decision as to the rights of bicyclists on tho highway given by Full Court yesterday. Supreme Court yestorday premitted trustoes to defer sale of roal estate of late Mr. G. A. Mace, Spring Bay. Nubeena makes excursion to Brown's Uiver to-morrow afternoon. City Band on board. Secretary of State forwards memo, to His Excellency the Governor concerning re- ciprocity treaty with Spain. Thursday next the last cars on the tram lines will leave town at 10 o'clock instead of 11 o'clock (for that night only). Fishing ketch Wild -Wave ashoro and« breaking up on West Sandy Cape. Two men missing. ?. Professor G. A. de Blumenthal announces that, by-roquost, he will repeat his phreno- logical lecture entertainment at the Tas manian-hall, on Tuesday evening next. Annual meeting of Bathing Association Limited held last evening. Hot sea-water baths reported to be very highly spoken of by the medical profession. Tenders for catering for the Tasmanian International Exhibition maybe sent in until noon on the 29th hurt. Particulars appear in advertising columns this day. A requisition to the manager of the TJ.3.S. Co. of New Zealand to retain the first officer of the s.s. Oonah in his, present position instead of transferring him'to another branch of the service appears jn advertising columns, infhieiitially signed by commercial firms. Football season in Victoria closes to-day. France establishing au arsenal and per- manent war fleet at Madagascar. Cyclone in Missouri derailed train. Two lives Inst. Shaw Havill le 'Co. pay ti per cent, interim dividend. Bermondsey fire damage estimated at £80,000. Scotch coal miners resuming work at old rate of pay. . Two days' fighting between Chineso and Japanese. Results indecisive. New Zealand woods in increasing demand in England. . H.M.S. Pyladas ordered to the Australian station to replace Ringarooma. .. - . . , French conqnert of Madagascar tttiaatsd to cost tour millions in rooney and untold { lives. j Proposal made to place an Australian Judge on the Bench in Kngland, to deal with Australian appeal cases. Dutch marchant robbed of £5,000 worth of diamonds in Hatton Garden, and badly maltreated by three bogus doalers. Cattle per s.s. Maori King, from Sydney, haye arrived safely in London, but mostly in poor condition. t Baring Brothers' liabilities to Bank of England' reduced £1,075,000 since February last. New South Walos conversion loan of £832,000 now on London market, and already at a premium. ' Corea under treaty provides Japanese troops with food supplies during the war with China President of Brazil has ordorod the sum- mary shooting of a batch of officers of the revolutionary army and navy, and also of disaffected civil ofhi'ials. M. do Witto, Bu sim Minister of Finance, says with respect to Kastorn question that all Russia wants is freo passage to the fleets of the world through the Dardanelles and Bosphorous._ The electoral strugglo now going ou iu Victoria, and which gets hotter every day, will be watched witli the most intense interest by all the colo- nies. For the fight is now getting to be clearly defined as between two principles, principles which may be said to bo fairly- dividing the world, that is, whether freedom or restriction is the better 'thing to promote the physical welfare of a people. Some years ago, possibly nearly a quarter of a century, the people of Victoria, incited thereto by a number of politi- cians who had made the discovery that learned people were all wrong, and only'the ignorant right, decided un- mistakably in favour of restriction. This decision was, it is as well to re- member, not brought about solely by the action of the working-classes, as is oftenstated,butby tho help and concur- rence of a largo number of tradesmen, who firmly believed that a system of protection would promote their indus- tries. This belief is widespread, it prevails indeed in most parts of the world, and it is the natural outcome of what appear to be the facts of the case. We may hear the case, as it appears to the speakers, stated almost any day when our own Parliament is in session, with au absolute confi- dence that shows that they are in earnest, and that they believe that there is no answer to their arguments. Where they fail is in not having mastered alL the factors which belong to the case. This is, of course, the cause of failure not only in most arguments, but in most human affairs, as the world has had amply illustrated to it in war, the great generals being those who can see the whole of the factors of a given position, ¡and the ordinary generals those who can only see a part of them. The progress of affairsin Victoria hasfully demonstrated this great truth. In the early days, in what are sometimes called the fifties, when the main industry of the colony was mining, the miners clamoured for protection, on the plea -a natural aud commendable one that they did not wish their children to be forced to pursue so precarious an employment. They saw, too, that mining for gold must inevitably be- come more and more unremunerative, because the rich deposits were being steadily worked out. They said, therefore, "let us create industries at which our children may work, and not be like their fathers delvers' ot the earth, toiling underground for an uncertain reward." This policy had tlie approval of Oaklyli;, who told Sir C. ù. Di'prv that the miners were clearly right, as, we suppose, everybody will say, so far as their intention is concerned. No one will doubt that a country which has an abuudance of varied industries is likely to bo the most prosperous and most happy, so that as to the end there never was any difference of opinion, though, in the usual fashion, the free- traders were charged with desiring to make the colony a sheep-walk, and to pander to the owners of the big blue- stone warehouses in Fliiidera-atreet. However, what the miners were told was, not that industries should not be fostered and promoted in every possible way, but that if they sought to do so by means of protective legislation they would help to heavily weight the unprotected industries, and would finally discover that they liad foredone themselves. We are now able to see how far each side was correct, Victoria has been fairly delivered over to the workingmen and their friends to do the best for themselves, and they have done what seemed to them to be best with a courage and per- sistency that may be taken to show the entire faith which they had in their opinions. What, however, have been the re- sults of the policy pursued ? This is the great question that is being dis- cussed in Victoria to-day on a hundred or more platforms, and it is a question which concerns the whole of these colonies in many ways. It is admitted on all hands that one eftectof the policy has been to cause a great pressure of population in Melbourne. This process of centralisation was carried so far that it became a phenomenon, of which the Victorians were wont to boast, because'they did not see that there was rottenness at the core. They are now boasting that recently 40,000 persons have been sent on to the land, where they, and many more, would have been naturally but for the special inducements that were held out to attract them to the metropolis. It is not said that all these induce- ments were in the shape of protective duties, though they were the major influence, there being many minor ones in the way of lavish expendi- ture of borrowed money, which was also the policy of; those who now call themselves the special friends lof the Workiugman. When, once | this agglomeration" of population had taken place, the usual and in- evitable results followed, and the j political-economists, a much-abused race, were again vindicated. It is an axiom that any trade which is speci- ally favoured .always attracts capital and enterprise, and, therefore, the protected industries were so thronged that they' began to compete with each other, the .result being that they be ! caine mutually destructive. We now find the speakers at the election meetings talking about "the misery among the factory workers in Mel- bourne," and we see that the boot- makers are not trying to get a minimum, but a living wage. Further, -we find from the official statistics that whilst in 1890 the number of per- sons employed in industries in Victoria was 59,131, in 1894 the number had fallen to 39,815. In fact, the figures I show that |there was a decrease of some 20,000 males working at various industries in the course of less than four years. The question which will bo, to a certain extent at all events, decided at tho general elcctiou is, shall the old system be still further pursued, or shall an attempt be made to return to one of greater freedom ? As far as we can gather from the reports in tho news- papers, the Trades-ílall nnd the arti-1 sans generally are in favour of pur- suing tho old course, because they believe that it puts money into their pockets. To them the fact seems to be demonstrated that if their trade is protected by a duty of 50 per cent, they must profit by it, and they are not moved in the least by the appeal to facts, which show that trades so protected do uot flourish aoywhero for long, and that a country which tries so to protect all its trades inevitably has a series of industrial crise". As we have said, they do not see all the factors of the case. Their ad- visers are calling to them," stick toyour old leaders and your old principles," which means a policy of practical prohibition, because the discovery has been made that protection as tried hitherto does not protect. Neither will prohibition prohibit. Of that much they may be sure. They will do for themselves what the foreigner cannot do for them, and they will tear each other iii the foul slime of a rotten system. That is their business. But, unhappily, if this old policy should be triumphant, a3 it may, it means for the other colonies narrow views and un national action, it means the reign of selfishness in all its many forms, and it means a dread of Federation as being necessarily opposed to inter- colonial commercial warfare. This is what is behind all the fine phrases of tho leaders of the party. Thus the electoral struggle in Victoria will go some way to decide the immediate future of Australia, that is, whether it shall be a nation, or-a fortuitous con- course of atonic. Tue recent extraordinary proceedings in the Queensland Legiblati ve Assembly httvebróugh'toutclearryonefuet,i]amoly, that the professions made by the Labour members as to their, disgust at the shearers' outrages were pure niakc beliove. For we see that the moment a decided and proper attempt is made' to próvido for the suppression of these-" outrages, these members report to every possible , expedient' to prevent the passage of the Bill, finally becoming so violent that they^iave to bo removed from the Chamber. . They called the Bill a coercion one, the Ministers were described as tyrants, and the attempt to socure the safety of life and property was opposed ns if thepersons sought to be restrained were injured innocents who were lawfully engaged in a meritorious occupation. Yet, thqse persons who were'defended with so much warmth have burned woolsheds and a steamet*, they have destroyed hundreds of miles of fencing and thousands of acres of grass, besides which they have maimed animals in a manner so brutal as to fairly put them outside recogni- tion as men having ordinary feelings of humanity. Besides all this, they have not scrupled to attack the free-workers in the most cowardly fashion, and have done their best to produce a state of terror, throughout a largo portion of Western Queensland ana New South Wales. If these men are to bo defended ina Legislative Assembly on the pleá that they .are amiable wotkers, then there is an end to all law and order, and any body of men must be allowed to dictate what terms they please, and enforce them in their own. fashion. Of course, society could not exist, honest work of any kind could not be counted upon, if the law showed itself to be powerless in such a case, and the world would be delivered over to anarchy pure and simple. Tho moral doducible from what has taken place is, that the. proceedings of these incendiaries and rioters are approved by those' with whom they are connected, a fact which demonstrates the_ utter futility of talking about^onciliation and arbitra- tion. For, it is 'clear that the shearers do not mean, if they can help it, to observe any terms which they do not dictate, in which case, of course, arbi- tration is out of tim question, and con- ciliation a puro piece of humbug. The first thing is to uphold the law at any cost, for unless that is done pure anarchy must ensue. Ounfruitgrowersare frequently charged, with readily agreeing to resolutions moved in public meeting, and covertly,, reserving the right to act in direct op- position to them if it suits them better. Time alone can show whether the out- come of the remarkably unanimous series of meetings just ended in the Derwent and Huon Valleys will be thus unsatisfactory. Meanwhile, it can only be supposed that the growers and those who are championing their causo mude sure of their ground before moving. If this werenotdonCjthecrusadoagainst high freights and monopoly of space lmd better never been organised. Also, if the growers do not intend to stand or fall by what they have declared in the sight of all men during the past week it would lie better for them not to have spoken. Bub it is difficult to conceive that such practical men as fruitgrowers ought to be, met in six different centres, should not under- stand what they were doing. The frowers' position is a simple one. 'hey say that want of competition among the shipping companies tor their English apple freight and too much competition amongst their Hobart for- warding agents, keep_ the charge for carrying a case of fruit from Tasmania to England up at 4s, 6d., which is con-' sidérea to be an abnormally high figure in theso low-priced days. And the growers further hold that the mail companies, having the monopoly of the trade, with a certainty of retaining it as things are now, refuse to adopt im- proved methods of carriage to land our apples^ in better and moro saleable condition. To remove theso obstacles to a proper development of the trade( the Council of Agriculture proposed to undertake the negotiations necessary with steamship owners. Tho growers have everywhere accepted the Council's offer, and everybody hopes' that what should be a profitable industry to all concerned will no longer suffer from the dissensions and disputes in- separable from disorganisation. As an indication of the confidence growers are putting in the ability of the Council to carry through these preliminaries for them, they have already applied for space for nearly 44,000 cases, although the trees are not yet in blossom: This display of confi- dence in the Council is probably due to* the fact that that organisation is com- posed of men who till the soil them- selves. The growers are therefore putting their trust in themselves, in preference to leaving other peoplo todo what is obviously their own business. The fruit statistics of Victoria are of some interest to Tiismauiaus because growers in that colony are entering into competition with Tasmanian growers in outside markets. ! The Vic- torian Government Statist' has just issued in condensed form a moss of in foimation obtained from orchardisU, Ívine growers and'others, wliiahidid not appear in tho earlier issue of agricul- tural statistics. The number of vino growers in 1803-4 was 2.820, an increuso of 279 on tho number thus employed in 1892 3. Tiley produced 358,079cwt. of grapes, and niado therefrom 1,490,181 gallons of wine, a decrease of 201(ijfil gallons on the vintage of the previous year. They, however, increased tho output ot raisins by 7.172c\vt., and of currants ,by 78cwt. thus, as many will say, putting their grapes to better uses. Of other fruits the total ' numbers of coses produced during tho year 1893-4, from orchards and .gardens of one acre and over, aro thus given :-Apples, 402,834 ; pears, 103,269 ; quinces, (53,440 ; plums, 148,249; cherries, 09,001 ; peaches, 50,477 ; apricots, 35,072. Other truite not grown m any quantities in Tasmania total 20,432 cases. Soft fruits are thus enumerated : - .Raspberries, 10,713cwt.; strawberries, 3,032 ; goose btrries, 9,755 ¡ mulberries, 1,228 ; currants, 2,190. Rhubarb yielded i 17,250owt.; walnuts, 19,795lb. The j yield of honey was 725,233lb., and bees- wax, 24,214lb. Those last items were below the usual average, the season having been _ bad for bees, great numbers having died. Those figures ahow that Victoria is progressing by rapid strides towards having a. large sui plus of fruit over and above the re- quirements of her own markets. Session ok Paiii.iamknt. - As lore sluiiiOAod by the Premier in his valedlumry speeuii to the House of Assembly just before tho end of luet session, Minutera have decided to call Parliament toeother again to ugaiu deal with the assessment Bill, to inaugurate their new modo of taxation on. .hu basis of the unimproved capital value, i ,'I'hu dato of meetiug was fixed iu Cubiuct yesterday afternoon to bo October 23 next, and a pioulunmtiuu will be issued in uue coman summoning Parliament for that day. Minisiuru hope that tho sosbion will not last moro than 10 dnyx, as no other business will be transuded beside this one bill, and that has ulrcaay been practically accepted by nil parties in the Assembly, while tho majority in tho Couhcil was very small indeed. Tim 1'KkMiKU.- Sir E, Braddon left flob.u t by the mutt train last night foi* his nome iu the North, und will not return until Tuonday. Ministewai, Trii*,-Arrangements have beuu completed for the Ministerial trip to the North-Weat Coast, the Premier and the At oruoy-Geuerul boiug the only Ministers likely to take the journey. i'hey leave Hobart ou Monday, the 24th iust., spend the night iu Launceston, aud proceed next duy to Latrobe, where in the evening Mr. Clurk will deliver his lecture on Federation. The Premier »ill address his constituents at Ulverstone on one of the following evenings, and Mr. Clark will by request re-deliver his foiletatl. ii lecture ut Devonport. Tni-; ¡-¡kal KixiimuKs.-At tho meeting of tho i ubiuet yesterday afternoon, Ministers decided, as requested by the deputation wiiuu waited upon the Premier on Thursday 11101'L.ing, to declare u close season for seals, so as to prutect the female Beals and their young ones during the breeding season. Toe ilute during which the seals will be pro- tected will be a« desired by those connected ni h tin- fisheries, aud will be duly aunouueed . by proclamation. Tul! Celestial.-Chineso opera has been introduced into Auatia.ua, In.ruferenc« to the quaint performance,1 tho Queenslander atys :-"Tho stage was Acted up as a room in Chinn. The orchestra, which, thuugh small, »us sufficiently uoisy to make con- versation almost impossible, was located on une side of this room, and tim actors entered the stage through two curtained doorways. Theio was only the one act, and when any ohango of neena was desired the property man, -.with his sleeves trolled np aud au ordinary straw hat on his head, simply walked in and effected the noceseary trunt> lormutiuti, The greatest change was the raising of a mountain which a fleeing wanior und his wife had to oioss. This was dune by .three tables and half-a-dozen .chairs piled ou'each other and surmounted * by an artificial bough fixed to the hack of a' chair. Having climbed over this, tho chairs and tables were removed, and the runaways were supposed > to be scores of miles away from the point at which they started. One Chinaman, dressed as a female, 'acted mauy paris,' among them being the fair wife and the young schoolgirl in turn. In the same way tho soldier did duty for a whole army. To the European knowing nothing of Chinese custom or luuguagu the play was unintelligible, but it sceniB that the plot of the story is lixed 17(10 years ago. Two Chiueso generals go to war ; about what is not ascertaintbte, but sine tuero is u woman in the case it is not too much to suppose that she has something to do with it. One is doieatcd and flies with his wife. Both ure pursued, the man is I killed, and the wife becomes one of tho adured of the captor. The remainder is a regular jmtííum in parvo, and moy moan anything. There uro evidently very sorious parts in the opera, since two Celestials at one stage worship at the shrine of Joss, and the features of tho Chinese audience did not betray nny amusement. Comedy is entirely absent, if the perambulations of tho property man may be uxcepted. The acting and singing wore considered very fine by the Chinese present who were spoken to by our representative." The I'NiuiruiVKn. - The Government j Labour Buruuii is pursuing its labours ia unostentatious fashion at the Davey-atroet offices under 'tho direction of Air. George Stuart. During the present week three men have been sent to the Jerusalem coal mines, and thteo have gone to Mr. McArdell at the Mornington brickyards. A pleasing incident of the work has bcuu the receipt froin *one of tho unemployed, who was sent to u place at George's Bay, of u sum of inoiio'y the amouut of expense in. uuri'td in transit, etc., at the time of his engagement, ' Tho director is still anxious to'rocolvo from country employers applica- tions of all kinds where vacancies occur in their establishments. Village Skttlhmest.-The Ladies' Com- mittee entrusted with the settlement of suitable persons on tho land of the colony have sent in a communication to the Minister of Lands, informing bim that they have eira\in up plans, based upon tho Village Settlement syBteir. of the neighbouring colony of Victoria, und that they have made selections of gentlemen who will act on their behalf in the inspection of the sites sucgested in (the inspection of the sites suggested iu the Huon|districr, Thise are Mi. John Hay. No. 3, who will roport upon the land at Southport and South Bruny, and Mr. Groves, of 1 ong Bay. who will lepDrt upnn the land at the Sandfly The Government will also appoint an inspector, und have selectod Mr Oeorgo Wilsou, of Richmond, for the post, and that gentleman has agreed to act ou tlicirlbchalf. These gentlemen aro both pi act ¡cal agriculturists, and are well iqualißed to fulfil the task entrusted lo them, and'upon their loports will depend which site i» chosen for tho sett'ement. A CoMMKitciAi, Tkkaty.-His Excellency the Governor has received u dispatch from the Secretary of State for the colonies, covering a communication from the British Ambassador at Madrid to the Imperiul Government, on the subject of trade between Great Britain - nd her colonies, and Spain and hor dependencies. Ho forwarded the papers to the Premier, the notification being to the following effect :-" Under the pro- visions of au Act recently passed hy the Spanish Corles goods arriving in Spaiu and her ooloiiiesfrcm tho United Kingdom and the British colonies will continue to receive the fame treatment sa heretofore, viz.: In tho Peninsula and the adjacent islands the minimum tariff, togcthor with the advan- tages üonoeded by Treaty to Switzerland and Norway and the Netherlands or other -European States,' except Portugal. In the Spanish eoionies such goods will continue to be treated under the minimum column of the colonial tariff. This treatment will be maintained until a permanent commercial treaty is concluded between the United Kingdom and Spain, or nntii negotiation« now pending for the conclusion of such treaty are formally broken off." Thk MedicalPbokïssion.-The Surgeon,, Superintendent of the Général Hospital Hobart, Iir. K. Maxwell, returned to the colony by the s.s. Oonah on Friday morning, and at once resumed his duties at the institu- tion, bia leave having expired ou that day. .Dr. Maxwell has made un extended tour through New South Wales and Queensland, and has quito shaken off the effects of the severe attack of typhoid fever from which he was a sufferer early in the year. Dr. O'Brien, usBistaut-surgeon at Hie Now Norfolk Hospital for the Insane, will now cunno coining to Hobart, as he has been doing of late, and will assume full charge of the country institution, in the absence of Or. Macfarlane, who leavts for Melbourne for a month's furlough. Dr. O'Brien will be assisted by Dr. Dinhani duriug Dr. Mac- farlane'« abeence from the colony. . BBOADaUBSH .Atiilïtio Si-oír». - Re- minder ia given that nominations must be I lodg«A with the secretary (Mr. Brace) not ' later than to-day. ¡ J i Onn Sditlkmknt to-day contains : I Supremo Court, Hospital Board, The 1895. Apple Kxport, Mining, Launceston, Custon» Duties, Lottora to the lid i tur, Agricultural Notos, To Australian Advertisers, A Lady .lournalist's Offers, Dramatic Notes, Cricket Notos, and Advcrtioetncnts. MUMOil'Ali.-Tho Municipal Counoil will moot on Monday next, ut the Municipal Ccmncil-olmifíAirs, at 4' o'clock, when the following business will have consideration, besides subject« that may require prompt nttoution during the ailinn». Reports from thu various Committees : - Public Works On letter from Mr. K. C. PatU-rsun, asking fur ropairs lo Davey-sttuot ; on letter from Messrs. Perkins & Dour, with releroace to dru ¡migo Commercial-roail ; oh lutter from executors lato llonry Marshal], re sub- dividing propurty Hill and Patrick streets. Waterworks - Un lutter from Chairman Ridnonay Kout) Trust, asking for repairs to road leading to waterworks ; on letter from Hon. Henry Dobson, re caretaker's cottage at Porn Tree, otc, Lighting-On letter from Messrs. Finlay & Watchorn, re. Enabling Bill in couuoution with lighting «erects, etc., with electricity. Town-hall On letter Iroin linn, sea, Ladies' Relief Committee, applying for a seiiea of organ recitals. Order« of tho Day- Reception of teudera for rental of -portion of New Market, etc. Consideration Jf plans and boundaries between Marino Board aud Hobart Corporation. Alderman Bradley To move that tenders bo called for lim pur- chase of mortgage», to tho extent of £10,(100, under authority of 57 Vi*., No. 11, redeem- able at !20 years, i>nd to be in sums of not less than £10U each. _ _ The Timber Trade. - The Premier re- ceived a communication yesterday from Mr. G. S. Perrin, Commissioner of Forests, Vic toria, introducing to him Mr. A. D. Hunter, representing the Rieaer patent proccbs for seasoning timber, who is visiting the colony for the purpnso of arranging fur shiomunt« to Europe, As a olose observer nf the pro- gress made in introduoinu Tasmanian ,titubera to the English, market, Mr. Perrin strongly urges that Mr. Hunter shall be givcu all the support possible. That gentle- man, however, is already well and favourably known in Tasmania, having visited the colony some timo since when Mi esr». Risby Brother«, of liliztihoth-strcet, undertook the . agency for the new process. The succès» ( which has attended the venture is now believed to justify its extension, und this ia to be undertaken on a large scale, the pre- liminaries for which are the motive of Mi. Hunter's present visit, Mr. Bieter, who accompanied bim until he left for Hobart, recently paid a cpecial visit to Europe, and, according to Mr. Hunter, has entered into agreements with the leading houses intei cated in the timber trade, under which shipments will be forwarded regulurly f i um Tusmauia with the least possible delay. Besides street-paving blocks and heavy timber for railway and public works, large orders have bten secured for timbera suitable. for ull kinds of joinery, cabinet making, carriage building, pur. quet flooring, etc. The quantity of cask staves to be shipped will be simply un- limited. Besides forming agencies through- out Europe when there for the sale of our timbers, Mr, Rieser mado financial arrange- ments by which at least 70 per cent, will be paid on each shipment luaving Tasmania, and the balunco on acceptance of the timber on ruachiug ¡is destination. Millions of feet of timber will bo rtquiroi annually, pro- vided tho quality is maintained. Mr. Rieser, after visiting the North-West Coast to arrange for supplies from there, left for Vie toria by the Tarawera on Wodnesday'Iast, but will return to Tasmania shortly to join . Mr.' Hunttr, who romains here to complete the arrangements, Messrs, Risby Brot hi rs have been deputed to represent iho South, whilst Mr. Prutt of Devonport is now nogo tuting with several capitalists for tho erec- tion ol' works in the North, The vista thus opened up for tho trade ia a very uno one, and it is to bo hoped it may bo fouud up to tho aauguine expeotot'Ons of the promoters. This, with the introduction of the woods in their natural state to the European market, should give a very decided impetus to the timber industry, which it ao much needs. The Premier and the Minister of Lands are both interesting thomeolves in Mr. Hunter's mission, and will render him every assist- ance in their power. 'lui! Wüst*Coast Railway Tuai'eic The Minister of Lauds received a telegram from the General Manager of tho Govern- ment railways, Mr. P. Back, yesterday, that gentleman being now on a tour of inspection ou the West Coast. Mr. Back states that he Ima reduced the train service between DunduB and Zeehan, but iocreuscd it be- tween Zeehan and Strahan, und that the . changes will take effect on Monday next. COSOEHT AND DltAMATIO RECITAL - Re- . minder is given of the entertainment which - Ima been arranged by All Saints' Choir for next Monday evening, the purpose being the raising of funds to meet choir expenses. The object is a commendable one, especially to parishioners, and us the choristers have spared no troublo iu the programma ariange mentB, their efforts should be liberally sup- ported. HollAlt'C CllAMURU Ol' COM.MKKCB.-The eoinnuttoe mot ye-iterday attornoon. I'reseut: -Hon. C. H. Grant (in tho chair), Mess». John Hamilton, VV. Ferguson, jun., \V. D. Peacock, and the secretary (Mr. ii, Hawdon). Mr. Henry Dohaon, M.H A., was electid a ' member. With reference to a resolution passed at tho laut annual meeting, that a deputation from tho Chamber of Commerce wait upou the Government and usk Hiern to enter iuto negotiations with the Prcmior of New South Wales, with a view to au inter- change of national produota between New South Wales and Tasmania, tho secretary reported that he had waited upon the lion, the Treasurer, but ho waa unable to receive tho deputation for some days owing to his absouuo from town. It was decided that tile arrangement for the deputation he left ia the hands of the secretary. The date of the adjournment of the annual meeting, at which the Hon. A. I. Clark's paper ia to be read, was also left with secretary to arronne to suit Mr. Clurk'a convenience. The secre- tary waa instructed to place ¿liinsolf in com- munication with the Chambers of Commoice throughout Australia and New Zc. ilaml to learn if they would bo willing to join in the conference which is proposed to he held in Hobart duiing the sitting of the federal Council This was till the business. CiTV Pouch Couitr.-Mr. Bernard Shuw, Acting Police Mugistiato, mid Mr. A. Orup, J P , disposed of the business brought before this Court ycBterduy. Clara Shirley, for bein« drunk in Argyle-strcit on Thurs- day last, was fined i>s , or in default 4S hours' imprisonment. Mary Ann Sou*h wood, for using obscono language in Mel bouruu-sticet on the loth ¡nut., wus fined !>?., or 48 hours' imprisonment. Elizaoelh Smith pleuded guilty to creating a disturb- ance ut un early hour yesterday morning in Liverpool- Btrcet, anti was lined 10>., or in dcfiult seven days' imprisonment, lid ward Jackson pleaded not guilty to unlawfully bmitiug hiswifo. Mai y Aun ,7ackson, wife of the defendant, deposed that on the 9th inst. her husband came home, lockid the door, toole u sassafras stick fiom one if the children, and biat her ubout tho face and arma with it, the marks of which beating »hu still bore. Her children, the eldest of whom ia uoi yet 8, were the only person» who saw him, She waa not intoxicated at tho time, and tho bruises dud not been caused by her falling about. She had given her husband no provocation, but they wero no1 living on friendly terms. The Bench found di foudaut guilty, and inflicted u fine of 10s. and cost«, or in default 14 days' im- prisonment. Georgo Lcathby and Samuel Jacobs pleaded not guilty to improperly deposittugnightsoiliiiMr. Hngan's paddock, Queenborough, Mr. W. W. Perkins ap- peared for tho pt oseen tion, and said that the inspector had visited the, picmisce and fouud tho pans h c1 not been emptied j he ordered this to bo i Ho. t'j'a second visit ho found that the c\ isivé inatter, instead of being huried, hid been thrown on » manure heap, where, instead of being deodorised, it had become} heated. Tile result waa an unbearable stench extending for about .SOO yaida round. A fine of ill | and costs, including professional fee«, wa» inflicted, or in default 14 duya' imprison- ment. The Court then rose. Roval Htj.MAMi Sooim* or Atis TKALASIA.-Mr. Alfred J. Taylor has boen, appointed Tasmanian representative of the above Society, the posilion, having been rendered vacant by the death of the tat* Town Clerk. This Society, which is under the patronage of Her Majoity the Queen und the Governors of the Australasian colonies, has for ita objects the circulation of information regarding the most »puroved methods of saviog life and the rewarding by medals and certificates of those0 who promptly risk their own lives to eave thwe of their fellow creatures. The lust rupoitof the Society shows that foi the yeaiï/twards havo buen granted in 70 cases, TtHmunra rcceiving three bron/.a medals outj of the number given. Tho medalB wore «.warded to George Clarkson (Lutrobo), " Frank Aruhor McDonald (Hobart), and John Copparatus (Launceston), lite services rendered boing reecue from druwning in each oaer. . Richmond Smii.no.Show.-AIIiotereiUa have been requested to attend,» meetiojt to be held at the Blehmond Library this »fur.. \- -SuRVKVons' Examination,-An examina- tion of gentlemen desirous of qualifying us land surveyors was commenced at the Du partmontof Lands and Surveys on September 4, simultaneously with the colouhs of (¿uoensland, Now South Wales, und Vic- ( tarin. Three candidates applied tor cxami-1 nation, but two failed in thu test of qtialiiieulÜri for udmisBiou. Mr. Huntley J. .Clarke, f^¡ gontlomau who was admitted, passed "Willi credit," having gamed 520 marks out of a maximum of 000. Tasmanian I'iioto , foiBNOK, and Akt Association.-&. meeting of this aesouiution was held in thu Museum last evening, thu president, Mr. K. Henry in tho, chair. There wiS a full attendance tn hear n. lecture oy Mr. B. B. La 'lull, M.A., London, entillod, "A visit to Athone." Tho lecture was fully illustrated by a -.number of diiignms aud photographs. Mr. Lo Tall also displayed an, interesting collection of curios aud dried fbwira he had brought from Athens. Theleeturur described in a very graphic manlier the principal ob ?Joeta ol iutoioit in the ancient uity, and provoked much laughter in explaining thu [louuliar dress and manners of the Greeks, The meeting oluaed with a heal ty vote of thanks to the leeturcr. PlQbON Touhnamknt.-Wo have boen re- quested to publish the íesulla of the shoot- ing match which took place at Cooley '»,Sonth Glenorchy, ou Wednesduy last. Preliminary Handiaap Swccpstukes, eight entries-J Byrne aud " Bugdad " divided, each killing '7 out of 8, R. Bowdou coming next with 0. Stake divided. Champion Handicap, tovell birds, 27 competitors, and tho pii/.e» fell to .Í. Byrne 14, J. Burrill 13 ; R. Bowden and A. Denholm 9 eaoh divided third prize. Up to the »ixth round Micro were five ties, but in tho tenth the two tirst-named shcna con \- tiuued tiring off till the 14th round, when Burrill nitssed his bird. Handicap sweep atalie-Threo birds. Fourteeu nominations. V. Bowden, 8 ; Vi. Adcock, 7 ; A. Geai d.O. Double Bird Match- Throe pairs. '24yds. rise. Seven entries. A. Coard, 1-tnreo pairs stiaight out ; J. Smith, 2-1,0,2,1,0 ; K. Read, 3-1,0, 1,0, 1,0. , Ploughing Match at Kvandale.-On Thursday a plouguing match was held on the Loclidalc estate, lent by Mr. t>. Colgrave. There wi« a good attendance, and 15 teams notnpeted,* The ground was yeiy suitable oousideriog the long continuing wet weather,1 àud the work showed a great improvement. OU'that'of last year, particularly iu the double-iurrow and amateur classes. The , tallowing wore tho results:-Class A Open to all, Tasmanian-mado ploughs only J. Smith, 76J points (French & LraKe) ; J, Mahoney, U8J (litmus & Boyle); F. Richardson, ¡>bJ¡ (Hobinson) ¡ 3. Maruncv, ',.¡44 (Wright 4 Waddington). Class li. Local farm ploughs - \V. Bewsher, (¡01 (Crawford & Robinson) ; F. Williams, 67 (Lennon); 3. Franklin, 45& (Crawford and Robinson); T. Williams, 3 ¿ (Crawford aud Rollinson) ; G. Edwards (MuCulman and Garde), 3. Lynch (Crawford & Robinson), | A. Uilos (Lenuun) also competed, Oin ia. '? Clark waa diuiualificd owing to odd furrows. Class C.-Douole farm ploughs, for those that have not won first prize-R. Prewer, Iii (Hornsby) ; S. Bowen, 44, (Henderson) ; IS. Harria (Mitchell), K. Merrington (Uraut). The last two were disqualified owing to in- sufficient depth. LiNnisFAKNB Fisk Paddocks -Though Captain Armstrong has had great trouble in bringing ms scheme before the publie, he is «till determined, and is satisfied that it ' most eventually be a sucuess. He has, how- ever, decided to rcuonstrubt his paddock*, which lie estimates will be 'capable, ot hold- ing from 30,000 to 30,000 fish. The proposed uompony Will u, so be reduced considerably ' ni capital ali a " no liability," and all shares tu be paid up in full, so that there will be no anxiety lu thu subscriber« of shares as to i'uit her calle. The captain anticipates that once the paddocks are stocked it will bo the mean» of regular daily supply aud a con- siderably lower price tor tish. This should also improve the pooition of fishermen, who will find a ready sale for their catches, the half and sometimes thrco-fourths ot which , ,theybavenowotten u> case overboard through the'present manipulation of the market. The uah «hops will alto bo supplied regu- larly, Ihereliy enabling the vendois to ruduue prices. A number of Hobart resi- dents look upon this scheme m a very favourable light, and have promised to givo ". titoir support in currying it out. If bucoesuiul it will Lu a boou to lasniunia generally, arid a great acquisition danny the coming Jïxhitntiun seaiuu. GiutBN Pomj9.-A correspondent writes: -Kxtvneivtj populations ule beiug made by the ladies ot thu towueliip aud neighbour hood for the Hunt Ball on Friday, October !>, for which, as usual, they próvido the supper and other refreshment.!, aud which is oxpeoted to'gather together at least 300 gueatB, invitations having been issued for chat number. Alterations aro beiug made rit the Town-hall,' where tue dance tan.es plaue, a apucial door being cut through on to a ipaclous promenade, which will Do covered in with tarpaulins, and will be both a novelty and a delight, The trial of hunters takes place on the fulloiviug afternoon. COSCEilT ASI) iJIHTIlinttTlOX OK Oll'TS IN Alt> op Unemi'I.ovkd.-The Ülxeoutlvo Com- mittee mor. iu tau loivu-null last uiuht,' Mr. K. VVmUl occupying the chair. Til« him. «eurot&ry;, Mr! A. S. Coi dun,' presented report of his trip to the Nortu iu tim intercut ef- tho muvumuut. Ha stated that in Launceston the matter had been taken up very heartily, and a substantial addition to the funda may be expected trotn there, lie had also been to Lelroy, whore Mr. J. C. William« kindly undertook tau lion, secre- taryship uud letuincd u number of books for distribution. Messrs. Jus. Batten and .lae. Stewart ouch gave £1 to the Secretary for a book of tickets. lu tíeuigó Town, Inspector ¡Steuart, and Mr. Delby of the Cable oihee, uuaurtook to act us joint' lion, secret aries locally, und lo forwaid tho sute of ticket« as much as possible. The former gentleman kindly placed at tho disposai of the secretary his horse and,saddle, which enabled him to nuts out to the Heads und .diepoae of about 30 tickets in an hour among the inhabitants. Sub-Inspector Hayes took the matter up m Beaconsfield, and through his assistance the secretary got rid of about £4 worth of ttcaets lu about as many hours, besides leaving b oka on sale. Altogether the trip had been satisfactory. The Chair- man expressed satisfaction ut tile progress ot the movement, and it was deaiilca. ou the motion of Mr. Forsyth, seconded by Mr. Jarvis, that the secretury be authorised to next visit the Coast for the Baute purpose. Mt*. Conlon mentioned that Mr. Cummins, of Elizabeth street, hud kindly placed tho shop adjoining them ut the disposal of the ooimnitt/ue, wherein to exhibit tho gifts. Acuopttd with thauk3. Scverul accounts were passed for payment, und the meeting closed, willi the Ubini voto of timuka to the Ciiairtnuu und His Worship the Mayor. New '1 own t liAKiTAtii.n Institution. The Daisy Dramatic Club, usiisted by the Strauss Orchestra, gave a most enjoyable entertain ment at the institution inituvciuug. A rattling faico, 27ie i'our-ltaveU Shamrock, caused muoh amusement, and the tmcunu pean solos by Mr. Wallace and the comic songs by Air. 11 eui y woio much appre- ciated. The various items by the orchestra wero well received and applauded. A vote of thanks to the performers brought a most enjoyable evening io a close. Banjos.-Tho fasmauian Military Band will perform in tue Botanical Cárdena to- morrow afternoon, uud in tho Bat ruck-reserve in the evening. The Garrison Bund will per- form iu the Barrack-reserve during to-morrow alternoou, willie tue City Bund will journey to Brown's River on tho Nubeena. HuKUt.i! Champions!!!!',-Miller ' will ?race Johnson over 10 dienta of liurdlos at the Knterpise Hotel, Brighton Junction, for the ohampiouihip of Taemauiu this afternoon. Railway Acciudent.-Alfred Parsons' a young man employed at South Bridgewater railway station, was admitted to the hospital yesterday suffering from severe injuries to his leg while he was doing some shunting in con- nection witVjçrfie 10 a.m. ordinary train Parsons was struck by the cow-catcher, and his leg was terribly, mangled just above the aukle. The bone was splintered, and a large i ed wound was inflicted. He was driven into town by Mr. Cooley of South Bridge- water, and his injuries were treated by Dr. Snrott. An amputation may be avoided, but it will be a some weeks before the sufferer is able to get about. SORRELL PIBLIC LIBRARY - A meeting of members and persons interested in this in. «titation will be held this afternoon at the ., .Library-ball, Sorell, to consider the present iliuancial state of the library,'und, if it is deemed nooetsary, to alter some of the .rules. - Oatlands M kit-in« . or Fakmkiis.- In ' compliance with a requisition siguod by the ratepayers und farmers of the district, 'a public meeliug Inn been convened at Oat .lands Town-hall this afternoon. Soutiiekn Tasmanian Aktiu.iíky,-This .corps is to be inspected by the Command, ant on Monday evening at 7.30 o'olook. Men are to muster at the Buri neks. The other eorpi ure to hu present. ^ ( St, Matthew s Cumie», Nkw Nokimlk. - Tenders for alterations and additions will be received lill noon to-day by Messrs, Norria -and Sbarlaud ., .... < >GsEun'jBoMw.,Pi,ououiNO Match.-All ^peraoos. Interested in .,tbe holding; of this j .\«vo«.ilí*rtqiiéatedto attend a meeting at] ft» vL-tori» Hotel, Green Pond», to-day.'_ | SOOTÍIEIIN Auuicoltitral Show.-The annual show day of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Socioty. October 17, is fast approaching, and doubtless in lending exhibitors are busy preparing their i stock for competing. Tim very liberal prisio [ list has already been reviewed at length. Special promhicuce ii again given to hunters, i a class that al» ays forms one of tho most attractive features of the Show. Although iu soma cuses the value of prizes lias been curtailed, it ¡s noticeable that no diminution bus been made in the amounts offered for hunters. The necessity for improvement in our dairy stock has been fully realised by the Society, and special efforts are being made to attract a cood show of cattle. It is Imped that Lord Gormauston's special prize of £10 for the best bull calculated to improve Tasmanian dairy »look will provoke a large competition and ensure the yarding of aome good cattle. Notwithstanding the lateness of the season, as far as Merino sheep are concerned, lhere should certainly be as good an entry as in former years, while the additional attention LoorwooIs uro receiving in this ool.ony will doubtless bo strongly iu cvideuee in the number and quality of the penning». Agricultural and dairy imple I meut firms are making arrangements, it is I understood, for a fine display. There ia every promise tl'at when the entry list closes on October it it will be as lull as those of former years. Subseribcrs ure reminded that the animal subscriptions are now due, und they are tetiuestcd to forward them to the hou. secretary at the earliest possiblo con- venience. BlSMAIWK AOUICCÍ.TUBAL Boaiw.-The first annual nieeliDg was held on Thursday night last in the State sohool. After ro. enrolling the members present, and re-elect- ing officers for the ensuing year, viz Messrs. G. A. Waller (chairman), E. Hall (deputy-chairman), and A.'W. L. Southern (secretary) the annual report was read, show- ing that the first meeting was held on Sep- tember 14, lSll.'l. Ten meetings had been held since, at which an average attendance of 9'9 had been obtained. Last May the Government Entomologist had given two ibterenting lectures ; a number of subjeots had been discussed during the year, and numerous answers to question« sent to the Central lioaid. The report concluded with a hopeful expression that the deliberations would prove of greater utility in the future. Some circulars were then read, and horticul- tural aud flin ¡cultural exhibits to the Tas- manian Exhibition favourably entertained. Answers to questions re. landlord and tenant were also discussed and given. The meeting then adjourned. Glebi; Towtf.-The ' Town Board held their monthly meeting last night at Addle- stone, when all the members were present, viz.:-Hon. C. H. Grant, M.LC. (chair- man); Messrs. A. Riddoch, W, H. Chever- ton, R. Mempseed (treasurer), and W. C. Sculthorp (inspector). The minutes oi the provlouN meeting were read and confirmed. Several acknowledgments and lottora were read and dealt with. Accouhta amounting to £Hrl3s. 9d. were presented and passed for payment. Various minor mattera wero brought up for discussion by members. The usual time having come round again for making a road rate so as to obtain the Government subsidy, tho Board unani- mously resolved to levy a rate of Is.- in the Jil on the unuual valuation of all property ia the district- of Globs Town, It wa« decided to meet on the aecond Thursday of each month so far as practicable. I Rfcv. Timms Cook's Mission.-Every seat iu the Wcsleyan Church, Melville street, was filled last eveoing, when the Rev. Tbos. Cook preached the words ia Acts i., S-" But ye abell re- ceive power after that the Holy Ghost ha« come upou jou." Tho lack of this power, he urged, was the cauto of so much weak- ness in so m»uy churohcH, They were pray- ing God to do tile work instead of obtaining that I'entccostul power of the Holy Spirit which God oflered to them. They must take the initiative, and the power would be given ; the Churches wera wuuing for it ioBteud of enthusiastically workiug in the power of the Spirit. Pentecostal results and Pente- costal power always went together. That power, as possessed by the early Christians, was the great need of the Churches to-day. Instead, they were putting too much faith iu human expedients and methods ; catering too much for human tastes, and lpting con- fidence in the supernatural. It was possible to preach the Gospel with such brilliancy that the kiiliject waa lost in the brilliancy, Hcimatiniialinu did not answer, und they had to come back to the Spirit. It waa possible for Hie Churches tn have light and an heat, like the Arctic regions. There was a seuse iu which every protesting Christian had this power, but it was r,uito another matter to be filled with tim Spirit. Tlio experience of too many Cburchcs'waa like that of th« Apostles before the day of Pentecost. They must be enthusiasts to succeed, for it took a heart" to win a heart. Moderate men iu religious mattet B accom- plished little ¡ modetato truth was a lie ; and moderate houesty was roguery. On« evil was that bo many of the members of Churches were not workers, the working and the prayiag bsing left to a few. The minister "was put ia the shafts and the members in Ihc waggon, but thu member» should bo iu I the shafts aud the minister on the box dtiving. In mauy Churches thrco-fourths of the members had no real power, but it was intended that all should bo workers, not 1 filled with the dry-rot of formalism and | p-.ltry respectability. If the power was oiftred and uot lecived, a Christian's weak- ness was a criminal responsibility, The mission will bu continued to-morrow (Sun- day). Mr. Cook's subject for tho morning service is announced by advertisement, " How to pray so us to obtain an answer," lu the uftetuoon, at 3 o'olook, there will be u special meeting for men only. P.M. Blmiivr,-The Ladies of . tho Primitive Methodist Church congrocation have been working for some months past, and have now a large quantity of useful and fancy work on hand. To dispose of this and other donutiou«. a monster Beehive will be held iu the old lüxhibitioo-building, Mac quarie-strect, and will be opened an .Wed ne»dsy, September 20, at3 p.m., by Mr. S.' Gregory. The procce Is »re in aid of the Sandy Bay Mission-hall building fund. The committee, bearing in mind the depression which exists, annnuuee that all ai tides will bo sold at prn.es to .mil the times. V.Ü.L. Lormti.- The V D.L. lottery piospectus appears iu our spcciul advertising columns. It ii anticipated that the full amount Mill be subscribed by the end of the year, but iu any case the list will positively close not latef than February 28, lr<93\. The date of the drawing by ballot will be un noumed na early as possible. Mi.mcAi. Um.s or FituiT.-A London phyaiciun hua a very inteiesting paper in a recent issue of the Lauret on the uses of I fruit in the relief of diseased conditions of tho body. The article is worthy of careful perusal, coming us it does from one who has made the mtdical uses of fruits a study for nearly a generation. ïhe physician Bays that he &>>h not want it understood that edible fruits exert tlirect medicinal effects. They simply encouuge the natural processes by which the several remedial processes which they aid are brought about. Under the cuu-goiy of laxatives, oranges, tigs, tamal inris, pi unos, mulberries, dates, nectarines, and plutus may be included. Pomcgrauiti s, cranberiies, sumacberrics, dewberries, blsokberries, raspberries, barberries, quinces, pears, wild cherries, and medlar« are astrin- gent ; grape«, poache», (trawbtrrit», whortleberries, priokly peate, blank anmute, and melon seed» aie diuretlia ; gooseberries, red and white currants, pámpaina, Md melons are refrigerants ; and lemo«*« limes, und apple« are refrigorants and itomaehio sedatiieB. Taken in the early morauj| an orange acts very decidedly as a laxative, sometimes amounting almost to a purgative, aud may generally be relied on. Pome- granate» are very astringent, and relieve relaxed throat and uvu|». The bark of the root in the foi m of a -deceottan is a gotas}' antheltruntic, osptcielly ,ob#ox(ous to trip worm. Figs, split open, $ {pim exyftlMt poultices for ball« ni smtl) ¿»¡-esset. Strawberries and len'iou», locsllj* applied, ate of 'some i>er'»le* io tlic rsinoval of tfjftar from teeth. Apple» are corrective, useful in nausea, and even sea-sickness, ani the vomiting of pregnancy. Thoy immediately relieve the nausea due to smoking. Bitter almonds contain hydrocyanic acid, and are useful in a simple cough ; but they fre- quently produce u gart of urticaria or nettle rash. The peraimmon, or dyaspyros, ia palatable when ripe, but the green fruit is highly .»stringent,, containing rmioh tannin, and is used iu diarrhcoi and inci- pient dysentery. The oil of the cocoanut has boen recoirmonded as a substitute for ood livei oil, untl is much used in Germany for phthisis. Dutch medlars are astringent and not very palatable, (¡rapes and raisins areveiy intuitive aud demulcent, and very grateful in the sick chamber. A so-called grapo has been much lauded for the treat- ment of congestion of the lungs and stomach, enlarged splcoo, scrofula, tuber- culosis, etc. Nothing is allowed but water and bread and several pounds of grapes per day'', -Quince seeds ure dtmul-' cent anil .astringent ; boiled" in water they make, «a ;exce)ient coothing, and sedative 'lotion .in inflammatory diseases of the eyes and eyelids. <( ',,'', ' ? '.' ' TKLEOiurnto.-Perth, West Australia, notifiis: - "Telegraph station oponed at Berkshire Valley ; hours, 9 to IO a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m." A STHIKING SlMlLAIUTV IN SCBNliUY. In Cassull's Piclurcirjue Au-vlralasian, and elsowhere, passing reference' has not infre ( q uently been made to the i csemblauco between the scenery of tho Scotch Highlands and l that of Tasman Peninsula, particularly Port Arthur. Our attention was yestorday drawn to a moro striking similarity in this connec- tion i han any wo huvc yet noticed, Mr. Beattie showed us a photograph of nu island on Loch Katrine, known as " Bob Roy's (he was the Bobin Hood of Scotland) Prison," which Mr, James Lorimer, of the Carnarvon Hotel, Port Arthur, has brought to town with him. This photograph depicts a tiny, true-clad isle, amid calm waters, with a buck ground whero No pathway met the wanderer's viow. Unless ho climbed, with footing nice I A far-projoutiiiK precipice ; Thu broom's tough roots his ladder made, The hazel millings lent their aid. bo like is ibis to the Isle of the Dead that a casual obsorver will hardly detect the difference From a letter written in Novem- ber, 1716, by tne then Duke of Montrose, und other documents, we learn that Rob Roy confined on this island, which, us Sir Walter Scott remarks, "could be no comfortable dwelling for November nights," a certain Mr. Grahmo, of Killearn, for nearly u week. ThiB Highland district lost ita terrors many a year before those of Port Arthur wera conceived. Sir Walter Scott relates that when he vi*itod the place about the year 1792, the custodian of the fort at Iaversnaid, over agaiust the island prison, who was harvesting and unwilling to leave his work, informed Sir Walter that ho would " find tho key under the door," In this year of grace, 1894, it woald not Le difficult to imagine the custodian'of-a'Port Arthur' prison, unwilling to set aside his sickle, directing the tourists " to find the key under tho door." There is yet another counecting link in the fact that the photograph of Rob Roy's Prison' is cxeouted in the studio of Mr. Wilson, of Aberdeoo, Scotlund, where our fellow-citizeu, Mr. Beattio, commenced Ilia career. The photograph in question may be seen in Benttie's window along with one' of j the Isle of tho Dead. ? Salvation Ahm y.-The Chief Secretary, (Colonel Killjoy) will conduot a special public , mooting in the Temperance- hall on Thura- " day evening next, commencing at 8 o'clock, j when Major and Mrs, Cover, who have been appointed to succeed Major Dean a« Divisional Officer for Tasmania, will be in- troduced. They /come with a long and varied experience in Army work, the Major having spent some 15 years as a Cold and staff officer in the old land, ao that be is no novice as regards the working oi the organi- sation ho oomes to represent. The visitor« will arrive at the railway station on Wed- nesday night by the express, and the two local corps, with their brass and timbrel bands, ulao friends and sympathisers ef the Army, will be at the sUtiou to accord the visitor« a welcome. Colonel and Mrs. Kstill, from South Afrio», are expected in by the s.a. Ionic on Wednesday, and it is more than likely they will be present for the Thursday night meeting. The local captains anticipate a large and enthusiastic gathering on this occasion. A torchlight procession will pracode the Thursday night meeting. Physical Ei-fects op Skntimkst.-Pro lessor Elmer Gates has discovered that bad and unpleasant feelings create harmful cheminai product« in the body, which are physically injurious, flood, pleasant, bene- volent, and cheerful feelings create beneficial chemical products which ,are physically healthful. These product«, it is f declared,, may be detected by chemical analysis in tho perspiration of the individual. Professor Gates lisa discovered more than 40 of the bad aud as many of the good. Certainly everyone knowe that grief will p >i«on a mother's milk ; in fact, it geneiates an injurious chemical product so intense io diameter aa to aicken the infant that draws it« nourishment from the maternal fi unt. Of all the chemical products of emotions that of guilt is said to be the worst. If a. small quantity ot that perspiration of a person suffering from feelings of that kind Le placed in a glass tube and exposed to cuutact with selenio aoid it will turn pink. Nono of the other poisons similarly gene- rated exhibit the same phenomenon. Ac- cordingly, pink 'would appear to be the characteristic colour of wrong doing. To sum up, it is found that for each bad emo- tion there ¡a a corresponding chemical change in the tissues of the body, which is life depressing and poisonous, > . Contrariwise, every good emotion makes a iifo promoting change. So it is alleged. New Tailoring Fibm.-By our adver- tising column« it will be seen that a new firm lias opened business in Eli/.ibeth-atreet, next Wellington-bridge.' Messrs. George White & Son, who hu ve had large English and Colonial experience, are the latest aspirants for public favout, they having started as " cash tailors," being convinced that there is ampio scope for conducting business on strictly cash lines, and hy thus avoiding bud debts aro not compelled to make good paying customors pay for bad ones, An entirely now stock, imported from England, bus been opened up. 