The Black Pearl. The harbor of Acapulco is an ideal one for shelter, and after the steamer is once at anchor it is a source of mys tery to the passengers who have not been on deck how she ever entered the quiet little bay. The high, blue mountains in the background, the tall palms and tropical green down to the water*B~odge, along the shore the tiled and thatched houses — among the oldest on the coast — and on the rising ground to the right the ancient fort and military prison — all these make a sight that fill a a lover of the pictu resque with enthusiasm. The waters about the steamer are thick with the boats and dugouts of the bumboat women and dirty native boys peddling fruit, shells, pearls, and a world of indescribableB, all keeping up a constant din of jabbering jargon, that, with the hundreds of half-naked natives passing from the ship to the lighters discharging cargo, makes an exciting scene, in sharp contrast to the peaceful outlook on the shore beyond. From the ship the city seems but a collection o£ small adobes, scattered here and there along the hillside, with an occasional long, low, white build ing in view. But no sooner has the traveller passed the gates of the Cus tom House than a little city of 12,000 inhabitants lies before him under the shelter of the hill, with thriving stores thronged with handsome dark eyed senoritas and men in white linun or bespangled velvet, many of the latter svitli the naming serape hanging over the shoulder. Edmund Warren represented an American house. He had taken the place of the traveller who for years had made the annual visit to the Mexican seaports. He had never seen Acapulco before, nor had Henry San ford, who accompanied him on this trip. They had only just landed and become settled in the miserable excuse for an hotel in time to enjoy a de licious comida, when they felt an impulse to join the throngs which filled the clean paved streets as even ing came and night soon followed the footsteps of the sultry day. Passing down the street leading by -the stores, the market, and the plaza, just back of the Custom House, a small space under sheltering palms opened to view, where night after night the lower classes assembled to watch the fandango. The crowd of dark- skinned men and 'women, all dressed in the garb of the locality, stood out. in the dim light of the long torches' planted here and there among the throng, like ghosts of departed tsenoritas and caballeros. All were watching the couples dancing the monotonous clog quadrille on the low platform to the music of drum, tam bourine, and guitar. With hands on hips and heads thrown back, the dancers faced each other on the boards arms' length apart, and the constant stamping of little feet and the changing from side to side was kept up until all were exhausted and others took their places. The Americans had mingled with the throng about the dancers, watch ing alternately the platform and the groups of girls about. Soon soft eyes had discovered the strangers, and coquettish glances went out from beneath long lashes; Warren was never happy unless in love and in love with every pretty face that came across hi« path. TTia heart beat faster as he caught the glances shot at himself and Henry, and he nearly pinched the latter's arm off as a smile came from a dark-eyed beauty on the edge of the throng. ' Gad, Henry ! Such eyes ! Did you ever see the like ?' he exclaimed. ' I must see where she lives. Are you : with me?' and he rubbed his hands in anticipation of an adventure. Henry was quite as read for a lark as .his companion. Ten o'clock. The dancing -was over, a?ad the crowd scattered through the d.axk streets. , ' You had better look out for that tall Mexican with your beauty, Ned. He may stick a knife into us,' cautioned Henry. ' Nonsense. Oome on,' was the otlrer's rejoinder. '.they did not notice the native polilce, not uniformed, but armed, fol lowing some distance behind as the Americans dogged the footsteps of the first) conquest of the amorous Warren, nor ; did they know their custom of 'ruioning in 'the foreigner on any pretesxt whatever $or the revenue of the paltry fine. Muriella Narvez knew' full well that* her new admirers were close behind, and so did her tall lover.. He bade her good night as WarrtSn and Sanford passed, and went 'back toward the plaza. If the Americans could nave heard his con sultation with Old China, the bumboat -woman and character of Acapulco, they might even now be back in their native city. The= young men retraced their steps and found the olive-skinned beauty still in the door. They saluted. The bow wias returned. 'Ad«»lante, senors,' a pretty voice said, atid they accepted with alacrity the invitation to enter. Candles burnt dimly in. the corner filled with bottles — mescal aguardiente and aquilla. Several other girls, quite as pretty as the capfoar of Warren's transitory affec tions, -were seated about, some on stools and. some on a low couch in the corner, ^wo had guitars. ... 'Here^ luck, Henry,' whispered Warren, aid they were soon quite at home in. the little -white abode, though to Henry there seemed some thing uncajnny about the place. To the Americans used to the luxurious fittings of a metropolitan home, the bare walls and dirty floors covered with palm patates were a new ex perience. : - - While laiajghter and song came from the little house, and the Americans were whispering love nothings in. the ears of netaly-found amoreux, in another house* not far from the 'water more serious words were passing be tween Old China and the tali lover of Muriella. The old dealer in green cocoanuts and occult mysteries was, listening wi&x; SI concealed pleasure tpUMnmin jrttQ-tM^JNfigi&g; *4vra£ at her hands. No love scrape about the shores of that pretty bay ever escaped her notice, and nothing pleased the stout old bumboat woman so much as to be sought out by the amorous of the upper classes to listen to such information, from her lips as is sought from the ' second sight ' mediums, of our own country. . ? 'So you want to buy the Black Pearl. To- buy it ! You fool !' shrieked Old China when the Mexican had finished his story. 'What do you know about it?' ' I know what was said when the comandante was found dead, and that the police were afraid to search for it. Five hundred pesos for its use to-night, that is all I ask.' ' The police are fools, and you are a fool. I know nothing about the Black PearL* 'Come, China. A thousand pesos for its use and the knowledge how to use it.' - ' A thousand pesos,' muttered the old -woman. ' Have you the money with you?' * ? , ' Aye, that I have, and I want its use for only this one night.' China -waddled into an adjoining room, -whence after much delay she brought forth a package carefully wrapped and sealed.* -' You- must not undo this, senor,' she said, ' or you, too, will suffer if you see the pearL' The laughter and song in the abode casita stopped at a knock on the outer door, and Ned Warren's pretty Aca pulcan answered the summons. A neat parcel was handed her by the messenger, which she eagerly un folded. ' With the compliments of ? ,' it said, but she knew the hand writing. ' How funny at jMs , hour !' she thought, but her snapping black eyes danced with glee as she undid the parcel and found it to contain an immense black pearl .'.set in beaten yellow metal of quaint workmanship. At her exclamation of delight the others grouped about, and the object of their admiring dances was laid upon the table for inspect:on. An instinctive shudder passed through Sanford as Muriella laid it under the candle light. It seemed to emit a peculiar light, and a queer, pricking sensation went through his veins as he viewed the jewel — the largest of its kind he had ever seen. As he looked a feeling of exhilaration came over him, such as he had not felt during the evening. ' That last drink of tequila was too much,' he thought, but the others, xoo, were beginning to evince signs of liveliness even greater than aE the hilarity of the night had brought forth. A faint blue haze seemed' to cover every object in the room. ? -The figures of the girls at intervals looked far away and then near by, while a feeling of utter recklessness pervaded his whole being. All the phantasms of the opium eater could not be more weird than those which came into Sanford' s brain as his gaze was rivet ted on the jewel lying among the candles grouped around it on the, table. In their Him light it seemed to grow and grow, emitting a demonia cal glow that, but for the spirit of recklessness which possessed . him, would have filled his soul with dread. 'The fandango,' cried one of iihe girls, with a wild burst of laughter. '? Letus dance once more, for I feel as though my feet were on fire,' and' when the guitar sounded the notes of the dance the dancers seemed, to enter into it with fiendish de light and boisterous enthusiasm. Back and forth they crossed, swaying like willows in the wind, with hands on hips and heads well baok, their feet pattering and stamping to the twanging of the guitar. Faster and faster their movements became, as the music seemed to fill every fibre with its wild action. Five bodies -were found in the abode cacita next morning, but with no marks of violence or other signs to show the cause of death. The gossips of that quaint Mexican seaport tell a -weird tale- of a black pearl, taken from the gulf, that acts upon beholders as does the loco weed upon all -who ' taste that evil plant, and they tell, too, of a mad dance of death years ago when two foreigners and three beauties of the place fell exhausted about the jewel, whose demoniacal fire kept them treading the fandango till every energy was gonev and life went from them, — John Craig in San Francisco. Abgo nautJ . .. ? ' 