» n Ato or MM r I By HEDLEY RICHARDS j Author of "A Welsh. Princess," " The Den Trasedv." " The Omerod Mrstnrr-:" U!fn CHAPTER XIV. — (coxtined.) uowg quiokly up tbe avenue I passed the back of Arden House, from the roof of which a flag hung at half -mast, and proceeded in the direction had taken on Saturday evening when in the company of JLady Arden's maid. After going considerably farther than I had done on that oecasion. I saw a substantial stone cottage, the walls of which were almost covered with honeysuckle and wild roses, whilst a small space which had bsen cleared in front and railed round formed a pretty little garden. Opening this gate, I went up the path and knocked at the door, which stood open. After a minute or two a woman about sixty, but erect and full of life, appeared. " I want to have a chat with you Mrs — — ; " and I waited. 44 My name's Qaibel," she said, in any thing but an inviting tone. 44 Well, Mrs Qui be J, I want to have a talk to you." She looked at me from top to toe — a look which seemed to take my measure — and then she stepped back and called, 44 Eoooh !" " Ay, Martha ; " and a moment or two later a tall, spare man advanced to the door way. " This person wants to speak to me. I don't know him ; do yon, Enoch?" and she looked at her husband, who in his turn studied me attentively, and then said, in a 1 slow, deliberate tone : " Air yon wanting to make love to her?" In spite of my annoyance I burst out laughing. " Eh, mon, you needn't laugh. She's as, comely as many a lass, and seeing you wanted to talk to her, I thought it might be you chanced to think her a widow.'' " No, I'm not after your wife, my friend ; but if vou object to the lady and I having a chat, then you will do as well.'' " Oh, I'll talk, man. Seeing as it's the squire's funeral day, I can spare time ; so come in." " Thank you and I stepped into a spotlessly -clean little parlor, into which the door opened. ' Will yon sit down P" said the woman, handing me a chair, while she stood upright on one side of me, and her husband on the other, waiting for me to speak. While I hesitated how to begin, thinking they were aa queer a couple as it had been my lot to meet, the man said : 44 Talk away, sir ; we're listening." 44 It oertainly looks like it," I replied. 44 And now to begin with, bow long have you lived here P" 44 Well, sir, I don't see how it can concern Jon, but I don't mind telling yon as we've lived here over thirty three years." 44 Then you were here when the squire harried his first wife P" 44 Yes, sir, we were.'' 41 1 understand that yon came from the Same oountry as she did?'1 No reply oame. 44 Why don't you answer me P I asked, ®sther sharply. " You never asked me anything. Yon told at as you understood something, and # it wasn't for me to teach yon," he said, with a grin. 44 Did you come from the same county ? 44 I've been told we did, but X never asked Mrs Arden." 44 Where did you come ftomP" I asked, growing impatient. A 44 From Kent. I should have thoughtour would have told you that — not but what Jt's got mixed with hearing the folks about tore," he said, with a twinkle of his eye, which aggravated me considerably. 4t Was Mrs Arden a good mistress f" " Yes, sir." ' Rid you like her P" Yes sir." 14 How long did she stay with you before we night on which the late Lady Arden was Bordered!" '! We don't entertain ghosts," he said ; but W WW rf J I caught a glance of intelligence pass between him and his wife. I turned sharply on him. 44 Was Mrs Arden here the day on whioh Lady Arden was murdered V 44 Well, sir, there is folks as say spirits is all round ns, so she may have been ; but as the poor lady died in Italy, she'd have a pretty good journey." ki I see you don't mean to answer my ques- j tion," I said. 44 I've answered all as I could," he said, in an indifferent tone. 44 Suppose I tell you that I know that Mrs Arden was alive, and was seen close to your house within a few hours of the murder — what then?" j 44 1 couldn't suppose nothing of the kind." G Whir V T hbWcJ i 44 Because if I did, I should know you was a fool to come questioning me -about what you knew, and you don't look like one." "Do you know who Iain?" 1 asked, suddenly. 44 Of coarse I do. You're one of those poking, prying fellows that they called detectives." I burst out laughing. 44 You don't seem to hold the profession in much esteem." j 44 1 cannot say as I do. And now, sir, I'd like to ask yon a question." "Go on, then." i 44 Why don't you do to-day's work, and leave what happened twenty- four years ago | alone?" II Because, my good fellow, they may be connected." He did not reply. 44 Don't yba think «o?" 44 No, I don't; bat then I'm only a plain chap, hot a sharp detective ;" and there was a large amount of sarcasm in his tone. I 44 Very well. I have reason to believe that 1 Mrs Arden was here prior to the last murder and if the two murders are in any way con nected, yon may find yourself in a queer fix. J To shield a criminal is punishable by law, I and to be accessory after the fact is a danger- | ous thing were murder is concerned." I 44 Bless my heart, do you think that poor I lady is alive, and that I keep her here under I lock and key ?" he asked, with a grin. I 44 1 think yon are a very clever fellow, and j are blessed with what few men are." | 44 What's that ?" I 44 A wife that can hold her tongue." He grinned. 44 Missis, that's because you've let me have all the say. Lor' bless you, sir, there isn't a closer woman in England. You might tell her who you thought had murdered the squire and she'd never let it out till you'd got the rope round the fellow's ueofc." 44 How if it was Mrs Arden ?" I asked. 44 Mrs Arden, if she was living, could take eare of herself, and outwit a dozen detectives," he said, with contempt. 44 Thank yon. You are not very complr mentor/, but I oak compliment yon on being a cute fellow." He grinned again. 44 Yob, I think I'm as sharp a oh&p; as they torn out of Surrey." j 44 Oh, I thought yon hailed from Kent 1" I exclaimed. " 44 Soldo. That Surrey was a sup; I meant Kent." . „ 44 All right I wish you good -morning. 44 Good-morning, sir ; and I hope jeuTl manage this ease so well that my opinion of detectives will go up. I'd always thought them sharp fellows till that Mr Dillon came, and he just lowered the whole lot of them in "todeed I" I said, as I left the house, and proceeded down the garden path into the 41 Commend me to that fellow, whether he s a Kentish -or Surrey man, for downright cool impudence. And as for the vnfe, rf ever I meet with a woman who can hold her tongue as well, why it won't be my fault if I don t feregoall my bachelor comforts and make her Mra&aria;/' 1 CHAPTER XV. — The Squire's Papers. TJeach8d Arden House it was one oclook. It was the hour at which the housekeeper usually dined, but on entering her parlor I found there were no signs of whfahii, ??at3d fiear the wmdow, over which the blinds were still drawn, she was busy repairing some fine linen. As I came forward she looked up. 1 von were going to the funeral, j and so I delayed the dinner," she said. I u i ohanged my mind at the hurt. But how Jt you did not go?" Tasked, as I had I « rS-j uPper servants were attending. I 1 did not wish, Tor; I have never attended I t n tife. ; I very much dislike them, so I explained this, to her ladyship, I and she acquiesced in my desire to remain at I home. I I said suppose it has been a grand funeral ?" '" Yes, if a large number of followers go to make it one. I wonder how many were rners»" she said, in a slightly bitter I I think Mr Geffory Arden mourns his father's sad fate," I replied. Her face brightened 4> I am glad you do not suspect him. I know he mourns his father, though had the latter lived many hours longer he would hav8 an6 uun a grievous wrong; but he forgot that Mr Geffory Arden is the best Arden that has lived for three generations — at least, I judge so from .what I have heard of the squire and his predecessor." 41 Is up pose he takes after his mother?" I remarked. 44 No," she said, quickly. 44 According to all accounts, the late Lady Arden was a very negative character. Amiability was her chief characteristic, and Mr Geffory inherited that, with some of his father's best traits. But they are coming back from. the funeral," she Baid, laying down her work to listen. She was right. The tramp of horses and the grinding of wheels sounded in the dis tance ; then we oould faintly hear a bustle in the great hall, and Miss Wright left the room. j Presently shereturned. | < 44 They are having luncheon, and our I dinner is ooming. After that the will -is I going to be read," she said, as a maid I followed her in with a tray. I During dinner we were very quiet. I had I plently to think about, and my companion, I too, seemed absorbed, and it was not until I we had concluded that she Informed me that I the great bell in the hall would ring to sum- I mon the servants to ihe library to hear the I will read. I 44 So yon will know the time if yon wish to I be present, Mr Mavin." I 44 Don't you intend going in ?" I inquired. I 44 Certainly; but I have a few things to attend to first." Soon after this the bell rang, and I found my way to the library, where I placed my self; in a nook from whioh I oould Bee the different members of the family. Both Lady Arden and Mr Reginald had their feelings well under control ; bat Mr Qeffory evinced some emotion, which I felt sure was genuine. At the conclusion, ths servants trooped oat. Then, while a few of the neighboring gentry were speaking to Mr Geffory, Mr Hayes, the family lawyer, approaohed'me, 44 Will it suit you to go through the squire's papers now?" he asked. 44 1 could not find a better time," I said, eagerly. 4 Then follow me and he led the way across the room. Just as we reaohed the hall, Colonel Ger- maine overtook us. 44 Where are yon going, Hayes P" he in quired. 44 To examine the squire's papers, colonel. . Mr Mavin, the deteotive, thinks it may help him," he said, indicating me. 44 So you are the deteotive ? By all means examine them, and I will join j on," said Colonel Germaine. 44 And I, too," said Lord WiUoughby, who ; just then oame out of the library, and over heard the few last sentences. The oolonel turned round, saying, rather stiffly: 44 Exouse me, my lerd, I am an exeoutor, and as such take part in examining the late squire's papers." 44 And I as representing my nephew, who is also an executor, but under the oiroum- staaces dees not care to be present." | 44 Oh I see," was the enrt reply ; hut this little episode revealed to me that the two men ' were not very friendly, and I afterwards learned that Colonel Germaine had unsuccess fully wooed the lady whom his lordship had afterwards married. The colonel had never forgiven his successful rival, although he was now an old bachelor, many years Lord WiUoughby 's senior. After this little matter was settled we pro ceeded to the lute squire's offioe, and Mr Hayes produced the keys whioh Lady Arden had given him. 44 What is it you desire to find, Mr Mavin ? Is it papers that may throw some light on the robbery, or what?" inquired Colonel Ger maine. 44 1 think I know as mneh about that as there is to know. What I desire to find Is any papers, letters or anything whioh may throw light on the antecedents of the squire's first wife, and positive proof of her death, if such exists." - 9K\ 80 have discovered something- about the robbery ? I should like to hear about it. But we will settle this business nrst. I see, like Dillon, you don't believe that poor woman is dead, though the detec- wa8 Bent abroad saw her grave," said the colonel. You are knocking your head against a stone waU, Mr Mavin," said Lord WiUoughby. 44 I'm not so sure about that," remarked the oolonel, testily. " Well, gentlemen, the best way to settle the matter is to examine the sqoire's papers ; though I fear it wiU take us a long time, if we are to go through them all," said the lawyer. 44 We need not go through them aU," ob served the oolonel. 41 Tears ago— about ten years after the late Lady Arden's death — I happened to enter this room unexpectedly, and I found the squire examining some papers. .Then, to my surprise, I saw that the bureau had a false bottom between the j first and second compartment. I made some remark about it, and he said, 4 Tea, I keep papers relating to my early life there. It is strange that the only time I have had it open I without first locking the door vou shonld i come in ; but I don't mind showing you the way I open and shut it.' After that he re placed the papers and explained to me how the spring worked. Then he locked the bureau, saying that no one in the world but our two selves knew of that compartment. Now, gentlemen, I hold that any secrets relating to my friend's Ufe wiU be feund there." We aU agreed with him, and Mr Hayes handed Colonel Germaine the bunch of keys. 4 4 Her ladyship said this one unlocked the bureau," he said. 14 Her ladyship seems to know, them very well," replied the colonel, gruffly, as he took the bunoh. Putting the key in the lock, it turned easily, and in a second he lifted the lid. | 44 1 think I can find it, though it is more tnmi fourteen years since he showed me the spring," he said, as he pressed hard on a little brass button, .' of which there were several .around the edge of the bnr6aa. As he pressed, what looked like the bottom of -the compartment flew open, revealing an inner recess. Within this lay bundles of letters, all neatly tied with narrow white satin ribbon, or what had been white, but was now yellow, and faded. 4I "mil unfasten them, and you nan examine them," said the colonel, as he untied a ribbon. Drawing a table up, we seated ourselves, and began oar melancholy task, because, however different or even unknown to you may have baen the deceased man, there is something saddening in looking into the relics of his past life. Especially is it so when the man has been cut down suddenly, and I don't think any of us forgot that only a few days hack he had been as full of life as : we were then. So it was with a certain > amount of reverence that Colonel Germaine I opened one of the bundles of letters. j At a glance we saw they had not passed | through the post ; neither did they bear any I address. They were chiefly making appoint- j ments to meet the squire, and contained allusions to past meetings, and disgust at the weary round of lessons, and the tiresome ohildren. They were signed, 44 Diana Lucas." 44 Diana was the name of the squire's first wife ; her surname I never knew. Even with me he was exceedingly reticent concern ing his wife's antecedents," said Colonel Germaine. 44 How do von account far that P" I qoV 44 1 don't loiow, unless it was that he did not wish me to know that his wife had ocoupied an inferior position before her marriage." Glancing through another bundle, we saw they were of similar character, and written, by the same. hand. -There was nothing in them to give a clue to her past, save the fact that she was a governess, and found the j position irksome. Then we oame to the letter whioh the unhappy woman had left when she had fled from her home. In it she accused her husband of goading her, through his absurd jealousy, to take the step she had done. j After that there was a cutting from a news- j paper, which announced the death of the lady who only a year or two ego had figured in the Divorce Court. Then there was a letter in Italian — evidently from a woman in a humble station of life—stating that she enoloBed a ring whioh the squire had given the poor lady who was dead ; and telling how she had died, and where she was buried. Then there was a little oase containing a ring." 44 That looks like conclusive evidence of death!" exdaimed Lord Willoughby. 44 Stay. What is this ?" I said, as I took np an envelope bearing the London postmark, and direoted to Squire Arden. Opening it, I saw that it contained a sheet of note-paper, on whioh was written the one word — 44 Rkvhnge." That the writing was the same as that of the earlier letters signed "Diana" we oould nob doubt, and looking j at the date on the envelope; I saw that it was ' 1 the day after the late Lady Arden had been I murdered. | 44 Good heavens, she was living at the time my poor sister was murdered !" exclaimed J Lord Willoughby. j " 1 had a suspicion that she was." said j Loionel Germaine. A2®r thafc WQ found the marriage certificate I I Hupertr Arden to Diana Lucas, elder 1 daughter of the late John Luoas, of New- I combe, Kent. The ceremony had .taken. I place at a quiet, out-of-the-way church in j London. I 44 There are no more papers, but there are a couple of diaries," said the colonel, as he J handed them to us. I The first had evidently been written daring I the brief time of his first naairlage, and re- I veaied much of the miserable jealousy whioh I had wrecked his happiness. The first entry in the other bore date just one year after his second wife's murder, and revealed the fact that he knew his first wife was living, and that neither he nor his boy I were safe rom fcer vengeance. At each suc ceeding anniversary there were such entrieBas 44 Sate so far." r oa seventeenth anniversary of Lady Arden s death he recorded how heard the most diabolical laughter in the avenue, and how his horse took fright, gallop ing madly into the courtvard. I After that each succeeding anniversary ho j seemed to go in fear and trembling, but j nothing further occurred until three yean I back, when he heard ihe same laughter in J the same place as he returned from the rent I dinner. This time he declared that he ba- I lieved it was the spirit of his first wife haunt ing him, aud that the next time he heard it, j which would be the third, his end would bs I near. The last entry was the day before his death. 44 The fatal date draws near, and I anticipate it with dread. It will be more than usually fateful to me, because on it I am to learg Geffory's decision. God grant that Geff, the one comfort of my life, may not oppose me, ! because I cannot and will not let him many beneath him.'' Then just below came these words : 44 Thirty years to-morrow since I j married Liana, the beautiful wife of my I youth. If I could live the past over again, X j should act differently." I These were the last words he had written, J and they seemed almost prophetic of hie I doom. j Handing the books to the oolonel, 1 r aid : j 44 There can be no doubt who murdered I poor Lady Arden." 41 No," he said, as he placed tie letters | and diaries in the compartment, which | he closed. 41 1 don't see any need to tell th< j present Lady Arden or any one of this recep< I tacle just at present," he added. 1 We agreed to this, then for a minute there I was silence, which was broken by Lord Wil- I ioughby asking what we thought of the strange laughter mentioned by the squire. 44 1 should say he imagined it," said the lawyer. 44 And I should say he did no suok thing," said the ooloneL 44 He told me all about it at the time ; and, though I made light of it to him, I have always regarded it seriously." 44 1 fanoy yon think as I do — that it is quite possible his first wife may yet be living," 1 said. 44 1 do," he replied. 44 But why indulge in suoh diabolical laughter ? It would do him no harm," re marked Lord WiUoughby. 44 It would bring the past more vividly before him, and render him nervous ; or, few anything we know, it may bs a mad woman's frenzy. That individual, Mrs Arden, mast have gone through enough to turn her brain," I replied. I 44 1 don't see that what we have learned will be any help to you,- Mr Mavin," said the lawver. 44 1 think it will,'' I said. 44 Have you any evidence against any one?" asked the colonel. 44 1 have strong evidence against two people; but, before taking any steps, I want I to know whether the squire's first wife It | tiring." j 44 1 agree with yon. By the way, about | that robbery. Do you know who took tbe money?" said Colonel Germaine. <. 14 1 know who paid the notes away ; bai£ hope you will allow the bank to oash any that have been or may be presented." 11 Why bo ?" inquired the colonel. 44 Because it- will render my task earner. Lady Arden says that the squire was the victim of hallucinations on the anniversary of the murder, and she declares there was no robbery — that he himself gave her the notes." At these words," Lord Willoughby gave a low whistle, which expressed both surprise mid incredulity, and the lawyer looked astounded. 44 Lady Arden is a very clever woman, said the colonel, with a grim smile. 44 You will let it be as I wish?" I said, appealing to him. "Twill — that is, if Mr Geffory Arden Is willing. He is the other executor." 44Iam sure he will, if he knows it will make things easier in the end," 1 said, as I rose and left the room, followed by Lord WiUoughby, while the others stayed to discuss some business matters connected with the estate. 