A COUNTRY SWEET HEART. By DORA RUSSELL. Author of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Broken Seal,' 'Tha Track of the Storm,' ''The Vicar's Governess,' 'The Last Signal,' 'His Will and Hers,' &c; [Published by special arrangement with tha author. All right j reserved.] Chaptee XXXIV.— Mb. Chukchill's News. Early on the next morning after Ralph Webster had left May at St. Phillip s Hospital he called there to enquire after her aud saw his friend the house surgeon. Dr. Brentwood. ' You have come to ask after the poor litfcie woman you brought here last night,' said the doctor as he shook Webster's baud. 'Well, I'm sorry to Bay I can't give a very good account cf her. She has had a bad, restlets night and ia very feverish this morning.' *? I am very sorry,' answered Webster gravely, and a slight quiver passed over his lip?. 'She seems extremely low, almost in a hopeless state,' went on the doctor. 'She's had tome tremendous heart-break or other, poor soul ; I suppose it's not possible to give her any mental relief ?' 'I tear Dot,' said Webster in a low pained tone. 'She has lost at one blow all that made the happiness of h9r life.' Dr. Brentwood looked somewhat curiously at his friend. ' She is decidedly pretty, at least she mu3t be even remarkably so when she i3 welL I don't want to seem curious, Webster, but sup pose the poor young woman gets worse — ana it is possible — what other friends has she besides your-elf ?' ''I promised her faithfully not to mention anything of her past.' 'Then I presume her name — Mrs. Church — is an assumed one?' 'I cannot even answer that question. But let her have everything she can possibly re ciuire : I shall be answerable tor ali the ex penses connected with her case.' 'And yet— jou can do nothing to relieve her miDd?' ' Nothing ; I only wish I could.' ' Well, I must try to pull her through ; poor young thing, it seems a sad case.' 'It is a terribly ead case.' After this Ralph Webster went away, but each morning before be began his work he went to enquire at the hospital about; 'Mrs. Church.' Aad May vras very ill. The shock had affected her physically sis well as mentally and she lay prostrate, hopeless, wishing the life was ended that Weoster had done his best to save. There were times when her mind wandered and tbe fever ran high. But as a rule her greas weakness was what the doctor feared most. It was as though the spring of youch were broken — the flower blighted in its bloom. Menuwhile as days and weeks went ou naturally the Jrienas ot tbe absent girl began to grow s-gain uneasy concerning her fate. ?ilr. Churchill had returned to Woadaide after his visit to London aad tbe Mistes Webster an elated, aimoso an overjoyed man. He had examined the register which recorded .the marriage of John Temple and May Churchill, and he had seen the clergyman who had per formed the ceremony. Therefore his mind was set at rest regarding May. He d;d not write his news to hie wile. He wished per sonally to carry it to her, and felt a sort of sfcurea triumph when he remembered the re marks Airs. Oauiohiil had made regarding Slay's disappearanca. Re accordingly telegraphed to her the hour that he hoped io arrive a,t home and desired the dog-cart might be waiting for him at the station to meet ohe train which he intended b-- travt-l by. It w-as waiting for him and he was driven home, and standing at the open hall door when he reached Woodside was his wife ready to receive him. She went quickly forward to mest him and looked eageriy in his face. 'Well, William?' she said. William kissed her, but there was triumph in his heart as he pressed his moustache against her firm lips. He was thinking of his girl and thinking ot her with pride. 'Have you heard anything?' half- whispered Mrs. Churchill, as she tried to lead him into the hall. But Mr. Churchill seemed ia no hurry to impart his news. He gave directions to the groom who had driven him from the station regarding tbe horse in the dog-cart and enquired about another animal that was ill. Then, at last, hs turned and entered the bous-.1, aud Airs. Churchill having closed the door behind him followed him into the dining room. 'Have you her.rd auy thing of May?' the again enquired quickly. 'Yts.' answecpd Mr. Churchill, nodd'Og his beaci, while a pleased smile spread over his face; 'it is all right. May is now Ivlrs. John Temple, aad I saw ehe register of the marriage aud tbe clergyman who nurried tht-ni myself.' 'You do^'t tay so!' exclaimed Mrs. Churchill, genuinely astonished. And for a momeuti or two — so strange is the hurnau heart — she felt a pang of disappoint ment at the good news. She had always phophesied evil thinsrs of Mav, and to hear that bhe was suddenly raised in social posi tion so far above herself gave her an unpleasant sensation. ' Yea,' continued Mr. Churchill somewhat boastfully, ' my girl has done well for herself, hasn't she, Sarah? I went tirst to the ladies where she lived after she left hera until she married Sir. John Temple. They were two real ladies, clergyman's daughters and elderly, and had known Mr. John Temple for years, and he asked them to take charge of her until he could make her his wife. And you should have heard how they spoke of her ; in the highest terms, and they went to the chuich when she was married, and so it's all on the square ?' 'Then why was there all this secrecy?' asked Mrs. Churchill, for ehe had not yet 'sot over her chagrin. ' Ib eeems be thought the old Squire and madam wouldn't like it,' answered Mr. Churchill. ' But that's all right now, for the Squire himself told me he would welcome May aa his nephew's wife. And aa for madam, well, madam will just have to take it as best she can. My girl will step into her shoes when the old gentleman dies,jfor the Hall goes to the heir I'm told and I'll have my son-in-law for my landlord — but I waa always proud and fond of May.' Mrs. Churchill composed her lips and tried to swallow her mortification. But after all she was a sensible, though a hatd woman and she saw it was no U3e trying to throw cold water on her husband's elation at the good fortune of his daughter. She therefore went up to him and kissed him. ' Well, my dear,' Bhe said, ' I am glad it has ended well and that you are pleased. But you have forgotten to let me know one thing ; did you see her ?' ' No, aB ill-luck would have it, Mr. John Temple had taken her away to the seaside for a few days and she was out of London when I was there. But I expect we shall be hearing from her shortly ; and to-morrow morning I'll go over to the Hall and see the Squire and tell him the newe. Ay, and in spite of madam, I expect we'll be having her staying at the Hall in no time and what will you think of that, Sarah?' And Mr. Churchill laughed aloud and patted bis wife's comely chin. This was, however, a little more than Mrs. Churchill's temper could bear. ' Well, I hope it will end well,' she said tartly ; ' unequal marriages rarely do.' ' I don't see that it's so unequal,' retorted Mr. Churchill. 'What was madam herself, who holds her head so high? Only a poor .parson's daughter, with a skin-flint mother, who begs for milk and eggs of everyone who is fool enough to give her them. My girl is as good as madam any day and as for lookB there's no doubt May has the best of them.' . 'You are too uplifted, William,' answered Mrs. Churchill reproachfully, 'remember pride may have a fall.'1 And having ad ministered this rebuke Mrs. Churchill left the room, leaving her husband seriously offended. He was indeed so offended that he would not speak again on the subject during the whole evening. But early the next morning he ordered his best horse to be saddled, as he thought it behoved him to make a good ap pearance on euch an important occasion as carrying the news of his nephew's marriage .to tho Squire. - - 'I am going to ride over to the 'Hall, Sarah,' he said as he rose from the- breakfast table, and he felt as he Bpoke that he was the master of the situation. And Sarah felt this too. It was disaftreeablethat this little ' chit' should be raised above her, bat Mrs. Churchill knew very- well it waa irua. Har property consisted of one good farm besides gomesavuigs ofher£nt hnabanaV/Boti -wliab tpM tiusto the large estate of -bhe Squire's of Woodleat - And Mr. John Temple was heir to these estates and May waa his ?wile, eo Mra^ Churchill had made np her mind to make tha- best of it. She had also offended her good* looking husband, and Mrs. Churchill did note like being on bad terms with him. 'Very well, my dear,' she therefore an swered meekly to her spouse's announcement that he was going to the Hall, 'and I am glad ycu have such good news to tell the Squire.' ^'lt is good news,' replied Mr. Churchill stall stiffly ; but he felt mollified and deigned, to kiss his hand to his wife as Bhe stood at tha hall door and watched him mount his good horse and ride away. And ia was no doubt with an uplifted heart ?? that Mr. Churchill rode on his errand to the HaU. He knew icdeed that Mr. Temple's approval or disapproval would ultimately make no difference to John Temple's position. The estates were strictly entailed on the nexb heir in the event of the Squire dying without children. Tbe one child of the house was dead and John Temple was the next heir, therefore the Woodlea property must some day be his and his children's after him. Mr. Churchill looked proudly roond as he went on at tbe wide grasslands and wooded elopes of the familiar landscape. He seemed to eee them in a new light. His grandson might) become their possessor and he the grandsire would no doubt reap the benefit. He was a man who loved money and success in life but to give him bis due he was also not think' ing only of worldly advantages. He was thinking that no one could now throw a stone at his 'little girl,' and that she would 'be able to hold up her head with the best of them.' And his heart was still full of pride when he drew rein at the Hall. He could scarcely aek if he could see tbe Squire in the same tone as was his wont. But he tried to do this and noD to show any undue elation, when the Squire received him in the library. ' Well, Mr. Churchill, have you any news?' asked Mr. Temple gravely, as he held out his-' hand to his tenant. ' Yes, Squire, I have,' answered Mr. Chnr*: chill, cordially grasping his landlord's hand in his own. ' And what is it V asked Mr. Temple some what nervously. ' Well, sir, I went up to London, as yon know, the day before yesterday and yesterday morning I went to the house in Pembndge terrace, Bayswater, where the ladies live whose address Mrs. Temple kindly gave me^ and where my daughter May has been staying since she left her home. And, Squire, I found two real lodies, elderly, and clergyman's daughters, and they seemed very fond of my girl and had known your nephew, Mr. John Temple, for many years. And to make a long story short, Squire, Mr. John Temple and May were married from their house; the ladies going to the church to witness the ceremony and then the young people went abroad.' Mi. Temple's delicate, rather pallid com plexion slightly flushed at) this announcement and for a moment he was silent. The pride of birth and station were not absent from his uature, but, on the other hand, be was a good and just man and he knew that John Temple had only acted rightly. 'WeJJ, Mr. -Churchill.' he said rather slowly, '' I am glad to hear this is so. If my nephew induced your daughter to leave her home ho has only done what a gentleman ought to do in making her his wife.' 'She lefb her home to become hi3 wife, sir,' anscrered Mr. Churchill rather quickly. 'That was the arrangement between them, and in the meanwhile my girl went to these ladies, who are friends of his, and remained with them unoil her marriage. And that there might be no doubt it, Squire, I went to the church where they were married and I saw tha clergyman who married them and examined the register, and this — ,' and he drew a, sheet of paper Irom his pocketbook a3 he spoke — ' this ib the copy of the jegister of their marriage, and if you will kindly look at it you wiil see itfs all on the square.' The Squire settled his gold -rimmed glasses on his nose and took the paper in his hand. In is were duly set forth the date and other par ticulars cf the marriage of John Temple and May Cburchiil, or rather of Margaret Alice Churehill, for May had given her full bap« tismai name on the occasion oi her marriage. Mr. Temple read the copy through and then-^ returned it to Mr. Churchill. ' Well, then, there is no mistake, Mr. Chur-^ chill,' he said, 'and we must earnestly hope that the young people may be happy together. Your daughter, from what I have seen of her, is I am sure a charming and very pretty girl — ? and I will write to my nephew to congratulate him. But where are they now ?' ' Well, sir, I am sorry to say I missed them. Mr. John Temple had taken May away to the seaside for a feiv days when I arrived in town. But no doubt we will ba hearing from them soon.' The Squire looked rather puzzled. ' It was strange,' he said, 'that my nephew would say nothing betore he left here. How-' ever, there is no doubt about their marriage and whsn you hear from your daughter, Mr. Churchill, will you let me know and then I wiil write to my nephew.' 'That I will, Bir/1 answered Mr. Churchill j ' and thank you kindly for the way in which, you have spoken of my girl. You might have looked higher naturally for your nephew, bud this I will say for my daughter May — that a sweeter or bonnier lass does not live. There's no vice abouS her, eir, and she's been a blessing and a comfort to me always and I'm. sure she will be one to her husband. Her mother was a lady— a clergyman's daughter — and May has taken after her in all her ways.' ' She is no doubt a very sweet-looking girl,' said the Squire, 'and I shall be glad to wel come her here. But now I am afraid I must say good morning, Mr. Churchill, as I have an engagement I must keep.' And the Squire looked at his watoh. Upon this hint Mr. Churchill took his de- parture aud scarcely was he gone when Mr. Temple proceeded at once to the breakfast rooto, where he had left his handsome wife. Sirs. Temple was listlessly reading the news paper and Bhe looked up some what sur prised when he entered the room, as she did not know of Mr. Churchill's visit. 'I have got some news for yon, Rachel,' said ulr. Temple. 'News?' asked Mrs. Temple, quickly. 'Yes; John Temple is ruavried to Miss Churchill ; must have married her two days after he left here in the autumn, when he feaid he went to Paris— thai) must have been hia wedding trip.' Mrs. Temple started to her feet and her face flushed aud then grew pale. 'Is this possible?' she said. 'Are you sure ?' 'Mr.. Churchill has just been here and he brought with him a copy of the register of their marriage. There can ba no mistake and yet I do not understand John's conduct, or why he was so reticent about it when I dis tinctly told him that if he had induced her to leave her home that it was his duty to make her his wife.' 'There is something to hide, something he is keeping back!' oried Mrs. Temple' ex« citedly. ' But you say they are actually married ?' ' They are certainly married ; and, Rachel, now that the thing is done we muss try and ruake the best of it. Naturally it is not whati I wished for John, still ? ' 'I should think not!' interrupted Mrs. Temple scornfully. 'A tenant farmer's daughter — truly her pretty face has made her fortune !' ' Well, in is done, and when I hear from John I mean to write to him ; after all the girl is good and pretty, and he might have done worse.' ' Not well, I think,' answered Mrs. Temple bitterly, and then she left the room full of ex citement and anger. The %'ews of John Temple's marriage was indeed very bitter to her. Unconsciouslv she had learned to like him too well for one thing, and for another she. disliked, nay hated tha whole Churchill family. The boys had played in the fatal game when her little eon wa3 killed and ehe had always felt a strange jealousy of May's beauty. And now she was Mrs. John Temple, the wife of the heir of: Woodlea ! reflected Mrs. Temple with curling lips. But she was too much excited to keep the news to herself. She therefore hastily put on her hat and cloak and started for the vicarage to tell her mother. She felt a sort oE grim pleasure in thinking what a rage Mrs. Layton would be in when she heard it ; and she cer tainly was not disappointed in this. Her arrival waa most unexpected and inconvenient, for she rarely went to her fathers house, and' on this unfortunate morning Mrs. Layton was engaged in what Bhe called 'dressing her feathers.' , That is, all the feathers that she could collecb from the fowls eaten at the Hall or at tbe vicarage were eagerly saved and. stored away by Mrs. Layton until she had acquired a sufficient quantity to have a grand assortment of them. She was therefore sitting covered with feathers in her store-room when she was told that her daughter, Mrs. Temple, was waiting below to see her. She tried to shake herself free of ths feathers, but with many still clinging to her hair and dress she finally descended, by no- means in a good humor. Mrs. Temple waa standing looking out of the window as she entered the room, and Bhe gave rather a hard laugh when she saw her mother's extraordinary appearance. 'Whatever have yon been doing f she fiaid. 'I've been dressing my feathers, ihy dear,' replied Mrs. Layton, 'my half-yearly dressing yon know, and I don't believe* JUoheVthatr your cook or your soullery-maiSliaTO'BeinS ma half what they should.' ' Mrs. Temple lightly shroijged liter bans'* -,?; some shoulders. ' ~ „ X ' - 'We've bad a 'wedding atf3feB£Hnily™«1» said scornfully, 'and I've oemefto4ell ydta ths news.-' 'f-i - , 'A wedding!' repeated 3*&?M*ytoii , blankly. ' -* ^Vfe^V''' ~* '- toe dfetingtiBfaea U^t^^^t^-jM tinned Mrs. Temple, yet more scornfully. *'Nioe for us all, isn't it?' ' It can't be true?' gasped Mrs. Layton. 'Perfectly true, I assure you! The Te ' speeted head of the family has just been to the Hall to tell Phillip, acd he brought a copy of the register of the marriage, and everything is ell correct. My beloved nephew, it seems, ?was secretly married when he went away in the autumn, he said, to Paris. No doubts he did go to Paris, but it was with hia high-born bride !' ' Well, whatever is the world coming to c cried Mrs. Layton with uplifted hands. ' It will be destroyed — no doubt; the end is_ coming —such monstrous tilings occur I To think that this girl; a girl I've bonght eggs of; a girl whose character I consider to be far from what it ought to be, should make such a match ! But I warned you, Rachel, against _ John Temple; a snake in the grass I considered htm ; but I never thought he would be isuch a fool as this.' ' I think he must be more a fool than a snake,' answered Mrs. Templeeonteroptuonsly. 'Fancy marrying a eirl like this! And Phillip says we musb make the best of it, which I suppose means inviting the bride and bridegroom to stay at the Hall ! However, we shall see. Bat, good-morning now, mother; I'll leave you to digest my news.' And with a little nod Mrs. Temple turned away and left the house, while Mrs. Layton stood abso lutely speechless with disgust. Bat both Sir. Churchill's elation and Sirs. Temple's indignation cooled down during the next few weeks, for to the great surprise and disappointment of Mr. Churchill nothing was heard at Wobdside either from John Temple or his supposed bride. Each morning Mr. Churchill said he could not; understand it when the letters came in and there was none from May ; and Mrs. Churchill, though with caution, begaa agaiu to insinuate that she feared it was not all right. And the Squire himself, just a week after Mr. Churchill's visit to the Kail to announce the marriage, walked Due morning over to Woodside to aek Mr. Churchill the whereabouts of the bride and bridegroom. ** Well* Squire, it's the strangest thing, but tee have not had word from them,' answered Mr. Churchill somewhat disconcerted. 'It is certainly very strange, :- said the Squire slowly. 'Can't understand it, because I told the ladies — the Miss Webstere — that she bad been staying with and who saw her married to Mr. John Temple, that you had been kind enough to 8H.V vou would receive ner as his wife.' '* Which I certainly shall do. Well, Mr. Churchill, why not write to these ladies and ask if they know their address? They pro bably do.' ' I never thought of that, sir, but Til write to them this very day. Thank you verymucli for thinking of it, Squire.' And Mr. Churchill accordingly did write to Misa Webster and after apologising for troubling her told her that he was getting anxious at not hearing from his daughter and asked her to be good enough to give him Mrs. John Temple's address it she knew it. And b« added, ' Mr. Temple, the Squire of Woodlea, was here this morning and will bo glad also to hear from his nephew.' An answer to this letter was most anxiously expected at Woodfiide. and after two days one came, which was as follows : — ' Dear Sir — lam sorry I cannot give you the information you require regarding the address af Mr. and Mrs. John Temple, as we have beard nothing from them since the day Mr. John Temple arrived here and took your daughter away for a proposed short visit to the sea side. But the Eatne day that] you called and told us Mr. Temple, of Woodlea Hall, would be glad to receive the young people I felt ifi was my pleasing duty to write a few liuss to Mr. John Temple to tell him of yonr visit, and also of his uncle's sanction to his marriage. I sent this letter to the Grosvenor Hotel, where he sometimes stays while ho is in town, but I have received no reply. And therefore we — my sister and myself — can only conclude that Mr. and Mrs. John T umpie must have gone abroad and have not rectived my letter. 'Trusting, however, that you will soon hear from them, I remain, 'Yours sincerely, 'MakgaeivT Webster.' ' Yes, that's it ; no doubt they are abroad,' said Mr. Churchill after he had read Miss Webster's letter, handing it to his wife. ' Of course they may be,:- replied his wife. But Mr. Churchill was quite sure that tbev were, and took over Misa Webster's letter to ehow it to the Squire. But the Squire still thought ib very strange, and so did Airs. Temple when her husband told her of is. ' There is something to hide. John Temple is keeping Eomuthiug back,' she said. And fiho thought again and again. ' What can it ba'r' Chapter XXXV.— Kathleen Weir's Guost. And during this time also Miss Kathleen Weir had felc very iBuoh disappointed that she had neither s^n nor hsard anything of Mr. Ralph Webster. Tbafc is she only received two britf notes from him, both declining her invitations to ' a merry supper after the play to meet Linda Falconer — as you admired her bo much — and her swain, Dereham.' But Webster, with the ever- present memory of that despairing face on the bridge and the constant anxiety tor the unhappy girl lying in So. Phillip's Hospital nieh unto death, had felt it was impossible for him to encounter the gay and lively sallies of the actress. Not that be had lost interest in the woman who stood between poor May and happiness, but bis mind was too mueh out of- tune to go into such vivacious company, and he therefore had refused Miss Weir's invitations. Bat nearly three weeks after he had taken May Churchill to St. Phillip's a change came over her condicion. Her physical health decidedly improved, and one mornir.e when Dr. Brentwood was paying his usual visit to her she spoke to him of her future life. ' I am going to live now, doctor, am I not?' she said in a low pained tone. ' Certainly you are going to live,' replied the doctor, *? I hope for many years ; until you are quite old,' and he smiled. ' That will bs a long time,' said Mary, with » weary sigh ; *? I am not much pass twenty now — a long, long time.' ' It seems long to look forward to, but time passes quickly enough, especially when it is fuily employed.' 'It is about this that I meant to speak to you of, doctor,' continued May and a, faint color stole to her pale cheeks. ' If I am goiue to live I must do something to gain my own livinar ; I must find some employment.' ' Everyone is better employed,' answered the doctor cheerfully ; ' it's good for mind and body alike. JN'ow what do you think you would like to do?' 'Since I have felt a little better I have thought of this constantly. I — I should like to =ee Mr. Webster about in, as he might be able to help ma' 'I am sure he will do anything to help fou ; he is your sincere friend aad has been aiost anxious about you during your illness and has called each morning to enquire, for you. Therefore yon may depend on his assistance, I am certain, and I may add, on mine.' ' You are very good.' ' And now I am going to ask you a question which is not a medical one,' interrupted the doctor, 'and therefore you need not answer ifi unless you like. But have you no friends, no relations, to whom you can now apply V ''ISTone!' answered May with sudden emotion; 'I wish to baas one dead to every one I know ; they mu3t think me dead, and I would have been but for ? ' 'Forgive me for having pained you and I will promise never again to allude to the subject. So you would like to see Ralph Webster? Well, you shall see him to-morrow, and I am truly glad to find you so much bsttttr.' Aud then he smiled kindly and went away. Ha felt interested in this forlorn and broken hearted young woman, who he was sure his friend Webster had saved from gome tragic fate ; and not the less interested on account cf May's fair face. He therefore wrote to Web ster during the day and told him of the im provement in May's health and also of her wish to find some employment. ' Don't throw, cold water on this, my dear fellow,' he added, 'it will be tba very beat thing possible for her and will give her an interest in life which she has well-nigh lost. Can you call tomorrow afternoon V' And so forth. Dr. Brenowood'B letter was a great relief to Webster's mind, and he received another by the same post from. Miss Kathleen Weir. This was a highly characteristic epistle. 'Dear .Mr. Webster — For the third and last time, unless you come, will yon take supper with me this evening; or if suits you butter will you call in the afternoon ? Wire which. — 'Sours ever sincerely, Kathleen Weir.' .Webster read this note with a smile, thought it over, and then decided to call during the afternoon, and he accordingly telegraphed to Miss Kathleen Weir to that effect. . And as he drove to the actress's flat he was wondering if she had any news to tell him, and he found that she had some. She received him in her usual airy fashion and she was charmingly dressed in a most be coming tea-gown. 'Well, you hare come at last!' she said, holding out her hand as Webster entered her drawing-room. 'Yes,' he answered, taking it, 'and I should 'have come before, but I have been a good deal worried of late.' ' * Abont money or love ?' ' About; neither as it happens.' ' I thought there were only two things worried men, and the want of money was the worst. Weli, we must all hare it ; but I have been more than worried, I have been upset ; I have seen a ghost !' 'A ghost?' 'Tea, the ghost of a dead love. There, can . yon guesB what I mean ? Well, I suppose not, so I must tell you. But I have really been shocked; I nave seen John Temple in the flesh, ihongh looking so awfully ill that he was mucii more like a dead man than a living 'Where did you see him?' asked Webster quickly. 'I will tell you ; yesterday morning I drove down to see Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, as I wanted to be quite certain whether John Temple is the man who has come in the for tune, as Dereham was so positive that he was. Well, you know Harrison's offices are at West minster and I saw the old boy Bnre enough, but he was as*fily as a fox. He did not deny that John Temple was the man 'that ulti mately, mind ultimately, my dear madam,9 he kept repeating, . would succeed to hie uncle's estate or estates. 'But his posi tion at present is unchanged,1 he added and he threw ice on nay suggestion that I should have an increased allow ance. 'When Mr. John Temple suc ceeds to the property the questions can then be mooted5 and- soon. In fact I got no satisfac tion for my trouble and when I came out of the office in a very bad humor I told the cab man to drive over Westminster-bridge and back again, as I thought the river air might improve my temper.' ' And you went?' asked Webster eagerly. ' I went ; I was in a hansom, and when we got to the other end of the bridge I told the man to turn back. He did so and there was a block as we recrossed, and I was bending ous of the cab to see what was going to happen when my eyes fell on the figure of a man lean ing on the p&rapet; of the bridge and staring into the river below. As I was looking at him he lifted his head and looked round and I saw a ghost ! The ghost of John Temple ! But, oh, so horribly changed. Be loosed haggard, worn, and old, and a aoit of pity — such fooid are women — crept into my heart as I looked at him. I felt sorry for him ; I thought he must be in some terrible trouble and so I felt 1 should like to speak to him. I pulled out) my handkerchief and waved it to attract bis atteu eion, and some cue told him of this, for ha looked quickly up at the cab and our eyes met ! I wish you had eeen the look of horror that came over his facp, of shuddering horror as he recognised me. It was hatred ! He glared at me just for a moment and then turned and fied as if the devil himself were after him. There, what do you think of that ? The end of a dead lovo !' ' I think it is very dramatic,' said Ralph Webster slowly. He Forced himselt to ppeak the common-place word?, but he was not think ing common-place thoughts. 'Now there was something in this man's face,' went on the actress, ' that told me a story. John Temple is grieving about some thing that haa cut his heart-strings. It can't be money in his case, because for one thing he never cared very much about it, and tor another he will ultimately, as Mr. Harrison described it, succeed to hi3 uncle's property, and with such prospects he could borrow as much as he liked, I suppose. No. it is about some woman ! He was looking down into th« dusky river when I fivsS sawr him ; can he have driven some poor soul to seek for refuge in its gloomy depths?' Rai ph Webster i nw.-vrd ly shuddered , bu t Kath leen Weir little thought how nearly the had touched the truth. *? He is miserable about some woman,' she repeated, ' and that is why I have sent for you to-day. I aca in the way, I suppose, and I don't want to be in the way any longer. I want to be frse and of course he does. Now. how can I iind out about his life, for if I could find ouS I expect I could go trium phantly through tha crdeal of the Divorce Court V' Webster was silent for a few moments ; he was thinking the know'edere of John Temple's second marriage would not free him from hia first. Ic would bring disgrace to him, bub not liberty to her. 'You' would have to show a case against him besides this supposed woman,' ho said slowly. ' Dici he ever treat you cruelly ?' ' You meau flid he ever punch my head or pull my hair?' answered ICachleen, with a hard little laush. ' No, I cannot trushfnlly scy he ever did ; but I might say it untruth fully and he would be toa glad to get rid of me to contradict me.' 'But it would be very dangerous; you would have to prove it.' ' At all events he forsook me ?' ' I thought you parted by mutual consent ?'. 'Hour horrid you are, Mr. Webster I At all events I mean to get quit of him. I am weary of a tie which is no tie ; of a bond which galls me, and I would do anything, even some thing desperate, to break it.' She started to her feet and began walking up and down the room as sha spoke, swaying her tali, fine figure with a r^t.lets movement as she did so. She was looking very hand some ; her excitement! had 1ivi=hed her tace and brightened her bright eyes, anu involuntarily W-:h-=r,er admired Ler. ' There !''' f be said presently, ' now I have told you my news, so please rouee your sharp legal brains to help me. I don't piind about the three hundred a year now or the ultimate re version of fioniy bigger sum. I want to be free! I don't want .John Temple to cut his own throat or mine — and upon my word he looked as if he con id do it — bus I wane to scraps out of my marriage some other way.' ' Well, let me have time- to think it over.' 'Thanks, and now let us drop a disagree able subject and tell me what you have been doing with yourself all this long time. You look thinner ; aud you say you have byen worried ':' ' Yes ; we all have worries and troubles you know. Miss Weir.' 'That is true; buti Etill I think life might be bright, might be sweet aud worth living for.' ' I am sure yours is.' 'Oh ! don't pay me those common- place compliments ; I don't wane to hear them from you.' ' You despise my best efforts to be agree able.' 'What a disagreeable humor you are in. 1 declare I think I shall send you away.' 'Well, must I go?' said Webster, rising with a smile. ' Not yet, unless you will promise to come again very eoon. Come to supper to meet Linda Falconer and Derehaua the day after to morrow.' ' I will sea if I can, if you will allow the in vitation to remain opwi. By-the-bye, how is that affair progressing ':' ''Oh, swiiiiQjiugly, I. believe, but Linda is fearfully bor«d with him. * My dear,' bhe said to me the other day, ' he is too silly.' ' ' Poor boy !' ' Poor boy, indeed. However, that is settled and you will come cue day after to-morrow to supper ? In the meantime you know don't fovgnt my ghost and bis probable misdoings.' ' Very well,' eaid Webster with a lau'*h. Then he took leave of the actress and Kathleen Weir was alone. As she had done once before after he had left her, she immediately went up to one of the mirrors in the room and gazed at her own reflection in the glass. ' Am I so weak ?' she thought. ' Do I actually like this man, perhaps better than he likes me ? Bub if I were free I think he would like me — I must be free.' (To be continued. I 