The Tragedy of the Swamp. The swamps and bayous of the south are its ghosts — its unburied corpses— its death traps. To be lost in one of the great swamps of Mississippi or Louisiana means mora than death. It means such terror before death fi.imes that vou would orav to die and wel- come the messenger with open arms. In the old days of bondego a slave who ran away to the swamps was entered on the books as dead. If'ihe alligators, serpents, vultures and awful lonesomeness drove him back to slavery, well and good. If they did not his master knew why. Ho knew that death had claimed him and he eould not come. In these swamps the saurian and the serpent find their paradise. Tiiore is nothing to dis turb theru— nothing to prevent them from living out their days. It is so dark and gloomy that the owl cries out at midday— so full of weirdncES and terror that tha vulture is alarmed by the sound of bis own voice. Wo walked out on a long tongue 0! solid S il«A Mf> t/lMfl v> gr.Guna peLieii&uijg; ut> wwwo ua tuo mojuu for half a mile. Here the waters set back from the Pearl Eiver until they formed what might be called a lako. In time of drought this spot would almost be tillable. : In time cf flood the lake would bo twice as large. There are trees standing here and there- stumps showing above the surface — logs and trees afloat, Every tree is loaded down with the funeral moss, whioh swings to the lightest breeze. Every log is moss- grown and de- oayed. Every gallon of water has tho germs of malaria and break- bone fever. It is the most melanoholy reality the human eye ever waw. Chain a strong man here and he would go mad in a week. \- ;Lifel Ye3. Bus sucn life ! It ia near midday, and the great alligators are basking in the sun, while the- rattlesnakes, cotton- -mouths and moccasins move lazily about. A great bird of prey sits on the sole limb of a decayed tree, ..overhanging the .water, his . head under his wing and unmindful 0! our presence. Humanity has no right here. It is one of the hell-s'ppts of the .earth,. Bring ' hero one of the greatest sinners of earth and give him his oboice between this spot and the- torments of hell and ha would ask to be led away. ' " "v- " Look I Look ! He must be crazy I" So called two or threo voices in chorus, and I looked across the southern arm of th9 ..lagoon to see a raft just putting off from the shore. It was only a couple of logs lashed together find it moved out sluggishly. Standing -in the oentre waa a man— a negro., : He was half a mile away, but the glasa which' one of the hunters carried brought him with in a few feet of us. He was a stalwart fellow, but-ha. had an ugly look. He was a criminal and a fugitive. Ho had committed some serious crime to force him tatake refuge here If pursuit had been made it had not availed. He did not look back and around him like one who feared to hear the bay of dogs and shouts of men. He bad euduret the swamp until he. could endure no more At the hazard of being caught .ho. wai bound to get out of it. If ho could fiosi himself' across to the tongue of firm land the rest of the way was easy. Ha must have known 0! the dangers, but he " wbb desperate and determined. He had no covering for his head, his shirt was in rags, and his torn and patched pants were rolled up to the knee. Ha had a pole, by which means he propelled the raft in a sluggish fashion. " Back out of sight— all of ycul" whispered one of the group, $nd es n=> time in' obeying, Tbey tell of the eouthern man hunting the negro down a he would a wolf, and they would have you believe that he has no pity nor meroy for him when he breaks the law. These were southern men, and they knew that robbery or murder had driven that black man to encounter the perils 0! the great Bwamp. It waa pity for him — it was mercy in their hearts which took the group out of his eight that he might not fear to land. It was to give him a chance for his life. I did not understand for a moment. Then a groan from one of the men caused me to raise my head. 1 There waa a ripple in tha still, yellow waters of the bayou. It was to the ls'f.and in three seconds there was a second to tho right. " He is drowned 1" whispered one of the men as he handed me the glass. As I looked there were more ripples — a dozen whirls and splashes— a commetiun as of a score cf swimmers, and directly I saw a monster alligator rear half His length out of the water. You may have seen men die in their beds or on the field of battle, but did you ever-see a strong man fight for his life against terrible odds and finally go down ? It is so with a man when the deadly undertow clutches him. It is so when hs is pulled down by wild beasts. Terror blanched this man's blaok face to the color of ashes when he realised his peril. It made him tremble like one in a chill. He opened his mouth to shout, but no sound came. From every portion of that bayou there-was a rush of saurian3— twenty— fifty —a hundred— a thousand, it seemed to me by the splash and commotion. A brave man may weaken at peril, but reaction oomes and he dies game. In one minute that blaok man shook off ths fear whioh chained him, shut his teeth hard, and the fire of desperation burned in his eyes as it does in those of a wild beast brought to bay. He beat at the black heads and snouts with his stout polo— he UBed it as a club and a spear, and for five minutes he kept them off. He was still a quarter of a mile from us. I saw him calculate the dis tance with his eye. Then he looked around at his foes. Just then a monster saurian reared itself half its length upon the raft, determined to be first at the feast. With ods last powerful blow th9 pole was broken over the reptile's head, the piece finng aside, and with a short run and a panther-like leap the negro seemed to clear the circle closing in on him. In a few Eeconda his head appeared and he struck bravely out,, while we now showed ourselves and encouraged him by voioa and gesture, He had made fifty feet, and he was cleaving the waters with a stroDg arm when he suddenly sprang breast high above tho surface, uttered an auful cry of agony, and was drawn down to be eeen no more. The waters were lashed and vexed until tho muddy waves ran to our feet, but ; the turmoil gradually ceased, the reddish j tinge was absorbed by the yellow, and ten I minutes after he disappeared we saw nothing | bat the overturned raft drifting down to lodge i in a tree-top. ...... 