S:Ladies' 'Gossip. Another woman of mark-Mine. Ltoecklin Schwartz, many years of whose life have been devoted to good works--has received what is tMll toibi, considered, where a woman is con emrned, the highest reward of merit- namely, the Cross of the Legion of Honor. The small number of women who have the rightto wear the red ribbon-they are not more than twenty, even when reckoning the members of the religious nursing communities-renders this a distinction of the highest order. Vastly dif ferent is the violet ribbon belonging to the almes Academiques, which has of late years been almost too generously awarded for ser vices ill defined. The special character of this 'honorable grade is too often lost to eight, and persons are admitted into the list who have never done much to further educa tion in any form ; but this year the Govern ment has been somewhat more circumspect. Among the nominations that appeared last week were several female names. The dreadful tragedy which occurred the othee' day in the Rue des M'artyrs, when a familyconsisting of father, mother and daughter put an end to their lives to escape the shame and troubles of growing poverty, has caused a greatdeal of comment and much very real com miseration. All their preparations seem to have been made with a stoicism that savors of the antique, and which one would hardly expect to find in an average middle-class household. Ratherunfairly, perhaps. the opponents of ad vanced education for women set the tragedy down to the effects of an artistic training on an insufficiently biased mind; for many refuse to admit that the project could have been con ceived by either of the parents, but must have originated with the daughter, who had received asuperioreducation to her father and mother, and was both a musician and an artist. That her failure to secure a position as a teacher of music, or to get her pastels accepted at the Salon, preyed upon the younggirl's mind-she was only twenty-three-was probable; and perhaps, her mental superiority over her parents may have intluenced them. I like (says a writer to an English paper), someof the nursery sunerstitions. The thief in the candle; the stranger in the tea cup; the name that lurks in the coffee grounds; the bubbles in the tea cup that mean kisses; lucky money; the burning of the right or left ears; the Itching of the nose; the itching of the eyes; turning the money at the new moon; the seezing of the cat. All these are harmless little things at which the children laugh; they do not influence conduct-they make supersti tions riduculous. It would be a very pleasant thing for the Thirteenth Club to celebrate some of these superstitions; an enormous number can be collected. The Folk-Lore Society ; the author of the " Golden Bough ;" the Psychical Society could contribute hun dreds of these pretty, idle, merry little super stitions. But the club must invite girls to its evenings. What, for instance, without girls to go out and look for it, is the use of the new moon? Without girls to counteract the warning, what is the good of an itching nose r And, of course, for the Thirteenth Club there are most magnificent openings in the shape of ghosts. of all kinds. But these things will followin due course; "Lika Joko" is a most ingenious young gentleman. In the New Testament the twelve founda tions of the NewJerusalem are represented as of so many precious stones, comprising the amethyst, beryl, chrysolite, chrysoprase, chal cedony, emerald, jacinth, jasper, sapphire, sardineus, sardonyx, and topaz. The twelve foundations by some are supposed to represent as many aostolic virtues, such as : 1\. Amethyrst-Sobriety and temperance. 2\. Beryl-Goodness of mind at all times. 3\. Chalcedony-Ardent zeal. 4\. Chrysolite-Restrained by no obstacles. 5\. Chrysoprase-Severity towards sin. 6\. Emerald-Sauvity of manner. 7\. Jasper-Firmness and constancy. S. Hyacinth or Jacinth-Calmness in all 0, Sapphire - Heavenly and beautiful thoughts. 10\. Sardins-Readiness for martyrdom. II. Sardonyx-Variety in teaching. 12\. Topaz--Healing power. In case of fire a wet silk handkerchief tied without folding over the face is a complete security against suffocation by smoke; it permits free breathing, and at the same tuime excludes the suoke from the lunge. The '" Daily Graphic" gives an account of life at Krobo. on the Gold Coast colony. One of the customs of the country is that every girl, in order to become eligible for rmarriage, is obliged to leave her family and spend a period of 18 months on too sacred mount. Hero she is instructed in housekeeping, etc. The idea is not a bad nsae. 