Interesting Items. M ThiMonday morning, for the first time since no beginning of the year, Thole was a clean sheet at tho Police Courtf; „ Amiiho usual Monday druuks congratalV' thomedvoB on having broken the reoord. \ Mr .nines Crouibie, M.L. 4., the represent tivo ol Central Queensland on the Meat and dilry Board, and nnti-t eparationlst, la tie chiirmnn of the Hamilton Divi- slooallBoard, Theith'ctora of whioh on Saturday helped to retain a Ministerialist to Parliament. At libo mooting of the Australasian Assoaution for the Advancement of Science t) he told shortly in Brisbane, A piper ia to bo read from the British Consufin fiooiil, on " Corea." Wouldn't it he nice to get hold of an advanVe uopy nf that before the war is over l| ThiAugRRt number of tho Church Oncctlci distributed yesterday, contains very little goooru information. An appeal is made for donations to cnlargo the cathedral vestry, In connection with which a new definition of jindfiuR in pur vo is givA, lUiil&ia; being humorously described as a rather sumorouB choir, and Pa run the limited apace available. Bridal partiaB, it Ib said, find difllsulty in obtaining a requisite amount of elbow room ; The verger huB no place to stow away the ohnrch brooms and brushes; The bishop cannot move his musaalar arms ; . And altogether it is a case of crash. Stops arc proposed to be taken to make the building 18ft longly. Very atroig : Daffy, late Wanderor chain pion three-quarter back, playing jnnior in Brisbane. lie got " laid ont " during tho match. The lion and the lamb : The Into editor Of the very Democratic Charters Towers Ewjlc Is now sab editor on the staff of the Evenimj Observer, published by the Brisbnne Newspapor Company. The departure of tho tender to meet tho Northern mail boat yesterday Was marked by an unusual demonstra tion. Many " sorrowing friends " assembled to say a lingering good byo to certain well- known " proa." Alas! the ghost would not walk ! No companies exospt those who can pay 20s in the i! are advised to try Kockhampton for a while. Their reception would bo aool — or should it be said thoir departure would bo warm. Tho Itev J. M'Nsill is " the rage " in Mel bourne. His stylo is moat unique. One of bis passages, relating to tbo well- understood shumu-faoednoBs with whioh some men torn to well- doiug, ia worth producing. " Yoa, a man will trample on a father's ontreatios and on a mother's prayors, And bafcnlto himpcif straight to the devil with a front of brass. Bat when he comes back to Christ butter would not melt in bis mouth. "v.- : He wants to sneak in at night wh tho lamps are ont '< And whon no one will Bee him, because he ia afraid of what people will say." - This is tackling tho position in the broad, honest spirit of a man who knows tho world he lives in. Tho latest story of the British peerage— 4n ancient and partly fossilised nobleman, who is oriebrated tor tbo rarity of bis re marks, And for a long time was supposed to be a man who thought deeply and said little, After sitting iu his olnb for nearly two hours without speaking, Suddenly looked up and said, in tho tone of a man who had made a deep dieoovery, " I have noticed something very singular this year." " What is t.hat ?" came the expectant query. " Why, I notice that a great many more men are getting married than women." Then a silence that could have been re moved in chunks fell upon the company. Miss Mioliio, daughter of Sir Archibald Miohie, of Melbourne, is a blue-stooking She drav-s a distinction between interest and nsury whioh will strike thoughtful minds as rather novel. Usary, which she condemns, is not merely high interest, according to her. Money lent out, for any purpose, purely with tho object of getting a rotorn, no matter bow earned, is nBury. Tho return is only " interest," properly so- called, when the person receiving it takes aa actual " interest " in the concern by which it is prodaced. This will bear thinking about. Mr Bell, of the linn of Bell and Blaok, match makers, England, has decided to open a factory in New Zealand. When Mr Gladstone first became Premier a gentleman Called on hia old tutor, the Rev Mr Kawson, of Seaforth, Liver pool, To oongralulate him on tho high position gained by his pupil. The old gentleman replied : — I had two lotters this morning from old pupils— one Prime Minister, the other gatekeeper of a workhooso. Suohielilo!" An aged woman has jnst made her 263rd appearance before a London magistrate for drunkenness. At tbo recent oonforonoe of London cab. drivers aud cab-owners, ovor which Mr As qaith presided, Somo words oaino up whioh even the Homo Soorotary did not keow, and whioh have not appeared in any dictionary. Ono man oame forward and explained" I'm a mws/i." " Indeed," Mr Aaquith replied ; " but I am not acquainted with that word." It turned out that " mush " ie an abbrevia tion of the word " mushroom," / ' ><, And that it is used to designate a man witoy takes over a oabfromanothei for afuw home usually in ibe night- One who is, in fact, a "muslnooin" driver. ' Another puzzling term wta " steamroller." sovoral men oomplaining that it was too hard to pay 16a for a steamroller. This, it was explained, sot jargon term' for a cab of the old sort, without rnbber tyros. 