A REAL GHOST. In Hampton Court Palace. A light in a Haunted Chamber. Tho Touch of a Spectral Hand— Tho Ghostly Visitor Described. At last the reproach of tho Psychical Re search Society is taken nwny. ll has always been the joko against them that they, who stok persevcringly the spectral experiences which others, would only be too glad to avoid, never suoceod in getting a ghost to tako any notico of them. The mere presence in a haunted house; of one of these investigators was enough to lay every thing that ever walked in it ; for, as Mr. Lang puts it— When tho glum Researchers como Tho brutes of bogies— go ! .. 3 Rut at last better luck hat attended them. In the forthcoming number of Bouderlaxd the assistant editress, a lady well known in "psychical circles" ee Miss X., tells tho following tale of a night she lately spent at Hampton Court. It will bo seen that the spectre was not only proof against the dis couraging influence of the S.P.R., but was not cvou frightened awuy by an articlo on Bi-metallism. A tongh ghost this :— sleeping in a haunted i100.m. I recently found mvself thenuostof a lsdv occupying . a .pleasant enito of rooms iu !Hamplon; Court Palace. My room was quaintly pretty, hut somewhat peculiar in arrungomcnt, and lighted, only from tho roof. The folding doors wero locked ; more over, a heavy table stood against them ou tho other side, and a wardrobe on the inner. The bedstead wus a small one without curtains ; indead, the room contained no hangings whatever. The door into tho room opened so near to the head of tho bed that there was room between only for a very small table, upon which I took care to place two long candles and a plentiful cup- ply of matches, being somewhat addicted to late and early reading. 1 sat up in bed and gave my beBt attention to Lord Farrer's problem, " Shall We Degrade Our Staudurd of Valuo?" in the National Review. When' I finished tho article, as the clock struck half-past 1,-1 considered myself absolved from farther responsibility, put out my lights, and was asleep before tho next quarter sounded. awaked 1 Noarly three hours lator I was suddenly awakened from dreamless slumber, by tho sound of the opening of a door against which some pieco of furniture was standing, in, as it seemed, the empty room to my right. I remembered the cat, and tried to conceive by what kind of " rampaging " sho could contrivo to be so noisy. A minute Inter there followed a thud, apparently on . this side of the folding doors. ' A dress fallen in the wardrobe," was iny next thought, and I stretched out my left hand for tho matchbox, as a preliminary to inquiry. the touch ov a spectral hand. I did not rcacli the matches. It seemed to me that a detaining hand was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gazed around into tho darkness,. Some minutes pusaed in blackness and silence. I had tho sensation of a presence in the room, aud finally, mindful of tho tradition that a ghost should.be spoken to, I said gently, "Is nuy- one thbre ? Can I do anything for you ?" I remembered that the last person who enter tained'" tho Ghost " had said "Go away, I don't want you !" and I hoped that my visitor would admire my better manners and bo kind. However, there was no nnawer— no sound of'auy kind ; and return ing to iny theory of tile cat and the fallen dress, though nevertheless influenced by tho recollection of those detaining lingers not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round my bed, keeping the right hand on the edge of tho bedstead, whilo with my leftrnrm extended I swept the surrounding apace. As the room is small I thus fairly well satisfied myself that it contained nothing unusual. tiie apparition and its lioiit. I was, though somewhat perplexed, about to grant myself license to go to sleep agaiii, wiion in the darknoss before me thero began to glow a soft light. I watched it increase in brightness and in extent. It seemed to radiate from a central point, which gradually took form and became a tali, slight woman, moving slowly across the room from the folding-doors on my right. As sho pnsscd the foot of my bed I felt a slight vibration-in the spring mattress. At tho further corner bIio stopped, bo that I had time to observe hor profile and gbnernl appearance. Her face was insipidly pretty, that of a woman from 30 to 35 years of age, her figure slight, her dress of a dark soft material, having a full skirt and a bread sash or soft waistband tied high up, almost under tho arms, a crossed or draped kerchief ovor the shoulders, and sleeves which I notioed fitted, very tight below the elbow, and hair which was dressed so as not to lie flat to ilia head, oitber in curls or " bows," I could not tell which. As sho appeared to stand between me and the light I cannot Bpeak with any certainty as to tho color, but the dress, though dark, was, I think, not bluak. Iu spite of all this definitiveness, I perceived the figuro to bo unsubstantial, and I felt guilty of absurdity in asking once more, " Will you 1st me help you ? Can I bo of any use to you ?" THE GHOST KNEELS AND DISAPPEARS. My voice sounded preternaturally loud, but I felt no surprise at noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. Sho stood stiff for perhaps two minutes, though it is very difficult to estimate time on such occasions. Sho then raised hor hands, which were long and white, and hold them beforo her as she sank upon her knees and slowly buried hor face in the palms, in the attitude of prayer— when quite suddenly the light went out and I was. alone in tho darkness, I folt that the scono was ended, tho curtain down, and had no hesitation in lighting the candle at my sido. I triad to cxamino tho impression tho vision conveyod. I felt that it was defi nitely that of reproach, yot of gentle resigna tion. There was no force, no passion ; I had toen a meek, sad woman, who had succum bed. I began to turn over in my mind the illustrious names of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on ono— a bad man of the worst kind, a bad fool of that time of wickedness and folly, tho Regency— I thought of the sccrot passage in tho next room, and began to weave an elaborate ro- manco. " This will not do, hero and now," I re flected, as tho clook struck 4, and as au apt of mental disoipline I rotarncd to niy National Review, From Miss X.'s descriptions the ghost seems to be an unidentified spectre, at least a contury later than the wraiths of Cathe rine Howard and the other unfortunate Queons of Henry VIII,, who havo hitherto been supposed to be tho only spectral occu pants of the Palace. 