Religious Records/ ' ". The first manjiifc is said, to lediie' a legdoy to tjib Y,II.O;A.',,w4a Richard Graiidogok,' whoi lgl't it £400 in ,1853. , , :;.:'.Th'd'Rov. 'Mri Catmei.Wdsleyan iniiisidtiary 'at Samoa, .is-'yeiinqmBmpgius, work tpoce,-«Ml ;ia' : bxpocited ( to - rotiirn, to Sydnoy in Sbptemhoi; iioxt'. -.j! ' 'y ,i> 1 ' y Tlip AiiatraiianyWdsieyan Misslonary Booioty nre'iiHnngiiig, to send, tile Rov. S. Bi -FoUbwcs iiud his wifo.tp- bppri'up a dew stiltibii in Now Gnjnpashortly v ' ( -AY" A Aprivato yiow was .pfforded, on Juuo. l6, 6f the terra botta rngmorial of Mr. Spiirgbon, hy .Mr. '(rge iKnwOridi, in the now hall of tho Spiirgeon Orphanage, in tho Clqpham road. , ' \- :Canoh, Wilborforcowas, on Juno 18, pro-, .seated with a testimonial at Southampton from tho temperanco sooletios of tliat district, on liiH remo-viilto Westminster. Nonconformists aB Wdll as churchmen took part in tho proceedings. About 120 prioBts, the lurgest attendance on record, it is said,' took part in tho annual synod of tliodioceso of Sydnoy, hold at St. Mary's Cathedral on'Wcdnosday woek. Tho business wus purely cocleHinsticiu, and tho proceedings lasted throe hdurs. ,'It is estimated that there, aro now 7,000 pledged Olinatiiui Endoavourors in. South Aus tralia. So nutnorous liuvo tho eooiotibs bcuorao that it was doomed oxpedient lately to rpvisa the constitution of tho Endeavour Union so as to allow tho formation of distriot unions, .and already societies liavo groupod . thomsplvos into somo 23 unions of this kind, wliiah iu turn are represented by the control union. , ' On July 29 Dr. Talmage prenohed in the St. Stephen's I'rosbyteriiui Church, Phillip street, Sydney. Tho.ahureh wasbrowded, una, besides prcaoaing in tho building, Dr. Talmage worit outside and addressed a authoring of over 3,000 persons, who were uhablo to 'gain adiuis- ' sion. ' , A- It is (remarks the Sydnoy Haiti/ Telegraph) no uncommon thing to near of colonial church palling a man from home. It is hot so often 'that a homo ohuroh calls a man from the colonies, nevertheless wo learn that ono of the younger Presbyterian ministers in tho wostorn suburbs "of Sydney has been asked to considor a ball to uu important olmrgo in tho suburbs of Glasgow, Sootland. After tho President Garnot requiem in. St. Mary's Cathedral, M. d'Aunot, the Consul - General for Franco, called on Gardinid Moriin to thank him on boluilf of tlio Frenoli oitizoiis, and his Excollonoy tho Governor wrote to say how ploiiscd ho was with "tho admirable arrangements made for the attendance of bim- self, tho officors of State, and tlio general public at tho very touching ceremony." Dr. Anzor, Romun Catholio bishop of. Southern Chantohg, in China, has (says tho Sydnoy Dally Telegrdph)yns\, been appointed a- mandarin of tho 3rd class, which is oqual to the rank of a judgo or a genoral of tho .army. - Ho, is tho iirst prelate upon whom this distinction1 has been bestowed. It .is also interesting to note that . tho Ohineso authorities, in addition to compensating many privuto individuals, liavo paid £10,000 to tho repair of tho Roman Cutliolio mission buildings, which woro at-' taoked during tho recent miti-Christian riots. The Popo received, on Juno 17, 20 Roman and foreign ladies belonging to tho Association for tlio Assistance of Poor Churches. Among thoso present woro two Miraes O'Connell, de scendants of Daniel O'Connell. Tho Popo was especially gracious to these two ladies, with whom he conversed regarding thoir ancestor, naming him "tho great Irish patriot." His Holiness stud that, when SO years ago ho was staying in England, ho mado tho acquaintance of O'Connell, whom he had also heard speak iu tho House of Commons, and tho aged Pontiff wont on to givo a vivid description of a sitting of tho Honso when O'Connell had de livered ono of his brilliunt and inoisive replies to the Minister of the day. In stating that Mr. Irving had recently sent a donation of 10 guineas to tho Biblo Christian Chapel; ICeinton-Mundovillo, Somorsotshiro, on tho occasion of its anniversary, tlio British Weekly says that tlio great tragedian "was barn at a cottage in a village street, whdah has the neat appearance that marks all tlio cottages in these parts, on account of .tho famous bluo lias used m then- orcction. His father, named Brbdrib, was a journeyman tailor, and worked for an old master called Sims, who employed many hands. Many of the villagers remember tbo father and his now famous soul Mr. living's lotter convoyed tho expression of 'kiiid regards to old friends.' " Sir Georgo Williams presided, on Juuol2,'at tbo twentieth-eight anniversary of tho China Inland Mission. Mr. B. Broomhall, gouoral secretary, said tlio mission had 220 stations, with 4 <30 missionaries; including wives of missionaries; also 118 associate missionaries, and 360 native helpers, of whom 103 wore not supported hy tho mission ; 61 now workers had entered C.iiua during the year, 30 as members and li as associates. Five of those were from America and four from Australia. There had been 821 baptisms during tho year. Of the 300 missionaries from England, 32 woro living in China at thoir own expense, and others wore supported by friends, &o.;, so that 235 woro loft to bo provided for outiroly bv tlio mission. Tho total income was £32,178. Tlio number of communicants was 4,234. Tho general direotor at Shanghai, tho Rev. Yang King You, M.A., said that from a Chinese standpoint Christianity was progressing quiokly iu China. Tlio Chinese were not a quiok people. Tho benefits of opium nmoking were nil, and no Chinaman spoke well of it. It wiis a great vice, and a great obstnole to mission work. Miss Muir, from N.W. China, spoko. Referring to the consecration of tho Rev. Cecil Wilson us Bishop of Melanesia, the Auckland Church Gazette Bays that a striking incident occurred at tho momont of couseera- tion : " The sun suddonly shone through tho Cathedral windows, its rays falling on tho Cross on tho Holy Table, lighting it up with unusual brightness, und illuminating tho group before the altar. There was tho young Bishop elect rovorontly kneeling, his qhaplain, the Rov. A. Brittaiu on ono side, and on tho other nppcured the dark face of tlio Molanesian chaplain, tho Rov. Georgo. Sarawak who held tho hook before tho Primates; tho Primate in the centre, with ono of his Moari ohapluins, tho Rav. Wikiato Paa. holding the pastoral stall' ; on one sido of him woro tho Bishops of Dnnedin and Ohristehurob, and on the othor tho Bishop of Nolson. It was a thrilling moment when tlio words, ' Rocoivo tho Holy Ghost for tho office and work of a Bishop iu tho Church of God,' wore spoken by tho Primate. Tlio congregation in silonco prayed that tho young Bishop might indeed be strong fur tho Master's work in tho, islands of tlio Southorii Ocean, and faithfully follow tho saints of God who planted -tho banner 'of the Cross in tlio Now Hebrides, Banks, Santa Cruz, and Solomon groups." 