THE LATE JOHN RAE. [By Jack Smith. ] It was with a pang of grief that I, and probably all those who knew the late Mr John Rue, poet, novelist and journalist, either personally or by reputation, learned of his lamentable death. Australia can ill afford to lose writers of his acknow- ledged ability. Now that he is gone, although I differ with many of his " morals," I feel it my duty to acknow- ledge that the whole of his writings might, in my opinion, be read by the general public to advantage, especially those touch ing on social morality. Where is John Rae with his enchanting pen That fell the mental sphere but yesterday ? No more for him is earthly mount or glen, Alas ! his soul has left his withered clay Bound for a distant land. Where are his dreams — piously pictured lines ? Have they sank with his clay, fled with his soul, Or will they live in volumes for all time ? 'Tis for the world to say — Blessed be his soul Now in a distant land. Where are his teachings, so pleasingly taught, Have they sank into souls, been swept aside, Or set as a net in which vice is caught, Or cherished by all as a goodly guide To that far distant land ? Where those grey locks and that poor withered frame, The penner of verse, the writer of prose ? Alas ! that my life may as nobly close, My name shine here while my soul's at repose In that far distant land. Bellinu a Rat. — A rather curious lawsuit is reported from Paris. A gen tleman living in the Avenue de Ncuilly was terribly annoyed with rats in his house. They were large, ravenous, numerous, and hard to catch. Finally ho tried to trap one of the pests, and equipping him with a tiny bell, fastened to his neck with a hit of wire, set him again at liberty. The rat, of course, ran to find liis coiiipaiiious, and they all ran as eagerly to avoid him, and in a little cinte there was not a rat left on tho premises. Near by there livad a nervous gentleman, and ono night he was awakened by a curious tinkling sound, which came on fitfully, and seemed to proceed from every corner of the room. Ho lit a candle, and timorously proceeded to seareb. There was nothing visible and yet the mysterious sound was dis tinctly audible. He tried to think it was imagination, but, failing, decided it must be a ghost. It was clear that his house was haunted— and haunted, too, by day Mnl I .in Kit lllffK ! T?ae lironl/c K o pnillfl not sle6p, and tho anxiety told on his health. At last a gossiping servant learr.ed the truth, and the victim, instead of laughing at his own credulity, lias begun an action against the man who belled the r.it. The Secret of Prosperity. — In all theories of organised society the main spring is wanting. There is no want of desire, no want of emotion, no want of philosophy. All thinking men of our age are agog on this subject. Everybody ' wants to have the world happier than it is ; all the world wants mere justice ; all the world wants more prosperity. But men have not yet been taught, either by nature or by revelation, what is the secret or prosperity ; that power i3 the servant of weakness ; that the ends as indicated by the providence of God, the great ends of power in the development of the human race, are to ataist; those that are upper most to draw up those that are below tliern ; to assist those that are feeble, by giving them the- aegis and protection of those chat are mighty. The mainspring, therefore, of reform is wanting in the old wtvld. 'Thou shalt love tho Lord thy God, and thy neighbor as thyself ;' there you. have it. As the subjugation of rude forces springs more from fcho instincts ot life thau from tbe sentiments of love, BO all final great reforms in the organisation of liummi society at large must spring from that same central element- — 'Thou sbalfc love thy neighbor.' The world withiu sight of it.— Henry Ward Beechtr. 