/ \- SINNING IN VAIN. ? ? BY HARRY BLYTH, [all eights reserved.] IN TWO CHAPTERS.— 1. Thky were both beautiful iu distinct ways, and the ouc bore no rosemblance to ilie other. Nora Rrvyce was fair and airy. Flaxen locks, large blue eyes, aud a slight- figure suggested \u etherealisui which was wanting in tbe ?iroader lines oF tbe passionately dark Hetty Melton. Tbev both were seen to their best advantage when together. The very marked difftrenceiu their charms heightened the effect, 'trhans this is w hy they had so quickly taken to -ine another. Fortune had beeu as arbitrary in her treatment to them as Nature. Nora had *?10 pedigree to boast of, but she possessed ?wealth. Hetty could trace her descent through the centuries, but could not always command a £5-note. Society gave t-heui an equal amount of welcome, for, after all, gold does atone tor lack of aucestry if there be ?' good style ' with it. At the time this narrative opens, Hetty Melton v.as staying with her friend's parents at .their handsome country bouse iu Devonshire. The soft fragrance of the second crop of hay tilled the air. There was boating on the river, »vhicb ran through the grounds. Sea trips were to be had within easy driving distance. Sport ?was plentiful, aud there were delightful walks \- and rides round them, to sav nothing of the tich orchards, 'junkets,' and clotted creara. It *v;is a satisfying change from the dust of Lon don. There was much visiting aud receiving of ?guests, so the lively Hetty had no excuse for somplaining of dulness. Iudeed, she would been completely happy but for the paug which i the contrast between her friend's wealth and , her own net-dliyess occasioned. Her hope was a rich marriage, and this, she ? promised herself, was far from being an im . possible contingency. It v.-as gratifying for her -to see that Nora persistently left the field to herself when desirable men were in the house. This attitude ou the part of her friend puzzled her not a little. She considered it quite at variance with a girl's proper instincts. But «h«Mi t-he had always looked on Miss lioyce as V'itig a simpleton, and cue easy to beguile in any reckoning. ' Tbe day will bo gone before we start,' she ?«aid with petulance one tine morning, as she sat T watching Nora busy at her pretty little writmg ' desk. Hetty had beeu dressed for quite a qu.u-ter of an hour, so there was some reason for ht-i show of impatience. We shall never get to Barum and back in time for lunch.' 'Oh, yes, we shall.' returned Nora, turning . her bright face up. ' I shan't be a moment, dear. 1 must finish this letter.' ?' There will be time enough for that later . ou. The bag is not collccled until four.' ' There are some letters,' was the grave answer, ' which one does not care to trust in the b:jg — some, you know, Hetty, one prefers to post oneself.'' ' Only love letters.'' Hetty spoke with con tempt and tossed her raven head. *? Be that as it may,' laughed No^a, ' I have finished now, and it won't take me two minutes to dress.' She was as good as her word, but them she had only to put her hat on. During the drive into the old town they -chatted together merrily, and the subject of -tL'i letter seemed to be forgotten by both. At ^the yost oaico Hetty's keen eyes wat-ched the .missive as it dropped into the box. ' Thsre '? 7 she exclaimed, ' I was right after all. It is a love letter. I saw 'Esquire' on the back. ?? 'Well,' answered Nora calmly, ' supposing if is P Sllfplr 1 nar Imvn mr litfln * ifTa**. ? as well as auyone else. Besides, papa aud mamma know sit about it.' ?? What a sly wretch you are,' said Hetty, , you have never breathed a word of it to me.' ?j 'I wanted to give you a surprise. He is coming down here iu a few days. I hope you -will like him.' ' Take care he does not like me,' returned ^ Hetty jestingly. ' Of course, he is handsome, \- 'rich, aud all that sort of thing.' ' You don't suppose I would engage myself -' to a clown,' said Nora in the same bantering .spirit. ' Not one. has ever met George Fairfax and not liked him.' j A pallor worse than that of death spread over | ? Hetty's face. For a moment she felt that her' sensesliad left her. Ail was so dark. She so quickly recovered that this brief emotion was .unnoticed by her companion. ' George Fairfax,' she repeated, ' I thiuk , I was introduced to him at the Wises'.' What fun,' cried the delighted Nora, ' I am so glad you know one another. It- will be .a surprise to him to see you here.' ; *? It wili,' was the emphatic rejoinder. '' What a dull hole this Barum is,' she went on. ' I shall be glad when you have done your shopping. These narrow streets Lore me iterriblr.' ?' You don't look well, dear. How impatient ,vou were to get h-:re, and now you are in quite ,b big hurry to get home. 1 have done ail 1 iYiiutvd to do. We will drive back at once.' '? Did you only comc here to post that letter y \- ' That's all.' ' 'I hen, ' said Hetty, sarcastically, ' you ; ? can never have had a lover before.' ' I should have marritd Gerald Elwiu,' was the quiet reply, the voice shaking a little with emotion, ' but he died. It was a great sorrow ? to me. But God has been good to me. He 'has helped use to forget a little.' ?' J could not love more than oncc,' declared ' Hetty decisively. There was a queer gleam iu ; her eyes as she spoke. Back again in the house, and alone for a ' little in her own room, the girl gave expression to the feelings which held and swayed her. She : did not speak hir leelmgs aloud, for folks out . side a lunatic asylum rarely do. Her thoughts ; took pretty much this form. ' W hy couldn't she have lelt George Fairfax clone ? No wonder she has been so indifferent to every man about t bis place. She says she is engaged to him. Ti.is engagement, if there . be one, must be of recent date. Only two short months ago he seemed deroiod to me, and heaven knows I love him. It is true he never ? proposea, our ue ie«i me on — leu me on to \- dream my dreams. He must be taught that he cannot play fast' and loose with me in such a way as this. It is lucky I am here as 'he is . coming. They are not married. My dear Nora, '? I am afraid you never will he Mrs. Fairfax. To ' those who have shall be given, say the Scrip ' ? tures, but my love is worth all her money, aud '* so I will prove to him. To think that she ^ should co©e between me aud him. The very : suggestion is maddening to me. How wicked ; and evil I feel.' In spite of these perturbing thoughts Hetty '-?wore a debonnair manner at lunch, and dis^ : cussed the merits of Mr. George Fairfax with : much vivacity. Nora's father introduced the .subject, and laughed merrily at his daughter's ; reticence oil the matter of her engagement. ' I like George,' he said heartily, ' aud I -. am sure uiy daughter will be happy with him. ' By the way,' he added, ' his friend Walter \- Gould is coming with him, aud a little bird \- has whispered to me that he is a great admirer \- of you, Hetty.' ' I have met him a few times,' was the de mure auswer. , ' Possibly he may have good taste, but beyond that he has nothing to recom . mend him.' ' You mean he is poor ? Well, that is so, 'but it seems extremely probable that when his -Oincle dies he will be a very wealthy man.' : 'I hope so for his sake,' said Hetty. The fact that'Walter Gould was coming with George Fairfax was unpleasant news to Hetty. , She knew that he would be for ever at her ? lieels, and this would seriously interfere with the complete monopoly of his friend she bad promised herself: Her irritation made her be lieve that the Fates themselves were leagued _ against her. When the two young meu arrived, Walter's attcutions to her left her little or no oppor. iunity of winning Fairfax from the side of T\'~a. JLnis was exasperating to the last degree, specially as her coldness only increased Mr. yrjlould's ardour.' ' Why do you persist in tantalising so ?' caid the last-named gentleman, one evening, -when he and Hetty found themselves alone - among the trees. ~ ' I tantalise you ?' cried the girl. ' Really, !.Hr. Gould, I don't understand what you mean.' ' ?* Nonsense,' he returned hotly, ' you know . quite well that I love you, that I am devoted to ; you. One day you are kindness itself, and the : ^jiext we meet as strangers. This is not fair treatment, Hetty, and I am too passionate to ' r tolerate it any longer. Yon hold toy heart, j Teli me truly whether I may hope ever to win yours ?' ' It is 'a rough wooing, 'cheeaidwith a smile. ' But an;honest one,' he pleaded. ' I .ehall never lore again as I love ^you. - Hetty, bekind tome, Givexne tbe xight to call you my own ' { /t-&he-;£idjof && dayS.M* rt 1 '.?/- He looked flushed, earnisst, tristful; ^She 'was -juite calm, and therewiasiid sign'oftdtec ^fcHHunter oeld.^a*e.r ? :r '?'?« r%.' c Blr. Qoidd^'she kid;1**! 'am sorry- -this -j )ms happened. I had no idea that 2 had excited i ; ~ ' -any such hope 'in your ' brttiSt.' 1 sli'all always 1 cherish your friendship. I should be doing you a great wrong: if I allowed you to hope for more.' A deep sigh escaped him. v I am heavily hit,' he murmured, 'but even this is better than the torture of the un certainty I have endured the last few weeks. 1 shall leave here to-morrow, and it is possible we may not meet apin.' . ' I shall always be glad to see you,' she an swered, in a low tone, and they walked bock to the house in silence. She was too restless to regain long indoors. She was glad to steal out into the open air again, and be with her own thoughts. By the river she met George Fairfax, who asked her if she had seen Gould. ' He went into the house a little while ago,' she replied. ' I have not yet congratulated you oil your engagement,'' she added ; ' in deed, this is the first time we have been to gether since you have been here.' 'J Yes !' something in her tone made him search her face with interest. ' I hope 1 shall be able to felicitate Gould on his good fortune. Have you accepted him ?' 'No. How can you ask such a question? Have you forgotten all that has passed between you and me ? It is one life, oue love, with me.' tShe put her arm in his, aud looked up into his face piteously. ' Good heavens. Hetty,' he cried in dis tress, ' do uot talk iu that strain. We have ilirted, it is true, but I always imagined it was Gould you car?d for. Now that he has come into money there is no reason why you should uot marry.' ' You may despise me if you like,' she said, ' but the truth will out. I thought you had set your heart on me, and the awakening frotp my dream is'as bitter as death.' ' Poor girl, poor girl.' He tried to soothe her with tender speeches. tJelore tuey joined the others he had kissed her as a brother might a sister. ' IJe loves me stall,' she said to herself ; ' he loves me still, and I will win him yet I am glad I did not know that Gould has money It might have altered my answer to him, aud I should have lost George for ever.' On the following morning Gould returned to Loudon, and, a few days afterwards, George Fairfax followed him. CHAPTER II. ' Walter, my boy, you look as thin as a lathe and as pale - as a ghost. Wgmen have x spleudid theory that men do not feel love dis appointments, but your affair with Hetty Melton seems to have knocked you over altogether.' The speaker was George Fairfax, and the place his snug chambers in the Albany. ' I feel horribly seedy. The worst of it is I can't drive her out of my mind. I know I am a confounded ass to bother myself any more about her, but I can't help it. Do you know, George, I sometimes fancy she loves you.' ' I hope not,' was the steady reply. ' Funny how the obstinacy of human nature makes people do the wrong thing. Folks seem to take a delight in breaking their own hearts, just as children like to tear up their toys. I am not sure that in the old day 6 I might not have pro posed to Hetty, but I always regarded her as belonging to you. Of course, you know you have no rival in me, old boy ?' ' Oh, yes. Unfortuuately that does not help matters. Bilboe has placed his yacht at my disposal, and I think of ' doing the Mediter ranean. Be a good fellow and join me.' ' Thanks. Frankly, I must decline. The love sick Romeo is never a pleasant com panion, and there's metal at home more attrac tive. If Hetty had accepted you, you would not run away. You see I have Nora — ' '* Excellent reason,' said Walter, with an attempt at a smile, ' and I accept it. The trip promises to be a delightful one.,' ' I am sure I wonld enjoy it '/rere I free.' His servant entered with » letter for him. ' Just a moment,' said (jteorge to his friend, ' I'll see what this is.' The contents of the ej£stle changed his whole manuer, sent the bipod from his cheeks, the light from his eyes. ' Excuse me for a few minutes,' he said to Gould. 'I must answer this at oncc. Don't go away. I may go with you to the Mediter ranean after all.' Alone in another room he buried his face in his hands aud groaned aloud. The communica tion he had received was sufficient to upset a man of even stronger nerve. The envelope contained three letters. The first one he read ran thus : — The two notes I enclose explain them selves and need no comment from me. Having your welfare at heart, 1 am an xious to save you from the wiles of an unscrupulous flirt, whose vanity is only equaled by her heartless wickedness. The enclosure consisted of two letters — one in its owu envelope addres««d to ' Miss Nora Royee.' It had passed through the post ai.d had been ojiened. It was from a man who signed himself ' Gerald,' aud it contained terms of such passionate devotipn as only an accepted lover would venture to pen. The other was without any cover. It was iu Nora's hand writing, which Fairfax knew so well. That too, breathed affection iu every liue. The evidence of Nora's faithlessness seemed over whelming to him. The blow was a crushing one. It was his nature to act on the impulse of the moment. The note addressed to her and the one she had written he immediately despatched to her, accompanied by a terse request for an explana tion. To AYalter Gould he said, ' I have had some news which has upset me. I shall be bad com pany for you to id ay, so you had better leave me to myself. I suppose you won't start for a few days. Give me to the end of the week, aud then I will say whether I can go with you or not.-' Gould thought it unwise to press for any explanation then. So he left his friend with a shake of the hand, which was intended to be sympathetic. As quickly as the postal arrangements would allow, Fait fax received a reply from Nora. It was one calculated to convince him of her duplicity. She thanked him for returning to her the two letters which had been stolen froih her desk. She requested that he would also let her have back the diamond brooch which had been takeu at the same time. He tore the missive into fragments, and wrote a few hasty lines to Walter to the effect that he was quite ready to start at any moment. ' What has happened between you and George ?'said Hetty to Nora one morning ; 'I am sure you have had a quarrel.' 'No quarrel,' was her sad reply. 'We have parted for ever. He has been guilty of a very mean trick. I have nothing but contempt for him.' ' Don't talk like that,' Hetty cried ' he will cgme down here, and all will be explained.' ' He cannot come down here. He has gone abroad.' Hetty sank into a chair. ' Gone abroad ?' 6he repeated, in a hopeless voice. 'Why didn't he come here first ? Where has he goue to ?' 'I do uot know. I do not want to know.' Nora s silent grief was sad to see. As the oays passed, she grew thinner, and more hollow became her eyes. Hetty suffered hi a different way, and perhapsbarder, for she had to assume a lively manner she was far from feeling. The possibility of George Fairfax going away had never occurred to her. She had schemcd to separate him from Nora, aud win him for herself, and now she was farther from her goal than ever. He had nothing of moment to keep him in England. He might remain away for years, or even settle abroad. It added more gall to her bitterness of spirit to learn that 'Walter Gould had accompanied him. She had lost both when she thought her self most clever. ; Nora's fragile frame bore up badly over this, her second love disappointment. The doctors had to be called in, and a variety of remedies were tried, and in vain. There were no drugs that could kill the canker eating away her brain and preying ou her heart. Finally the inevitable 'change of scene' was recommended, sand n aninnm in fViA ielanJ j_i ? ? ? j - ?» wuc ituwu ui wiwiy ueiicrmiaea on. Mr. Royce begged Hetty Melton to ac company his daughter, and this young lady very gladly accepted the offer. She needed something to distract her gnawing thoughts as much as the acknowledged invalid did. They had uot been, many days in Palermo before they came faceto face with Walter Gould and George Fairfax. The latter turned iiis eyes in another direc tion, but Walter remained a minate or so in conversation with them. ' We must clear ont of here,' said George, when his friend rejoined him, ' I can't breathe the sagie atmosphere with that girl.' 'My dear Fairfax,' returned the other, 'what your dispute with Miss Royce may be I do not faow. ior. you haye not thojght it wise to enlighten me on that point. I have seen the girl Hove, and I am going to make a second attempt to win her. I^I^lII stay here a month. If you'eare to cruise about daring thin interval ®°'«o by ulm4ns. Here I remain.' \- events,' said George. ** You may remember th&.t -thibre *was£oiheone ^h°.«tiped hi s * candid friend,' but I am sot likely tb take that course with you. I ^eturn to^te jacht ^t onoe, and—well, T wish ?you bett« luck witb jour limrgying' schwe than I hft4 ? ? — i: ? .. . ?? Good,tlaughed Walter, *« bat don't forgetr to call for me this day month or thereabouts. That evening he called ou the 'two girls. Hetty 's firtvt question was, .' What have you done with your friend ?' ' Oh, answered 'Walter, ' he does not care for Palermo. He has sailed away.' .Hetty's heart fell at this news. It had no visible cffect on Nora. . She felt that there could be no Future for her with George Fairfax. The shocking change which bad come over Nora deeply excited Gould's sympathy. He paid her considerable attention, and in the ex cursions they made daily afterwards he was always at her side, rendering her a tbousand and-one little services. His behaviour excited all the irritation aiid jealousy in Hetty's nature. She began to think that after all she could tolerate Gould, especially as he was now wealthy. She was angry with herself for having rejected him. There seemed to be no chance of ? securing George Fairfax. It was annoying to see Nora taking up all Walter's time. Hetty wondered whether he had lost or forgotten his old passion for herself. Why should both these men run after that ' poor ghost of a thing.' Nora ? ' You look wondrously well, Mr. Gould,' she said to him one afternoon, as tBey sat watch ing tbe blue sea kissing the yellow stones. Nora bad felt too ill to go out with them. ' It is not long since you were quite melo- ! d ramie iu your misery. I suppose a man is never really * heavily hi*-' as you call it.' She bad turned the conversation in the pre- ' cise direction he wished. ' To be candid with you .Miss Helton, I felt your rejection keenly. I suffer from it still. Surely you will not wish to see one whining i over it ? I can endure and bear as a man should.' „ *? Has the world not yet taught yon never to' take a woman's first refusal as a final one P' She drew herself a little closer to him as she spoke. ' 'Which means — ?' he 6poke slowly. ' That I have felt as much pun as you. I j would not give you the same answer now as I ; did then.' j Walter did not let his golden moment slip. ! He put his arm round l^r and kissed her with i a fervour that flushed her cheeks and tangled j herhair. ' You love me then r' he cried, catching his breath with difficulty. ' Yes, and I always have.' Though it was not so, she believed at that moment she spoke the truth. 'There is oue thing you must do,' she added after a little ; ' you must bring George Fairfax back to Nora.' ' I fear that is beyond my power. He has never taken me into his confidence -over this unhappy enstraugement. He is quite resolved never to sec her agairu and she evidently does uot wish to see him. ' Nora has told meeverything. 1 have made some inquiries myself, and I am sure, Walter, if we put our heads together, we can make them once more happy. I want it so much. I am tired of seeing her so ill aud wretched. I would give much now to undo the wrong that has been done. Nora was engaged before, you know, at least you dou't know, for Nora never talks about it to auyone. It is a closed subject. Gerald Elwin was his uarue. He died suddenly. At the time it seemed to break her heart. She found her own letters to him among his papers, and these, with the oues he had sent to her, she cherished. Someone, who had an ill-will to Mr. Fairfax, took one of each out of her desk and sent them to him. There were no dates on them, and even on the envelope con taining one the postal mark was unreadable, as often happens. Mr) Fairfax naturally con cluded that these communications wereof recent origin, aud he sent them back to Nora with a sharp note. The poor girl quite as reason ably concluded that he had tampered with her desk, and had stolen the notes. So it is iu this way that this trouble has come about. See him and tell him this. Bring him to her. I went to see them happy now — now that I have you.' ' I should like to get hold of this scoundrel who played the dirty trick,' declared Walter. ' I shall only be too glad to be the means of making matters right between George and Miss Royce. Poor fellow ! He has suffered almost as much as I have. As for Miss Royce, it is easy to see that a reconciliation will save her life. Fairfax will be here in a few days now. We must wait until he arrives. As I don't know where he is, it is impossible for me to communicate with him.' For a moment Hetty's face was a study in perplexity. Had she impulsively made a false move ? A little consideration determined her that she had. It was too late now to go back, and she made herself as happy as she could in the tenderness which Walter showered on her. Nora received the news of her friend's engage ment to Mr. Gould with genuine pleasure tinged with the mournfulness begotten of her own deep and bitter sorrow. It had been agreed that nothing should be said to her about the purloined letters until George Fairfax himself appeared ou the scene. When at last he arrived at Palermo, he listened to Walter Gould's explanations with manifest concern. ' I have wronged the poor girl deeply,' he said, 'and she, quite unknowingly, has wronged me. I will go to her at once.' Tbe two friends went together, and^Jiey found Hetty and Nora by themselves. ' I have come,' said George, ' to beg your forgiveuess, Nora, for the wicked doubts I bad about your faithfulness tome. You have also nursed wrong notions about me. The clouds that have been between us can now be dispelled by my friend here. We have been playing at cross purposes. I am hopeful that to-day will bring us the old brightness back again.' Nora looked gladly up at him. Had they been alone it is more than probable a reconcilia tion would have been effected without tbe aid of either Mr. Gould or Hetty. Walter repeated substantially the story he had been told by the last-named young lady, Nora, was silent until he had finished. Then, with sudden and unexpected vigour, she cried — ' Who explained all this to you ?' Hetty made a movement to prevent Mr. Gould from answering, but he did not see it. 'Why, the dearest little woman in the world — my wife that is to be — Hetty Melton.' 'Thqn,' declared Nora, 'she, aud she alone, must be the thief. No one, except the person wuu luuucu mc auu ihjmju ever Knew ui uiy loss. Oh, Hetty, Hetty,' moaued the girl, breaking down, 'how could you be so wickedly cruel ? You must have stoleu my brooch, too, and you know how I prized that.' The men gazed at each other despairingly. This denouement was totally unexpected. Hetty Melton drew herself up to her full height. Her eyes flashed flames. 'I have done my best)' she said in a. cold, slow way, ' to reconcile you and Mr. Fairfax. It seems I have succeeded. 'For my pains I have a wicked accusation hurled at me. I think, Nora, that too much love has turned your Uraiu. Mr.' Gould,' she added, turning to him with quite a grjnd air, ?' I shall rely on your help to vindicate my character. We had better leave these people.' Before she reached the door, Walter following her in a doubtful way, it was flung open and the proprietor of the place in which they were staying, rushed in, his excitement being bound less. ' The young ladies are to be congratulated.' he cried, ' a thief has been iuto their rooms. But we-bave-caught-him, oh,- -yes, he is caught. He was in the apartment of Mdlle. Melton, and very busy with her trunks. He had secured this lovely diamond brooch, but we were too quick for him, and see, I have it here quite safe. Oh, the rascals, the common things are not good enough for them.' ' Thank you,' said Nora, gravely ; ' that is my brooch.' Hettylooked round her, haughtily. Curiously enough, all her scorn was reserved for poor Walter Gould. 'I suppose,' she said, in freezing tones, 'you are not man enough to accompany me from this house, where I have been so grossly insulted.' He said nothing. He contented himself with bowing profoundly to her. She travelled back to England alone, probably satisfied on one point, that it is rather an irritating performance to sin in vain. i ? : ? 