W tHB BAR PARLOR. ' There were not so many things lost after all the talk about the imported talent that was going to rob Tasmania of all its glory,' the bottle-holder observed ; ' bat I suppose it's because the detectives from the other side have got their eye on 'em. Several told me, how- i ever, of some things which, went out of several people's pockets only last week and were not accounted for. I mem till and counter robberies.' ' There is a very sharp shop iifter here,' said the police court reporter, and only last week I spotted her do a lift from a place iu Liverpool-str«et. I went after her of conrse. I always do go after the sex. But, although I followed her, I ciuldp't recover the things lost.' ' Perhaps you are the man who lost his breath and considered that the best way to recover it was to Btand still,' said the insignificant man. ' I Jieard « funny thing at the Exhibition the other day,' said the Bporting reporter. 'Some of our artillery force were fixing up an ex hibit of Tssmanian warlike atpcts ; One of them was taking the dirt off m. Whitehead torpedo when a visitor asked, ? does that work by clockwork P ' ' No,' says our brave «defeuder with a look of contempt, * it works by steam.' ' ' What is more than Taomanians do,4' remarked the exhibition man. ' Talking about dirt,' eaid the fianday represent tive, ' If the chairs at the reading room .were placed under acid, scraped, and washed we might' be able to see if the timber is encalyptusv globnliis or Americua oak.' 'I see they are making some very good alterations at the Library,' the editor observed ; ' I 3ike going there, it seems as if you were in your own study, you kuow.' ' Y-.-8,' swid Jim the luney, ' I have seen some: ther.- with their bead on a book Bleeping l;k-? a top. I suppose thuy Wi-ie in an eclipse study ? ' ' 'I don't wonder at it,' said the publisher, ?'? I have tried to read * Milton's Paradise Lost,1 bnt the light was tbat high il was impos sible.' ' Why don't they put up shades?' remarked the government house man. ' I suppose you have found the wont of shades often,' said th» athletic reporter, ' however, I have a few green eye shadeR that I have had to use now and again, and if the library people like I can loan them a, few.' ' We hold high notions in Tas mania, the Sunday man went on to Bay, 'in fact I know of no place qpQAQP where peaple-^S'ff-eo idnaervative, A stranger hasn't got -much chance here. I wtsnt-doiohuiioh as usual !wt,§!Wday,.ajad.!pptioeiv8P»«fclling rather ariatodnatic. ' A- «traogerj Bove^vet-ttoo' ?*? visit to' onf bea«i^ ffril' ifilatiid, ?' e^e^a'Sbe -feE»||fut , Icihurch 4iri'd! j^B.jship^ -U- a. beilfltf fill pew by the beautiful — ' ?. i 'Oh ! etaeh it,' eaid the sporting nan:- ??-'*?-' r ? ' -? ' -' ';?? - ? jj ' Well, yon1?n-jw..I;.i»mi^in1tb.'iJB --1 |astip, , tM.ttijfl. *pw ^elpngeditp .*, uertain old M&ut; whp iheld iVery strong oonservAtiv* 'viewfii ' His lalHyrreltttivei ^iefn-t n^nd-ttto^h' *be, str^jefers' 'preEenise Ipr $be£, ;'w'r jflnriJeiJ %W'Jf» ^ k««ft of ,curipslty( sscaped froui the boo in Melbourne -;1 but when the old gent comes etong1 he ne^ly'faSHfed: '.''The i verier ,'cdve, asked 'tM'jB^tijwi ^{p^l.to go ' anjd j gep.the'Pap^fTT-',!! - /i:: ? -.i r ? ; | ' Wfaat, .bad cannons or guns to lo witii it,' asked the sporting ta^nl^ 'Did they want io sjipot ofif a! : pigeon. nja(«H P'', -' , ' i'.ISq, 'cer(^injy: ,pot. I did aot Jnfer sou Iimeantthe cauon of the ^ shnroh/' :'?- ? ['?? -';' ? ';-? '????? 1 'I fceejin' old ^Iinooth'boie— ;VBry ; nuch ofa bore. Bat anyway, the ifcfjmge.purioBity ngt binpg a bddi iort, did: so ahd itHved the poor move's billet. Bnt the old g-nt hafi; lever, ;etftei»l' the cliurch Bince,j ind that's what I call true conger- , ratism.' .'; ; . 'If jour landlord mak«B com ilaints about some of us he may be :orgiven,' 'fiaid ,3l|ih tlip ti\m-*y, Bhedding (pare, 'for Itudioi-ds (have idenl (o put up with S'-OH-fcitnos. There's that cove who kei-ps the mb on the new whft'f, look at him1 md the batcber. .Thp meat man's ; missus gets up a complaint about Charley because her husband is irookiV . ' ' Well, perhaps fche jdon't want him drunk,' hazarded ^ 'the ihBigr bificantman. . - ? 'No doubt. But that's no reason why. anyone should' abuse the publican. He didn't muke the man drunk. . There are plenty of other pnbs quite as hand/ and with just as heavy looking sign boards.'* ' Well, no one cares about a mad batcher, ybn know. He might want to praotiee carving chops at)d iteake p.ufc of .tup public. Who mows ? He might carve up Par iatnent) it's not far away.' ; 'Well, if he did we might get a! iew one, aud perhaps after all if- a itiw of them were carved: up into neat little joints thev might fill a sphere of nsefalneas hitherto, foreign to Jliem.' 'In what yray?' i . 'In being converted into manure. Bat- that is no reason why the woman should tear.' ' '? Bu't aidn^t she beat bim with a, stick ? 'asked the Sunday man, at which the married men of die com p&ny;^ looked eerious and eaid nothing. ? ? : : , ; , The insigmfibVnt man lepHrked, that it. wae a hard thing to deal with some people. - He knew of a case where a man had invited a number bf friends to a cor tain house iti town topy.rta.ke of his hospitality but the landlord would not give them credit However, they all upent a little and yet that man hud grumbled and' wanted his back arrears. Some people were never satisfied. He knew one party who had on one occasion invited all Hobart to partake of his hospitality. "You mean, I suppose, that he painted the town red," said the landlord, who came in then; "but you won't paint me red, strike me pink if you do. So you'd better go out and wait until the ghost walks." So we went. 