The Funeral of Patsy O'Hare. (By Wtt.t.tav Tirebuck.) (Continued.) A policeman by a lamp eyed their approach. ' A fine morniii' hrakin', policeman,' said Terry. ' It is — but what have you there ? Stop !' ' Sure, we will ; stop boys. Now ye see ?what it is 5 faith ye know it ; there's only the one shape whin yez come to that, an' it's hard it is whin a man has to carry it home for his own.' ' But this is a strange time to be taking it home.' ' So it is, so it is ; but it's not stranger than black smallpox that carried her off, poor Bowl (the officer coughed and moved away), and as ye know yerself there's no time to lose ? ' 'All right,'' said the officer, still moving. ' For the strict rigilations about the likes of that ? ' 'All— right!' ' Move on, boys,' said Terry, and they soon reached Patsy's street in safety. ' Och, now that I think of it what a miss !' exclaimed Terry. ' We niver tould Mother Burke what we've been after ; she won't know about Patsy.' ' Now that's awkward,' said Dan. ' It is,' said Tim. ' But we can't sit on it outside until mornin',' said Terry, picking up some gravel and throwing it at the second storey win dow, and knocking at the door. Mrs. Burke's wrapped up head shortly ap peared out of the window. 'Who's that?' she cried, only half awake. ' There's four of us ' answered Terry, ' three of flesh and blood and one of wood. Come down. Mother Burke, and let ns in.' ! 'What's that you've got, Terry ?' ] ' Sure, you ought to know it ; it's your | own coffin. Xe're dead, ye're only dramin' j ye're livin' ; send down yer ghost to open the door, or I'll come up the bricks and V^n ye agen, I will.' Mother Burke soon let them in, and taking it for granted that ' poor Patsy who had gore '' was 'inside, she fell across the coffin, wailing lamentations, and in one of her many soliloquies she wondered, ' who'd be at the payin' of the darlin' boy's debts' — and Tim and Terry looked at Dan. The coffin was taken into the nearest room, and Terry, Tim, and Dan hastened to the door. ' Whaf s yer hurry ?' asked Mrs. Buxke. ' Isn't it almost time to be goin' to work ?' answered Terry. ' Haven't we to am someut to bury him, to say nothin' of the wake which'll be the night of this same ? day. I know yez loved Patsy, Mother Burke ; I know yez did ; like a mother of a ? son yez did ; an' it's manny a aViiTliTi* he paid ye, an' manny a New Year's drop he bought ye — get a bottle of O.I. in, Mother Burke ; we'll see ye paid for it, eh, Dan ? But * it's time for us, boys, to be out at work. Now Dan, now Tim, come on 5 let Mother Burke have her sleep out or she'll be all of a blink to-night when the sarvice is on, an' it's a wakin' wake and not a Bleepin' wake that we want. Hurroo ! Git out ! ' It was then half-past 5, time for Dan O'Connell to be going to his shop. But Dan fought shy of it. He was afraid. Suspicion would be certain to fall on Vnm ' Aye, if ye don't go,' said Terry. ' Go for the sake of Patsy's expinsis if for no other, for he's got to be buried. Me, Tim, and Mike will pay yez back. Go, Dan lad, an' # don't spoil us all, for there'll be the candles, ihe bottle of Irish and the like, to say nothin' of the coach an' the bit of ground. Now, Dan, be the dacent man for us 5 we'll do the likes for you.' * Dan, however, hadn't courage. He wouldn't go, and Terry and Tim almost ex communicated him. The three men went to order the hearse for next day, for their feeling was the eooner they got that coffin underground the better. But the funeral furnishers wanted a deposit. Terry was astounded. 'A deposit?' said he. 'I niver heard of annything of that kind before. We don't want to keep your horse an' coach . as soon as we've done wid 'em, an' if it comes to security, |if that's what ye mane, there's the coffin an' the corpse that ye're -welcome to if we don't pay ye. Give him the half-crown, Dan j but it's an insult. Fd like a resate, for there's little trustin' people of bisniss as 'ad do the likes of that. Divii a f arthin' more they'll get,' said Terry outside, ** an' now for the bit of leasehold,' lie added, referring to the cemetery. Dan O'Connell did not -want to go. *? Och ! I'm ashamed of ye,' exclaimed Terry. 'Ye don't desarve the big an' honored name that's tacked to yer rags and bones. Dan O'Conmell, indeed ! Did yer mother think ' ye'd bemane it? Ifs a wonder the great Dan himself doesn' reach bis hand out of bis crave at ve and shake the price of Paddy's last comfort out of yer .pockuts. Te'ie in cash, we're not 3 make us even wid ye be a loan. . Come on Dan, an' be a bit of the great O'Connell.' And Dan went. During the day Mike Magrath turned up. He had been taken to the police station as a suspicious character in the night, but was discharged. At dusk, the four men shouldered tie coffin, to the hospital, poor Patsy was put £11 it, and conveyed home. He was placed on two chairs in title kitchen, one at the head and the other at the feet. That done* Terry O'Brien glanced about the place for the shape of a bottle, but he didn't see so much as a cork, and as a beginning he very tenderly asked Mrs Burke if she had a couple of candles — for Patsy. -? I haven't. What's to do with the gas?' ' Ifs like yourself, a bit too mighty high. Whoiver heard of gas for a wake ? j I niver did, and niver wilL It's much too lively a flame for a death 5 you want the lowly glimmer of a farthin' rush — for the ! love of hiven, Dan, boy, put your hand for j us in yer pocket agen, seein' as Mrs. Burke ! is too mane to light Patsy accordin' to the J dead. Why the angels would think we j were in competition with glory itself if we \- waked' Patsy with all the full force of the gasworks at our back $ and for the sake of dacent humility, Daniel, bring us a couple of dips and we'll cut 'em into four — and now to speak plain, Mrs. Burke, what about the - bottle — the O.I.— did ye attend to it?' ' I did not.' ' Och, boys, here goes !' j (And he took off V'« coat.) ' Follow suit, boys. Put down yer gar mints, like men, and ?we'll club for it.' ' An' what about clothes for the buryin' ?' asked Tim Hoolan. ' Arra ! we'll go in shirt sleeves if we've had 'whisky overnight, but we'll hardly go at all if we've had none. Luck find us in the mornin', it's honor for Patsy to-night. Come on now. Iv'ry man with his coat 1' called Terry, folding his, Tim's, and Mike's on the coffin. ' I'll keep mine on me back,' said Dan, ' but here's a shillin' for ye.' ' Hurroo !' cried Terry, taking up the coin and the clothes.* 'I'll be back in a crack.' He returned with his two candles, a bottle of whisky, and hia own coat on his back. ' An' sure, thaf s a trick,' said Tim. '? Why didn' you pawn yer own ?' asked Mike. ' It was this way, boys. I felt chilly goin' an' I put it on.. I was sure I'd j be chilly comin' back, so I didn' take i it off. But here's your bottled consolation, ail wnut uiunj u.u y« vyauii 1 jxti x v«s provided for the future, for I told some of the neighbors as I wint along that if they'd j bring thftirown wbisky an' a drop or two ? over, they could come an' join us. The j glasses, Mother Burke ! Och, ye're quicker \ wid them than ye was wid the bottle $ but j ye're a Lidy, an' ye'll be first. There's for j yez. Jvow, Tim ; now, Mike ; now Dannel j — and mure work to ye. Up, boys, an' i blessed be Patsy O'Hare. J ' Oh, Patsy O'Hare, j Oil, Patsy O'Hare, ' An' wiry did ye die like a breath of the air ? We loved ye me boy j And the tear in the eye ?: Is cryin' ' Oh, Patsy, Oh, Patsy O'Hare.' ** J There was a loud knock at the front door. ! 'Save us! I thought it was Pat3y at the] lid,' said Terry. ' It's the neighbors ; alriddy. Luk at that. Open the door, ! Mother Burke, and let iv'ry soul that has its j credentials with it in a glass case, walk in- j side ; the others can walk home.' i Oh, Patsy O'Hare, j Oh, Patsy O'Hare, j An' why did ye die like a breath of the air ? \ In walked two policemen and Dan O'Connell's employer. ' An' what's this disturbance of honest folk keepin' the dead company ?' demanded Terry. ' What about this coffin ?' asked an officer, while Dan's master examined the ?wood. ' What about it ? It's a good un,' said Terry. ' But is it paid for ?' asked the second officer. 'And who turned you into a County Court?' 'At any rate we'll turn you and your three mates here into a police court. Do you recognise it ?' he asked Dan's master. ' I do. It's my wood. They made it on my premises. Here are the oak shavings that match it. t give the four of them in charge.' Mother Burke fell ^eross the coffin with a great waiL ' Oh, Patsy, }s it stolen wood ye have about ye ? Have pity on a poor, lone, innicent widdy, gentlemen. Oh, I didn't ?rtiiTilr Terry O'Brien that ye'd make me a victim of reeavin' stolen goods. Away with the four of 'em, as brazen a set of rogues as iver took advantage . of a widdy's roof ' — and Terry, Mike, Tim, and Dan were marched ofiE. Next morning they each got three months. Terry, in the name of charity and justice, begged to be let out on bail for the funeral $ even if they let him out in handcuffs he'd like to be there. But the appeal was not heeded and the four men were moved below, the sound of Terry O'Brien's voice coming up the ?well of the dock singing : Oh, Patsy O'Hare, Oh, Patsy O'Hare, And why did ye die like a breath of the air ? We lpved ye, me boy, And the tear in the eye Is cryin', ' Oh, Patsy ! Oh, Patsy O'Hare.' Patsy O'Hare's funeral took place that afternoon. He was followed to the grave by Mother Burke, a dozen other women with shawls and aprons over their -heads, about twice as many barefooted children, three rag dolls, two disconsolate-looking mongrel terriers — and the undertaker for the balance of his account. ' ' [THE SMB.] 