AMUSEMENTS. The pantomime " Aladdin" was repeated by the Liliputian Opera Company at the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening in the presence of a large and appreciative audience. The chil- dren worked bard to ensure the Bncoes? of the performance, and tbeir songs and dances were receivod with hearty applause, while the picturesque grouping end well-exambed m&rche;? also met with the approbation of the I audience. This afternoon a performance will be given for children, the season dosing to night, when a bankets' theatre party will be present) to witness the production of the donble bill, "The Forty Thieves" and "Aladdin." Another good boose greeted Mr. J. P. O'Neill's Irisb Comedy Company at tho Bijou Theatre on Thursday evening when the amus ing fatoe "let on Parla Franoais" and the extaavagarza "The Happy Man" were once more repeated. The audience was an apprecia tive one and the introduction of new songs and dances met with hearty applause. The same bill will again be presented thia even ing. The members of the Norman & McLean Dramatic Company arrived by the Inna mincka on Thursday and will inaugurate a short season at the Theatre Royal on Satur day evening with Miss Blanche Lewis's sensa tional drama " Cinders." Both Mr. Albert Nor man and Miss Blanche Lewis are suffioientiy well-known to Adelaide playgoers to need no reintrodactioa, while the company will con tain several faoea new to the local stage. "Cinders" will be mounted with elaborate soenerv and effects, the former being from the brush "of Mr. Alfred Clint, the well-known eoenic artist Popular prices of admission will be charged all over the house, and a suooessful season of drama may fairly be anticipated. A benefit performance to Mr. Walter Bentley will be given by local amateurs on Monday. January 29, when the powerful drama "The Silence of Dean Maitkad" will be presented for the first tune in Adelaide. Mr. Bentley will himself appear as the dean, the amateur element being drawn from the leading dramatio clubs of the city and suburbs. Farther particulars respecting the performance will shortly be given, and a good house is confidently erpeoted. At to-morrow night's "Continental" Miss Annie Mitchell, a Tasmanian soprano, will make her first appearance before an Adelaide audience, and Mr. A. Dunoan (tenor) and Mr. Julian O'Sullivan (baritone), both local artistes, will also tako part in the programme. The morning, afternoon, and evening ses sions of the Battle of Waterloo attract a con stant stream of visitors, the lifelike picture being the subject of universal admiration, while Mr. liooldey'e illustrative lecture and the descriptive music introduced under the direction of Mr. Dennis Keenan add greatly to the pleasure of the onlookers. Napoleon's Ghost nightly visits the Boene of bis defeat, while the beautiful fountain of laughing waters completes the pleasure and bewilder ment of the audience, who give expression to their delight in enthusiastic applause. On Tuesday evening a most successful entertainment was given in St. Luke's echool room, Whitmore-sqnare, in aid of St. Paul's Cricket Club. This was the third annual concert of the olub, and each year the audience increases. On Tuesday evening each number of the programme, which was in the hands of Mr. G. W. Selch, was received with acclama tion by a large and appreciative gathering. Several members of the club contributed numbers, but the gem of the evening was a song, "The MHshipmite," by Mr. A. Vardon. After a deal of patience the Holdfast Bay Band were at last favored with suitable weather for an open-air performance at Glenelg on Thureday evening. There was a Urge audience, and the programme was one of the best this body of masurians have submitted, and included the march "Collegians," written specially for the band by Professor W. E. Knox. This composition was listened to with pleasure and favorably commented upon, its tuneful nature becoming more attractive on repetition. The other items rendered under theoonductorship oE Bandmaster J. J. Craig were—March, "The rowdy dowdy boys;" selection, "Gem of Scotia;" waltz, "Valley of ferns;" qnadrilla. "Jollity;" OFSrttZre, ** ;** waltz. " f Allesi leaves ?** and the schotti?obe, " Ever thine.'* 