CtlAPTEIt XXVI. After. Six striiies of the horse into the darkness aud Kate's hysteria was gone. She grew quiet and silent and even solemn, hut Pete rattled on with cheerful talk about the day's doings. At tiie doors ot the houses on the road as they passed people were standing in the liaif-light to wave them salutations, and Pete sent hack his answers in shouts uud laughter. Turning the bridge they saw a little group ot the porch of the " Ginger." " There s company waiting for us yonder," said Pete, giving a touch of the whip to the mare. " Let us get on," Baid Kate in a nervous whisper. " Aw, let's be neighbourly, you know," said Pete. " It wouldn't be daceut to disappoint people at all. We'll bawl up for a minute just, and hoof up the time at a gallop. Woa, lass, woa, mare, woa bogh 1" As the gig drew up at the inn door, a voice out of the porch'cried, "Joy to you, capt'n, and joy to your lady, and long life and prosperity to you both, and may the Lord give you children, and health and happiness to rear thein, and may you see your children's cluidren, and may tliey call you blessed." "Glasses round, Mrs. Kelly," shouted Pete. t "Go on, please," said Kate in a fretful whisper, and she tugged at Pete's sleeve. The stars came out; the moon gave a peep; the. late hay of the Cnrrogh sent a sweet odour, through the night. Kate shuddered and Pete covered her shoulders with a rug. Then he began to sing snatches. He sang bits of all the songs that had lieen sung that night but kept coiping hack at intervals to an old Manx ditty which begins: " Little red bird of the black turf ground, Where did you sleep last night?" Thus he Bang like a great boy as he went' rolling down the dark road, and Kate sat by his side and trembled. They carae to the town, rattled down the Parliament-street, passed the Court- houBe under the trees, turned the sharp angle by the market-place, and drew up at Elm cottage in the corner. "Home at lost," cried Pete, and he leapt to the ground. A dog began to bark inside the house. "D'ye hear him?" said Pete. "That's the master in charge." The porch door was opened, and a comfort able-looking woman in a widow's cap came out with a lighted candle Blinded by her band. It was the widow of the Cox. "And this 4s your housekeeper, Mrs.' Gorry," said Pete. m ~ • j Kate did not answer. Her eyes bad been fixed in a rigid stareon the hind- quartersoL the home, Which1 were steaming in the light of the lamps. Pete lifted -ber doWn aB he had-lifted ner up. Then Mrs. Gorry toot her by the hand, and saying " Mind the step, ma'am—this -way, ma'am," Jed her through the gate and down the garden path, and up to theporch.< The poroh opened on a square hall,furnidhediaaiihittiug-!room;j-Atire!WaS burning, a lamp'tfa&'iit; the" t4blirtt$s 'l&id; ' for supper, and the place was warm and cosy. " There I What d'ye say to lhat ?" cried hand!COming behlud »vith th* whip in^fe Kate looked around; ake did not SDeab - her eyes began to till. ' " Isn t it fit for a Dempster's lady ""gout Pete, sweeping the whip handle round the room like a showman. Kate conhl bear no morn. She sank into a chair and burst into a fit of tears. Pete's glowing face dropped in an instant "Dear heart alive, darling, what is it*" "5 J'£fy P°°r -'irl> "'hut's troubling you at all ? Tell me, now—tell me? bogh, tell me." " It's nothing, Pete—nothing. Don't ask me. soid Kate. But still she sobbed as if her heart would break. Pete stood a moment by her side, smooth ing her arm with his hand. Then he Baid with a crack and a quaver in his great voice* ' It is hard for a girl, I know that, to lave father and mother and everyone and every thing that's been sweet and dear to her since she waB a child,and tocome to the bouse of her husband and say, ' The past has been very good to me; but still and for all, I'm for trusting the future to you.' It's hard, darling • I know it's hard." * "Oh, leave me 1 leave me 1"cried Kate, still weeping. Pete brushed his sleeve across his eyes, and said, "Take her upstairs, Mrs. Gorry while I'm putting up the mare at the Saddle." Then he whistled to the dog, which had been watching him from the hearthrug, and went out of the house. The .handle of the whip dragged after him along the floor. Mrs. Gorry, full of trouble, took Kate to her room. Would she. not eat Jier supper! Then, salts were good for headache—should she bring a bottle from her box ? After many fruitless inquiries and nervous pro testations, the good soul bade Kate good night, and. left her. . Being alone, Kate broke into yet wilder paroxysms of weeping. The storm cloud which had been gathering had burst at Inst. It seemed as if the whole weight of the day had been deferred until thpn. The piled-up hopes of weeks had waited for that hour, to be cast down in the Bight of her own eyes. It was all over. The fight with Fate was done, and the frantic merriment with which she had kept down her sense of the. place where the blind struggle had left her made the sick re coil more bitter. She thought of Philip, and her trouble began to moderate. Somewhere out of the uncrushed part of her womanhood there came one flicker of womanly pride to comfort her. She saw Philip at last from the heights of revenge. He loved her; he would never cease to love her. Do what he might to banish the thought of her, she would be with him always ; the more surely with him, the more reproachfully and unattainably, because she would be the wife of another man. If he could put her away from him in the daytime and in the presence of those worldly aims for which he hod sacrificed her, when night came he would be abie to put her away no more. He would never sleep but he would see her. In every dream he would stretch out his arms to her, but she would not be there, and lie would awake with sobs, and in torment. She got strength-from this cruel comfort ing, and Mrs." Gorry, in the room below, listening intently, heard her .crying cease. With her face still shnt in lioth her hands, she was telling herself that she had nothing to reproach herself with; that she could not have, acted differently; that she hod not really made this marriage; that she had only submitted- to it, being swept along by the pitiless tide which was her father, and Pete, and everybody. She was telling herself, too, that, after all, she had done well. Here she lay in close harbour from the tierce storm which had threatened her. Shame, so-nearly swamping her, could not touch her now. She was safe, she was at peace. The room lay still. The night was very quiet within those walls. Kate drew down her hands, and looked about her. The fire was burning gently, and warming her foot on the sheepskin rug that lay iu front of it. A lamp burned low on a table behind her chair. At one side there was a wardrobe of the shape of an old press, but with a tall mirror in the door ; on the other side there was the bed, with the pink curtains hanging like a tent The place had a strange look of familiarity. It seemed as if she had known it all her life. She rose to look around, and then toe inner sense leapt to the outer vision, and she saw how it was. The room was a reproduction of her own bedroom at home, only newer and more luxurious. It was almost as if some ghost of herself had been there while she slept—as if her own hand had done everything in a dream of her girlhood wherein common things became grand. Kate's eyes began to fill afresh, and she turned to take off her cloak. As she did so, she saw something on the dressing-table with a label attached to it She took it up. It was a little mirror, a handglass like her own old one, only framed in ivory, and toe writing on the label ran— lasted of The one that is bruk with fond Luv to liiiry. Peat, Her heart was now beating furiously. A flood of feeling had rushed over her. She put toe glass backas if it stung her fingers. With both bands she covered her face. Everything in the .room seemed to be accus ing her. Hitherto she had thought only of Philip. Now for the first time she thought of Pete. - She had. wronged him—deeply, awfully,1 beyond atonetnent or hope _ of forgiveness. He lovedi"her ; he lmd ifhufieB her.; he had brought ber to bis home—to toie: Jiurbopr of safgty/romthe danger thaf'hpprpMSl her —and eh? had deceived anH;Uetrayed qim;; 'A~sodden fainteese seized her. She' grew dizzy and almost : fell. - A, iporC' teirible memory-hud come. behind* - The MelHaht The Waltogn l^.fThethought was Hketavens flopping their blame wings on ner brain. ' She felt her temples beating against her hands. They seemed to be suckingthe life out of her heart. . - , Just then the voice of Pete came beating up the echoes between the house and the chapel beyond the garden— " little red bird tit tlic Week turf ground, : Where did you sleep last night !" • She heard liim open the garden gate, clash it hack, come up the path with an eager step, shut the idoot of theuousc And chain » on the inSide; Then ahe heai,d ins deep voice speakingbhlow. ; : ' V Better now, Mrs. Gorry f, v . ■ . v J'Aw, better, sir,' Ves. and quiet enough tois ten.roinutes." L ;<■■;- it; ^ i " Give her. lime, the bogh I - aisy with? the like. beaisy.'' Tj; - 7. •: •."« } ^Presently; she" hehrdj him_ qend off ■ Gorry fortoenigbt, sayihgheshould want no supper and should be going to bed soon. Then%e house became squttt. mid the smell pf tobacco smoke capoe noatiog > up 'toe jsrairSr 1 vT te'si wrainst her face. She felt herself swooning, S "|1P caucht hold of the mantelpiece. a"'It cannot be," she thought. " Hemust not come. I will go down to him, and say, •Pete, forgive me, lam really the wife of ^Thenshe wonld tell him everything. Yes, she would confess all now. Oh, she would not be afraid. His love was great He would do what she wished. : She made one step towards the door, and was pulled up as by a curb. Pete would eay <• Do you mean that you - have used me as a cloak to cover your shame ? When you stood beside me in the church this morning, were you only christening your disgrace with marriage ? Do you ask me to live in this house, side by side with you, and let no one Buspect that we are apart! Then why did you not ask me yesterday I Why do you ask ine to-day when it is too late to choose?" No. she could not contess. If confession had been difficult yesterday, it was a thou sand times more difficult to-day, and it would be a thousand thousand times more difficult to-morrow. Kate caught up the cloak she had thrown aside. She must go away. Anywhere, any where, no matter where. That was the one thing left to her—the only escape from the wild tangle of dread and pain. Pete was in tlie hall ; there must be a way out at the hack ; she would find it. She lowered the lamp, and turned the handle of the door. Then she saw a moving light on the landing, and heard a soft step on the stairs. It was Pete, with a candle, coming up in his stockinged feet. He stopped mid way, as if he heard the click of tlie latch, and then went noiselessly down again. Kate closed the door. She would not go. If she left the house that night she would cover Pete with suspicion and diBgrace. The true secret would never he known ; the real bffender would never suffer; but the fihger of scorn would be raised at the one man who had sheltered and shielded her, and he would die of humiliation and blind self-reproach. She must remain. God Himself had willed it. As for her shame, it was her own secret. God alone knew of it, and He would keep it safe. It was the dark chamber of her heart which God oniy could unlock. He would never unlock it until the day of judgment, and then Philip would be standing by her side, and Bhe would cast it back upon him, and cry, " His, not mine, O God," and the Great Judge ot. all would judge between them. But she began to cry again, like a child in the dark. As she threw off her cloak a second time, her dress crinkled, and she looked down at it and remembered that it was her wedding dress. Then she looked around at the room and remembered that it was her wedding chamber. She remembered how she had dreamt of coming in her bridal dress to her bridal room—proud, afraid, tingling with love, blushing with joy. whisper ing to herself. " This is for me—and this —and this. He has given it, for he loves me and I love him, and he is mine and I am his, and he is my love and my lord, and he is coming to me " There was a gentle knocking at the door. It made her flesh creep. The knock came again.' It went shrieking through and through her. "Kirry," whispered a voice from without. She did not Btir. " It's only Pete." She neither spoke nor moved. There was silence for a moment, and then, half nervously,.half jovially, lialf in laughter, half with emotion, as if the1 heart outside was palpitating, the voice came again, " I'm coming in, darling !" Oh, the pyty.of human .love! Ohrthe tyranny of human custom ! Was her guilt so deep ? Wps .her crime so . black ?. . Wonjei}, haye mercy for woman's sake and for love's, men, bfethink you, our acts are our own,"but their consequences are on the knees of the gods. Whq.t had she done that every man does not do who comes to bis bride from the arms of another woman ? How many men have not done tbat ? God forgive us! Is the answer, None. END OP BOOK THREE. Sin Walter Buller, K.C.M.G., who is returning from England to New Zealand, brings with him, as & present from Lord Onslow to the Agatihina tribe, a Union Jack 24ft by 12ft Accompanying the ting is a letter in English and Maori, which runs as follows'" lluia Onslow iB growing fast, and the years roll by so rapidly that it will seem to yon but a short time when he shall come linck a young man to vieit his native land. May he find those who received him into your tribe in 189L still strong, well, and full of loyalty to the Queen, his godmother! Though I am no longer your Governor, I re joice to think that your affection for the great Queen continues, and that you honour, now as ever, him whom she sends to represent her.' Lady Onslow thanks you for your kind words to her, and remembers her visit to Otaki with feelings of affectionate pleasure. That you maybe assured that I have not forgotten you, I send you a Hag, the Union Jack of England. Let this be hoisted on great occasions over your meeting house. It has written across it the name of yonr tribe and njy son. When you see it you will remember him, and perhaps some day he will come to New Zealand atid see it waving overyonrmeetln'^-houBg.'' 