[?] OopymanT.3 ISSl Strange Narrative of Gen- tral Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, by ...; 1 VAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XXII.— (continued.) "Now that I was getting familiar with their faces I did not have the same repellant or repugnant feelings towards them, When I- sat down they began to converse iii a language which was wen more strange and unfamiliar, to he than themselves. . "It sounded more like the chatter ing of ' Hindoos from .tire Himalayan slopes than anything else I can compare to it. It was not, of course, possible that I should understand the words, but the gestures which accompanied them told me I was the subject of the conversation. " The bearded man motioned me to lie down, and then his companion pro duced what I rightly took to be food. Placing a small portion of it in his mouth he handed me the remainder. It looked like ground- seeds and was contained in a shallow vase of what I „ thought was glass, but which I after wards found was a beautiful flake-rock crystal. The mixture was perfectly white and ground like flour. " I was undoubtedly hungry, and as I ate the food the thought occurred how I could have existed so long — supposing the period was as I believed since .my wound— without food. The quantity given me was very large, but I cat the whole of it and felt very much better. " Prom something resembling a bottle of white glass I took a drink of water, andiftcrwards the tall man gave me a small fragrant of herb, or rather he placed it close to my nose, and as I in haled the scent it had a somnolent ef fect. As I dropped off to sleep my visitors departed. " When I awoke the first man, whom I had seen was standing beside me, and he commenced talking in the same' strange language which I had previously heard. He several times pointed to wards the spot whence he and his com panion used to enter and depart. I gathered from his actions that he was inviting mc to accompany, him, and sitting up on the couch I signified my willingness to do so. \- "I felt perfectly strong now, and was indeed glad ' of a little exercise. ' Lead ing the way like a ghost 1 saw that at the side my visitors entered and de parted there was a small exit. It was so arranged that it could not be no ticed until mostly on it. From this a number of huge steps led downwards. There must have been nearly one hun dred, and when the bottom was reached i an immense space stretched out. ' "A dull light penetrated the place, though how or where it came from I did not at Hhe time know. It seemed to me that we must have gone about four miles through winding passages and vaulted caverns sometimes down wards and as frequently ascending, when almost without warning save for a queer noise I heard we came on the shores of i great subterranean sea. I was utterly astounded at the extraordinary sight. The waters sparkled almost as if the sun were shining on them, and even to my unaccustomed eyes vision was easy for fully a couple of miles around. ''A. low beach ran round the watery expanse and the sands glittered as the slight waves rolled in upon them. As I afterwards saw, the beach was entirely composed of disintegrated granite and the bed of the buried sea was of the -same material. The cup of my as tonishment was, however, filled when I noticed that on the sea were numerous fantastically shaped canoes — or rather boats — like Malay proas, or the canoes used by many of the South Sea islan ders. Some of these had one and others two or three occupants, who were clad in a light-fitting brownish costume." "When we first saw you," exclaimed Stanley, recovering from his surprise, " you were dressed in the same manner, I think !" "Yes," continued O'Majley, " the . , garments you saw on me Weie similar to those I noticed worn by the boatman on the strange" sea, for afterwards I spent most of my time — as befitted one brought up to the sea— on . the subter ranean ocean/ as I called.it. " Hooked in vain , for the opposite shores of the water, but as far as I could see it stretched further still. Walking down on the sands, my guide led the way to the nearest canoe-or rather he accompanied me towards it — for I was eager to know what its occu- / pants were doing on that buried sea.- ' v 7 As wb reached the water I instinctively filled the palm of my hand with the fluid and tasted it. Guess ..my surprise \- to find that it was perfectly fresh."- \- ' : " I can quite understand that. If it werevnot -for1 some vast underground bodies .of fresh water existing ' on the , v cbntinent. how. could we get our; artesian supplies," Mjlls remarked. ."Cr vButJiti hese ; artesian wells; the , waters! rise " without being pumped. How do you account for that?" inno- ; Cehtly.'wked'Stnrilfey./Vi i.;.; ' '4«,'.Becitusd'':irfe8&voir-.; from which it flows is on a' higher level, of course," ; come the'answer-. " But hoyi. ban such a place as O'Mal- ; ley d escribes ; be bn/a/higher level than V: the / surrounding / country ?" persisted V.Stanley.' '''--/V/ . ' 'lit is quite possible," Mills replied/ /?;; 'vThe /place described! may be under- -j" heath a high range— or rather midway . in the mount— or it may .be that such \- ' , ; exists 'on' a slope many, hundreds of " xriilflg away from the central depression of the continent ... If so you can under-/ stand what the fall would be, and ' how a bore sunk at :; the lower level would overflow if it tapped a stream which had its source at the high level further back the slope." - . ' ; "Another proof of these subterranean . fresh-water lakes is the fact that in1 some: of the few artesian wells yet surik:small fish have come ;to ' the surface- of a species never before seen: ( They have been nearly white in colour and almost blind. When exposed to the action of the sun they have changed colour like a chameleon," Strangway added) , . " I have seen that with my oivn eyes," the, , squatter emphatically added. " When I put down the well in the horse paddock at least half-a-dozen such fish came to the surface. They were per fectly blind, so far as we'could see, but that would be accounted for oy the pro bability that the narrow channel from which they travelled from the main re servoir would be quite dark. There are a' couple of them, over there," he continued, pointing to two-dried pisca torial specimens on the mantle- piece. "We had them preserved." "That brings me to a remarkable point in my narrative,- and which I will detail to-morrow, " concluded O'Malley. CHAPTER XXIII. SUnriSRHANEAN FISHERMEN. " Can you' not continue your wonder ful story this morning ?" Squatter Mills asked O'Malley at breakfast. " We are so anxious to hear it that we can scarcely wait until evening," he added, with a laugh. " Yes, do," Mrs. Mills pleaded. ' ." Of course I will ; but our two friends are not here yet," the narrator said. "We will get them in a few mo ments," Mills replied, as he went out of the room for Stanley and Strangway. AVhen lie returned 'with them they found O'Malley examining the fish which had come from the artesian well. "I think," he added, laying them down, "that I. have seen similar fish to these in the- buried sea I spoke about last night. They are trout-shaped, though more elongated, but the ones I saw were not blind. "When, as I told you, I saw the people iii the canoes I was doubly as tonished. First the surprise of seeing over a hundred human beings pale as my guide on the water in boats was al most overwhelming, and would pro bably have been quite so had it not been for previously seeing the two pale beings in my sick chamber, as I may call it. "The next surprise I got was to find these men were — like Peter and James of holy memory — fishermen. As I eagerly watched the boat nearest mc I saw that whilst some of them had nets others used small, reeds like spears, and the place ' seemed to - team with fish. Some were of a reddish-brown colour, but the greater part were white. I signified my desire to see some of them at closer quarters to my guide, and he, making a signal to one of the boats, it came to the glittering strand. The occupants were two men not un like my guide, inasmuch as they were clean shaved; but, as I have already said, their dress was somewhat different. They looked' keenly at me - with their dark pink eyes, but certainly did not evince half as much curiosity at my ap pearance as I did at theirs. They, were almost as phlegmatic and fateful an Hindoo or an American Indian. . " Stepping into the boat, which would have comfortably held half-a-dozen adults, the two men paddled out to the spot they had just left and again re sumed their occupation. "As I looked over the side of the small craft I could see dirtily a fish occasionally swim by, but those in the. boat with keener sight invariably speared them in the most dexterous fashion. Quite a num ber of lish lay in the -bottom of the canoe. None of them were large, though sonie shaped like a salmon trout could not have been less than 18 inches in length.- , "As I became accustomed to the sight I looked upward almost expect ing that I would see the sun's rays streaming down, but that did not meet my vision; . ; I could, however, hot fail to notice that in a hundred directions there was what might be called reflected light, which to some extent illumined the seascape. " I knew sufficient of the rudiments of optics to understand that in the first instance that light must- have come from the sun, but how it was conveyed and distributed was long a mystery to me. Furthermore, I began to realise that the mysterious place I was in was almost as well ventilated as though it were on the surface of the earth. This was another riddle to me. Then how did these fish -obtain their food ? I picked up one from the bottom of the boat and carefully examined it. I found that.it was' in excellent condition, and later on when- 1 partook of some it proved most delicate and palatable,. - . "Not understanding the language of the .subterranean' residents I was, of course, at a great disadvantage, as. I could not make inquiries, but later on it was all made plain. r " Presently I heard a babble of sound about me, and I saw on turning my head that the fishers were all making for the beach or shore. . .Our boat was also pulled in and the two men pro: ceeded to pack the fish into a kind of white rush basket. The scene on the beach at this time was one' of great animation,: as all the occupants of the canoes were gathering tip their spoil and preparing to'depart. I asked my guide in English what it all meant and where they , were going/.but he' only stared blankly at me 'and said : some thing; in his own tongue which was as unintelligible/ to . me as my questions were to him. " As soon as the crowd had departed /--/which they dM in,a'directi6n opposite tothatin.which otis guide Went/after . them.- and' I/fol lowed.- Walking round the beach for mbre than; a! mile a broad passage— or rather high rogd. if it micht be so called r— -was reached, and, we turned ...into it until we came to another space. It seemed to be as large as the sea, which wd had just left, in area, but, unlike the latter, there was no water in it On the contrary I .it once guessed that; it was the site of a town or village, though ; no houses or public buildings in the ' sense we mean were to be seen. /Hun dreds - of screens of various ; sober colours were dotted over the sjjace, and ; in the centre was a large clearing. To this the crowd of fishermen made their' way, and with my guide I followed " In a few! moments after our ai.ival the tall/dignified man with the lengthy beard whom I first saw in the sick cham ber made , his appearance, and I noticed that he tyas treated by all with respect ful reverence,. From out- the screens a large number of people gathered, and amongst' them were women and chil dren. . The latter were quite nude, but the , females were almost- as closely " robed and veiled as the female followers of Mahomet. -This was . another sur prise to me, for it was becoming evi dent that I had fallen in with a race whiter than, the Caucasian yet with Oriental customs. . . " Placing the day's haul of fish . in the square, the bearded man stood in the centre silent, , whilst in . an incredibly short time the whole of the fish was dis tributed amongst the assembled crowd, and apparently on some recognised system. " There was little noise or confusion, , and in less than half-an-hour the fish was distributed and- the crowd; dis persed. Then the chief — for such even then I supposed him to be— came to my guide, and, after a short conversation the latter led mc towards one'of the screens I have mentioned, about two hundred yards aivay. On lifting it" I found that it contained a bed or couch not unlike the one which I had rested on in the sick chamber, and also a curious and beautiful granite ' table. This consisted of an oval slab and it was resting on legs ending in tiger's feet. I could not quite understand where these people could have got the original model from to sculpture these feet from, and as my guide silently left me I sat down on the couch and began to theorisejagain. " In my young days I had read, the adventures of Sinbadhe Sailor and other romances pertaining to the then half- unknown Orient, and actually be gan to imagine that by some means I had been transported out of Central Australia apd dropped in the land of Mahatiqias and Genii. "Strange people, it was currently re ported, lived in the caves of Thibet and in the mountainous gorges of the Southern Himalays, and perhaps a modern Roc or a Blavatsky spirit had seized me from the clutches of the Aus tralian blacks and taken me off;" "Were you not frightened of in jury?" asked Mrs. Mills at this junc ture. 'I cannot honestly say I was. I don't know why 1 should not have been, but I daresay it was on account of the general manner and bearing of the queer people whom I was amongst." " I suppose you were the centre of attraction and curiosity by the women and children in the Billingsgate mar ket?" Mills said, with a laugh. "No; they scarcely took notice of me, and then that was another sign to my mind of the eastern origin of the people If they stared at me they must have done so surreptitiously, for I did not notice them, and their manner was full of decorum. "Of course I am narrating my story just as events happened to me. I could easily anticipate by the light of my sub sequent knowledge, if 1 choose to do so, but it would only spoil the history. "As 1 was thus musing the screen was 'lifted and my guide entered with some beautifully cooked fish. It had been stuffed , with some of the floury materials I had previously eaten; This was mixed with fragrant herbs and the whole then baked. . . " " I could not understand . how this was done, for throughout my rambles I had not noticed the least sign of fire or smoke. I tasted the fish, which I found to be delicious/and as there was a large stone basin of fresh, water in the place I made an excellent meal. . In addition to the fish there were some flat, biscuit-shaped pieces of ground vegetable matter which tasted not un like potato cake. " When I had eaten the meal I again felt the drowsy languor stealing over me, and a few minutes later I was-lying on , the bed asleep. The fragrant'snielling herb I have already spoken of must have been a powerful soporific, for my ' slumbers lasted until next day. . ; "I .was already able to distinguish night from day, ' for the latter though .not dark was much more twilight-like than when the sun was shining, It was not long! in'fact, before I could tell when a cloud passed over the sun, but : at: first I had to learn all these fine points. " My guide, as I will call him, ap- ' peared shortly after I awoke (I daresay he had;been watching /nje)," and- after a breakfast which would have cheered the heart of a vegetarian" he led the way out and I followed. / Passing through the centre of the town— for such it really was— he went on to the southern boundary of the sea. /Turning down a steeply/descending passage for' about two- hundred yards. -we suddenly ernerged info one of the most magnifi cent baths .T/bave; ever seen or .read Of/ ' ' . ' . An putlbt- from the bnried sea or ' lake existed a hundred and Afty yards back and a broad' cascade of foaming ; water came tumbling down Into a great circular basin appaxently "formed of the purest white marble. I thought; at the time , that the basin was a natural for- mation, but I afterwards found it was : hot so— at least to some extent it was, but the marble had been obtained miles away -and - skilfully built into the na tural depression. From the great basin radiated a number , of smaller ones of alf shapes and sizes, arid the whole pre sented a most beautiful appearance, _ / (TO BE CONTINUED.) 