THOU ART THE MAN. A NEW NOVEL. (BY MISS BRADDON.) CHAPTER XX VI.— (Continced. ) " xou nave ueen so gooci to me tnati cannot disobey you," Sibyl answered with a sHi- " \v hat is the name of the hotel where lam to stop?" she asked. " The Lodorc. I thought you would like to be by the lake, and away from the " V es. I gave them no address when I was leaving. I was afraid Dunluce might follow me and interfere in some manner. I must go back to-morrow afternoon, when we have decided what is to be done." 44 Has Mr. Mountford no near relations ? Is he quite alone in the world ?" 14 Quite alone. Pic has no relation nearer than iny uncle, Lord Allandulc, and they are only second cousins, a relationship which does not count for much in a large family like my grandfather's. I was interested in him for another reason over and above re latiorisliip. His father loved my mother— hopelessly — loved her after he was bound to another. His son told me the storv of that sa<i, hopeless love. Oh, Mr. Coverdale, for give nic,'' she said," startled by a stilled sob from the man sitting by her side ; u pray for give mo if 1 have touched upon some .sad Btory of your own— some past experi ence ' " No, no ; it was nothing," he said, hastily. "That kind of story — the idea of .a hopeless love, a hopeless grief, manfully battled with —is always pathetic. You remember War rington's story— a mere episode in 1 Pen- dennis.' It moves one more than all the rest of the book, doesn't it? Ah. here we are at the Lodorc ; and now I shall leave you to get all the rest you can till next morning." The carriage stopped in front of the hotel-; Lady Dunluee's maid alighted, the porter took the luggage, lights shone brightly in the hall within, with all the stir and bustle of an important arrival. Head waiter and head chambermaid were in eager attendance to show the way to her ladyship's rooms. A titled visitor in that dead season of the year was worthy of the utmost homage. 44 1 am staying at the Keswick Hotel," Mr.' Coverdale said, as he bade goodnight, "but I will be with you as early as you like to morrow, with a carriage and a good pair of horses. You had better bring your maid. The journey will be long and tiring, and if wc should have a hopelessly wet day — — " 44 1 am not afraid of bad weather. Would 8 o'clock be too carlv for you to be here ?" "Not too early for me. If I can got the liver v people to be astir early I will be with you at eight. Only I beg that you will try to rest to-night. They have given you rooms looking towards the lake, and 1 hope the Bound of the waterfall will be <Jnly loud enough to serve as a slumbersong." "Do not think of me. You have taken worlds of trouble. I don't know how I shall ever thank you." " Don t thank inc. I have to take much more trouble at the east end for duty's sake. It will be my most cherished memory that you looked to me for help in your anxieties. Goodnight." lie did not even stop to shake hands with her. hut left her with a still bow which seemed curiously at variance with the sup- fir'ssed emotion in the tones of his voice, wont hack to tho carriage through the rain, and she heard him drive away, leaving her with tho long evening before her in a strange hotel. A two-hours' drive in the clear morning nir bruiiuhl Lady Dunluce and her com panion to a solitary farmhouse hidden amongst the hills, a spot more lonely than even St. «J ude's Vicarage: but this rustic homestead, wiili its group of barns and stable-yard in the background, and its little garden, where autumn llowers still lingered, had a more cheerful aspect than the strag gling stone house at St. judo's, with its walled garden and gloomy firs. Brandon Mountford ! Yes, this was Bran don Mountford; this tall, wasted figure; this hollow-eyed countenance, with tho downward, melancholy lines about the inunih, and the nervous contraction of the brow, and the wasted hands that lay in help less inaction on the arms of the chair. Sibyl Dunluce stood gazing at him in awestricken silence, almost as she might have looked upon a ghost. .She could find no words to nay to linn— no words of pity or affection. Speech seemed frozen. Vainly had Mr. Coverdale sought to prepare her for the shock. The anguish of the spectacle was not lessened by anything that lie had told her. The silence lasted for minutes. John Coverdale heard the old clock in the passage ticking .solemnly on, as if it were dealing out a long dav, or a long lifetime, so hopelessly seemed the duration of that agony; the woman standing statue-like, white as marble, the man sitting with eyes that gazed idly out beyond the open window, across the little garden, where the asters and marigolds made a bank of gaudy color to the grey dimness of great rugged hills. The November morning was still and bright, and the air in the shelter of the hills had a summer-like softness. At last, over the blank melancholy of that aged and altered face there crept a slow, vague smile, and Brandon Mountford lifted Ins eves towards Sibyl. 1 f knew tlmt you would come," he said, slowly. 14 1 knew that you would under stand mv message — though I have almost lost the trick of writing." Brandon, you know me, you know inc," she cried, sinking on her knees by his chair, clasping one of those long, wasted hands, deadly cold to her touch. "Know you— yes, of course." " You have been cruelly treated, but that is till over now. All that this world can give of happiness shall be yours. It shall be my care — the object of my life to atone." 'No, no; there has been no cruelty. It vas my doom — the curse laid upon. me. What ould they do but hide me — hide me from iy fellow men — a wretch — a murderer? I 'ivc suffered ; but I have had my dreams — ( cams of that wild country where I was so w.ppy — centuries ago — centuries of weariness id pain. The black faces came bacit 4 ' dreams — tho river — the forest, mw - ive dreamt that you and I were wandering ere — you and i, sitting together by the O.mp fire. I have seen your face in the red %jht, and then the firo has changed to the o of hell, and I have Butlered like a soul l everlaatmg agony. I have suffered for my' J IIIIC. ' In broken sentences, with piteous entreaty, protested against his seli-denunciation. k,It is a dream," she said; "a horrible earn. \ ou had nothing to do with poor lane's deatli — except the misfortune to be ie first to find her. You have been e victim of a cruel conspiracy — a plot to tide away an innocent man in order to prevent suspicion falling oil the real mur derer." He looked at her curiously, as if lapsing into a reverie in which her words hardly reached him — looked at her wonderingly, as if her face were strange to him. And then his eyes wandered away from that earnest. ea»er face to the gaudy autumn flowers and the great grave hills, veiled in thin white Bust. Alas, it was but too evident that the shadows which clouded his reason only cleared away now and again for a brief space, w the autumn haze parted and patches of the hillside showed clear and bright through a rift in tho veil. "It is not wise to talk to him of that dreadful event," said Mr. Coverdale. 44 What tte have to consider is what is best to bo done for him. The doctor will be hero at 12 o clock. You may be glad to hear his opinion from his own lips." Yea: 1 should like to hoar what lie thinks. But ought wo not to have a special ist i Wc might telegraph to Edinburgh." 'There wilt be time for that by and bv "ill you corno into the gardeu with toe- — " What, leave him alone ?'.' . He has been accustomed to sitting alone. II he woman of tho house is within call. I should like to have a quiet talk with you out fonder." bibyl did not nnswer him, scarcely heard him, perhaps. She was looking at Brandon Mountford in agonised contemplation. »> hatever there hud been of intellect or of power in his face a few minutes ago had flushed from it like a light extinguished ochind a transparent picture — leaving the picture dull and meaningless. Weakness, Physical and mental, hopeless despondency, Were all that could be read 'in that face now, R countenance of sickly pallor, every facial fousele relaxed, dull misery expressed in ev,ery languid line. ihis was what solitude and silence, the Blow decay of monotonous years had done lor Bi, union Mountford. If Sybil Dunluce could have looked back Blong that dark line of years — if some magic mirror could have shown her pictures of the P't, what would she have seen? -irst u strong tuun caught in a trap, fight ins with his captors for release into the free air of heaven, then suddenly subjugated and rendered powerless, not by their violence or their persuasion, but by the fell disease which the horrors and agitations of his life had intensified, which set its demoniac grip upon body and brain with a force never felt till then. She would have seen one attack follow ing upon another, with brief intervals of languor and exhaustion, till strength was sapped and intellect weakened — weak ened, but notamiihilatod. Shewouldhavcscen a brave man submissive as a child to a bond which he could have broken, had he so willed — submissive because hopeless and despairing. He was told that lie was a mur derer, that a warrant was out against him, that to escape from that dull prison house, that life of hideous, hopeless monotony, would be to run into the noose of the law — to doom himself, it might he, to the gal lows, or at best to the imprisonment, of a State madhouse, a felon among other felons, , a lunatic among other lunatics. She would have seen him, as his brain- -weakened, and I the power of logical argument, and even of consecutive thought, eraclually diminished— she would have seen lum fooled by the hope of release. He should be got away, later, when the coast was clear — should be got on board a steamer, and drafted away to that dark continent of which lie dreamt so often, where liberty and life were waiting for him, among the dark faces, under the tropical sun. Fooled on from day to day, and month to month, and year to year, with that reiterated " by and by," she would have seen him gradually losing count of days, and months and years, till time was one long blank, and his lite Knew no change save the change from heat to cold, and back to heat again — from sunshine pouring against his open windows to the early darkness of end less winter nights — from the dark, iron blank where the firelight had leapt and sparkled so merrily, to the welcome fire- glow coming back again to fill the dull black void. No changes save the rain whipping the window panes— tiie wind howling over the distant sea, or whistling close at hand in the chimney. There was thunder some times — thunder peals that shook the house, and made him wish that the roof would crack and the walls crumble, and bury him among dust and ruin, and so make an end of this dull blank space and time which scorned to be endless— infinite space — in finite time. He repeated the words some times as if they had been a formula — " Who disputes that either is infinite? I have proved them both," he said ; for not only did time seem endless, immeasurable, but in his frequent periods of hallucination space also seemed without limit, and his weary spirit wandered aghast in worlds that knew neither change nor boundary, neither night nor day — dim grayncss, peopled by silent ghosts — an endless laby rinth, or a wide stretch of barreu sand lead ing to a horizon that/ was always the sarpc, and yet for ever receding. The commonest dreamer in a dream of a minute can invent and people a place unknown to his waking intelligence — But in the diseased brain that dreaming power, increased a hundred fold, becomes a source of unspeakable suffering, a well-spring of horror. And what of his more rational hours ; those longer intervals between one attack and another when there was time for the brain to regain something of its lost equilibrium? Alas, those hours of reason and remembrance were the worst of all, for in those he believed himself Marie Arnold's murderer, recalled the image of the corpse in the wood, brooded over the cruelty of such an end to that bright young life, and the shame and disgrace of the crime — disgrace reilecting upon all who were of his blood, a blot upon a stainless pedigree. " Better that I should rot in this seclu sion," he told himself in ihoso waking hours, 41 than that 1 should go out into the world to set men talking of my crime. Yet if it were possible — if I could get clear of England without scandal — could get back to the Zambezi and my faithful lvallir boys, they would hardly think worse of mc for that story of bloodshed. They would only pity me as the victim of witchcraft." And in such an interval, when his janitor came to liim with the meal which only Mr. Carpew or his wife ever served to the mysterious " boarder," Brandon Mountford would urge the fulfilment of that reiterated promise. Surely the time had come when he might go away. Whatever watch had been kept upon the house must have ceased long' ago. He had lost all count of time, but he knew that it must be long — and he looked down at his clothes, which had been replaced by ready- made garments more than once since he came there, and which yet were threadbare and worn at the edges. He looked at his wasted, almost transparent hands, where the muscles had been so firm aud the flesh so hard and brown, in those old days by the salmon river. Yes, it was long, very long. Suspicion, watchfulness, must have been worn out long ago. Why could he not get away ? The vicar had various excuses. Tho danger was not over. His lodger was a marked man. Any movements in that lonely spot would 'excite curiosity. And then there was the question of money. It would cost a good deal of money to get him out of England — to pay his passage to the Cape. " And you wouldn't like to land there penniless, vicar." Penniless, yes — penniless under those stars. He would not fear. Besides, he had friends in London— friends who would gladly help him — men to whom money was of no accouut — if he could remember their names or where to find them. Ah, there was the agony ! He could not remember. Names, localities, even the faces of the past were lost in vagueness and shadow. Faces haunted hiin— faces ap peared to him — rooms in which he seemed to have lived — gardens whose every tree and shrub seemed familiar— but ho could not distinguish memories from dreams — the things which had been, and were real even to-day, from the things that his fancy invented. | If Sibyl could have known how, through . «.i»o that darkened over miud and I memory, who image had shone out clearly, , unchanged and untorgotton, and that image 1 hers ; if she could have heard his appeal to I his gaoler, repeated day after day, "Let mo see her. lias she had my letter? Have you sent a message) Ellorslie, as you said you would Y" and how, day after day, ho was put off with excuses and postponements. She was abroad — in the south of France — an assertion that had been justified by her actual absence in several winters — but the same story had been told him when she was at Dunluce Castle. To-morrow and to morrow. There hud always been the same promise that his desire should be realised by and by— and ft s the brain weakened he had grown to believe in that; by and by, and to wait and watch tyr her coming. He had written mauy suoji scrawls as the one winch reached her wands— but on that lust occasion he had been fortunate in his messenger, a wretched Jack of all trades who lived in a hovel at St. Jude's, and did odd jobs of work for the farmers. The key had been left in the lock of the garden door for onco in a way, and Brandon, who was allowed to- wane alone in this joyless en closure, haiw opened the door unobserved and gone out into the lano. He had no idea of escape now, having boon told that escape was hopeless— he was too weak and helpless even to contemplate any act requiring prompt decision or sustained exertion. He only wanted to see Sibyl— to find some messenger who would carry his appeal. The garden door opened on the heath, but he could hear the sound of a pick in the road a little way off, and could see a bent figure breaking stones. It was the Jack of all trades doing a spell of parish work, and to him Brandon Mountford entrusted his mes sage— a scrap of paper hastily written upon as he stood on the wind blown road. He entreated the man to find Lady Dun- luce— to put that bit of paper into her hand —her hand, and no other. He offered his watch as payment in advance for this ser vice, but the man would not take it. The rough peasant was touched with awo and pity at sight of that spectral face, and was too honest to accept so valuable a gift. Half witted himself he may have had some in stinctive sympathy with Brandon's clouded mind. He promised that the letter should reach Lady Dunluce whatever trouble it cost him to find her, and lie kept his word with a dogged faithfulness that would have done lienor to the strongest intel- L And thus by the accident of a key left in a lock— bv one act of forgctfulness on Mr. Carpcw's pari— Brandon Mountford had been released from a living grave. (To be continued). 