ON THE TRAIL' OP A GHOST. "DailyjPiiess," Mat 11th. A correspondent calling himself " Simple Simon." who addressed us a few days ago on the subject of a farm near Norwich alleged to he troubled ;by some ghostly visitant,, was: not merely indulg ing- a perverted fancy. ^Ve have taken the trouble to make a few inquiries on our own account, with the result that a state of things has been' disclosed even ; more mystifying - than was indicated by " Simple Simon." If human testimony counts for anything, our correspondent's storv has something like a basis of fact 1' Simple. Simon " fell - into the error, pardonable perhaps in a gentleman with, a vigorous imagination ' and a ready pen, of Investing the case with certain romantic trappings of his own, whereas the cir cumstances unfolded to . a representative of this journal heed no such adornment; they are sufficiently blood-curdling in themselves. "We would not have it sup posed ■ that onr representative' has swallowed unreservedly the tittle-tattle of some terrified farm servants. "We shall content ourselves with a bare statement of the circumstances as they were related to us. The 'incredulous may pooh-pooh them if they please; the believing few may explain them according to their own particular theories of the occult. I am not permitted, says our representative, to disclose the identity of the farm in ques tion, or even the names of the persons concerned- . The story is so rapidly gain in0" currency, however, that reserve on those points will soon be 110 _ longer necessary. The farm lies by the side of a turnpike, at a point not far from. Norwich. Grouped about with substautiul modern farm buildings and fronted by tastefully kept gardens, tlie homestead is a picture of order and prosperity. Pour years ago the house was occupied by a steward, his wife aud two or three members of their family- Then a youug farmer and his wife, both of whom are still ou the youthful ride of thirty-, leased the premises, aud extended and re-arranged them on a liberal and exi>ensive scale.' The doors, sashes, and flooring being substantial aud up-to-date are not oftbe Mud that would, create ghostly ruppiugs 011 their own account-' Nor are the oc cupiers persons who would be likely to evolve sucb troubles ' from their own imagination. They- are people who. enjoy the bodily and nervous vigor of the typical agriculturist, and as their lease has still some years to run they would have no palpable excuse. for inventing a ghost- Two or three months after their occupation had begun some unexpl tinable sounds were heard. Sometiuies there were noises as if the furniture were being moved about, a sound as of some one banging on the stairs would he noticed, and. the doors would shim aud clatter iu a fashion that the wind eould hardly- explain* All this was to be borne without much Uifficulty by a full-blooded young farmer, whose nerves bad never before been shaken by psychical perplexities. But the matter assumed a more acute phase when the servants refused to stay, and when several of them came forward with apparent °ood faith and unmistakable distress of mind to complain of a mysterious figure that was wont to frequent the stairways aud the sleeping apartments. The most remarkable feature of the case is that the evidence is singularly corroborative. There are about half-a- dozen persons who solemnly affirm, not merely- that other people have seen the mysterious visitant, but that they have themselves^ seen it. There is at present living at the farm a stout-hearted, capable-looking woman, who is nurse to the three children of her employer, and who has refused so far to -yield to her fears and fly. She seems to be a person of honesty and inteliigcncc. She has no romantic tendencies ; she is not addicted to the X'Cnny novelette. She assures me that hearing a noise one night at the top of the main staircase, she opened her bedroom door and looked out. A lamp standing on her dressing table cast a faint light along the corridor, and she was thus able to see some strangely clad figure crossing the corridor, ap parently on its way- to one. of the back bedrooms. It had tlie form of a man, she thinks. It seemed to wear a white robe or night-dress, aud there.was something white upon its head. On various occasions the ghost—so perhaps I may call it for convenience sake—lias been seen on the corridors aud -the stairs, hut the niost painful experience of all seems to have fallen to a sen-ant who lias since thrown upber situation and left the.bouse. .She was sent by her mistress to sit with one of the children in the best bedroom, and see liim safely off to sleep. As she watched : by the bedside in the dark a strange I figure, enveloped in a soft light,- suddenly appeared before her. She describes it as a man of average height with dark eyes; aud it was clad in white or greyish ' "ariuents. The figure stood gazing at her for a tiaie, aud: then disappeared. On reading a story of this sort the im pulse of most people will be to cry out with impatience that the testimony of a few sen-ant girls should he so gravely recorded. But here comes corroboration from another and a loss doubtful source. The occupier of the farm has three chil dren, the two elder being boys of three and four y-ears of age respcctivcly,-from whom, it ueed liardly. be said, every care lias bccu taken to withhold the story of the ghost. Tlie youuger child has lately been heard to inquire who was the tall old lady with a white thing on lier head who came to his cot at nightand stretched a hand out towards his face- -So recently as last Tuesday week he made a com plaint of this Mud. His four-year old brother bus also had soiiic uncanny ex periences in the night. • Oil one occasion, wearing liis little dressing gown and carrying his socks and shoes in liis hand, he ran excitedly out of his bedroom into the nursery, crying out; that ' " Old Fadaunv " was after him. - Iris descrip tion of ''Old Fadaiiny" fcfllied in the main with that of, the other people, who profess to . have seen the gliost. The theory that some reckless practical joker lias been playing pranks is somewhat discounted by the fact that long before the present occupier went to reside at the farm inexplicable sounds were heard, and there were those who complained of some unknown and mysterious visitor. A girl of weak intellect who' lived in the house at the time when the steward occupied it used frequently to, ask who was the person who came and gazed into.her face at night, and. extended a : hand tdiviirds her with a curious clawing movement. At the same time there lived iif the house woman who is now the wife of the cowherd employed upon; the farm; ,'a'ud; she also has hud one or two strange ek-s periences. I took the opportunity -fof, c;tiling at.the cowherd's house, and there can be 110 doubt, if the testimony of * the woman is at all' "trustworthy,^ that .the - place' lay under "a clondl of evil reputation years, before it became^ a farm-house. The present occupicrahd lug wife have themselves seen nothing of-an unaccountable sort, and.probably, they would put hp with the curious noises, inflicted upon them if only they could in duce the servants to stay. - So serious was their difficulty in this respect--thai a week or two "ago tlicy were driven to im port a couple- of girls : from: a. "distant part of the county. One of the girls slept alonei ou the flrst ' night"' of -lier arrival, and was troubled witli,:nothiiig On the,next night she was joined'by, her fellow servant, and .they, slept, - together. On the '.following, morning ;-tliey-,eaine down very late.: Being called to 'account for their negligence they complained that they could get 110 sleep till half-past four in the morning by reason of having been troubled with the banging o| things in their room. At times sounds proceeded from the washliouse beneath as of a horse stamping about, and once the apartment. was tilled willi^jspme curious light, though there w;is 110 illumiuaut in the room. Whatever maybe the expla nation of all these- things,1 it will be- -ad mitted that life has assumed some vefy unpleasant aspects at the farm in ques tion. The repeated noises, the alarm and the desertion of the servants, have un steadied the nerves of everyone in the household. One of the servants has been so thoroughly upset that she has been ordered away from the place by a doctor. The most prompt and vigorous efforts of die: farmer to discover / the, perpetrator of these outrages have been so far with out avail. On hearing the noises at night the farmer has dashed out of his room revolver in hand, but there has been no one.to shoot,, and the noises - have in stantly ceased, or" receded to some dis tant part of the house. A gentleman who resides in the village, and who has for years been a student of . spiritualism and--occult-" things, has tukeu'-immense interest in the subject, and be, in com pany with the farmer and one or two others, has been sitting up niglit after night in tbe bope of solving the mystery. On one of these occasions, as I learned from the lips of the spiritualist himself, a ser vant had swooned in her room on ac count of something or other she had seen or heard, and the spiritualist took up a position at the foot of the main staircase while the farmer watched the hack staircase. A tremendous baug _ was then heard,, suchras/might have been caused with a stout oak stick, 'and the spiritualist, instantly hounding up the stairs, was positive no human agency could have caused the manifestation. No one was visible, the servants' doors were closed. Matters have' already reached such a point that a remedy must be found, or the tenant is sadly afraid that,: 110 matter what the cost, lie will have to abandon "the advantages of - a. well ap pointed and most desirable holding. The spiritualist wants the farmer ,to employ the services of a professional medium from London. A ghostly " intelligence,"; lie says,'is haunting'the house, and the evil will not bo overcome till someone lias' succeeded in getting into communication with tliis "intelligence." That, how-': ever, is an opinion for which I accept no' responsibility. Lest it should be thought that tbe spiritualist himself has been up; to a few Maskelyue and Cooke experi ments, let me say in justice to that gentleman that the trouble began before be visited tbe bouse, and that lie was only called in with a view to a solution of tlie difficulty. I bt.-licve that steps are being taken to bring tlie matter under tbe notice of tbe Society for; Psychical Pesearch-.in the bope that they may undertake an investigation of the case. I may here express my indebted ness to a well-know Norwich gentleman, one who has held high civic office in.the city, ami who' stands iii the relation of father to the tenant of the farm, liy his courtesy I have been enabled to visit tlie farm and examine the servants. Should be consent to tbe names of persons and places being disclosed, tbe subject may come in for further notice in these columns. . 