BMILEB. A aunuDLE-AGED person ie one between the ages of 25 and 75, according to the age of the person who makes the designation. Almost any friend will stand by you to the last sbilling; but it must be your shilling. The great trouble with men who borrow from Peter to pay Paul is that they don't pay Paul. Kind Party: 'Why are you crying like that, my little boy ? ' Little Boy : ' 'Cause it's the oaly way I know how.' A word to the wise is generally sufficient to get the adviser into trouble. A young girl can stand up straight and still be bent on mirriege. The man who is scared at ghosts is afraid of nothing. 'Nothing succeeds like distress,' remarked the beggar as he counted his coin at the end of the day. ' Say, pa,' aeked Freddy, ' why is it that when you or Uncle George tell a story you always get laughed at, and when I tell one I got a lickin' ?' First Stranger: 'Excuse me, sir, but I ,"rice that you are looking at me closely. Is there anything about me that is familia' ?' Second Ditto: ' Yes, there is, my umbrella.' Mr. Film: ' What is there about these long-haired musicians that attracts you women?' Mrs. Grim: ' Just think how easy a long-haired man is to manage.' Proprietor: ' How much will you charge me for painting up that fence?' Painter: " 13 dollars, sir,' Proprietor: 'Isn't that prettysteep?' Painter: ' No, sir, not at all; 10 dollars for painting the fence three coats, and 3 dollars more for going over it after wards and touching up the spots where people put their fingers on to see if the paint was fresh.' Mike (on the road) : 'How fur is it to Chistnut Hill, sir ?' Native : ' About five miles. Whom do you want to see there?' Mike: 'Faith, I'm anxious to see mesel' there befour night.' Teachers: ' Who was the first man ?' First boy: 'George Washington.' "Teacher: ' Next.' Second boy : ' Adam.' First boy (indignantly) : 'I didn't know yea meant foreigners.' Visitor: ' But hang it all, man!-I only want one or two for my breakfast.'- Fisher man; 'As I told 'e afore, we ain't allowed to sell.none. All we catch is for London. (Pause.) You can steal one or two if you like !' Tommy (in tears): 'Ma! Fred Tibbins busted my new hat!' Tommy's mother : ' The naughty boy ! What made him do it ? Did you do anything to him?' Tommy: 'No'm; nothin'. I was just jabbin' my hat at his head fur fun an' he didn' dodge!' He : ' Do you believe in curing by the lay ing on of hands ?' She (a mother) : ' Yes, in the case of children.' Longshot: 'Do you consider horseshoes an emblem of luck ?' Placer : ' Yes, when they are on the winning horse.' By a provision of Providence, ' actions speak louder than words,' and so a man is able to hold his own with woman. A pen may be driven, but a pencil does better when it is lead. Only a tangle of twisted wire, Only a busted pueumatie tyre, Only a header in deep black mire, Only a short, sharp nail. Only a suit of clothes all torn, Only a lump on the head next morn, While two black eyes the face adorn, Only a wheel for sale. Monahan: 'Phwat's the throuble ye've been in, Horgan ?' Horgan: ' Oi war at Dempsey's weddin'.' Monahan: '~ an' ye had a ruction there, Oi suppose?' Horgaun: ' Faith we had ! They tould me Casey was the bist man; an', av course, that was more than O cud shtand-but he was !' A professor, in explaining to a class of young ladies the theory according to which the body is intirely renewed every seven years, said: ' Thus, Miss B , in seven years you will no longer bh Miss B.' ' I really hope I shan't,' demurely responded the girl, modestly casting down her eyes. O'Roucke: 'Teddy, me boy, Oi want to propose to Norah Shaughnossy, but Oi'm that bashful Oi don't know how to do it !' Gilligan : ' Mebbe if you were to send her an a.snymous letther 'twould do.' As the visitor was going through a manu facturing establishment he noticed one very careless-looking workman shambling along with a wheelbarro'v. ' Is that a sample of your men?' he asked of the manager. Hardly; that's one of our didn't-know-it was-loaded gun men.' ' And what kind is that, pray ?' ' Liable to go off at any time. See ?' A nowspaper writer says that women dread the hous-cleanig season. And that is all he knows about it. Why, women look for ward with joyful eagerness to the spring house- oleaning, and when the time at last comes round they display the despot that is in them relentlessly, and the worse they look during the pendeney of the fit and the more miserable they make the homs and its lord and master the better they are pleased. Oh, no; it will never do to allow women to vote. Who knows but, with the suffrage iin her possession, she might not make the spring house-cleaning last all the year round? The erection of a Shakespeare monument ic Chicago recalls the story of an effort to commemorate Shakespeare in America. One of the most picturesque of the rugged mil lionarics of the Far West is Mr. Tabor, for merly senator for Colorado. He made his ' pile ' in prospeoting for silver, and, wishful to do something for his native state, he erected a fine theatre at Denver. When it was nearly finished he found a man painting a portrait for the drop-scene. 'Who's that ?' he in quhed. 'That's Shakespeare.' 'Shakes pears ? Don't know him. Who was ho ?' ' He wrote plays.' 'What did he do for D.nver.?' 'Nothihg; he could not have heard of it.' ' What have you got him there for,.then? Paint him out, and put in me!' The man did, and so it remains to this.day. A well-known law-lord who has a country place amongst the Western Gaols is reported to tell the following aneedote against himself. Two countrymen were discussing his recent elevation, and one remarked to the other, 'I'm tould that sines he has been made a ia-lard, they give him a thousand a year.' ' A thousand l' replied the other contemptu ously• 'Sure 'tis five thousand he gets !' 'Man alive!' rejoined the first, 'and to think that i've seen him pass my door every-day this three weeks, and never so much as th," sign of a drop of liquor on him!' Mr. Barker is mute as a fish in the sea; Mr. Miles never goes on a journey*; Mr. Gotobed sits up to half after three; Mr Makepeace was bred an attorney, Mr. Gardener can't tell a flower from a root; Mr. Wild is as tame as a hack; Mr. Rider performs all his journeys on.foot, Mr. Foote on a roan horso's back. Mr. Hayseed: ' Marior, I've made up my isind ter send our boy to the city writing school to learn how to write.' Mrs. Hay seed : ' He writes a good hand.' ' Yes, Marior, but ho's too slow for these times. The city's the place to learn things, Marier, no matter what. They write like greased lightnin' there. Why, Marier, while I was in the city I saw a man write a two-page love letter in seventeen seednds by the watch. Ho was a regular city feller, too-I could tell by his clothes. Why, Marier, when the girl that letter was writ to got it, it took her 'most five minutes to read it. I timed her, too.' ' Lova letter-girl reading it ! Why, where and how on 'arth did you see a letter written, and then-' 'Oh,- it's all so, Marier. I saw it in a theatre.' 