CHAPTER XXXI. New Plans. Meantime Mr. Sedgewick,- Mr. Elliott and Jackson had returned to the lawyer's residence. The two slipped in unnoticed, and then Jack son drove up noisily, and, as per ar rangement, to the stable, where a groom, who slept in the yard,^ roused himself and took the horse. . Jackson thanked him heartily, giv ing him half a crown, and promis ing an extra drive in the morning. fie then joiued the lawyer and his master, who sat in Mr. Elliott's snug gery with a bottle of wine. Both were exhausted with excite ment and fatigue. , - ' Tis rather a bad job,'' said the lawyer, gravely.' Frightened as your mother was at first, she is too strong minded to believe in ghoste. Besides, you have the key, which I should keep. The door shut itself , but it is dear can only be opened with this magic ' Sesame.' ' . ' I will keep it, and tbe day may come when I shall use it as master,' he replied. ' Meanwhile,' continued the law yer, still more gravely, ?''? we must be on our guard. I will see that the gates are fastened and kept shut. I should not wonder if your. lady mother sent us some visitors in the naorning.' ' What mean you ?''asked . Mr. Sedgewick. '. ' She'is very cunning, and will put that and that . together. She knows that I prepared the deed, that I was in her husband's confidence, and she will guess I have sought to befriend my godson.' . V Mis yon nave nooiy, nc answer ed- / ? ? ? . ?',??? ' This will give her a club, and rely upon it she will suspect my connivance. We must, therefore, be prepared for visitors, probably a search warrant. Now the question is, will you start at daybreak or wait and see ?' . '' I shall act wholly on your advice!' replied the young man, gravely. 'Then you shall remain,' said the lawyer, 'until you are completely rested. Don't be the least uneasy. I will see that no strange visitor enters without good warning. My lodge keeper is no fool. I can trust him. If any strangers come he will ring a bell that will put us on our guard.'' ' What then ?' asked Mr. Sedge wick. ??????-. 'At the back of my house is a river, on this river is a boat, which willtake you to Laun- bridge, and hence you can get to London by a roundabout way, and not stir vout until I come to you.1' ' We give you great trouble,' sigh ed the young man. ' No trouble at all. It gives me a new lease of life,' cried the lawyer, heartily. ' I should have got rusty else. And now one more night cap to make you sleepi and then to bed — to bed.' ' . Mr. Sedgewick made no reply, but accepted his offer, and, fortunately for him, was soon in a deep slumber. It was late when he rose, and he and Mr. Elliott had just finished their breakfast when the warning bell rang. Jackson, who had been on the look out, entered hurriedly 'A detective with several con stables, sir, at the gate !' he cried. ' They are hammering away at a great rate. 'Go!' said Mr. Elliott. All had been. arranged, so that the two merely put on their outer coats and hats, and taking up their valises, slipped out to the garden, opened the gate, and there, sure enough, was a small but comfortable boat, which was soon skimming down the river at a very rapid rate. Meanwhile, the detective ana ins posse of constables had been admitted after considerable delay, at which he chafed considerably. ' Let a man go to every exit,' he said angrily. ' Let none pass !J- ' Who gives orders at my house ?'. cried Mr. Elliott, entering in dressing gown and slippers. ' What- does this insolence mean ?', '? ' Sir,'' said the detective, more re spectfully, ' I have here a search warrant signed by two magistrates. You are on sworn affidavit accused of harbouring an escaped criminal, a man who, in addition to forgery and other enormities, is accused of having tried to commit a burglary !' ' Sir ! I accused for harbouring a criminal!' exclaimed Mr. Elliott. ' I, a magistrate and a lawyer !' ' As such you will know, sir, that I must do myuuty,' continued the detective. ' Certainly— certainly,' said the lawyer, addressing his butler. ' Shjw this gentleman everytning from the garret to the celler. Let him even examine the maids' rooms. ^Perhaps hd may find something there.' The servants exchanged glances. Upon all seemed to fall *,tho ;same suspicion in relation to Mr. Sedgewick and Jackson. It was mysterious. Still it was none of their business. They bad an excellent and good mas ter who knew what he was about, and they were one an all determined in no way to betray his secrets. The detective caught the look of the ' servants, and determined that they knew or suspected something. He decided to make athorough search. He did so, entered every room, and ex amined every cupboard and closet, hole and corner. As he descended the staircase he turned to the butler. ' Master had any visitors lately P' he asked, with assumed carelessness. ' Yes,' drawled the butler. ' Two went away this morning !' ' Who. were they ?' asked the de tective, furiously. ' Why didn't you say so before?'' . f # ' None of my business,' continued the butler. 'As to who they were, I didh't asked their names. Gentleman and his servant to stop a day or two —that was all that was said, and I axed no questions. Servant^ very nice, easy going chf-p I'1 '{Which way^did they go ?'' grow led^the other. ? ? ,.\ ' I don't know— can't say—and if I Could would't,' calmly responded the : ' You are aiding and abetting criminals to escape,' said the detect ive. . N ' ' Don't know nothing about no criminals,' responed the butler. G en tleman to see master — that is all I know!'\ They were on a large landing now, an the oiheer had come reluctantly to thfe conclusion that further searoh was useless. Then his eye caught sight of the river, and his cheeks 'flushed. ? ? He rushed down, drew one of the local constables on one side, and ask ed him a question. The answer seemed to satisfy him, for he turned to his men. 'Mount,' he said, triumphantly' ' we will have them yet. They are escaping by the river !' ' Miserable sinner that I am,!'' muttered Mr. Elliott ; ' but it shall not be. Saddle Brownie,' he added^ aloud, ' and lead him to me at once nvpi- +.1ib Tiridorfi !' / (To, be continued.) 