BPORTING NOTES. A meeting of the Elliminyt Football Club was held on Friday last. There wasv a good attendance of members. The meet ing was called for the purpose of deciding whether it was advisable or otherwise to play for the trophy offered by Mr Davi son. After some discussion the following resolution was carried :-1" That on account of the lateness of the season the Elliminyt club do not think it advisable to play for the trophy, but are prepared to play a test match with the Imperial club in aid of the Colac Hospital." nhe iast match but one for the Ciarke trophy and the district premiership will be played between the Imperial and Beeac cluba on the ground of the latter Thursday next, A really good game may be looked forward to. The Imperial representatives ure requested toassemble at Bell and Kirk's stables at half- past one o'clock. Beeac will be selected from-Bevan (3), M'Larea, Hreen, Basham, Missen, Ttchell, Gaylard, Rown, Egan (2), Donegan, Whitson, Darey, Meehan, Judd (3), Connor, Wilson, Mahoo; Gainger, Woods and Edwards. The Im perial will be chosen from-Embrey, Cahir, )avison, M'Callum, Lucas, Reeves, Leak, linds, Calvert, Long, O'Dowd, Robb, Kcemp, Bowley (2), Roach, Batchelor, M'Leod, Healy, Stirling, Gaylard and Mlurray. A football match will be played next ihursday in the agricultural show ground between the Ellimiuyt club and 25 juniors. 1'tle following will represent Elliminyt: lames (3), elearn, Sansou, Neylon, Begley, Moloney, Sisymaker, M'Auley, Bradley, Iamford, Clarke, Ball, Bell, Crowe, Gallop, Sharrow, Hennessy, Flanigan, Fit zmaurice, WVindsor, Gaylard, .M'Leod, Lynes and Christie. The protest entered by the Corunnun earnm aainst the recent match counting in avor of the Imperials owing to a dispute over a goal has been withdrawn This therefore, proclaims the Imperials winners of the cup, as even though they may be beaten on 'Thursday they cannot lose the tr'anlh it is understood that the trophy offered by Mr M. Davison will be competed for by the Corunnun and Imperial clubs. The Imperials state that they could not enter tain the proposition of the Elliminyt club, as the state of their finances would not warrant them playing for the Hospital. Essendon set the seal on their brilliant season on Saturday aternoon by defeating Melbourne by 10 goals 6 behinds to 3 goals 3 behinds, This gives them a lead of 14 points, so that they may be adjudged the premiers. Twenty thousand spectators witnessed the game. During the first half the contest was fairly even, but on the latter portion Melbourne were clean out of it, not having a "ghost of a show." It is not easy to account for Melbourne's defeat after their previous excellent record. The other metropolitan matches resulted as follows:-Col!ingwood, 5 goals 3 behinds. North Melbourne, *4 goals 11 behinds. Pott Melbourne, G goals; Richmond, 3 goals 8 behinds. Geelong, 8 goals 10 behinds; Fitzroy, 4 behinds. Williamstown, 7 goals 5 behinds; Footctray, G goals 6 behinds. It is supposed that Corangamite's leg was broken through the horse standing off too far and getting his leg between the top and second rails of the fence. The rails are so close together that an accident of this kind seems almost impossible. Mr Allan, who gathered up the fragments of the poor brute's chattered leg, says it was the worst fracture-or series of fractures-he has ever experienced. 'The owner of Writer, the horse Corrigan rode on Saturday, is, it seems, Mr J. Cohen, the bookmaker. Under the ciscumntances, it is only natural that Mr Cohen should feel the death of Corrigan very acutely. His sorrow for what has occurred has taken a very practical turn, as he intends to give £100 to the Corrianu fund, and also make Mrs Corrigan a present of the horses which her husband was training for him. James Hayes made another application to the V.t.C, for his jockey's license this week, but his request was refused. Mr W. , Carter tells his constituents: "I have seen the tears stream down the Premier's cheeks in sympathy with another's trouble." "He gave to misery all he had, a tear." 