A WORD TO THE LIBERAL ELECTORS OF ESSENDON AND FLEMINGTON. to this kditor of thk agr. Sir, — I would like in as few words as possible to eny a word or two to the Liberal electors in this constituency. In the present contest wo ! aro placed in a most critical and dangerous pocition. Unfortunately our enemies, the Con servative, have at last been successful in snlit- ting the Liberal interest, and have seourod a candidate who, although (as self confessed) he is no politician, yet is a determined onemy to the Liberal cause, and is acknowledged to be a "jolly fellow and a good citzen." The first qualification will enBuro for hiin the solid Conservative vote, which in this electorate is very large ; the second will receive tho votes of many " wishy- washy " Liberals who take little intercut in politics, and who have not got the welfare of the country at heart. Consequently we, the Liberals, must stand shoulder to shoulder, and vote as ono man. To do this wo must first decide which of the Liberal candidates will command the greatest following. I think there should be no difficulty in this respect, for no doubt Mr. Deakin is by far the stronger man. But the fact remains that if Mr. Morris polls but 500 votes Mr. M'Cracken mu.st surely win. Working men, do not be deluded; do not play iuto tho hands of your enemy, but be truo to your own interest and principles. Remember there are over 4500 votes on tho roll, of which we can fairly say that nearly 2000 are on the M'Cracken aide of politics. At a very low esti mate we must believe that at least two-thirds of these will be reoorded in his favor, besides many votes given for. friendship's sake, nnd various other reasons. Don't forget that Mr. Morris has not the ghost of a chance, and overy voto reoorded in his favor will strengthen the position of Mr. M'Cracken atul the Pattoraon Government. To bo successful in overthrowing nnd defeat ing this Conservative Attack every Liberal vote must be oast in Mr. Deakiu's favor. For the sake of your homes, your wives and childreu, for the sake of the great Liberal cause, put all personal fcolings to ouo side, take a lesson from your political enemies and vote as one mam Put your foot down on froe-trade, on Mr. M'Cmcken and on the Pat terson Government, and you will shortly be again blessed with prosperity and happinens.— Yours, kc.t TRUE LIBERAL. 15th September. 