Short Story. THE CROSS-ROADS GHOST. Many superstitions still linger in certain parts of Georgia among the simpler, less enlightened class of people, but it was far worse before the war. Then the country was filled with haunted graveyards, haunted houses, and other favorite resorts for ghosts, where they were supposed to prowl at any hour between sunset and sunrise. At the Cross-Roads in Pea-Ridge settle- ment was one of those haunted graveyards. To be sure, no one could say positively that he had ever seen anything there more ghostly than a white sheep, or a cow browsing placidly among the grass-grown mounds, but the place was avoided by white and black. It was an old graveyard, with a deserted church standing in its midst, a church mouldy and weather-beaten, with doors ready to fall from their rusty hinges, and gaping shutter- less windows. No religions services were ever held in it, at the date of this story, and it afforded shelter for stray sheep and was a roosting place for bats and owls. The Mor- gans lived just up the road from it, but the Morgan negroes were as shy of the place as those further away. Miss Sary Ann Morgan was the terror not only of her own household,—or rather her brother's household,—but of the entire settlement. She ruled her easy- going bro- ther, her meekspirited sister Miss Caroline, and the negroes, and it was a sore trial to her that she could not fully subdue Clem her brother's daughter. But the girl had spirit of her own, and it was a constant struggle between them who should come off victorious, when their wills clashed. Work was the watchword of Miss Sary Ann's life, and the hum of spinning-wheels and the clack of looms could be heard on the plantation from daylight until dark, while few holidays were granted. It was a source of regret to Miss Sary Ann that she could not oversee the work of the field-hands as well as the household servants. The negroes feared and disliked her, for she could not only scold but punish them. Clem loved her gentle aunt Caroline, but Miss Sary Ann she regarded simply as a taskmistress. Miss Sary determined that the girl should have proper training, though it proved one of the hardest tasks of her life,— Clem had such saucy wilful ways, such a knack for avoiding the unlovely duties put upon her. She was taught to spin, to weave, to sew, and to cook, and her tasks set just the same as the negroes. Miss Sary Ann protested bitterly against the foolishness of sending Clem away to school. ' Mind my words, Jeff Morgan, you'll be sorry for it when she comes back so stuck up an' lazy there'll not be any livin' in the house with her. The winter schoolin' is good enough for most o' the neighbors' children, an' I don't see why it ain't for Clementine. Girls ain't no business with much book-learnin',' she said. ' The winter schoolin' is all right as far as it goes, Sary Ann, but because I ain't got much education is no reason for not givin' Clem some. She's got a better chance than I had in my raisin',' said Jeff, drawing the tall, bright- faced girl to his side. ' But haven't you got along just as well in the world ?' demanded his sister, severely. ' Maybe so ; but as I haven't tried the other way, I don't know,' with a touch of whimsical humor. You'll have to give in this time, Sary Ann. I ain't interfered much with your trainin' o' Clem, but I want to take a hand in it now.' So Clem went away one day, and Miss Caroline wiped her eyes furtively on the corner of her apron, for fear her sister might see her foolishly weeping, and the negroes were disconsolate. Education in the South was a much simpler thing in those days than it is now, and in the year the finishing touches to the ' winter schoolin' ' had been completed and Clem Morgan returned home. She was the same bright, fearless creature that she had ever been, and yet changes had been brought by that brief contact with the world through a boarding-school. Her manners had caught a daintier polish, she had learned certain little conceits of dress, and knew in an inno- cent charming way how to make the most of her youth and good looks. She could em- broider, she could dance with exquisite grace, and I must say that those accomplishments were more admired by her neighbors than her knowledge of books. She wore her full flowing skirts long and put up her brown hair in a cascade of curls, with a few soft be- witching little ringlets drawn down over her temples. ' I knew she'd be spiled,' said Sary Ann, eying her ribbons and pretty flower- trimmed bonnets with stern disapproval. But no one else in the household found fault with her. ' Ain't she smart, Ca'line ?' said Jeff Mor- gan, rubbing his hands together with a chuckle of delight. ' Nobody would think she belonged to us,' that humble-minded, loving spinster re- plied. Clem was a sensible, lovable girl, or she might have been spoiled by the admiration she received, though she herself declared that it would be impossible as long as she lived with Sary Ann. Clem's admirers were not confined to the members of her family. Suitors appeared, and then the smooth cur- rents of her life became very stormy. For out of all the beaux who came a-wooing Jeff Morgan's daughter, she set her heart on John Grissom, Miss Sary's special aver- sion. He was good-looking, intelligent, and the admiration of the country for his athletic strength and his fine courage. In a wrestle or hand to-hand fight he could not be con- quered by any champion who had ever entered Pea Ridge settlement. ' He's lazy an' triflin' an' without a spark o' religion in his whole body,' said Miss Sary Ann, setting her lips firmly together. ' He needn't think o' comin' round here spar- kin'.' ' But he's not obliged to work, Sary Ann,' remonstrated her brother, mildly. ' His father owns more niggers than any other man in the settlement.' ' What o' that ? Must we wait tel we are forced to work ? It's a lazy man that'll do it. Because his pa is rich ain't no excuse for him to be always gallopin' over the settle- ment with a pack o' hounds at his heels, a-huntin'. Clementine needen't be thinkin' o' John Grrissom, I tell you.' But Clementine did of think of him a great deal, and permitted him to ride home from ' meetin' ' with her, recieving Miss Sary Ann's angry scolding in anything but a meek spirit. Words ran high, Miss Sary Ann forbade such a thing occurring again, and Clem passionately declared that if John could not come, no one else should. ' As if I care !' said her aunt, scornfully. ' It ain't them that marries that is happiest.' And Clem fled to Miss Caroline, weeping stormily. But the struggle ended in apparent tri- umph for Miss Sary Ann. Jeff Morgan had not the courage to stand up against her temper and shrewish tongue. He had sub- mitted to her tyrannical will too long to throw off the yoke, and persuaded himself that Clem would soon overcome the fancy. He liked John Grissom, he secretly admired him for his superb strength and fearlessness, but if Sary Ann said that it was godlessness, he did contradict her. So Clem went about the house with heavy eyes and a rebellious curve in her lips. Miss Sary Ann kept such a close watch over her that even chance meetings with her lover were not very satisfactory. She sat in the dining-room one afternoon, ' piecin' quilts' and indulging in some bitter thoughts, when— ' Hist ! Miss Clem, Miss Clem, yo' in dar ?' came in a shrill whisper from the window by the chimney-corner, and a woolly head and a very black face appeared above the window sill. Clem looked up listlessly from the work. ' What do you want, Dave ?' ' Mars' John sent yo' dis,' holding up a folded paper. The girl scattered her quilt-pieces right and left, the color flying to her face. ' Where did you see Dave ?' ' Down in de big road.' The note was but a line hastily scrawled on a slip of paper, but Clem's heart beat quickly as she read : ' Meet me at the Cross-Roads church to-night, Clem, my dearest. I must see you.' ' Clementine !' Dave's head vanished from the window, and his young mistress barely had time to thrust the note into her work-basket before Miss Sary Ann entered the room. ' Why don't you bring in that piece o' cloth bleachin' on the grass in the back yard ? It does seem to me, Clementine, that you get more and more neglectful every day o' your life, an' ——' ' I will bring in the cloth this instant, Aunt Sary,' said the girl eagerly, and in her haste to escape, she upset the basket. She hurriedly gathered up the work, but, alas, not the innooent little note, and she had just disappeared from the room when her aunt's sharp eyes fell on it. She picked it up and read it. ' Aha ! that is what they are up to, is it ? meetin' at the Cross-Roads,' she muttered, grimly, her eyes scintillating, her gray hair fairly standing on end with indignation. ' Whats the matter, Sary Ann ?' in- quired Miss Caroline, entering the room rather timidly, but Miss Sary Ann paid no heed to her. ' They're bound to have their own way, are they ? Well, we'll see. If talkin' an' scoldin' won't do, then I'll try some other way o'teachin' them they can't go ag'in' me.' ' What ails you ?' her sister again inquired, curiosity overcoming prudence. ' Read that, an' you'll see,' she said, fling- ing the note to her. ' Dear ! dear !' ejaculated Miss Caroline, and sat down, trembling, not with anger, but in fear of the punishment laid up for luckless Clem. She remembered certain tender passages in her own youth, and secretly sympathized with the young people. ' You'll not be hard on her, Sary Ann ?' she said, entreatingly. ' I'm determined they shan't marry, if I have to lock her up. It's a case for severe measures, Ca'line, an' I'll try skeerin' her out of the foolishness.' ' La !' gasped Miss Caroline. ' Yes. I'm goin' to play the graveyard ghost to-night when she passes by, an' I don't think she'll want to see John Grissom again, certainly not at the Cross-Roads. The idee o' them 'pintin' a meetin' right under my nose, as it were ! I'll show 'em what I can do. If I don't skeer the life out o' 'em !' Timid, superstitious Miss Caroline shivered and cast an involuntary glance behind her. ' But won't you be afraid ?' Miss Sary Ann sniffed contemptuously. ' Afraid ? No. Don't be a plum fool, Ca'line.' ' But you know that place is really ha'nted. It hasn't been long since Andy, comin' from his wife's house, was mighty near skeered to death passin' there. What if you was to see somethin' ?' ' I'm not a coward, afraid o' my own shadder. But don't you tell Clementine any thing about this, or I'll——' She did not finish the threat, but Miss Caroline faltered and promised to keep silent, though it cost her a sore pang to do it. Dave crept softly out from the chimney corner, his black face twisted into a queer grimace, his eyes shining like beads. He was a tall, wiry boy, about seventeen years old, unusually shrewd and quick witted, and the scapegoat of the place. He was charged with all the untraceable stealing and lying and various other misdemeanors, and he hated Miss Sary Ann as strongly as he loved Clem. Her plan to frighten his young mis- tress filled him with wrath and terror. ' De debbil gwine get dat 'oman, sho',' he muttered between his sharp white teeth. If he could only turn her own scheme against her ! Could he pluck up courage to enter the graveyard after dark ? Dare he risk her wrath should she discover the trick ? But what a sweet revenge it would be to scare her ! It would not only be a righte- ous defence of Miss Clementine, but would repay him for some of the lashings he had received. While thinking the matter over, he inadvertently strolled around the corner of the house where Miss Sary Ann could see him from the kitchen door. ' You Dave,' she instantly screamed, ' what do you mean idlin' there, an' the pigs not fed, nor the cows turned into the lot ? It's a wonder to me your bones don't drop to pieces with laziness.' He scampered nimbly away towards the barns and stables, shaking his fist at her when safely hidden from her eyes That evening, Miss Sary Ann, having secured a large sheet—it would not require a very elaborate ghost to frighten the girl, she argued—slipped out through the back gate, walked by the lot and the scope of woods beyond, and entered the graveyard. Dave, lying under the apple-trees in the back yard, rose and stealthily followed her. The moon was rising, and silvery shafts of light marked the openings between the trees, falling here on an uncovered mound, there on a whitewashed head- board. The windows in the old church were like black eyeless sockets, and an owl hooted dismally as it flew under the eaves. If Miss Sary Ann's courage weakened and she thought of the unpleasant stories connected with the place, her steady, unfaltering steps did not betray it. Not so with the boy stealing like a shadow after her. His knees quaked, cowardly soul grew faint within him. Every snapping twig, every fantastic shadow, made his wool stand on end, sent a fresh ague of terror over him. At the edge of the grave yard he hesitated an instant, tempted to throw off his disguise and take to his heels, but the remembrance of past injuries and the thought of serving his young mistress nerved him to skulk in among graves. Miss Sary Ann stationed herself under a low spreading cedar near the roadside, and Dave crawled slowly and cautiously near her, crouching behind a pile of loose stones. Thus they waited, while the moon rose higher, and the mysterious- looking shadows falling over the graves shifted their positions and assumed new shapes. A ghostly wind sprang up in some black hollow of the woods, swept over the burying ground, rattled the tottering church doors, and passed sighingly away. The superstitious negro crouched lower in his hiding place to escape the spirits of the night. It was a gruesome spot for a lovers' tryst, but John Grissom, not feeling afraid of ' man, beast, or devil,' could not conceive of cowardice in others, in Clem least of all. Clem walked down the road, singing softly to keep up her courage, her eyes straying in unwilling fascination towards the grave- yard. Secretly she wished that her lover had selected some more cheerful spot for the meeting, but the thought of seeing him moved her to hasten on. It was the moment Miss Sary Ann had been impatiently waiting for, and enveloped in the sheet with only an opening left for her eyes to behold and enjoy the girl's terror, she slowly rose and stepped out from under the cedar. At the same instant Dave made his appearance in the full sheen of moonlight, and Clem had a pair of ghosts to contemplate. The boy had allowed his imagination full play in his make-up, and the effect was truly marvellous. Naturally black as the ace of spades, he had adorned his face with broad chalk rings. A white skull-cap, with horns attached, on his head, and a long shapeless white covering over his body, gave him a truly satanic appearance. It was altogether too much for Clem. For a moment she stood as though transfixed in the red dust of the road, then, catching a glimpse of her lover hastening from the church steps, she uttered a shriek of mingled joy and terror, and fled straight to his arms. Then it was Miss Sary Ann's turn to see the other ghost, and at first she simply stared with unbelieving eyes at it. Had the thing risen out of the solid earth, or materialised from the empty air ? She felt her hair rising stiffly, her blood seemed to be congealing in her veins. Her knees shook, her heart be- came as water. It was retribution. Satan himself had come for her. She who would have scoffed at ghosts, flouted the cowardly terrors of others, boasting of her own iron nerve, felt amply punished at that moment. Elated with his success, Dave uttered a sepulchral groan and advanced a pace towards her. With a scream that startled the bats and the owls and raised a hundred echoes, she stumbled over a grave and fled up the road home, trailing her ghostly draperies after her. It was so good an illustration of the old story, ' Run, white devil, black devil catch you,' the negroes were fond of telling, that John Grissom shouted with laughter and urged on the flight. The poor woman heard him, but, in her demoralized state of mind, im- agined it to be a demoniac laughter. She had been completely routed, her arrogant courage gone, her dignity upset. The faster she ran the greater her terror, and when she reached the house, she stumbled up the piazza steps and fell at her brother's feet, begging him to save her. It threw the household and the negro quarters into great commotion, for the news that Miss Sary Ann had seen the devil flew like the wind over the place. The negroes did not doubt it ; the only wonder was that he did not get her. After hearing his sister's account of the matter, Jeff Morgan walked down to the Gross Roads ; but the burying ground lay half in shadow, half in moonlight, deserted, peaceful with the melancholy peace of death. Clem and her lover were pacing up and down the road, talking, and Morgan kindly ordered them to go with him to the house to finish their conversation, as he did not wish Clem to run any risk of being borne away by evil spirits. Sober daylight thoughts convinced Miss Sary Ann that she had been imposed upon, but it was too late to reassert her author- ity. ' I don't see as it's any use to keep up this foolishness,' said her brother. ' You didn't seem to have much success in skeerin' Clem, so I think that we'll let her and John marry.' She was not silenced, but as the story of the ghost leaked out in the settlement, she was so scourged with jests and jeers that she was glad to yield. As for Dave, he kept the secret of his part in that adventure, ardently as he longed to tell it, for he knew that if Miss Sary Ann learned the truth his punishment would be severe. He was part of Clementine's mar- riage dowry, and years after he had become a faithful and highly valued house-servant he confessed to her his share in that ghost walking at the Cross-Roads.—Matt Grim. 