Amoii!>' the Churches. AN IMPRESSIVE SERVICE. St. Augustine’s Church, Wodonga, was well filled on Wednesday morning, when a novice of the order made her profession. The young lady who took her final vow comes from Cootamundru, N.S.W., but has passed’ her period of probation, as postulant and novice in St. Joseph’s Convent, Wodonga. Her secular name is Miss Mary Conlon, but she will bo known in future as Sister Mary Joseph. The celebraut was the Very Rev. P. Dunne, of Newtown, Albury, and the other clergy present at the ceremony were the Revs. R. j. Carr and J. F. GafTey (Chiltcrn), and Father Lane (Albury). The ceremonial which accompanies the pro fession of a novice is of the most impressive character: Nothing is omitted that can lend intensity i to the solemnity of the occasion or deepen the eject which the sight of a young and refined woman voluntary separating her self from the world must create upon the imagination. To realise the full meaning of ■the service it is necessary to understand the rules under which ladies are permitted to become religious members of the Sisters of Morey. After a period of probation, the postulant 'proceeds to the ceremony of recep tion, at which for the first time her hair is cut off, and she dons the white veil of a novice. Then follows an interval of two years, and finally the ceremony of professing, when the novice takes the black veil of a religious sister, and solemnly makes the triple vow of poverty, chastity and obedience. It is tiie irrevocable step, the final renunciation ; and its perfor mance, with all the imposing ceremonial of tiie Church- of Rome, must awaken the most devout and reverond emotions in those who witness it. At nine o’clock on Wednesday morning the service commenced by a procession of tiie novices, tiie professed religious, and tiie clergy. Each of the novices and the religious sisters bore a lighted candle, and, headed by the crossbearer (Miss Ellen Egan), they filed slowly into tiie church. The contrast between the spotless white robes of the novices and the sombre veils of the nuns gave the scene an intense dramatic interest, which was heigh tened by the blaze of candles on the altar. Next came tiie solemn blessing of the black veil, which the novice was soon to adopt for the rest of her life, and the consecration of the ring which each nun wears on her left hand as a symbol of her spiritual union with Our Saviour. The novice was then conducted by the Reverend Mother to the altar, when Father Dunne interrogated her as follows :— Celebrant—My child, what do you demand ? Novice—I most humbly beg to be received into the Holy Profession. Celebrant—My child, do you consider yourself sufficiently instructed in what regards the vows of religion and the rules and consti tution of this institute ; and do you know tiie obligations you contract by the Holy Profession ? Novice—Yes : with the grace of God. Celebrant—May Godgrant you perseverance in your holy' resolution ; and may Ho deign in Ilis mercy to consummate what He has begun. In the name of tiie Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. After this a solemn mass was said by Rev Carr, the “ 0 Salutaris” being effectively sung by Miss Emma Allen, the novice was again led to the altar, where the Confiteor was repeated. Then, as Father Dunn elevated tiie adorable sacrament, the novice read the following act of profession, kneeling— “In the name of our Lord and Saviour iTeauo Oliriat,, aild U 11(1 OF film pi’otootion o£ Ilia immaculate mother Mary, ever Virgin, 1, Mary Conlon, called in regligon Sister Mary Joseph, do vow and promise to God poverty, chastity, and obedience, and the service of the poor, sick, and ignorant, and to presevere, until death in this institute of Our Lndy of Mercy according to its approved rule and constitutions ; under tiie authority and presence of yon, reverend father in God, and of our rev.-mother, called in religion Mary-, mother superior of this Convent of Mercy, this 10th day of October, in the year of our Lord, 1891.” Having written a cross after her signature, the newly-professed sister retired to her place, and the service was resumed. Later on, at the invitation from the altar, '• Come, spouse of Christ, receive the Crown which the Lord hath prepared for thee,” the newly professed again approached the sanituary, and received the black veil from the hands of the celebrant. Next the blessed ring was placed on the third finger of tiie left hand, with the words :— “ May Jesus Christ, Son of the living God, who has now espoused thee, protect thee from all danger. Receive then the ring of faith, the seal of the Holy Ghost, that thou mayest' be called the spouse of Christ, and if thou art faithful, be crowned with him for over. In tire name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.” And tiie newely professed responded :— “ I am espoused to him whom the angels servo, and at whose boauty the sun and moon stand in wonder.” Then, after some furthor responses, the newly-professed prostrated herself before the altar—all tho pcoplo standing—while the To Dcurn, Ln.iuln.mus was sung. Lastly, the nowly-profossed was sprinkled with holy water and the act of profession was finished. Then followed a touching scene. The newly-pro fessed was conducted to the Reverend Mothor, to whom she knelt, and who raised and em braced her. Then, passing along the lino of religious sisters, each in turn bowed and em braced her.—Wodonga Sentiml. Boating Accident.—On Sunday after noon four of our town youths had an oxciting adventure on the lake in the park, the facts being as follows :—James Looney, Steve Herrin, Mat Herrin and J, Rogers, for the purpose of pleasant recreation and enjoyment, resolved to have a row on the lake, and when between the island and jetty, where the water is about fifteen feet deep, Mat Herrin, from some cause or other, fell out, • and, being unable to swim, clung to the Bide of the boat, which he managed to catch hold of. In tlie excitement, however, his brother Steve, also no swimmer, took on involun tary “ header,” but unfortunately went wide of the boat, on seeing, which young Looney, w’lio, co.uld swin,, wept bravely to I tlie rescue, and Rogers at the same time passing out an oar the trio contrived to i scramble aboard again, not much the wotsc for their unexpected bath. Had the boat not been flat bottomed we hardly like to think how matters might have turned out. Certainly the best medicine known 1* SAN, DI5It and Sons' Kuoalvuti ExifBAqx, Try' its eminently powerful, effect'ip coughs,'colds, influenza ; the relief is instantaneous. ' In va rious oases and aocidents'of all kinds, be these wounds, burns, scalding, bruises, sprainB it is the safest remedy—np,swelling—no inflamma tion. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, swelling, etc., dirrhoea, dysentery disease of the kidneys, and urinary organs In use nt hospitals and medical clinics al over tlie globe ; patronised by his Majesty, the King of Italy ; crowned with tpedai «nd dip loma at.the International Exhibition, Amster dam. Trust iu_"tliia approved article and • reject others, .. 