CURRENT CABLES. show our Exchanges.) . GRÈATBRITÀIN. Intelligence has been published in London newspapers that the Victorian Government has entered, into an agreement with the Peninsular and Oriental Co. and the Orient Co. for the transport of butter from Melbourne to London at 1d. per lb., under specified conditions. Mr. Robert Reid, who has been actively conducting negotiations with well-known shipping firms, with a view to securing a substantial reduction in the freight rates on butter and other colonial produce, expresses great regret at the acceptance by the Government of the terms conceded by the mail companies. He entertains a strong belief that better terms might have been made. Sir Thomas McIlwraith has had three offers made to him for the continuation of the construction of cross- country lines in Queensland, but has refused them all. He regards the terms as' unsatisfactory. The Globe, makes a serious statement respecting the cruiser Curacoa, one of the vessels of the Australian squadron. It declares that the cruiser is in a shameful condition, and ought to be sent home. Mr. H. J. Bristow, who was last year on the London directorate of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency I Co, has decided to join the new I board of the company. Holders of the company's 1879 issue of debentures are moving for a larger representation on the new board of directors than is at present provided for. The proposed formation of a Colonial Iron and Steel Co. at Sydney is being revived and, largely supported in London. Some time ago a gentleman named Hall purchased from the Earl of Abingdon a property called Cumnor Place, with the view of acquiring the actual house in which Amy Robsart (the heroine of Scott's novel " Kenil- worth") was imprisoned, and which was said to be haunted by her ghost. Mr. Hall has instituted an action against (the Earl of Abingdon, claim- ing the cancellation of his bargain on the ground that the property purchased is not, us he understood when buying it, really "historic." A verdict has been given for the defendant. 