Current News. Why suffer from Neuralgia ? It is a fact beyond dispuro, and one of groat consolation to tho afflicted, that Doyle's Neuralgia Powders are instantaneous in relief and euro in all neuralgic eases. Send to tho Dispensary, George- street, Parramatta. PuKCiiAsmis of bicycles oannot do better than obtain tho bicyclo they require through tho agency of Mr. L. A. Simpson, of 1'ennell- street, Parramatta He is tho agent for tho famous 'Now Rapid' bioyole, which holds all tho road and track records and which aro the only maohiues made with tho unbreakable spokes. Mr. Simpson spares no time and troublo in teaching purohaser3 tho easiest method of riding, which is q. groat point to swift riding, free ot charge, Besides the ' Now Rapid ' he is agent for many other brands. Second hand bicycles from £S.* The general public, as well as painters and paperhangers, etc, aro compelled to acknow ledge that they cim bo well and oheaply served at Herbert Coates' Premier Oil and Color Store, George-street, as he is now the only genuine paint and glass merohant in Purra matta. New stock ''of wall-paper just now arrived. Splendid Dowsifrom Messrs. Good Luck. Jones and Driscoll's miuo at Coolgardie. : Somn wonder ful finds have been mudc, Mr. W. Jones is out back prospectiug, and lias eoverul camels with him. The sportivo and imisouiof Obstructions on loviug youngsters, who havo the Tram Line of lato amused themselves by placing obstructions on various kinds on tho tram line, Georgo-street, had better take warning in tirao,' and oxeroiao their talents in other directions. Mr. Ford, the local agont, is determined to prosecute the first offender oaught, according to the utmost rigor of the law. A large meeting of viuo Meetlng of growers was held ou Wed Yinegrowers. nesdt.y morning, at ihe Globe Hotel, Albury, to' protest against tho rato of 2d in the pound levitd by the Vine Diseas.es 'Board ou tho value of vineyard property. Several speakers strongly deuounced thu action of tho board in deciding to appoiut an inspector at £300, aud contended that no such officer was needed. It was also contended that a rate of a farthing in the pound would caver all really necessary expenditure. It was finally decided to iipputut a. deputation to interview tho board, nud suggost that the reduction named should be made, or at all events that the board should delay the appointment of an inspector until September, when a new board will be elected. Severn! Corowa viguerous attended the uicotiug, . I Impudont Thoft. r,;t.urninf; Immo o,, Wednoa! -l'iy .afternoon, after oflico hours l.o ...ado n l,»sm,,,H ,,-,11 at a houeo in Cnuroh-strfiot near tho Ntntion. Mr Blao was m.t mniv Mum live mhml.M tratumotin,, his bUMiHw.*, mwuiwhil.! leaving ],i« buir , ' 1m vi-lnclo hi) ton. id to Ins ulmgriu, th.it bobip liKlit.li.iK,-fiIi...livi.l..:ill..,,I Walk.,1 off wUn a iiiacmto,li ov.-r-oo n The coat has not vet boon returned to tho owner. J m fU f r- GilCT. S.M., i« Hifteriii Illness of Mr. from a vorj aovero attack of Giles, S.M. iniliiMizu, combined with other ailmonts. Durinir his temporary nbvonoo from duty, Mr. ]? W Edwards, Police Magistrate of P&rrnmntta;' awill nil Mr Giles' place, having been appointed a- jj.o.ih. nir. iuaoiariane continues to act aa .M. in Purramatta. mi w j., ,Is most dwagreoahlo, nnd has . /The Weather beon so for a week, cold piercing «v6stnrly winds atrikiug remorselessly into tho human framo The wiud and dry weathor aro having a bud effoot iu the orchards, and if wo do not Boon get ruin tho outlook will bo sorioiiB, as tho .planting is protty well dono and young plants roquiro moisturo to givo them a start. Somo-weeksngothc children St. John's connected with St. John's Dorcas Society. Sunday School, assisted by 'Worlds, rendered iho cantata ' Tho Flower Queen.' at the Town Hall in aid of iho funds of St. John's Dorons Society, 'On Tuesday tho youngsters attondcd tho socioly's meeting and handed ovor tho nett amount realised (£11 -Is) to tho president, Mr. It. Har per, son., who thanked them in a fow itindly words. A benefit concert, in aid of Concert. Mr. Cameron, ono of tho mombers of iho Acorn Lodge U.A.O.D., was given on Wednesdny in iho Town Hall, Parrmnatin. There was a good' attendance and tho affair passed off well. y, , .„ « An oxcellollt programme nill Roaohill Races, be run oil' on tho Koschill Rnceconrao this (Saturday) afternoon. There arc six events, includinc a hurdle and 3teoplechnso, unrt tho entries include somu of tho best horses in tminiujj. A meoMng of the members of Cumberland tho Cumberland Vino Diseases Vine Diseases Board was heW at the office, Board. Granville, on Saturday last. The principal business was tho appointment of an inspector under tho Act. Thoro were 50 or oO applications for tho office' anil after a good doal of discussion, Mr. j' Saundcrson was fiunlly selected. Mr. Sauidot. sou U a practical man of largo experience, James Barnes's Jt nilly ^o remembered, that Case. 'couple of weeks ago, James iioruea was committed for trial at tho Quartor Sessions, on a char'o of having mado u false declaration, in connection with tho Electoral Act. It is announced now that tho Attoruoy- General has declined to filo a bill m tho casn, which, if it did nothing else hud the desired effect of showing tho authority of tho local registrar. At a meeting of the members Marist Brothers of thia club, held on Wo'd. AA.C. uesday last, it was decided to hold the anuual sports meeting in the lutter part of September or oarly in October. Tho Secretary's report showed tho club to be in a flourishing condition, The meeting was adjourned till uoxt Wednes day. The Parramatra Land Court Parramatta met on Thursday, and Land Court. Messrs. T. W. Harriott (chairman), F. A. Franklin, aud H. Eagnr being present. Tho following : business was transacted :— -Conditional pur- : chase, William Maltby, -10 acres, notioo to withdraw, permission granted ; J. Haverack, ? junior, 150a., application for cerlifiiato of ' nbandoninout refused ; Alfred Bates, 8fa., application to substitute other improvements ? instead of fencing, permisaion granted; Thomas Cokor, 40a., similar application; per- ' misbion granted, oxoept as to the Dural road -\ boundary: John O'Sullivan, 5Ga., inquiry.! under nee. 20 ; conditions not fulfilled, ; C.P. should bo forfeited ; A. H. Full wood, 17a., inquiry as to fencing conditions not fulfilled, waivor of forfeiture suggested ; John Wilson, -10a., inquiry, term of residence expired, residenco and 10a an aero, : conditions fulfilled ; George H. Wiglny, Ua,, and dOu., respectively, .and JB. C. Johnston jOa., applications for certificate of conformity, . granted; special leases, H. K. Csrpenter, : application for -1]- p. for jetty site, rent fixed j at £2 per acre for 5 years for tho area below '- water, the court declining to recommend a '. lease of tho reclaimed urea ; Union Bank of :' Australia, ]0 p. for jetty site, lease granted - for 5 years, reut £10 ; H.' P. Jeannertt, ' application (-:J p. for jetty site, granted on' similar terms ; Airs. A. Grimley, application ; for 36;} p., seven years lease, rental £10. 1 Special purchases— James Arthur applied for \ leave to purchase 1 a. 3 r. 22 p., nn objection, ! appraised at £20 per acre ; Mrs. M. A, i McCauslnnd, application for leave to purchase ' 10 p., uo objection^ appraised at £3« las. '\ The members of tho Orpheus ? Complimentary. Club and St. John's choir are ?' making preparations to giro ' their popular conductor, Mr. Arthur Maesoy, a ' complimentarv concert. Two important football Football matches will played on tho Matches. Syduoy cricket ground this (Sat.) afternoon. Queens land -will meet New South Wales and Central Southern toam will meot tho Cham- j pion Junior team, Tho Dflrluighuret j Harriers half-milo race will also be run on tho I samo ground. I Attention is directed to on '.j Supply of Tele-advertisement iu tho col-.Sl graph Poles, umns ot our to-day's issue . I calling for tenders for tho 1 supply of telegraph poles along tho line bo- I tweeu Balraain aud Dural, as required. 1 Tenders will bo received up till the -8th. I August. I Thoro was no excitement;'! The Elections over tho election in Parra- J ' in Town. mnttn. until flin rlnnlnmrinh ?'? ! was made about 7 o'clock. ? A mighty crowd congregated at the corner ! ,aud eagerly scanned the largo board erected | outside the Ahgtj3 office showing the results ?; of the elections in the city and suburbs and'-' country, Considerable excitement was maui- i fested ovor anything referring to Tamworlh. . Telegrams continued to reach Tnc Aliens j office until midnight, but the crowd left - for ?: homo about half-an-hour before that, aiid Mr. | Henri Bastings, who manipulated the intelli gence board, laid down Ins brush and wept 3 for the cause of Protection. It was after .| midnight when the last message came, anil bnt ;| one torch was struggling hard to light up the screen for the anxious eyes of three lone ; policemen, who discussed the situation and' the relative figures 'as only policemen can. i The myrmidons of the law were btill gazing heavenward nt the fitful flashes of the torch'; as we shut down aud wended our way home-:! wards after one of tho most exciting flight-' '- the country has known. The public evidently keenly appreciated tho enterprise of Tub ' Akgus and tho excellent tnaunor in which the Sinn wotiteu— -irom me aevu to tue man yiw, '.makes the ghost walk '—to afford tbem every shred of information. We had wires coming in from Eyde, Castle Hill and Sydney, and we havo to acknowledge the smart-ess of the local telegraph officials in coping with the unusual strain. The first messages to hand wore from Rydo, nnd hud other places worked as, smartly as our Hyde stall' we should bare known all results bofore 9 o'clock. Thelatcst returns place the position of parties as fol lows :— Freetraders, 02} Protuctiouisls, 39; Labour,2l. Humour has got a fair start The Pavi'ftinatta this week with a report that Mayoralty tho Mayor of Parraamtta (Mr. J. Wi Withers) intends ,to rotiro within a fortnight and leave an open ing for Aid. Hugh Taylor to get into that 1 representative position. It is stated that Mr. J Withers is likely to remove from Patrauistto j altogether. 1 