A WOMAN'S WIT. a During the assizes held in a Southern city the court was crowded to its utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of e swaying humanity outside awaited the n verdict. It was a.case of phenomenal interest. 'Two young; fellows of good birth, companions since childhood, had set themselves to earn fame and fortune, or the latter at least, in their native place; Albert lfusgrave .as an artist, Herbert Cadson as a doctor. Their love for each other was brotherly-yet love was the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a sunny-haired, bright-eyed, laughing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favors were pretty equally bestowed between Musgrave and Cadson. One morning people were horrified with a report of a murder. Musgrave had been shot in-his studio. A revolver was found on the table a few inches from the dead body. The bullet, which after passing through his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the others which the revolver contained. Both revolver and cart ridges were proved to have been bought by Cadson within twenty-four hours of the murder. -He was known to have been at the house about the time the crime had been committed. All these things he fully admitted. Only one fact he denied, but this was the evidence that chiefly condemned him. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he was supposed to have. committed the murder, swore to seeing him close to the house; indeed, she had spoken to him, but he strangely enough had passed her, refusing to speak. The general evidence against him was so overwhelming that there could be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner had condemned himself by his own admissions, yet he emphatically asserted his innocence. The eventfuo day of the trial came. Counsel had labored for and against. The judge had summed up the points of the case; the jury retired to consider. The breathless hush of suspense was oppressive. The angel of death seemed almost visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve men entered and solemnly took their seats. "Guilty or not guilty ?" "Guilty !" A piercing shriek, awful from its burden of agony, rang through the court, and Edna's unconscious form was borne out. For the first time the prisoner quailed. All through the trial he had behaved - with almost callous coolness. Her voice 0 unmanned him. He buried his face in I his hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained his manly bearing. When asked if he had any reason to state why sentence of death should not be passed on him, he drew himself up, and in a firm, clear voice said, " To-day my words are an empty sound; one day they will have great power, though they will come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I am I innocent. No man will believe me. 1 speak for the future, because I believe an Avenging Justice, with unerring and irresistible aim, will bring truth to light. Then I wish you to remember my words. Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the shameful curse of a murderer on his head, will have the halo of a martyr." The sentence of death was passed, the judge's voice being scarcely audible amidst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffe2ted. With the quiet demeanor of a hero, Herbert folded his arms to receive his doom without a quiver. To the-last momentous words, "May the Lord have mercy on your soul!" he responded with a firm but reverent "Amen." Mr Darter,. Herbert's solicitor, was disturbed in his office by a young lady whom he at first fai ed to reeognisa as Edna. What a marvellous change! Her haggard face, large eyes looking larger from their sunken sockets, the fierce determined expression of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago? She had aged years. He minvited her to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. ",To free Herbert Caison.. He is innocent, and I have discovered the culprit." The lawyer looked at her, but did not speak. "Perhaps you think me mad. WVell, Ihave-not been far from it. While you men have pitied him and wondered, I, a weak woman, have worked." "Have you any evidence of your statement ?" "Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert's. He wore a pair of old- goloshes with a cut across the left sole. Herbert never pos sessed such .things. On that night he gore a light suit; the other fellow wore a dark tweed suit with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, \- lighter in weiht,.and much cheaper." "How in the name of all tbat is rational did you learn this ?" ' Thereby hangs my tale. I believed Herbert to be innocent. Common sense told me crime always leaves a trace for those who wish to see. No one ever Sseught. They were satisfied with super ficial appearances. : Knowing the land I rd, I obtained permission to see the house. I searched for hours witout saccess. I was yielding to despair and w ndered back into the garden. Sud dmly Fido capered about me with some tsing in his mouth. It was a handker chief. I took it. A glance made my heart stop-blood steains. I examined the handkerchief as a forlorn digger would gold dust. It was a woman's. It was marked 'P. H., Number four.' I re-ognised it, and knew the owner. I. smelt it. What a.peculiar scent. -I renewed my search with vigor. It was evident the criminal hal escaped by the back gate. Reviving hope fired me. S Inch by inch I scrutinised doors, walls windows, anything and everything, large and small. For three days I hunted unceasingly. My total discoveries were -some threads of cloth torn off while squeezing \- through a small window, blood stains on the sash arising from a cut with a rusty nail in the wood, footprints on the S ground beneath the window. The ground was soft enough to receive an S impression. Very close examination revealed a peculiar imprint with a cut across. An inspiration dawned upon me -golosies! From these links how should I form a chain? First, the handkerchief. I went to Lsycock's, the bgmist, He ransacked his shop, but could not-find.inea scent like it. Ifhotf fo an arrow at a-venture and said-- as "' Pon sold some to Miss Harvey; I think ?' "'Oh, yes ; I know now, I got that in especially for her. I am sorry I have none left.' " I reeled out of- the shop.- I was on the track. ' P. H.'"were Priscilla; H~i - I vey's initials; this was her' handker-. chief. I went straight: tol her house. 7 During my stay I. feigned losing my handkerchief. .She lent me the exact 0 l counterpart of the one I had found save that it was marked 'Number seven.' I twitted her that she was in I the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen. She laughed and blushed. I bantered her into confession. She had never lent but one. She told me to 9 n whom. I involuntarily jumped from my I chair, but had enough-self-control to d recover myself, pretending- -I had f assumed astonishment. t r Now I had fairly run down. my , :, game. How should I get into his f house P Providence aided me. You are d an old man, and have -known me from infancy, so I can speak freely to you. t l At one time he paid me such attention r that I had to ignore: him. I knew his tj landlady well, a garrulous old dame. I it fear that I am naturally wicked, for my f plan was formed. immediately. Entice him with softest words and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman you will learn and obtain all. al "I succeeded beyond iny:?wvildest. e hope. I'need not weary you with- the t h details. By dint of coaxing and-. pre sents I induced the old-dame to let me do as I pleased.' I talked to her of - Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her my.confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers with t out his knowledge. She offered me a .e pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Could I steal them for- aday or two ? Buried in a corner of the wardrobe I found a pair. y I turned them up. There was a cut f across the sole of the left foot. I trem- t bled so violently I nearly let them drop. ,f I took them to Muagrave's house; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the" sole of the footprint d analysed by the chemist, who says they are identical. "I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. But one thing remains un done. I swore I saw Herbert three minutes after the murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit is light he must have disguised himself,- which-proves design. n A local hairdresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, and so on, for private theatricals. - Certainly no i private theatricals have taken place, while he had them before and returned I after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning r the deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an hour before." " You astound me, a girl like you, with such- astuteness ! It passes my * comprehension." " Don't you think I have good , grounds for his arrest 7" I "Certainly. Who is heP" e " Mr Satley, the curate." d Mr Carter fairly leaped' from his t. chair with an irreverent expression of is. surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he er sent for the inspector of police, putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr oe Carter's sanctum with a somewhat se gloomy face. - e "It is all over, Mr Carter." t "What, has he confessed ?" , "Yes in words and action. I was going up to Mr Satley's house when I Is saw him coming. He was in a great ar hurry, carrying a portmanteau. This, at with his face, made me think he. knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, but she should have consulted us before she took those goloshes, Women -as are so impulsive. Well, I followed him. ly As I expected, he went to the railway as station. I touched him and advised him e! not to buy a ticket, as he would: waste og his money. He turned paler than Ham he let's ghost, e, - 'God help me. I was mad ! It se was all for her,' he said, in a quivering ry, voice. ' Please do not handcuff me,' he ? implored. .. to "' .Very well,'Mr Satley,' I replied. er "Just: then the shriek of an express whistle made me start.* He dropped his is bag and dashed across. the platform, I he after him..' He won; the ,race. Ilost a ut prisoner. He jumped clean on to the ue buffers, which hurled hinm off like a a football, over and over. Tis body is im lying at the mortuary now." Every cloud has a silver lining. The or sunshine of this narrative is seen in tw6 faces which reflect the joy of love united, t so nearly destroyed by shame asnd e death. unt - _______ 