AMUSEMENTS. There was another large attendance at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening, when the Liliputian Opera Company gave their second performance of the pantomime "Aladdin."' The audience was an appreciative one, and the efforts >of the youngsters met with fre quent and hearty applause, while the scenery and costumes were greatly admired. " Aladdin" will be repeated to-night and throughout the week, a matinee performance being announced for Friday. A fairly good house greeted Mr. J. P. O'Neill's Comedy Company at the Bijou Theatre on Wednesday evening, when the double bill, "Ici on Parle Franeais" and "The Happy Man," was' again repeated, to the evident satisfaction of the audience. The same programme will be repeated this evening, and should draw another good "house. Messrs. Norman ' & McLean's Dramatic Company will open for a short season at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening next, the initial production being a four-act drama written by Miss Blanche Lewis and en titled "Cinders." Mr. Albert Norman, who is well known to Adelaide playgoers from his long association with Mr. Bland Holt's Dramatic Company, will appear as Dick Red mond, and Miss Lewis as Mary Redmond, the remainder of the. company, with the exception of Miss Alice May, being new to Adelaide. The drama will be' well mounted, the scenery having been specially painted for this produc tion by Mr. Alfred Glint, while, as popular prices of admission will be charged all over the house, good attendances should prove the rule during the season. What has proved to be one of the most suc cessful novelties in Adelaide was produced again at the Cyclorama last night to an en thusiastic and appreciative audience. The Enchanted Fountain is a startling production, and from the first jet of water slowly climbing to a height beyond the vision of the spectator to the very last of the many wonderfully worked combinations, with their brilliant limelight effects, all were watched with ad miration. The musical accompaniments also lend a charm to this unique production. There are also the great scene of Waterloo and the explanatory lectures and the beautiful illusion of "Napoleon's Ghost." 