\- JAMBERO -. 0-o (a'nos utle coRaIEsaoNoEN'I'.) - If the month of May was the driest that had-been known for many years which I do not quite believe, though somebody has asserted it in print, the mouth of June has already got quite beyond the chance of euch a record. Throughout May the weather had been so exceedingly fine, that anyone recollecting the weather tiaditions bf the old country could scarcely help re mnarking that th-y'd be very glad at home to get nuch weather as we had in that honth, though here it corresponds in pooItion with their November. June com mesiced equally fine; and the anniversary of "Lord Howe's victory" showed sun ishine as bright as any old fashioned tar could wish for a fight in the Atlantl oor elsewhere. On the evening of the dh, : ,however, commenced qtiite a phenomenal change in the adeent of smart rain with a natthlng shower of hail, of which, however, it could not be said that the hailstones were . es big as pullets' eggs. The showers in both hinds were repeated at intervals during the night, arid to such a tune that before noon next day a depth of about two ihches of rain was gauged as the harvest of the preceding sixteen or seventeen houtse. People had been wishing for a moderate fell of rain to replenish their tanks and moisten the surface of the ground, which had been so dried by the May eunshine that in some siles'it was found impossible t3 ploub, 'In some cases, I am told, the Hailstones filled up the guttrrs, so that people were more or less disappointed in regaid to the hoped'for supply of rain water; and at some spots where the hail stones had drifted they might have been gathered up by the cartload as late as noon the nextday. These phehomena were calculated to remindone of what happened some three tears ago, when in the single month of dune we had more than 2, inches of rain; it is to be hoped that we Bha'n't incur any such plague of "unscasonablo rain and waters," as appearances have again bs come favourable, and whilel I am scribbling 1 cans py the " old moon in the now opooini lap," -an appearance which at any rate indicates-a clear atmosphere, though in the old countries strangely enough,' it was traditionally regarded as an indication of foul weathor, I imag!ine this was be cause the faint refletahon of the "old man" weslooked upon as a sort of ghost, -for superstition precedes 'silence, nod lingers indefinitely m the popular mind. There are fine poetical allusions to this supersttion in Sholley's " Triumph of SLife," and in Coloridgo's ode entitled "Dejection?"-- if anybody knows anything about them. I suppose nobody has had more reason to rejoice i1 the continuance of fine weather than briudder Jarvls, who hes thi~lontract for the improvements on the north'side of Grey's Hill, Stony Oreelk. This contract extends over rather more than a quarter of a mile, and absorbs in a convenient and uniform slopeo two or three nasty ups and downs which occurred within tha space on this anoioent bugbear of a road, The oim provement is a very valuable one, and the superintendent, bruddor Oheafuns, again scores handsomely in the matter, I had Sthe pleasure, a year or two since, of record ing what had boen done moret to the south ward. I hope this oliler may within the next year or two be enabled to carry out the improvements still required between the Turpentine Creek and Mount Terry; tnd I should propose that the whole road he called after him- C-heffins's Road. 3rudder Jarvis's contract, I suppose, is h(early finished by this time, and his caunvas settlement of Jarvistown will• be going the waa of other mundane glories, He will leave, I think, an excellent job behind him, though it is a pity that a eertain wi den culvert at the other end of it, w : bhih is actually "gangin' aglee," could c,5thbavo been included in'the contract. It S:.-'\ sbe hoped that brudder Jarvis; of .' rstown, or some better man, if there be onho will at no groat di.tanoe of time be bv on the cutting at Groey's Kill, which, su"pose, will join on to the job which he b hasnot--.in hand. After that the only serious mattriiFroenmaining to bedono on this :: troublesome line will be the alteration at I Turpentine hill-the ugliest thing of the kind within many a mile. OC, D, Y, 