SEMAPHORE NEWS. SEMAPHORE WEPLEYAV CHURCH.—The Rev. J. Berry preached in the Semaphore Wesleyan Church, on Wednesday evening, in aid of the circuit funds. -The subject - announced was " The Baptism of Power," and the text selected was Acts I, 7 and 8. Th°. preacher said the promises of Christ were for all time, and could be availed of by alL The difference between a stamp and a bank* note lay in the fact that the former when once used could neve- be used again, and the Jattei was always available, while the bank remained in existence. The promiBe given in the text was not only for those present when it was spoken, but for all ages, it was not for preachers alone, but just as much for tte people. There was a greBt deal of time wasted in discussion of trivial subjects instead of getting the "power™ indicated in the text. The church, through all these centuries, had been wasting time and thought in discussing these questions o£ little importance, instead of getting the "power." What was this promise? Not » iTomise of the Holy Spirit for the first time, loly men of -old wrote and spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Six week! ' fore, Christ had said to the disciples- Receive ye the Holy Ghost." There was the presence.of the Holy Ghost ever with us, and there was also the "power" of the Holy Ghost upon us. . The church in which they were assembled was full of atmospheric air f but there was no wind; the lake was full o£ still water, but there was no water power. There, was only power when there was motion. So it was with the Holy Spirit. We needed to pray to get the power of the Holy Ghost within us. We were like leaking vessels, we need d to be continually filled. There were many men who started full ofthe Holy Ghost, but they neglected to continue to get filled. They were not continually in dependence upon the Spirit. The sailing ship only moved when the wind pressed her sail?. Yesterday's wind was of no use to-day. So it was with the spirit. The was a lack of ' power " in the pulpit to day, but there was ' power" in the pew. The reason that Peter's--Pentecostal sermon obtained 3,000 converts, whilst Paul's sermon at Athens only gained a few followers, was not in the difference of power in the preachers, but in the difference of surroundings. The Holy Ghost did not make all- -alike. It did not make all start to preach, bnt it enabled each to work up to the maximum of his own. wssibilities. It was only the power of the loly Ghost which could make them live this truth as it was only the same power th.it could make him preach it. How were w f " to get this power f Christ said—" Te shall receive." It was easy to do that. An old cracked jug could receive the rain. The communication of the " power" imbued men with courage. It was pluck that was wanted in the church to day. We were commanded to give witness. But how were we to receive 1 Christ to'd 'is to " wait." Th re was no time lost in waiting. The disciples who waited till Pentecost lost no time in so doing. It was far better to wait for the power than to attentat to go to -work without it. "This was -the last p-onise of Christ," said the preacher, in conclusion, " will you tak ^ it home to yourselves ?" , During the service • special anthems w-re rendered by the choir, and coagregational hymns were sung. An offering was taken up in aid ofthe circuit funds. ESTCOURT HOUSE.—A gentleman of the , name .of Bucknall, some years ago built a' large dwelling house_on the brow of *»»« : ~Bandtnti?, u«l tuc int/tttccy.tj.-.l, Wtwefinr : Semaphore and the Grange. The plaoe was , subsequently sold,- and now it has eome Into the hands of the' trustees of the«late Mrs. James Browd, and has recently been con* verred into a home for crippled children and the aged blind. The house U very large and commodious, and is fi ted up with all the necessary requisites of a. colonial mansion. There are eleven large and lofty rooms, b sided pau ri<s, bathrooms and cellars innumerable. Th^re is one large dormitory, for boys on the ground flat, aud one for girls. On the first fl >or their is one for men, and one for women. The beds are replete with every comfort, having spring and hrir mattrasses and iron bedsteads. The dining- f r om is very large an<i roomy, as are all the other rooms. The kitcheu is fitted up with 11 the necessaries of culinary operations. There are servants' rooms, priva e Bitting* room and bedroom for the Superintendent, and a smoking-room for the men. A large balcony projecting from he whole of the front of the bouse gives a splendid view from one side of the sei (which is only a few feet away) and from the other of the surrounding country with the hills in the background. A storey higher is a turret from which a still more commanding view is obtained. The lace Is estimated to accommodate about 30 ersons, fifteen adults and fifteen children. he rules for admission are very strict, as only the children of poor parents are taken, nd p'oftr or destitute aged adults. The age of the adalts must be uver 60. The home haB been occupied for about a fortnight by he Supei i uendeut (Mr. Adameon) and his wife, and ten adult patients, seven men and three women. The formal opening, however, has not yet taken pl»c?. Mr. Adamson Bhewed a representative of this paper over the building and grounds on Thursday, and explained that the water supply was quite equal, if not superior, to that obtainea ia Adelaide. Trees had been planted on either side of i he carriage entrance, which would in the course of time form an avenne. The age-1 inmates seem delighted with the place, and ake a specul pleasure in* wandering along the sea shore on fine afternoons. Dr. Curtis is the honorary medical attendant of the home. GLANVILLE LITERARV SOCTEIT. — The details of the formation of thiB society were aiven in a previous issue. The society la n >w in active working order, and is making satisfactory progress. There are about t-venty members, all of whom appear to be aj ive and energetic. On Tuesday evening last the meeting took the form of a questionbox debate. Councillor Lambert presided* and an animated discussion took place on A long list of vaiied questions, mos f ly of a political nature. The chief speak-rs and debaters were—Messrs. Morriso >, Mason, J, Whiie, G. Battye, Giles, A. Craigie, S« White, MarkB, and Giloert. Tl en xtmeet* ing will take the form of a musical evening. PORT CONGREGATIONAL LITERARY SOCI- ETY.—The usual fortnightly meeting of this fOciety was held on Thursday evei .ing, when Mr. T. Caterer presided over a good attendance. Mr. F. Cockington read an interesting descriptive paper on "English Cathedrals.' which was beautifully illustrated mtit magic lantern views. The wnter critically compared the inferior and degenerate architecture of the present century with those solid, stately and noble edifices of the old cathedrals of Britain—which speakBO muoh in the favor of the Gothic art as it wasdeveoped in .mcient times, and he endeavoured to show that so long as the architects and mechanics erected edifices to the glory et Go , th y excelled, but when they tried to *>iow forth their own glory and their own >-ki(l, as is the custom of modern times, they feil far shun of >ha: perfection which achieved by the de.-iguers and builders of tbq oid Englibh caibedraus and abbeys. 