LOpKING BACK WARD A Retrospect of Victoria during 1893— Tho Political, Monetary, Social, Commercial and , Industrial Happenings of tho past Year — Tho' Progress of Mining, Agriculture, Pastoral Pursuits and Manu c turps— . se- . Chats with the Representatives' ot Australia's Staple Pursuits— "Agricola" on New Methods of Farming — The "Economist" argues : on the Financia' Condition the Province — Tho Rocord ol the Morgue. (Copyright— The Federal Association of Journalists ) The year 1S93 has undoubtedly proved tothe pessimist much that his carping soul delights, in, for in good truth little has obtained towards the improvement or extrication from the slough of despondency and consequent depression with which it was ushered in Revelations of fraud, chicanery, in rotten commercial and financial institutions have been common, and the pens of the diurnal and hebdomadal scribes have been pushed along at high-pressure speed in their efforts to record the rotteness of those institutions in which thousands had trusted. Commercial quid mines ambiguously advised their friends that such-and-such a bank would be the next to go, and their prognostications, unfortu nately, proved only too true. 1 he " busy haunts of men " were peopled with victims of the financial crisis, and deluded or dilatory shareholders were met with 'anxious faces hurrying along to the hanks they were interested in to find the doors closed. The torrent of indignation became turgid, public meeting were held, affairs discussed, depositors and shareholders, in many- instances, were bewildered by the array of figures presented to them cither upon printed sheets or delivered ore rot undo. But dissatis faction was paramount. Accountants of long-standing and experience were called upon to exnlain their views of the situation, and chaos almost came again at least so far as mathematical (Questions were concerned. Persons in high places were openly accused of fraud, arrests followed, preliminary hc-ar- , ing, trials (the latter in some casSs bringing the fradulcnt delinquent Ay" terms of im prisonment), whilst in oti.er instances, the law's delay was decidedly conspicuous, and it was not until after protracted Police Court proceedings that anything approaching the functions of magisterial ruling was correctly arrived at. It yet remains to be decided by the higher authorities what course justice will take in her endeavours.to sheet home fraud and corruption to those directly accused. It is still a matter of . wonder that many directors immediately con- concerned in the working of the several banks which collapsed arc not placed upon their trial to account for their stewardship. Why in their position of trust, .direction and responsibility, were they not seized of the fact of their individual banks being in an unsound condition, and above tbe Piimsol! mark, so to speak, of safety and solvency. The scheme of re-construction was flaunted in the eyes of the deluded depositors, many of whom did not know the meaning of the term so much so that when the banks re opened their doors the ignorant ones stormed the managers' offices, and implored, with all the persuasive eloquence at their command, for an instant return of their moneys. Of course their requests were not acceded to. and they withdrew invoking vengeance and anathematising the authors of their undoing. And they were by no means tc-blame. I here were many shareholders .and favored depositors who had received large overdrafts and thereby depleted the coffers of capitals which should have remained almost intact to ensure the stability of the several banks they were placed in. In a word, the reckless allowance of overdrafts was at the bottom of of the suspension. Sir Fnddlesby Hoodwink, the Hon. Diddiem Takedown, Throwsby Dusrincyes, Esq., and others of their ilk/appeared in circulars, advertisements, balance-sheets and press reports as chairman and members of the. boards of directors and shareholders, and the muttons represented by the public swallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to thcin. At last the supply gave out through" the inquisitiver.css and dubiety of the English shareholders, and a very bad attack of com- . mercial indigesiion was the result. Matters having reached a critical point political influence, with the' sanction of the Acting- Governor, intervened, and on Sunday, 3th April, a Government Gazette was issued, pro claiming five days' holiday for the banks with the view of allaying the public panic. This action on the part oi the Government was diversely criticised during the following day, 1st May, and there occurred some; exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in the history of the Austraiias. The suspended and rc-coustructing banks at this time were Vi«a PnfrlL-Vi nkrl Australian Chartered, The London Chartered, The Standard and National were partially open for the receipt of money and trust accounts. The Commercial was to have re- opened but remained closed in obedience to the Govern ment proclamation. Of the six remaining banks of issue, four, viz., The Bank of New South Wales, the Victoria, the City and Colonial also acted in accordance with the Government notification and remain closed. The Bank of Australasia and the Union Bank, however, apparently opposed the edict and opened transactions in ali business that was legally possible. On the Tuesday following the Bank of New South. Wales followed suit, and on the Wednesday the Colonial Bank and the City Bank collapsed, followed on. the 9th by the Bank of Victoria after forty years' business. The City Bank put off the imminent day till the 17th, when its doors were closed, and at the end of January the federal Bank joined the throng; The English press had likewise condemned the action of the Vi;torian Government in proclaiming these holidays, and as previously remarked, dissatisfaction was rampant among all those emmeshed in the financial net. The only allurement held out was a promise to. pay in live years' time, when more than probauly the only result u ill be a bigger smash thairthat just experienced. We have plunged in 1 nedtas res into the chief cause of the year's dire depression, without regard to strict chronological order in the relation of matter from the commencement of 1893 On the 4th of April the Com- mercial Bank suspended payment, on., the 12th the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered- Bank succumbed, and on the 25th" the London Chartered Bank gave, up, the ghost; the Standard, which in iSg2.had;been. forced to accept the inevitable, was driven to the same extremity on the 28th of April of ' this year; and; the following day, saw the suspension of the National Bank. , Leaving suspended banks to revert, to. other financial institutions it is refteshing/o, reflect that Colonial Life Assurance Societies are advancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the confidence of the community. Certainly large, bonuses .are an alluring " bait, but when it is considered that the best societies' have carefully considered the advantages of an accumulated bonus scheme to policy holders, fair praise must be ' " > accorded to them. Premising that, death shouid occur within, twenty-five years of -Y<jate of assurance, if the premiums are paid \--i.'iWk-tCcsnm assured Is in addition returned \- and the new pension scheme in view of the array of bank suspensions we quoted and : dilated upon as a preliminary or preface to \- "this retrospect, should absolutely commend itself to the consideration of all who wish ' to be secure in the event of evil times -R-.— t r. falling neon them. In short (here is no p-.s.-iblo assurance but niuiual assurance, and the beet <-f mutual arsurar.ee is with those companies whose assets ale on the spot. Ihe Mutual of Victoria which lias evidently pro filed by the di-astrous experiences of fallen financial institutions and bettered the instruc tion by eTolvu g safe and secure advantages for all annuitants. Its management is " in tbe know,'- concerning Australian monetary matters far more so tlian any foreign .Assurance-Society officers, hence there can be no two opinions concerning the choice of institution with which -to transact Life Assurance. 'J his particular society on its last annual distribution of bonuses did to . from a fund of over £1.000,000, tho cash value of which exceeded £o()0,000. in the preceding year, 1SS2. I2.5S5 new policies were issued lor a-turanccs. amounting to £3,791,221. the new annual income from premiums being £l'2fi,014. The funds now amount to £ll,32b.448. And passing from Life Assurance to death, which is not an abrupt transition, the opening cf the new year was marked by (he decease of ; the Chief Justice of Victoria, Mr. Geo. Eiginbotham, who had expired on the last day of the old year. In life he had been a consistent and uncompromising democrat He had lived for forty years in .Victoria; and during an active and busy leral/ jolitical, and journalistic career, the 'only reward for public duties performed he looked for was from the poople. Ha declined knighthood, but he received with undisguised appreciation the vote of thanks tendered by Parliament for the stupendous task he had performed, that of consolidating the Victorian Statutes. Be died of heart disease, brought on bv' overwork, at the age of 66. According to his express wishes enjoined during the last ten /years /of his life he was to be buried privately, which act was performed much to the disappointment- of the wholo community, by whom he was revered and to-red for hi# amiability, devotion to duty, and his con scientious adherence to principles he thought just aiid right. Continuing the obituary record for the year, it may be recorded that on the 17th of January, Dr. Thou. Embling, Member Legislative Council, departed this' life. He bad been an early advocate fur the Eight Hour movement, the Lands'; Transfer Act, and also protective, duties. -By cable from England it was learnt that .James McCulloch, who had once been. a most power ful political factor in Victoria had died. on the . 31st January, at Ewell, Surrey, in his seventy- . fourth year. He'was Premier of the colony on four different occasions. In March, Matthew 'Lang, ex-mayor of Melbourne, who had filled-' the mayoral chair for three successive- years' died. E. L, Steinfeld,- M..L.C., died at Adelaide, S. A., on Sunday - morning-, J 6th April. In the following month David Robert Wyllie; member for North Melbourne, in tho Legislative Assembly, and Labour Party advocate, died of syncope of the- ( heart, supervming an attack of paralysis, at the enrly age of 36. \Vm. l'carfon, M.L.C., for the Eastern Province, died 10th Augnst, The probate duty pnid in this estate; added largely to the public revenue. The property detailed in the late gentleman's will and liable to the payment of duty, was sworn at'. £206,613, upon which £20,561 was paid -as duly. Furthermore the property comprised in settlements liable to duty, was stated at £42,176, upon which £1900 was paid. Tho , duty paid in all totalled £22,551. Among the real estate was Kiltniny Park, the well- known sheep station, near Rosedale. James Gampbell, Minister of Public Instruction and Commissioner of Customs, died on Saturday, 16th September, of cancer, after many week's of terrible suffering. The Government offices were closed at noon on the ISth inst. as a token of respect for the deceased. At Eendigo on the same day another veteran Parliamentarian, lvobert Burrowes, M.L.A., passed away. Ho bad been elected' altogether elevm times, and his ratlin mentary ex- peril nee extended over twenty-seven- years... On Tuesday, :-rd October, Robert E. "Widlan, well-known in literary and commercial circles, died on board the s.s. Wairarafni, at' Auck land, N.Z., of paralysis. Another well- known arid esteemed colonist, the IL-vd. Tlow Kane, whoso Victorian career had be n honored and lengthy, diet at Brigh.on, 011 11th November. Now occe inc.ro pass wc on to tho. affairs of the living. I11 January a successor to the late Geo: go 1 1 i/i;i, t!i;iiu was lunked ;ib u:t for, and it. was tituuglit that Justice Williams would be offered tin- appointnienc. However, the upshot of t lit! nutter "w..s that Mr, : hiels.- the then Premier and Altoi ney-'Jene; al together with lu's cDl'e.-iaue-. invited Lr. Madden to accept t:.ar office, which he did. Parliament alter a short t.'lii i.-tui-'U vacation reassembled on I'dtli January, w tli Mr. Shicl's at ihe bend of affairs. The political barometer at about this time was pointing', lb" squally weather, and on the 17th, Ft. Patterson, tile j.nsent Premier, tabled a want of contideucc motion. O11 the 18th, ibe Shiei's Government was defeated by forty- five votes to forty- 1 wo; after a deba'e which was the shortest on record. ' 'n 29th January Mr. Patterson out of the ina'ei-ial placed at liis di-posal f-rmc-.I a Min s.rv- which was constituted as follows : — J. B. l'at'erson. Premier, Chief ri( cret ary and Miuis'tr of Railways; G. D. Carter, Trc-asnrer 5 Bryan O'Logidtn, Attorney-General: Mr. leaacs, . Solicitor-General : Mr. il/Coll, Minister of Mines and Water Snpply ; Mi. M'lntyre, Lauds, Mr. I'ampbell. Education and Customs ; Mr. Webb, Public \\\ orks and Agriculture; Mr. Pi. Eeid,; Miirstcr lor Difencis; Mr. A. Wynne, l'oslmasler- General. On ' the 1st of February, Mr. Patterson unfolded the Minis erial pro gramme at I asl < maine, and met with a warn diuions'ration. On the 7th ol Febinnry 2dr. Patterson was returned for Past'emaiue. Laving been' oppesed by Mr. Francis Long- more. Mr. I attcisan scored lieavi'y. the voting majority being generally about two to one. Parliament re-asscinbled on l-lth 1-ibruary. On 'the lhtli a i.oavd of enquiry sat to try and discover the whereabouts of the missing mace, which had been mysteriously stolen from the Houses of Parliament. Their efforts weie fruitless, however, and the bauble still n mains undiscovered. The board, at any rate, discovered wliete the mace had not been, and a cboius of " our honor is vindicated," headed by Speaker Bent, arose. Parliament was prorogued on 3rd March by tlje Administrator' -of the Government, and re-opened on 28th June, when the main features presented were : the Retrenchment Scheme, whereby the permanent expenditure of the province could he reduced £800,600 or £'!'0g,l:00 a year; the policy of additii nal taxation 10 bring up the re; en tie at least of the next year level with, that year's expendi ture ; a scheme of land ai d village settlement to provide adequately for the people gelling " back to the laud," which belongs to tlicrii auyhow. . J he railway rereuue tor the financial year up t > 31 th June, 1893, was ,£"2,033,4 12, and retrenchment caused a saving in the working expenses of about £800.0', 0. The Treasurer's Budget. Speicli was read ou Wednesday, 19th July, and the. method by which he proposed to make ids revenue cover expenditure in the balance-sheet was thus Estimated revenue, 1893-94 ... .-. £7,343,147 New taxation ... ... ... . 576,000 „ . . ; . £7.9t9, x47 Estimated expenditure, 1803-94 7,623,90./ Surplus on the year ... ... £296,238 In the merry month of May, a political crisis arose out of the M ercantile Bsitk prosecutions Mr. Isaacs, the Solicitor-General, disagreed with Btyau O'Logltleri's verdict,' as Attorney- General, wit'' regard to a nolle prosequi. The upshot tvas that Mr. Isaacs retired fro'm1 the Cabinet. Later on be went before his constituents at Beecliwoflh, who received him' n ilh acclamation, and lie was - returned unopposed to bis seat 111 the UouBe. It must not be forgotten during the month on January Mr. IS. G. 1-itzgibcon, chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Land and Works . and itin- rant verseoiaktr, returned from- London, xvhii her lie had voyaged to -float. a oan of £2.0C0,C00. February 1st Mr. James llunro. the late Agent-General for the colony, ind a leading teetotaller arid, code - palace . promoter, filed his ebednle, showing a ieficiency of - £59,106. Further retrench ment was etarted m the Public Service during this month. On 9th March, the Anglo- Australian Bank Criminals wore found guilty and sentenced to various teima of imprisonment. In this month also the Mercantile Bank prosecntiona oegan. and after protraetcd hearings- at: thn tower courts, Matthew Davies and Frederick Millidge were committed for trial for con spiracy on Friday, 12th May. On the 27th mst. Matthew and Mrs. Daviee sailed by the German mail steamer Salter for Colnmbo, but eventually he returned to the province in compauy with Detective Whitner, who had been lent on his tracks. On the 29th of the same month application tor a Grand Jury wte made and adjourned It was reviewed on the 30th and granted. Snbscqnently a true bill was louiid by the graud jury against the two accused, but when in AuguBt the proceedings were called on in the higher court, the accused ware discharged, and the presentment quashed on the grounds that an alien consti tuted one of the grand jury, and as such was ineii/ible as a juror. Proceeding! were com- mencd de novo in spite of legal blockadera, and :he accused were one? more committed for trial, which if ail gees well will come on this year. The sweating eTil was brought under the notice of the Premier by n large deputation under the auspices of the Piotection and Libi-ial Federal League who waited on that gentleman on 18th April. Their miuion was tn bring under his notice the existence of the above- named evil in factories. So far a tbe clothing trade is concerned this evil is toe coitain extent bronght about by the restric tions of trie Fact'-ries' Act., which under one of its conditions provides for 550 cnbic feet of space in each factory or workshop. This has proved ruinous to small employers, and the consequence is that Jew sweaters who employ Europen labor, receive the work from the limited tradesmen. The majority of master tailors have now only small rooms for tbey argue that they cannot or will not comply with the Act. The registration fee is saved tor one thing, and further those whom ths trade dub " Inquisitive Inspectors " are eturiid. Then the masters do not care about taking on apprentices of either sex ae a doctor's certificate is reqnired at to theu physicial condition. The latter requirement also acts as a barrier to a poor man with several children whom he may be desirous of apprenticing, for each certificate costs half-s- crown. The sum may neem small, but it is required for actual necessaries. The inspectors are net stringent enough in their action towards employers iu the matter of an allowance of a permit for overtime. This causes overcrowding in the workrooms at busy times. If the inspector does find fault then the employer dischargee several hands and gives out the work to sweaters, and so the State unwittingly aids and abets tbe evil. Not long ago in one large leading firm the preasers were offered the privilege of working piecework for one busy week. Twenty per ctnt. was; to be taken off their wages for this privilege, bnt themen didn't eee it, for they fourid they could only have worked their ustial quantum had they been on their weekly wage. It may be asked why the employers demanded the 20 per cent, concession. The answer is that the manager of the " making- np " : department received a bonus, ami pocket the sum he bled the workers of. But throughout the clothing trade business has been dull, and the houses iu Flinders-lane have received a notification irom home that the credit system will in future be limited to four months only. Hence the warehousemen will have to take less credit and give less to cuitoinersi Under these circumstances sweat ing is rampant. The shoddy importer and the calico jemmy in. Victoria is doomed anyways aud it is to be trusted that his doom means the boom in the manufacture of local fabrics, The iron-workers have suffered, hut the boot trade has shown signs of improvement luring the latter part ef the year. In iS93 there were 2,242 factories, and taking the average- for the year the number of employes would have fallen to nearly 40,000. In 1892 the figures were 2,443 factories employing 40,319 at an estimate. 0 