THE MAN THAT CAMKFIJSL S FROM HEAYU.V. (Br T. BEESOX.) Our blessed Lord speaks oMW world always as One wlio had been in ft 86 ® who was reporting experiences ^T * 41 giving forth opinions. His knowledm. ** - the knowledge of One wbo dwelt Father, and left the house in order tl and bring back his wandering brethrm was His own calm home, His habitat; f ^ eternity; and therefore He could t^0® with decisiveness, .with sympli ci tv assurance ail which we need to know' the geography of that unknown la„H ? plan of tbat nnvisited house. Evo™^" 4 r * - ^"erytbiDpheaven prepared by Jesus. He the designer of it." Everything*^ » reflects Jesus ; He is tbe soul ofV a things in heaven praise Jesus; JJ e - king of it. For by him were all created, that are in heaven, and tlmt - earth visible and invisible whether th"* t thrones or dominions, or principaliti^ powers all things were created, ty W * for him." •! ' 1 •U •' In My Father's house" simple Wnr,,. the best clothing for the latest ^utl / 1 .? yet, in the quiet words, so plain ^ simplest apprehension, there lie great tmil? far deeper than we yet have i 1 aud which will enfold themselvL ^ H in their majesty and their greatoess tbS out eternity. Think for a mtWut'oU sweet and familiar-tbe thought of heaven the Father's house makes it to ue jw V something awful even to the best'andul! souls, in the thought of death and of the glories beyond. ;But how it , softened when we eay " AIv Father's ho,,,,. This great and lovely name for heavo, hu its deepest meaning in the manifestation*!!! presence of God as Father, and the BeiS consciousness of sonsbip, the happy nni 'tj all the saved children iu one great famifr • I. Our Lord's mission here was to'Vestm. union between heaven and earth thtth travelled away from it. Earth was « pariu from heaven by sin, an (impassible ,™ „• wroth roils in the midchancel bet»» Christ Jesus is the way that bridges tE deep sea, that reunites heaven and Hew shall I get to heaven 1 and His is, " There is only one -way, aud that m! spans tbe chasm, one end of the war lit Jacob's ladder, standing at every w door; the other end of the way, like & same glorious ladder, touching -the Tm throne of God, and enabling them tba* u here in this realm of exile to reach tbe ii ven tbat Christ has gone to make readv K all that come to tbe Father by " j, came not to lift , tbe heavy veil of heaven & much as to lift the heary veil of daitnq, from the path, to make the way clear w simple to the Father's house. He yZ truth, example and pattern, follow Known him as a friend, not as a ine— la toricai person, or with mere bead kno-IiA. but a personal Saviour. Many prefer to think of heaven rill; than the w*y to it, but the city cannot l, reached by the aiuner without the stag travelling the road with tbe sinner's Frwi Christian and Hopeful came to a " hv-pui meadow." They wished the way we, easier and more pleasant, and so when tlw came to the stile which led into a main through which was a path apparently tato in the same d rectiou as thexoad. Chnstiu thought they might try it, and proposed t, go over the stile. ' HopeTiii "was afraid j inigbt lead them out of tlie way; lm[ t Christian thought otherwise, aud as' he m himself tbe younger, be consented to a with' bis companion. Scarcely had they m fairly ou their new way when they fdl u with Vain-Confidence, cf whom the, inquired if this way led to the celestial cSi, and by whom they were informed tlieyvot all right. • They forgot to iouk atD* instructions tbey bad got. Night soon a® on. and iKey were in great perpldsr, v am-Donfideuee, who was leading fell intoii deep pit which had Iwen made there u, top to catch the vain-glorious, and sellW tidaut, and was dashed to pieces in the ill. Warned by the sound of the fall, they hafet and began to suspect tbat they had astray. Beware of the earlier and pleasant by-paths, for if lieaveu is lost lost forever. The way that leads to the city hast, posts and upon each sign post there written in legible characters such " Follow thou ine," *: Repent, and be tised every one of you iu the name of Christ for .the remission of sins, and ye receive the gift of the Holy Ghost!' either take Christ fcr the way or wanto the wilderness and be lost to : tlie Fatiwi house. It is either, take Christ for truth, or be driven with tbe wind tossed with the illusions of time and seiw. • II. Let us begin with the test of a believer; and let each one put hinuell the scale tbat be may .fcnow hisl&A; When Christ bestows converting gran expects confessing grace on- our 'Whosoever shall confess me before him I witt also-confess before Jly ' Fubr which ,- B in heaven." The secret tool faith m the-heart is not enough without visible trunk and fruit-bearing brands. Ao one is the better for these danfeaa Christens, who try to steal along tomii heaven on tip toe lest somebody disrate them. This miserable style of life. \V not affirm that no one can be saved who not openly confess and join the Chrisda Church ; but we do affirm that every spent by a truly converted mm or vow outside the Church of Christ is all day lost. 