A S H O R T STORY. Robber Bears at San Mateo. By Nathan D. Urner. 5a the early days of the Colorado gold fever it would "have been difficult to make the inhabitants of the little Mexican village of Puebla (now Puebla City) boliere that Captain Vasco, tbe famous bandit chieftain • of the San Mateo range, was not intelligently 1 and effectually assisted in bis successful dc-! fiance of efforts to capture him, by all the i bears, black, brown, cinnamon and grizzly, | of the wild, wooded region and rock-piled | heights contiguous to his mountain fast- ; v 1 ncf<s. Indeed, sharers in this seemingly absurd huli'jf were not wanting among the soldiers and scouts ftt the neighboring fort; and 1 there was, after all, some foundation in fact, for the superstition. • The bears had been seen mingling freely with the desperadoes in the thick of the '• fight, during the 'asi stand against ilio troopers, and contributing immensely to tbe ; victory. On all-fours or erect, armed with ciio-ino!;s knotted branches torn from trees, I or with only their claws pawing amid the 1 denp snows of the higher precipices, and , sending down avalanches upon the heads of j the luckless assailants, their E a rage and phenomenal appearance had struck super- , natural terror to the would-be bandit ester- , initiators, and caused the attack to be relinquished in panic aud dismay. At least, such was the burden of the reports, and there was enough foundation in tiu-se to afford room for any number of exag- ] geratioiis, which the robbers were willing enough to turn to their account. Hut it was reserved for maiden purity nnd innocence to probe the dread mystery to the core. These qualities were combined in the porpon of Lsa, or Isadora, Mahlana, an ignorant | but vary beautiful young blanket-weaver of J Puebla, where the serapes, or Mexican blankets, produced by her old aunt Manuela and herself were unrivalled for their durability, the brilliancy of their parti-colored stripes, or their ducks'-back capacity of shedding water. As a matter of course, Isa bad admirers in plenty, for she was as amiable as she was charming; but her favored admirer was Jim Scannell, a brare young hunter-scout in the military employment. One blight winter morning, as Isa was on her way over the mountain trail on her fleet Bnow-shoeB, and warmly muffled against the driving winds, she encountered her lover making bis way to the fort, and carrying on his broad shoulders the carcase of a fat, black-tailed doe, which he-had that morning shot at tbe salt-licks of the Blue Water Canyon. Which way, Isa?" he asked, his eyes dancing at the eight of her as he threw down bis burden for a loTe-chat that was always in order with him. " Not over Long Trail, Barely?" " Yes, Santiago," responded her delicious voice—she mostly Bpanishised his given name thus—" to my uncle's at San Felipe. We are out of red and grey wools, and they must be had or our loom will be idle." " To San Felipe !" cried the scout. «• Yon mnst not go, Isa—at least, not until I can go with you." " I have no choice, Santigo." And a melting look in her deep eyes told how gladly she would have had his escort. " But it is madness. The trail skirts the worst fastness of Vasco and his band, and there's a chance of a fight to-day. A squad set out to reconnoitre before daybreak, with half a regiment of Mexican volunteers to back them. Besides, you might meet some of Vasco'e bears." And he ended with a short laugh, though earneEt enough in his protest. Isa gave a little shudder, but she was not wholly fearful. " I most go, Santiago, Vasco.or no Vasee," said shei smiling. "And as for the bears, ynu forget that Captain JoBe was my poor father's friend, which would stand me in good stead." Scannell'8 face grew troubled. He did not forget that Isa's "poor father" had been a robber-captain, into whose shoes Jose Vasco had stepped? at the time of the former's violent death. Neither did he forget—still mors maddening reflection I—that it had been cut and dried between the former bravo and his lieutenant that Isadora was one day to be the latter's wife. " Don't cross the Long Trail to-day," he persisted. " There is always danger when Vasco is abroad. I am on duty at the fort to-day, and to- tnorrow we make an attack on the outlaws. But after that I can accompany yon to San Felipe." " I am not afraid. Besides, I have no choice. We have seven blankets promised, our looms are idle for lack of tbe scarlet wools, and an old Manuela would be frantitf were I to return without them. Good-bye, Santiago J" She turned up the mountain; and he saw she was not to be dissuaded. " What is the matter, dearest ? Is that the way we separate V As she paused in pretended surprise, he uprnng after her for the good-bye kiss. Hardly had she struggled, laughing and blushing, out of his arms, before a dark face —a handsome face, too, but just then distorted with jealous hatred—peered out from an overhanging rock, and was gone in a flash. And then the young girl was springing away up the trail, kissing her hand merrily to her lover until he disappeared. The way to San Felipe was a good nine milrs ever the mountains, and much of it through many of the wildest haunts of the robber-band. But the snow was well crusted, the deeper drifts could be avoided, and Isa, who was well used to snow-shoe travelling, flitted, glided, or bounded swiftly along the route, with which she had been more or less familiar from her childhood, and with only an occasional timid glance about her, as 6be was passing under Lns Pinos de Diablo [the De v i l's Pi nes ], a partly-fores ted, snow-choked steep, out of which tbe bears were said to issue at critical moments in response to the robber-captain's summons. She reached her destination without mishap. obtained her wools from the industrious Indians there, and, after enjoying a little lunch, was on her homeward road, with refilled strength and a hopeful heart. But she had hardly repassed under the frowning brow of the Devil's Pines, when there was a low call, in imitation of a coyote's yelp, from the thicket to her left. She stopped in terror as a powerfullybuilt, picturesque ruffian made his appearance, with a warning gesture, and Jose Vasco, the dreaded robber captain, was in her path. " Daughter of my old comrade and captain," said he, with a smile, " 'tis not long since we have met, but you have grown lovelier and lovelier. You are sweeter than marriage- bells unto a hope too long deferred, my flower 1" Isadora strove to appear indifferent, though too much terrified to speak. The last time she had met this man ws! nearly'three years before, at her father's death-bed. Solemn words had then been said by hei father, pledging her as this man's fufurt bride. She even remembered him to have compelled her to clasp hands with Jose across his body, while he muttered a sealing benediction with his dying lips. But that was all. It was more like th< recollection of a hideous dream than aught else. She had hoped that Jnse had either for gotten all about the miserable troth plight or would never care to demand its fulfil ment. Indeed, she never thought of him a willi n f-nlirtr of hn>ror • BTVI Ttnvr— weV mipht she turn pale and catch hei breath at the unmistakable meaning of those greeting words ; at the fervent gaze of those gloomy and remorseless eyes 1 Angered at her scarcely-conc aled repulsion, no lesB than inflamed by her beauty-^ 1 which was perhaps enhanced by her trepidation—he lost no time in letting her know that }ie had forgotten nothing, but regarded her as irrevocably bound to him. " Why do you not speak to me, little one ?" he at last exclaimed. " Shall yon not be ready when I send to old Manuela for your band, as I shall most assuredly, soon as I have given those troublesome blue-coats at the fort, their final quietus? Or do you contemplate treachery—disobedience to those death-bed vows?" And his brow darkened, while his teeth glistened like a wolf's between his bearded lips. Isa could still only clasp ber handB and tremble.' *' Is it that I have a rival, girlt Speak, I say I" " No, no, no ( Ah, of what are you thinking, Jose?" And she stammered forth other evasions, more or less incoherent. Qe interrupted her with a diabolical laugh. "What a poor little deceiver yon are! You should take pattern from your elders, or stick to the truth. Scannell, the American, is your lover. I witnessed your adieus —yon were in his arm3 at the foot of the trail." In the midst of her confusion there was a look of astonishment that be well underitood. " And yet he died not in his tracks, with a bullet in his heart,'* he wept on. •« Well, your surprise is natural, my dear; for my carbine covered him, my finger was on the trigger, but I spared him. Would you know the reason 1 spared him, little one ?" She bowed her pale face. " Perhaps he has forgotten me; but he saved my life once at the risk of his own. !t was in a wild brawl at El Paso. He was both generous and brave. 3ose Vasco never forgets." She breathed more freely, but bis next words chilled her afresh. " But think not that I would resign you. I would not assassinate him from ambush ; but when tbe time comes he must give you up or die. Those soldiers are fools. I am impregnable here." He made a proud and comprehensive gesture. " Our fastness is inaccessible, and even the, fierce bears, the savage boasts of the wilds, are our auxiliaries." This was said so simply that Isadora's last doubts as to the bear Etories in current belief were dissipated, and she viewed him with superstitious fear. Suddenly a bugle sounded from somewhere far up the heightB, and he started. Ha I it is the warning blast I" he exclaimed. " Can a fresh attack be meditated ?" ne tightened his belt, which literally bristled with revolvers, and shifted the carbine that was slung behind Iiis shoulder. «• Come, I Rball claim you in good Beaton ; but a kiss before we part." A kiss! and for him f She shrank back, appalled. He clutched her wrist, the evil light, kindling in his dark face like an angry meteor. But at that instant there sounded a rattling volley from both above and below the height, and ohe was saved the threatened kiss. " Good-bye f I shall claim you in good time." He waved his hand, springing among the slippery rocks with the celerity of a mountain goat, and disappeared among the trees. Then Isadora, shrinking & little further from the open trail, stood still in a sort of fascination, for she had never seen an armed struggle, and one was in progress under her very eyes. Firing as they climbed, swarmed the boys in blue, with their Mezican contingent hurrahing enthusiastically on either wine. The robbers gallantly returned tbe volleys with irregular firing from the timber line, evsjn hurrying down fearlessly to meet the charge. And the spell-bound girl could mark their leader in the van, no leBS bravely conspicuous than was the young West Pointer who encouraged the attack with his waving sword. A thrill of gladness filled the girl's veins as she saw the robbers beaten back, leaving more than one prostrate man in their retreat, while the disciplined soldiers and their allies slowly bnt surely followed them up. But at this juncture the young girl witnessed a sight almost incredible, notwithstanding that her superstition might have in some measure prepared her for it. The robbers suddenly disappeared, as if by magic, their places being apparently taken bv trrops of savage bears, which issued from the pines with ferocious snarls aud cries,and at once set up such a novel "form of resistance at-d counter-attack as filled the storming party with terror and dismay. Erect, with massive bludgeons in their grasp, pawing araid the white drifts on allfours, or merely showing their formidable teeth and brandishing their mighty claws, tbey began to Iooscsn the clinging snowbeaps and hurl them thundering down upon the assailants' hea>?s with a force and precision truly terrific; and this wis but a mask for the bullets of tbeir huma^ allies, which at the same tirae began to rain again, with more or less disastrous effect, from the cover of the copses in their rear. Tbe soldiers had coma to a dead halt, puzzled and astounded by tbe grotesqueness of it all, and thiB hesitation was fatal to their Biiterprise. The next moment tl e entire volunteer continent, which constituted more than four-fifths of the attacking force, broke and fled down tbe mountain in an agony of panic, throwing away their guns, and giving utterance to frightened screams and yells. The cowardly example was *90.much for the discipline of the regulars—a mere handful. at tlie most. The panie became a contagion, and, though retiring with some show of order, they a^so gave up the fight, the rant becoming general. « Isadora, who had w;tTiess°d everything from her little nook of co&ctilment;, buried ber face in her bands. But when she looked again it to witness another spectacle, which seized to alter the entire tenor of her mortificafciee and fears. One of the bears,having missed its footing oif the icy steep, came tumbling, plunging, and rolling head over heels past her retreat, betraying much of the secret of his soldierly intelligence in his unstudied sprawls, and at the same time uttering the strangest expressions of rage and disgust that had ever yet proceeded from a real bear. It was a revelation; and, with her superstitious terrors no longer an incentive, the voung girl darted ont upon the trail and fled away with all the swiftness that her supple nimbleness couid evoke from her snow-shoe expertness. Out of breath, but still joyous over ber treasured discovery, she arrived at o'd Manuela's adobe hut before sundown, and then lost no time in hurrying to the fort. " Where is Santiago Scannell ?" she demanded of one of tbe sentries. " I have a secret for him. I must see him right away." All the garrison were in a surly mood, foi the defeat of the reconnoitring party had j ust been made known. But the man whom she addressed, and who was well aware of the scout's love-affair, laughed as he informed her that Jim was off on a hunting expedition, and would hardly return before day. break, when he was to guide a general at tack upon the robbers, then to be made ii considerable force. " Ah, I shall have to wait," said Isa, dig appointedly ; bnt do tell him for me not fo go away again without seeing me." " It ain't likely that he would in «n; case, 18a," replied the sentry, with anothe good-natured laugh; for the beautifu blanket-maker was a favorite everywhere and there wasn't a member of the garrisoi that didn't wish Scout Jim joy of his wooing But I shail see your message delivered all the same." Bright and early, indeed, before sun-up, the next morning, Jim was at tbe old Slauuela'B cottage, aud it took but a moment ror the girl to place him in possession of her discovery. The scout's blue eyes opened to their widest capacity, and then, catching Isa in his arms, he shouted a wild hurrah, while rainiag his kisses upon her blushing face. " You don't say so I" he exclaimed. " What I the great bear trick nothing more than a dodge—a masquerade of robbers in bear skins 1" She nodded. " Hurrah 1 the superRtition is nipped in the bud 1 Even the greasers won't run away again. We'll lick them out of their boots, aud the giving away of this secret on my part will gain me promotion as chief scout of tbe department, with double my present pay 1" " Oh, Santiago, I am so glad 1" And Isa clasped her hands, the happy tears glistening in her dark eyes. " LLten, dear. You know that snug little ranch of mine on the San Juan?" * Another nod. " Would you like to be there—as my wife, of course?" " Oh, Santiago t" And tbe happy tears made way for happy blushes now. " Good I Have the old woman make you ready forthwith, for we shall be married next Sunday. That is the day after tomorrow, which will be two days after today's scrimmage, which is destined to wipe out Vasco and hia entire band, big and little bears included I" " Oh, Santiago I You forget I" and the brightness began to fade out of the sweet face. "My father himself was a robbercaptain ; and " "No matter 1" cried Scannell, once more catching her to his breast. " Is it your father's ghost or your precious, darling self that I would take to my home and heart ? Good-bye, and God keep you till my return I 4 But a last kiss firetT'and he was gone. '' That was a fiuttcriaj; day for the pretty little blanket-weaver, »>-oh as she had not known, or perhaps dreamed of, in the whole course of her existence. A day of days, a day of love, suspense and hope, such as, once at least in a lifetime, is the rich-set jewel of every budding maiden heart, be it high or low, opulent or poor, refined or coarse, tutored or ignorant—a priceless day, henceforward to be treasured in unfailing memory. But it passed, as other days must pass, as dreams must pass; and soon after the first news came in that tbe robbers had been completely whipped out of their boasted fastness, resulting in the extermination of a majority of the band, including Vasco, their chief, and the capture of the rest, Isa was Gobbing for joy on her lover's hreast. "Ah, dearest, it was almost a picnic for ns this time J" he exclaimed, when recounting the events of the fight. " Tbe secret &t; the bear-skins was not generally mada known amongst us until. juBt before the storming of the steep, aud its effect upon tbe men was magical. Why, even the greasers, as if shamefaced and maddened at the recollection of their superstitious fears, charged up among the rocks with the best of us, and when the rascals ran out their bears it was for the last time, I can tell you." We rushed right among them before they could set tbeir avalanches moving, shooting 'em down right end left, and as the bear-skins were intended to frighten rather than to hurt— were, in fact, more of an incumbrance to their wearers than anything else—tbey were taken completely by surprise, and made scarcely any resistance. By Jupiter I those bear-skins must have been saved up from the hunts of half a dozen generations, and I'm betting high there's not one of 'em left but what is too riddled for future service of any sort. Tben, having disposed of the bears, we ruBhed through the pines, driving out the rest of the robbers, who didn't stop running till the last ridge of San Mateo range was reached, where they made their last stand, the bigger pait of 'em dying in their tracks." " And Joae—Vaaeo himself 1 He also was Blain, they say." " Yes ; he foiight like the game bravo te was. But, before he died, I recognised him as a chap whose life I saved in El Paso some some years ago, and who sort of chummcd with me for a short time afterwards. Perhaps he recognised me, too. Anyway, as he sank back he fixed his eyes upon me,gasping out in Spanish, '.It's as well_ as it is, old comrade, since the same trail could, no longer have carried the pair of us!' and then he was gone. Of course, I couldn't imagine what he meant, but it matters little one way or the other." Isadora, who understood better than he, and who had told nothing of her encounter with Vasco on the preceding day, merely buried her face on her lover's shoulder, shudderingly thankful that the fierce eyeB of the bandit chief could come no more between her and her heart's love. "Ah, thank Heaven you are safe returned I" was all she could murmur; "and thank Heaven that you love me !" Tbey were married on the following Sunday, as the scout had declared they should be, and soon after went to live on Scanner's snug ranch, where it may be that tbey are living in happiness at the present day. 