THOU ART THE MAN. f BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XXX. "BOB IB NOT GOD ALL-HIGHTXf" Brandon MOnntford had been lying in hia quiet grave at Rothesay for some weeks when the yaoht wbioh should have carried him to summer ehoree was ready to leave the ship builder's yard j and it seemed to Lady Dun luoe that there conld be no more useless toy than the boat which she had built for his sake, and whioh his eyes had never looked upon. All John Ooverdale's powers of persuasion were needed to awaken her from the apathy of grief into whioh she had sunk, and to induoe her to start on a oruise for her own benefit— but, warmly seoonded by Oora, his arguments finally prevailed, and before the spring was over the Esperanoe was sailing southward with Lady Dunluje, Oora, and Lady Selina, and two young cousins naval and military, by way of escort. The spinster aunt had swooped down from a great house in the North Riding, wjjere she had been making a very long visit to one of her wealthiest nieces,' a lady with a large heart and a populous nursery, and with whom Aunt Selina was an esteemed authority upon all juvenile ailments. Life on board the Esperanoe afforded a pleasant relief from the atmosphere of measles, whopping cough, and humdrum country people at Waddingly Park, and Lady Selina resigned herself to the loss of a London season — thereby putting money in her purse — while she en joyed the doles far niente in Sioiiian waters, or in the Greek Arohipelago. And eo the spring months passed away, and in J une Lady Dunluoe and her party landed at Genoa, leaving the yaoht to go round to Marseille* inoharge of the naval cousin, to be berthed there till her next oruise, and the three ladies settled quietly at Bellsgio till the end of the month, when Lady Salina went baok to England, and Sibyl and Oora moved northward to the Tyrol for July, August, and September, only returning to Cumberland in October, Then oame the long quiet winter, with friends fit and few, and for their most frequent visiter John Coverdale, from his oure of souls at Workington, where he was d<«ing good service among a-crowded mining population. It was a comfort both to Sibyl and Oora in those quiet days of autumn and early winter to know that Hubert Urquhart was nob living at Dunluoe Oastle. He had indeed been there very littlesinoehecame into his estate. He was not popular in the neighbourhood; and he had frankly expressed his hatred of place and people. He had spent the winter after his brother's death at Monte Oarlo, where he achieved all he desired of famebyhis suooeas in pigeon-shooting — and the aooiety papers reported that he was at Monte Oarlo this winter, also that he had been laid up in Paris during the whole of November, and had been operated npon by a famous French surgeon, the nature of the operation not being stated. A letter from Lady Selina, who had been dis sipating in the brief gaieties of a November season, informed her nieoe that Lord Dun luce had been suffering from a tumour on the faoe, which was likely to cause life-long disfi gurement, and the people at Monte Oarlo found him very mnoh altered from last season. An enquiry at the Castle, made personally by Mr. Orlebar, confirmed this account. His lordship had been very ill, and was still an invalid. He was expeoted to spend the rest of the winter at Monte Carlo, where he had taken a small villa near the Casino. " He is your father, Oora, and you may con sider it your duty to go to him in his afflic tion," Sibyl said gravely, when she and Oora had heard Mr. Orlebai's report. " He is my father; but I recognise no duty where he is concerned—except the duty of silenoe," Cora answered, with a look bo grave and resolute that Lady Dunluoe felt that there was no more to be said. She knew enough of Coralie TJrquhart by this time to know that the girl was not heart less, and that her repudiation of all filial duty must needs be based upon some suffioient reason. There was nothing flippant or reokless in the daughter's manner. She dismissed the subjeot sternly with solemn decision of purpose, as a Roman daughter might have done. Brooding over the girl's oonduct, Sibyl Dunluoe arrived at the conclusion that Oora had summed up the etory of Mary Arnold's death, and believed her father to be the murderer. Some cause as .grave and as terrible wonld alone jnstify her line of oon i duct. It was a shock for the nerves of both women when they heard early in the year that Lord Dunluee was at the Oastle. He had been brought there marked for death. Mr. Dewsnap told Lady Dunluoe one afternoon early in March, when they met beside a cottager's siok bed about a week after the 1 Earl's return. " Is the oase really hopeless t" she aBked. " I fear so. All that surgery oan do for him has been done in Paris and here. The last.word has been said. I saw him this morn iDg. I see bim three or fonr times a day, but there is nothing for me to do exoept regulate the amount of morphia that is given to bim. He has excellent numes. Dr. Sanders oomes from Edinburgh every third day; but soience oau do no more for him, and the only hope of rest and relief is the inevitable end of all tbingB. Life oan be nothing bnt a burden to him, yet he olings to life with almost frantio intensity." " Has he ever spoken to you of his daugh ter ?" Lady Dunluoe asked when Bhe and the | doctor had left the oottage, .and were walking along thB village street together. I "No. The greater part of his days and nights are spent under the influence of nar | ootioa, and the realities of life outBide his own room affeot him very little. Heatks for no friend, cares very little who waits upon him, values his nnrtes for their skill and nothing else. He told me this morning that there was a time when he wanted fresh young faces about him—pretty faces for ehoice—but that now he would have Gorgons to wait npon him if the Gorgont were even a shade oleverer nurses than the pretty younga women. He is very often in a state of aemi-delirinm, and enacts hideous tragedies in a kind of waking dream— a common symptom when the brain is steeped in morphia." "Unhappy creature! Then there is no hope for him ? He must die." " He must die. And in hie osse no one can regret the inevitable end, einoe it is the only j possible release from suffering." Sibyl wrote au acoount of this interview inn i letter to John Ooverdale. " Fray go to him, and if you can turn hie thoughts to God, and persuade him to confess his sins it will be one more good work done," | she wrote. Her desire was obeyed, and it was not pos sible for a Christian priest to approaob the I bed of suffering with more kindliness and dis cretion than marked John Ooverdale's visit to | Lord Dunluoe. The two men had met in the j pub, and Mr, Corerdale entered the sick room %i * friend; bat here friendliness was of no avail. The sufferer treated him with savage, insolence and ordered him oat of the room. " I knovr year craft," faemuttered. ".Yon sneak to my bedside under the guise of friend ship—a man with whom I never had one thought or feeling in oommon,and presently you will bring a little biaok took ont.of -your pocket, and drop on your knees and pray me into worse horrors than those 1 suffer now. I don't, want you or your mumto jumbo, your Abracadabra. Go to your starring miners, and wash your wornout jargon down their throats with soup and wine—they'll swallow; one thins with the other—but don't oome here. Johnstone, show that gentleman the door, and if that won't do throw hun downstairs. I've no use for him here." He laughed a hoarse and spasmodio iangb at the Amerioan slang whioh closed bisspeeoh. His eyes were deeply sunk in the wasted faoe. Forehead and oheek were livid, and all the lower part of the face was hidden by bandages. Lazarus ooming out of the tomb was the image which flashed into JohnOoverdale'smindashe looked in sorrowful reproach at that dreadful face, a wioked Lazarus with malignity burn ing in those sunken eyes—a Lazarus sum moned, not out of the grave's dreamless slumber, but out of hell-fire. Mr. Goverdale told Lady Dunluce that his visit had been ineffectual, but he told her nothing more. He would not Badden her by any description of that bed of doom. "It needs something higher than human influence to touah that hardened heart," he said. " We oan but leave the sinner to hie God. The only death-bed repentance that is not a sham and a mookery is the repentance that oomes from within — not from without. The sinner may find God in his own heart even after he has mocked at Christ's message from the lips of the priost. Iii was more than a week after thia when a letter waa brought to Lady Dunluqe, Bitting alone in the March twilight. The note had been|di hvered by a groom from OunluceOaetle, who was to wait for her ladyship's answer before he rode back. She told the servant to return in a few minutes, when her answer would be ready, and then she went to the window to read her letter by the fading daylight, while the foot man lighted the lamp on her writing table. The envelope was addressed in a strange hand, the letter was written in pencil, and except that it was on thiok vellum paper headed with the Ca9tle addreBs it was almoBt as unoanny a scrawl as that whioh the ragged messenger threw into her lap on the moor. "The dootora tell ine my end is near. Ton have suspeoted and hated me for the last, twelve years. It may gratify you to know that you had reason. Oome and hear my full Confession, and if you want to bear it oome at onoe. My life is like a thin little flame in a spirit lamp—sustained by strong stimulants, and will soon vanish into darkness. Don't be afraid that you will hear the puling and whimpering of a death-bed repentanoe. I believe in neither pardon nor pity. I die the victim of an inexorable scheme of Creation, whioh inoludes the horrors of diseases that, torture and kill, damnable maladies whioh no human skill can oure. Do yon tbink that any man, doomed as I am doomed, is likely to go out of this life .listening to twaddle about Divine benefioenoe 1" " I shall be with you as soon as my carriage can bring me." These words were written hastily, and thrust into an envelopeae the servant re-entered the room to reoeive Lady Dunluoe's order for her ooaohman. The light phaeton, with a pair of horses, was to be got- ready immediately. " Lady Cora has not uome in yet, I sup pose 1" "No, my lady." i " When she comes, be sure Bhe is told that j I have been sent for to the Castle. She is not to wait dinner," Cora, who had taken very kindly to riding since she oame to Ellerslie, and who ha'd been monnted in the beBt Btyle by her aunt's liberal care, wae out with the hounds. Cora was a, success in the hunting field, where light bands, a neat waist, and indomitable pluck, tempered with common sense, scored almost as high as a handsome faoe. Beauty blunder ing over a hound, or tieauty getting in the WAy at a gate is not altogether preoious to the sportsman. The deep shadow of night was round the gaunt grey fortress, the darker shadow of death was lh the room, when Sibyl Dnnlnoe approaobed the siok bed, and seated herself silently in the place whioh the nurse indi oated—a large armohair at the bead of the bed, beBide thoBe heaped up pillows from whioh the ghastly faoe looked out, white as the linen with whioh it was bandaged, pinched by the invisible hand whioh had set its mark upon every feature. " Leave me alone with Lady Dunluoe." The voioe was hollow and muffled, utterly changed from the metallio hardness of Hubert TJrquhart's enunciation. The two white-capped nurses -vanished through a curtained door that opened into Lord Duoluoe'e dressing-room—where all the paraphernalia ol the eportsman's toilet had been swept away to give space for the appa ratus of eioknesB—kettles, and sauoepans, and spirit lamps, new inventions for oomfort or relief, extravagant in prioe and infinitesimal in value to the sufferer—contrivances tried once, perhaps, and never tried again — the dreary dotails in the history of failure whioh is beinp realized—the failure before whioh the physician owns himself an experimentalist, and the eurgeon confesses that his utmost skill oan only postpone the inevitable end. Hubert Urqubsrt looked at hie -brother's widow with a oynical smile—a smile on lips oontraoted by pain. " I thought my letter would fetob you," he said. " You have come to see God's judgment upon a sinner. You remember how Herod the king was eaten of worms and gave np the i ghost—an example of God's judgment, swift and sharp—a ready-money vengeance. And yon think that this foul leprosy whioh is kill ing me is God's judgment upon murder. Bosh, Lady Dunhice, Clerical spnffle! There are good men and women all over the world | doomed just as I am doomed—with pain as lingering—with a fate as hopeless—Christians I of purest water, shining lights in the darkness of this world—suffering just as I suffer. When you and suoh as you talk of them you give your God praise for the blessed example of ] their affliotion, and reoognise the ineffable i wisdom tbat tortures and kills. You see me •trioken down and you exalt God the Avenger. You see no inconsistency in the hand that strikes the wolves and lambs with the same rod. Come, own that your heart burns with triumph at seeing this living wreck which I still call ME. A few hours henoe the undertakers will be talking of IT." " I am bb sorry for you as I can be, remem bering what Brandon Mountford suffered." " He suffered—why, his life was a life of ease and comfort—bis ten dull years were no worse than one dull afternoon — measured avainet what I have suffered in the last six months. Don't waste your pity upon an epileptio, whose convulsions may be ugly to look at, but leave no memory, infliot no pain upon the patient. Heenfferl Seep your pity for the men whose tortured oomoiotumeei no narootio can annihilate—whose sleep has been peopled and a pan oat into Beaming eternity by dreams of indescribable horror. And where do yon think' those dreamt took me, Lady Duniuoe—what do yon anppoee waa the almost invariable background of those hideous phantasies 1" "The wood where you killed Marie Arnold?" she answered,her eyeB looking into bis, as he sat up in the bed, grasping her hand with his clammy fingers,-and bringing hia ban daged face near hers, so that she might hear the feeble voioe. " Yon are good at guessing. Yes, that is the plaoe where the morphia fiend leads me. He takes me by the hand—a little black devil with a mookinggrin—his skinny handblutohes mine, and he drags me to the wood ; and she is there—lovely and cruel as she waa that evening—in the golden sunset. Oh, God, how beautiful her eyes were with that golden light refleoted in their velvet darknete. How oold, how ornel. Snoh bitter aoathing words— hatred of me—love of your lover—hatred that turned to'-loathing. when I drew ber to my breast, and kisaed her reluctant lips, and tried to make her understand that paationate love like mine was to be valued-or to be feared; that if she would not have me for her husband, and take ber ohanoe of my doing well in life, and making a great iady of her, I would be revenged on her somehow. A love like mine was not to be trifled with any more than a raging fire. But she waa so bold, and eo proud. She flung me off with her atrong young arms. She laughed et my patsidn and my threats. She accused me of only wanting Sir Joseph's money—not really oaring for her. She was so atrong, euoh a grand oreature in her strength and beauty. And I bad a knife in my breast pocket—Mountford's knife which I had. borrowed a day or two before—and olutohing at my breast, beside myself with passion, I felt the knife, and remembered that it was there. You oan guess the rest. Yon may remember that I was late for dinner, bat that I sat down with you and your father, and was wanting in no observance of a gentle man. It was not till a long time afterwards that yon began to enspect me." Sibyl heard him in silence, and remained silent dow when the bloodless lingers loosened from her band, and be sank back among (be pillows, exhausted by the most sustained effort that be bad made for a long time. Bis breatb osme and went in hoarse pant ings, bis wan bands moved restlessly upon the ooverlet, and those haggard bloodshot eyes rolled wildly in their orbits as he looked at Sibyl's white agonised face. " Have you nothing to Bay.?" be gasped at length, " Nothing. God help you in this dark end of yonr wioked life." " "X ou are not surprised at my confession ?" " No, no. I knew yon were the murderer. I have been convinced of that for a long ttme. Tou broke my father's heart; shortened hia life. Tou spoilt Brandon's lifo and mine. And your viotim, that young bright life, there never was a orueller murder. What good oan I do here? Pray to God for pardon. What I think or feel oan matter nothing to you. Toucan restore nothing, undo nothing." " No; the past is past. I cannot bring Marie Arnold back to life. I would have ' given twenty years of my life to undo that— twenty yeare, did I say ?—I would have given all that was left of my life for one day with her—to die, knowing that I had not killed her—that the murder in the wood was only a hideous dream. Gall the nurse. It is time for my morphia. The pain, the raoking pain, is beginning. I must have my dose. And then the morphia fiend will take me by the hand and lead me under the fir trees, treading the paths where our footBteps have no sound on the fir needles, and I shall see her again in her white gown, with the orimBon gash serosa her throat." The nurses oame, quiet, prompt, with quick movements of skilful hands—one on eaob side of the "bed, one sustaining the patient while the other administered the uarcotio. Sibyl sank on her knees at'the foot of the bed, and with bent brow and oovered face breathed a brief prayer for God's mercy to a dying sinner ; then nodded a silent good-night to the nurseB and stole softly from the room. Those trained bands had rearranged the disordered pillows, had placed the sufferer's head in an easier position, had smoothed the silken coverlet, laying it lightly over the waBted frame, and the morphia was already at work, tranquillizing the limbs, creeping through the labyrinth of the brain, giving respite from bodily torture, but bringing with it dreams that racked the mind. In all Hubert Urquhart'e defiant con fession of past guilt there had been no word of a still darker crime, a oiime planned in cold blood, thought out, and slowiy resolved upon, carried out with un wavering craft and purpose, and with as little compunction as the hunter feels for the agonies of a noble beast tracked aorosB the wilderness, watohed and waited for, and slain without meroy. Of thatorime, which Ooralie knew, not one word had eaoaped the murderer on hie death-bed; and the daughter's knowledge of that dreadful secret remained unshared and unsuspected. Lord Dunluce lingered for more than a week after hiB interview with Sibyl; but those last days and nights were one long morphia Bleep, and an almost unbroken pilgrimage through the dark labyrinth of hideous memories. The skill and the o&re; of doctors and nurses were employed to keep him alive when nature would have let him die, and to reduoe lite to unoonsoiouBneBS throughout those extra hours wrested from death. At last the end eame—only a sinking deeper ; into that morphia darkness—only the fall of death's curtain on those distorted memories of past sin. A gentlemanlike vulture in the shape of an undertaker came post-haste from Carlisle and took possession of that which had been Hubert, eighth earl of Dunluoe. There was a stately funeral, an earl's coronet upon a velvet coffin, an open hearse like a ^triumphal oar, with six black horseB tossing their Flemish heads, and curving their heavy Flemish neoks, and all the neighbouring gentry sent their empty oarriages to express respeob for a man who had been universally disliked, and whose rare occupation of tbeOastle had been regarded —except by the looal tradespeople—as a meroiful dispensation. The distant cousin who suooeeded to the title and entailed estates was an elderly gentleman of unblemished respectability, with a large family of sons and daughters, the eons sporting, the daughters plain, pious, and hopelessly unfashionable; just the sort of people to speed ten months of the year at the Castle, and to furnish an eldest son who would stand for that division of the county, ' tuid protect looal interests in the stress and storm of the Imperial Parliament. The new Earl and his family were aware how much of their property they owed to the Dowager Lady Dunluoe, and they took pains to oultivate her friendship and to be oivil to Lady Corah'e Urqubart, who had . been so unaoountably estranged from her father. POSTSCRIPT. What remains to be told of Sibyl's life history! Another year of quiet widowhood, in spite of the pleading of a devoted lover: sad then, on a gny morning at the beginning of the year lis quietest of waddings in the parish Church at Ardliston. Husband and wife driving to the station in time for the London express on the: first! stage, of their journey to Bome—to that oity of Qhurobee, where it is John Ooterdale's delight to ex ponnd eoolesisstioal history written urall that there iB of arohiteetorsi grandeur, from the grey antiquity of S. Olemente to the granite nave ana .modern 'mosaics in the mighty basilioa' whioh oommemoratee the martyrdom of St. PanL An Italian honeymoon whioh seems only too brief in that lovely land; and then Mr.''Ooverdale and his wile return to England, he to resume the burden of duty— not among the miners of Workington, hut m a populous and wealthy centre in the East Biding, where the fine old Ohnrchis only.a little less than a cathedral in spaoioasnsts and 'beauty; a cure whioh has been.slways held by a Churchman of mark, and has-been always regarded as tho prelude to higher dignities. John Ooverdale has made himself known aa a fine preacher and an indefatigable worker—a preacher with the philosophical breadth of Liddon and the magnetic personality of Frederick Robertson; a preaohsr.who had been able to beguile the rough , miners from their Sabbath luxury of shirt-sleeves and laziness, dog-fights and rat- oatohing, and to hold them spellbound by hie impassioned appeals to that best side of human thought and feeling whioh will always answer to him who knows how to call. The men whom Ooralie deeoribed as cold, precise, and prig gish has shovm himself gifted with the finest qualities of preaoher and priest, and he ia warmly welcomed to the great Yorkshire town by all the belt and most cultivated amongst the community. Difficulties and dissensions will arise donbtlesB in soma quarters, for John Ooverdaie has a strong band in the reform of old abuses, and is one of those men of whom it is said that they will have their own way; bat his way is a good way, and his influence is a good influence for all in his parish, most of all for the pcor, and for those who most need the awakening call, the stringent, yd tender hand leading them to the fold. In this bnsy centra Sibyl learns to know and understand new phases of life. She finds herself no longer in a small oommnnity, where one man's wealth can achieve wonders of order and prosperity, and one man's influence can shape all things to his liking, bnt in the thick of ths bitter battle, among revolts and con spiracies of labour against capital, and the ex&oticns; and injustices of capital against labour; the oonteat of strength with strength ; the appeal publio opinion; the power, aometimPB reokiess and fatal, sometimes wise and bene6oent, of a free Press; the beat and strife of politics. Here she must live through seasons of fear and sadneBS.lhe terrors of a fever-strioken town, the alternations of looal prosperity, good timeB, and bad times, the oollapBe of great enterprises, the ruin of great commercial houses that have been ranked among the wealtbieet. Here she has to learn the lesson of life in all its stern reality, and here she has to disoover how little her wealth oan do where needs are so oonstant and eo manifold. That her fortune and her life labour ere used for the help of the suffering, for the reclamation of the lost, none who ever knew her ooutd doubt. " My aunt is a saint," said Cora, perohed daintily on her hunting saddle, sitting in a sheltered corner waiting for the fox to break cover, and ohatting cheerily with a group of admirers. " My sunt lives only to dogood to other people, and she oould nob have done better than marry Mr, Goverdale, who is a remarkable man, and would have made an admirable'Pope m the days when Popes did a great deal more good or a great deal more harm in the world than they can do now." Oorslie has no lack of admirers in these latter days, She is no longer Ooralie Urqu hsrb, for Mr. Stephen Hildrop, of Hildrop Grange, near Workington, has allowed him self to fall a victim to ber sharp tongue, neat figure, light hands, and good seat, and meeting and conversing with her through a oouple of seasons mounted on all that is handsomest in three-quarter bred hunters, has come gradually to believe that Cora is as good looking as ber horses, and has made her mietreBB of himself and his estate. Lady Ooralie Hildrop gives bunting break fasts, has a furnished house in Mayfair for the season, goes everywhere, is liked by a good many people, and feared by the rest; is mundane to the tips of her fingers, an affec tionate wife, a good friend, a bitter enemy, and utterly without meroy for any pretty woman who misbehaves herself. Tee End. 