ODDS AND ENDS. UNTIL— , Maud was the sweetest aud the best; Maud gave my heart the most unrest ; Of all maids Maud was loveliest — Until I met Nan, Then was sweet Nan the fairest maid ; Beauty was hers that ne'er could fade; Girl of the superfinest grade— ? Until I met Fan. Then — I'll confess it bold and free — Fan was the maid of maids to me, lWn liv flin -nofWo aaa ? Until I met you. Now I would swear that you are best, You give my heart the most unrest ; You are by far the loveliest ; I swear I'll be true — Until — ! TESTED, Mrs. Fidget (as she lays down her novel). — These ghost stories are silly. J ust as if anyone would believe them. Mr. Fidget, — Yes, that's so : but you had better go to bed now, dear. It's after 11 o'clock, and I'll have to be up for a couple of hours yet. Mrs. Fidget. — What. Go to bed alone, after reading that book ? Not much. L.AKGUAOE Oi' TUIi UMBRELLA. An umbrella carried over a woman, the man getting nothing but the drippings of the rain, indicates court ship. When the order of tilings is re versed, and the man has the umbrella aud the woman the drippings, it indicates that they are married. To trail your umbrella along the ground means that the man behind you is thirsting for your blood. To carry it at right angles under your arm signifies that an eye may be lost by the unfortunate person who may be behind you. To press an umbrella on your friend, saying, ' Oh, do take it ; 1 had much rather you would than not,' signifies lying. To give a friend half of your umbrella signifies that both of you j will get wet. To place a cotton umbrella along- | side of a silk one signifies ' Exchange , is no robbery.' To lend an umbrella indicates you are a fool. To return an umbrella meaus — well, never mind what it means ; nobody ever does it. ! THE SIGHS OF A SllOlu. 11 Mv ynln is Willi rv ' sinrViptl t]lp shop. ' And worn, I also see ; And yet I know no tonic to Prevent this leathergy.' TIIEII! SYMPATHY. The girls were admiring a statuette of Andromeda, wliicli vas labelled ' Executed in Terra Cotta.' ' Where is Terra Cotta?' asked one of them, with probably some vague idea of Terra del Fuego. ' I'm sure 1 do not lmow,' was the reply, ' but I pity the poor girl, wherever it is.' A SUDJECT SUGGESTED. Dear parsons, when you are iu doubt On what text to exert your power, And wonder what to preach about, Pray preach about half an hour. GKAVIi AND GAY. My lad, if you would please the town, Remember life's a chequered quilt Of grave and gay, of smile and frown — And that's the way the world is built. The world is built of grave and gay ; llemember, lad, this golden rule — A laugh to chase its gloom away, A spur to prick the empty fool. A mingled yarn of shine and shade, A quilt of patches loosely knit — Remember, thus the world is made, And sing for tliem that fashion it. HE WAS UNSELFISH. The tramp peeped over the back fence to see if there were a dog in the yard, and seeing none he slipped up to the kitchen door and knocked. ' Y' ain't got no dogs around, have vou. miss ?' he said to the cook who answered the summons of the stranger. ' No, but we've got a Bengal tiger tied around the corner.' ' Is he tied purty safe, miss ?' ' Yes, but I can untie liiin and he's hungry.' ' Much hungry, miss ?' ' Very ; he hasn't had anything to eat for two days.' ' That's my lix exactly, miss, and I can sympathise with hiui. Untie him.' The cook laughed. ' Come in,' she said, ' and eat all you want, so the tiger can have a decent meal,' and the tramp chuckled softly as he went in. A FAIE THEOSOPHIST. The following conversation between two ladies was actually overheard ill a train : — First Lady : ' And you say you are ! a theosophist ?' Second Lady : ' Yes.' First Lady : ' What is theosopliy Second Lady : ' It is Nirvana, my dear.' First Lady : ' And what is Nir- 1 vana ?' Second Lady : ' It means nothing.' First Lady : ' Oh, it must be so facinating.' WELL LOST. The world is well lost when the world is wrong, No matter how men deride you ; For if you are patient and firm and strong You will find in time (though the time be long) That the world wheels round beside you. If you dare to sail o'er a now thought track, For awhile it will scourge anil scorn you ; Then, coming abreast with a skilful tack, It will clasp your hand and slap your back And vow it was there before you. SOME Al'PHOrRIATE FISH,- &C.; For Critics — the Carp. For Lift-men — the Oyster. For Lovers of Poelry— Crab(be). For Oflicialsr— the Soak For Lawyers — the Shark. For Clergymen — Soles. For Maiden Ladies — the Porpoise (poor puss). For Doctors — the Eel. For Office jseekers — the Plaice. WHAT SUE FEABED. Fannie : ' I am dreadful nervous. Mr. Charlie Bondclipper is going to call on papa this afternoon to ask for my hand. Jennie : ' Are you afraid your father nrilt waflion 9 ' ' No, Father is all right. ' Then -what are you nervous ibout ? ' ' I'm afraid Charlie will not turn up.' DEATH FKOM EXPOSURE. A coroner's jury returned a verdict that the deceased came to his death from exposure. ' What do you mean by this? ' asked a relative of the dead man, ' when there were two bullets holes in his head. The Coroner replied with a wave of his magisterial hand, 'Just so. He died from exposure to bullets. GUIDE BOOK BATHOS. A good example of bathos is culled from the guide book to Niagara by a writer in a contemporary : — 'No pen can describe the sublimity and grandeur of the scene, nor can tongue give expression to the awein spiring sensations, produced by this wonderful work of nature, which must be seen to be appreciated. The charge for the Cave of the Winds is 50c. — ' A TEMl'OKABY 11ESTING-PLACE. Distracted husband (of literary wife) : ' Madeline, Madeline ! 1 hear the baby crying and I can't find it anywhere. Don't you think where you put it ?' Literary wife : ' Have you looked in the piano and the refrigerator ?'' Distracted husband: 'Yes, Yes!' Literary wife (resuming her pen) : ' Then I must have placed it temporarily in the book-case.' 