SPORTING. By ' Mascottk.' Tom Corrignn's funeral was tho largest seen in Melbourne for many years. Bruin will bo hard to beat in the Caulfield Cup. Mr G. G. Stead will not have a re nMeanfntii'n in I tin Xp\V XpIlIjUkI CUD this year. Ono of the biggest winners on Ladas' Derby was Lord Rosebery's youthful daughter. Fry, the leviathan English bookmaker, was her victim. 'W Ken be paid over the £9000 to Miss Primrose's commissioner, he remarked, ' I must have been a mug to lay a big bet like that to a hloomin' infant, even, ?who's a .cross between a Scotchman add a Jew.' The racing mare Facta, by Oudeis from Mary Gladstone, died tho other day. have been obtained in Ohristchurch I about Three Star for the Now Zealand Cup. My old nnd well informed friend, ?'Augur's Ghost,' says: — 'I hear that there is talk of a match over the little sticks being arranged between Olea and Sharpshooter at Narandera. The former has backers to the extent of £50, so the followers of the son of Marksman should come forward with their bullion if they mean business.' ? One of the best looking twoyear olds at Randwick is said to be Vivian, a half brother, by Abercorn, to Volley. As a proof of the uncertainty of of racing, Tommy Corrigan was worth between fifteen and sixteen thousand at one time, but died in poor circum- i stances. On the morning of the Caulfield G.N. Steeplechase, the ownerof Mikado II. pressed Corrigan to ride his horse, and pointed out to him that Waiter could not have more than an outside chance, but the unfortunate jockey could not be persuaded to abandon his mount. On arriving at the starting post for the race, his brother jockeys 'chaffed' him at having such an in different mount in such an important race, and just as the signal to start was given, J. E. Brewer, who was on Frantic, called out in a joking way, 'Good-bye, Tom, if I don't see you alive again 1' Coriigan's step-brother, James, met his death three or four years ago in tlio Warnamboul district in similar circumstances. A rather curious circumstance may be mentioned in connection with the liorse'that caused James Corrigan's death. He was an unnamed horse out of Twilight, a mare that Thomas Cor rigan rode into second place in the first V.R.C. Grand National Steeple chase in 1881. Immediately after James Corrigan's death he was sold, and two or three months ago a horse nailed Comedian was sent to Corrigan to train. No pedigree was given with him ; but Corrigan found him an apt ?jumper. Subsequently a visitor from 'Warrnamboul recognised Comedian as the horse out of Twilight that had caused James Corrigan's death. The discovery rather upset Corrigan, who, like most jockeys, was somewhat superstitious, and he had a kind of presentiment that the horse would bring him bad luek. , -As a tribute to the memory of the late Tom Corrigan, the jockeys who rode at the Gundngai races on Thurs day last, wore arm bands of crape. It was a graceful action (says 'Reginald') nnd furnishes still further proof of how generally the death of the famous cross-country rider is mourned. ' Frantic and Associate have returned from Melbourne, and for the time being are located in AVagga. The former, though still suffering from the effects of the gruelling he got in the Caulfield National, is on a fair way to 'complete recovery. He looks any thing but well, however, and it will be some time before tho son of Inlidel is himself again. Tlie following entries have been re ceived for tlie Cootauiundra Turf Club Spring Handicap, to be run on the 30th inst.: — Young Piscator, Ada Bird, Bernardo, Cobargo, Miss Gladstone, .The. Boss Tailor, Led Astray, Silver ?Rose, Horizon, Tiranna, Clearlight, . Early. Morn, Drucilla, Capstan, Mes senger, 'and Hermit. Another important addition lias been made to the thoroughbred stock in the AVagga district by the introduc tion of ? the . Gang Forward horse Auchendarrach, who was redently pur chased in Melbourne by Mr Norman Devlin. Fairy Tale, who won the twoyear old race at , Caulfield recently, was bought as a yearling for 27 i guineas. -'. '-A New Zealand exchange states that Mr F. \V. Day, tlie well-known veter inary .surgeon, left Wellington for England a couple of weeks ago with the view of passing an examination in special studies connected with his pro fession. It is reported that the whole of Mr '\W; Forrester's stud at Warwick Farm are to lie shortly placed under the ,, hammer for public auction, that gentle man having decided to relinquish horse-breeding. ' It has been, decided to hold a race meeting at Caulfield on August 25 for '.the benefit of the family of the late Tom Corrigan. Oh 5th July, Lord Ilosebery, by way of celebrating the victory of Ladas in the Derby, gave a treat to the inmates — numliering34r- — of the Epsom Union Workhouse. The festivities included an excellent dinner and daucing, while 'luxuries in the shape of beer, tobacco, .'and («huff were also distributed. Lord ' Rosebery also donated a pianoforte to the union. ? The Gundagai races last week re sulted as follows : — Opening Handicap. — Deception 1, Cobargo 2, Adabird 3. Trqt.- — Star 1, Mystery 2, Spot. '?Winter Handicap.— Hermit 1, Co bargo 2, Millbank 3. Time, 2min. 21£sec. Hack Race — Barmaid 1, Overland 2. Farewell Handicap.— ' Adabird 1, Miss Gladstone 2, Decep tion 3. Ch-irlie Lewis' Decision ran second in the Mordialloo Handicap last week. 