Toiii'isi. THE TERRIBLE BLACK DEATH. rciANE Q. OABrENTKR. Tho black death broko out in Canton dur- I ing tho last week in Fobruary last and for a | timo tho avcrago of thoso who died from it 1 was about two liundro 1 por day. Tho avcr ago steadily increased, until iu March aud April it wasfivo hundred per day, and tho mor tality at tho present timo is very largo. It is said that tho Pearl river, which flows p int tho city, and upon which huudrcds of thous mds of people livo, contains many iloatmg jodico, and that tbo undcrtakcro aro unablo omako coffins enough to supply tho demand, [n ordinary times tho Chineso opend largo iuma upon their funorals aud thoy aro moro particular as to tho styles of their burial ca3 :ot3 than they aro to thosj of thoir wedding )eds. Coffins cost aU the way from a fow lollars up to thousands of dollars, and it is lot an uncommon tiling for a man to buy a joflin and keep it in his houso for years, so as x) havo a first-nlasa article on hand when ho lies. Children often muko their parents presonts of coffins, and they havo their nutual coffin supply association, comowhat liko our building and loan associations; or Liko our mutual lifo innuronco sooioties. Evory mombor of suoh an association gets a coffin and burial clothes when ho dies, and tho not having theso is considered a greater calamity than death itself. To-day tho dead in Canton aro carted out and disposed of in all sorts of ways, and tho greate3t trouble is found in getting rid of thom. Often tho pallbearoro who aro paid to carry tho coffins to tho gravo aro striokon with tho dread dis ease on tho way, and of tho four who start out v/ith tho body only ono or two re tnrn Many of tho dead at Cauton havo not a j barial plot and thoir coffins aro loft on tbo : top of tho ground. This, in the caso of ouch I an infectious diseaso as tho black plague, I cannot but be of great danger to the rest of ! tlio peoplo, and tho.plaguoia feaid to bo steadily spreading over tho surrounding country. Somo of tho coffins aro hermetically scaled by varnishing them again and again v/ith a sort of vacquer varnish, and as tho v/ood io often four inches thick, in ordinary timoj thoy do not cause much trouble from thoir offensivo sraeU. Now. howover, tho hasto with which tho dead uro disposed of does not admit of ouch treatment, aud tho very air about Cauton is laden with tho ppstilenco. Tho richer Chineso of tho city iiavo been doing, what thoy could to -roliovo tho distress,' and there aro a number of oharitablo associations which aro aiding, in disposing of tho. dead. At ono dispensary alono two thousand coffins havo been givon away, and it iu estimated 'that up to this timo Qixty thousand coffins havo been furnished by nuoh associations. Tho Banitary board of Hong Eong visited tho plaguo-striokon part3 of Canton somo weoko ago and mado a report on tho diseaso and its symptoms. It comes upon one with- , out warning in tho (Oiapo of a fever, which raises tlio tempcratuvo of tho patient in a short timo to 105 degrees and upv/ard. Thero is no chill and no other premonitory symp tom3. Tho patient has a sovcro headache, and ho shows incus of stupor. After twclvo hours tho glands of tho nenk, tho armpits or tbo groin bngin to swell, and thoy soon bh como as big as a hen's egg. Theso swellings aro hard and exceedingly tender, but thoy do not Buppurato. In somo caso3 a vomiting of blood occurs, and withm a fow hours tho man dies. Somo fow vocovor aftor having been attacked, and if thoy can kcop them Gelve3 nlivo for moro than eix days aftor their oxposuro thoro h a chance for thom. Tho disease Rooms to bo vory infectious, and in thoso quartern whero it ioraging. it has moro than deoimato l tho population. In ono omaU streot tho nanitiry board of Hong Kong found thirty deaths, and in anothor out of. 170 peoplo only forty havo survived. At' ono of tho gates of- Canton a man took a bos j recently and dropped a cash into it overv-. timo a coffin wao carried out. At -1 o'clook in tho afternoon ho counted the oash and found ho had 170 in tho box. Tho diseaso in very sudden in its attacks, and tho only safoty from it ueoms to bo to get out of its rango. For v/eoka tho peoplo havo been flying from Canton, and a lottor which I saw rccontly otates that ovory houso coemo to havo ito dead.' Recently^ thiof entered a houso in which tho v/holo family had died of tho plague, oxpeoting to havo cn easy haul. Ho v/ao otriokon whilo in tho act of robbing tho dead, .and a day or two later, his body, v/ith tho booty upon it, was found lying in tho houso. Aourious thing about thoplaguo is that it affects noma. kinds of animals as well ao men, and in Canton it attacked tho rats of tho city first. Dead rata wcro found in tho drains of tho infected quarters, and tho rats ran from such places almost no fast as tho human species, iu overy houco whero dead rats wero f -jund it was scon that tho peoplo had taken tho blaok plague, and tho sign of a dead rat v/ill now causo a family to fly. . Th'o Koiig Kong doctors . at first said that tho diseaso was not of a parasitic nature, 'aud' that it could not bo carried to any great dis tanco ; but this io thought by many to bo a iniatako, aud it is nowcaid that its germs can bo transported in clothing andin other ways, and tbo Japan Mail iu advising tho most rigid sanitary precautions against all oftho Hong Kong steamers. In ouo editorial it asserts that oven a shot-gun quaruntino would bo justifiablo against it, and when it is remembered that ovory ton duyo a big steamship from Hong Kong binds at San Francii-co and Vnncouvor it would cecm ad vicablo that tho greatout caro bo taken to kcop it out of Amcrica ft is thought hero that tho disease cannot 'get a firm hold of auy quarter which hao good sanitary arrange ments, and so far, I beliovo, only Asiatics hav« been alfiicted with it* It liae attacked Hong Kong, and on tlio 15th of May thirty four deaths v/ero then roportcd. Tho fact that tho plaguo oxisb iu Canton makes itu danger grcator than it would bo Iiad it broken out in any othor oity of China. | Canton of tho ,inotropolio of the ompir o.\ Ct ia tbo blpgeat of tho CUinoso and it c-Sntains comethiog liko 3^000 neonl u Ita boat population 10 oaid to num Lr moro than 300,000, and aa many p^o nn you will find m WaBhmglon. ClovelaDd Buffalo, or flinoinnati aro born, livo and dio upon its watcro.. Ita peop'.o 'ro tl;° V^(^ in China, and thoy aro tho tho boat wbrkors amonif will command hi^hoc wages tha nan- from any othor citica, and ton mon engaged in bu-mcas all over UUma. I met them in Hankow. . I found them on tho busiest atrceta of Chmkiang ani iNan a aortakinga. A great, part of W imports, como from Canton, nud tho credit of tho bi Cantoncfo tnotohanla ia na good aatli„t of tho moat rolid mercbauta iu tho banks o. London. Itia a city of mUlionairca and paupero, and it contain-! tho richest and tho pooro3t of tbo Chineso. When I visited it J [ wua ontortaiD^id by tho Jay Gould of China, a man named How Qua, who _io. caid to worth his tons of millions, and in numg up to Canton on tho steamer I caw a hungry oyed boatman greedily grab at a dead rat which vrns thrown hiin from our ship, and which I do not doubt furnished tho pieco do resistance for his family dinnor. It ioiroin the Cantone^o province that tlmmoflt ot tno Chineso in Amcrica como, and ito peoplo aro noted for thoir. turbulenco ao WoU aa their okUlf ul hands and their fiharp business brains. Thodiotof tho laboring clacce3 consists o* calt fl3h, vegetables and rico, nnd if thoy can add to this meat threo or four timc3 a year they deem thcnisolvca happy ^ It is not un common to fiud 100 peoplo living in a littlo nest of a' dozon ouo-story houses, and rents por family- rango from 8s. a year end upward. Canton is tho only city I havo vii«iio 1 whero I havofouud cat and dog restaurants, and it i3 tho only city whero I havo seen dried rats exposed for calo in many quarters. I priced Goino of fheso rats and was charged fivo cents for tho ono I bought It could not havo weighed moro than eight ouuccs, and 1 sup poso I paid doublo prico for it; At ono c-f tho dog restaurants 1 treated a lot of coolies to a stow of black dog's flesh, and tho prico for it was ten centa a plat o. I could havo gotten a stow of yellow dog for less, but when ouo gives a treat, ovon in China, ho ought to buy tho b st. Black dog's meat ia worth twico (he prico of that of tho yellow canino. It is cooked with a tuft of hair left on tho end of tho tail to show tho color of tho dog, and it looks, when in tho pot, much like tho flesh of a sucking pig. Tlio, dog is killed audv tho hair is taken- off an wo tako tho bristles ? off a pig, and when fctowed it is cut into small pieces. At this samo placo I saw cat meat cooking, and thero wero oato in cagc3 awaiting tlio orders of cuatomoro. Cat- meat is higher priced than dog or rat meat, and tho tabbies uro killed only upon order. Tho peoplo whom I saw at sueh rostauranto, nowover, wero thoso only of tho poorer classes and thoro ore in Canton no costly res taurants as you ? will find anywhere in tho world. Tlio black plaguo on account of tho poor diofc of the peoplo and their poverty, v/ill last longer iu Canton than it would in any other city. Thero aro practically no facilities for taldng caro of tho sick, and Chineso medicine is woroo than no medicino. Tho missionary hospital will do much. It is ono of tho best hospitals m tho cast, aud it does a great deal of pood. Tho chiof Chineso oharitablo insti tutiono of Cauton aro a blind asylum, from which blind beggars go out day aftor day over tbo city; a foundling aaylura, supported out of tho salt tax; and a lopor aBylutn. This last is in a banyan grovo two miles from tho gato of tho city. It contains about 500 inmates, and moro horrible creatures do not exisfc on tho face of tho earth . Thero aro moro lopers in Canton than can bo accommodated in tho asylum^ and thoro aro leper boats fiUed with the30 peoplo, who scull or row their boats among tho othor oraft on the river begging. , Tlicro aro no moro superstitious peoplo j than tho Chinoso, and &uoh; an ocoasion aa 1 thio bringo out all of tho witches and cooth oayors. I hear that tho etreota of Canton are now filled with priests oxeroising tho , dovils of tho plaguo ani that people go through tho oity in bands beatmg gongs and drums to drive tho domons away. At .tho head of ono band was a boy who had on a hideous dragon mask, and tbo dragon boats whioh aro kept for tho annual dragon boat festival havo been' -brought out. AU sorts of praying goes on boforo tho different josse3 and tho auceatral tablets, and ovory ono connected with tho burial of tho. dead is making money. . A largo class of merchants sell nothing but eilver and gold papor, which is bought by iho familios of tho doad and is burned by them over their graves, with tho idea that thin will supply them with funds for thoir travels in tho noxt world. Papor and wooden cows and horses are manufac tured to bo burned in tho samo way, and tho dealers in whito goods wiU bo gotting rich. White is tho color of mourning in China, and tho family v/hon thoy'repair to tbo cemetery wear clothes of whito tiod on with coarso ropo. . Thoy leavo food at tho gravo and generally send an extra suit of papor clothes along to keep tho corpse warm whon it bojomes tv ghost. 