The Mystery of Clement Dunam. BY JEAN MIDDLEMAN CHAPTER XxXVI—Tn» Qhosm of ike 44 Aii old, bent man, •worn out and frail, He came back from seeking the Holy Grail." Scarcely two years bad elapsed since Clement Donraven had left Aboyne Court for tbo foreign travels, during whioh he hoped to find that peace of mind whioh passeth all understanding; when one evening, when he was by no means expected, he crept into his own house by the back door. One of the maids, who saw him, ran Bhrieking to the housekeeper and said she had seen Sir Clement’s ghost. The housekeeper told her “not to be a fool,” and went out to look for herself, and then she too trembled with affright until she heard tbe well-known “ Don’t be alarmed, it is myself: Clement Donraven in the flesh. I have been very ill, aind have oome home to die.’’ “Oh, Sir Clement, why ever didn’t you let UB know that, we might have had things a hit comfortable tor yon.” “ All right—all right; don’t trouble your self. There’ll be oomfort enough for me. Light a fire in the library, Lady Gertrude’s ' favorite room, and send for Dr 'Watson.” The night was a cold one, though it was only mid-October, and the trees were still heavy with mellow, golden foliage. There was something about Sir Clement’s manner and appcaranoe which repelled ques tion, so the servants bestirred themselves to prepare dinner, get his bedroom ready, and make the place as home-like as the short notice would permit, without asking for any further orders. Sir Clement, meanwhile, sat down in front of the fire, whioh had been speedily lighted, and took no notice of any one. It was not until Dr Watson entered the room that ho roused up from his reverie. The summons to come at ouce to Sir Clement Donraven had been reoeived by tbe little doctor with no small dismay, and a presenti ment of coming trouble took powerful posses sion of him ; nor was his dread of the future in any way lessened when he saw tbe man who had sent for him. “ Doomed to death,” was tho Doctor’s mental veruiot, and that torture of mind had ended in producing torture of body, he was hot slow in deoiding. Sir Clement held out his hand, and said, feebly: “ It is good of you to have como so soon.” How gladly would Dr Watson have grasped it, but that the recollection of the awful aocusation made by Jim Gland inning rose vividly in his mind.” He pretended not to see the extended hand, but drawing a ohair close to his patient, tried to speak cheerily. “Sorry you have oome back ill, Sir Clement; we must see if wo oan patch you up.” But Sir Clement noted at onco the want of oordiality, and said, bitterly : “ Ton cannot ‘ minister to a mind diseased.’ but since I see you know or have gnessed the truth, you will make my task Dr Watsonmorolyanswered withan “Ah,” and Sir Clement went on : “I have not much belief in parsons. They would ruin you if they could, as Singleton tried to ruin mo. But I have sent for you, Watson, because 1 know you to he atrueand honest man, and as snch you will help me to make the best atonement for tho past that is in my power.” ‘ “ I Will use my best endeavors so to do,” answered Dr VVateon, “ but would not Sir Miles Berkeley-” “Ho—no," oried Sir Clement, interrupt ing Berkeley has a wife, and, I hear, a child. Let him be happy and ignorant. 1 will not have him freighted with my misery. You must hear many a tale of wretchedness, Watson: it is in vourcalling." . . ,■ ~ Alas ! Tales of wretchodnela^Siu eufferi ng that one oannot always assuage.” “ There is only one inourable disease of whioh the torture cannot be alleviated, and that is tho disease from whioh I am dying now—it is called Remorse.” “ Oh, Sir Clement, repentance must bring alleviation oi suffering, even to the most re morseful.” / “ I have repented, humbled myself in dust and ashes for my sins, but I am no happier. Remorse gnaws' as a canker worm at my heart. Should I be happier if 1 had made a public confession, and allowed the law to take its course f I think not. Anyway, it would have brought misery and obloquy oninnooent people. So I reaolred to keep my secret. It is wearing mo oat, and tho severest pun ishment I can inflict on myself is that I have refrained from my own destruction. However, the end is not far off now, and beforo that cud comes I want you to know the truth.” “ What good to tell it, Sir Clement. Be fore the words have fallen from your lips you may regret having spoken them.” ‘•lean never regret having asked a good man to be the gnardian of my child—you will will not refuse 1” Dr Watson wincod, but he accepted the guardianship. ' “ Lisa is my child,” continued Sir Clement, “ end Lisbeth her mother, my lawful wifo, whioh Lady Gertrude never was.’’ “Sir Clement, for mercy’s sake keep silence. Think of the memory of that pure, virtuous lady, and keep silonoe." “ To all but you I will do so, but you must know the trnth, or you cannot do the best for my child and her brave mother. If I die Without a will this property cannot go to Lisa, unless her legitimacy proved. In jus tice to Lady Gertrude I am going, with your help, to make a will leaving everything to Lisa, my adopted daughter, who is to take the name of Duuravon. This may seem to you to be unjust to Lisbeth, but she agreed to be supplanted by Lady Gertrude, in order that I might become tny uncle’s heir, and, therefore, she must bear her share of the sorrows brought on us by our joint folly. Ah, if I had never deserted Lisbeth, I might have beon poorer, bnc I should have been a far happier mau." “ She is the heat and noblest among women,” Baid the doctor, fervently. Sir Clement looked at him keenly. His eyes fell as before those of an inquisitor, for he felt that Sir Clement liad.guessed the de sire of his heart. “ I see I have appealed to the right man,” said Sir Clement after a pause. “ Win her if you can, Watson, and if my hlcaaing, the blessing of a wretohed criminal, is of any avail, you have it with oil my heart. To kirow that my poor Lisbeth will have a rest ful,^happy home is far more than I deserve." Kothing more was Baid on the matter; what could be said as long as Clement Dun raven lived? Pens, ink and paper were pro duced, and the. last will and testament of Clement Duaraveu was written out. In it he left everything of which he died possessed, including Abovno Court and all its valuables, to his adopted child, Lisa, whose birth had been registered at a registrar’s in the City Road under the name of Lisa Ellis, on con dition that she henceforth took tho name of Donraven. Tho guardian and the sole executor to' be his tried and valued friend, Richard Watson, M.D. - Tho butler' and Brown, the bailiff, were sent for to -witness the signature, of their master, and thia supreme effort having been made, it seemed as if Sir Clement Dunraven’s work on earth was nearly done, for he then lay back' in his ohair in such a condition of syncope that brandy had to be poured down his throat,' and Dr Watson decided that ho would, pass the night at Aboyne Court. But, considering that he had been left executor and guardian to Lisa, and knowing what his own feelings were, towards Lisbeth, he/did not believe himself to be justified .in remaining there without letting anyone know, of Sir Clement’s return. So he sent a man anhorsebaok over'to the Snuggery, to acquaintSir Miles with thefaotof Sir Clement Dnnraven’a return in very bad health, and to request him to ride over in the morning. - After a time Sir Clement rallied somewhat, and Dr- Watson and the butler got him to bed. ■ jjSe seemed in ensh a strange, eeml-oonacioui state that the dootor took ap his paeitioa in an armchair, andarranged for the bntler to sleep in an adjoining room, bo that he might bs.at hand if hi# services were required in the night. As the doctor had expected, the distress ing unrest whiohthe unhappy man experi enced was most sad to witness. In vain Dr Watson tried every available means to quiet him. He tossed ceaselessly from side to side in feverish exoitement, mattering every now and again somewhat incoherently; only Dr Watson, who held the key, understood full well how sorely the poor distracted mind was troubled. Ab iB frequently the case, with the break of dawn the restlessness and ex citement grew moro intense, and the mutter inga beoame shouts and loud cries for help. Dr Watson was thankful that the butler was a heavy sleoper. He would not for worlds have had him hear the unhappy man’s ravings, and, violent though Sir Clement was, ho pluckily determined to manage him, if possible, by himself. “ How dare be come between me and Lis both? Ah! the water is deep, and black, and cold. What! no movement, no sound, silence! My God, what silence! No voice, not a leaf stirring; nothing but that black, etill water, and toe rushes. Ah ! the rushes will hide it. Ler me go 1 Let me go! I oan stay here no longer. Away, away, from this terrible place. You shall not hold me; let me go. The police are coming! The manacles! The mob in the oourt! Old Jim’s jibbering faoe! The gallows!” It was a fearfnl and awful sight this tor ture of mental agony, and in all his wide praotioe Dr Watson had never before wit nessed each a scene. He fought through bravely, however, and by means of an n.ntcethetio, for which he had sent to his surgery early in the evening, he managed to quiet the agitated brain, and by the time the first awakenings of life were heard in the house, Sir Clement Dunraven had sunk into an uneasy, unnatural sleep; while as for Dr Watson, he was so exhausted by what he tied gone through, that it was only by an immense force of will that he managed to poll himself together so as to bo able to proceed with the terrible duty of tending this wretched man. Till this hour he had put away from hid mind, as the mere chimera of an unhinged brain, Jim Glendinning’s assertion about the part which Clement Dunraven had played in tho death of Pierce Vaughan. Now he had no farther doubt on the subject; the trne murderer lay before him, and might even yet be brought to justioe. Dr Watson thought that the hours of hi3 life were numbered; still, there was no saying what turn he might take, or who might hoar the ravings which could not fail to convict him. For himself, he. intended to say nothing ; tho punishment Clement Dunraven had received was a heavy one, and who was he that lie should deliver him over to the law, blighting the memory of ono true,, loving woman,'and the life of another by his fall ? Many might cavil at, and argue about Dr Watson’s reasoning, and how he justified himself in thus condoning crime, but he oared not. The presence of Death was omnipotent in that room, and the terrors of remorse accompanying it made all earthly punishment seem small and unreal. The efforts of those interested to keep Lady Gertrnde and her memory free from the taint were, however, to meet with success. When Sir Miles Berkeley arrived, it was to find the sufferer still slumbering. Nor did he ever recover sufficiently to recognise any of those who were about him. Tho terrible crisis was over, and, thanks to Dr Watson’s loyalty, tLedire events then revealed would never be divulged. Sir Clement lingered for many hours, vitality being stronger than the doctor had oxpeoted. He took what nourishment they gave him apathetically, bnt did not speak; the brain wae numbed, and toe pulse and powera were gradually growing feebler. Towards evening a tall figure in a long blue oloak name np too stairs witli a halting step, and Lisbeth gazed for tho last time into the living face of the man she had so desperately loved, that Bho had sacrificed all her happiness in life for his dear sake.. . ■ She knew nothing of the Will, nothing of what had been done for Lisa, and she asked nothing. All her thoughts were absorbed in him who lay there dying in the prime of his manhood, the viatim of his own sine. Nor were there any tears in her eyes as she looked at him, bat prayers, heartfelt and deep, were in her heart; prayers that he might not be pnnished everlastingly for his grave transgressions. Considerate, always, Dr Watson went away, and left her with the dying man. He would not pry into toe secrets of that woman's heart, and truly a veil should be drawn over her sorrow and her agony. An hour later Clement Dunraven was dead, and the tall figure went down the stairoase noiselessly, as she had mounted it, away into toe silent night, where the moon, shining brilliantly to guide her steps, and the stars effolgently beaming, gave her hope that the pathway even through toe valley of the Shadow of Death was not wholly drear, and that meroy was extended even to the greatest einuers. The news of Lisa's heirship, which wob spread about soon after Sir Clement’s funeral took the entire neighborhood by sur prise, and, of oouree, various were the com ments made upon it. Everyone whispered to his intimate that he knew the truth, had known it for years, hut no one guessod the riddle aright, save Dr Watson and Mrs Sin gleton, and they were silent as tha grave wherein the dead lay buried. And so, after awhile, toe gossip oeased, the social gatherings re-commenced, and the world ran on its usual course, as if Sir Clement Dunraven had never existed. Dr Watson took meanB to have Lisa edu cated in a manner befitting her future posi tion, and was ably assisted by Lisbeth. Whether the little doctor will ever per suade Lisbeth to give np her “ Home” and its suffering inmates, and begin life anew with him in the red-brick house on the out skirts of the town, is ono of the problems of the future. Lady Marcia says chat,' of course, she ought to marry him, and that there is plenty of money to found a real big: *« Home" in. memory of Lady Gertrude. Hitherto Dr WatBou has been too ahy to put the question himself, and if the marriage takes place, it will probably be because Lady Marcia has brought it about. [TheEiiD.] 