Coapsing. NOTES. By tiie " Sportsjian Scribe." ion too Jienalla l'lumpton C.C. Champion Cup Stake, for 64 all-aged dogs at £2 2s, winner 75 guineas and trophy (guaranteed value 20 sovs), runner-up 25 guineas, two dogs 10 guineas each, four dogs 2 guineas each, coursers are reminded that applications for nominations, with ono Qniimn. must bo made to tbe secretary, Mr. Chas. H. Macaulay, by 12 noon on Monday next, the 11th inst. The balance, with pedi gree, etc., will be due by 12 noon on the lSih inst. In reference to the case of Mr. J; Field's bd w bitch Flying "Beetle, by The Coon — Deceitful Lass (Oct., '92), who died suddenly at tbe Benalla Piuinpton C.C. s recent meeting, after meritoriously wiuning her first course ogainst Farewell in the Oaks, Dr. Nicholson has made an examination, and found tbat the cause of death was strangulation, and not poison, as was supposed by many people. On account of the insufficient number of eutries received, the Woodstock and District C.C. meeting, which was to have been held ou tbe oOih ult., was abandoned. On the 13tli inst. the club will hold an unregistered meeting. At the recent meeting of the Central Wimmera C.C. Mr. J. Taylor'6 grey hounds, Lady and FJulins, divided first and second money. There were twenty- four entries. At tho settling over the challenge meeting of the Dtinedin Plumpton C.C. Dr. Dickson, of Melbourne, who is said to have been a large winner over the victory of Clements' Tonic in tbe Chal lenge Stakes, promised to give a 60- guinea cup as a trophy in connection with next year's Challenge Stakes. in tbe programme issued by Mr. John Munday, secretary of tbe Victoria C.C., for the ensuing reason several important alterations have been made. The Daw- Bon Whisky Trophy and the Hopetoun Stakes meeting remain the same &e; last year The Waterloo Cup meet ing will also remain unaltered. The Stewards' Plate, Olive Stakes, and the West Bourke Plate have been struck off. The Vice- presidents' Plate has been made an open stake, and will be rnn this year early in August. The sew 6t&kes; on the programme are tho Fkderal Stakes (open), tbe Ernest Stakes, and Rupert Stakes. The following ib tho adopted season's programme 14th and 15th June. — The Dawson iWhieky Trophy, for 82 all-ages at 3gn& each, winner £35 and tho Dawson Whisky Trophy, value 25gne, presented by Messrs. Frank Lister and Co., ranner- up £25, two dogs £10 esch, four dogs £j each; the Hopetoun Stakes, for 32 p-ippies at 3gn6 each, winner £50, runner-up £25, two dogs £12 XOs. each. 11th, 12th, and 13th July. — Waterloo Cup, for 64 all ages at £6 5s. each, winner £200, runner-up £57. 10s., two dogs £15 each, fohr dogs £5 each, eight dogs £2 10s. each ; the Waterloo Purse, for 32 dogs oeaten in the first round of the .Cup, winner £22 10s., runner-up, £8 15s., two dogs £2 10s. each; the Waterloo Plate, for 16 dogs beaten in tbe first tips of the Cup, winner £109., runner-up £8 15s., two dogs', £2 10s. each. 9 th and 10th August. — The Federal Stakes (open), for an unlimited number of all-ages at Sgns ea.; the Vice-presidents' Plate (open), for an unlimited number of puppies at Sgns each, winner tropby, value 25gns, presented by vice-presidents. 6th and; 7th September. — The Ernest Stakes, for an unlimited number of all-ages at 3gns aanVi fit a "Rnnnvf fihalraa fni> am nn. limited number of puppies at 3gns each. The Echuca and Mo&ma; C.C. were able to finish the three stakes set down for discussion at the .opening meeting on Wednesday last in one day. Mr. J. Curtis was judge, and Mr. T. Turner slipper. Mr. -J. Wilkinson's Conceit beat Mr. J. St. L. O'Brien's J.P. in the de ciding course, and won the Pnppy Stake. Mr. W. E. Davis' r-and w d Derision, by Confusion— Delusion, scored a victory over Mr. J. Owen's Oak Stick by & few points, and won the stake for all-ages. In tbe deciding coarse for tho Impromptu Stakes Mr. J. Wilkinson's f and w bCon- naught, by Chester II. — Needlework, beat Raillery, aud won. The Maiden EtakeB contested at the opening meeting of the AU&ndale; District C.C. on the 24th ult. was divided by Mr. J." Williams' War Girl and bis Wild Rose, both by Waliom from Wildfire. Iu tbe deciding course for the Veteran Stakes Mr. J. Hanley's' Hurry Up, by Hazel Green — Ha Ha, beat Mr. J. Whitely'e Robin Hood, by Antelopo Vic, and won .the stake.' Mr, J. MUrum was judge. -Tbe next meeting will be held on the 23rd intft. The Berry Bonk Clab opened the season successfully with a two days' meeting on the 25th and 26th nit. Mr. Campbell M'Arthur wasjndgand Mr. C. M'Taggart slipppr.-wSmhare tbe results : — District Plate/Corall ages; 21 ehtrfos. First dog, £15;/ robrier-up, J2At third jdogl £3 : tbrce'dogsLQJ Mr E. R. ti>D08\f b fiirnmb, by Oltarwnui/- Woodl&rk;, beat ur'Hr-Nimjmp!s P nil fit. wAnnfaVlr bik4 won the stake. ' Poppy Stakes ; 11 entries. First dog, £9 ; runner-up, £4; third dog, £2. — Deciding Course— Mr L. IL Calvert's b w b Hopeful, bySealiion — Gratitude (Oct. 1892), best Mr D. S. Oman's w d Snowball, by Bloc and White— Ada (Nov. 1892), and won the stake. On Thursday last tbe North Gippsland C.C. held their' second meeting of tbe season. For the Ladies' Braoelet ten entries were received. The trials were interesting, and not a hitch occurred during the day to mar the proceedings. Mr. R. Gilder acted as judge, and Mr. James Clnes as slipper. The deciding, courra was as follows : — Ladies' BraceletStakos. For 10 all-ages, at £1 Is. Winner, £5 10s ; runner-up, £2 10s ; third dog, £1— Mis6 M'Crae ns f b Glimmer, by Pilot— Zephyr, beat Mrs W. R. Wood ns f or w d Bolivar, by DD.— Lilian, and won tho stake. Mb. D. Edward's blk and w b Queen Bee beat Mr. A Fergie's b and w Man- ningham by a couple of points in the decidiug coarse, and won the All-aged Stake at the Horsham C.C. opening meeting on the 30th nit. Another of those popular meetings held by the Allandale District C.C. at Glengower is fixed to take place on Saturday, 23rd June. The event will be the Middle Creek Stakes, for an un- limited number of all-ages, at a guinea each. As announced elsewhere, nomina-. tions, with name, pedigree, etc., close with the hon. secretary, Mr. E. Beacham, at 8 p.m. on the 20th inst. The draw will take place the same evening. Mr. W. MAHER announces that his celebrated stud dog, Gumsucker, by Gomorrah from Grizette, will this season take a number of bitches at £2 2s. each. Mr. Maher has had built suitable ken- nels at 96 Vale-street, East Melbourne. In connection with the next meeting of the Carlton C.C., to be held on Thurs day next, the 7th inst., nominations close at Camm's Bakers' Arms Hotel, at 8 p.m. to-morrow (Wednesday) even ing. The stake is one for an unlimited number of all-ageB at a guinea each. A drag will leave the above hotel at 6.15 a.m. for Diggers' Rest, and the first brace of dogs must be in the slips by 9 o'clock. At the annual meetiog of tbe Hamil ton C.C., on Friday evening last, office bearers for the season were elected as follows : — President, Mr. John Cameron (re-elected) ; vice- presidents, Messrs. H. A. Armytage and W. Thomson; hon. treasurer, Mr. F. F. Gummow ; hon. secretary, Mr. H. M. Somer, vice Mr. Phillips (resigned) ; committee, Messrs. Block, Phillips, J. Joyce, N. Learmonth, and R. Harumett. For tbe ensuing season the following officers have been elocted for the Wyche- proof C.C. : — President, Mr. Hedley ; -presidents, Messrs. Miles and Downie ; secretary, Mr. J. H. Carrie ; treasurer. Mr. Gall; judge, Mr. Downie; slipper, Mr. Hedley; Rtewarde, Messrs. Dobbin, Brooks, and Gibb; committee, Dr. Forrester, Messrs. Barke. 6en,, Allan, Smith, Scanlan, Betberas, Small, D. Boyd, J. J. Ryan, J. M'Millan, Mather, Satchwoll, Qindson, Lacey, M'Adam, F. Smith, Redgen, and Betber- ington. A decision was arrived at to hold the first match on the 21st inst. The following gentlemen have been elected officers of the Mount Ronse District C.C. : — President, Mr. R. B. Ritchie; vice-presidents, Messrs. A. J. Simpson and J. Johnson ; stewards, Messrs. W. Eales, J. Tobin, J. Tilley, A. Hyde, R. Johnson, S. Eales, C. Duf- ton, jr. Carey, A. Oils, H. Cameron, C. Coldham, M. Dillon, J. Callender, T. Carey, and Dr. Swcetnam ; treasurer, Mr. Thomas Tobin; secretary, Mr. W. W. Moorman; slipper, Mr. J. Conway; judge, Mr. W. Thomson ; slip steward, Mr. W. Eales; flag steward, Mr. J. Tobin. The membership fee was fixed at 10s. 6d. for the 60&son;, and tbe first meeting was appointed for Friday, the 22ad June, when a 16-dog stake, of £1 10?. 6ftcli, will be run. An offer from Mr. R. B. Ritchie for the uso of his plumpton was accepted with thanks. Hares were plentiful and the trials well contested at the first meeting of the Rup&nyup; District C.C. on the 30th inst. Mr. J. Miller, of Warrack- n&beal;, scooped tbe pool, his greyhounds Ghost and Nigger dividing the principal event, the Rupanyup Stakes. A sweep- stake was won by Mr. T. Bell's dog Spring. Mr. J. Gough officiated im partially as judge. At tbe opening meeting of tbe season of the Melbourne Coursing Club, held at the Werribee yesterday, the Trial Stakes, for eight puppies, was won by Mr. D. Canny's bd and w b Irish Girl, by Dawn After Dark— Gipsy (February, 1893). The All-comers' Stakes, for eight all ages, fell to Mr. J. Reilly's bk and w b Her- moine, by The Last Request— The Coveted Lass. 