MR. PA R GI TE R, THE GHOST. When I first knew Gwendoline Gilbert I very nearly fell in love with her. At 11 that time I had a penchant for healthy- , looking girls.; and, being young, I was p an ardent admirer of the' British blonde. Gwendoline Gilbert was Hlygela herself ; a Emma, Lady Hamilton, when she was in the service of Doctor.Graham, the quack, could not baye looked the part t more thoroughly-than did Gwendoline. How I adored that girl! At that 4 time, you know. Mr Borne-Jones hadn't l invented the young lady with the tonsly hair, the ungainly attitudes, the green complexion ant the prehensile toes.; so 1 it was quite permissible to admire a girl who looked like the goddess of health. She was a parson's daughter; she hadn't a penny in the world, Sir John Tomlinson was the member for Rateliff Highway, and had made pots of money by the adulteration of the poor man's beer-I beg his pardon, I take that back-I mean by his improvements in the art of producing malt liquor of a superior description. He came, he saw, he conquered; of course he did. They were married, they started on their honeymoon, and I went to' Hems Bay for a foitnight in a huff, and wrote my celebrated monograph on " Sour Grapes.". Lady. Tomlinson was nice, beautiful, and, as we all know, as good as gold: She' was-byno- means inclined-to"en whiiaithose getlemcn called her ' stand off" way, and from a certain disinclina tion toward gossip and scandal and small talk, and private theatricals and music halls, she got the reputation of being rather stupid. At any rate, in spite of her beauty and her husband's millions, Gwendoline was.not altogether a social success. Now, husbands, as we all know, are brutal persons ; they have a nasty trick of not mincing matters with their wives, and of calling a spade a spade. • Look hero, Lady Tomlinson," said Sir John-he always called her Lady Tomlinson-" you don't'shine in society ; you're not a dancing woman, nor a talk ing woman, nor a political woman, and you ain't littery. I wish to heaven you'd develop some sort of individuality of your own, Lady Tomlinson." Lady Tomlinson retired instantly to her boudoir and had a good cry. For three whole days did Lady Tomlinson brood and meditate, and then she sent for Mr Pargiter, the painter. Mr Pargiter hastened to present him self at Palatial Crescent. W. * "Mr Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, "I want to paint-I want to paint in oils." "(ob, certainly, 'Lady Tomlinson!" said Mr Pargiter ; and he smiled, rolled his eyes, and rubbed his hands and bowed. Mr Pargiter was too much' of a gentleman ever to contta'tct a lady, beside being a popular art teacher, with a highly aristocratic connection. There fore, he would have said " Oh, cer tainly !" if Lady Tomlinson had wanted to learn to dance on the slack wire. "I want you give me lessons, Mr Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson.- ".I mean to exhibit at the Royal Academy;'. said Lady Tomlinson : "I mean to be a distinguished amateur, and I want you to showme how, and give me lessons." " Oh. certainly !" said Mr Pargiter. "Pray name your own terms," said Lady Tomlinson; "expense is no object, but I want the whole thing to be a secret from my husband and my friends, Can we begin to-morrow ?" "Oh, certainly I" said Mr Pargiter, once more. Then Lady Tomlinson banded Mr Pargiter a cheque for a substantial sum, and requested him to attend at -ten o'clock the next morning with what she 'caled the necessary outfit. Next day, at ten precisely, a four wheeled cab containing Mr. Pargiter,'a large easel, several canvases, numerous broen-paper parcels, and: a lay figure, drew up at the Tomlinsons' house.in Palatial Crescent. " Mr Pareiter was shown at once into her ladyship's `bon doir. S"NOw. Mr Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, when she had welcomed the artist, " I should like you to paint me an ideal head." He stares at her, and suggested that the usual way was to begin by drawing from what he called. "the round" in charcoal. "' You won't refuse to oblige a lady," :she said. "I'm sure I shall learn much more easily by seeing you work. My idea. you know, was that you' Ehould paint and I should look on--just at first, you know. till I get my hand in." So fr Pargiter began to paint the head of. what he called a two guinea rustic. Mr Pargiter was accnustomed to 'dispose of heads of this descriution to Wuggles, the frame maker and picture dealer, for forty-two shillings. It would be labelled - ":-i: :,, Original Oil Painting, by Pargitar, t ~i' youn to' leave the background !'-.i:! 2til.tlh~ yery last," said Lady Tomlin son "Oh, certainly !" replied the artist. I believe you artists," said Lady Tomlinson, "often smoke while yon paint. Are you a smoker, Mr Par giter-?: "'Iwork twice as well when I smoke," .saidthat gentleman; and there was a knowing twinkle in his eye as he said the words. Lady Tomlinson left the room; she returned with a box of Cabinet Partagas. " These are what Sir John smokes," she said; "pray make yourself at home, Mr Pargiter." ":That gentleman took her at her word-; he worked away for four hours at his rustic head, and he smoked no less than seven choice cigars. Then he received permission to depart; and as he walked home he wondered considerably, for Lady Tomlinson had been engaged upon a three-volume novel from Mudie's lur ing the whole of the-well, lesson. "However, it's none of my business," thought Mr Pargiter, who was a phi :: -osopher; "and besides, she makes it worth my while." It took Mr Pargiter four "sittings" ;:. to finish that rustic head. When it was : : quite done he remarked to Lady Tom Enson that there was nothing more to do ' thian to smndge in a background of burnt 5: sienna. " l"That's where I come in," said Lady "Tomlinson. " If you'll do the edge of the bsackground in all the little in-and Sout places round the head I'll finish it." : They carried out that simple pro gramme. "Now, there's nothing left but to sign ' t, I suppose," Eaid her ladyship. SE;xctly so" aid Mr PFargiter. ad ,:'· : :- . he tonk a little squheze of ivory black on the point of a small brush and was about to affixi the magic name of Pargiter. "Let me try," said her ladyship. She took thebrush from Mr Pargiter's hand, and in great sprawling letters she wrote in the right-band corner of the picture, " Gwen. Tomlinson." "Madam." said Mr Pargiter, with a low bow. when she had finished, " you're a genius. And then she placed an envelope in the artist's hand. "I. can trust you, Mr Pargiter ?" she'said,.in those soft purring tones of hors.. Mr : Pargiter laid his hand upon his heart,. gave Lady Tomlinson what looked very like a wink, and assured her. in solemn tones, that she could. . Two days afterward Lady Tomlinson was * At Home." I was there; I am ani art critic by profession, you know. On a green plush easel, draped by a heavy curtain of green plush, stood the rustic head in an eight-inch gilt frame. 'I don't know what the head was worth, bhut the frame was cheap at a five-pound note; " What do you think of it," Mr Y Scorcher.. bleated that innocent lamb, r Lady Tomlinson, to me. "'l'ce just Y got it home from my frame-maker's, and e it's the first of my efforts that I've had r the hardihood to show to my friends." I compared it to Grenze. I said it remnin.edme of Madame Vigeole Brun, i. and various other artists: Next :spring they hungitat BurlingtonHoiouee; they Shung that two- guinea Pargiter, and we all went into ecstasies at the private view. But the measure of Lady Tomlinson's Sin'quity was not yet fell. She pulled down the wall papers from her boudoir, ° and she decorated the walls of that s apartment with an extraordinary compo 'r sition of tress, flowers, sunsets, wheat s sheaves, and good-looking children and Y girls, under the superintendence of the villain Pargiter. Half London went to see it. Sir John Tomlinson is justly proud of d his wife .. She is an artistic light now. Y She has only to take a young artist by the haud and his fortune's made. SI'm 'very fond of Lady Tomlinson," said Mr Pargiter to me the other day ; i' she throws a good deal of work in my Yiay." 