THE BITE OF THE COBRA I wonder what aort of a sensation it is to be bitten by a cobra and know that one most die in a half bonr or so,' drawled ont Capt. Gordon, as he puffed lazily at his cheroot on the verandah of cne vjue nooarea ana jxidto naeurr mess at Fjzabad. It was after the mesa dinner and the regimental band had bagged their in struments and gone silently sway into tbe hot stifling night. Half a dozen officers were recliuing in ' long-sleeved (hairs, their feet up on the arms, end (nene> mifll tllonfff tef 1M flffiftina tn F=S«| """ rew»ewj we evw, « long glasses like gnm sentries, to keep the demon thirst away. ' Well, I know exactly bow it feels,' chipped in Binge — Binge, ' the stoic,' as he was called — with an earnestness that fairly took away Gordon's breath. 'Yes,' added the new speaker, 'I have ' been there,' as they say, but laogoage cannot convey the full horror of the feeling. It was yeara ago, when I first came out to join, and we were stationed in Bnrmah. I was on special duty oot in the jnngle and where we were located was the snakes' paradise. Hardly a day paaeed that we did not kill one or more nifline in nr nhrillf thfl hunffdlflW. Ill W&S; & continual cry of 1 Samp faai, Bahib ' (a snake, sir), with a regular cteariog out of all servants. ' It really seemed that alt the poison ous snakes in India had agents doing business in that part. Immense boaa, sleepy, devilish karaitos, vicious aepa and adders, and now and then a cobra, chock fall of fight. No man thought of putting on bia boots without giving them a good shake first, and even clothes were inspected at arm's length. ' I received a rare shock one day — a sort of preliminary canter to the cobra episode I am shoot to relate. I had just finished my bath end was pulling my banian over my head when a huge centipede lost his hold inaide of it and -rolled down my back. Ugh 1 it made my flesh creep to look at the loathsome, poisonous thing. ' Another time I found a cast off akin of some poisonous snake on tbe edge of my bed just outside of the monjerie (mosquito curtain), that bad been probably slipped off wbile I slept. ' Tou will understand that fresh ont from home, as I was, ell this sort of thing crept into my dreams; sleeping meant one long, continuous nightmare. The bungalow was the usual style of things in Burtnab, bamboo and leaves. It was raised some seven or eight feet from the ground on posts ; but this only seemed to tempt some unwelcome guests to climb up and nest in the leaves of the thatched roof. Dnring tbe dry weather they lived in the ground in holes which a mistaken sort of pro vidence provided for them, and when the big rains set in tbey were drowned out aud came to the bungalow as a nice dry place to live In. 'One hot, sweltering night, I was lying in a state half asleep and half heat stupor, when I suddenly became aware that a dark,flatebject, in which gleamed two spots of malignant light was moving np along my right leg — -just between it and the monjerip. I could just see it over my limb and tbe blood in my veins simply froze with horror aa I realized that it must be either a cobra or a karaite. The body of the serpent was evidently in the bed aod the head elevated just enough to watch my face. A queer constrictive sort of feeling shot up aud down my scalp aud the hair stood onl straight, I am sure. ' 1 There are no words in wbioh I car? convey the slightest idea of the full measure of .loa'haome horror whioh took possession of me and turned me sick| with the intensity of its dreadfolnessi when I recognized that I was abnt up' in that curtain with, and completely at; the mercy of one of thorn death- deeling-j fiend?. I dared not move a muscle — to call out meant death, for were be roused,, either by fear or anger, be would deal out death to the nearest living object with tbe rapidity of lightening. My IIMiU DM IjriUg uvwu wmsuw and already I could feel his cold, elimy body moving over it, If my blood waa frozen before, thie chilled tbe very marrow in my bones. I could see very, little, by the light ofthe flickering lampi which hung in the verandah opposite my room door, beyond that flat, swaying head, set like a fiend's toy with those devilish gleaming eyes. ' I felt that I could not stand it mucl .longer. I Bhonld become a raving mania if something did not happen eoon. 1 almoBt wished that lie wonld strike and end tbe dreadful suspense. I knew' that be wonld not volnutarily leave tha bed all oight, and would moat probtblrt coil himself up on my cheat avJjerr J there. : One year, two I lay thus, with the brats / Interminable length over my hancl"— 1 ten yeare ! for-next day I waa ten years older aod my hair, which was black when I went to bed, was as gray as it 1b now. Then I roust have moved my hand, forthe fiend struck— without warning and with such devilish rapidity that I saw nothing, only felt.-tbe sharp, lance like ' threat iu my_thigh. With a rush my blood, fwhich had been standing atiU in; "my veins, I think, went tearing through my "body again, and before my horrified ciy had ceased to ring through the bungalow, I. yrak standing on the floor clear bf the wrecked monjerie. As I sprang from the'bed when lie struck I felt hia body go hurtliiig over my heed up against the pillow as I threw up Ike arm he had been lying on. ' Brown — -' Bangle Brown aa he was callfld then, becauae he need to wear a silver bangle on bis left wrist that aome girl had given him — -was calling from the next room .'Who ie there I who is there f and the whole bungalow wbb eoon in a turmoil- ."Gold dropB of per- eplration-iolled down my -forehead, and my face wot like the febe.of. w . dead :-mati," Brown fold, when I weiit info hie room, where he had a tight -« < Have yon seen a' ghost f he asked ' ' Worse than that,' I replied, I have hBen bitten hF-atednV " Nonsense,; man,' die ejaculated, 1 you7 have been dreaming,' bnt hie fooe was Bshypale now.too, t "flfe arB the marks of hlafengBi Td,;feXbteyfoifi0> ;wdHiere, .ama.pnoughi tegre' two 3t»yi infeurea and a drop of blood oozing nom one. ; " There could be no -doubt about "It now-3iis11ght lad swept away the last veetigejof hope. jrAll that remy nefl to do waa to make a fotiie 1 the deadly poison. Alreal a peculiar twitching seosau lines run from the nose dot corners of the month ; andl dull tugging Bortof pain in l feeling as though the bloodV . forced through it at an \ pressure. My head was dizzy \ eyes hot and blurred, and it wfe. the greatest difficulty that I could \ my mind from wandering. I cot, hardly articulate a word aDd when I dn. manage to speak I wonld say what I did\ not mean — using the wrong word. It wee evident that the poison was begin- ning on paralyze my nrain ; ana aireaay I felt an almost unconquerable desire to lie down and go to sleep. ' By thia time Brown and the others were thoroughly awake to the serious ness of tbe case and had started in to do all in their power to Bave me. Brown was a sort of amateur eurgeou and always carried a small apothecary establishment with him. .< I bbw him whip out a lancet and look -at me in a questioning way. I nodded and in an instant he . had tbe piece surrounding the bite out and bis lips applied to the gaping wound. ' Here, gentlemen, ie the soar,' and UtepiAJCU au Ugl j ivvaiug Wbauitvu tbat bore unmiBtakable testimony to the heroic courae of treatment Brown had adopted. ' Yonng Balaton brought me a peg, iu desperation, that- wonld have made one of those Bengalis BabooB who pnniah a bottle of bazaar brandy at a single sitting, yell with anguish. He admitted to me afterward that Baloo, the bearer, had told him to give me a strong dose of red pepper and whisky, for it had cared a brother of hie once. He had tasted it himself aod it was simply iiqnid fire dilated with whisky, bat to me it was only ae water. ' Giving me a dose of permanganate of potassium, Brown placed me in the bands of two Sepoy orderlies, with strict orders to keep me goiog, swearing that he would shoot the first man that let me stop — for to rest for an instant meant certain death. " Now, lads, let's kill the devil,' he said, when be had done all he conld to save me; ' we shall find him coiled np in the bed waiting for another victim.' At these words a sudden fnry took possession of me and I said ' Let roe be in at the death— I will kill him before I die myself.' 1 Grabbing the lamp and a stout stick I roBhed into my room, followed ratber cautiously by the others. I flashed the light on the bed, holding the stick poised aloft for a quick, strong blow, bnt there was no object there to vent my fury npon. Then I remembered that I had thrown him np over my head when I jumped from tbe bed. Telling Brown to throw the pillow over with a quick movement, I held the lamp in my left hand and stood ready to give" bis cobrasbip hie quietus with a powerful blow. 'Quick as a flash the pillow was jerked to the other end of tbe bed and there was a rush of a dark brown body, with tbe devilish eyeB gleaming lite two baleful sparka The stick dropped from my nervnleBS grasp and I tumbled to tbe floor in a heap. It was only a rat ! ' The perspiration broke out all over my body and I was as limp as a rag. Tbe nerves, strung up to tbe tension that feed. S aid ""andlia eTwT ana-i. | i Tin Black Materials we are showing somt pretty fancy effects at le, le 3d, la 6dL L lid, 2a 6d and 2s lldper yard j In Cotton Goods we have a fine choice o white ground Bloumngs at 4b lid, 5s 11<? 78 6d per dozen. ' As it is impossible to give here any ado qnate idea of tbe-enormons stock we keep L thie department, we beg to eay font we ac always pleased, to supply samples post fr on application. 