The Disappearance of Mr. Derwent. A MYSTERY. D13 THOMAS COBB, Author rf "The House by the Comnnnon," " eidderburn's IWill," " The Westlakes," ac, c*o. (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER VIII.-(Continued.) ' He wishes me to leave my present home and find a new one at The Laurels,' she expained. 'And your answer, Miss Der went ?' 'I temporised. Yet the offer pre sents temptations. Dr. Viret even said I might bring my own servants, but the only one' I should wish to take can never leave the house again until her funeral. Ann has heart disease; it seems to be increasing daily. What a house of mourning ours has become! For years it was the happiest in the world, now we are making amends. There is nothing but misery in the world !' ' I wouldn't let myself think that,' said Owen, ' it is so terribly easy and so fatal. While the darkness lasts one forgets that the sun ever shone.' ' Will it ever shine again, Mr. Fair ford ?' 'Oh, I hope so,' he answered. ' You must believe there's a balance of good in the world. It is a necessity of existence.' 'But is it true ?' she asked. ' " We can only trust that somehow good will be the final goal of ill,"' he answered. ' So,' he added, presently, 'you think of accepting Viret's offer ?' ' What would you advise, Mr. Fair ford ?' ' I'm afraid I am not distinterested -I stand to lose a friend,' he an swered. 'If I go to The Laurels, it will not be as a prisoner. My friends can surely find their way. But I forget, you are a misanthrope.' ' Because circumstances compel me to isolate myself !' he cried. ' I assure you I am far from being a hater of my kind. Once I lived a wider life, had definite aims and ambitions-' ' Have you no ambition now ?' she asked. ' Scarcely. It is too impossible. Yet the old Adam crops out now and then.' 'Is it a close secret ?' 'I am afraid so, Miss Derwent.' ' And you intend to carry your am bition to the grave ?' 'On the off chance of its blossoming in the dust ! But it is far too ghastly to joke about,' he added; as they reached the village. CHAPTER IX. . TIZZIE l"s d FRIGHT. Wealth, the political economists tell us, is the result of labour, abstinence, and risk. Joe Bodger was fulfilling each condition. His labour might almost as well be hard labour; for abstinence, save a few stolen visits to the village inn, he might have been a member of the Blue Ribbon Army; and as to risk, were not MIrs. Caw drey's watchful eyes ever upon him! ' What with one blessed thing and another,' he said, with a yawn, 'a joker wouldn't be no worse off on the mill.' This at half-past one o'clock on Saturday morning, as he stood upon a chair, peering through the hayloft window into the front garden. A quarter of an hour later his attention became more fixed. He distinctly heard the front door open, and flatten ing his nose against the pane, risking his neck by standing upon tiptoes, watched until he saw the same stiff, clumsy figure, veiled as closely, her large whito hands bare, walking back and forth in front of the hall door. Having formed a theory, he burned to test it. If she did not quit the gar den, he could not effect his purpose; and, judging from past experience, it might be some time before he found another opportunity. Presently, ceas ing her walk to and fro, she went to the gate, and stood there as if hesi tating whether or not to pass through it. ' That's all right!' Joe exclaimed. Malking up her mind at last, she set forth in the direction of the church yard ; and, descending from his perch, Joe struck a match, took a few tools from his tin box, went downstairs, and stopped outside the drawing-room window. To push back its fastener was the work of a few seconds, and once within the room, he crept noiselessly towards the door. Easy to force this if it were locked, but not without leaving traces, and this he felt ex tromely desirous not to do. His teeth chattered as his cold fingers grasped the handle. The door opened, and with cat-like tread Joe stole up stairs. Finding the way barred, he retraced his stops, and this time approached the door of Owen's bed room. Beads of sweat stood upon his fore head, and his knees knocked to gether, as he stood listening. His next step was full of risk. He felt certain that he should find it empty; but, after all, Joe was but human, his theory might be a mis taken one, and if Owen were there; his whole gamb would be inevitably spoiled. Gripping the handle with his left hind, his right upon the 'jommy' in his pocket - a handy Sweapon as well as an invaluable tool -Joe cautiously turned it, and going "down upon all-fours, crawled towards rho bed with his heart in his mouth. ZAt its. side he stopped, strain ing his ears to listen. His hand trembled as he struck a match, shad ing it so that the light fell upon the bed. It was unoccupied; the clothes had not been disturbed. Upon it lay the black coat in which O wen had dined. Once safely in his own room again he took off his collar, lighted his pipe, and sat down upon the edge of the bed to reflect. What did it all mean? Owen's room empty; the woman prowling about the village! If nobody occu picd the upper floor, why all this mystery concerning it ? Quite conceivably Mrs. Cawdrey might convoy food and other necessa ries upstairs; yet Joe had been on the alert. Sarah had also been observant from different motives, and neither had ever seen her pass through the door. Joe was no nearer the solution of the mystery than ever, but of one thing he felt no doubt: there was money in it; there must be money in it-a lot of money. But before he could put the screw on he must see his way a little more clearly. And he determined to stay, and dig in the garden, and clean the boots, and keep his ferret eyes open. The following Monday Florence was alone in the drawing-room when Owen entered, and, after a few casual remarks, inquired about Ann. 'She is much worse,' was the answer. 'She can hardly be left night or day now. Dr. Viret is very anxious.' 'I am sorry,' he said. 'I felt afraid I should not hear she was better. You see, it served as an excuse for calling.' 'Surely none was necessary, Mr. Fairford.' 'A sop to one's conscience. It sounds wretchedly weak, yet, never theless, it is a fact. I have no busi ness to come.' ' Yet you are hero ?' 'One's very being cries out for a little indulgence sometimes. Of course, it has to be paid for; still, one takes the risk.' She bade him good-bye, perhaps loss cordially for this last speech. He ought not to speak ,like that. Not that she felt actually annoyed, only it rendered intercourse more difficult. And why had he no business to jcome to see her ? And this being so, then why did he come? Well, it was not difficult to guess, but she wished the words un uttered. That evening Ann appeared so much worse that Florence wished to sum mon Dr. Viret. But the sick woman implored her to refrain. 'Doctoring isn't any use to me, any more than it was to the dear mistress,' she said. 'I'm past all that, Miss Floy; and, thank God, there's no one here to take you away, as they took me from her. It isn't the dying I fear,' she added, presently ; ' I'm not afraid to die; only it's the pain drives me mad, it does-' Florence yielded so far as not to send for Dr. 'Viret. but towards one Ao'Fln Ann became vory restless, and she determined to delay no longer, believing at the moment that the last hour had come. Now Lizzie, the red-haired house maid, was born in Rookfield, and had never been farther than ten miles from its church. In fact, Mr. Mogford, senior, had occupied the re ponsible post of grave-digger for a great number of years. But no amount of familiarity with the village could reconcile her to the ex pedition to The Laurels at half-past one o'clock in the morning which Florence now proposed. However, she could not disobey Miss Derwent, and leaving a candle burning on one of the two carved oak chairs in the hall, she opened the door and set forth. A quarter of an hobr later there was a loud peal at the bell, and, after rousing the cook, a woman of timid temperament, Florence, lest it should be repeated and disturb Ann, who now showed a tendency to sleep, went to open the door herself, followed after a few seconds by the cook en desha bille. To her surprise, she saw Lizzie on the step. Rushing frantic ally into the hall, the girl sank down into the unoccupied chair, covered her face with her hands, and began to weep hysterically. ' You have not been to Dr. Viret's already," exclaimed Florence. ' What is the matter ?' 'I couldn't go out again to save my own life, let alonie Ann's !' the girl re plied, between her sobs. ' Oh Lord ! I nearly ran atop of her!' ' Ran on the top of whom ?' ' I don't know, Miss Floy. A great, big, tall woman, walking like a ghost or in her sleep.' Lizzie shivered from head to foot. ' She had great white hands-Oh Lord!-and the face was hid by a veil; and when I shrieked, just give me a look, and walked on, taking no more notice-' 'For goodness' sake,' cried the cook, from the staircase, ' do lock the door !' ' Not yet,' answered Florence, trying hard to speak steadily. ' If-if Ann is not better, I must go myself.' But it was a great relief to find Ann asleep on reaching her room, and to be able to reconcile herself to letting Dr. Viret remain undisturbed till the morning. CHAPTER X. AIRNOLD DERWENT. ' Why ever didn't you send for me before ?' was Dr. Viret's first question on leaving Ann's room at eleven o'clock Tuesday morning. ' I did send,' Florence answered, as she entered the study, ' but--' ' Nobody came!' ' I sent Lizzie; but when she got as far as the church, she saw somebody took fright, and ran back again.' ' Nonsense, nonsense, Florence !' 'Well, she insists that she nearly ran against a tall woman in black, and, of course, she must have seen some body.' 'Whom could she see?' he de manded. ' Who would be likely to walkabout the village at that time of night ? All nonsense.' ' A somnambulist, perhaps.' 'Do you know one? Now, about yourself. You are getting worn out. I don't want to bother you, but I speak as your medical man, though you haven't asked for advice. You must just pack up and come to The Laurels.' 'Don't think me ungrateful,' she said. 'It isn't a question of gratitude. I've told the housekeeper to get your room ready.' ' But I can't possibly leave Ann, Dr. Viret.' ' H'm!' he ejaculated. ' I forgot Ann. I suppose you can't leave her very well. Still, Ann's days are num bered, I'm afraid; and, in any case, you can't stay here for ever.' ' r. Edwards said I could stay until Arnold's return,' she replied. ' Your cousin can't arrive for another month at least. Not then, if there's any delay in receiving Edward's letter.' As he was speaking the door opened. 'Mr. Derwent- ' Lizzie began, when, in a state of intense excitement, Florence rushed towards the hall. ' Father'! father!' she exclaimed, when Dr. Viret laid his hand upon her arm as she reached the threshold. ' My dear child ! It must be your cousin. Can't you speak, woman,' he added, turning fiercely upon the ser vant. ' Mr. Arnold Derwent, doctor.' ' Then why couldn't you say so ?' Without waiting for Lizzie's answer, Florence ran into the hall, and almost into the arms of a short, broad shouldered, fair young man, who, coming eagerly towards her, a plea sant smile upon his frank-looking face, seized both hands, and kissed her. His face was deeply tanned, almost to match his light moustache. When Florence bade him good-bye some months ago, he had worn a beard, and at first the difference made by its absence struck her forcibly. His tweed suit showed signs of wear and tear, whilst his pale blue eyes rested upon Florence in evident satisfaction. For through good report and evil re port Arnold had never ceased to love his cousin-in a manner. If he was not a prey to any deep heart-burning during absence, he felt exceedingly glad to see Florence again. His affection did not rob him of flesh or colour, nor prevent him from enjoying life. He possessed a big heart, and she might reign in it without ruling alone. But he felt remarkably glad to look upon her sweet face once more; and she felt glad to see Arnold, albeit she wished that he had not re verted to the mode of greeting of earlier years. ' I can't tell you how pleased I am,' she cried, shaking his hands heartily. 'I have longed for your return, al though I hardly dared hope for it yet awhile.' 'You don't know how I've longed to get back, Floy,' he answered, quite as enthusiastically. ' Every day since I said good-bye I have ]nnk forward to this. How are you, Floy i All right? As for me, I never felt bettor.' Releasing her hands he turned to wards Dr. Viret, and remembering that she had made the doctor's acquaintance only after Arnold's de parture, she introduced the two men, and led the way to the study. Naturally cooler than either of the others, Dr. Viret at once grasped the fact that Arnold must have left the Cape before the delivery of Mr. Edwards' letter informing him of Mr. Derwent's disappearance, of which, therefore, he was probably ignorant. Desirous as ever to spare Florence's feelings, he laid a hand on Arnold's arm as she entered the room, and, lowering his voice almost to a whisper, said ' You have only just reached Eng land, Mr. Derwent? It seems odd to call you that.' 'I got to Southampton Saturday night,' was the answer. ' I arrived on the Radnr--capital ship.' ' Then,' said Dr. Viret, still speak ing in a whisper, and stopping a few feet from the threshold, ' you cannot have heard of your cousin's trouble of your uncle's disappearance ?' Arnold entered the study as he re plied, making no attempt to keep his words from Florence, who stood wondering why the two men hung behind. ' Oh, I have heard all about it,' he said, quite cheerfully. ' It was the first thing I saw at the hotel at Southampton-the advertisement of the reward, I mean. A regular knock down blow for a chap.' He looked as if he had picked himself up again very successfully. 'Yes; directly I took up a newspaper, there was the advertisement staring me in the face; and all Saturday night I couldn't sleep for thinking of it. Yesterday morning I took an early train to London; but old Edward kept me hanging about all the morning, and I thought I would not show up here till to-day.' " '/To be continued). 