The usual monthly meeting of ,the Avoca Shiro Council will be held at Monnambel tp-movrqw week. Tondors for various works In tho Shiro of Avoea, returnablo on Tuosday next, are invited. Particulars will bo found in auotlior column. Tho Avocn Dislriot Brass Bund, undor tho leadership of Mr T, Hellings, per. formed .sevoral soloctionB at Homohush on Saturday ovoning, Thoro wore a great number of peoplo present, and they voluntarily contributed theexponses of tho band, whioh is in itaelf an evi- denoo of appreciation. At St Johu's Church of England, Avoca, on Sunday morning, Arohdeocon Groon, Bishop-oloct of Grafton and Armidale, preached nn excellent sermon to 0 largo congrogation. Tho discourse was much appreciated by these preseut, aud all expressed a hopo to again' hoar tho Arohdeocon at some future time. In .the. afternoon ho delivered uu address to young people and this wus also well at- tended. Sunday evening last was a'memorable one in connection with tho -Avooa Wes ley nn Cliuroh. The occasion was the preaching of a farewell Bermon by the Rev P. Qnusor, prior to his departuro for Walhnlla, and as that minister ir widely osfeomod as a townsman and vory popular as a olorgyman, tho church was packed to its utmost! spare forms having to be brought from. the Sunday school and placed along; tho aisles, and in evory available space. Even then nil did not get inside, but those who could not patiently heard tho service through from tho doors. The congregation was composed of members of evory denomin ation in tho district, nnd many came considerable distances to hear -the fare well words of the departing preacher. Mr Hausorsolected his text from the second epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthians, the 13th chapter and the 11th to 14th verses: — 'Finally, brethren farewell. Be perfect, be of good com fort, be of one mind, live in peace ; and the God of love and peace shall be with you. Greet one another with an holy kiss. AH the saints salute you. The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the lova of God, and the communion of the Holjr Ghost be with you all. Amen." From these words he preached a most impressive sermon, and his address carried with it the conviction, if indeed that were required, of the intense earn estness of the speaker. His discourse was ono of good practical senso nnd sound advice to all, and the concluding remarks were listened to with a silence that showed how much tho friends be fore him esteemed and respected him. During the service two opthems were beautifully rendered by the choir, the first being " Mizpah," and the second " Trusting On." -At the conclusion of the service Mr Hauser walked down to tho doors t'f tho church and was shaken - hands with and wished God speed by each one as they passed out of - tho church, The folly of indulging too much in the glass that cheers but doth inebriate was discovered by four young fellows at the Avoca Police Court yesterday after noon, when they appeared before- tho Police Magistrate, and had to find the wherewithal to liquidate fines to the total sum of £9- The result will prob« ably bo that they have learned a lesson that does not require a too retentive memory to remember, A small rush has taken place near Stuart Mill, the locality boing known as Jewollor's Gully. Tho sinking is about eight feet, and theio are four feet of wasbdirt which yields fidwts to the load. The gold is of excellent sample and of u wuiur iriifii uiamutui. Dr Grevillo who Juts been away for some :llirco year visiting.tlie Old World, lias re turned again lo Australia, and was in Avoca ycslordny, when lie was warmly welcomed by his many friends. Tlio'doctor, who in forms us -that I10 lias enjoyed bis trip thoroughly nnd that it lias had a beneficial effect on his hi-'tlth, intends linvinc a lonk at Western' Australia before again settling down lo practice. Mr McAllister, who has been appointed to the permanent charge of Ihu Avoca Slalo School, has arrived here, and commenced his duties yesterday. Mr Harmer, who hns been relieving for somo timo has gone on to Pyra mid Hill to relieve there. Tho ordinary monthly mcetingof the Lex- tali Shire Council will be hold to-morrow. A mongst tho 'Wills and Bequests' in Inst week's Tabic Talk appears the following. — Emily Bacon, of Avoca, spinister, by her will dated 10th July, 1891, and presented for probate by Mr E, S. Herring, of Mary borough. solicitor, appointed her sister, Ellen Moore, wife of James Thompson Moore, of 'Yackandandah, teacher, executrix- She be- quenthed to her niece, Emily Moore, all her books, jewellery, lace and clothes, and the residuo to her said sister, Ellen Moore. Tes- tatrix died 18th February, 1894, and the estate is sworn at £200 real and £487 per sonal ; total, £687. Tho annual inspection of the .1 Company, of the Victorian Mounted Rifles is being conducted this week by Colonel Price, and that officer will be preBont to inspect tho Avoca (lctnchmont to-morrow. The parade is timed for 2 15 p.m., and it is necessary, in ordor to keep up tho reputation of tho dulacli- inout, that oncli man Bhould attend piinctu-' ally with his kit in good ordor. A lawn tennio match, that lias been caus ing considerable interest for Bomo days past, has been arranged between a local and pop ular bonifaco and ono of our prominent soft goods men, Tho contest will take placo at tho Recreation Club's grounds in tho Avoca Public Park to.moirow afternoon, and thero is certain to bo a large attendance to witness it. ho Ttropby to bo played for is a pair of tennis shoos, valued at ono guinea, which makes the affair the moro interesting. Both of tbo players were practising hard last evening, and owing to the form shown wo learn, just as wc aro going to press, that yo Boniface is a firm favorite at G to 4 on, while Softgoods finds many supporters at a short price: Of courso it is no unusual thing to find the cadets of good familios who lmvo gono wild sorving in very humblo occupations, mostly in musical capacities in Australia. A true story of this character oamo to my ears a few days ago, and thero is a atrain in it that makes it interesting. Some years ago on Anderson'R Crook, Warrandyto, thoro' was a minor well proportioned, mnscnlar and of quiet habits, who kopt himself apart from his comrades but was still reapccted by all of thoin. Ono day a fall of ground took placo, lie being in tho .face at tho timo, and on clearing away tho mullock and lifting him ho was found to bo suffering horriblo ogoPYi though not a mark could ho found on IliB back wlicro the rook had struck him. It wss impossible to convey liini in a dray, his pain was too groat, so 18 stalwart minors volunteered to carry "him .on n lltlor to Mel bourne, acme 1G miles diBtant. Slowly tboy bore him to the. Melbourne Ilospitril whero 'ho "was 'at" ondoadmlttocl." His injurios, though certain to result in death, wore notof tho kind to bring it abouti immediately, and as ho: lay. lie babbled of his English sur roundings, his county and Ids oarly life. These reforcnccs awakened a responsive chord in his nurse's henrt, and sho, tearing away tho mask of his assumed naino, recog nised him as hor rooster's son.thn hair to ono of tho greatest and most wealthy b.ironotoies in England. Ho fell nsloop in hor arms, and was biiriod undtr tho name ho had borno when but n oimplo miner, but tho womrfn fulfilled lierduty in acquainting hit relatives across the soas that the heir and hopo of their houso had passed away. On tho body of a notorious brigand killod recontly in TV-key was found £4000 and a nnto book whioh bIiowciI that ho had mur dered 192 men. Tho amount ofgoldroia in actual circula tion in the world is estimated by tho Bank of Euglund officials to be about 9G6 tons. A child of three years old i'b half tho height that it will evor reach. In Australia many lioruoshocs are made of cowhide inBtoad of iron, ' Poor Mary Ann,' who doos not do vory badly in Victoria, apparently sots a still higher value upon her sorvioes in Now Zea land, whore ono of the sistorhood is said to havo recontly sent tho following lettor to a porson who offered her work .—''Will come in a fortnight, must lmvo twelve months en gagement, double hod, use of piano and pri vate parlour, three ovonings out, breakfast iu bed, ovory Sunday out, and thirty bob a week." There are about 30,000 women in the lnnatio asylums of Great Britaiu and Ire land. To bo perfectly proportioned a man Bhould weigh 28 pounds for every foot of his height. The United Kingdom's annual imports of foreign frnit are valued nt something like £10,000.000. The head of the rattlesnake has been, known to inflict a wound after being severed from the body. If a well could bo dng to a depth of 46 miles, the air at the bottom would be as dense as quicksilver. Moscow is ssid to have 1,706 'big bells,' the smallest of which weighs 5,000 pounds and the largest 443,772. The Premier hss promised that he will submit the Eupanynp to St. Arnaud line to the new Railway Standing Committee when appniuted. The bicycle has bcon called the poor man's horse, for which reason our sapient legisla ture has soon fit to place a duly of £5 .on each mschiue. When tho skull of a man who has died with delirium tremens is sawed into the gas which escapes can bo lighted, and will barn with a bluish alcoholic ilarno. A woman named Font, of Boolle; Liver pool, recently presented her husband with a family quartet— two boys and two girlB. All the infantB art doing wolf. ' - In a square iucli of the .human scalp '(.lie hairs nutnbor about 1000, arnTtho wli&lo; number of an adult is nboilt 120,000. The Emperor pf China" pays his soldiers at the Mnnificcnt rato of 1 dol, a mouth, out of which they are required to purchase their own food. Three times a weok Miss Joan Inglelow, the poetess, gives a dinner party. Hor guests are 12 poor persons just discharged from, tho hospitals of Loadon. Those who suppose that the people of all China use the same language nrc sadly mis taken. There are as many different dialects spoken in tho Flo'wcry Kingdom as there are in nil Europe. Gold was first discovered in California in 1848. Grace of manner courtesy of speech, re- verenco for elders and superiors, considera tion for equals, gentleness (eivards the weak, the young, and inforiors, a blinding of the eyes towards either poverty or fortune— these mark Die gentleman and the gentlowonian. Clothing and tho appointment of lifo are subject to the chnnccs nnd changes of for- tunc, but manners and spoecli, rather than the pomps or the poverlios, indicnto tho di. vcrgonco hotwoen high and low blood, noble nnd ignoble quali'ies. " Like Mother, like daughter," and " like father, like son," are ancient proverbs which, meaning anything, must signify as well as features that manner and hearings aro nn iuhcrilanae which is likely to become a part of one's natural pos sessions. Chrysanthemums, when attacked by the black aphis, should be sprayed with kcroscno emulsion. To mnlto the cmnlRinn, cut lip one ounce common soap inloshredH.and dis solve in ono pint boiling water. When dis solved, pour tho boiling solution into a vobsoI containing one part of kerosene and keep ngiUling tho mixture by means of a Btick on which lias been screwed a board abont 1 inch thick and 5 inches square. By moving this up and down rapidly for five minutes the wliolo is blended, anil when cool js like jelly. For use add 3 gallons of water, This is useful in dostroybg many forms of blight, lice on fowls, fleas on dogs, tick on Hlieop and so on. A bigamy case iu snid lo be coming on in London in which the prisoner will be con fronted with ojx wives. The Trans-Ljbcrian ..railroad, begun in 1891, is ok peoted to, bo completed iu, 1900., Tba line will be 5000 mi ies long. ' Table Talk' says that the engagement is announcod of Miss Doqagby, daughter of Ifr Donaahy, o-M.Ij,4. for Geelqqg will) Dr Naptlpno, of Slawell, A lareo area around Ilqpotouq has been ploughed, and it is oxpeoted an immense tract of malice land wjll he put nndor orop during the coming season. The ootiqtry looks splondjd. ' The Govornmont has undor consideration a proposal to reduce the pay to sjnglo men entering the police forco from Gs 01 to Gs a day. and that of married men from 7s to Gs Gd per (lay. From Now Guinea comes news that a sample of gold bearing stone brought from Suilost gavo the largo return a£ 08 oz to tho ton. Mining operations aro 'being vigorously prosecutor! iq Now 'Guinea. A letter has been received from the agent of the Paraguay Central ..railway at Buenos Ayres with regard to the New Australia settlers in Paraguay. Ho states that eighty scccders from the settlement have gone to tile Gonzalez colony, where they are qnite satisfied, and that the Now Australia settle ment is iq a very flourishing and promising condition. Miss Jessio Aokermao, ox-president of the Australasian W.C.T.U., on Friday de clined an offer from a gentleman and hia wife of £1000 as a personal gift qn the ova of her departure for South Africa, and asked that tbo donors _ would apply tho money to providing ah Australasian head-quarters for tho W.C.T.U. She was asked by the intercolonial convention to re-considor her determination and accent tho gift, A dreadful fate. John. Crossmon, s slookmsn,. whilst riding bareback at Ijlamurta mission station, S.A„ ruptured himself. Tho raaD suffered groaf ' pain, and as no medical aid was available, he stabbed himsolf below the ribs ('Ago') dy ing two hours later. Of 15,000 persons one arrives at the aRO of 100 years, of 600 one attains tile ngo of 90, and ono in 100, liveB to tho ago of 60. ... Somo timo- since -Professor Beaumont established a record for staying tinder water, in Melbourne at tho Opera House, There was not the slightest doubt about his slaying undor four minutes 25 seoouds. Now comes the news from Gormonion, in Northern Queensland, that a pearl diver is willing to make a match with Professor Beaumont for a stake of £200. According to the 11th census of tho United Statos of America 71 per cont of tho wealth is owned by 0 por oont of tho people, 20 per cent of tbe wealth by 27 per cent of the poople, and tbo remaining 9 per cent by G4 per cent of tho population.— Geo. Kay Holmes, ' Political Scteneo Quarterly.' Tho Now Zealand Govornmont continues its reformed land policy. Four thousand six hundred acres in the Marlborough dis trict wore decided to bo purchased last mouth by the Government, at £3 per aoro Tbis land is to bo .ub-divided into areas ranging from 200 to 320 acres, wbieh aro to bo dealt with on Bomotbing akin to the Single Tar System. Aoronauts cannot riso muob nbovo five miles of vertical height. This is attained by solf-rogiBtering balloons, wbieh tell us that aomo 90 degrccB of frost prevail up tbore. Why do flooks of wild ducks and goeso form a triangle when they have to fly long distances? Itisbeoauso tliey know that in that form thoy can cleave the air most oasily. Tiro most courageous bird telceg its porition at tho apex of the great triangle, and, when it becomes woary with the heavy tsyg, gnothef talfe? jls place, i 