Sara's Sksfwl. By Thomas John CrUson. Jonas Pray was born stingy ; he hid his sw*eetmcatK from his little brothers when he was a child, and smoked his cigars alone when he was a young man. Hy the time he was forty, Jonas Pray was a rich man, though lie lived as plainly as ever, and somehow about that age the first tender feelings he bad ever known crept buxom, good tempered young woman named Sira Woolwich, and offered itimself to her. He was not ati ill-looking man, and when he chose could make himself agreeable. Sara liked him and accepted him. Jonas meant to be liberal to her at first, but after a brief honeymoon of happiness bis old habile resumed their sway, and at last, the second winter of their married life coming on. Sara found that all her remarks about her shabby summer hat bad no effect whatever, and she might wait n long while without having such a thing as a comfortable cloak suggested to her. She had been a poor girl, and bad no trousseau to speak of, and she found it necessary to pnt her pride in bor pocket and ask for what she needed. It is hard enough for a wife to do that, but to be refused was something she had not calculated on. She knew her husband had a large backing account — there was no reason she should not dres& as well as any lady in the land. But when she had said, playfully, 'Jonas, shall 1 buy uiyBC'f some winter things, to-day? I uecd a shawl dreadfully,' he badanswered, 'I thought you were too sensible a woman to run after the fashions, Sara. I'm sure you have very decent things that you might wear a long while yet.' ' That ehows how much men know,' Sara answered, determined to be pleasant and not to hhow that she was hurt. 44 Von i would not like your wife to look 6habbv, j Jonas?' ' 'Well, no,' said Jonas; 4,no, but really, Sara, money is so scarce just now. Don't you think you might make what you have I do a little longer !' j ' How much longer ?' 6bc asked quietly. I '? Oh. I don't know.' said JonaB. 44 1 bad I an aunt who left me something when she | died who wore the same shawl anil bonnet sixteen ycnrP. and boasted of it too !' His wife looked at him and said nothing. '? F-conomy is a gTcat thing, Sara,' said Jonas, uneasily. ' It would be dreadful to die in the workhouse, you know ; and jou don't cave for oLber people's admiration, do ^u. Sara, when -ou know vour Jonas likes roii as nvU in rnur nWl-cii v%,{ elnf he* ? \V* , won't call them ' hbabbv,' Sara, only well ' Call them what you please, Jodas,1' said Sara. ' Tbev merit l-oth epithets.' She sat quietly with her hands folded on the table before her for awhile. Her tem per wa6 ribing fast, but she had 6ense enough to crush it down. A miser is the victim of a vice that masters bim-justas a drunkard is, Jonas was ashamed of himself even has he spoke, and she knew it. As she looked at him a little while giief came instead of anger, There was 60 much that was good about Jonas. It was terrible tosje this canker creeping over it ; to see the pinched Hues al-out bis mouth, tbe strange, anxious look in bis eyes. Poor Sara remembered s'oriesBhe had read of misers ; how they starved themselves while they counted their gold ; how some of them died in the dark to save can ilea, and how, through a long illness, one of tbe wealthiest of these uien refused to have a pillow Ixraght for him, or even a little sauccpan in which to heat his porridge. Would Jonas grow to be as bad as these? How could she tell. Once or twice ot late he had found fault with the amount of butter used, and moaned over bis butcher's bilL Hut men generally did eomcthiogof that sort, she hail heard; ami men knew- nothing about dress. ?She arose softlvaml went out of the room, and brought back ber lonnet and shawl and put them on the table before him. ' Jonas, dear,' she said, 44 1 don't want you how shabby they are. They were nice when wc were married, but they were cheap, very cheap — cheap things fade so. I liave made ever; thing 1 bad do for two years, ldid not like to ask. 1 have not spent one penuy of jour money for elothcg. You know you gave me two pairs of glovcB during our honynioon — I have them still.' '? What a good, careful girl,' said Jonas, earessiug her dark hair, as she came and sat on a low stool beside bim. ?? Yes, 1 have been careful. It is my na ture to be careful,' said Sara. Few rich men's wives would have done so much. Now look at these things, my dear.' Jouas looked. There came a time after ward when it seemed to him that the faded tint of that shawl, its diugy palm leaves of \ellow brown, and the wilted flowers and shabby ribbon of the l-ouncthad been seared iulo his brain. He looked at them long and lingeringly. Ho knew his wife was reason able, an I tluLt the things were, and long bad been, until for her to *tvar. But iits money tugged at bis beart-stringn. 'Suppose jou wear them one winter more Sara,' he said, ' Just one.' '?The s'aawl is very thin,' she said. 'I shall catch cold again, as I did last winter.' ' Poor girl,' he said softly, and looked to ward the desk whore bis cheque-bok lay. But the grip of the tieud tbat rules a miser's soul nipped him sorely as he did so. The momentary impulse vanished. BcsideB, a thought occurred to hira. 'They wear cloth jackets a good deal, Sara, don't they ?' he said. ?' Oh ! they arc very fashionable,' replied bis wife. 'They couldn't make pne of that old billiard-cloth that ie iu the trnnk- rooni ?' he sail. 'My poor mother bought it in an auc tion. She meant to use it for a coverlet ; but it'6 a very pretty green don't you think, fiara. and such a nice material ? ' There is a limit to women's patience ; this fugcusiiou measured Sara's. She started to her feet, and, gathering up her bonnet and shawl, walked out of the room. After she had gone, Jouas really looked at bis cheque book, and for at least two minutes contem plated drawing a large checqueand telling his wife lie ha 1 been teasiug her. But lie could not bring himself io do it. After awhile his wife looked into the room with her old bonnet on, and her shawl about ber shoulders, and said : — 'Jonas, I'm going to spend the day with my sister-in-law, but I shall be home before ' I hope you'll enjoy yourself, my dear,' said Jonas. He saw her eyes were heavy with weeping, and be looked away, ashamed of himself. Then be betook himself to his office, where be ground out bis money, and during the day compromised with himself. He would do no extravagant thing, but when he went home be would give bis wife what was nceeesarr. And, after all, as he said to himself, it would have been better to have doue it. He had gri- jvod her, and she was the only thing he loved on oartb. He went home earlier than usual that eve ning to make what amends bis soul would consent to, and as he walked briskly along, being light upon his feet yet— for whoever Ik ard of a miB'jr growing fat ?— be thought that he never again would bring tears to iho8egood, kind e\es- Never, never again, never again and theu — what was tbat crowd ? What had happened J People were coming hlsYway, looking iiackward as they came- Msti, koya» women, ^ little children, &U; the riff-raff that accident, orquarrel, or an arrest will collect in the streets ; and now he was is the midit of (lie throng and close to four policemen, who, with set faces, marched In time, bearing between them a stretcher on which lay & human form. It was covered — covered with a shawl. ? Jonas looked. Oh, Heaven, he knew the pattern of that shawl 1 Only a few hours before, its dingy -palm leaves of yellow brown, its faded fringe, its shabby brown centre had been spread before him. It was his -wife's shawl. ' Stop — stop— stop I he cried. ' Let mc see her I' . V Do yon know her t' asked the policeman. ' Let me see her face,' said Jonas, grow* lag so faint that a kindly, man hard 4-y sup ported bim by the arm. ' You'd not know her facc ; a telegraph pole fell on her ; it's c rushed oat of all shape,' said the policeman. 41 But shawls are alike. Keep up your courage. I don't think this is any relation of yours ; she's too tier bonnet. Tou don't know thatT' He held up a bonnet. It was crushed and. soaked with blood ; but Jonas knew it. The jtreaked purple ribbon, and a flower amongst the other flowers that had lost half its petals. He had fingered it as it lay on the table beside him, ' Vcs, I know it J' he cried. 4,Jt's Sara] It's my wife's I1' Then he pulled away the shawl from the crushed face, and fainted outright. But as his senses left him he heard some one say — 41 His wife I why, 1 thought she was a beg gar 1' And another answered — 'Like enough; they call him a miser. 1 know bim. His name is Jonas Pray.' They carried the poor woman home to Jonas Fray's old house, helping him to fol low as he came to himself. She was hud upon her bed, and there was a coroner's in* quest, and tbe women prepared her body for burial, talking amongst themselves of the abame it was sher a rich man's -wife, should : be so clad ; and then there wub a pause, and he might be alone with her if he would. Before the time came he had a cab called, and went out in it. He was driven to a large dry- goods establishment, where he asked to sec the manager, and was shown to his office. Tbe manager found him (here, a pale, miserable object, trembling and faint, as one in a deep illness. He was shabby too. 41 He has come tobeg thought the manager ; and bis 'What can 1 do for yon?' was Hut Jonss cared nothing for anyone's man ner now. He answered eadlv s- I want to buy a shawl.' ' A salesman will attend to you( sir,' said the manager. 'No,' said Jonas; ' I am too ill, too broken to talk to the salesman. I can trust you. 1 want the costliest shawl you have,' 14 A madman 1' thought the manager. ' Our costliest is 000 dot,' said he repressing a smile. 44 Have it put up for mc,' said Jonas, 41 Certainly mad !' said the gentleman to himself. But Jonas had drawn a checque from his breast, and with trembling band was filling up tbe. blanks. Tbe manager examined tliem carefully. ' Mr Jonas Pray,' he said, more respect fully. Then it flashed upon bim that he had read of a fatal accident to this man's wife tbat morning. It was a strange proceeding altogether. Secretly be called others to look at his customer. One knew him— financially it was alright. 41 And the rest is none of our business,' said the manager, as he saw the bundle of splendor carried downstairs after Jonas Pray. ' They spoke of him as a miser in the paper. That's a pretty purchase for a miser.' I Meanwhile. Jonas drove home. No sw^et face smiled a greeting. Within, all was hnsbed. Carrying the shawl under bis arm he went upstairs to the darkened room, where, understraigbt folds of wliite drapery, seemed to lie the sorrow of the house. A watcher sat there. He sent her away. Then alone in the room, he knelt down upon the floor beside tbe coffin. ' Sara,' be said. Sara, can you bear mc? I love yon, Sara ; but 1 was Buch a miser such a miser! 'I've bought you a shawl at last. Oh, Sara! Sara ! I've pail aB much as I could for it, my dear. You shall be wrapped in it in your coffin. I'll put it about you m}self. Sara ! Sara 1' He spread out tbe costly folds ; he lifted it iu his hands. A moment more he would have folded it about the dead form in the coffin, but attbat instant a voice cried 44 Oh, Jonas 1 Jonas, dear! Ob, my poor Jonas 1 My poor, poor Jonas 1' And turning, he saw his wife, either in tbe spirit or the flesh, standing behind him, His knees trembled under him. He cried oat to Heaven to help him ; but the figure came closer. It was no ghost but a living woman. She took liim in her arms. 4' Oh, how ill you look.' she said. 44 Did you really love me so ? And it is all my fault. I went to my sister-in-laws, and there in a pet— oh i J was so a 'gry, Jonas— I gave away my drcas, my shawl, and my bonnet to a beggar woman — and vowed to sit in one of my sister's dressing-gowns | home in. And the poor woman — who w»b tipsy, too, my dear -was killed two hours afterwards, and I never knew that she had been taken for me until this morning. Ob 1 such a dirty creature, my dear, the papers described her 1 And for a little while I was glad tbat you bad had a fright, Lut I'm aorry For an answer he picked up the costly shawl and wrapped it about Iter, and took her, folded in it, like a mummy, io his heart again. 'The miser is dead,' he said. 'But Jonas Prav will show his wife bow be cau cherish her.' He did ; and if ever afterwards Sara de tected symptoms of a relapse, all she had to do was to wrap herself in her wonderful shawl. The slight of it inevitably recalled the moment when he learned bow little after all is the value of money, and rcaliHed in agony of soul that 'should a man give all the eubBtance of his house for love it would be utterly contemned.' He may indeed love his money yet ; but he knows that he loves Sara more,-— Exchange. 