Sow Chinese Cheat Their Otad. A correspondent of tlie North. China Herald, writing' from the interior of Kiangsu province, mentions that one of the industries there is the manufacture of mock money for offering to the dead. Formerly the Chinese burnt sham paper money, bnt in these days of enlightenment and foreign intercourse the natives of Sooughong, Hangchbw, and other places have come to the conclusion that dollars are more handy to the ghosts than clumsy paper money; henCd they nowj, to a great extent supply their ancestors aftd departed friends with mock dollars. These are only half the size of real dollars, but there ap pears to beno more harm in cheating the dead than there is in cheating the living. Be sides the deceased are not supposed to know the difference, for many of them de parted this life before silver dollars were imported into China. A hundred mock Carolus dollars, done up in boxes, are sold for 34 cash. The operation of making this money is interesting. First of all there are blocks of tin which are melted down and then poured between hoards lined with Chinese paper, and when the upper board is pressed down on the lower a thickness of tin remains. This is next cat np into strips tin. long, lin. wide, and sin. thick. Some 10 of these strips are placed evenly together, one on top of the other, and one end is held between the fingers, when the workman proceeds to hammer them out till he has beaten them so fine that they are now 3ft. long and 1ft. broad, and so thin that tbey are not thicker than the thin nest paper. This is next pasted on com mon cardboard, which is then cut with a punching machine to the size of half-dol lars, and this having been done, a boy takes the cut-out pieces in hand, and with two dies, one representing the one side and the other the reverse, hammers impressions of dollars on them, and the mongy is ready for use. Another very curious instance of the practice of cheating the gods is re corded in the same journal, hut from quite a different part of the country. It appears that districts of the Anbui province have lately been ravaged by an epidemic, so that in many places the people were unable to attend to the harvesting of the crops. An attempt was then made to deceive the gods by "playing at" New Year's Day and pretending that 1st September was the first day of the new year. Every prepara tion for celebrating the bogus new year was made, such as burning fire-crackers and pasting happy sentences in red paper on the doors. The object was to make the god of sickness think lhat he had made a mistake in the seasons and had erred in bringing an epidemic on the people at a time when no epidemics in the course of nature should appear. As any action con trary to nature done by the gods is liable to punishment by the King of Heaven, the actors in this farce thought that the god of sickness would gather his evil spirits back to him for fear of the displea sure of his superior divinity. This child's play received the permission and co-opera tion of the local authorities, but so far no visible effects for the better are apparent. 