LONDON TABLE TALK. fFrom our Special Correspondent.] London, November 24, 1894. The metropolis is this week in the throes of the bitterest battle of the sects there has been in England for many long years. Hitherto the elections for the London School Board have been viewed by the most of us with indifference, quite two-thirds of the rate payers refraining from voting. But to-day's battle is being waged in grim earnest by practically the entire constituencies.' On the one side, are the " Diggleites," or Mode rates (" Inimoderates" would be nearer the > mark), led by Mr. Atlielstoni Riley, a High Churchman, and there can't be a doubt that if his party succeeds theological, doctrines will iiotots volens be crammed. down the poor little cliildren's throats in all board schools. The Progressives ! (which have such opposed organs of public j opinion as the Daily Mews, P. JI. Gazette, and I St. James's at their back) take their stand on ! the "compromise of 1871," whereby it was agreed that no dogmas should be taught in the schools, but that the Bible should be read and lay teachers instructed to give "such simple explanations of its meaning as were suited to the capacities of children." As Dr. Martineau says, "The so-called com promise was based on the assumption that, when all the differences of our English Christendom were struck out, there would be found the beating heart of a common Christianity sending a quickening life through all its members." This was so, and for 20 years Churchmen, Nonconformists, Catholics, and' Theists loyally held to the agreement, which the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London now admit worked ad mirably. Then Mr. Diggle and Mr. Riley grew restless, and the famous or infamous circular came out ordering board schoolmasters to see to the teaching of certain dogmas to their pupils. This raised such a storm that the Diggleites- grew afraid and bent before it. The circular was eventually withdrawn, and the president and his friends fell feebly back on the compromise. But they have shown their hands, and no one now really doubts that if they are returned to power the circular will presently be resurrected. On both sides great bitterness has been displayed and very violent language used. But this seems inevitable in disputes about religion. " I came not to bring peace on earth, but a sword." The news of the conviction of Mr. James Canharn Read was received with the greatest satisfaction throughout England. Of course the usual petition for a reprieve lias been promoted by the prisoner's friends, and being a popular person amongst his fellow-workmen it will be numerously signed. But Mr. As quith is not the least likely to do more than read it. The doomed man belongs; I take it, to much the same genus Mr. Grant Allen's " Curate of Churn side" in "Strange Stories." He has. iron nerves, 110 conscience, and an absolute lack of moral responsibility. All his relations seem devoted to him. His wife, whom lie deceived, his sweetheart (Miss Kempton) whom he basely seduced, and his brother whom he mixed up with his intrigues and compromised, have, nevertheless, remained absolutely faithful to him. "It is no use," said Mrs. Read, 011 the day after her husband's' conviction, "it is no use folks keeping on saying as John were a cruel man. Brom the day wo was married to the day he left me for that wicked minx Kempton he were always kind aud good to me. Depend upon ■ it if he've done wrong that 'ateful Ayriss creature or that 'ussy Kempton set him 011." I11 the same way Miss Kempton scoffs at the idea of Read murdering. Elorence Dennis. " He never gave mo a hard word and wouldn't hurt a fly. To talk of his .murdering' is sheer nonsense," she said. Harry Read had a linn belief in Jim's " getting off," not necessarily because of his innocence, but because he was "loads cuter" than a lot of chump-liead " coppera" (police). All his life Harry had looked up to Jim as a paragon of smart ness. It was incredible anyone should be able to "laud" him. There does notsecin any reason to suppose that the convict disliked Florence Dennis. Simply she was in his way and he removed licr, believing he could do so safely. The Eveniny Mews publishes two letters of Read's written to friends whilst in prison. They give a- very good idea of the flashy clever ness of the man, and also of the vanity which was the dominant note of his character. Needless to say he. knew very well they would find their way intb print. The first letter is dated October 26. It alludes at the outset to the supposed death of a friend's child, and he says, " 1 suppose it was like the unfortunate Firstborn of Egypt, ' which beasts had already succumbed ; first to the murrain and then the hail.' If this is so it was very rough on the kid." He makes a jocular allusion to the health and spirits of his friend, exhorts him to " put in a healthy old time in this veil of tears," and proceeds— "When I get out of this I propose taking about four solid uninterrupted hours in the prime of the morn ing in a special tete-a-tete with you, to tell you in the choicest and most emphatic English at my command what a double-barrelled fat headed sawdust - brained wandering de mented daft irresponsible imbecile you are. As Falstaff says, ' Oh, for breath to utter what is like, thee i' It can't be done under four hours ! I did propose giving reasons why, but will reserve them. Pen and ink will surely fail if. the smallest introspective capacity'on your part has not already convinced you how thoroughly you have deserved the above 'deli cate hint' of your impaired judgment! That's what you are, you blithering idiot. "Was the world as mad as this when I first became a dweller in this agglomeration of cubicles or has it gone wrong since out of my control? I had need to hurry up and out of it, to have set things light once more. To measure out justice to all is, I fear, hopeless—an ordinary life is not long enough ; but I do mean to make a supreme effort, as an acknowledgment to a few chosen ones. I am 5 ft. 3i in. in my socks, and mv fighting weight is 9 st. 10 lb., but I am one of that sort of worms'what turns,'and don't let some of 'em forget it. Eat the leek ! Why, I'll make them cat granite, and beg for hell as a relief. 'They shall digest the venom of their spleen, though'it do split them,' as my friend Marcus Brutus says. But friends I have, and their adoption tried, I'll grapple to my soul with hoops of steel, as Ophelia's pa told us at the Lyceum. Of course, I don't know how to weld the steel hoops to the soul arrangement, but I suppose my solicitor will know, he's a lawyer; and they say lawyers know everything—about bills of costs. I say, what a fraud everything is; and with what little wisdom the world is governed ! You only need ever so slight a peep behind the scenes to know 'how it's done.' With respectable stationery, a brass plate, a brass face, and no conscience worth speaking of, you may set up as you choose^—as either a solicitor, a barrister, a doetor, an architect, a notary public, an auctioneer,, or even an insurance broker—for if you know absolutely nothing you may hire a ghost for 25 bob a week and mouth his technicalities—thus 'tis done ! I'm out of this into the professions—-no more hard work for me—high-class sweating is the card ! When I first went to Southend I was inun dated-with all sorts of Paternoster-row litera ture, among them very many of those pretty embossed texts with silver or gold letters, on a chocolate or sky-blue ground with silken cords, for hanging on walls, with ' God is love,' 'Jesus only,' ' Thou God'see'st me,' &c; As I was saved and those aroundme were onlypolice men, andtbereforepast redemption, Igave.tbem nearly all away to them, hoping against hope ! I wonder if the shower will set in again when the papers begin to embellish their pages with my virtues! Thanks for cutting—it is purely imaginative—do not post me any more of them, but keep them until I come out, for my serap-boolc—I may utilise them later on in a projected autobiography to be entitled ' Reminiscences of a fathead's friend.' " Here Read makes an allusion to the fact of the de tectives questioning his children as to his whereabouts, and proceeds:— "Don't you see what it means? Unly this—that after nearly four months of hunting about all over the shop that they don't know now where I was! They are right dead off the rail with no serewjack on board. This to me is very amusing, but if I had been ass enough to open my mouth as wide as some people have, I should have lost the pleasure of seeing these people nosing round the back premises of Cooper & Co. They are quite 50 miles out now—I told them they were on the wrong scent in the very beginning, but they would not take my word. In a letter dated October 30,.Read writes:— " I got hold of the Daily Chronicle yesterday, and is it not teeming with news of mutual interest ? _ First there is Gilbert's new opera," another big success I hear—I should so like to see all the old faces togethe again—Barrington, Grossmith, Bond, Bainett,— it is quite a powerful .'company, with the added strength of Le Hay,' Mcintosh, and Kenninghajn with his delightful tenor voice. In Lloyd's this week the critique of this is illustrated by young Horace Mills,'who wrote 'Pimple the Pirate;' 'Robin Hood,' for which I wrote several lyrics; and 'Miss Emeralda' for the Gaiety. If youpshould be 'Lyric'way you might get me the libretto of ' His Excellency' and post along to me. How are your nerves after the ' Rosberry' thunder bolt ?. mine are all to pieces. What is it to be, evolution or revolution ? Is tills to be. the order of developments for our times—1870, Education Bill; 1884, Reform Bill; Hew Democratic vote; Hoihe Rule Bill; House of Lords Bill; One-man One-yote Bill; General Chaos and Disintegration Bill—the devil! Let us by all means have a representative House of Commons, and the suffrage is wide enough ■for the uext ten years, seeing one-third never vote and one-third don't know how to, but one-mah one-vote would ruin us. Fancy trust ing ' the Mob' with the government of such an 'intricate' Empire as this—.who know as much of the ethics of politics as my boot! As usual lam with the cold logician Joseph, who told us to sriek to the Second Chamber we have 'until we get one better'—but_hurry, up! What do you think of the Champion Pharisee Stead, with his new boom—'If Christ came to London.' What utter blasphemy for a man with such a toy of a mind as Ins ! and after his filthy 'Modern Babylon !' He is a newspaper man long before he is a purist. I wonder how long such a blazing query would stand un touched by the Materialists; when our.'friend W. S. Caine, of all people, in 'a way that is childlike and bland,',asks 'How can Christ come,to London, He being God, and God being omnipresent?"' ill-. Loekwood's conduct of -die Read prose cution (his first criminal case since he became Solicitor-General) lias been the theme of general praise at the bar. In moderation, in good taste, and yet in all the essentials of a conclusively proved case it left nothing to be desired. Read's defenders, on the contrary, made rather a mess of it. .. In putting forward an alibi attributing even a deeper de gree of moral . turpitude ' to the pri soner than he... had previously _ been, ac cused of, . they blundered shockingly. It did away with the last vestige of! public sympathy for the man. How hopeless the poor wretch's chance was believed to be by experts was revealed to me at the Savile Club the other evening, where an eminent legal i luminary announced in the smoking-room that the defence was all wrong. "If I had had the ease," said he, "I would have contended ■that the woman taunted him and that in an j access of fury lie fired and killed her. Ver dict—manslaughter." "But he would have got penal servitude for life," suggested some finfi. " Vrvv TiU'plv." siiid the luminarv. " but one. "Very likely," said the luminary, '' but that class of ruffian clings desperately to life. Anything is better than the halter." Lady Colin Campbell paid off a score she lias long owed to the noble family whose name she bears, when in No. 1 of the Realm she announced the aged MacCullum More's en gagement to Canon Knox Little's daughter. The Duke of Argyll is 71 years old, and has a modest little family of five sons and seven daughters, not to mention grandchildren galore. His grace's parent, the seventh duke, married thrice, but at his third essay he was only 54. On dit our Gracious Sovereign and the Princess Louise and her husband knew nothing of the venerable nobleman's belated love affair till they read the glad news in Saturday's papers. From the speed with which Lord Lome was summoned to Balmoral it is inferred that her Majesty's well-known views on second mar riages are likely to be conveyed to the head of Clan Campbell with some insistence. Whether in the face of them the lion-hearted old High lauder will wed Miss Knox Little seems doubtful. At the clubs short odds are taken the engagement .will be contradicted in a day or two. Meanwhile Lady Colin smiles venomously. It was not perhaps good taste to expose her fatlier-in-law'3 folly in the Realm, but it was natural and like her sex. The Campbells have given her many bad half-hours, why should she not return them one ? The process of booknmking has from time immemorial been so cheap m China that a book of 25 or 30 pages is rarely sold for more than a halfpenny. 