fresh departures. By 11 btbbling." aoticm of the ViotoriKn Racing "Ciafa's oozzimittefl in reviewing the run- kiiho ol the racehone Mayday at Moonee Vaffby, nndar the light thrown upon it by her 6tibBeqaerft performance at William stown, and by that of Colorado BabBequently, lb worthy of attentive eon- ei deration, especially bb they altered the oantion given by the Moonee Valley atewatfle to the trainer and rider to twelve months' disqualification 'of the former person and the mare, and to WAth- drawal of th® jockpy'« lioepae during the pleaenrD of the ootnputtee. xt i4iub h uub w uj luib, t ver, thaaEyAjUJ or lajdty is implied j ty bucr aueraon in the ahtion of the Moonee Valy etewardfi; they Bimply acted. withont the evidence which came beFore the ruling club's executive, and, in default of that' evidence, marked their eenae of Busgieion by the inquiry and subsequent caution. In taking this .action the cIuVb committee h&6, for the firet time, availed iteelf of the power ihe new ruleB give it to review running on another course, without any appeal from the previoaB d»QiBlon bqing lodged with it. This is a matter well worthy of notice. That tbe club has before panished those connected with a horee which had shown marked incomietency of form is true, the celebrated "Mata" case being a Jmost notable example of such action; bht in that case, as in any previous instances, the inconsistent running oc curred on their own course at Fleming- tnn. and nndnr their own erps. That the actiop now taken will tend to repress barefaced turf robberies is most probable. Certainly those who perpe trate thorn will He carcfql not to furnish evidence for their own cCndemBation by immediately eoing vastly improved form. Still, it is eRseotial that the greatest care be UBed in exerciping this power lest an innocent mpn should bo punished, for it is an oldjadage that " It is better that a hundred guilty men should ©scape thn th>t one innocent person should suffer," andhorees-and ospecially marcs — are, in the wordsof tho .old Scotch proverb, " Tefwble kittlo cattle to shoe ahint." Nearly all old racing men will remembor f10 " GJai Tidings" case at Caulfieid, .where tho stable hacked that gftldiog fer the SeUicg Race, of six furlongs, and he failed to get a place in a field of eicht. Yet. starting un- backed an hour and a half afterwards, with only a ponnd Ickr on his back, though fifties to odo were offered, he won , the Ladies' Tropjiy by a length and a ! half, over the same coarse, in half a second leas time, beating thirty-three others, araOng which were such celebrities bk Larpont, Wcstbnry, Morcur3( Bel- ladrQtn, Liberator, "erdure1 The Ghost, Transferred, Squireen — iu fact, all tbe faFtest horses of the day. This ie only one instance, but hosts of others will recur to the motnorios of racing men, in which orie gallop has utterly metamorphosed the form of a horBe. When to this we add the dif ference that being shut in for an instant, or disappointed in an opening, may make to the result of a race, it certainly em phasises the necessity of extreme caution 1 on the part of those who wield such vast powers of review. The future of Felling races is also to be dealt with, and hero the committee have certainly done the right thing. That ar- rangBmeqts have existed by which some horses which were entered at tho mini mum price and carried tho lowest possible weight returned to their owner in any case is well known. To prevent any thing of this kind, the English rule made half of any eurplusage realised over the price at which tho horse was entered to be sold equally divi sible between tbe fundr of the race- club and the owner of the ?ccond horse; and it will be remembered Luat at the meeting at which ihe rules were adopted Mr. Bradsbaw tried to get thifi provision inserted, but unsuccessfully. Now, however, the committee havo gone one better. In order to prevent col lusion between owners or other persons, they propose that, in case of any surplus accruing ovor the price at which a horse is entered to be sold, five-tenths of such surplus shall go to the fundH of the race club, three-tenths to the owner of tho second horse, and two-tenths to the owner of the animal running third. Thus it will be seen that the owners of, tnn second and tuira Dorses are bold directly interested in making the winner ' of a race fetch something near itF real valce, while collusion with the club, such as is referred to above, is rendered im possible, bb the club would be liable tp the owners of the second and third horses for half of any sum which a horse might be ran to over its entered selling price. That Belling raceB have of late become very unpopular wijh tbe public few will deny, and one suburban meeting has taken the bold etc-p cf eliminating them from its programmes, and with highly Eatiffactpry results. That in the past j they have led to conspiracies on the part of ownera who \vinhed to win a stake without having to pay to get their horse back, tho object of which was to let a orthlesB hpree win, i£ notorious. That clubs, in 6glf-defcnce, adopted, equally irqgipper measures to defend their in terests has bfen plainly elated, therefore refomi of the kind proposed will be wel- com£ by all right-thinking and clear- minded men. No one will donbt that tho committee of the Victorian Racing Club as at present constituted are actuated with a thorough and earnest desire for the best interests of the turf, and their real in this direction c&nnot; but win respect, Tho powers they now hold are immense, and it behovee all members of the club to take care that tbe position of members of such a tribunal will continue to be hold by men who, by upright and temperate judgment, while repressing evil wherever found, give a thorough safeguard to the juBt rights and liberties of the turf. 