GRAZIA'S MISTAKE, Br Mans Gaonols SunrLaN. crAPrEIR x. PAULA AND OnRAZA c5IV5ln AN INVITATION TO 0O Ta0HTINO. I am afraid she will weary you," Mir Veotnor remarked, as he gazed fondly down upon the beautiful sleeping ohild." , If you could slip her over into my lap it would relieve you of a tlereome burden. No," said Grozia, flushing beneath his anxioue gaze, "she would be sure to awake, and I thrnk a nice nap ise jst what she needs. If her faro could he shaded from the light, which eis getting very strong, I think she would be more oom forlab'o " SAl I that is well thought of, and re miuds me that I bare loft a nice umbrella by the wall where I was gathering roses. Erouso me a few moments and I nill soon be back with a shelter for Miss Edith and her kind prolootress," Mr Vontnor re turned, as he arose and sped back over the way he bad come but a little while before He was not gone long and, upon his reo turn, took up hie position where he could shade both Grazes and the sleeping child. Then, during the hour that followed, raszla forgot the sense of loneliness and desolation that had oppressed her in the morning, forgot the lapse of tine, the burden upon her lap, earth, sea, and sky everything but that luminour face beside her, the grave, rich tones that flowed over his lips, in sweet rhythmic harmony, to crostallise into werds of wisdm. brilllan: sentences, and sparkling wit. end to be cherished like jswela within the secret reoasees of her heart. hen little Edith finally awake, instead of a brief acquaintance of an hour, they both felt as if they. had known each other, at least in spirit, for years. - The child appeared to be very much reo freshed by her nap, and not a bit the worse for the fright and fall she had had. "Mias King, I am awed when I think whnt might have occurred, but for your preence here teis mow:niog. It was pro. videotial," Mr Ventnor remarked, when at last they arose to turn their stopu home ward. Orozia liftod a quick, questioning look to him. "Do you believe in a literal ' band of Provi:enoe P' she asked. " Perhaps not a literal hand,' he re. turned, smiling slightly, " but I certainly believe in an Overruling Power-in the love and caro of an all-vise Father, who guards and watchee over the beings he hes creathd I do you not P" "I used to," said Geronz, a flush tinging her cheek as she thus gave voice for the first time to the doubts that had been contending in her mind. "And why not nowP" was the grave gentle query of her companion. m Because, if such a hand was ever out stretched to guide my life. I lest my hold upon it-or, it lost its hold upon me, and left me to drift to a desert coast, to be s mitten, oppressed, and spiritually starved," responded Grazio, with a note of passionate pai in her voice. ' You I' said Mr Ventnor, in a tone of surprise. " I am afraid yenou couont your trials and forget to number your blesings, Miss King for, when I sa you lot night, so bright, so talented, and so arenouly attended by your friend, you eertainly seemed to he very far from being ' smitten ansod oppressed;' and now my morning chat with you has given me the impression that yen are anything but ' spiritually starved' Are you sure you are not regardieg life with a distorted vision p" he concluded. gently. The man's words were a sudden reveTao tion to Grazia. and she was instantly roneciooas stricken with them. Surely she had been 'counting her trials and forgetting to number bher bless ings,' in her fierce rebellion against the ruin of her hopes, which, now she could realise, bad been only the result of bher own mabness and wrong-doing. Her father had wanted her to accompany hin, and his wife upon their trip to Wash inegton, out she had refuased to do so, be ea'ar she could not bher the thought of being s psrated from her lover, even for one short week. But had she acceded to his wish, she could now see, she might oven then hare been a happy care-free girl in her own home. She would not hare been tempted to deceie her parent, and wold not have been irrevocably bound to a man whom she now utterly loathed, and that dreadful tragedy would, in all probability, never have occurred. And yet, leaving all this out of the queotion, in view of all her serrow, even if it had been brought about tbrough no fault of hers, she felt that she had not been just ; for had not the hand of a kind l'rovldenoe been stretched out to her through Paula Nelson P Teares ruhed unbidden to her eyes and her lips grew tremulous with remoree. "I had not thought of it in that light heforoe but I am afraid that I am," she answered, with a sigh. A very tender expression swept over her eempanion's face at the self-reproachful admission. He made no reply to it. however, but, stooping down, tied Edith's hat upon her sonny head as carefully as her mother would have done. "Come, now, liss Ventnor," ho re marked, with a smile, as he arose and took her plump hand in hi , " we must go home to your mamma and tall her what your ' angel' has done for you to day." He shot a merry glanoce at Grasla as he spoke, then gathering up her robe and ?oeblons in his disengaged band, and led the way up the path toward the road. te walked over with her to Miss Nelson's cottage, where he deposited his burden opon the verandah, and was about to take leave of Oraszt, when Paula came around the house and espiad them. She greeted Lit Ventnor very cordially, and Imughlngly chided Oraela for leaving her alone all the morning, then invied them all to have seats upon the verandah. Me Ventnor was nothing loth, and, ewinging Eldth lightly into a hammock near him, he set down and chatted with the lhdies for another hall hour. When he at last arom to take his leave, he had arranged for them to join a yacht tog party who were going for a cruise of several days In the harbor. " We shall go aboard the Nautilus to morrow ovening at sundown, so as to be ready for an early start the follotiag ?lernilng" he eplaiond, adding that he eould send acarria?e for Miss Nelson and Slice King at six o'clock. Then bidding them a genial god morn ing, ha took his little nice by the band and went away. " lie is the floest specimen of manhood that I have seen for a long tim'." Paula remarked, breaking in upon a long silence that had followed tie departure of their guesIs " D -n't you think so, rnsria P" "Ye-es," re?sp?nded Orazei, dremuily. tiho war lying in the hamumock that Edithl had vacated afaw momeontn previoes her eyes fined upon the ecu, ahoder eu pression abhot her beautiful mouth. Paula smiled, nodded her hoed wisely two or three tlhos, and then resumed hrr hook, which abeorterd her attention until tho lunch hell rang. Alter the moel woa over tlerua pleatld " Oh I am ,lmoetonry tlhat I rom~laod to go with the yachtileg peorly I" she crine, alok ef peerpllity uten hoer y(eln: fw.a,., and then she suddenly lell to soeobiog with n- abaudoumeut wihilh bhtrayoel that her sould was moved to its very doeths. efee lad bren thtlehine of her recent ,onevrraa..,o with Italeuynd V.,entoor, ocer ninae her rinuo'1, aud how he had nswayed ieer very noul wllsh l's ,loequeneC, avd 0 etslin irffuence .wicih she cyultl fool hut "Oh I if I ceuld only trke u0) ad find tho last two year of my life al dream Ii Icould but undo that one act that has entitled so much misery upon me 1" she wailed. She sprang to her feet and paced her room back and forth with a nervous stop. "There Is no future for me I" aoe con tinued, tears falling like rain from her palo face, "no love, no home, no fireside, with little ones playing around mei no outlook whatever but to go on as 1 am, hiding myself under a false name, and living in constant fear least some breath of scandal should overtake me, reveal my identify and the imposture I am practising upon the society in which I am moving. What would thorn high-toned Ventnors say-what would laymond oeninor Li'mself say-if he should learn that • Miss King,' to whom he is pleased to be so kind, in Oraszi Kingsley, who lately figured so conspicuously in a criminal court--who is also the unacknowledged wife of one of the most contemptible cowards who walks the earth. " But why should I care what he thinks P" sheo c:ed, almost fiercely, after a few maments of silent reaection, while slo pruon ly threw back her head and assumod a duflant air. "Why should either his good or ill opinion concern moP SBecause he is the grandcst man I have ever seen-he is a man possessing an honest coul ; because-" A burning blush mounted to her fore head as rhe thus abruptly ceased, and she dropped her face upon her hands with a cryof keenest pain. cry I could I not have been spared this -the bitterest drop in my cup of woe o!" she sohbed. "If he could know. would he say that I am 'regarding life with distorted vision' when I rebel against the fate that has driven me to this f Alone I alone ! always alone l The word is like some funeral dirge beating its sad rites upon my wounded heart ; my life is marred and ruined almost in the beginning. It was like a peaceful summer day, with not a cloud to dim its sky, until he, that coward, crorsed mypath I How can I bhear itl 1 cannot endure it. to be o chained; to have no real life; to live and yet not live, because I cannot be myself. And now this other bhrden is to ad I to my crose I Where, oh where can one aod the overruling Power, the lore and care oaf an all-clse Father for the wretched b?teg whom he has created, with this hopeless yearning that can never be satisfied t' Every moment her grief grew wilder, her heart more rebellieos over this rude awakeninr, after the comparative calm she had spent with Pauls. " Ohl if I could die and be forever at peace l What is the use of living sucoh a double life P I asm of no earthly use in the world; I on never be Gres:a Kingsley again1 I can n' ver prove that I am inno cent of that dreadful deed; I can never free myself from the tie that binds me to that hvartleans man I A dead wall looms up boforo me, and beyond it I cannot She was flnally exhausted with her wild grief, and throwing herselt upon her bed she fell asleep, and did not wake until Paula came to tell her that dinner wae ready. But she felt too ill to rise, and hegged that she might be allowed to lie still until morning, when she hoped to be better. Having slept so much during the after noen, however, the drowsy god refused to lull her to forgetfulness very readily again, and she lay awake for a long time listen ing to the beating of the waves upon the reeks. Better thoughts came to her through theose long silent hour, and a simple meessge also, wbich it almost seemed as if an angel had whispered in her rare to calm her troubled heart: "Take no thought for the morrow, for the morrow shalltake thought for the things of itself." With these comforting words repeating themselves in her mind she finally ceased to be troubled, and knew nothing more until she awoke the next morning, and found the sun shining heigh'ly in at her window. The evil spirit of the day before seemed to be exorcised for the time, though Paulsa observed that she was geaveor and qulestr than usual as she hbuasted herself chbot their preparations for their cruise 'ith the Ventnors. In the midst of this an elegant carriage drove to the door, and Mrs Charles Veatnor alighted. She came eagerly up to the door, rang and inquired for Miss Nelson and Miss King. She was ushered into Paula'e pretty parlore, and there both girls went to greet her. She impulsively seined Grersla by both hands whenthebeautiful girl went forward to meet her. "But for you I should now be ehildless. or, perhaps, the mother of a helpless cripple," she said, with tears brimming her eye). "No words cnm vroice my gratitude, but I shall love you always i ceuld not stay away-I had to come and lot my mother-'kort speak," she con oluded, apologetically, but with a tremulous smile. "I am afraid you overrse'imato my agency in the matter," Brasit m destly replied, "but I am very glad I happened to be just where I was at the critical moment. I hope Edith is none the worse for her fright and flying leap.:' "No, indead; she is well and merry. and happy as can ho she is always that if she can be with her Uncle Ra.y," Mrs Ventnor returned, with a little laugh "'it is the strangest thing in the world," she went on. "but those two are almoste insreparable when my brother is at home. One would think that the child belonged to his rathes than to her father, by the influence he has over her. Uncle Ray Is her oreole--her ideal of all that is perfect end good in the world, while to him she i, the apple of his eye." It was o?ident from the ff+etlionate idfl'ction with which Mrs Chsrliss Ventnor gave utterance to the words "my brother' that she shared her daughter's fee.ings to a great rexteant. and Paula thought that Mr Raymond Ventnor might posoibly be the "oreacl" of the family. The conversation thus drifted to other ehannels, and alter a charming call Mts Ventoor arose to go. "My brother says that yon will go yachting with us," she remarked, with rrs!ous eor.inlity. " I am very glad, for t will make a pleasant addition to our Ta.y. Are you both good sailors " she inqu rd, with a signifScant smile. " Yee, fortunatoly, we both love the sea, and feel perfectly at home upon It," Paula replied. ' Well, then, you will be sure to have a good time, for Ray is the prince of hosts the .t'sutilus belongs to him-and cau plan to entertain a party better than any society woman vI my acquaintonce. We shall spend one nightat Newport, so take along somo prettj dresses. But I must run away now," Mrs Ventnor added, mving towardthe door, ' for l have mch to do yet. I will only say a rstelir,as I shloll see eou so soon again." Auother moment she was io the earriac. noddile snd emiling at she drove awey, heclr Peula and tania felt as ifs ac,,lucam had suddenly taeun wings and eown away. "S hut is a moot delightiul family, if one can judge upoen s sheort an aequtsin. t?nce," Paula remarked, ss she and frnsia went back to their packing. " If the rmaldnder of the company prove to bt as congonial, I thiek we shell enjoy eOCur tiP very much." At sin o'clcot that crening blr RLa ymoned V eontovr's guests were oil abourd tlie ,?. ,,.lcccsat bvacuifcls ed eLCiCiiou dt:ef. yacict, with a csncsily for uoccmn~odatio elxeen tbnsider thl crew, and a very brelchi little company of eight gentlemen end s ousny ladieb It prved to he. Dinllor was srvcdat sevrn, and thenc ti ,y all gathered epen deck for a twilight precc,,a Io nod a social ohat before go:og to their berths for thn night, There wire Irse dainty little itrats rooms, ae completely and iuenuriosly ! furnished as any one could desire, loading Gf from the saloon, and these were devoted to the ladies, while the gent.nea an shored the less commodious, but not less elegant, slate-rooms aft. Too wattr in the harbor was like a sea of glass, rfleocting the dull red glow that still liogered in the western sky; and when, one by one, the lights of the town along the shore were kindled, and theo lanterne were displayed upon the hundreds of vessels lying about them, when the stnre came out and were multiplied in the ehining depths below, and when floally the foil moon came sailing up over the eastern horizon, it was like an enchanted scene. So thought Grais, no she etole quietly away from the company to the prow of the yacht to enjoy, all by herself, nod with a thrill of doiight, this unusual experience. It was very quiet all about them, so quietthat Gresia could almost hear con vorsation on shore, and the stillness eo,emed solemn to her. It impreesol her so that the striking of two boils, for nine o'clock, upon the various vessels in the harbor seemed like a call to prayer-like the Angelus ball, of which she had so often heard; and inslinctively she bowed her head weth reverence in response to it. " Nine o'clock, and all is well," said a rich though quiet voice beside her. and ohoking up Grazia saw Mr RIymoud Veatnor, not a foot away, leaning against the deck rail. CHAPTER XI. uMR, vaiNTOR'n PARTY ATTeNDS A DANOH AT NEWPORT. "I teust yea do not find youerelf lonely, Mls--K ig, or hbcmesiek to feel the solid earth under your feet," Mr Ventnor remarked, in a bantering tone, as he drew a stop nearer his fair guest. "No, indeed, Mr Ventnor," nraeia brightly returned, but wondering again over his slight pause before her nimar "I simply stole away here to admire this magic scens and the almost solemn ltlilnee. that pervades every thing." " 'There is a peculiar charm in it, and I often come here, alone, just to watch the lights appear and hear the musical ctime of belse, ao they toll the passing hours," the gentlemen responded, with a thrill of feeling in his tones, for he recognised a congenial spirit in this fair girl who so ap preciated the beauty around that she would leave a gay company to enjoy it. " Do you lore the water, Miss King P" he inquired after a moment of silence. " Very much-especially the ocean," said Grsazia. "Thereis something so limitless, so sublime and majectoa about it, that it n itres a feeling of admiring awe within me." "You and I are in sympathy, then, for the sea has always affected me in that way," Mr Haymond remarked, in a low, musioal voice. "Byron has aptly dcescribed it an " Boundleess, endless, and sublime The image of Eternity-the throne 01 the invisible I" " It makes me think of the human soul," Graeia murmured, in a thoughtful tone, with her eyes fired upon the shimmering waves that marked the path of the moon, ns it sailed upward in the vault above them. "In what way P " questioned her com panion, as he bent down to study the fair, uplifted face beside him. " It is so deep, mysterious, unfathom able," said the girl, with a sigh. "Look I where the light of the moon strikes the water ! Is it not beautifulP It makes me almost feel as if. through some rift in the veil that separates us from heaven, some thing of celestial glory is shining. But who can tell what dread secrets lie con coaled beneath the shining surface I what death and destruction P what brave hearts may have gone down to their doom, with moans of pain and prayere for help, in that very spot." Girana's voice was full of pain as she concluded, and Raymond Ventnor yearned, with a mighty longing, to speak some words of comfort to the heart which he know from herconversation must be tossed and tern with some secret grief which never allowed it to be at peace. " I am sure, bliss King, that youen have known some great sorrow," he remarked after a moment of reflrction, "or you would not always be shading your pictures with such mournful comparisons. As you have said, the sea is like a human soul, in some respocts; it is deep, mysterious, unfathom sble i in other respoects it is not like it, for when its surface is lashed to fury, by the tempests that sweep over it, there is always peace and quiet in the depths beneath; for a mighty power controls it. That, to me, is symbolical of the soucl, which, in spite of the griefs and trials that come to it, can rest secure in the hollow of the hand that never makes a mistake." Teo great tears rolled over Grazla'a cheeks and fell in glistening beads, like so many diamonds, upon the railings, as her companion concluded. "ehl" she exclaimed with a catch in her breath that was almost like a sob, "you cannot have suffered as-as some have suffered, or you could not feel like that." " Miss King," said Raymond Ventnor, in a voice that was vibrant with deep feeling, "?eight years of my life were spent upon a bed cf pain-eight long. weary years, during the most of which I expected that 1 mult be a cripple all my life. I had scarceol recovered my health, and begun to look forward to a lifo of usefulnerss, when my mother was killed, before my eyes, by being thrown from her carriage in front of a passing locomotive. The five years following were lived under the ban of a dishonorable name-" " Oh I" breathed Grazsl, shrinking as from a blow. "My father's partner forged for a heavy amount, but so covered hin wrong-doing that my father, a 'Ventnor, whoree naue for many generations had never been sullied b a much as a breathwas made to expiate hi cr;me. Thetoruth prevailed in the end. however, and at the end of five years the wronged man was released and exonerated before the wholeworld. Surely, myfriend, you cannot now say that I have not nuffired." "No, no; pray forgive e for my thoughtless apoch," regretfully pleaded Oraia. "Nay, do not reproach yourself.," gently returned Raymond Ventnor. " lam glad to have told you this, for sorrow makes us all akin, and I would not have y.u deem me unsympathetic. But, Miss King, did you never think that there is a purpose in pain P" " What purpose P " questioned Grszla. "The same purpose that a scalptor has in using a hammer and a chisel upon a piece ou rough marble-to develop the neautiful and perfect form that lies hidden within it; the same purpose that the wise gardener has when, with an apparantly ruthless hand, he prunes the vine of half its life and beauty to make it produce aresia sighed heavily. She wondered what purpno there could have been in the sufering she hsdondured -what possible good could come of the network of troublua and trials that had entangled her. tying her hands and do priving Iher of even her identitr. She wondered what f.uit she could hear, fettered an she was, and obliged to hide from all the world. " iilt I tm afraid we have chosen a very depresning topic," Mr Ventnor continuedl, in a lighter tone. " I want you to have on0y pleaxant thoughts anld experionos ilmye. ynv ?rr, ,eo t I bh.l eolne timeeI would like to drive a little deeper into this suobj. et with you, if you will givo mo the prielloeo." "I1 vshall be very glad to do so," Oranta replied, "for youe always give me somathing to thlink of." ti thu ok oe," her oempanion heartily returned, then added; "N?ow will yeoa t ms take you down to the saloons I see most of our friends have disappeared, and oe wore planning to have a little smusio before we retire for the night." lie offered her his arm as he spoke, and as sho took it Gralia was oon:ious eof the same thrill tingling through her vions as she had experienced upon their first meeting. rho company passed an hour very de light fully with music and e s:cial intoercourse, and then retired, with the expectation of awakening to find themselves far out upon the briny deep, for the tide would turn very early in the morning, which was all the captain was waiting for. Greaia felt a desire to see the beautiful vessel leave port. and so secretly resolved to rise in aeroon to do so. Accordingly the flrst tender glow of sunrise was fludhiog the eastern horirzon when, enveloped in a warm ulster. with a soft gray felt hht securely pinned to her head, the fair girl stole softly upon deck and found that she was only jest in time, for the team was up and two sailors were on the point of hauling in the anchor, while others were unfurling to the morning breeze the white wings that were to help waft them over the sean. She would not have missed the sight for anything, for, just as the sun lifted his glowing face above the far off line, the graeeful vessel began to move like a majestio bird out from the harbor, toward the wide expanso o water beyond. There was something very exhilarating in the scene, in the crisp morning breeze that was blowing from the north- west, in the olouleese sky and brilliant sunshine, that made Grazia's eyes gleam and her cheeks flush with delightful anticipation. She stood in the prow of the bat,. as she had done the night before, and she was so absorbed in what was going on about her that she did nt realise the presence of any one alse, until a voice, which of late had begun to thrill her strangely, remarked in a cheery tone, just behind her: " Good-morning," ' iss King. Iam sure the Nautilus is honored by the interest yon have shown in her movements." Grazsia turned quickly, and found Ray mond Ventuor smiling down upon her, a look of undisguised pleasure in his ex pressive eyes. He wore a heavy reefer that was buttoned close to his chin and showed his fine form to the best advantage, while the visorless sop upon his head gave him quite a boyish loot. "And so you easrificed your morning nap for the sake of seeing my bird spread her wiegs," he added, while his color deepened slightly as he noted the blush which his saluation had called up to Grania's cheeks." "It was no sacrifice aseure y.m," she said, her eyes sparkling with animation, "I wanted to see the start, and I have enjoyed it immensely. I neversaw a more beautiful sunrise in my life." "Yes, a sunrise at sea is something worth contemplating, and a whiff of such air as thir is tetter than any tonic for the appetite. I always walk the deck a half hour before breakfast; will you join me " and he held out his hand to hr with a friendly air and smile that made her pulses throb more quickly than was their wont. She frankly laid hers within it, when he slipped it upon his arm, end together they paced back and forth the length of the vessel, and chatted socially until other members of their party began to join them. Grszla found that, in spite of his dignified bearing and the serious moods he had hitherto shown her, Raymond Ventuor could be ar merry and j llyas a boy; that, while he neglected nothing as a host, forgetting not the smallest detail that could contribute to the comfort of his guests, he knew how to enjoy himself thoroughly, thus becoming the life of the party, and so contributing greatly to the pleasure of others. Among Mor Ventnor's guests there were a Mr and Mrs Maecomber, and their daughter, Miss Marie MSarmber. a hand some girl of twentyone, who appeared to be a great favorite with the party. She was a ay, brilliant, witty, and evidently a thorough society girl, for she was per'e3tly at home with every one, and could slmultaneonaly entertain any?u nber of poople with the most porfect composure. list when Grszia had teen introduced to her, she impressed her as being cold and devoid of any real sympathy with her own sex. She had looked Grasai over, from head to foot, with one sweep of her passionless eyes I measured her, as she told Paula in speaking of it afterward, mentally, morally, and physically, noting even tie fit of her dress, the style of her hat, the make of her boots and gloves. Then she had turned calmly away and resumed her conversation with a gentle. man, which the introduotion had for a moment interrupted, ignoring her u terly during the remainder of the evening. But the next morning when she made her appearanoe npon deck and saw Ray mond Ventnor promonading with Miss King upon his arm, when she noticed the admiring look in his eye as it rested upon the fair face of the girl, his eager, animateo manner in conversing with her, she suddenly changed her tactics, and, thb' moment Grsaia was at liberty, approached her in the most friendly way, and exerted herself to be agreeable to her. Sho attached herself ti the two girls after that, while Paula often notires that she appeared to be studying Grsla, with a perplexed, intent look, as if she were trying to solve some intricate question. ITnat girl is a born misrbief-maker, and woe to any one who happens to stand in the way of her ambition," Paula murmured to herself, after watching her for a while. " I only hope that my gentle Grace will not interfere with her designs." She tried not to be unjust, but it made her very uneasy to see Miss Macomber hovering about her friend all that day, and to observe how she watched every act and look whenever Mr Ventnor approached Grazia, which he often did, and took no pains to conceal his enjoyment of her suociety. The young man's plan was to sail direct for Newport, where he proposed to spend one night, and attend a grand ball at the Casino, for which he had procured tickets n-.re than a week in advaneo. The Nautilus srriverdn port about noon of the second day out. and, after lunch, carriages were provided, and the party took a long drive about the city, returning to the yacht in time for dinner. The gentlemen surrendered the saloon to the ladies to make their preparations for the evening, while they smoked their after-dinner cigars upon the deck, and the next hour below was one of fluttering ex citement among the fair sex. It was a very brilliant party that left the Naulilas a little after nine o'clock for the Casino, but the fairest among them all, in Raymond's eyes, at least, was the lovely girl in whom he was every hour becoming more deeply interested. She was clad to- night in a blue silk of a very delicate shade, with beautiful orna ments of exquisitely carved pink coral upon rich dark hair. The costomd was vaotly becoming to her rae, almost faultless com plxion I but her chief charm lay In her utter unconselouness of her own beautyR ian the perfect naturalness of her manner and bearing. tDo you dance, Miss King 1" Mr Vent nor inquired, in a low tone, as he was asseisting her to alight from the carriage upon reashing the Casino. " Yes, used to,"' she returned, with a little sigh. "Then let me have the first one with you to-night, will you "P' he nseked, with a little eacer pressure of the hands he was holding. "W ith pileasure," she replied, her heart bounding into her throat at his manner, words aud tone. The woards were seareoly uttered, how omor, before she was sorry she tad not eaoused herself from danelnc at all "S noh ploasnres are not for me, and-I must nst let myself learn is love him," she murmured to herself, as she fo'lewc1l the party into the dressing-room. Then a terribla shock went through hol as, like a flash of lightning, a ravelatlio came to her. "Ah I it is too late to think of that now," her white lips muttered, as she blindly groped her way into the corner and sat down--'" too late, too nlate I for I love him already with my whole heart. I, Orazia Kingaley--the wife of another man-love, adore Raymond Ventnor. Oh I the shame of itl the sin of it I Where now is the guiding Hand that' makes no mistakes.'" She was almost benumbed by the con flict of emotion that raged within her upon thin unlooked for discovery, and she sat there, wretched and helpless, in her wraps, until Paula found her. " Why, Grace " she exolaimed, "why have you not taken cil your things P You will be late for the opening number. Are you ill P" she added, as she caught sight of the girl's colorless face; "you are as white as a snow-flake." "No, I am not ill," Grazla replied, as she started nervously to her feet, deter mined that no one would discover her shameful secret, She would guard it most sacredly-she would play her part for the next two days with what skill she could, then, she told herself, she would never meet iaymond Ventnor again it she could prevent it. She mutt nip this new passion in the bud, she must not feed it with so much as a look at that dear, noble face, or by listen ing to that rich, musical voice. Piala helped her off with her wraps, watching her covertly all the time, and wondering what could have happened to drive from her face all the eager bright ness that had been there when they left the Nautilus " You must do something to those pale cheeks i you cannot go into the ball-room looking so like a ghost," Paula remarked, with real concern upon seeing that she seemed even more haggard and wretched ater removing her outer garments. "Ahi" she added, "here comes Mr Ventnor, looking for us. I will ask him to get you something to take-" "Not for the world, Paula dear," cried Grania, grasping her almost rudely by the arm. Then, as Mr Ventnor naught sight of her, and nodded and smiled, a great wave of color dyed the girl's face crimson, and dliss Nelson was more pazzled than before, Grszia had bent over her hand to button her glove and to hide her embarrassment, and when this was done she recovered som.thing cf her usual composure. She concealed her aching heart with a smiling exterior as she went forward to meet him. " 1 have brought your programme," he said, as he handed it to her, 'and may 1 beg that you will write my name against some of the numbers before we go into the hall P Then I shall he sure of themi otherwise t might not be," he concluded. in a tone intended only for her, and with a low, musical laugh. Orazia took the card and looked it over, simply to gain time and think what was beset todo. Suddenly a little defiant light leaped into her eyes. "I am here; I am hedged abcut; I cannot help myself," she mused; "I might aa well enjoy myself and make the moat of the few hours that remain to me, before I try to crush out forever this Lepeless nauiion. I will put the past behind me for to.night, I will be a gay and happy girl once more." She gave her head a little resolute toss as she arrived at this conclusion, then, looking up into r V'entuor's face with a smile that made his heart bhund with a wild, sweet hope, she put the card back into his band and murmured " TYu shall write your own name wher ever )on choose." (To be Continued) 