POLITICAL ECHOES. fBv LOUXGER.1 Parliament has been opened, with a pinohed pageantry, and yet some oritios are not satir fied. The spectacle, they e»y, ia like a many coursed dinner — costly and unnecessary. ' Why was not the money given to the poor? A ceremony as abbreviated aa ? lady's eveniM dresi oan scarcely be more reduoed. Of ooniM if Parliament is to be refined into ?- mere ab straction it oan be set forth as a work of art ia its native simplicity, even the fig leaf of courtesy disappearing. For the present, bow ever, tbe contracted thin red or kahki lisa parading in front of Marble Palace is a very mild symbol of the executive arm of the law, without) whioh Parliament would be aa para lysed as the members themselves when called to Recount, to their wives or catechised by their constituents. In the brillianoe aad picture^queness of the viceregal procession— tho Governor in Windsor uniform with de corations and a half-dozen officers in .scarlet and with swords — one may oatoh a gleam of tb« administrative glory of the Ministers, and m ray of the romance of political history. Out of chaotio barbarism and repulsive des potism, signified by ornamental mutilation! and human sacrifices, has been evolved orderly aooiety, and popular government, denoted by geometrically triangular hats, glittering art lace, and manufactured literary oration. Th« mutteriucra and sputterings indulged ia ?gainst a ritual, which, while rotainisg humorous aspects and involving a moderate expenditure, ia not too elaborate for the highest tribunal in the land, is, indeed, a protest against the modern custom of wearing clothes. Admitted that these artiolei oanotal the divinity they affeob to adorn, ara unnecessary to primitive man, a louro* of expense to modern citizens, and * fund of mirth to the satirist, yet we do not abolish the tailor. On the contrary, w« demand that be should proteot us not only from Nature's sarcasm through biting winda and scorching blasts, but from intellectual contempt; therefore we adopt a dress con sonant with dignity and expressive in a mani fold nicety of mental equipment. A Labour member should refuse to be seduced by tha Iconoclast, and preserve the political tailor. Popular exhibitions connected with Parlia ment are advertisements in the interest of His Majesty the King of the Ballot-box, which is to bring about what New Australia has failed to accomplish— a millennium. Tha shrewd working men spends pounds upon a streaming banner, end trudges through tha streets to demonstrate his own value. A Parliamentary spectacle is another testimony to it, witnessing to the potency of universal suffrage and the influence of its delegates. The latter control the sovereign power as the Governor, who represents it, typifies in read ing a speech composed for him by the servant* of the people. It is worth something to have that privilege symbolized twice a year, if only to stimulate a eense of corresponding obliga tion. The Hon. Sir Jenkin Coles, K.C.M.G., tha Sueaker, is a martyr. He haa cheerfully accepted the penalty imposed upon the pre siding officor of ' The Talking Shop.' In his studied reply to the best word a Democratic Premier could give for the distinction, Sir Jenkin intimated that he took the title to please the House. Generally speaking poli ticians incidentally serve the publio good, honour, fame, notoriety, and other personal ends generating aotivity in the Parliamentary world. Here, however, is an illustration of ?- self-sacrificing publio man. The exoeption proves the rule. Politios make strange bed fellows. In cleaning social chimneys legis lators are liable to be sooted. Their lot is far from happy. Why, then, do they enter upon public life V Parodying Hamlet, one discovert the answer in the rnaosopiiv ok tue gingerbread. There's the respecp That make! calamity of politics; For who would be«r tbe whips and scorns of Prow, 1 he reporter's wrong, th« 'lectors contumely, Tbe pangs of misplaced trust, fortune's delay, The will o' wisp of office, and tbe spurns Tint patient marit of tbe unworthy takes When be himself might bis fall pleasure take In private life } Who lat« sittin£B 'tend To grant and sweat to till a ' Hantard' tome But that the hope of something after toil— A handle to the nima— lever social, Domestic life joy— puzzles tbe will And makes man ratber take the ills nosent Tban prize tbe good they bare and know not of? Of the five Spsakera of the Assembly two are dead— the first and third, Sir George S. Kingston and Sir Eiohard Rots. The fourth. Sir John Bray, is returning to the colony in ill-health. The second, the Hon. G. C. Hawker, M.A., ia the only one of the fiva who has not received a mark of Royal favour. Mr. Hawker is the Neater of Parliament, tha grand old man eloquent of the Assembly, gentleman, and scholar. He has played a prominent and useful part in publio life. Whether aa Minister of the Crown or privata member he has enjoyed the affectionate esteem of all sections in politios, and ia held in high retpeot outside. lie it able to confer more lustre upon knighthood than knighthood c»n add honour to him, and hence it is singular that his merits have not received recognition in official quarters. It is improbable t|/at at his advanced »Re he will oontest another eleotion, but when he retires he may be assured of That which ihould accompany old «.(«, As honour, lore, obtdience, troops of friends. At the beginning of the session it may ba well to explain to the publio the meaning of a few of tbe principal Parliamentary terms. For example — The Governor— A meohanieal contrivance for oponing and shutting Parliament ; also a political Bifety valve and a. social ornament. It is easily worked. Put a salary in the elot and you get all that you want. The Speaker — A wiglens, gowned, trainlesa, ?nd rug'd gentleman, who listens and nods and does not speak. The speaker (spelt with a email s) is, by way of contrast, a- member who speaks, does cot listen, and never nods unless he ia more than usually sensible. Clerks— Go wn*d officers to keep the Speaker in order. Premier— The Parliamentary Bow. . Minister— An Aunt Sally during question time. Opposition— ' Outs' whobave been, and atill would go, to the Treasury benoh. IndependentCountry Par ty— Neuter gender. Stick* that cannot be easily bound together, too preen to fire into enthusiasm. Labour Party— A crowing olaas of neo phytes who have never been excelled in the gams of ' Follow my Leader.' Private Member— A party all to himself, whose chief delight it ia to read sermons oa Wednesday afternoons. Hansard — A Parliamentary cemetery whence arise ghost: to haunt traitors. Orator— The member who never allows his imagination to suffer for his facts. Reporters— The scribes who make the speech after the orator sits down. Press — The newspaperf that make the speaker and are acquainted with all the varying modes of ingratitude. Taxpayer — The victim of Parliamentary jokes, for which he pays at the rate of about £500 a sitting. 