THE DALY RIVER MISSION ABORIGINAL SUPERSTITION. At the lecture in aid of the Daly River Mission to the aboriginies in the Northern Territory delivered by the Rev. S. Marschner, S.J., on Wednesday evening at St. Joseph's Hall, Wagga, the chair was taken by Dr. Morgan O'Connor. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was accorded on the motion of Mr. Lynch, seconded by Mr. T. J. Foley. The lecturer explained the vicissitudes of life amongst the blacks, and his misfortune in being stricken with fever and ague, which had been much modified by the climate of the south. He proceeded to explain how the natives raised what they termed the "devil devil" by digging a hole in the ground and placing some small pieces of stick, arranged according to the size and shape in which the ghost-like form of a human being called the "devil devil" is to appear. The hole was then covered with earth mixed with a certain substance, as the lecturer ex- plained, "mysteriously obtained from a human body." After sunset a blackfellow strikes together two pieces of wood at the same time muttering some incanta- tions, or words of "wicked meaning." A second blows a perforated bamboo, and "an oblong figure arises from the hole developing itself into the form any of the blacks may have decided upon." The master of ceremonies asks the "ghostlike figure" for information which after answering the "devil-devil" disappears. The supposed spirit is brought back at will, and questions put, which if answered by lies, as the natives consider, the "apparition" is subject to any indignities which the blacks are enabled to convey by speech. Giving funny answers, and satisfy- ing curosity is apparently not the only way the "devil-devil" entertains and amuses those assembled, he allows himself to be treated in any way they like, and for several hours at a time. The blacks claimed to obtain mysterious information, by a kind of corroboree. A boy or girl, or grown-up per- son, lies on the ground, and soon appears to be asleep. The sticks are struck and the bamboo blown, and "an alteration is going on in the body of the sleeper," who begins to answer questions, either by speech or gesture. Only few persons, the lecturer explained, are strong enough to undertake the part of lying down for a successive number of corroborees, and children were too tired after one or two. Besides the cor- roboree, the natives claimed to have other ways of obtaining knowledge about things or places many miles distant; of enlarging the body, or any of the members, of being present in the spirit acting in distant places. This possibly corresponds with the "astral body" in Theosophy. All these arts were used by the aboriginals to harm and injure, or for other wicked purposes. The lecturer proceeded to give an anecdote illustrative of the power of the blacks to cure disease by corroboree. A girl of twelve named Teresa, on the mission station was sought in wedlock by "a widower named Paul," but the missionaries were opposed to the project owing to the disparity in age. To remove all difficulties Paul raised a "devil-devil" in the shape of his intended, and struck the head of the mysterious figure. On the next morning Teresa complained of her head which developed a wound. The wound remained unhealed for a fortnight when Teresa's father took her to his camp and cured it in a single night by means of a "devil-devil." Cannibalism was practised by the natives, who ate the flesh of a child who had died by accident or the bite of a snake, cutting off pieces with sharp stones after the corpse had been roasted at the camp fire. The natives would not touch the head, which they buried, and believed it contained a ghost or spirit. One tribe near the mission station was so fond of human flesh, that cannibalism was a lawful custom, and they fattened children to the age of three, when they killed and ate them. Another tribe nourished girls up to 13 years, in order that their tender flesh might be the chief repast of a festival meal. One tribe on poor country was frequently deprived of its food supplies by bush fires, aud the young men slept at night knowing that one of their number would be killed for food. They killed white men when they could do so without risk of detection, but did not like the flesh, as it was too salt. A dead kangaroo, fish or bird, in an advanced state of decomposition, is cooked and eaten with avidity, and they are indignant if rotten or partly hatched eggs are thrown away. One day the lecturer saw a married couple picking and eating vermin from each others heads. This was the provision made for breakfast in hard times, and the lecturer stated he had seen girls and boys eating pipeclay in the place of food. The blacks poured water down the burrows of the carpel snake, and awaited the appearance of the reptiles, which they killed with a stick and cooked. Marriages were arranged by the old people while the children were very young, some times even before they were born, condition- ally upon the sex of the child. A young man not so provided for must steal his wife from another tribe and fight for her. If an un- married man stole another man's wife the injured husband would be troubled very little, knowing the fugitives must return sooner or later, and submit to the customary punish- ment. The aggrieved husband wounded his wife and her paramour on the head, drawing blood, and the repentent lady returned to her lawful allegiance, being again a "loving and obedient wife." The paramour explained his fascination for the object of the elope ment by saying "Lubra been kill'm me eyes;" meaning that he was bewitched by the woman's eye. Polygamy was not frequently practiced, the men having only one wife being most respected by the tribe. The chief cause of the decimation of the blacks was the frequent practice of infanti- cide. When a child was to be murdered the blacks called in their doctor, under the pretence that the child was ill. A loud wail was raised, and the child examined and strangled by the doctor. It was the lecturer's belief that half the number of children died in that way whilst babies. Another reason was their belief that death, whether natural or accidental, was the result of sorcery, and to avenge the decease of any person they asked the "devil-devil" the name of the supposed murderer, who they killed if he could be found. So that, for everyone dying, another was put to death. The third reason was their practice of human sacrifice. From time to time a man, with his full consent, was sacrificed in order that the "devil- devil" might be pleased, and so refrain from injur- ing the tribe. The fourth was the frequent quarrelling and fighting between the tribes and amongst themselves. The fifth, the frequent occurrence of diseases which carried them off quickly for want of proper food, shelter and nursing. In addition there were epidemics which proved far more fatal, so the natives said, and by that method the popula- tion of a whole tract of country disappeared. The blackfellow under natural conditions was full of resource, more so than the white man, and could produce a fire by rubbing two pieces of soft dry wood together. These sticks were one flat and the other round and pointed, and in the former a groove to corre- spond with the rounded one was made. By pressing the foot on the flat stick, and rapidly rubbing the other backwards and forwards, a fine wood dust was obtained. This required some greasy matter to produce the required fire, and the black was equal to the occasion. He merely scraped with his finger nails, from his face and shoulders, sufficient grease for his purpose, which he mixed with the wood dust, and after further friction a little smoke was seen, then a spark, and in a few minutes he had a fire which answered all his requirements. The blacks were very grateful for favours bestowed by those they considered their friends, and the lecturer related many kind services rendered by them. The Daly River mission had a common farm worked by the natives under the aid and direction of the missionaries. The school was attended by 30 children, all of whom were boarded and lodged at the expense of the mission. The children, besides being taught, were brought up to habits of industry. There were also fourteen young men who were being trained to agriculture. Besides these were twenty families to each of which the Mission granted eight acres. There was a hut on each portion, and the natives made their living by tilling the land. In that way the Christain settlement was extending, owing to the growing number of families. Every morning a short time was set apart for in- struction in the Christian doctrine. At mass on Sundays the aboriginals sang in their own language Haydn's mass for the people, also the benediction service in the evening. From all quarters the natives freely offered their children to be baptised and brought up as Christians. Even many adults had a rev- erence for baptism and were unwilling to die without receiving the sacrament. Those few facts, the lecturer contended, demonstrated that the influence of Chris- tianity alleviated the sad fate of the blacks, and helped to prevent the speedy decay of the unfortunate race. The aboriginals of North Australia must have held in remote times a high place in the scale of culture and civilisation, which was proved by remnants of their language, which displayed astonishing distinctness and pre- cision. Therefore, their present debased state showed, on the one hand, the precipice of moral and physical decay to which all natives hastened in proportion as they abandoned religion from their lives, and, on the other, of the blessings of Christianity which had preserved the white race from such degradation. What earnest man, the lecturer asked, considering that truth, would not feel moved to make some effort in aid of his much less fortunate and miserable brethren in order to secure for them, or at least for their children, the benefits which the Lord gave them, centuries ago, by sending missionaries to their Pagan forefathers? The lecturer concluded by exhorting those present to render practical assistance to the Daly River Mission. 