THE STORY OF OF A LOST SOUL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] By HUGH COLEMAN DAVIDSON AUTHOR OF "THE GREEN HILLS BY THE SEA," "NOT A MOMENT TO SPARE," "THE OLD ADAM," &c.;, &c.; (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) The bar was a large, irregular room, and the landlord being economical of gas in the winter months when visitors were scarce dimly lighted. There were gloomy corners in it, and several of those who sat before the fire glanced round nervously. An attempte at laughter proved a dismial failure. "Senogles, the grocer, cleared his throat, and said, with great delibera- tion: "I can't say I've ever seen a ghost myself, but my grandmother—she'd be ninety-seven to-morrow if she'd been alive—it'll be six- and-thirty years since she died. Well, sirs, my grandmother used to say— —" "Oh, bosh !" cried George, irritated beyond endurance, for Cushlabeg was a sacred name to him. "Do you be- lieve this perposterous yarn, Quine ?" "Not I," replied the barber. But his manner was more doubtful. I would be sure if I were you, Quine," said Senogles, with a solemn wink at the company gene- rally. "Suppose you go to the house and have a look at it by moonlight. Mr. George here will go with you if you're afraid." Killey lowered his paper slightly and listened with great interest. Quine scouted the idea of his being afraid of a ghost. If he had not been so vehement the matter might have dropped. But the others took it up as an excellent joke, and in order to de- fend his reputation for courage he felt bound to assent to their clamorous pro- posal on condition that George should accompany him. "Of course I'll go," declared George, "just to give the lie to this ridiculous story." But when a boisterous party, pro- vided with bull's-eye lanternes, turned out to escort them to Cushlabeg, he angrily refused to have anything to do with the expedition. Either he and Quine must go by them- selves or they would not go at all. if it was really a piece of fun, he would have no share in it, and indeed would do all in his power to stop it ; if in- tended as a serious investigation, then let it be so conducted. There must be no skylarking of any sort. "I have a pistol here," said George, drawing one from his pocket and flourishing it in such a reckless way that they retreated in alarm, "and if there is any foolery I'll use it—by Jove, I will." At the sight of the pistol they looked a little queerly at one another. The laughter and noise had been suddenly hushed. Al- though they were reluctant to lose the fun, there was no longer any disposition to presstheir claims. They stood in a silent group in front of the Dragon, gazing after George and Quine as they crossed the moonlit market- place, the latter's long legs dragging somewhat, and his face turned back- wards now and again. So, walking side by side, but the barber always a little behind, with lanterns in their hands, they came to Cushlabeg. It is wonderful how soon a deserted house turns to decay. The spirit has gone, and so the body dies. Grass springs up the paths ; lichens gather on the wall ; and leave fall and are not swept up ; then come mis- chievous young urchins, who chalk hideous objects on the doors and smash the windows and the desolation is complete. All this had befallen Cushlabeg since it had passed into the possession of Cap- tain Willmott. By moonlight, with the trees creaking and groaning overhead, the dead leaves rustling on the ground, and strange shadows flitting round the gables, it had a singularly weird and foresaken aspect. The barber shivered as he looked at it. "There's no ghost here," he said, hoarsely. "No ghost would stay in a place like that. We've done what we came for. Let's go back." But George said: "Nonsense, Quine. We have not even seen the inside of the house yet. We must spend the night here. I'm not going to be laughed at, if you are. And what's the use of doing the this at all if we fon't do it properly ?" "Spend the night there !" gasped Quine. "But we can't get in. The door is locked." But his relief was of short duration. "I've not lived here for nothing," said George. And he led the way round to the back. He walked to the pantry window, and after some difficulty managed to open it, the catch being broken. Then he crawled in, set his lan- tern down on the floor, and dragged the lanky barber in after him. Their next proceeding was to go through the house, carefully examining every room and even every cupboard. They disturbed several rats and mice, but detected nothing of a ghastly nature, though I was with them the whole time. Certainly Quine's read hair showed a tendency to stand on end—he didn't, especially when the rats went scuttling by—and the perspiration was streaming down his face, but if he had really suspected my presence he would beyond all question have bolted. It has always been a standing puzzle with me how men and even women, during their lives, perhaps the most peaceable of human beings, should after death become a source of terror to all who had known and loved them. No doubt my case was rather different. As a mur- derer, I could hardly grumble at being turned into a bogie, and yet it pained me more than words can express. I was consumed by longing for human sympathy. So I consorted with human beings, watched their doings, and listened to their voices, stood by those I cared for when danger threatened, strove with might and main to warn and help them, but always failed. They could never hear me. Was the medium to dense and my voice too thin ? I know not. This solitary confinement of mine was the essence of my punishment. Even George Vane, though my interest in him had become acute, was utterly un- conscious of my presence. If the lad had not been excited by drink he would never have entered upon this adventure. He would have thought of his parents and sister wait- ing up for him with increasing anxiety as the hours went by, and he would have felt that he was in some measure bringing ridicule upon his old home. These considerations weighed with him now, for all trace of his former excitement had vanished, and he had grown gloomy and thoughtful. George sat on a log which he had dragged into the dining-room, his elbows resting upon his knees, and his face buried in his hands. Quine occupied another log, placed in a cor- ner so that the enemy could only ap- proach him from the front. George's lan- tern was upon the mantelshelf; Quine's was upon the floor by his side, its light directed towards the door, towards which his eyes wandered incessantly. So they sat for an hour or more, seldom speaking, yet not in silence, for the empty house was full of strange noises, the wind moaned in the big chimney, and the trees creaked and groaned without. At length George looked up and said, "Haven't we had enough of this ?" "I have," eagerly answered Quine. "Nothing has happened," said George. "There is nothing to happen. We are only making fools of our- selves." "Then let's go," said Quine. "A man can't even talk here." And he rose with alacrity, yet prudently waited for George to go first. But, of a sudden, his long jaw fell apart ; the lantern which he had picked up slipped from his grasp and clattered on the floor ; he dropped back on the log in speechless terror. For they heard a sound as of a key turning in a rusty lock, and the sound, so un- expected, so loud amid the silence which had descended upon the house, sent a thrill through every nerve in their bodies. They could not localise it ; perhaps owing to some peculi- arity in the construction of the house it seemed to come from several places at once. George, trembling in spite of himself, sprang erect and, with clenched fists, faced the open door, but Quine could only stare with eyes starting from his head. It was so dark out in the passage they could see nothing. The feeble ray cast by the lantern on the mantelshelf, the other having gone out, sufficed but to show the darkness. As they listened, they heard a creak- ing like the creaking of rusty hinges ; and after that the sound of a heavy footstep, which went echoing along the empty passages. The barber, terrified out of his wits, made a wild leap for the window, and flung it open. I saw a confusion of long legs and arms as he shot through, all these limbs hustling one another lest they should be caught from behind. He fell among the bushes, lay still for a moment, but, thinking better of it, sprang up and tore madly along the gravel path. That was his last visit to Cushlabeg. It may have been spiteful, but I viewed Quine's discomfiture with the nearest approach to pleasure, which I can feel. He had sought to put a slight upon all who are in the same dis- tressing position as myself—to prove, with a sneer and a laugh in the bar of an inn, that we do not exist. Yet at the first unexplained sound he and his scepticism parted company, he going head foremost through the window. Even George could hardly help laugh- ing. The incident tended to steady his nerves. He called out, "Who is that?" No voice answered him. But the heavy footstep again sounded in the passage and drew rapidly nearer. George's breath came faster and faster. He could not but reflect that his companion had run away and left him, and although the ludicrousness of the scene had saved him from panic at the time, it added to his sense of lone- liness now. It was so dark out there, too. He seized the lantern and held it in front of him. A red object appeared at the door. It proved, when the light fell directly upon it, to be the figure of a tall, thin man, dressed in the uniform of an officer in some foot regiment. A sword hung by his side ; in his left hand was a long coil of rope, which dragged upon the ground. George, too, started to speak, looked up at the man's face, and saw that it was in some respects like the face of Captain Willmott. Yet there was a most striking dif- ference. For this face was as dark as though the blood had curdled beneath the skin, and the eyes had a glare which was scarcely human. If this was in truth Captain Willmott, he had undergone some fearful change. He took a step into the room, stared hart at George behine the lantern, and then said, "Come. I want you." George instantly recognised those sharp, decisive tones. Although thoroughly alarmed, he followed Cap- tain Willmott, as submissively as he would have followed his own father. CHAPTER XI. "STAND THERE, YOU DOG." Captain Willmott, never once look- ing back, strode along the passage and entered the kitchen. In the centre of the stone floor he dropped the coil of rope. "Put the lantern there," he said, pointing at the high shelf above the big open grate. George did as he was told. Although he was frightened enough, Captain Willmott's manner was so alarming, fear was not hte sole or even the chief cause of his unquestioning obedience. It was rather the outcome of the re- spect which he had been taught to give to those of an older generation, his father's contemporaries and friends. It was only a very dim light that the lantern gave, barely sufficient to show the extent of the large kit- chen, with its open doors leading into passage, scullery and larder, its enormous cupboards, its two windows at which the shrubs out- side kept tapping as the wind shook them, and its thick black beams over- head, with hooks from which bacon and strings of onions used to be sus- pended. "The law is very slow," said Cap- tain Willmott, as he took up the rope and began to tie a knot on the end of it. George did not understand the words. But so intolerable was the ten- sion of his feelings that he felt he must say something, no matter what. So he stammered out : "Can I help you, Captain Will- mott? What is it you are going to do?" Captain Willmott tightened the know with his teeth. When he had done this to his satisfaction he said : "I could have borne it no longer. Waiting— waiting — it was awful work. I believe "—he suddenly raised his head and glared into the lad's white face—"if it had lasted another day I should have gone mad." George seemed stupefied. He could only gaze in horror at that tall, thin, grizzled soldier in the scarlet coat. Some dreadful idea was beginning to penetrate the confusion of his mind. "Yes, stark, staring mad," pro- ceeded Captain Willmott, who, but for that one look might have been speaking to himself. "But it is over now. I take the law into my own hands." He paused to make a running noose on the rope, and then glanced at the hook in the beam overhead, as if he was measuring the distance from the floor. 'This night my son will be avenged." "Avenged !" gasped George. "How avenged ? You don't think—you can't think—I killed him. I a murderer—you can't mean that. What are you going to do ?" "I am going to hang you," answered Captain Willmott, with a calmness of manner which was the more horrible because of the fury blazing from his eyes. The sudden terror in the lad's face was piteous to see. He clutched in- stinctively at his throat as if the rope were already strangling him. The awful truth, which had been slowly forcing its way into his mind, burst upon him at last with a shock which for the time deprived him of sensation. He was alone in an empty house with a madman bent upon taking his life. George's first conscious thought was to run away. He looked round despe- rately, Captain Wilmott apparently taking no notice of him—calmly en- gaged in adjusting the noose—but the door into the passage was closed, and the other two would not help him. It seemed hopeless to attempt to escape. Then he must fight for his life. With a start he recollected the pistol, and, quick as thought, drew it from his pocket. But it was a clumsy, old-fashioned weapon, and he had little control over his fingers, they trembled so. Before he could cock it a sword flashed through the air, and the pistol dropped at his feet. He looked in a dazed way at his hand, and saw a great gash across the back, the blood spurting from it already. A torrent of furious words which he could not understand fell upon his ears ; the sword flashed and whizzed around him ; he saw, as in a dream, a tall red figure dancing madly before him. Then he heard a sound of breaking glass. The pistol had been hurled through the window. Captain Willmott stretched out his arm and laced the rope over the hook. "Stnd there, you do," he shouted, pointing at the noose hanging in mid- air. "I could slice your head off like a carrot, but death by the sword is not for such as you. You shall die by the rope. You shall die as mur- derers die. Quick, do you hear ? Stand there !" But George, suddenly stopping to avoid the sword, made a wild rush for- ward, and butted at the madman with his head. So unexpected and so violent was the charge that the latter would have been knocked off his feet had not been gripped round the waist at the same moment. Owing to this unfortunate occurrence he soon regained his balance. he dropped his sword, and twisting his long bony fingers round George's neck, strove to throttle him. In spite of his age he seemed to possess super- human strength. He shouted as he fought, and his mouth was white with foam, which fell upon the stone slab, mingling with the blood from George's wounded hand. With only one hand—the left—of any real use, the lad's case was despe- rate from the first. He could not free himself from that deadly grip upon his troat, and as they pused and tore and struggled across the gloomy kitchen, now in one corner and now in another, his efforts to throw his antagonist grew weaker ; he could not breathe ; at last he was flung in a heap upon the floor. Before he could at- temp to ride—before he could even think—the madman had leaped upon him and was binding his hands with the rope. It was done in a moment, with hor- rible save rapidity. Then George could do nothing except struggle with his feet. The madman did not mind that. He cut the rope with his sword, and when he had returned the weapon to its scabbared he stood up and laughed, a wild fiendish laugh, which seemed to carry terror into the kindest corners of the house. All his previous calmness was gone. "I said you should die by this rope, you dog," he shouted. "I said you should die as murderers die. And you shall. I will keep my word. My poor dead boy will see you hang- ing here like a dog, and will laugh. So shall he be avenged. Will this noose fit your neck, do you think ?" And he gave it a push which set it swinging from the beam. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 