A FUNNY" ELECTION MEETING AT , WELLINGION. Tub biggest crowd (suys the " Uaxette ") that ever uttended a public meeting at Wellington greeted Mr. H. Boehme, at tho Publio Hall, on Monday uight. . Mr. roeume literally took tn© town oy startr. He was reusived with prolonged applause. He remarked that hu had announced he would storm the town that night, aud It had appeared bu had done so. But ho came provided with a Loaded pistol, , Here Mr. Bothire took from hie coat poekst a flask of whiskey, and placed it in front of the mayor. Prolonged applause followed, so long that Mr. Boehme put his pipe in his mouth, aod com menced rubbing some tobacco between the palms ot tiis hands, at the same tin e pacing the stage. An enthusiastic supporter jumped onto the stage aod gave him somo tobuueo ready out, and another admirer presented a lighted mutch. When the applause bad subsided, Mr, Boehme I root eded to give hie reseous for being a candidate at ibis election. Ho styled Mr. Hayuee a mongrel free trader, aod Mr. York a bastard protectiouut. Mr. O'Ualluraa he wnuhl not trust at alt Ho would rather vote for poor Dave Ferguson's ghost than either nf them. Ho spoke highly of the late Mr. D. Ferguson, und trusted he had acquired a portfolio in Heaven. For himself he was a free trader to the backbone, and having pledged himself to vote for the heat mao at this eleetioo. He thought the»o was no man so good aa himself, sod therefore ho Intended to vote for Henry Bo- hrae. Trumeudons applause ensued. Mr. Boehme took a driuk, noticing that the whiskey had gone down somewhat while he had been speaking. Mr. Boeuue ina»le ume further reference to Mr York, and tbun commenced to tell a story about turning tue tide, but the tudienco broke io, and deafening noises eowuud, ' : . Mr. Bukhbiei "Do you think yon are going to tin- mul No IM see you d— d first." The uoisu haviug subsided, Mr. ooenms reinmea ihe thread of his story, but the audience broke in rtgaiu, and tlie uoise was loud aod lasting, Mr. Bokume : "I invited you hire to enjoy yourselves, and I am pleated to see you ere doing so " (The MATORinterposed, and begged a fair bearing for the candidate, but he was disregarded.' \--Mr, Roeiime : "You think you havo the devil's — "- a Trilm the devil mvself." ow4?, / 4uoti6fljav.the Mayor said he had — The nuiee coui(utra.n;q.iO0m|n.ntUpoo Mm as _ tukon the ah&ir; as a duty vSa neither respeni t Mayor, but aa the mee iug ha\wv ctml« i tlie chair nor the candidate, hu . .,-no longer oontinne io the ohair ami therefore vacated it. Most of the uoise oame from low down the hall. Mr. Beoiius said he had been Informed ti\o- interruption was planned to prcvcut him speaking. A multiplicity of questions were now put, which he answered to the point ami with some wit., Ode prominent luterruptor asked Mr. B. if he was in fivout of Gludusvillu. Tho reply wai "Yes, for looking at you, I thiok you will requiro that p'aco. The same man, a short timo After, asked If Mr, Boehmo wa In favour of granting tho towo'£1080 for ighting purposes. The reply waa " Yeij for a deal nf enhghteumeut is required." Hu was io favour of locul option with compea- nation, was against woman Rutfrage, in favour. of p.iymont of members, and one man oue wifer ' , ' ' Interruption again took pluce. A visitor (Mr. Auaon, vuutrilo(|>iist) sat down at tho piano ah'd played " We won't g-> home till morning," during A hich Mr. Boehme uanced a pas szoo, and the flask uf whiskey was snatched by some person at tho back of the stage. 1 The fun now .became fast and furious, dnd Only subsided when the same visitor sang " Let' mo ilka a soldier fall," aud to ad encore sung in', tbe v.iice of a woman. Mr. Boehmo then gave ,k Gi-rmau snngwith a falsetto refrain, and to enoore sang " Am 1 not fondly thioe owu I" accompanying himuulf on tho piano. A proposition was, here made that Mr. Boehme wa a fit nnd proper person to represent Wellington in Parliament, wliioh wis declared carried unanimously, a forest of bands being held up. " Too ace no now became indescribable. ' A rush waa made at the stage, and eventually Mr. Hot-lime was carried from tbe ball eoross the rokd to Murrell'a Hotel. ' ' The damage done by the fire la the Public Works Office on Monday night amounted -.to £10,000. ,f Another rioh find of gold has been discovered on the C'"<-lgHrJ-e field, a few miles south of the Londumuory mine. A Wutur fuiuine Is again turuat. mug. S'-Hl Sir Geuroe Diubh !iai considered the statement mmle hy Osborm-, a oimviut in Puntridge, regarding the Bartnha inu dur, and ha found there .U nothing in it to justify reopening the eais;|of Le aud Cummins. Incorporation or Warren.— The second general meeting in connuection with the above was held on Tuesday last, the Hall being again well filled. Mr. F. C. Tompson occupied the chair. The Secretary, Mr. C. B. Hailiday, stated that as directed, the suv-comittee appointed had made approximate valuations as to rateable property and estimated that the municipal income, for the first year might be between £300 and £350, while initial expense in connection with aligment, surveys, salaries, books, &c.;, would probably amount to £200. Mr. W. A. Miller thought -tbia sum inadequate for each purposes, and was farther of opinion that tbe town had hardly yet arrived at the incorporating stage. Mr. Fowler also entered some objections to the coarse proposed, principally on the ground that the committee was not suffi- ciently representative of the landed interests of the proposed district. Mr. Kinnavane then mounted the stage and delivered a rambling address, from which it could only be gathered that he opposed the movement because of the inclusion of the suburbs and special area population. Finally Mr. Kinnavane moved, and Mr W. Clark seconded a resolution, that the question be postponed for 18 months. Amendment proposed by Mr. R. Conway seconded by Mr. Utle : "That in order to give all concerned further opportunity of considering the matter, the meeting stand adjourned till this day fortnight." The amendment was declared carried hy an overwhelming majority. As special area residents and others appear to strangely misunderstand details connected with municipal subjects, Mr. Josiah Shakespeare stated to those assembled, that he would be only too happy to give any information in his power, and he has had many years experience as Council clerk, his advice and suggestlons may be relied on. After Mr. OcDwrs resolution was carried, the meeting; adjourned in Warren. "Herald" 