POINT AND PARRY. fBl 'ABAJiI6.'j The division on the no-confidence debate leaves the G jvernment in that uncomtort afeta position known In nautical parlance as betwixt the devil aad the deep sea. In other wordi the Ministry is hanging like Mahomet's coffin between heaven and earth, with every prospect that the lawn of gravl tattoo will Boon prevail and bring them down by the rnn. Borrowing yet another eitnile , and this time (rom a worthy and esteemed local cleric, it may be fluid of the Oabinet-4hat its position ie parlous, seeing that Jtjstaads with one foot in tbe grave and the other all but— er.' It was a mistake that it was not decently buried in one aot, and far this contretemps it has primarily to thank the rev. member for Sorell. Clergy men do not often devote themselves to obstructing a funeral, Thtir duty in connection with each events is to facilitate the business, and to get the defuaot covered np as speedily and decently as potalble, When they depart from this rule, a&d; csnse vexations delays at the cemetery gates, tbey Invite, and invarisb1y r:ccive, very salutary Frees caatigation. To this, therefore, Mr Woollnougb baB jaetly subjected himself Bo tboald have remembered that, as a political parson, tbe clerical ralo still held, and at the result of his handiwork be now has to contemplato a moribund Ministry ?till refusing to give up the ghost; thaugh it has received its eovp de grace, and inde cently prolonging its txistence while it retaine no more power of independent action than a galvanised corpse. It most be admitted that the 'corpse' vety energetically used whit little power it still possessed to second tbe efforts t f its father confessor, who bo unwarrantably re fused to let it depart in peace. Thetefore, with a capacity for rat-catching superior even to that possessed by Browning's Pud Piper pf Hamlin, its respective members adopted every wile, tried every lure, and offered every bait likely to attract the political rodents, the trick was not alto gether unsuccessful, and as its result the Ministry holds on to office by the skin of its teeth and the hair of its eyebrows, repre sented by a majority of two. How roundly this fipells defeat appears on a moment's review of the position. Seventeen members condemn the Govern meet proposals as unsatisfactory, and. as tbe greater includes tbe less in so doing con demns them in root and biancb, in whole and part. Nineteen vote merely to con sider them in detail, without pledging them selves to acceptance. How then ca& the measures be carried ? But, making the ' case for the Ministry fetlli more hope- ' lese, in the nineteen is counted the chairman ot committees, and the Speaker fits tiieai, la the committee division tbe i Bpeaker, an Oppositionist, will vote, and the I chairman ot committees will sit silent ; so that the Ministerial majority goes at ones, Btlll though the result ot the debate was ex peeted Jong before it was over, it badly dis- ; appointed the expectations with which it began. It was a decided boil ov«sr, and this 1b how some of the Opposition members re gtrd the matter in explaining how it was that WE DIDN'T PUfcL THROUGH. Ton never can tell till the numbers are up, And then to be sure of your win, 11 you don't want to run any risk of a j ir, Ton will wait till the jock has weighed in ; We thought we might safely dispense with this rule, When we every man Jack ot us knew That the thing was a 44 moral' beyond tha least doubt Bnt, somehow, we didn't pull through ! We fully proposed to make Djbson and Oo. Bitter tears of despondency shed, Aa we gave them their grael, and stepped in their shoes, With for leader our Premier Sir Ned ; We meant to make Henry go dawa on hie knees, And hiB fiscal delusions eschew, When he saw our triumphant accession to power. But, confound it, we didn't pull through I We meant to make Hattnoll breathe penitent sighs For the sinsof himself and hia chief, And even make Lewis, the bass of the lot, Most reluctantly chucc op his brief ; In fact, we proposed to mike very ehort work Of the whale Miniitpriiil rrPW Andjimply command them to pack ap and , get, But, most oddly, wo didn't pull through ! We fully intended to make a clean sweep Of those taxes ou income and land, And on nnimproved value and trade license fees | To assume a most definite stand ; For to onst those misleaders and capture their seats Was a thing that we were sure wc could do, Bo we formed into line, and went in with a will, But, most strangely, we didn't pnll through I Blr Ned did the leading, and sounded the charge, Bnt all must most sadly deplore That he, who thus stool in the front of the fray, Was no longer the leader of yore ; Then Pietse, Mac, and Clark, and more speakers of mirk, Vowed to make all opponents look blue, And bravely went in tally meaning to win, Bnt the end was, we didn't pull through ! For the duffers who Bhould, when we made our attack, Have craved quarter and fall'n on their knees, Instead of fair fighting laid baits for our ' rats,' And the vermin went straight for the cheese ; A&d; the meanest of all from North Laun oeston came, Where the rodent will still be on view, And the placing reliance on turncoats like be Was the reason we didn't pull through. That last verse reminds me that one of the prominent figures in Soman history is a certain Julian, the Apostate, who flourished and faded in tbe fourth century. One ot the prominent figures in the political his tory of Launceston will for the future be a Certain Allan, the Apostate, of whom it will be recorded that he flourished and faded dnring tbe eleventh Parliament of Ta9 What the two men have in csmmon is the duplicity which prompted them to profess a certain faith until a desired poei* tion was obtained, and tbe completeness With which tbey repudiated any obligation to be bound by former profession when once their full object had been secured. But if eurroandingB&re; considered, apologiu arc due the shade of the Bom&n; Emperor for coup ling his name igatb that of the Liaacesfcon renegade, and I think that as a p&rleet; aud complete piece ot political treacbcry, with out the alloy of one redeeming feature, tbe conduct of tbis latter may fairly challenge historic parallel. He devoted his epeech to rehearsing the reasons why he should be true to his hustings pledges, and vote with the party he was elected to support. He admitted and reviewed his promises, and (recognised their oinding force. He con demned Ministers and all their works. He owned to a personal as well as a political animus against them— and he gave force to' all this by casting his vote in their favor. In (bis he earned not only tbe contempt of his own constituents, but actnally made bimielf despicable in tbe eyes of his new allies, and the Mercm-yihuB comments upon his unique performance ' '? Thecurioeity of the debate was tbe address of tbe Launceston repre sentative, Mr Macdonald, who, with one leg «n the Ministerial Bide of tbe House, and the other leg on tbe Bide of the Opposition, de eded, as he expressed it, to throw his bodily WHguv uo me biuc 01 ouuihib, Jreserving to himself the right to hop back again, and that not only once bnt often, Whenever it suited his purpose or would pleats, as he considered, his constituents.' The last reservation witb respcot te this peouliar game ol political hop-scotch is a Wise one, and it may be that Allan, the Apostate* will have an earlier opportunity than he desires ot testing tbe coincidence of bis views witb those of his constituents. When that day comes his peculiar merit should be recognised in a very special manner— Is fact 1 assert 'twould be quite a mistake Were so gifted a turncoat rewarded With naught bnt the Jionor, the glory, and fame To a commonplaco doffor accorded ; And so I suggest tbat we xobo him in state, And sot him on high in a chariot, Adorned with this legend, in letters of braes, ' Our political Judas Issariot 1' One ot the humors of the debate whloh attracted my attention was the bare-laced admission made by the Minister of Lands on tbe floor of the House that be had hired a man to contest tbe Bisgarooma electorate, whore, by w«y of showing how thoroughly the country was with the Ministry, his nominee was beaten by over two to one. The reason the Minister gave for bis action waB that he considered his choice the better caudidatc. Ibis waB a lob too thin, and, therefore, we have to contemplate the spectacle of a Cabinet Minister mouthing the platitudes of economy while be 1 deliberately puts tbe colony to the expense of a contested election to gratify a petty personal spite against a political opponent. But a truce to politics, and let us get on to some less acrid subject. About a month ago I hid something tj say about valentines, Siuce then the following has been sent to me from OreBsy, which has a general as well as a local merit. My correspondent says 1 was shown to-day an oil relic in the shape of a haul- painted valentine, which is dated February 14, 1827, The picture represents an old bachelor sitting in solitary glory, his surroundings being nicely painted flowers, roBesand rosebuds, forget-me-nots etc. The valentine was sent by a young maiden to the late Mr George Greig, of OreBBy, sixty-seven yeais ago. The picture still re tains itB brightness, but the following lines attached to it, though now scarcely legible, are as fresh in their application to-day as when they were written : BACHELOI FA-BE. Though endlesB variety, little satiety, Great notoriety, may be yonr share ; Yet think on to-morrow, in sickness and sorrow, What aid can yon borrow from bachelor faro. When pain shall slllict yon, and friends shall neglect you, Blue devils infect yon with blackest des pair ; Devoid of affection, then bitter reflection And deepest dejection is bachelor fate. Bereft of such blessing, no children caress ing. No wife fondly pressing your sorrows to share ; How warm will your wiehcB prove, that like the turtle dove, Vou could bot for love exchange bachelor fare. When age shall creep on yon, and pleasure tly ftom you, No one to look on you with pity and care ; Soft hopes all rejected, and comforts neg lccted, Dependents suspected proves bachelor fare. Though blessed with etrong health, in power and wealth, All pleasure by stealth from your hand will repair ; With friends round you falling, how bitter and galling, How dark and appalling is bachelor fare. If sickness your curse is, or dotage still worse is, The doctors, old nurseB, or a negligent heir, Will Btudy to grieve you, or vex and deceive yon, And carelessly leave you to bachelor fare. Then, in spring time remember the dreary December Of life, when each emter of comfort is When anguish Bh≪ rack you, Buepicion distract you, Bay what «can attract you in bachelor fare. The food you are loathing, a daughter's fond soothing. A wife fondly smoothing the pillow of care ; Oh, such pleasure will last, when all other j is past ; Now this picture compare with your bachelor fate. Lad? Gormaneton has paid as her pro mised visit, and has won golden opinions from all sorts of people. Her ladyship travels with her letter of recommendation writ fair and open for general inspection, and the inspection is a very pleasant one. I? I were not afraid of trespassing against Its convenances I should say th&t; her face is aB & summer day, and her smile its sun burst. She is sensible and gracious too, and I think her little speech to the girls of the Presentation Convent 6chool was the very perfection of what auch a deliverance should be. It is to be hoped that Launceston will see much more of ber ladyship. An echo hiB reached me of one little ad venture in which Lady Gormantton played part. On tbe Hill-top station platform lrequentlv standi an old petticoatcd de scendant of the Milesian kings, whose genea logical record haa in the lapse of ages become slightly contused, Her present vocation is to purvey the toothsome ribston and the attractive scarlet pearmaiu to the apple.loving travelling public. This ancient dame Lidy Gormanston noticed while the tr-ain bound North was at tbe station, and entered into conversation with her. ' Are yon not very cold 7' enquired her ladyship, noticing that tbe old lady was not too warmly clad, ' 1 was, ma am, till you smiled,' waa the prompt and thoroughly Irish reply. ' We are countrywomen, I think,' continued her ladyship. ' Troth 1 dunno that, then, for 'tis only living in Tas mania 1 am.' ' And eo am I. What part of the old country do you come from 7' ' Gal way. And where do you ?' ' Limerick.' ' Oh, then, I'm glad it isn't from tbe dirty black North.' ' Those arc nice apples,' remarked her ladyship, dexterously keeping clear of politics, ' Faith ye may aay so, an' will ye taste one T' ' Thank you, with pleasure,' and as a return a shilling was slipped into the old lady's band. When the conversa tion waa over some of the onlookers drew near and told the old woman she should not have spoken eo freely. ' Why, who was it ?' she asked 'Lady Gormanston, the Governor's wife.' 'O wirra, an' me not to know it, What'll I do now ' Why go and apologise.' was the w&ggiBh; advice. So off she trotted, and ay.ain accosting the Vicountcfs, said ?' I beg yer pardon, yer ladyship, fir speaking to ye just now widout knowing ye. BUnr^ they should ht»ve tould me, and av I'd known ye'd been the Gover nor's wife divil boru tbo word the likes of me would have been saying {6 ye.' Need less to remark the old woman was soon parted leaving no more devoted loyalist at Hill-top than her wayside acquittance. Nemesis has dogged down tbe evil-doers at Deloraine, and made a frightful exhibition of iniquity in high placcs It has been long known that in the farcial administration of the Oodlin Moth Act the Westbury Deloraine officials can give points to any other fruit board throughout the colony. The thing beoame so notorious that the Ohief inspector himself went np from Hobart in January last, and after satisfying himself of the disgraceful manner in which the Act waB evaded, returned and directed tbe local inspector by letter to proceed against several delinquents, among whom was one member of the board, while be himself prooeeded on the same grounds against tbe local inapeotor. Both magnates have since been had up before the Ooort and fined. Aparently tho rule, ' Don't do as J do, but do sb J teVyoo' was not accepted aa sufficient to cover the neg* lect ot duty, and hence the commendable official action which has led to this exposure. What the Ohief Inspector said about the matter is not recorded, bet it may possibly nave uaeueuuici.uuiK mis— Where misplaced power can thus combine With greed of unearned pelf, It's nsslesB to apply the saw— ' Physician, heal thyself.' And so as these meet gross defaults As ftalthh.es guards reveal you, I'll take the oase in hand myself, £nd, by the Mass, I'll heal yen I Anarchists marchad to the Italian Lega tion in Zurich, Switzerland, on January 29, and fattened red and black flags 07er the door. The police interfered, and in a rush ▼Jiiph followed many were wonnded on both sidef, Sixteen prominent rioters were arrested. 