< ORANQiEL OELEBRA¶1ION. .. : In connection with ' thedhl annual celehra tion of the 12th of July, ,t11 day ofthe mcmorahle Battle of the Boyne a o~jecial service was held, under the apcess of the Horsham Liyal OraIge .ddgn, No 94, in the Meehariics' lall' on Sundea afternooqn. The service wai largely attended by niem bhesrof the order, who appeared in regalia, andtheir, friends, .and the sermon was preached by the Rev. J. Lynex,i of Dim hools. Tile preacher took for.his text the third verse of the general epistle of Jude "Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the commton salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you, that ye would earnestly con tend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints." The object of the epistle I was, the preacher said, to put the Christians to whom it was addressed on their gtird I against the false teachers and corrupt doc trine that trouble Christiaiiity; and to stir them up to a vigorous defence of the pure faith delivered to them. At thie present day there was the same necessity for this warming and eohtrtation. To-day the teachers of error were abroad and men and devils were at work to rob the wrorl of the faith once delivered to the sints. III the world error was rampant and in the church itself there was too much ease. The Chris tian faith was not a mere set of notions and opinions founded on human origin, but it was rather that levelation of God and things spiritual which had been revealed to holy men of old, who wrote and spoke under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. The Chris tinn's faith, drawn from the Bible, was founded on good reason, and had been deduced from a careful examination of the teachings of Christ and his apostles, the words they had spoken, the writings they had left behind them and the miracles they had wrought, nu? otq.~a stdy ofi the pro. hecieps of the old testament, which had been fquid to be the true forecasting of what had since come to pass. The faith might be expressed in a few articles. It predicted the existence of God as a perfect bing; that the world was not governed by chance but by the overruling providence of the Alr?ighty; that man was created in the true likeness and image of God and that .his original state was oneof purity and happiuess that he,had fallen from that state and that his nature' had become sinful and corrupt; that ma, wse redeeme'd by the Atonement of Christ and sanctified by the holy spirit; that there was a neces sity for repentance in view of the judgment to come and the eternal life by which it was to be followed. These were the olticles in which was summarised that faith onoe .le livered to the saints, first by Jewish prophets and holy men of old and then more fully and perfectly by Christ himself, and for which Christians had still to earnestly contend. When the faith was delivered in its fullness by Christ it was perfect and complete, there was left nothing e add to it and there was nothing to e token away from it. It had been declared by God that if any man took away from this faith his part should be taken out.o the bo k of life and if any marn added toit God would add to him the plagues written in the book. The guilt of those who sought to take away from or to add to the faith or to place any hindrance in the wtay of it propogation was very great. The faith of Christ must at all times, under all cir cnmsataices, and at every sacrifice be up held and defended. The faith of the gospel was a grand old faith. It knew no change. It had stood for eighteen centuries and it wouid stand until the whole world had been filled with its light and blessed with its saving power. The faith was also a living and working faith and unless its influence was felt and seen on the heart and life it must be accounted deed. The faith was worth contending for, for it hrooght tein from darkness into light and out of the power of Satan into liberty. Without this faith the world would be buried in gross ignorance and in superstitions and be beset by destructive delusions. There were men to-day who told them that the Bible had lost its power, who would take away their faith, shut their Bibles,'close their churches and plunge the world into at darkness which, like that of Egypt, could be felt. The faith, however, would withstand these teachers and would continue to give the world all the blessings it had given it in the past. They should be prepared to meet in open battle the infidel enemies of the faith, whose assaults were more vigorous to-day, than ever they had been before. There were in the world and arrayed against the faith many formidable heresies with which' battle must be done. There was too the scarlet woman and her twin sister in the Protestant communion. What was the faith they were teaching? By their fruits they must: be known and. judged: They spoke much of the church, but little of Christ; much of the power and autliority. of the church, but little of the power and sovereignty of Christ; much of the sacra ments, but little of justification:; much of tradition and of the fathers, but little of the sovereign authority of Christ and his gospel. Even had the apostles any succes-' sors in the sense that' the scarlet woman and her twin' sister taught cauld those churches be. their successors ! It was not; by matins and vespers, litanies and chorals. the erection of crucifixes and the tolling of bells that the unsearchable mysteries of Christ could be made known. These riches were' not contained, in the churches, which were Christian only in name. The true faith of the Bible must be preserved in all its purity and earnestly contended for. For that faith: their. forefathers had gone to, the rack and to the stake and their children. should not give up.what their fathers had bought with their blood. Whilst thus con-. teididg for, the faith they should avoid carnal weapons and angry passions and fight only with spiritual weapons and with' Christian meekhess. The fight for the faith should be carried on bravely but charitably and lovingly., The musical portiotn of the service was rendered by an efficient choir under the conductorship: of Mir Grahanm, :Miss Grahamt presiding at the organ. : : . -; I The celebration, will, be icontinued' to. morrow" eveniig, when a seooial, at which, addresese will lie delivered by oIdeal and, Visiting milstorsa and others, will be held; inthe Masoniic Hall, ' . 