An Adventure with a G,h ost. When I wlas a lad. of seventeen, I -was So:!ice .iy tlie lI'llket ton's Philadelphia ?L. e~cy, aill was just wild, of coirse, to be elln: out Oill et.-. IEvery timle the cap thin got ia :l:" jub I wofe It slhde up to him and .sai : "Clp'n, IcuI' I etter let me go aOt on thit,;'" ;ill i4- wnmild ;niwer with a qul:wzic.i l gill,, " Not this -time, Harry. Wait till to next crase." Alollg inl I nt.ller of that year there w.-s a grit rusIl of bnsilnets at our office. \e hI:l i iftle ldetectives, all old experi encedl hI III s, nllIl ther were on tile jump uigtl.t ail dayi. W\\\ 44Ohli not hiandlle the i.iittnsthat was it.-inl in, aigd-the cap taini callig- out in fuil froll Ilia private ollice, "I gl:e we w'l lave to let you take tihe next caL'e, Irry." Slantll ha11 Ilhe '.ld the words.when the dol openelld l LIII a I t\aw old coullltrymllall entered.c lie pirovel to lbe Joe Baylis, a M-lltg-i1ery crLuInnt.vi justiceL of the peace, aim1 liie willlted thlle eldtlin to send a man down with thil to attctlad to a ghost, who was cutt.in? ldilis at Fort Washilngton. Tile apLt.lit toldh hiil he would.send a 1m.nan as.l1i nln as hio had li net his disposal. ,'lc't e oid ?Tllfui'elft..tirn I. jimpled to. y- ; "Captain,":I saill, "send' me on the casel." . The cal htiil lelaned iack in-the chair and looked ait,e ha?d. "See-lere, Hllarry," lio said,-" Slllppse 1 were to seld dyou, what would you do ' - I outlined a very elaborate campaign against the gihost. lie let meCflinish anld then slaid : " You'd lnake a confoulnded ass of yolitsell, niow, whllulil't oull? You'd mllake Its the ilaughlllng shtuck of the townl. Now listei. It the ti-ht. ilace, always bear ill Ilniltd there is Iio sucllh thilig as a ghost. If' Issenld yol to Fort \WaiLhlltgton, got here with that idea ill 'youlr head. ITlhere is no esuch tililng as a ghost If you see the ghost and get iLear eullghll, jumplll for it. It will turn onlt to Ibe a inuIlLan being-no doubt of that. -Now, I'll let you go and try your hliillI. If you see the ghost and think you c;tls t handllle it, lie low and follow it ald .sce 1who it is." The captain gave ale mloney and away I wenlt. I ielt lprettvy rave, for it was broad dlaylight thli, Iuit there were times when I wished nlly~c.if well out of the tling. I got to :Fort r1\ t;haington Labout three o'clock and illllunirL tile way to the h;luntedl houlse fronL tllhe stItlu igellt. I foundlll it on a hill aboiut half a mile front the townl, and looke.l it ovcr with ilnterectall dapprleun ailoll. It waIs attl 'old white frnlle mIansion stanithig lit Park-like gounids with plenty of Olltholluslls ;lioullt it. Solle colluntrymen wholl I lnot, tilol inl t ihat the ghost- was inl tile hIbit of stmililg ion top of tile broadl st.lone wall that .-kirted tile roadway. ThlIere-was Il ucllltholluse so sitlated tllat lly oine colicealed ill it colldhl overlook the whole streteh of wall frolnm elld to edl, and I.-ltle up lily mind that this was the place for tle Ito get ilto blefore tile ghost 'llatle its alppcearlllee. Thln I wenit baick to thihoitl, ltook lily sippeilIr alld chatted with. tile waitert: ;nct a few I"'logers about the ghost. I leoaled that it first alppeared about three wceks beI,forTe lny arrival: A manl a lled MllTunisi, an ignoranlt farmll hItll1d, .wasL the ilrstlleleoii to enl collnter it. lie wits colliig to the town one night fronil tile grist-Hlllti with a; sack of nlmeni oil hisi bIck, anti pautsecd for a llllct in front of tile old lhouse,1 to set the.bag dow\nl oli:a stumain gd restahis ishouldler. ii niheatrd iI.icie beliildid him,, aiid turuirnli- ti,?l1 ,l . t14iithIIiI fo il tile: wall it igIure lie afteirwardsasaidl was fifteen feet lligh ;it le:i.t. le diid liot atop to observe the lie gure ve'ryr cirefilly, thoeugh, but ran as htl las kliew how downit tile road. - Next niight a Iparty of 111e11 salw the glhost and thi:v ;ihLao 1a:. They said the ghost lua1e aIiter th.l-i lsreathiug fire and Ibrilll?tole iIt aeting.in a peculiarly weird anld uIiiilliy tliallller. After that the house was avitellllhd ait niight, bulit several strong p:r-tic.s of iem, it'hlu iing the select i1e1 of thie town,l .sil tile phost firom a respectfull lilata;tile. It ialPtcluaiched themil iii each c.se, ;uld ini calcl case they took to their heels. Albout dusk I stile down to the deserted liloou. ;tlus it was d:" k when I got there. I alld ilolg the wall to the oulthollse, crept cautllsit3ly in and shut the door agoaill. ' Iiaurily had1 1 sthult the door when I knew that t?,.roe wI;i somlle other liereon in that oulltho.-ic. I. P:ltllure there was solllmebody cluoe 1t lily ibolaw. I was trelmbling like a le.f, LbutI. t a..aag".d to puill a match front i" l?pocket ilia .ttrike it. I held it ill. It sllow\ed liue it Iig white iililffed figure not two feet 0away. Then the match went out. Was I scared I WIell, now, I sholuld say so. There are sotle peoltle who laugh at the idea of a llmanl; hair satalidilig oi elld. They say it is al physical inllmpslbility, but I knlow better. I could ieel llty hair rise rightup nlld litt my In;t, altid ily flesh crept. But 1 h1au to- jullp . I shut my eyes alld grabiLbed for tile ghost. I was so frighlteiied I seelued to lose -.clanscliosIless for a InoiuICtt, bult grahdLed lsomething. and held 'oi. Whel toile first shock passed L felt the ghllost tliggilg atnd. pulling to get away fiti lile. It seemeid as badly frigh tened ci; 1 wi ,;ul l ita tas iias were soft and warlit": "Lol't hurt ule," it said in a terrified voice. \- h11adl1 no voice to reply, with. I was cho?.,ig, blut I plllled mily cIitive out onl tice la111 ai4d looteil lll it in thie IiiOOn liglt. 'Th'i: liteet that had bIeeln IlillttHed atlcilt the ligurel, fell to the groillnd-a l'rett' girl lof I was ii disclosedl. I was III a col lll irilratill aild sihaiking as If rcoullvernalll n~lv a lhoLk of electriiLty, but ,wheylLi-,1 a ..4h?tlit II hiad tcughit a real geulicllie Ifclst ti'n'l'l l'cilflgtirl1 1.lud-noghost,,, I Ieg41u ta fedl elttal lid pi'e?ueiitly wami. a tll to talk. " 1\ lian, e .you r°" he asked. L ihenllslc I;ia edhs.° ac " \ ;,v' te di!aughlter of Joe Ia-lisl" "L Y e· , 1."l ,: " hat?t'Ia.i I oieo doioo this for f" Thel- rl.I aii to:-a ? y: , Shie said sihe had hot luilalit In itIr1. IShoe alnd heri sister hall ilaseiL ,o.?t jileit to hire soime ftIl. - lclr s.lter was usially wiith her, Iiut! did not clome this night, as .'he was too. blsy. ~he 1 had hiedh .froi-o her father thata cldetictLi;e was colilllg~o "catch the ghost, Iu?t thought lie w-is Iot lile for a day or two, aiind re-oled to imake one last allealnullce anlld thiltn giv.e up the perfor-. Ilallcet till thiligs eahilmed doswn. " Who Ilre IOil 1I slile askedL " 11I' tle ctteCtive," ealc. Shle iookcd 1lle over ill cevidenlit awe and coi01teriatioll, tiged wlith sotle slurprise ol aceooilit of ini age. " IVihar alre vIli g'ilg t o do with 111e I" i I shlil hiae' tic dilelc( ve0 1 T'le gihl cried iala" awll ilege. I to be ieltllismc 11id alliowe, to b.· Illcie, Ibut that did iot iit ill it il. I ,-aiI ahI was Imy lr'isoliCri ; lln as slciclh I Ililcit ih;iver her 1up to tice aut.l, lrities, llli after a good ldeaCill o(If w:.iI;;II. slie >nlT?.rt,-l tillt Ilil had better gre IIc i l.t tIc hiTr 1li fltthlr. I agrcecl t tlit t, .1 tl1 p.I'0 . "l u1 tile sl heet, I hel ]lher aril a1ll tIcon litl" wilih ine to Enlmily ?' ' " \\\halt if I icse ?' . . Then I wiln a kise." "Andi it I nin ''" Then I have to kiss yeou." Ilerfather's honuse. lant a mile distant. " Don't you kn,,w yoi might have been i killh.I I' .-+ooe' ?if th(e.: pl+.'i:.le you: fright ene id" li.l ".o, sir, I iev'r2 th:,,ight of that. Evel", ly .wh- ..?. i :. " r.u ,i awa.y." h'nl :: 1"1 ia. t e:. tlrrn-llholse where .1nul,: liv:d 1it wi " ii:t; pls.t ninte o'clock. .Evcryvlo;v :was i:l bed.l a'si tlhe lights were ll on t, 'i t It ! l,:!!, in,,. :d at the door. A wiin~iw Ol:p?:2nl and a man's voice s.aid : "1 l:,'s tl:ere I" " ::1." " \Who's lite I" " The det''ive " ' Y)I: tll ther !i:,. Why dlid you not wait till to iTrr:Vow I olettli eocre round anl se:e o i2l the ornin0 g ~ " I want to 8t- see you now. I have the ghost" At this the wilnow was closed with a b:aIg, an:d I1 hearud Iurriedl steps on the Stalll. 'he ,loir openei and old1 Iaylis stood in ithe d,.rw.v lie wasl dirapel in a very loi, nhl-lGsthinel d wite go:wn alld wore a tall steopleshap:led night- cap. one hand help ul a tin canillestiek alnd the other sla led the light. A circle of beard sweep j2l:I:!:Uler h liin fromli ear- to ear made him: hlook very'collieal.- Ile looked at me in' satolliiishmeit aiid wlhen lie saw his daulghter and the sheet I thought he was goingt into2 cinvurillsionls. "You, .lennlie 1" lie asked at length. " Y'e, fi.heri,' said Jennie very hlyi.hld. llhl.liaylis sighed and sail "Come in." I e senlit for tlie eighbloursi immiiiediately. I d t'L 2 klo\ow whalit was said at their meet ing, olir I was int admitted to it, but old Baylis gave me a letter to the caltain and pa:Lcked uie off on the midnight traiil. Next mornitlL, I reached the office early and founi:ll, all the in2ii: present, waiting for the alsptaiu to detail tlheCI. The men grinned at lle and ,:1 tssed the tine of day plca Tiliey ill kinew where I had been and o2t ieilati el a wonder-fiil tale of disaster and defeat, which they were ready to laugh at, although I was a favourite with .them, having done many a piece of extra work for every mana there. " I thought I sent you to FortWashing ton. Ilarry 1" sa;id the captain. " .Mad;11i a ass of yourself, I suppose " "l'helre's a letter, sir." \lhiile I.e captain read the letter -the men guyed me. "lilis is a very nice letter, Harry," said the captaint . " loys, the youngster cap tUiield the ghost." "Jid lie 1" said the mleln. " Yes, sir, lie did. The boy is a credit to us," and then the captain read the letter of the selectunen out loud. At every sentence 1 grew a foot. " \ell, loiw did you do it 1" several inquired. I told the story, and you may be sure I did not relfrain fr:om giving myself plenty of mcedlit. My tle was very highly coloured. W\hliel it was con cludedl; l.lig .Jim La:ng lotl dr.awled out: " Iarry, tell the hoine.t truth. Was you fr'ightened when that match went out ''" "m'oo, of course not!": said I. But I was frightenel two years later, when I asked the ghost to marry use, and I thought she w-as going to say no. How ever, she Ilidli't.-" Texas Siftings." 