1 SUNDAY CLOSING AND THE CATHO LIC CHV&CH; IK GLASGOW. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— The following paragraph appeared in the Glasgow Weekly Herald of April 2S. The Bav. Joseph Nicholson, the local high pnest of the prohibition fad, and others of hie kidney may not be pleased to learn of these 'fruits of restriction,' otherwise Sunday dosing of public-houses in the great, and presumably good, Scottish commercial metro F«c'8 in duels th»t winna ding, And dauma be disputed. This is the other side of the picture on the 'suooesB of prohibition' as printed in The Advertiser of the 7th inst. over Mr. Nicholson's name. The Scroll paragraph may not convince bigots of the types of Mr. Nicholson and Mr. Ieitti, bnt it may serve as a sign-post to warn cooler heads that there are snakes in the pro hibition grata, and as the KinReton Govern ment has decided to introduce legislation of the local option caste, or what the late eminent Soots judge, Lord Neavea, called 'a Bill to permit me to prevent you from having a glass of beer,' it is as well to know what are the sequels of undue interference with o&e; of the oldest, and, properly utilised, mosS useful trades or industries in the world. The ?? uninitiated may not not be aware that shebeens are simply sly grog- shops, and flourish most during the 'close time' of the legalised public- house, but especially so on Sundays, the 'liquors' vended being often the vilest of the vile concoctions, and of the nature of a torchlight procession going down the throat. Here is the Herald paragraph, which of itself is quite forcible enough, particularly so to the folks who visit Adelaide and see many queer eights never seen by very old residents: — 'There has been a mission or revival going on during the past three weeks in all the Catholic churohes of the city. Various fathers from different parts of the country are conducting the eer crowded to overflowing. St. Vincent's, in Duke-street, Glasgow, where the mission ser vices have been conducted by the Revs. Father Graham and Shea, of the Redemplorist Order, proved no exception to this rule, but the fathers found out that their good work was being hampered by the Bhebeeners of the dis trict, who still continued their unholy traffic, and prevented (especially on Sundays) their oo-reUgionists from attending the services of the mission. From the first week of the mission the fathers vigorously denounced the illicit liquor traffic, with the result that a great many gave up the business ; but still a number held on, declaring that 'they must live.' This the clergymen were quite willing to allow, so long as they lived by honest work and ' not by trafficking in the souls of their neighbors,' as one of the preachers put it. Matters rapidly came to a crisis, and on Thursday week Father Shea announced 'that as the ehebeeners had defied God and His Church they wouldnowseewhat God could do.' On Friday night a large congregation assem bled, and it could easily be seen that they labored under great excitement. Father Graham took his place on the altar, at his right hand being the mission cross. Taking for his text — 'Woe to the man by whom scandal is given,' the rev. gentleman gave a brilliant discourse explaining the sin of Bcandal. Coming to the shebeeners, he declared that the shebeens were swarming like a swarm of devils near the church, and his voice could perhaps be heard in some of them even from *the altar steps. ' What I eay to the shebeeners I say to those who frequent them. Now there is nothing for me to do but to hurl the curse of the church upon them.' As the rev. gentleman uttered these words tiiere was a buzz of excitement amongst the congregation, many of the women being in tears, whilst one fainted. Meanwhile, Father Shea appeared from one of the side vestries with black drapery, a black stole and white surplice over his arm. He handed the black stole to Father Graham, who invested himself with it amidst a profound silence. Whilst Father Graham was investing himBelf with the stole, Father Shea proceeded to drape the crucifix; whilst Father Graham, taking from bis neck the cross worn by his order, proceeded to curse the shebeens and those who brought drink either in or out of them in the name ?of God the Father, who created them ; in the same of God the Son, who re deemed them ; in the name of the Holy Ghost, who sanctified them. Every drop of drink sold or bought was likewise cursed, every step taken by the shebeener when he vent to buy the drink, or when he carried it out, was cursed, as was likewise every drop drunk in the house. The watcher whose duty it is to 'spot' the police was also included in the curse, as was the customer of the shebeener. At the end of each pause the congregation answered by a fervent amen. The rev. gentle man, who seemed to be in a state of ereat excitement, then divested himself of his etole. The drapery of the crosB was removed, and the ordinary services were resumed. Speaking on the scene enacted the rev. father stated that he had been 25 years a missioner, but this was the first and only time that he had to perform such a ceremony. He had a list of the she beeners, but he wculd not pollute his mouth with the names of those agents of the deviL The services concluded with the benediction.' I am, &a;, AULD SCOTTIE. 