WAS IT A HLOST THIEY SA.W? Mrs N.:. d. Jerumrg lives at No. 211,: fMhtin Street. Britllgeplt, and Mis Minnie Pariot barids with uhr. The house is an old one, but It good order. One :ithti early in Dueeuiberr (1891) the two woulmen looked all the dors and went to the tlreAtro, leaviln not a soul in tle house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about about Iillr past eleven they returned, ardn entered thlie hous lauglhint and talkling. But ias they weuit into tihe parlour the mirry humlourdier d olut if thelll in it second. Ilight il the unddle of tire roeu stoerd a dark rman of tiguutio stature. Tih upper part of his fare; was colcoaled by Ia irask his eyes gleuuming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves woere rolled up, and in oure hand Ihe carried a long, old fashioled pistol. The women t'ld scream ing from the roon, r ndr wheInri Jlunings c:tlllo in fivue UllUton latr 110 found ino one in the patrIur arid all the doon atrd windorews securely locked. What was it " During a recent period of ill health," rwrires nll Arllcltclrilr fliend, " I had slept badly for saveral su. russive nights. On the fourth of thleso iglrhtas about2 o'clock, I was siuddenly aroused froml it doze by rwhat seemed like the caltitgof my rmsi ; anud at the foot of cmy bed stood thle image iof my reother just Ias she looked live yiors before, on- vwhicth jourruey sllh was killed illa railway disaster' I screamed and faintedl. 1 was foolish enough to tell of it. and the local old womanll onssips said it a summonsIIr and I would never get well. Yet I did, andl m iti perfect health row. I believe that viiotu came .on imy weatik nerces, for I'veo lnever aeot it biince. anld ii's more than three yearn ago now." Nt ldubt it wiys Lthe Inrves. Why, hlero's no edt to Ithu ricka the nerves will play oil"' nt you whetu your rsyostc is out of coulditrio. I.I March, 18tl0, it was, that EMrl Jante ioster. ,f Durracott tead, PI'kcsdoiwrl, Ilaulst. verote i iast fiollowsi : -" I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear lanyoner in the rorm with eiia, yet I did not wish triem fiar away ill caso I should call out for htelp. This wuns inlt .1re 1889\. I slept very badly, and ill thile morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was oftell soevere lpain in miy head aun over miy eyes, and I sick tmst of the time. lily skint was dry anrd yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. liv-and-bye I had to lie hellllees in bed. The dctor said hli didn't know what icy comuilaint was. I took nothing but liquiid foer, and courl. not, retain eaven tiat on rry stomach. By this time I wnis Itmthii.g birt skin and bone. ly1 metmorrry coipileterly failred. y Ireadl ached cc dreadfully I tlroughtbt I shliOlI losue miy soses, and imy friends agreed that I would never get better. n I had given ulp all hope, whets oteo day cIra West, of Bourealuouth. called andl aisked whatl I was turlinil. Site told tle cite wacs hrliseIf once just a' badl oilff, anl was curcd by Mthrlcl Suigel' Curative Syr.pl). As ahr seeCledl to hlrave so IIemuch faith itn this ndeihiei, I tried it, ruid in three days [ is arisble to w\alk nuaeros the rlolni, and by the end of the week I wrnt dowllslttrir. Now I ral lll well as over. I can eit iand digest ily foodl, anlid all ilmy nIlerovaness has left elil." Tihe umalady Mrh+ l:.tUer saulfered from wus inldigestion uled d'lllapopialr allid nierv IouI prostration. Thi? rigirnal crtoutS writs grief ind ishock it the violetu death of lter husbanld, by accidlet, and rthe oasiui rallied orily whun the Syrup had given Iuow vigonr to te digoeutliu all thus fed andi tunedl tihe nerv'es. Wlvhatover mayi be your opinion of the Tlridlge ort gholut, it rce lains Irll thatiit most uneasy eis iona ad sluunlld mrciltle ilthinllg miore or less thlIi i not of InerLve all iurot by indigvestion ad dypolpain. (thosts come frour the inside of tile per rronwho suso them, and wheV Mother SeLgUl' SyrupI does its ework tie eye' and lhirear iniirhltriir only rlhatc i'i rim+ Iral 