A? GRAVEYARD `ADVN7TURE, "Then, boys, I suppose I have to go 1" I addressed the party with a cheerful tone of affected indilference, in hopes that some one among the number, more fond of midnight adventures than I, would volunteer to act as my substitute. - Yes," replied one. of the. students smiling,' the die l h cast:' your lot." - Having, secured in me a tool to serve their'purpose; they wished me 'uccess id my adventure mand, bidding 'me good night, I soon found myself alone in the dissecting-room. As" I sought for the implements requisite for such an adven turo as I was about to engage in, I in. waidly wished that I had never begun the study.of medicine; and bitter were the invectives I cast against the fate that had selected me as the unfoitunate one. Securing the 'necessa'ry articles, I laid them on the table until such time as I was ready to sally forth. It wanted two hours to midnignt; and to pass away the time, which I knew would hang heavily on my hands, I. se lected from the book-case one of' Fenni more Cooper's works, "Oak Openings. Seating myself, I began its perusal, hop ing that it would prove sufficiently attrac tive to engross my attentionl " I.n vain'did lItry it.i 'ly mind' wisn worked up to such a state of nervous excitementhby the' thoughts of coming events which did not "cast their shadows before," that every line I read contained, in my imagination, such horrid deeds of nmurderers, stalking ghosts, and gravediggers, that in disgust I hurled it from me. In its flight it came in contact with a skeleton which stood beside the door, and. with a. dull thump knocked it over, scattering the bones hither and thither over the floor. WVith dilated eyes I gazed upon the wreck ; but being too timid to touch the sacred bones of the departed dead at that hour of the night, and especially when there was no one in hailing distance, I decided to let the august particle of said deceased try a night's lodging on the bare boards. "Surely," thought I as I consulted the spirits within my pocket companion, in order to revive my own spirits, "he won't feel any worse than I do." Imagine my feelings as I sat 'there! with "no one to love,'" or cheer nie upi with conversation. Nothing but grim old skeletons surrounding me on all sides. The "Oak Openings" had knocked over the candle and blown the light out; but I was not "left to pine away in total darkness." The mellow, silvery beafns of the moon, which was then high in the heavens, came peering gently through thel 'windows into the room. The evening was, clear and cool ; and the passing winds,! swaying to andl fro the brainches of an old! elm which stood beside the house, caused them occasionally to grate against the window blinds, and me to startle with fear, while I would conjure up wandering! spirits without, sighing their mournfuli dirges, perhaps craving admittance to re-I monstrate against my projecteddesecra-' tion of the graves of their companions. - I' staggered to the window and gazed forth, Shoping to. find something, without that would divert my attention. But for the lowing of distant herds, and a discordant quartette gratuitously gotten up by sun dry sympathetic and decidedly unpathetic specimens of the feline suecies, who were perched on a fence directly beneath my window, all nature seemed at rest. I was' tortui naula.J-inUnt _i-t-,ot . fien-ziy byi-y gloomy meditations, when heard 'with joy the old town clock ring oult the hour of midnight., Hastily throwing on my overcoat, I buttoned it tightly about my throat, making the collar hide -my face as much as possible. Concealing about my person the articles I needed, slouched my hat carelessly over my eyes; 'and silently descending the stairs. I was soon out in the street. It was a glorious night. The minutest objects were visible at quite a distance; and had not the moon, which was sailing majestically through the silver-tinted clouds directly above me, convinced me to the contrary, I would surely have laboured under the impression that it was broad daylight: The gentle zephyrs cares singly touched my cheeks as they danced murmuringly along; and, indeed, it was just such a night as gallant swains would select for a promenade wherein they un disturbed might whisper into their idols' willing ears the oft-told story of their love. But it was anything but such a night as I would nave selected for the per petration of the outrage for the accom plishment of which I had been delegated.. An hour elapsed before I came in sight of Cypress Cemetery. As I approached its boundaries the cold white marble monuments came in view; and the unac countable courage which I had displayed on my way from the dissecting-room and through the silent streets thither suddenly flagged. I commenced trembling -with fear, and while my heart palpitated vio lently, and almost audibly, cold shivers ran through me, and beads of icy perspi ration gathered on my brow. This was the first time I had ever visited a graveyard in the silent, solemn hours of midnight ;and I turned to flee from the spot as I thought of the atrocious crime I was about to commit. But thoughts of the scornful contempt with which my companions would receive me if I proved myself, in their estimation, a coward un equal to the task, nerved me; and 1 de termined to secure the corpse at all hazards. Vaulting the cemetery fence with no light heart or willing bound, I crouched beneath the shades of the cypress foliage to secure my movements from any casual observer, should any be lurking about, as was oltentimes the case. As I stealthily crept along, thinking how miserable I woutl feel should any one dis turb the grave of my own dead mother, for whom I was then inl mourning, I was startled by a voice whispering to nme in slow, measured accents-" Do unto others as you would be done by." I turned to face the speaker; but no one was there beside myself; and attri buting the language used to some of the many freaks of my imnagination, I con tinued my way in silence. The monotonous quiet that prevailed throughout the celnetery was suddenly disturbed by the crowing of cocks in an adjacent farm. Thinking that the com ing day was dauwning, I turned to see if the moon had gone down, when, tripping, I stumbled prostrate over a grave. I felt the ground trembling beneath me; I was sinking-siniking ! I tried to rise; I could not, and I cried aloud for help. Oh, the untold misery of that moment l A tremendous roar, as if in his indig nation Jupiter had cast a thousand thunderbolts at once from the heavens, and amid flames and chaos I was sent flying through the air. I fell again sense less, and when I awoke it was only to confront a grim phantom which stood directly before me. "Arise I" it commanded; and some in visible aid brought me to my feet, for I was too weak and terrified to assist myself. With fire flashing from his eyeless sockets, and teeth clenched, it hissed iti addresses to me .rur wa*eii teme tellingi pe-opli ahal a lot of good things you have done. Ih the first place, they won't believe ,you, andl, ii the second place, they are waiting for a ohancs to tell you what a lot of good things theur have done therlueo . "Depraved, sacrilegious, presumptuous mortal, are you so vile and thoughtless as to wander at this solemn hour within the precincts of these hallowed grounds? Who living, belongs to you, that you seek them here '1" i I tried in vain to reply. The words I would utter melted into air on my lips, 'and the phantom continued: i "Know you not, oh, wretched, miser able mortal, that herein are the homes of those who seek rest in eternity ? You have willingly and premeditatedly trans gressed the laws of heaven and man. You have disturbed me, and called me forth from the slumbers of ages; and as you sought your fate herein, I shall seal your doom." It then beckoned me to follow it. I tried to turn and fly from the spot; but I could not move a step backwards; and I had lost all control of my limbs. I tried to scream, hoping thereby to gain assis tance ; but my lips would not speak. "Great heaven, deliver me !" I inwardly prayed, as I felt my legs carrying me wheresoever the phantom went. At last we arrived at the summit of a high precipice, overlooking the country for hundreds of miles around. Here we halted, and the phantom, raising its arm, pointed to the plains below, at.the same time com manding me to look. There was the town beyond ; and too plainly did I see, among the many buildings, the one in which, three hours before, I had been compara tively~happy. ? : . : " ....- ? - iTeA s lled nly eyes, andc bdowed'my head only to gaze on the dismal, cragged locks, thousands of feet beneath me. I was standing on the very brink of the precipice. The slightest movement would have hurled me into eternity, and my brains would have moistened the moss covered rocks below.- Oh, the torments, the anguish of that moment ! ;- "Vile mortal I" began my tormentor and I looked up to hear my fate-" you have now seen your home where once you were, and could have yet been happy had you respected the graves of our dead. You have but a moment to live, for already I scent the morning air !" • The moment passed. '! It beckoned to me, saying-" Come, come, you booby; are you going to stay here all night 1" And a rough jerk brought me to my senses. My chum, Gus Beaumont, stood be fore me. The doctor had finished his lecture, and I had been dreaming. 