Tfll ASBS THAT LOVED A IIJEBRI e S YýS, bOi\ FOSTER. ,"'Ae.or of "Slaves eo Fate." "A Mie'. Million," 'TbSWhbiO poer, " dPit Brow Lassie," etc. CHAPTER XIII.-(Co INsuED.) Since that last meeting Shadraoh haabeen Sndgsdhisghis brains to deise soame method 'otahlrsmap his gudiltlsaess, and he had almost decided upo the course he would Wrane, TEhat in was to be sa follows When Satrday arrived he would go to the lergyman and induce him to go with him to his native town. There he would be able to introduce Mr Reade to any number of people who knew him intimately, arid would testify that he was unmarried eso far as their know Sedge went. And as to his aupposed residence in hew -ictle- nder-Lyme and his alleged marriage there the vicar comli make his own investi gations either by journeying there or by directine inquiries tC be mode by the local nthoritieso5 that town. The young miner w is engrossed in these: speculations when the night tireman walked ponthe pit' bank, and, pausing near the ahaft, cried pleaeantly, "Now, chaps, are yo' ready? It's after -eight o'clock. Then be shouted to the engine tenter, "Draw the cage up, Sherrington, wd lad." The large cage was dreawn slowly up to the Sanding plates, the night- sen got in one by one, the fireman foliowed lust of all, and then he gavethe signal to descend, and the iron strateure with its freight of. living beinge fell down tlhdark shaft with the rapidity of an arrow on the wing. There is no need to dwell upon the trivial ities of theearlier half of the night. Until msapper-time the two miners with whom this storyis onoerned piorsued their work with out break or incident of any kind worth mentioning. By.a asigular coincidensc neither of the amn hod drawer that night; each was working alone, and save themselves not n -soel was in thatpart of the mine. South worth haddismissedhis drawer in a fit of anger only a couple of days ago, and little Jack Ilimson was absent from work owing to illness. Therefore, both pitmen had to waggon the ooal to the shunt after hewing it, as old -miners will understand. Shortly after twelve o'clock the night fire snan had passed through the places on his customary visit of inspection, and, after a word or two with Shadrach had gone his 'ray. And as the officisl disappeared alongside the edgeof the gof which, led into David Southworth's place Deanmo threw down his pick and proceeded to hveo his " jackbit." Ashe cat thereon the csall heap of slack 'munching his cherse iand bread, whiochl he wasbeddown with c ld tee, ho could hear the clear ring of o ontIwortill'a epalde upon the hard booe as he filled his " tub." That little fact turood ileane's thoughts in a direction they lhad not token of late days. aond-wehe hcame to thick of it it seemed rather singular. How was i: he wondered tent he had never :antil that moment drealemd of connecting his rival with the appearance of toe strange woman in Autlierewoooid ? She could have no interest in porting hint and Naunie, but Southworth had every reason to desire such aoosninmation. Was it not possible --ns', was it not even probable-- that l)David Socthwrthwastbheouo aeen rower which had urged Mary Worth ington to do her vistiinrou work? The thought that it inist he so made Shadrach's blood boil with righteoue wrath, and he ie solved :o charge his foe with his villainy ero the night was spent. With that resolution in his mind he finished his rough and ready meal and went bhck to the face ol coal, pg,nudring how he was to begin his converaation with South worth when they met. Thartnieeting and reonvcraion were nearer athand than Shadrach dreamed. Even at that muineitthe liFates were bringing him and hisdeadlyeieny together. Deane had not boen oat wr!k many minutes before he heerd sotneone crair!in upthe side -of the goaf which etretcbs-d between his place and that of SothwrortLh'e, and thinking it was the night foreman .returning he simply countinued ' holing." Blt presently, the cramblingr noise ceased, and avoie-rhe voitoof 'David Southworth -was heard asking in a quiet matter of fsottonebueit"aif wrong word had never been echasnged ~tweee himselt anud Deane : " fIallo ther, Shedrch; ban'- yeo' getten a prop to givemn? The 'roof is a hit rotten yditder. and oh ouldn't rind niny props in the shunt.";, . - "You'll find a sprop or tra in the draw ing road if you want 'em," Shadrcah replied as be recovered -cpmo his surprise and re .anmed hlii edrk. ' - A minute later he saw David in the draw ing road; aidftheo hesauddenly resolved to have the matter out with him at that mo -onent, "SSoutlworth," he said, quietly, as he cast down his pick, and went into the drawing road. "wait-a moment. 1 want to speak to yon. W'hat ir it, Shadrach?" the other re plied, still retaining his former suarity of Smanner and tone. "(ot is it, Southworth, that you cannot let me aid Miesa Wilson alone?" "What's up now?" " You know-he a man for once and admit what I know to he true." " Well, what io it ?' "Why did-you get that woman to swear to Nannie that she was msy wife, when you mnow it was an infamous lie" "Iknow nothing of the woman!" David oried, but with a look on his face that belied his words. "What woman are you talking .agent?" "' You know-your face gives the lie direct -to your denial. But your echeme will fail after all!" Shadrach cried, passionately. " Will it " Scuthworth exclaimed, hotly. * We'll see about that." "We shall, and if you do not ger the woman to withdraw oll she has said, Ishall take proceedings against ycn both for *ander. I moan it, by heaven I do ! "What do I care for you and yourlaw! You Lnd-it may go to hlnzes for all I care." "Ifyou get sent to gaol you will perhaps alteryour opinion, my lad!" said Shadrach, bitterly. "Send me to gaol, wenid you 9' South wor-th muttered, ocliircfsrrd now with mad -rae and jualonry. "Curse you, take that i His great clenched fist shot out, and -amck Shadrach on the head. sending hm spinninmg to-the hooor. Blt Deane wao not long prostrate. That savago bloow from his foe had converted' the ordinarily peaceful -ean into a madman. With a hoarse oath he sprang to his feet, *iched up a bar of iron that lay within .zs.ch, and ran at Siothwortii with murder in hi. eyes andhaart. For the moment the devilhad poseoosion of his soutl When the man who had struck the first blow nsw his maddened rival rushing at him -with that deadly weapon in his hands he turned toil and tried to fly. But he was ton late. Ere he had taken .more than a couple of strides Shladrach was upon him, and the crow-bar had descended on his head with a sickening thud, and he czaahed like a slain bull to the earth, and lay -there dumb and bleeding. The murderous rage fled from Siadrach's heart as quickly as it had flamed up -when be saw Itho vitim of his uncon trollable wrath stretche- out before him ; and 'with a bursaing heart 1a.sank -bcside the prosrrate and lifeless body, wailing. " My God ! 'My God II have killed 'himiflI am a murderer no '!. What hall Idoa? What-ahallIdo?" Ean or 1'tr I. PART II.-THE ISLE OF GOLD. CHAPTEII-1.--TuoE ICAx OOTA RuSr. **'Here we are, lads. Downwith the traips, west let's mark out our claim !" - The speaker was one of a party of three seen''ho Thad juet arrived at Waikanooto Ully,, a rock-bound .valley lying about twenty' miles eastward of Hokitk.. the uaameat of Westland County, .New Zeland. Ee and his esompaniona were gold diggers, adoanly that morning had they thrown up an old and unprofitable claim some miles awayand joined in the rush to Waikanoota Gnlly, where, rinmor said, that gold was to be moooped up in bucketsful. i All right, Seph," one of the first apaikea- chams answered. "Shall we en lo the male hereo What spot do you hscold nsasl?" " iere-right here, Granby5" the man addressed as Seph replied, as he glanced aronudhim. " Thuiss rightinthecetreof 4he guleh, and the allnvial will he at itl ifdalisino~ta, or els 1 knownothing of gold dgging. Unload the male, and in witthe agse t once." Sph's comrades needed to urging to do the work which lay immediately before them. During the past fewmoatbs fortune had not looked favorably upon their endeavors after gold, and the prospect of a nei, and pro. bably rich, claim, had an inspioing Influence upon each member of the party' at that moment. Besides, they knew that unless that pavticnlar spet was stakedout forthwith some other crowd of wandering diggeia might comeup and interfere with the ground selected. So they all set to work to unload the animal whihsk bore their tools, tent and other belongings, and while they are so em ployed, a glance may be taken of thair oue reandince. WVaikanoota Gullyv was a roakh-bound valley half a hundred yards wide, and about a mile and three quarters long. Thousands of years before the stony gorge had been carved out by one or another of the Titan forces of nature. . Along the gulch ran a narrow stream cryataly clear and icy cold, which was fed in equal proportions by the frequent mrains and thick mists and the waters of the melting glaciers which gathered eternally at the head of Mount Cook and his brother mountains, and slid for ever at their feet. The aides of the gully were almost sheer walls of rock, which rose for hundreds of feet, ledge after ledge, like great ste.s that had led to the summits of the snow-crowned giants which reared themselves in the centre of the island. But the rocky rides of the wild and wierd looking glen werenot barren. Whenever a foothold could be found for vegetable life these plants flourished, and the steep walls of the gully presented a long stretch of the most charming and vivid green and delicate greys to the eye. Here and there in boundless profusion lovely tree ferns and darker leaved shrubs luxunriated, running up the sides of the pres-i pices in long stripy of vegetation until lost to view in the silvery mists which hung about the shouldere of the titanic hills. And here and there among the greatmasses of green feathery foliage the totara pines lifted their tapering stems, draped with all mannerof fantxatically-shapedfestoonsof grey lichen, which contrasted prettily with the patches of black rock, the huge fern frondo, and scarlet blossoms of the rata which in places lit up the tangled growth of green with patches of intense color. At the head of the gully a thin thread of silvery water leaped downward to feed the rivulet and beat itself with a mosical murmur into spray on the rocks below, and at other points along the valley little cascades were tinkling down the licben-covered walls. Three weeks before a couple of miners out prospecting had discovered gold in the first panful of dirt they had washed in Wailkannotsa Gully : and subsequent washinre at different points had given equally fruitful results. Then the blood stirriung news had been scattered about, and the rush to Waitanoets Guly began.: and in twenty-one days the quiet deserted gulch had been travetormed into a small pas-demonium composed of men of almost everynationality tinder the heavens. who were thirating after the preious yellow metal. By the time our three friends reached the epot the place appeared like a small tonu or, perhaps a better phrase, would be a large fair, for between a thousand and fifteen hundred men of all sorts and conditions had taken up their temporary quarters in the gully. The majority of these wanderers had housed themselves in caurnvas tents or rough huts of timber. ard a few boasted erections of light corrugated iron, while not a emall number had nothing to shelter them save a shaggy well-worn and too often dirty blanket. MIoet of the miners who were then rough ing it at Watkranoota had to travel thither on foot and carry their belongint on their backs, generally wrapped up in the ever-present blanket. Diggers can exist under almostany conditions, provided that they have a good stout rug in which to enwrap themselves at night when they take their well-won sleep in the open besides a fire, and a pannikin and " billy" in which to boil their tea. The men at Waikanoota were a rough and ready lot, but not more rough and reaoy than one could expect to find at such a place. They worked hard in the daytime seeking the sn-i ferous ore, and if they found it in any can seiderable quantity they wihed themselves and their chums good luck in one or other of the drinking saloons. Three weeks had transformed the deserted gulch into a town, with traders' stores, an hotel, a bank even, and whisky dens by the dozen. The finds of gold had been rather ex traordinary, and the boom had attracted every miner with a bad claim who waswithin twenty miles. These men were still coming in by dozens, and in the cours of a week or two every available inch of soil in Waikanoota Gully would be staked out. By the time Seph Dennett, George Granby and their remaining chum, Ike Shellcombo, had staked out their claim and erected their conical house of canvas the evening was ap preaching. Thethree chums had just finished work, and were standing at the entrance to their tent. One of them, Ike Shelleombe, was speaking. "Well mates," he remarked, with the nusalpeeulisrity of the true YTankee, "I guess we've about finished that job, and that being so I vote that we liquor up. What do you say, Seph, old manu" " Iwas just thinking, Ike, of making a fire so that we could have a sope of tea," was the reply. "lever mind the fire," Granbybroke in at this point, " at least not yet, Dennett. It's too early by a long way to tarnout yet, and tean will keep. I'm of Shellcombe's way of thinking. Let usgo and hase a drink. I suppose there must be quite a lot of fellows here that we know." "Well, I don't mind," Seph responded, and they all turned away from the tent and made their way towards the centre of the crowded settlement. The saene in the gully was of a lively and an interesting nature. Half of the flat patch of allnvia land hemmed in by the clifis was already occupied and being rifled of its yellow treasnres, and the remainder would be taken up in the coarse of a week, for fresh batches of diggers were constantly arriving in .gangs of twos, thress, fours and hald docenr. Here and there the red-shirted miners were standing stout their holes, some of them winding up bnkets laden with gold bearing dirt, others washing the last panful of gruvel and storing away the auriferous sand. At the mouth of many claims a small flag of red bunting was iapping idly in the even ing breeze, denoting that gold in noyablie quantities had been unearthed at those par ticular snora. In and abont the broken ground the new arrivals were threadmi their way, making eager inquiries of the workera. The tredesmen's storesewere litup already, and doing a good business, and the saloons were driving a roaring lads in bad whieltey and other liquora, end English betled ale aad stout. "Here's the place, I gaess," said Ike Shelloombe, and he and his chums came upon a large structure of corrugated iron, over the large open doorway of which ran the legend M'1'aggartea First Class Hotel. * Come ulong toys, and let's Eample the Britloher's poison." They went inolde toge:her and found a motley issemblage gathered about the long bar, Thoyordoreddrinks aidstoodchatting amongst themselves. glancing meanwhile hither and thither about the place and making casual observations concerning the various d iggerthey knew in the crowd. PrIeently Grurge Granby nudged oelch of his chnms sharpy in the ribs with his elbow, and said: " Look over there at the further end of the room. There's that old 'batter' again Maori Dick, don't you ell him 1 " Seph's eyes andthoreof Ike were torned in the dreotion Granby had indicated, and they recognisedat ones the notorions character to whom their chum had alluded. JIaori Dick was a gaunt fellow of forty-ive or fifty, ill-olad, unkempt and of a generally uninviting aspect. To look at the wretched ereatureone woild not hae given a brass farthing for the man, either morally, physi cally or intellectually. But dlaori Dick was worth mere than he appearedtobe. When he spoke one could detect in his speech and manner traces of a refinementand edncation which testified that he had liveda higher life somewhere, and at some time not rzpotely distant. What the msn's real namewas no one in the: Island cold tell, nor where he hailed from originally, for when sober he could neverbegottospeakof eitherhimselforhis past; and when drnk, which was often,be was not to he puaopedby the most cunning jigger in all New esand. For the pest tenyears the mierable fellow had been knookin-s about the vauioua gold towns in Westlazd County, and he was familiar as the sun to every oei digger withinfortymilea. Onee s week MtriDick would turn up in one orotherof the noted digidogv, and after having hbad abig and deep "' drunk woul disappearfora handful of dayto" be seen no more of men and the world until the drinking fit was upon him again. But the strangest part of the boeuese was this: Although no digger of all the thou sands on the Soath Island had ever seen Dick handle either a pick, ashovel or cradle, he was always flush or money when he frequented the common haunts of men. Where the man got his money from was a mystery to all, and not a few theories had been originated in order to explain the pnzzle. Some believed that Meori Dick was a scapegrace memnberof anariatocratic family in old England, and that his relatives paid him handsomely to keep away from home ; while othere there were who averred that Dick was simply an idle digger who had made his pile years ago, and was now spend ing it after the fashion which appeared boaest to himself; and, again, not a few di'ers hinted that the disreputable sot who tgrew his gold about so recklessly when "on the spree" had struck a rich hole somewhere and was workingit socretly. When questioned on the point Dick would tug with a dirty hand at the ragged sheaf of grizzled hair at his chin and emit a low, dry, cynical chuckle. Most frequently that was his only answer, hut occasionally he would remark, after asking his interlocutor to have adrink, that his pile was safe, and that lie meant to "blue it before he passed in his checks." Maori Dick was already half drunk, and he waspressing everyone about him to drain their cups and haeo another with him. Our three friends only escaped his invitation be cause they were out of the field of his obscured vision. " There is something about that fellow I cannot fathom for the very life of tme," George Granby mutteredin a reflective way to his companions. "That is so, boss,' the Yankee drawled, in answer. "I reckon, pard, that I cantake the measure of most men, but Dick there I somehow can't get a grip of." "Onethingis certain about him, Shell combe." Granby returned, in a positive tone. "And what may that be, ole man?" Ike. queried, as he filled his lank, hairless jaws with a mammoth plug of tobacco. "Hc's a university man-a thousand pounds to a haysoed on that. Se's of good birth, too, or I'm a Josser. Haven't you noticed at times how well modulated his voice is, sand how correct is his English? There's a mystery about eMaori Dick that I'd give a trifle to get to tne bottom of. What do you Eay. Seph?" "I'm wilh you there." wes Dennett'saready response. " hat chap has a story like most of us I sapoose. but what it is I cannot even imagine. Bst Ido know that he is a very generous fellow in pite of his dirt, drink and beastliness in general." "H ow do you reckon that up. Britisher I" asked the American.' "I guet Dick's generosity runs to a liquor as it does with the lot of ts."' "Oh no, It:e," Sept, remonsotrated. " Wait till I tell ytn natt. happened two or three years o, when I first met Dick at Hokitika. lie hal been on one of his great sprees there when I first ran against him, and had painted the whole town red, as you may readily suppose. int his drunkeon that occasion had beena bigger and more lengthy one tihan usual, even with him. "I was hanging round the piece, doing nothinec in psarttenlar, having just tiui'bcd a good paying hole up Kabonaga way, where the gold hadgiren out, aedwas waiting for the ext rush. " Bieing flush, I was taking things pretty easy, and while doing the roundts of the whiskyhbells,Icame acrossDickthere, and had nots few drinks with him. He's an awfully good-natured fellow when in liquor, and he seemed to take to me somehow. At all events, he wonted me to go on the rampage with him, and offered to find all the rhino for the fan. "Of course, I declined, for I wasn't without a nice little heap of dust of toy own at that time, and Maori Dick coo tinned to paint the town crimson on his own hook. "One day when his dust had run out and the bar-tenders of the various saloons were refusing to give him a booze on tick, he met with an accident-got knocked out in the street by a pasesing cart and had his leg broken. "There the poor devil was stranded and helpless after runnitng through forty or fifty pounds worth of dust in a doyen days or thereatouts. 1 found him lying in a den where he had been carried, and with no one neur who cared a tinker's curse whether he rotted to death or not." "And you, Seph," Granby asked, as Dennett paused in his recital to wet his whistle with a drop of whisky. "What did you do?" "What did Idol What could I do? I had the wretched devil taken to the best lihotel in all Hokitika and placed under propermedicsl attendance; and I gave the doctor to understand that I would pay for everything-tin fact. I did pay in advance and I told him to spare nothing." "And then, Seph ?" asked Granby, who had become interested in the story, "what happened afterwards?" "I left the town in a hurry tojoinin some gold rush then on up Tanrangi way, and didn't see Disk until thirteen or fourteen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upside down with me, you can bet. I and a chum had been working like niggera for months in a God-forsaken hole at Taurangi and hadn't found enough gold in the cradles during all that time:o keep us with dry tommy. "And to make matters as infernally bad as thVey could be my old chum, Roger Wolfendale, took the fever and died. When I had buried him I was stone-broke both in pocket and in spirit-hadn't a copper to curse or bless myself with, and creait for neither a bite nor sup. "1I was just thinking of chucking digging there and then and for ever, and of begging my way to Otago, where I might turn laborer at five bob a day, when who should I run against at the door of a saloon but Itiori Dick. "He was on the 'go,' aensual, but he was sober etnough to recognise me at once, snd to grip me fast. It didn't take me long to tell him how things stood with me, and before I knew what I was doing I was in side the place, and had the best the saloon could offer in the way of eatables and drink ables." " Good old hoss !" quoththe Yankee, with a sparkle in his small eyes. "There's grit in the heathen after all. I reckon I owe that old iellow a drink." " lnt that wasn't all, Shelleombe," Soph went on. Before we parted Dick dropped five and twenty quid into my hands, and when :I wanted to talk about rspaysntor him wanting some of it he sp an away and left me. Sines then I haemet hbi many a time, and have offered him repay ment. But I shal! never doso a ,in." " Howa's that, pard," the Yankcee de manded, somewhat sharply. " Lecause 1 do not want to insult him,' was Seph's reply. "Low as lsori Dick ap pears to have fallen, the heart of a man sttll hes in his breast, no matter how much he may try to bide the tact by making a beast of himself. The last time I ventured to speak to him abont the money he implored me with tears in his eyes-the irat time I or anyone else ever saw him betray any sign of feeling-never again to offer him that crowning insult after what I had done for him in H'skitika." " I should like to shake the old vagabond by the hacd l" Gramby burst forth. " There's better stuff in that old demoralioed savage than all the gang he is treating there at the bar i " I'm with you there, pard," drawled Ike, as he muoched his monthfilof thiek twiat. " I guess I shall have to make Moori Dick's acquaintance just for the sahb of teiling him that he's a darned heap better than I used to think him." " Then you'll have a chmace new, ohums," Dennett cried anddenly, "for Dick'e coming over here, I can see. He'c spotted me here be comes." So it was. The toll, gant, usglected looking fellow came scres the plase at a gallop, and was wringing Sph Deoanett's lit in his own ere the others scasrcel reallied it. " How are you, Seph, my boy I" the half tepoy vagrant cried loudly. " Al right, I can see. Yci, I'n on the rampage again, and mean to do the thing well on this espeanl Secasion. Maori Dic doesn't count th at when he is out for a holiday. Ace these friended aof Sep If thy areI shoold Seph presented his comrades in anof-hand waj, and the mysterious reveller coationed, "ufaf to mnet you all, geutlemsa--..ou specialyy lep~. Iwaut~ttelo tetll osmehn some day. But tha's not the qe stion onow It's my shout this time, a give yonr special poison a name." The drinks were ordered and supplied, and as they sipped them they engagsd, ýn eon vecuaton rspsgtlng.the gilly and its deal. sens,. "Been here long, gentlemen ?" Maori Dick asked as he poised his tumbler of whisky and soda on high, and watched the sparkling effervescent bnbblea with the glance of a connoisseur. ' 1We only joined the rush this after noon," said Dennett. "Have you been hero lonag ?" " Just a few days only, and I was thinking of moving but I shall stay a little longer now for the pleasure of your company. If you gentlemen will only help me to molt the dust you will confier an inestimable benefit upon yours faithfully. What do- " Maori Dick's speech was broken off abruptly, and his face changed cotlor with the auiolknese of a lightningflash. Hiattention had been arrested by the voices of some new arrivals, and at one of these, a dark- bear4ed, sturdily-formed man of fitty; he stared as if a ghost or devil were confronting him. . Then without a wrad he tamned, drainedhis glass to the dregs, and tried to slip out ofnthe saloon. But he was not quick enough. re he reached the wide, gaping doorway a brly form dashedforward, and strong revengeful hands gripped him tightly. Msori Dilk's assailant was the dark bearded stranger at whom he had stared with fear and amaze, and the man's rvoice was ringing husnakily, passionately, savagely, through the saloon. "You sinnable hound," the stranger hissed with his fingers at Dick's throat. "At last I have found you. Now I'll wipe out your sin with your life. Stir a foot if you dare, and Ill pat a ballet through your infernal carcase." In a moment all was clamor andeonfusion. The diggers rushed in a crowd towards the struggling men, all agog withiwonder as to the cause of the sadden eneounter. (nO BaE omueDun.) 