The Storyteller. TEMPLEMORE'S HERIT AGE. (Continued from Raturday'i luut CHAPTER XXXVII — {Continued.) Nora yielded to the Duke's arguments with out any pretenoe or show ot coyness. It did not matter much, she thought — nothing mattered much. Perhaps the sooner it was all over, the better. She was glad when tbe Doke rose up to take bit leave, expressing his inten tion of retaining on the following day, in the hope that Mr. . Hartopp might then be able to grant him on interview. In any case, be said, he should lose no time in addressing Mr. Hsrtopp by letter. And then he kissed her hand again witb elaborate courtesy, and bowed himself away i and Nora paced up and down the stately room in view ol the fast darkening park, and thought of Charlie, and wrote her farewell letter to him— a calm, reasonable letter, to which Charlie must needs subscribe, and wondered whether It was five hundred ye*rs ago that that frightful nightmare had shaken her nerves, and driven her, half erased, to that foolish, mad engagement to Charlie. 'After all,' shs wound up, half crying, ' goodness is very muoh a question ot tempera ment. Lilian's sluggish blood and languid pulses would not be stirred where mine are fired ; she wonld bave married Hilary with only his Foreign Offioe pittance, and would bave con trived to be happy on it, too. Lilian has no ambition ; whilst I cannot live without— some things. Surely we must all live our natures.' Lilian, peeping timidly in, found her pacing up and down, with the shadows of the early closing twilight for ghostly company, and came and clung to her arm, and joined in her feverish walk. 'It is lonely upstairs,' said she, shivering. ' Mamma is with papa, and, somehow, tbere seems to be a ghost in the honse.' And then, as the shadows ciossd in blackly around them, Nora showed her sister the abyss which yawned before the trembling fortunes of the family. ' But I do not understand,' Lilian urged at first, ' it the papers were only old bills. You told me ? ' ' I told you a falsehood,' interrupted Nora, impatiently. ' It was worth while, to save the catastrophe, as I thought. I did not know that it was too late.' 'And Hilary is ? ' questioned Lilian, be wildered. 'Is our cousin,' answered Nora: 'papa's brother's son— his elder brother.'' ' And you knew it?' ' No ; not at 'first. How should T?' replied «ora. | ' If it is right, it will not burt as,' said Lilian, presently, and musingly. 'And then it is Hilary,' suggested Nora, with a touch of her father's cynicism. Lilian dropped her Bister's arm. ' Nora t' she exclaimed, indignantly, ' that is unworthy. It is all over between as — it has been ever a long time. I wish it had been any other but Hilary to olaimwhatour father holds; but I am glad— how can I help being glad?— that Hilary has come to his right. He bas waited for it so long.' She broke down with a sob. Nora gathered her into her arms. ' You are a dear, good little soal,' said she. ' You bave done no wrong ; it is I who am the sinner of this houBe : you are the saint. If any thing can help as in this strait, it will be yoar goodness— yours and mamma's. As for me, I am past help. How dark it is I Come upstairs into the light and warmth again ; the darkness frightens me.' Lilian followed her to the boudoir— a cosy little comer, glowing with firelight, reflecting itself upon the gilded mirrors and the pretty ornaments, and shining on the silver tea-servioe set on a little low table close to the hearthrug. Nora tossed a heap of cushions on to the floor, and threw herself down upon them ; and then, as she turned her face to the full light, Lilian Baw how pale she was, and that a strange, new expression had settled itself about her mouth. Lilian understood how bitterly Nora's proud, worldly heart must be suffering under the blow of the family loss. It did not seem ho great a misfortune to Lilian, with her gentler, less ambitious nature. Love was her life ; and so long as those dear to her were spared, she could afford to part with mere wealth— could give it ap without a pang for herself. Her mother and Nora, and even her stem, unsympathetic father, whom she loved, in spite of his repellent temper, were hers still, and it did not seem te ber that any misfortune could be irremediable eo long as these remained to her. Her one sweet dream of a fuller, more oomplete life and love was, she counted, over and past for ever; beacefortb there was nothing left save to devote herself more entirely te those about her, and to strive to be content witb what life bad still to give her. Her heart went out to Nora, and yet that pale, almost stem ooantenance frightened and repelled ber. She was casting about for words of comfort for this sister, who was yet so much happier than herself in possessing the faithful, tried love that would shield her from all barm, when Nora spoke ; \-- Liiiy, saiu sue, -- nave you ever jongea tor the old life te be swept away, with everything that belonged to it, and for a new life to be set before you, to begin afresh?' ' Ah, no !' answered Lilian. ' I could not afford to let all that has been sweet and plea sant in my life— all that makes my life, in fact —go away out of it. I think I am a little afraid of the future ; it feels so cold and bleak some times. But I am at home in the past. I could Dot bear to part with it.' ' Well, it is all the same,' said Nora, gazing into the fire with that etern compression deep ening about her month, ' sinoe the past will not let as shake it off. We must drag it after os, like the manacles of an escaped convict, wherever we go. Lilian,' cried ebe, with a sudden change of manner, ' come here— close to me !' Lily threw herself down on the impromptu divan, and nestled close to her sister. ' Lily— dear, gentle soul,' said Nora , ' tell me that you love me— that you will always love me.' 'Always, dearest,' answered Lilian, with her arms close aboat her—' always.' ' Thanks, darling,' said Nora, stooping her face to Lily's. ' The future is cold and bleak, as you say ; it makes it less so to feel that yoar dear love shall follow me out into it.' ' Nora,' cried Lilian, reproachfully, ' when you have so much ? ' 'Yes, I bave a great deal,' said Nora, calmly. ' Your life is so rich— yoar future so bright,' Lilian went on. 'Yes,' assented Nora, almost savagely, ' yon are anticiapting the verdict of tbe world — even ycu, unworldly, simple-hearted Lilian.' ' The world ?' questioned Lily. 'Yes, the world,' answered Nora — 'the world, which will Bee no flaw in tbe brilliant lot of the Duchess of Towneley.' ' The Duchess of Towneley I' echoed Lily, 'Yes, dear,' replied Nora. 'I am to be Duchess of Towneley, and you are to love me always ; yon have promised, you know.' ^^jtTohe^mUtme^li^Satmd^^uue^)^^ 