THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAVEN BY JEAN MIDDLEMAS, dTh :of '?AGir1 in a Thunaand," "Touch and Ga,; "Sealed by a Kiss, "By Bair Means," etc.! 'TlE'DOOR OPENED AND TIE BUTLER ANNOUNCErD-"8 K PIIECE VACEIH1CA" CHAPTER VI.-(ConTI\unm .) " When you return to Coleshill what do you mean to do Y" Sir Miles asked at last. rathersuddenly, and Lisbeth looked very hot and shy as she stammered out that she did not know. "Would it notbe as well to sell or let the cottage and take a situation?" he asked. " Lady Marcia Foljambe or Lady Gertrude Danraven would, I am sure, interest them, selves in obtaining one for you." Lisbeth shivered from head to foot, as if a sudden gust of cold wind had entered the room in which she sat. Lady Gertrude Drn raven interesting herself for her; great heavens it was more than she could bear ! She managed, however, to suppress her emotion, and to say "I do not know if I could go to service. I am not accustomed to other people's ways, and I have never been traiued." "Yon are not too old to learn, and yon are clever and quick." he said, laughing. " But have you formed no plan for your future life?' " Perhaps I might nurse sick people or take in children to bring up. Ishould like to stay on at the cottage, but it all depends on-" "On what 7" he asked, still thinking she had learnt about her father: whereas she was thinking of Clement. "Well, on a hundred and fifty things," she answered. "I can settle nothing qntil I get home and have righted the old platc up a bit. But it is very kind of you, Sir Miles, to interest yourself in me, and I feel truly grate. iul to you." "You will let me help you-if I can ?" he enquired, speaking earnestly. "Remember -we ea soory old frlefe.. I an reeolleo you 'Se atiny child when you used to ride about enold Josh'p back. Promise you will let me help you." The tears came into Lisbeth's eyes. " If you can help me 1 promise to ask you," she saitud, "but I expect I shall just have to -work on like other women. NIow I think I mnust be going. I have already taken up too much of your time." She rose as she spoke, and putting on her ,gloves, while Sir Miles paid the bill, they left the restaurant together. Once in Oxford street they both unthink ingly looked round to see that her importan ate waylayer was not in eight. He had departed, in all probability never again tecross Lisbeth's path; bat someone -far more to be feared in the future met them faoe to face and stopped to speak in a jeering tone. The new-comer was Pierce Vaughan. CHAPTER VII.-RAixsIo A GuosT. It is the month of roses.. Glorious sunny .June. The gardens round Aboyne Court are radiant with perfume and the house, too, is filled with sweet fragrance, for Lady Ger tende worships beauty in all its forms, and roses are her especial passion. Curious old china bowls from almost every known pottery.manufacture both in and out of Europe, stand about in unexpected nooks and corners and are filled everywhere with the queen of flowers. But in the library is the greatest profusion. It is Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and it was Sir Louis', perhaps for the reason that it is the sunniest in the house, and from it, French windows open on to a terrace, beyond which lies the lawn and a panorama of fer tile scenery stretching far away for miles. The library is scarcely, however, the staid, bockwormy room it was before the old baronet died. With new heirship have come new ways and, Sir Clement professing him self to be absolutely indifferent as to what changes are made, Lady Gertrude has filled the room with her woman's knick-knacks, al most to the obliteration of the ponderous tomes which still hold their own on the book shelves. It is in the library that Lady Ger trude receives her intimates for five o'clock tea, the drawingroom being reserved for gala days, of which as yet there had been none. Sir Clement is averse to any large gather ing, giving as an excuse, the plea that it is too soon as yet after his uncle's death for them to invite their friends, except quite quietly. In this no one can gainsay hun, yet it is *scarcely Clement Dunraven's real motive for objecting to society. The fact is he is a -changed man since his marriage, is perpetu Sally starting at shadows, and the intercourse with his fellows, in which he used to delight, now frightens him. 0 He skulks about the grounds for the most part alone, and is the very shadow of the once genial Clement, in spite of his accession to wealth and title and the fact of.his being the possessor of the most charming little wife in all the country-side. Everyone notices the change, even Lady Gertrude, so backward, as a rule, to think there is aught amiss with her Clement. They are standing together at the library window, looking out over those broad acres which are all his now. Her hand is on his shoulder, her pretty eyes are looking up into his face. " What ails you, Clem darling, I feel sure -that you have some worry. Why not confide in your own Gerty ? You will never have a truer or more sympathetic friend than your wife." " There iv nothing the matter, Gerty. .I have told you a hundred times. What a nuisance it is to ask these foolish ques tions." She shook her head and pretended not to .see the irritability of manner by which these words were accompanied. "' You are deceiving me, you naughty darling. If nothing is worrying you, why are not you cheery and laughing, as youused to be f7,' " I suppose because I have responoibilities now which I had not then. pne cannot lways be a boy, my child. A sbod deal de pends on me now which I had not to think of a few months ago. You forget that I am a .staid Benediakt.' She turned from him,with a pout. " Thbatis just it; you are sorry you married Se, and you never cease regreting it." What could he say? How answer this unexpected outburst. Was it not the truth 7 His answer somewhat astonished her, it seemed to come so really from his heart. ' Gerty, never, neversay that again. Un less you wish to make me too horribly un happy, never upbraid me by saying I regret the day I married yon." And yet, did he not regret it more and more, each hour he lived ? Ay, regretted it the more intensely because he was learn ing to love, after a fashion, this dainty, bewitching little Gertrude, who loved him so well. She was not the passionate desire of his heart, as had been Lisbeth, nor could he ever feel that ardent longing for any other woman; still, he loved sweet Gertrude. And by the strange anomalous crooked ness of his nature it was Lisbeth not Ger trude whom he had of late begun to regard as the intruder. If the truth ever came out, he wduld lose Gertrude-there lay his fear. He could trust Lisbeth. ay, to the death; then why need he quake? Yet it would be better if she were dead-she and her child, whose existence wso such a reproach and re morse to him. Could he be a really happy man until they were both laid m their graves. Each day he was more and more impressed with the feeling that release from suffering would only come with their deaths, and yet there seemed no chance of either of them dying. They were both well and strong. He must bear his burden as lightly as he could, and make life as happy as possible for the dear confiding little wife who had trusted him eo ca p5..J.st that L. Ld ?-?><. questions about his past. It was therefore a terrible shock to him to discover that she fancied he regretted his marriage. He did not regret it; was not Lady Ger trude the woman in the right place, far more fitted to be chatelaine of Aboyne Court than the lowly Lisbeth? He could be perfectly happy and contented with his lot if fear and remorse, those twin demonesses, would not obtrude themselves so freely and render his life one long agony. And if Gertrude's voice were to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceaseless reminders, life would become utterly unbearable. Hence the sharp cry he uttered in answer to her suspiolons. She knew at once that she had wounded him, and tears of sorrow andrepentauce came into the eyes that gazed into his. "2My Clem, my beloved," she said, "for give me. It was mere foolishness that made me speak so. You have spoilt me until I have grown reckless of speech and taunted you with what I know does not exist. For give me-you will?" Her arms were about his neck and his head drawn down to her level, so that she could imprint a loving kiss on his lips, when the door opened and the burly butler an nounced " dir Pierce Vaughan." Always, as usual, on the wrong spot at the wrong moment, Pierce Vaughan walked in with the stereotyped Mephistophelean smile which usually irradiated his sinister counte nance. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To be caught spooning by Pierce Vaughan was another drop added to Clement's cup of bitters, while Lady Gertrude, who, owing to his assumed air of superiority was always a little bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under the conviction that he was laughing at her for being a little fool. So he was, but for a very different reason to any little Lady Gertrude would ever have guessed. He did not appear to have noticed anything unusual on his entrance, and held out his hand to the present owners of Aboyne Court with much apparent cordiality. " We have not seen you for some time, Pierce," said Sir Clement a little drearily. " Where are you staying P" " At Lady Marcia Foljambe'e. She is the only individual about here who ever invites me now Sir Louis is dead. "What a reproach," cried Lady Gertrude, "unmerited, too, for we have been away so much, and are scarcely settled here even now. Of course, you know you are as welcome now as you were in Sir Louis' time. Are you not Clement's cousin ?" She looked round at her husband expectinc him to endorse this almost gushing weloome, but she was disappointed by the very cool manner in which he said : "Very glad to see you, Pierce." He would not have said it at all if he had not been absolutely compelled, and no one knew this better than Pierce, although he smiled and showed his white teeth and to all outward appearance aecepted in all good faith, the very general invitation that had been given him. For a few minutes they all three talked cordially enough on topics of interest in con nection with their neighbors. Then, Lady Geztrade having rung for tea, Sir Clement rose when it came in and said, not being a tea-drinker he would leave Pierce to her tender mercies as he wished to gave his bailiff some orders before the men left off work. Had Sir Clement Donraven been a man who thought seriously before he acted, he would probably not have been weighted by the heavy load of trouble which now op pressed him, and very certainly it was not the least foolish thing he ever did when he left Pierce Vaughan alone with Lady Gertrude; not that Pierce had any idea of making love to her, although he had professed himself to be one of her suitors before marriage. He was far too careful a man to commit himself by a flirtation with another man's wife, but there are other ways of raining conjugal peace besides love-making. He had had a long walk and was rather tired,he remarked, and the lady having nothing to do but amuse and be amused, they settled themselves down for a good chat about everything and every body. What Pierce Vaughan said, he would pro bablynever have said if the opportunity had not been, as it were, made for him. He cer •tainly had had no intention of doing more than what he called " look up his relations" when he started for a visit to Aboyne Court. Clement Dunraven had given him one lead by going indiscreetly away; Lady Gertrude gave him a second by an unwary question. "Do .yon not thmnk Clement is very changed, and looks as if he had some terrible worry?" she asked as she handed him his second cup of tea. S"I have seen very little of him since his marriage," replied Mr Vaughan. "but 1 cannot help recognising the fact that he is changed." I "He says it is the responsibility of being a landlord that weighs upon him." "Oh! I should not have given Clement credit for having scruples." " What do you mean? All conscientious people must have scruples at times." " And you consider Clement to be very consoientious-conscience is not, as a rule, a highly-developed masculine quality." " Oh, Mr Vaughan! How can you talk so?" He laughed cynically. "Believe me, Lady Gertrude, we are all sad dogs, and I don't fancy Clem is any better than the rest of us. At any rate, he never used io be. What reformations you have brought about, of course, I am no judge of, but for the present I am not inclined to believe in them." Lady Gertrude looked very serious, and for a moment or twodid not speak; then she said: !'I wonder what you mean, and I wonder now what Clement meant when he told me on the evening that he asked me to be his wife, that he was not a man I ought to trust. And that if I did so, it was at my own risk." " Clement told you this ?" And Pierce Vaughan seemed exceedingly surprised, and momentarily startled out of his sang froid he unconsciously drew his chair a few paces nearer his hostess. " He did. But why doesitastonish you so much ?" " I didnot think- well, to tell the truth, I did not think he would have dared." "Notdare to tell me. You forget he was asking me to be his wife." " There are some episodes in a man's life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last person to be told of. I, for instance, should never have made any reference to Clement's past if he had not done so him self." "You know, then-know that there is something worrying 'Clement, and about which he will not be explicit?" " I can imagine that it may be so." "And you will tell me what it is, so that I may use all the means in my power to re move this annoyance ?" " You ?" "Do not say you in that tone. Mr Vaughan. Is it so very strange that I should wish to make my husband happy ?' "Impossible. It is quite impossible for you to do anything in this matter. Besides, unless Clement tells you the whole truth himself I will certainly not do so. I could not betray confidence." "I will ask him the first time I have an opportunity," she said natively, as though she fully expected that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. Pierce Vaughan smiled and wondered what sort o? an explanation her inquiries would call forth. Very certainly he himself could not have given a full one since he knew no more of Clement's affairs than that to which some suspicions pointed. It was therefore not only wise, but imperative that he should deal in innuendoes. " There was a letter once," went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to herself, " I would not read it ; it came the day before our marriage." "A letter!" And in spite of himself a blush spread over his usually pallid face. She did not notice, however. She was too much engrossed by the subject that was so near to her. " Yes, it was signed byawoman Iforget an anonymous well-wisher. I gave them to Clement and he burnt them both. You see I could not in honor accept any anonymous communication. Fancy setting such a low, cowardly warning in the dark against Clement's truth." "And he explained the matter P" "Of course. He said all men had had their youthful escapades; that he was no better or a orse than others. Just what you say yourself, Mr Vaughan, that it does not do for a wife to pry too closely. I am sure I am not curious, and if Clement did not look so unhappy and worried I should not ask a single question about his past. I do wish you would help me to put everything quite right for him." "I would do a great deal for yoen, Lady Gertrude, but in this matter I do not see how I can help you, You are evidently not aware that Clement, although he is my first cousin, entertains no friendly feeling towards me. Why, 1 cannot say, since we have been more or less brought up together, unless from the fact that I know more about his affairs than quite pleases him." "I am sure Clement would never dislike you for this, if you are good and kind to him," cried Lady Gertrude, warmly. Pierce Vaughan shrugged his shoulders. "There is, perhaps, another reason," he said, "why Clement does not especially affect me. You know the old lines, Forgiveness to the injured does belong But these ne'er pardon who have done the wrong." "And how does that apply to Clement 1" "If Clem had not undermined my position with my uncle, I should not be the pauper I am to-day." " Oh, Mr Vaughan, how unjust, Clementis incapable of doing such a thing. I have heard him several times express his regret that you had not a larger sum of money left you, and that he should like to make it up." ,' Mere words, dear Lady Gertrude. It is very likely that he would give money to me when he married you in order to get this place and the fortune. Sir Louis insisted on the marriage; if he had refused he would have been disinherited." Lady Gertrude became crimson, then deadly pale, so much so that Fierce got frightened and thought he had gone too far and hastily beganeating his words. "I don't say he did not care for you, dear Lady Gertrude; what man could do other wise--" "Enough, Mr Vaughan," cried Lady Ger trude, drawing herself up with dignity, "we have already tulked too much about Clement and his affairs." This wound to her self-pride reminded her keenly of her wifely duty. He forthwith accepted the dismissat of the subject. He knew as well as aie did that enough had been said to leave a far deeper wound than Lady Gertrude had any idea of; only one thing more he must do, he must take care of himself. He rose to take his leave; as she gave him her hand, he bent over it "I will never say anothler word about these matters," he said, "unless you begin the conversation, and I do hops you will make me one promise." " What is it ?" "Never to tell Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow farther dissension between us by giving him cause to dislike me. I seoke in confidence which I already regret, sicee I am striving my utmost to forgive Clement any injury he may have done me, and I do so wash that we may all be good friends-Yeou will promise?" "Ipromise, Mr Vaughan.. I would not make many mischief between you and Clement for all the world." He kissed the little hand he still held, and without further observation went away to stroll back across the fields to Lady Marois Foljambe's. For a long half hour after he left her Lady Gertrude sat very still and looked as whete and sared asifshehadseen a ghost. And so, indeed, she had, a ghost that would stalk Sby her side, nor leave her durin, the rest of her pilgrimage. Can there be a drearier or more cheerless I companion of our way than suspicion of one we love. One, too, that sticketh olosee, for neither by night nor day does the treacherons fear ever desert us. When Pierce Vaughan Introdnced this ever-stalking fiend into Lady Gertmrde's, until now, happy confiding life, was he not committing a moral murder that shbould be I subject as an aotual one to the utmmost rigor of the aw P Nor washe ny the happisr for his base innuendoes, to judge from his face and look as he sauntered slowly across the fields. ' He had sown the seed of dissersion that might bring Clement Dunraven's ruin, yet he scarcely felt the Satanic triumph he ex pected. It was rather a nauseous feeling of dread lest he himself should be caught in his own net, that pursued him and made him al most regret that he had been beguiled into this talk with Lady Gertrude. Then he roused himself with a strong effort and tried to rid himself of the oppressive fears, for was he not playing for a large stake ? Sir Louse Danraven's will was a strange one. No one knew its power and valuebetter than Pierce Vaughan, rich as he was in a lawyer-like acumen. The contents of the will had been, by Clement's desire, kept concealed from Lady Gertrude, or she would have known what she had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboyne Court and its concomitant fortune if he had not married the qnly daughter of the Earl of Melbury. The marriago had taken place and the disposal of the old baronet's fortune had been arranged-Sir Miles Berkeley being executor -with the family lawyer; what need was there for Pierce Vaughan to meddle ? He had merely left him £5,000 as a legacy, which Pierce regarded as a mere pittance, and made no further mention of his name. Like many another clever man, Sir Louis had considerably overshot his mark in this will. All his wisdom seemed to have gone forth in making honest Sir Miles Berkeley his executor; he did not seem to recognise that, as circumstances alter cases, the posi tions of the two cousins would change, and that bad blood, unless they were absolutely saints, must be the outcome of this testamen tary document. There wasyet another clause in the will, more perplexing and calculated to produce greater dif?culties than that of the enforced manriage: it was to the effect that, should Clement Dunraven at any time become divorced from Lady Gertrude, by any fault of his own, the estates were to pass away from him to his son and heir if lie had one, if not, to Pierce Vaughan as next of kin. Sir Louis Dunraven, with all his shrewd ness, had secarcelyptaken then the measure of his pet nephew, his sister's son, or he would scarcely have left such an instrument in the hands of a man as sordid and cunning as was Pierce Vaughan. Base and degenerate as had been Clement Dnnraven's not he was by nature not nearly so wicked a man as his cousin. Clement's vices were the result of weakness, he could not resist temptation, whereas the other had a splendid facility for conducting intrigue and, given a sufficient time for development, would probably not stop at crime. Up to the present moment, however, Clement had outwitted his clearer-headed cousin, for he was far from discovering the secret of what was really darkening the life of the present owner of Aboyne Court. About half a mile from the house the two men passed each other, only a hedge between them, but neither wished to speak. Pierce felt keenly alive to the mischief he had done his cousin during the last half hour, and Clement never cared to look Vaughan in the face. He was always afraid of how much he knew and to a certain extent gave him credit for guarding a silence, which he most assuredly .would not have maintained for ten minutes. Whether he felt assure about this silence when he reached home and found Lady Gertrude looking pale and somewhat red about her pretty eyes, is doubtful. But he could nit learn the cause of her depression. She would not give her new suspicion words; it was as yet too young to be altogether a tangible form; she must wait mad watch. Meantime she was tender and loving to her Clement. She would not be prejudiced against him simply on Pierce Vaughan's testi maony, for, womanlike, though when absent went forth to him and seemed to tell her that he was true. Still from that hour henceforth their re lations mustbe somewhat strained, and how ever much tenderness for each other might at times bubble up into their hearts, yet the ghost would never be laid. On the table in the library, near where Lady Gertrude eat, some letters had been placed by the footman; when he removed the tea. They were all addressed to Sir Clement, and one of them was in the hand writing of Lisbeth Glendinning. At first Sir Clement guiltily thought that this letter might have occasioned his wife's trouble, that she had recognised Beta's writing. He tore it open, angry with Lisbeth for sending to him thus openly, but having read the missive, his brow cleared, and he tossed it to Lady Gertrude I :To BE COcornNED.) 