Dnd» the Shadow of Crime V '.Oil ! / »' ' THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNMEN, Now Fibst Pudlioued. By JEAM MIDDLEMASS, Authorofa "Girl in a Thousand," " Scaled by u Kiss," "By Fuir Moans," " Touoli and Go," &o.; An Queensland Rights Resented. ' CHAPTER VII.— (Oontinyed.) : On tho table in the library, near where' Lady Gertrude sat, some letters had been plaoed by the footman, when ho removed the tea. They wore all addressed to Sir Clement, and one of them was in the handwriting of Lisbeth GHondinning. At first Sir Clement guiltily ' thought that this letter might have occasioned his wife's trouble, that she bad recognised Beta's writing. He tore it open, nngry with Lisbeth for : 'sending to him thus openly, but having' read the missive his brow cleared and. he tossed it to Lady Gertrudo ! Meantime she was tender and loving to her Oloment. She would not be pre judiced against him simply on Pierce Vaughun's testimony, for, womanlike, though when absent she bad almost be lieved him false, no sooner did she look into his face than her heart wont forth to liimandsuemed to tell her that he was truo. Still from that hour henceforth thoir relations must he somewhat strained, and, however muoh tenderness for each other might at times bubble up into their hearts yet the ghost would never he laid. CHAPTER Y1II. A Hoknex's Rest. It troubled Lisbeth not a little that she should so inopportunely have met Pieroo Vnughan. What might not the consequences he, if he should tell Clement that he had seen her ooraing out of a restaurant with Sir Miles Berkeley, and yet in truth there was not the sligheBt harm an what sho had been doing. She had only once spoken to Pierce Vaughnn — on the onsaaion he had called at the cottage in Coleshill, but she knew him very well by sight and like Lady Gertrude, she was a little bit afraid of him. Goodness knows they both had very good cause for fear, hut for a very different oause to any they uuBpeoted. They thought him eueering and hard, but failed to see that he was ako orafty and false. The usual cold nmilo deepened on his face when he found Lisbeth and Sir Miles so unexpectedly together. He was not likely to let such an opportunity escape of course. He stopped to speak to them though they would both gladly have avoided him. Sir Miles was quite as muoh annoyed as Lisbeth, since he had learnt to regard Pieroe Vaughan as a rival, and all being fair in love and war, thought it probable that a highly-coloured pieturo of this meeting would, in all probability, he painted for the edification of Miss Elvira Delane. . Stupid and sheepish as Sir Miles was always considered, he had takon Pierce Vaughan's measure muoh more accurately than had any of his female acquaintances. The reason, perhaps, was that Sir Miles, acting executor for Sir Louis Dunraven's will, had been brought into business rela tions with Yaughan and had thus had an opportunity of seoing the real man un masked. There was no time, however, for character analysis now, they must luce the situation us well us they could, and since Pierce Yaughan elected to stop and speak, they must seem well pleased to see him and be as muoh at their ease as possible. It was on Lisbeth that he bestowed the greatest amount of attention. , ' Ah, Miss Glendinning, I am so glad to have met you. I went to tho Cottago one day to inquire after you, but the bird had flown.' ' I left after grandfather died. I wanted a little change ; I am going back to-morrow or the next day, however,' said Lisbeth, colouring. And where are you staying in London ? I should like to call and tell you all the Coleshill news, though I have no doubt Sir Miles has forestalled mo.' 'Oh, far away from 'here, in a low slum, not fit for a gentleman,' said Lis beth, so auxioue to put him off coming that sho overdid her part. 'If it is good enough for you it is surely good enough for mo,' answered Yaughan, with intense politeness. Lisbeth wub thus driven into a corner, but Bhe stood at bay. ' Really, Mr. Yaughan, I would rather you did not call ; I am staying with an old oousin who is very fraotious and par ticular. She dislikes what she callB " followers ; " besides, I am leaving to morrow.' ' You have had oaough of her fractious- ness,' said Yaughan, laughing. ' Well, I shall look forward to seeing you at Coleshill ; I suppose I may call there ? ' ' If you wish, but I do not see why you should care to do so.' ' ' I should he muoh wanting in good taste did I not care. And why should you credit mo with less anxiety to be charmed by you than— my good friend Berkeley and— some others I could name were I not discreet.' Lisbeth'shandsomo face heoame orimBon as a glorious peony. She was only lowly born, but the ex ceeding had taste of Pierce Vaughan's allusions jarred upon her till she felt that she positively hated him. ' Good morning, Mr. Vaughan ; theless we meet in the future the better I shall be pleased,' sho said, drawing herself up With the dignity o£ un injured queen. ' , It was his turn to . stammer and redden when he bbw that he had overshot his mark, and that there was a beaming look of satisfaction on Sir Miles's honest face whioK ' riled ' him not a little. Honesty in this instance had triumphed over craft. Yet, was it . wise of either Sir Miles or Lisbeth to make a bitter enemy of, or establish open war with, Pieroe Yaughan. , In some respects perhaps they were right. An open enemy is less to he dreaded than afulso friend ; but PierwW, was not a man who Would readily acknoWwfe ledgo himself to be an enemy. It wnUT- far more of his nature to gloss over a.,-/1, seeming .slight , and profess friendship!; where he felt utter hatred, so that he might have the chance of stabbing unawares. He had of course sufficient taot to soo fe that it was no longer desirable tlmt ho should thrust his society on Lisbeth.; ho therefore made a feint of retiring graoe- fully, though it was his intention to play dotectivo and find out as much about -her affairs as he could. He went' into a shop in tho immodinto neighbourhood of Oxford Circus and 'lingered- about, until ho saw. . Sill Miles put Lisbeth into an omnibus hound city wards and then walk off in a different direction. ' As soon as he was fairly out of sight Mr. Yaughan hailed a hansom and told the cabman to keep that particular omni bus so in sight that he could see who got out, promising him a sovereign if he did his work nptly: and efficaciously. It was a long, tiresome drive, and once, or twice . Pierce must assuredly havo been observed, had not Lisbeth been, as she frequently was, in a brown study. The events of the day had orowdod so thiokly upon her that she was striving to sort and arrange them, in order if possible to make her future plans, She doubted the wisdom of leaving Lisa and Mrs. Ellis, yet where would the babe ho so loved and cared for, if it was, in ohedienco to Clement's wishes, .to he parted from her. Clement had said that there was Bome- ono to be feared, could he mean Pierce Yuughan ? The meeting of to-day made her horribly, afraid that he did mean so. "When tho moment arrived for her to alight from the omnibus, she got out with out having the faintest notion of Pierca Vaughan's vicinity. Ho toBsed the promised' sovereign to<tha icahbv and alighted to follow hot. ' This was not difficult as sho walked on briskly without once looking round. Ho saw her enter Mr. Ellis's humblo abode by moans of. a latchkey, and then he strolled away, finally taking another hansom and driving to his rooms in the Temple. Ho had loarnt all he wanted to know for ono day. His information had cost him a sovereign.; was it worth it? He thought so since he expected he would thuB be able to ascertain what Lisbeth had been doing in London. ' Occa sion,' however, we are told, 'turneth a bald noddle when it presents its looks and no hold is taken.' Pieroo Vaughan found other matters to engross his attention for awhile, thus he missed his occasion and the question was, when would he find it again. Lisbeth went into the front parlour which was Mrs. Ellis's sanctum, but except little Lisa, who was sleeping happily in her cradle, there was no one there. Before she called out to Mrs. Ellis she stooped to fondle her child and shod two or three scolding tears on its brow at the thought that they were so soon to he parted. This half-awoke the baby who began to -whimper. While she was sooth ing it fcack to sleep she thought she heard a. strange gurgling sound proceed ing from the inner room. She went in at once, tho baby in her arms, to find Mrs. Ellis lying on the floor. She had apparently had a fit, and seemed to hs dying. Lisbeth tossed the child on to the bed, ran for some water, and tried to rouse her. Bat in vain ; the gurgle she had heard was the last symptom of life; it was now extinct. She oalled loudly for assistance, and the lodgers cause flooking in, but to stand wringing their hands in. dismay was all they could do. The first shock over, everyone wondered what would follow. The mistress of the house was dead, and as far as they knew there was no heir. Could it. be possible that Lisbeth Glen dinning, the cousin of whom no one had heard a few months back, would take possession of the hcuso and its inmates ? But Lisboth felt no right of proprietor ship, nor had she any intontion of assert ing any. She was not sure that Mrs. Ellis had not a son out in some foreign land, of whom she never spoke, anyway she was fully aware that she had a brother sinco she had talked about him.more than, onoe during Lisbeth's visit. She took it upon herself, however, to order the fnneral, and for that she felt it was her duty to remain at whatever cost. That event over, she in tended to go quietly away, saying nothing to anyone and as far as possible leaving no trace behind her. So engrossed was sho with the longing to get away, that this absorbed and orushed down overy other thought and made her regret, over tho death of the cousin who had befriended her when she was in trouble, very muoh less than it would otherwise have been. In fact she appeared so callous and indifferent to tho sad event whioh had so suddenly oast tho whole houB9 into mourning, that evil tongues began to wag, and nasty, little, unpleasant questions were being asked, as to whether Mrs. Ellis's death had occurred entirely by natural causes, and whether this unknown Lisbeth Ellis— as she was called ' here — had not a very strong reason for being glad she was out of the world. By tho time the day of the funeral had arrived the talk had grown so much more daring that if Pierce Yaughan had ohanced to look in, there is no doubt hut that he would have heard things he little expected about Lisbeth, though in reality no one could have refuted any oharge brought against her in this matter more easily than Piorco Yaughan himself, sinoe he looked, at his watoh as ho walked down tho City, road, and the inmates of the house well knew the hour at which Mrs, Ellis died. The inmateB all felt certain that she was going totake possession of them and of the house, and several of them resolved to give notice they would not stay under her dictatorship. The place was in a condition of positive mutiny, the only person ignorant of what was going on was, as usual, the person most-concerned, Lisbeth herself. She looked too as innocent as sho was ignorant, whioh provoked those who wero taking sides against her not a little. to be continued on mondat. 