LOCAL AND DISTRICT. Moss Vale Eleoteio Liaur Co We are pleased to learn that tho Commercial Banking Co. have determined to illuminate their M033 Vale branch through out \Tith the olcctrio light, and at tho request of Mr. E. E. Rovt (mannjor) the company havo ar ranged to run the machinery during tho ivholo of the night, ao that tho l^ght will ahvayo bo available during tho honro of darkness. This io not only a concession to tho prcsimt consumers, but will bo most acceptable and o great convenience to all pri rnto boutioholdoro who havo tho light already installed, and will doubtless bo a qrcat inccntivo to othera to procuro tho capply. Aftor como months trial wo havo (personally) found tho light most satisfactory, and ifthoE.L. Co. could coo tbeir way clenr to leave it optional ?nith consumers whether to pay tho recently reduced charge for installation, or to pay a email fixed nnnnal rental on tho nectary fitting, thoro can 1)3 no doubt bat that 0 largo number of additional consumcro could bo cecured. Electricity ao regards lighting has, and ia now making oucb rapid strides, there can bo no doubt Shat it must ovcntually mipwccdo gas for lighting purposes. 'Wo arc of opinion, which opinion io confirmed by tho action 01 many of tho principal towns in England that tho lighting should bo in tho hondo of tho Municipal authorities. Our council is now paying o lirgo annual sum for a vsry limited number of lights. Properly controlled and with good management, tho council could oupply priv&to; consumers, say threc.fourtho of tho ratepayers, at a much decreased prico. and inoreaso ?tho otrcct lamps threefold at no increase of tho present lighting rate. At an early dato tho counoil will ba takintr ovor tlio wator supply— Could not tho Eloctrio Light oupply bo amalgamated with it, and tho wholo worttcd from tho Water Supply station, nnd thereby materially cconomico tho coat of labor and fuo). This question io ono of tho greatest importance to both storekeepers aud resident;, as it muot bo admitted that n woll lighted tewn .encourages visitors. ; Wo; would suggest tho desirability of requisitioning tho Miyor to call a publio meeting so that tho matter could bo ventilated. All must admit thai comothing should bo dono, ns tho present street lighting is in adequate. Hero is a clianco for; gold fco Gold at sicken. Mr. J, Nolcpn, atoio. Jauderoo. keeper, of Jamberoo, has received a letter from Mr. E. Cornish, of Sydnoy, of which tho following io a copy Me poultry rcccntlv consigned to, inel I sold ono man a pair of duckc, and I10 caijio to me in a Btnto of great excitement, wantiufj .tb.Jt^ow where they catno from an ho bad found gold in ono of tho duek'o gizard. He showed mo the cold (about ten or twelve small flakcy pieces). Ho is under tho impression that there is lots of gold in tho oreek whoro thu ducts hove been. I givo you this information if it should bo of any valuo to you.' Wc understand tho ducks came from a farm near Cnrramore.Jamberoo, If the 'qnnckero' are not already at a premium around Curramoro wo would dfisti Mr- Nolson to do a little speculating. . . A four days ago an aoro of land, Moss Vale v. with weatherboard cottago and BownAL. Improvements thereon, situ ated fivo ininutcs walk from Bowral Station, was sold for £85, while threo times that aom was realized for 1J aoro, with bark hut only, nicuatcd ten minutos walk from Moss Valo Station— comment is needless, Tho usual fortnightly mcoting Oddfellowsiiip. of tho Oddfollowa' Lodgo waa held in tho local hall on Wed nesday ovoning lost. Thero wao a fair attondanco present. Bro. G. Leo, W.G., occupied tho chair. Sick pay was granted to ono member, four members initiated, and threo others proposed. Contributions for tho ovoning amounted to £9 18s Cd. After the lodgo was closed in duo form a aubcommittee meet ing wao held to alter tho oxieting by- laws nnd draft thoir report which will bo presented at tho next summoned mooting of tho lodgo to bo hold on tho 27th June. j 1 With deep regret wo havo to Obituary. announcp tho death of Mio3 Ellen JElickcv. which tnok nlaca ? A tennis match wao played at Robeiitson. Robertson on Wednesday after noon between Robertson and Knngaloon Clnb3, tho former winning by 44 pomes to 33 games. Scores : Ferguson nndMedlicott v Brenningand Smith 6 — 1 Misses Hindmarsh v Misse3 Woir and Smith 5—0 Dr Nash and Litchfield v Smith and Smith... 6—2 Mrs. Ferguson and Miss Graham v Misses Woirand Smith ? ? ... ...6—4 Ferguson and Medlieott v Smith andKoyo ... 6 — 3 Dr Nash end Litchfiold v Brenning and Smith 3—6 Mioses Hindmarsh v Misses Weir ? 6 — 4 Mrs. Forguson nnd Mies Graham v Misses Weir and Smith ? ... 0 — 1 Dr. Nash and Litchfield v Koysond Smith ... G — G 44 33 Tho monthly meeting of tho School of Arts com. mittco waa hold on Wednesday evening. Present — Dr. Nash (President), Messrs. R, G. Ferguson, W. White, J. Curtis, E. 'E. Modlicott, F. A. Holl, W. B. Kccble, H. Litchfield, and Geo. Whito (ccc.) Accounts amounting to £2 13s wcro passed for payment- , A letter was read from Mr. Keelilo asking por miesion for tho school children to practico the arbour day cantata and othor pieces under tho supervision of Mrs. Thompson and Mictf B. Graham, aud tho uso of tho hall for tho concert on the 27th July. — Granted. Mr. J. Vilca, cccrctary of tho Moss Valo School of Arts, -7rote that his institution had no books for sale. Tho President reported that ho had interviewed Mr. J. 3. Armstrong, nnd ho was willing to undcrtako tho duties of scoretary, caretaker, and librarian. It was resolved on tho motion of Messrs. Litchfield and Fan;ucon that ho bo accoptcd. Me. Litchfield moved, escondcdby Mr. Kcoblo, that tandcra bo cnllcd for kalcomining tho wholo of tho main building. Tlio auditors presented tho accounts to tho 30th May, which shows tho overdraft of £25 3s Dd, \\\ra aro not inolined as a rulo to A Ghost Siop.y. publish ghost stories, but tho following veriGcd statement of Williams Thomas, of Robertson, wo givo as stated to us r— ' I, Williara ThomaD. of Wingecarribce Swamp, was returning homo from my work of filling timber about ono hour after ounset on tho thirteenth of May, 1894. When within half a mile of a hut nnd in the ceutro of tho track, I caw a whito luminous figure of a man. I was co terrified nt tlio unearthly nppearanco that my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, and I stood for some minutes paralysed. Tho figure bcckoncd mo to follow. I could not resist, in spito of myself.. I followed it to tho mouth of a cavo not for diut.mt. Hero tho unearthly figure stopped, ami 1 found courage enough to Bi\y ' speak — and in a deep copulchral voice that echoed, and scorned to re echo again, tho ghost upokc, and said — ' Buy all your groceries and household requirements from Taylor Brothers, the Universal Proriders of Moss Vale, at bed-rock prioos.' Ho tbea vanished into 'bin air. I have not forgotten his ndvico, whfoli I Ims been of muoh benefit to too,' I at her parent's residence on Thursday Inst. Tho deceased young lady, co woll- known to a largo circlo of friondo for hor cheery nnd nmiablo disposition, wns just vorging into womanhood, and lias passed away ot tho early aqo of 19J years. Much sympathy is oxpresssd for tho borcaved parcnto who for many yearn havo been resident in Moes Valo, . Hor father, Mr. Gcorgo Hiokoy, ia well- known throughout the wholo of tho district no being conncoted with tho Roads Department. Tho fanoral will leave Yarrawa-road at two o'clock to-day Saturday for tho R.C. cemetery nt Sutton Forest. Rev, Father Calaohoi;, who has Berqiua. been only n chorfc timo in tho district, is about to Icavo Berrima, tho otato of his health not being ouch as will permit him romaining, .the olimato this winter | being too ccvoro for his constitution. Tho Rev. Father Prcndogast has been pormauently appointed by his Emlncnco Cardinal Moran to tho chargo of tho Borrima parioh. — During tho pant wcoli tho children attending St. Josoph's Convent School havo been examined by Father Dunne, of Cimpbelltown (tho osamincr for tho district), Tho r-isnlt of tho inopectfon was very satisfactory, and a favourable roport ia anticipated, Tho matron reporta C3 follows B.D. Hospital for tho month ending 31st May -. Number in hospital at end of last month 1, number admitted 3, discharged curcd 1, d^sd 1, remaining in hospital 2. Tho discovery io reported of a Rich Dioooveiiy. rich lode of copper pyrites on tho Shoalhaven, near Bungonia, Tho lodo in Sit. wide, and ncsoyed 16 por cont. of metallio copper, 16dwt. 8gr, of fjold, and 7Joz. of silver per ton. Tho property in in tho hands of a local syndicate, ? Tho discovery was made nt a dopth of 4ufi, We learn that tho manager of Marolan. tlio Fresh Food and Ico Com pany will visit Mnrulnn on Monday next, 4th June, with tho view of laying beforo tho residents business terms for crecting branch Creameries at Big Hill, Greenwich Park, and Bungonia, with tho central crcamory at Maru lan. ' Thoso desirous of eliciting information ubould arrive in Mnrulnn not later than 11 a.m., at which hour tho manngor, Mr. Patorcon, will deliver a short address. Aa parts of tho district aro essen tially suitable for dairying a representative gather ing should bo present. Wo understand that tho meeting cannot be postponed ovon if tho weather be avorso. Mr. T. Roso will accompany Mr. Pator On Tuesday Mr. Harold O'Brien, coronor, hold n magisterial inquiry at tho residenco of Mr. Edward Tickner, Stoney_ Creek, touching tiio cause of death of Ethel May Tickuer, who died on Monday from the effects of burns. Elizabeth Ann Ticknor, wife of James Tickner, Jorrnra Creek, labourer, deposed tint oho was tho mother of the deseased, who was born at Sholly'o Flats, near Goulburn, ond wao four years and 24 days old ; olio know nothing o* how decoased came to bo burned j about a quarter to 11 a.m. on Monday witness oaw dccessed'o littlo brothor, five and a-1iaif yearn of ago, leading 'her towards homo ; witness noticed tho children had lit a firo out of sight of tho bouso ; witness beard tho youngest child, two years of age, crying and calling her, but did not think anything was wrong, but when sho caw tho brother leading hor home oho caw thero was something wrong and rnn to hor ; oho found nil hor clothes woro burned off oxcept tbo band of her dress; she covered hor up ond carried hor into tho houso and put lior to bed j then deceased v/ao brotipht from witness's placo to this; after witness had dressed her woundo with Household Remedy a doctor was sent for from Goulburn, and ho wao on hio way and had como eicht miles when ho was stopped, no sho had then died. She died about four o'clock Mon day afternoon ; oho was conscious up to an hour beforo hor death ; oho told witness, ' Mother, I got burned, I'll nover go near tlio firo again;' neither of tho children could tell witness how hor clothes got alight, but her brothel said tho fire blazed up and no pulled como sticks off and when ho looked round sho was on fire, that sho thon fell down, and ho beat tho firo out ; ho was fivo and a-half years old. Tho Coronor found that tho dcca»cd died from Bhook to the system caused by being accidentally burned by fire. On Thursday lost, a wedding Marriage. took placo at the icsic'cneo of Mr. Thomas Waito. Mittagong. Tho contracting parties being our much esteemed townsman, Mr. Gcorgo Tato, non,, J.P, and Mary the second danghtor of Mr. Thomas Waito, son. The Rov. Mr. Williams was tho officiating minister, Tho return match botween the Football. Robertson and M033 Valo Clnts takes place on tho former's ground this (Saturday) nftornoon. Tho following will represent Moss Vnlo : — Farthing (3), Flcoton, Ho aro, Lackey, Bousfield, Cnllcn (2). Hornby, McQarry, Croaker, Wight, Shaw, Salmon (2), Thornton (2), Johnston, nnd Carroll. Tho coach leaves tho railway bridgo at 1.30 sharp. Tho ladies of Berry, with Mrs. Social. Evving as secretary, gavo o most enjoyable danco in tho School of Arts hall on Friday ovoning Inst. Thoro wcro some 100 ladies and gentlemen present, including visitors from Nowro, Kangaroo Valley, Geningong, ICiama, Wollongong, nnd Sydnoy. All arrangements for tho affair wero ' oxcollcnt, tno danco proving tho most successful given in tho dis trict for years past. 