AMUSEMENTS. The last nights of the Christmas pantomime "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves" are an-<*> nounced. The Theatre Royal was well filled on Tuesday evening when the Lilip[?]ian Company repeated their performance, which was excellent in every way. The new vocai numbers and dances introduced on tbe previous evening enhanced the success of the panto mime. Miss Marian Mitchell, who wa? in excellent voice, was beard to the greatest ad vantage in her rendering of *' Poor wandering one," "After the ball," and the lullaby from "Enninie," the clever little lady being awarded with rounds of cheer*. The panto mime will be repeated this evening, and on Saturday afternoon next a matinee per formance will take place in response to many requests. Children will be admitted to all parts of the theatre at half price. The Bijou Theatre received a fair share of patronage on Tuesday evening, when the sen sational drama "Snared" was repeated by Mr. J. P. O'Neill and his dramatic company. Mr. O'Neill tickled the risibilities ot the audience in the character of Konah McCarthy, bis rich brogue and qnaint sayings sending die audience home in good hnmor. The other performers did their best in the .more serious parts. The drama will be repeated this evening. A special programme is to be given at the Continentals to-night, which should draw a crowded attendance. Mies Ida Osborne, who is a great favorite here, is to make her farewell appearance, and will sing Jtoeckel's "En chanted ground" and Bcaga's "JjaSeranata,", the latter -with a bassoon obligate by Mr. Phil Langdale. Mr. Langdale will also oon-1 tribute the clever compositions "Lucy Long" and "Poor Mary Ann." The musical effects produced upon his bassoon are most amusing, and it ia stated that the instrument in his hands can justly be termed the " clown of the orchestra." Mr. Langdale comes here with a high reputation, ha vine performed at Backing ham Palace, St. James's, and the Albert Hall, London, in Italian opera, at Covent Garden concerts and other leading entertainments.; Mr. Fred. Smith, the tenor, will eing " The Garonne" and "The Bailor's grave." The Eastern Suburban Band will provide evopllent promenade music Mr. A. L. Canard, in conjunction with his wife; and family, will leave Adelaide to morrow for a tour through the south eastern districts. Madame Canard is well known as a vocalist of no mean powers, while her abilities as a banjoisti or as a guitar player have met with due recognition in Adelaide, i Mr. Cunard is also an able instrumentalist," and his two children recently prerformed at the Bijon Theatre with distinct success. The Cyclorama is one of the most interest ing exhibitions in the city, and the additional attractions of the lectures, musical and mechanical effects, and the illusion of Napoleon's ghost help to increase the atten dance. Last night the production of the illusion was one of the most successful since its introduction. We notice by the Cape papers that Wirtb'e Circus was having a successful season at Cape Town in the early part of Deoember. The Australian show was afterwards going on to Johannesburg, the centre of the great gold district. j 