ROYAL BANSHEES. Ai/niouair tho kanshco is suppoecd to bo pooulhtr to Iroland, nearly every country possesses one, which is almost invariably accepted as a death omeu. In Ireland, that most suporstitious of countries, ovciy old family usod to liavo its banshee, whoso appearance betokened death to ono of them. Tho Royal House ot Germany has a bnn- sheo known us "The-- White Lady of Hohenzollorn," which has been seen quite recently. The Teutonic pooplo aro, in some respects, as vividly imaginative as the' Irish, Tho origin of tho White Lady wus this : — An the old German mythology tlioro wus a goddess Freia-Bortlia-Holdu, who was popularly represented as tho mother of life and death. Bho was said to bo wonderfully beautiful, and was always dressod in duzzling white robes, so bright, in faot, that the logoud declared that whoovor saw her was stricken blind or died on the spot-. _ Evory noblo or Koynl family in the ohlen timos trnoad its origin baok to tlio gods, so the mystorlous white goddess was supposed to ho tho mother of oil the noble houses of Germany, and her appcaranoe in one of tlio families was taken as a warning that somo momber of it was about to dio. This story iu time dlod oub, as storios will, and other accounts of lier appearance wore invented. The Bonapnrteu have had a White Lady for years. Tho first mention of her appear-- mice wns while tho son of Jeromo Nnpoloon, the Frinoo of Wontforb, was staying with his unole. tho Ring of Wurtemberer. Ono night, floating a great commotion outside his room, he went out to ask the cause, and wns told by the frightonod ser vants that theWhiteLady had passed along the corridor and knookect at his door. He laughed nt tho story, and went back to bod. The next morning he wns tolling his uncle about it, whon tho King began to urge him to go bnck to Switzerland, whore his mother was. Very reluctantly lie went, as he knew she was only suffering from a cold, but ho reached Lausanne only just in time to eee her before she died,- The Bourbons hnd a family ghost known ns the lied linn of tho Tuiloriee. The spootro generally mitde Ills appcaranoe dur ing a battle, and botokened aonbh to ono of the Royal family or some terrible slaughter. The house of Romanoff is provided with a spirit in the form >of a glgnntio Cossaok soldier, dressed in black. Tlio last appear- anco of this dark gentleman wus on Alnroli 12th, 1881, the any - boforo the. Ozarwas killed by the Nihilist bomb. Tho houso of Hapsburg has a spootro, and one is said to haunt the palace of the Escurial in Spain. Oure seoms to bo tho only important country without a Roynl ghost, and if tlioro happone to be any able-bodied spirit out of work at present ho cannot do better than apply at Windsor or Balmoral. 