DUBBO ITEMS. Dubbo, Wednesday. The weather ia threatening to-day, and we are likely to have a storm to night. Influenza is very prevalent here still, and a great many serious cases have been reported lately. Last night the Victor Social Club'a fancy dress ball was a huge success. About fifty-five couples attended, a largo ' percentage of them being in costumes of rl 1 fFoVrtn f A » 1 A ? t Miss Maude Twiss looked perfection. Miss Baker, as 'Queen of Hearts,' was greatly admired. Miss L. Edwards was nicely dressed as ' Nancy Lee.' Miss - Delaney also looked well as a ' Red Cross Nurse.' Miss Dolly Tuck as a ' Gipsy' looked charming. Miss Trow den was well made up and went as 4 Sunlight.' Miss A. Howard coming next as ' Night.' Miss Muaday ap peared as a female ' Jockey' ; Miss McElligott as ' The Colleen Bawn' ; Miss Moor aB an ' Hospital Nurse,' also looked very nice. Miss Reimer, as ' Spring,' wore a pretty costume, and there were several others whose names I could not got. Amongst the gentlemen Mr. P. O'Meara in a Spanish costume looked immense ; Mr. Harry Sullivan, ss tho ' Count de Breton,' and Mr. M. Murray as ' King Charles ' were, perhaps, tho most extraordinary male costumes in the room ; Mr. J. Hutchen, as ' Nana Sahib,' looked fierce, as also did Mr. Tom Cronin as a ' Zulu Chief ' ; Mr. Fred Baker was well got up in a sailor cos tume, and divided honors with Mr, J, Wallace in the same character ; Mr. W. Irving looked up to the mark as ' Con The Shraughaun ' ; Mr. J. C. Roth reminded one of Sell's Circus in his get up as. a clown ; Mr. P. Kennedy, as ' Buffalo Bill,' looked like a picture on the back of a Deadwood Dick volume ; Mr. Binstead, as an officer in the British Navy looked well and danced well ; Mr. C. Wallings, as a stockman, was got up to life, and Nr. E. Wallings, as a major, suited the character ; Mr. Chapman as a jockey, Mr. D. Wells as a ' Corner ' man are as many as I can remember. I did not see anyone in the character of the ' Coalbaggie Ghost.' Anyway, it was one of the nicest affairs of its kind ' held in Dubbo, and the Secretary deserves every credit for the manner in which it was worked up. The Aloysian society reproduce the Silyer King to-night for the benefit of the Secretary, when a large house is expected. - 