A SOUBRETTE'S EX- PER1EICES. In the Rritish Islands. Barn Storming in the Provinces. A Record In Small Kousos-One Man with a. Wooden Lor— Ho Paid his Slxponce, and Must Soo tho Play — An Extremoly Ap preciative Audience. Boxes t >.m ... 2 chickens Ureas Circle ... ... I chicken Orchestra Stalls ... 1 doz, eggs and 1 peck potatoes Fit ... ' — - - ... 1 doz. eggs Gullery ... ...Alb of. bacon This, slightly varied, may be accounted the sosle of admission fees to a travelling theatrical perforraanco in what is gene rally known as tho " smalls " of Ireland. Not only little bare-footed boys and girls, but grizzly-headed, hard-featured mon aud women, uot being able to got tho money to pay for a seat, will bring their produce to the box office rather thau miss tuo " play," and the strolling artist is sometimes glad to vaiy his bill of larc iu this tnauDcr, Many of them, I have beard, find fiiberlB, which grow pro fusely on the hedges iu Irclaud, rather monotonous after living on tbom for a few days. One of tho worst theatrical towns, from a financial point of visw, that I ever visited was Warrington, England. The, theatre had bscu a chapel, and theatre- goers did not take kindly to the alteration, which, by the way, was by no means uncommon iu England a few years ago. When a church waB deserted oa account of its dilapidated condition sumo enterprising matt would buy it cheap aud turu it into u MlC&trn; fflVlil. Thin wn<i thn nn«n wirlt Warrington, and wo "mummers" took quite seriously tho toiling of the church boll to ring the curtain up and down, although it was upi to strike a stranger as being slightly ludicrous. Tho small audiences in Warrington wero proverbial, bat on one of our visits WE BROKE TIIB RECORD. Until that week the smallost returns had been Is 8d, two tnen in tho pit and a boy in tbo gallery, but we came away the cham pions. It was a warm, damp summer night, aud tho doors opeued as usual ut 7.30; quarter to 8 came, aud not a soul was in the house. Wo all hung about tho stage half made ap, feeling pretty cortain that we should not play that night, but holding our selves ready in caso some people should come in at tho last moment. Great was the excitement whon, at a few minutes past 8, one mau came in. Wo all went and had a look at him through the "peep hole," without which no theatrical curtain weald be complete. At a quarter past 8 the resident manager came around to ask our manager if ho thought it advisable to play to fid. After a short debate on how much they would maka on Buch terms (they shared 50 percent.) they decided to givo the man his money back, but the man would not take it. "No," said lie, "I paid my six pence to see a play, and I'm going to see it." .And he did. We worked conscien tiously through the four acta of "Called Back," and Iinust say I never played before a more appreciative audience than that ono man. lie was liberal with his applause, which wo individually acknowledged in a most dignified manner, and took "cur- taius " at tlie cud . of every act. This was the only time that I ever played before an itudieiiee of oue man, and, by the way, he had a wooden leg. 1 had a slight experience of the inan-trap3 sot for novices at the beginning of tr.y professional career. A ilorid advertise ment in the " Stage ' cayght my eye. '""Apply personally." I took extreme pains iu udoruiug myself boiore pre senting myself as "a young lady dosirous of onteriug the profession." It struck mo ou tny arrival at the address giveu, that the place was slightly unsavory, but "such divinity doth hedge a manager" that I dis missed the thought aB almost sacrilegious. I know him now to bo a fraud of the first water, but" I. would not then admit even the self-evident fact that he was dirty,. , His proposal waa to give me a. short course of tuition, then hire a hall and give n performance to sae what I could do. He did more. Ho showed me what ha could do hitnself. He hired a hall ; I paid for' it. He nrderod printing ; I paid for that. Ho engaged my support, his wife, son, daughter aud brother; I paid them. We had u full house on the evening of the performance, but on settling up lie proved tne to be his debtor to the amount of £3 153. I don't know to this day how lie worked it. A year later I was oa the road, undho wroio to me requesting the loan of £10. I seat the letter to my solicitor with a statement of my experience. . I don't know what the shrowd old lawyordid, bnttho rascal shortly after wrote to my manager warning him to he careful what ha did, " for. I would as soon put a man in gaol as. look at him." . 'The people of smaller towns in Lan cashire, Yorkshiro and Durham have a most rapacious uppotite for murders in their amusements. Even a farce will not satisfy them unless it has at leapt one corpso in it. Our character old man was quito a genius at drama building, and any criminal case that CREATED a SENSATION he would write up for Saturday night, and when thero was no sensation to work up in the newspapers wo would alwuys put up the good old melodrama of " Sweeny Todd." American fin dc sioclc audiences don't know what they have missed iu the shelving of that thrilling drama, dear to the hearts of all tho "palmy day" actors. We used to havo 17 murders in it, and, not content with that, used to bring tho 17 ghosts on to gloat when retribution at last overtook tho sanguinary barber. We did not raise the 17 ghosts in the company, in fact we never could raise oue that couid walk, but wo could always get a dozen or so of well grown boys who would go on for tho fun of the thing, and their ghostly wardrobe was supplied from their respective stock of housohold linoo. "Sweeny Todd" may ho unknown out side England, so a lew words about hiin may be of interest. He was a barber of Fleut- Btrcot, London, whuse customers wouid occasionally disappear in a most mys terious manuor. Next door a lady kopt a pic stup, and was justly celebrated lor ber savory pork picB. Sweeny had a trick chair, which tilted back aud de posited his victim— genural y a mellow, well- clovclopod gentleman of middle life — into tho cellar, which communicated with the bakohouso of the pie shop, hence the pork pics. This, and the discovery and punish ment of tho barber and the pie lady, waa the plot of the piece, and it never failed to draw a good house, Huncom Thoatre ussd to be the horror of the travelling actor, especially in tho rainy seasons. 1 have more than ones played to an audience sitting under umbrellas. The uuforlunule actor could not protect himsolf like this, and was kept busy dodging the numerous water spouts. It was pitiful to watch the leading luily care fully pick tho drieBt spot on th<« stage to work up hor eecne in, and the un disguised dismay whon in her artistic fervor she forgot the leaky roof and caught a splush of cold water down her back. A well-known actor and author with whom I travelled in England ie Mr. Mark Mclford. Ilia talent in as undoubted as his peculiarities, His pieces, " ijecrcts of the Balicc," "Hidden Terror," "Flyinp from Justice," "Turned Up" anc his latest, " Tho Maelstrom," are well known in American theatrical circles. _ He has a groat love for birds of the raven, jackdaw and magpie tribo and is never known to travel without 20 or 30 of these weird sable pots in large wicker cages. His house literally swarms with these birds ail flying about at perfect liberty. A stranger visiting tho " Jackdaw's Nest," as Mr. Melford calls his home, is generally a littlo neivous, for these goblin-like birds aro' very curious and not at all aliy. Thore is a cornor in tho garden of the " Jackdaw's Nest " that Mr. Melford calls the "graveyard." Thero ho buries his un successful productions, but if lie looks for a joyful resurrection ho is doomed to dis appointment, for an outerprising young member of the family digs thein up and sells them to managers, who ore glad to possess even failuros that proceed from the powerful brain of Mark Mclford. Wo were taking an all-night journey from the south of England to the north, and Mr. Mclford bad AN URGENT Ari'OINTM ENT immediately upon his arrival. At 9 a.m. we arrived in Birmingham, and he discovered that his shirt and collar wero decidedly the worso for tho journey ? What could lie do? It tvasoasy ouougli to get to his trunk in the bag- gago van, but thero were two ladies iu the carriago with hitn. But Mr. Mclford, novur at a loss, hurriedly scrambled for bis shirt, and, whilo ono of his foiiow-travellers re- locked and strapped his trunk, Mr. Melford stood on the platform in the tniddlo of a curious if not an admiring audience and changed his shirt, re- entering tho train in all the dignity of stiff and spotloss linco. "Tho Two Andys," otherwise Andrew Melville, senior and junior, arc tho managers of several provincial theatres of good stand ing, ail of which wo visited, and are fami liarly known as " Old uud Young Andy" respectively. Wc wero playing in tho Theatre Royal, Derby, one Easter week and had a mitiuoe on Monday. " Young Andy " was tiio mansgcr, aud economy beiug his strong point, ho always refused to darken tho house for a morning performance, with the object of saviug the gas. Wo were ploying " Monte Criato," and our manager rofused to play on a stago with the sunlight atruaming down on him, Andy, who was in Bir mingham, was teiophoned to this effect. His answor was characteristic : " What on earth can tho man want more titan God Almighty's own limo light ?" When I was in'lrcland I was the proud possessor of a very uncommon pet, a baby aotiKey. tve caned turn Diogenes, bccau-e whon wo Baw him first hs woe standing in a barrel. He measured about 17in. around iiie waist. He was devotedly attached to me and followed mo everywhere, to tho groat dismay oi the storekeepers aud the delight of the street boys. He would forco his way into the dining-room and ait by my Bide during the meal, alternately licking my plate and my cheek with his enormous tongue. I was going homo when we left Ireland, and I dated not tako him thore, so 1 gave him away. The last thing I saw on the wharf as I left Dublin was Diogenes sittiug on his haunches uttering heartrending cries be came he was not allowed to follow mo on the boat. I havo heard from him since. I was his first and only love. After my de parture he gavo up his youthful follies, and a now the respected father of a family. 