THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRADDON. Chapter XI.— Encompassed with Darkness. . It was night, the tardy darkness of a May ovening,.nnd Brandon Mountford was sitting in the dismal old" building by the eea which bad served as a prisop house for many generations of posahers, sheep stealers and smugglers ; ma rauders and depredators, on land and wator ; rioters and insnbordinatca of overy kind ; had served as a prison house in those bitter day when tho criminal code was a law written in blood, nnd the full stop of every sontonco was » hempen necklace." If the ghosts of all the men and woman to whom those four hare walls had been the ante-ohatnbsr of the grave oould bsvc haunted the place the air would have been thiol with tho spirits of wfetched creatures, whose doom, looked at in the milder light of to-dsyt appears judioial murder. It was what the country people called ae " unked" place. Tho crumbling plaster on the bare walls was blotched ond blurred with strag gling stains nnd patches of damp, and ail along' the lower part of the wails there had crept a dull slimy moss, like green rust, while the briol" flooring was slippery with the same parasite growth. Cobwebs had thickened in every oorncr, and the spider had her fill of vagabond flies whioh oame in at the grating when tbt place was empty, for tho iron barred window was left open day and night. Tho furniture consisted of a table and twe chairs, large, heavy and clumsily made, hot whioh perhaps from thoir ago might have been precious in tho estimation of the oolleetor. There was a wido old firoplaot, with a grate half eaten away with rust, and whioh still, contained tho ashes of a fire burnt montfts ago. Dust and grime wero upon ovsrything, desola tion and decay were in the very atmosphere of the place, an all pervading odor of dirt and smoke nnd mildew. Desolation and despair wero in the sounds that oame in at yonder rusty grating, tho moaning of the barren soa, the shrill wail of tho rising wind. The custodian of this dog kennel hnd been oivil, for after all Mr. Mountford was a gentle man, and even if he were guilty and had to swing for it, he must have friends who would he likely to acknowledge any kindness shown him in his dark hour. With that oonviction Coxon, tho villngo constable, had provided comfortable meais, whioh the prisoner hardly tasted, had offered to light a fire, whioh the pri soner deolined, and had brought a newspaper and a pair of candles when evoning olosed in, and had sent a lad to Ellerslie for a ob≱ of linen and a supply of tobacco. Brandon's pipo bad been his only solace during those long barren spaces of time be fore and after the inquest. He - bad not read a line of the provincial newspaper which had been brought for his entertainment. He had eat and stared at the sky, and pon dered gloomily — brooding upon the story of the past, recalling old imprsssions — but, most of all, recapitulating tbo history of the malady to which ho was subjeot, as he had read it in the text books— a dismal and a harmful study to a man ia his esse. I'll, image of the Bavarian peasant had been with hira in his solitude, the man in whom the impulso towards murder was so atrong a ten dency that with eaoh fresh crisis of his malady tho struggle with his own impulsos had been fiercer and sterner, nnd with each recovery there hud been in the patient's mind a wondering thankfulness at not hnviog sucoumbed to that savage longing — at having got over the attaok without satisfying the fever thirst for blood. Brandon Mountford pondored the story of this unhappy being ; a man whose boyhood and youth had been mild and inoffensive ; in whose warped nature the hideous inolination towards ovil had only come with ripening manhood. He compared tbo Bavarian's history with bis own. Till yesterday his paroxysms had been of a mild and normal charaoter ; but yesterday he had felt the gloom of an overwhelming despair, a burden too heavy to be borne, until, as ho aank dcopor .and deeper ' into that dark gulf of despondenoy, it had seemed as if all the powers of hell wore let loose in his brain. A rage, an agony, a revolt against fate had token possession of him. He thought of the girl who loved him and offered herself to him, and whom he dared not take to the heart that yearned for her — dared not beoause of the curse that was laid upon him. Ho oried aloud in his anguiBh that tho ours was devilish, not the chastisement of a just and merciful God, but tho mocking torment of devils rejoicing in their power to make man's best gifts of no avail. To-night in tho still monotony 'of bis Bhabby prison house, where tho fitful Iightof the smoky candles played fantastic trioks with thedsrk wall Btains, as the flame wavered with every breath of wind from the sea, to-night he recalled the sufferings and sensations of yesterday even ing, and his memory grew clearer with every hour of meditation and solitude. All that he thought and felt before he fell headlong under tho fir trees was olearly recorded by memory, but the period of unconsoiousnoss whioh succeeded was a blank. He might have been dead and in his grave for all he knew of those hours between the fail and the awakening. Anything might havo happened to him ; anything might have been done by hiin ; but if that interval had not been inac tive, if in that lapse of consoiousness a new man had ariBen within him and moved him to strange notions, thera was no trace in mind or memory of the things that he hnd dono. Never before had he experienced such a lapse of con sciousness. His former seizures bad been brief. This fit," with its appalling duration, was a now development of hi. disease. Tho murdor seemed motivele.s, savage, the set of a maniac impelled by the unnatural lust of blood. Who else was there — who so likely ifs the wretched epileptic — to do suoh a deed of horror? He remembered, sliuddiringly, that ho had felt a growing dislike of Maris Arnold, resent- ing tho way in which sho bad thrust herself bstwesn bim and Sibyl, making all confidential talk impossible, and in some wise spoiling those delicious hours of innooont friendship. Yes, ho knew that be had disliked Sibyl's adopted sister, and that yesterday, on discover ing the clue to her conduot, be had felt only a oontomptuous wonder at her folly, only a care less scorn for a woman who could give her love unasked ; whon, if she hnd eyes or reason she must know that the man she loved was devotedly attached to another. He was startled from these gloomy thoughts by tho sound of voices outsido his door. The koy turned with a sorooping sound in the rusty look, the door opened, and a tall slim figure la blsok oame towards him, hat and vail hiding the face in the dim light. But for Brandon Mount ford thore was only one face on earth, and he was quiok to asy, "Dearest girl, how shall I thank you?" ' "Sibyl, my Sibyl, how adorable of you. My dearest girl, how shall I thank you ? " Ho would have takcu her in his arms, but sh( held herself away from hi. eager embrace. Sh< laid her hand lightly on his breast, holding hint at a distance, looking him full in the face. ' "Braudon, I have coma became I want tf know the truth, to help yon if I can. I knot) that you are innocent. You never oould havo done that vile and cruel aot — you of all men on earth. It is not possible.' "One would hardly think so," ho answered, with a curious slow smile that frightened iier. "In my right senses I have no inolination towards murder. I thought your friend a tire some person when she hung upon our footstep and never allowed ns five minutes' quiet talk from heart to heart. I used to think that rather hard, Sybil; but that is scaroely a reason why I should murder her. No, my belovid, in my right senses — whan I know what I am doing — I should bs utterly inoapablo of such a crime — as incapable as your father, of you. But last night I was not in mj right senses. A sullen rage against life ' and fate 'had seized me. I wai in a fever of rebellion against the very God wh< mado me, and marked me with a stigma which set mo apart from my fellow men— gavo mo I heart to love, a mind to revere all that is fairest and best in womankind, and thon said to me, . 4 Thou ahait take no woman to thy heart, thou shalt livo and dio aiono.4 My senses grew din in that red cloud of anger, and when I camo out of that blood red dream there had been a brutal, motiveless murder done within a few yards of the Boat where I found myself. Who knows. .3yl2 Hoij can I dare affirm that ' I wa no the murderer. It was my own knlfo that did tho deed." " But had you that knife about you yester day?" " I should say not. It is some days sinco I used it, but it may have beon among the things in my room. I had been paoking my fishing tackle, and I bad been absent minded and pre- occupied all the morning. I did a good many stupid things in the course of my paoking — put things into the portmanteau and took them out again in a futile, muddle- brained way. My mind was full of you, Sibyl, and our parting — the part ing that might bo for ever. I might have put that knife in my pocket instead of putting it in the case with the tacklo?" " Oh, you must not say tlieso things — you must not say that it was possible — you must not think of yoursolf as a possible murderer. You cannot believu yourself oapablo of suoh a crime —you oannot, unless yon nre utterly different from the man I bnvo thought you — unless there can be two natures — two separate existences in one man," argued Sibyl despairingly. Only now, perhaps, in this dark hour, had he realised the strength of her love — now, when she made herself one with him — when aho felt and suffered as if his guilt, if he wore guilty, was her guilt, a burden laid upon her as much as upon him — or as if this semblance of guilt — these ocousing facts whioh encircled him — webbed and enmeshed her as woll as him ; as if this blnek cloud of horror encompassed her too, and she must struggle through this dark ness to the light of truth. "Why do you say suoh things ?" ehe pleaded, agonised by his silence. "You must know that you are innocent, that however the knife came to be there, near that poor murdered girl, you did not use it." "I know nothing — except that there was an interval of darkness, a blank pause in my exis tence, of whioh my memory tells me nothing. How can I tell that I may not have done this thing in that interval prompted and urged by devils? You know how the Tor mentor—cast out of a human sufferer — drove the herd of swine headlong to their death. That may be taken to illustrate tho epileptia tendency, the driving power of evil — the irresistible impulse towards some act of blind vioionoe— the rending and tearing of the fiend within, the devilish instinot to which murder or self destruction beoomes a neces sity." "But you have never felt this dreadful im- 1 pulse — you have read of such things, and tho thought of them may havo haunted you — but these horrors have never come within your own experience. When you were in the wildernoss, away from eivilisation, almost beyond tho reach of tho law, were you ever wicked or oruel then, Brandon ? Did you ever kill one of your follow creatures?" She shuddered as she asked the question. " No, Sibyl. I never lifted my hand against my fellow man. I was not a hard taskmaster. I never had any inclination to be cruel. Those who knew me in Africa can tell you that our black comrades loved me as if I had been their brother and their king. No ; the impulse to slay was never upon me — but once — when I had the fever, and thought in my delirinm that I had two heads, and that ail the throbbing agony -was in one, and if I could shoot that I should be out of pain, my chum had as much as he could do to wrench the pistol from my hand before I oould fire. Yet I only knew thiB from tho man who told me about it. I havo no memory of my ravings, or of my attemptod sui cide. There sometimes are two natures, Sibyl, in the Bams man — tho nature in calm and well- being — the nature in storm and madness. You are an angel of compassion and mercy, Sibyl. You come into my solitude as a ray of light from heaven— but you oannot help me, dear ; and all you have to do henceforward is to forget that there was ever suoh a man." " I shall never forget, and I will never believe that you were a murderer — even in delirium. It could not be." "There lies the mystery, Sibyl ; the mystery of what can or cannot be in suoh a case as mine. You must leave me to my fate, my beloved — gallows or madhouse— or acquittal aud liberty. Whatever may happen you have only to forget me. There is a curse upon my life whioh no woman's loving heart shall share. The nobler, the better, the truer the woman, so much the less would I- link my life with hers. It was angelic of you to come here ; and you must come and go as an angel, leaving no traoo of your footsteps, only peace and consolation in my heart." He knelt down to kiss her hands, in a fond idolatry, and then, becoming all at once calm and practical, he questioned her as to her coming. " I walked here. I had my maid with me. She is waiting at the inn. Coxon was very good. They nil know me about here, and would do any thing for me. Not for my own sake, but beeausa I am my father's daughter. They all lore and honor him." "He is a good man, and desorvos to be loved. How does he take this trouble,- Sibyl — this inex plicable horror ?" " He feels it terribly. I have hardly seen him Bince last night. He haB been in his own room nllday, with the door looked. Ibegged and prayed him to let me in, to share his grief with me; but be would not even open his door to answer me. He told me — almost roughly — to go away and leave him to bis sorrow. He was so fond of her — fonder of hor even than I was, and yet God knows I loved hor dearly, and that if I could for one instant believe that you killed her I oould not bear to see yon or be near you. I might pity you, but your presence would be a horror to me. But I know that you had nothing to do with her death." " Help me to find her murderer, then. That is the only thing you can do for me, SibyL Find the motive and the murderer, if you cau. You know Marie Arnold's history, her friends BDd her enemieB." " She bad no enemy. She was a kind, warm hearted girl, and had never offonded or injured any one." "She may have had some rejected lover. There is not mueh difference between a jealous lover and a madman. She may have been mur dered in a paroxysm of despairing love." " Tho only offer she ever rejeoted was from Mr. Twoedie, the curate, and ono could not bus- pect him of madness and despair. Poor matter of faot young man, he would not hurt a worm." " One never knows tha men who aro oapable of a destroying passion. But how did her mur derer come by my clasp knife ?" " He may have stolen it in order to fix you with the crime." "Not that kind of a murderer. Passion is reckless and sudden in all its aots — not deliberate and designing." The creaking door opened again, and Coxon ushered in another visitor. " Mr. Urquhart to see you, air." "Sibyl !" exclaimed Urquhart. "What in heaven's name has brought you hero ?" " My anxiety for a friend falsely accused of a dreadful crime. I am glad yon are here, for that shows you sympathise with Mr. Mountford in his cruel position, and perhaps you can help me to save him." " I'm afraid it would need an angel from heaven to do that,", answered Urquhart. "Nothing less than supernatural intervention seems likely to be of any use here. AVe want the angel who liberated Peter. With him, and n fast cutter in the offing below, wo might do something." His cynical air, his scornful use of an example which to her was sacred, chilled and revolted , iSibyl. Yet she welcomed his presence, as that of someone who might he helpful to Brandon Mountford. "You mean that -he ought to try to escape — to run away, as if he were guilty ?" she asked. "Yes, if he is not in a position to prove his innocence — and upon my word I don't see how he is to do it. Facts arc uncommonly strong. The fact that you were missing at an unusual hour, for instance, Mountford — that you wero found — ns you were found-—" he hesitated at this poipt, as if even for his hard nature there was agony in the thought of Mnrie Arnold's death— "and tho faot of your knife being the weapon used— your knife — stained to the hilt with— her heart's blood." The words choked him ; ho stopped suddenly —then, with a frown and a shrug — went on — " It's a ghastly, business, Mountford. You must see for yourself how black it looks." "I sec that as plainly as you, hut I am not going to run away. "Ain't you ? Remember aftor to-night, unless to-morrow's inquiry should be adjourned, yon mayn't havo a ohanee of escape. From this place — with tho people about here — you may got away as easily as Bazaine got away from St. Marguerite; but if the inquiry ends in your oommittal, and you aro tranoferred to Carliolo, it will bo all over with you, and you muot otanil the raoket. " " I mean to stand tho rackct.lt I am guilty, let me suitor. If I am iunocont — well, I sup- poso Providenco will watch my case, and the real facts of the murder will oomo to light some how." Urquhart stared at him in blank amaze- raont. "You talk of yourself at if you were not sure of yourself— as if you might havo mur dered hor," ho cxolaimed. "I am not sure of myself or of what hap pened during my lapse of oonsoiousnese any more than an habitual sleep walker can be suro that no strange thing has hsppened during bis sloop. Tho fact that ha can romemker nothing is 110 proof that nothing has happened." "No, no, I understand. You aro right in that," said Urquhart, evidently impressed, " and this murder was so motiveless, so un neoosssry; a girl whom no ono oould bave hated — young, beautiful. AVIiy should anyone murder her ? It is a terrible oase — terrible, for if you should be pardoned ou the ground of lunacy, that would mean a life long imprison ment. At her Majesty's pleasure ! Think of what those words mean. A life, Mountford, a life 1 There are men pining in madhouses to-day who were shut up when tho Queen was a young woman, wlion everything in this world was differsnt from what it is to-day. Men who have never seen the world we live in ; who would not .recog nise tho oitiee thoy once know or the plaoee in whioh their boyhood was epont. Men whose lives have rotted away within the walls of Han- well or Colney Hatch." "But if he is innocent, as I feel and know that ho is— flight would be madness ; it would bo to stamp himself guilty." " My dear Sibyl, tiiat is a girl's heroio way of looking at thinge. I, as poor Mountford's friend, take a more prosaio viow. All the chances are against him if he stays to stand his trial. Nobody can doubt that be will be com mitted for trial. On that point there can be no question. Between to-night and to- morrow morning thoro is the possibility of gettiug him away. It is only a possibility, mark you, and it will require sharp action on the part of his friends— you and me, for instance — and a lavish use of money ; but it may bo done. After to morrow it may bo impossible ; it will be impos sible if the inqury finishes to-morrow." "You hear what he says, Bran4on?" said Sibyl, appealingly, the tears streaming down hor pallid ohoeke, hor hands clasping Brandon's arm, as be stood motionless, seemingly unmoved by Urquhart's urgency. "Yes, I hsar him— but I will take my ohanoe." " No, no, yon must escape ; think what tho danger is — death, or a life long misery, Brandon ; bo rational, for my sake. " He looked down at her with a smile whioh transfigured him. " My angel, my divinity, for your sako ? AVhat would I not do for your sake ? But, dear love, between yon and me there is a great gulf fixed. AVhat does it matter where I live, or how I die? I must live ordie apart from you." "Brandon, for my sake! Don't think abont the future. Frovidenoa may be kinder to ue than you think, if we are true to eaoh other. AVe will got you away from this place — out of England — if you will only bo governed by as. AVe can do it, Mr. Urquhart The people here will do anything for mo " "'And for hard cash," interjeotod Urquhart " All you have to do is let ue aot for you. Everything must be done in a few hours. You won't refuse to make the attempt, Brandon, for my sake, for my soke." She urged that one argument whioh a woman thinks infallible when she loves and knows her self beloved. "Is there no risk for her in tho attempt?" Brandon aaked, turning to Urquhart. " Not tho slightest Sir Joseph is a king in this plaoe, and oan do no wrong; and his daughter shares his immunity. The people will bo blind, deaf, dumb, if Bhe asks them — and pays them." "Sibyl, you shall bo tho ruler of my life. If you wish me to mako my esoapo — although in the very attempt I stand self condemned "No, no, it will only givo you time. AVho knows if some new evidence may not be found, when you are far away. The murderer may oonfess ; some olue may be dieeovorod, some link in the ohain of oiroumstsnaee which no one can foresee or imagine now. Only be guided by us, Brandon, and all will go well." She spoke with oonfidenoe. Hor look was full of hope, as she clasped his hand at part ing. "Come along," said Urquhart, "thero's no time to lose." Chapter XII.— " Grddged I so Moqu to Die ?" "Now," said Sibyl, when she and Urquhart wero walking along the wind blown path towards the inn where she had left her maid, "now, Mr. Urquhart, what is the firet thing to be done ?" He was astonished at the firmness of her tono, the air of resolute oourage in bo young a girl, a girl who never before had been brought faoe to face with crime or danger ; a girl who, in tho circumstances, might have been forgiven had she abandoned herself to hysteria and distrac tion in her own room, instead of being here under the dark night sky, ready to do and dare for the man she loved. "You must bo very fond of him," he said, grudgingly, " or you would never have oome to this place to-night." " I am very fond of him, and I no more believe that he killod poor Mario " — with the choking sound of a stilled sob — " than that I was walking in my sleep in the wood, and that this band of mine kilted her. There was someone else — someone who will be fonnd and brought to justice in God's own good time." " Perhaps ; but God's own time may be soon enough to prove His omnipotonoo, yet not to save an innooont man's nook." "I did not think you would care so muoh for him as to trouble yourself what became of him. I am sorry for having boon so mistaken in you, Mr. Urquhart. I thought you hard and worldly, oaring for no one but yoursolf ; but tho hour of trouble has shown tho best side of your nature." " Oil, one can't help fooling sorry for a follow in ouch a fix as that. AVhat you and I are going to do may bo a risky thing ; but if we oan get him oil safely — well, it will bo a life saved, most likoly ; for I don't think the verdiot would be anything less than wilful murder. You and I may know that if he did the thing he did it in an interval of aborration ; but there iB no evi dence to show that he was over out of his mind, and the theory would hardly hold good with a jury, or even with the Home Secre tary afterwards." "Nothing would ever mako me belicvo him guilty." "Ah, that's a woman's way of looking at the matter. Yon love him — ergo he can do no wrong. Even in a moment of lunacy there would bo a special providenco to keep him straight. Another man — as good a man — might give way to an irresistible impulse of jealousy and anger— the impulse to destroy the creature he lovod best in tho world, perhaps. Suoh things have been. But no such thing could happen to your lovor." Thoro was an offensive tone in that laat word, which passed by Sibyl like the idle wind. She had neither thought nor care for Mr. Urquhart's tones or opinions. She tiiought of him only as she might liava thought of a maid servant who promised to be useful in a dire extremity. The road along whioh they were walking skirted the faoe of the cliff, and ascended towards the village, whioh wee a little way inland, .and on higher ground than the coastguard station and look-up— a long struggling viilago of pitman's houses, with an inn at each end and a rustio shop here and there. ' The houses wore better built than most pitmen's houses, and tho vil lage boasted a workmen's alub and read ing room and an infirmary, while about half a milo off, in a rustio lane, baoked by the woods whioh joined Ellcrslie, a couplo of roomy cot tages had been fitted up as a convalescent home, where the pitmen and their wives and ohildran were provided with rest and oare after any serious illness or any acoldent of thoir trade. Tho look-up wae away from ovorything oxcopt tho ooaetguard, and tho constable's cottage oloso by. It had no doubt been found that with the coastguard on tho one aide, anil the constable on tho other, this vilingo gaol was tolerably secure as a temporary plaoo of durance. "Toll me what wo have to do," Sibyl said, presently. "AVe havo to get your frionil oloar away before daylight. I havo been thinking it out sinco wo left him. Tho only thing to be done is to get him on hoard a fishing Bmaclc whioh will land him somowhoro along the coast, tho further from hore tho bettor. AVhon ho is on board hor lie oan change his olotties for a spsro suit of tho fisherman's, whioh can be ready for him, and his own things oan he stowed away or thrown overboard. AVhcn ho aots foot on land again ho must appear as a rough sea going man, whom no ono will think of identify ing with the missing gentleman from Ellcrslie. AVhat you have to do is to got .as muoh ready cash as you oan sorape together— a coupio of hundred at tho least — and bring it to mo ns soon as you possibly can. I shall wait for you and the money at the Fisherman's Rest — tho inn at the other end of tho village — not the Higginson Arms, whore you loft your maid. And while you are getting tho money I shall be making my bargain with tho mon who aro to find tho boat and trying to seouro Coxon, tha constable." " I havo my own acoonnt at the Newoastlo Bank. My father oponed an account for mo on my last birthday. I can writo any cheques you want," " Cheques are no use. The mon wouldn't look at a ohsquo— least of all Coxon, whose oon- soionce will have to be bought. You must get me gold or notes." "It will be diffioult. I could only get them from father." " Then you must appeal to your father. This is a matter of life and death, remomber, and we have only thrco or four hours. AVhon to-night is gone our ohanee will bo gone." "I know, I know. Yes,- it must be dono. My father must help me." Thoy parted on tho threshold of tho Higgin- eon Arms, oommonly spoken of as the Arms, a house with certain pretensions, and which had bsen known to accommodate an oooasional tourist — a low, stone house, with a parlor that wbb the pride of tho landlady's heart, and whose ohicf ornament was a monstrous and etouy looking stuffed salmon, against a back ground of impossible foliage, in a glass case. Hore, in contemplation of a round table, fur nished with a large assortment of pious litera ture, sat Miss Iligginson's maid, Ferriby, yawn ing dismally. She started up at her mistress's entranoo. "Lor, miss. I thought you was nover coming baok," said Ferriby, who had been promoted from the village soliool to attendance on Sir Joseph's daughter. " It's past 11 o'clock." " I can't help that, Ferriby. AVo must make haeto home now; come along." Not a word said Miss Higginson to her maid dusing tho hurried walk through a lane and aaross a field, to a gate whioh oponed into Elierslio Park. It was a long and lonely walk under a darkly threatening sky, and Ferriby, with tho vivid remembrance of last night's horror, felt as if tho air wero thick with ghosts. Tbey heard the atablo olook striking 12 before they came to the side door near Sibyl's rooms, the key of which door was in Ferriby's pocket. " It will bo daylight at 4," thought Sibyl, " only four hours." She was glad to see tho lighted windows of her father's office, and to know that oithor he or his confidential man was still up. "Shall I get you some lemonade and abisouit before you goto bed, miss?" asked tho maid. "You must bo dreadfully tired after that long walk." " Nonsense, Ferriby, you know I think noth ing of suoh a walk; I don't want anything, and I'm not going to bed just yet. But you oan go as soon as you like. I shan't want you any more to-night." "Not to brush your hair, miss? I should like to give your hair a good brushing. It might be a relief to your poor head.". "No, no. There is nothing amiss With my head." "Ob, miss, I don't believo thero can boa head in this house as doesn't ache— after what wo all won't through last night," and Ferriby buret into tears. " Go, go," cried Sibyl, imperiously. " Do you think tears oan do any good ?" "Thoy can't bring her baok," whimpered Forriby, "but they ease an aching 'enrt. Let mo take your 'at and scarf, miss, at least." " No. Haven't I told you to go to bed ? Don't worry ma" Ferriby, upon being thus oruelly snubbed, went eobbing upstairs. Sho was a year or so older than Sibyl, who had taught her in tho Sunday school, and whom she adored. This was the first time hor young mistress had spoken eo unkindly. " AVho oan wonder at it ?" murmured Ferriby, between her sobs, " wo'ro all of us un'inged." To be continued.) 