TO EMINORE. Thp toance of teayelling in Denmark in ft train oafied f express ' was of itself alone al most ehohgh'to tempt me to take the ran from Oopekhaeen to EUinore. Nothing more terriblfi as a trial of paticoci oan be imsgineS for animpetupne man than ft long obntse of railway fjonxneya to Scandinavia. It Ib mhcH the same to S wesdeft and Den mark in tins respect. If yon fail tp get into ab 'express teftto— and there are very few of ibesfr— ybu may spend a tohole day in cover ing' less than a honored dreary miles. Betide, in my base it , was Kiuter. It is . aU' vqry well in the bright northern summer, to have from ten to. twqhty minntes to loiter at each little railway ' station; in wtoto however, when yon may baye.thirty or fofiy degrees of frost to toe outer air, the .opnstant going ' and coming ol! tr a vbUbrs keeps ypu. in a perpetual state qi cusootniotc, ana ypu nave no indftoement to ' stretq& ypur fega in these littieVayftli8 Btatiqnjil'hiqh have nothing for ypu except a dnfi series pf adverijsqmphh3 and a Bacoession of keto draaghfs. "The diittoee to Elsinprp ratoqr pndqr forty miles." To qovqr this in. a lite .oyer an hoar is a fe at of which the Danish S tate offi cials are yeaspnably 'proud-' Iii $Pnniark toe bffik of "the railways 'arp in the hands of toe Gbtohuneht. ' Tfiiq Ka its ftdyantages ' as weJl as its disadvahtagos. Abyeramjui)i is bound, for example, to bare for. ftp. sab- jeots. " Therefore, perhaps, it" is that sjlow but gure ttaveliin'g is one of the i.eatpres of Danish raiiway|lboonabtioh,"eyeh as also the carriages ' are to whter kopt exbellehtiy warmed. On toe other htod, toe frnits of enterprising competition between rival rail way companies 'are hot pbtftiuedl As a'iur- th'er ooinment upon' the State inflaenpe here, it may be mentioned that the more important trains carry eleotrio" light; to toefhlessihjg of whioh even the lowest ila®3 pf travellers paitooipatoV ' Elsinore is fampus for two or three char acteristics/' f toPEPse most of .ns on this aide of /toe G..rmah ' Ocean are still fancifol enough to think bf it bhiefly in connection with'HamKt'smd.hi8 fatoer's ghost.'. Until about" a' ophtaty' ago, to'merohant shippers it was' a subjeot' of 'bxebrfttion /because jd 'tito . Both tiiesVelemquts of interest may, however. be ditiniaised' from tiie 'mind hbwadftyk. To tho bratoary parson, whether a .busiaq'ss man or a seeker aftor the tobtort'flheYfhei "torn [ap peals most 4's.the fetey port betwixt Denmark and' Sweden. There is here pzi|ly sbme two and a' qnuter miles of waterway in tho Sound. 'A mah'mnst try .very hard if ba ia to he sea'- sibk to so brief ft orbssing, espe- ciftUy with so muoh beauty and' ahimation around him : the gay villas of Helatogborf; on "the 'Swedish .side, with their woodeil Sholls ; Ktohborg's hoble caBtle by Elainore ; the" "long 'line of Danish pleasnrfi resprts north and south ; and", tho myriad of craft of all kinds— ;fibM one tonners to five thous- and'tbhnersT-whiqh Adorii th hiab water's far as the eye cah see ap and down the Sound.' As it was winter, however, .with the ther mometers of Copenhagen sticking at zero, I sbtebelyiexpepted & Barfeit of "the beautiful either en route or at Elsinbto itself. An on- kind gray fog hung over the capltal when we left it ; tiie same mantle stayed low upon toe snow-bound landsoape oh either hand of of qs- Fcpm out of it, ohceortwioe, several bloiohes of blaek 'stood strongly, telluig of the -forests 7 around toft summer palabes of Denmark's long.' " But there was' too muoh rime on the window of the oir.tb allow more than a dim glancc at 'toese.'I "had as a companion a stohf,.g'od- natored .man, whe entertained in'e with English ' eohverkfttioii. He hadjieen cut tq piepesjby.,a..tailwfty; toftto yearshato d'uring a holiday in which he had come from America to his. homeland; and thanks to his/aniazing confttitation"' and the dootors, his trunk had survived the shock. I did not at first notice how he was muti lated, he looked Bo .hftle m the face. He was extremely anxious to he" agreeable, poor fel- lo,w» andsuooeedad. entirriy- .'Now, what,' he ft'skeI;Vafter . tetiing ; about , his accident, ' would yoU have., done if you had been me t Would yba have stayed iu Denmark or gone baok to America ?' It was an odd question, since I knew nothing of "toe circumstances. But. on general grounds it seemed to me that for tho buttle of- life in the Btates at leaBt1 a. pair of: hands and': legs are /neoessary ; and so I commended him fcr .hiB own . de termination. The commendation pleased him. Near Elsinore, the train huge the sea- . shore ; but . on this day you would never have dreamed you' were by ocean's flowing tide. In faot, there, was no water _ to be" seen. All was frczen fast, and buried be- neath six ..or seven inches of new-fallen' snow. The fog east cut the horizon short even as It severed it in the west. There was !but a white level. slnxtingrfprath9 mind to toy" with- Here and 'toere "men were to be seen fishing. They had dug' themselves holes in toe.ioe, and tried for their prey with ,neti and long handled tridents. Snow- . bound villas with fantaBtio eaves and' gables rosaat totefvals.in the haze, compelled ad- . miration, and were lost to eight, And so »t length wa sped into Elsinore statioa,_ whioh .my oompanion described, and I think justly,- 08 'the most beautiful to the world.' 