'ON THE BOARDS.' Shakespeare says, 'All the world's a stage, . . . and one man in his time plays many parts.' Some of the men now ' on the hoards,' shearing the fleecy flock, have perhaps, like myself, trod the mimic stage, and been 'on the boards' in another sense. The sierht of two familiar names supporting Maggie Moore at the Newcastle Theatre recalls to me the good old limes, lang syne, when we were true Bohemians and good comrades. So, to while away a dull moment to some of our workers, whether in graft or ' taking a stand' in another sense, for principle (and with the warmest corner of my heart for these latter, gallantly fighting for union and manhood), I dig from 'memory's misty past ' some recollections of a brief time spent 'on the boards.' Scene, Bulliirat ; time, the seventies. (Aha ! no wonder the glass reflects a poll getting grizzled.) I was 10, had some money in my pocket, so, having previously made the acquaint ance of the management, behold me enrolled a member of the corps dramatique at the old Royai. Don't be alarmed, I've no tale to tell of brilliant precocious acting of big parts, — my line was second, or oven third ' Utility.' Elastic phrase that utility, — it embraced small characters of all sorts and conditions of men, from the time honore.d ' The carriage waits, me lord,' gorgeous ftunkey, to the bald-wig^cd ' third oiu man,' all the blubbers come into ' Utility's ' net. We hud F ? , the American trugediun, starrins.' witli us for ft fortnight. Oh! weary time for the novice utility. Such d .ubling of small pints, all to be letter perfect— no 'gag- giug ' permissible in Shakespeare. Well do I remember, in 'Richard III.,' my first spoken lines, ' My lord, stand back and let the coffin pusn,' — what a fiasco ! There is an old tradition carefully handed down the generation of Thes pians, that some poor unfortunate had rendered it, ''Stand back, my lord, ;-nd let the par.un cough.' This had been carefully instilled iato mo with painful iteration, solemn warnings not to, and chuckling prophesies, taut I would say it —and I did ! On came King Henry's funeral cortege, headed by self, arrayed in martial garb, and in a blue funk ; out came the cue, '? By St. Paul, I'll make a corse of him that disobeys.' With a brave show I brought my halbeid 1 (ancient tomtthawk-on-n- pole concern) to the charge, then, quavcriugly, 'My lord, stand back — (a gentle whisper insinuated from the rear, 'purson,' a gulp,) — and let the parxon cough' and in a crescendo wail, ' Oh, damn it .'' Ob, tbe malicious, diabolical grin of the Richard ! — I see it yet. Another fond memory in of being cast, in 'Macbeth,' for the messenger who reports Birnam Wood marching on Duiwinaue. 1 was at the wing waiting for my cue, when tho mvuet tempered 'star,' who was working himself up for tho groat final HCeue, hii-sed out, ' You ought to have been on five minutes ago.' I hadn't heard my cue, but it isn't 'Utility's' place to question the star's dictum. He might be cutting something, I thought, and stepped on the stage, where I had the pleasant task of awaiting the delivery of nomo few lines before my cue wa* reached. My lines spoken, I was dismissed with a malignantly hissed, ' Get oil.' I got off, and from the friendly shelter of the Avinvs gave that celebrated tragedian Mr. Midshipman Easy's Masonic sign — that speaking gesture f-mu 11 boys, call 'taking a sight.' I have never been so big a man since, as when, noxt morning at rehearsal, I declined playing with Mr. F ? any more, because he was 'no geutlcrnim.' Oh, the dignity !— the h;ippy audacity of sixteen ! Our seasou at the Royal came to an abrupt torininution — the ' ghost didn't walk.' The big company gradually dwindled, as one after another of the leading lights were lucky enough to get engagements. From the remnant, the raanageineut selected a small compauy, who were to recoup the losses by a provincial tour. I was of the chosen, and now got my first -real oppor tunity. Utility here meant a very different thing from that of a big stock company. Our leading lady (a magnificent actress and true lady, who died iu India — peace bo to her memory) gave sceues from her repertoire, 'Leah,' 'Lady Macbeth,' ' Lucrezia Borgia,' &c.; , and wo ulso played corned}-, farce, and bur lesque. For a timo all went gaily, theu, alas, there settled upon us the deadly 'frost.' We fought against it manfully by frequent changes with its consequent hard study — but the inevit able came. I shall never forgot, the end. We wore at Climes (Vic), playing in the Apollo Hall, Avhen the National Agricultural Society's Show at Smeaton gave u^ promise of a harvest. Our business manager was despatched, post haste, to make arrangements, and tho day after we followed, driving over in two buggies. On arrival at the township nearest the show ground (Kingston, if I remember right) we were greeted with a tale of woo, — no hall, no piano procurable (wo ros-e an harmonium after), and no i-leeping accommodation to be got at the one hotel. How over, our manager had secured the use of the Public School for the night, and the crowd at the show ground gave promise of a goed audience. Light-heartedly enough the gentle men of our company turned to the task of trans forming tho bare school building into a temple of Thespis, and here we met with a real difficulty. Trestles and boards, evidently in use for tables at tea-fights, .were loaned us, but with strict injunctions to use no nails in them. We could only lay the trestles on tho boards, and pray that we might have a cherub aloft to guard us against accidents. Scenery there was none, bnrring a huge map of the world against the back wall — our sceno-iu-flat. Dressing- rooms and wings were improvised with a line across the corners of the building, covered with stage drapery. These arrangements took some time and work, and it was a tired little party that rejoined tho ludiee at tho hotel for tea, where 'What shall the harvest be?' was tho central topic of conversation. Alas for our hopes ! Buggies, carts, nnd vehicles of all descriptions were conveying the holiduy folk from the ground to their homes. Wo had evidently pitched on the wrong stand. At 7.30 wo wonded our way to tho scene of our expected triumph ovor misfortune. No eager crowd besieged the doors, — in bitter truth there wasn't a living soul in tight, and to add to the cheerfulness of the scene, a dismal sleet was falling. There sat our manager 'at tho receipt, of custom,' — the ticket office — but, in the siting of the share market, there were ' no buyers.' Eight o'clock brought two urchins, with an eager enquiry of ' How much to go in, mister?' ' One shilling,' was our manager's suave ropry. ' Oh ! ' and an earnest whispered colloquy wont on under the window. ' Please, Sir, we've only got a bob between us.' 'Here, give it here, and in you get,' — and there were two happy souls iu existence, any how. Voices in tho street, and a couple, evidently lovers, strolled past, looking enquiringly at the Shrine of Momus (most of us were calling it by a more vulgar nud less classic xmmn). Would they roll in? It -grew very esci'ii'jjr— first they would, and th«n they wtmlilii't. Tho suspeue.e wn.1- Lrn'wiD-; unb'iirublo. when it bright idea ? stuwkom of our cvowl — in. another moraw.t ho A wi\f swiU'd at the ecu hV-r;,c old LarnioniuM, E5jTAteffl]Huyvo'.it a acitdp fr««i£. 'Hicn i»;vnlai:._ '? Act on . ^ the square, hoys.' We, the members of the company, marked each verse with thunders of applause, in which the two boys helped like bricks. Presently was borne on our tympana the pleasant jingle of coin. Each and all made a dash behind our extemporised dressing rooms, where we marked with supreme delight the bewilderment of the happy pair at the sight of the empty hall. The gentleman looked as though he'd like to offer a few remarks anent ' acting on tho square.' A few of the villagers now arrived, however, and 8.30 saw us with £2 17e. Gd. in the house. A hurried consultation — shall we play ? — decided in the affirmative, and our orchestra was soon seated at that harmonium, giving it the liveliest old time it ever had in its existence. Our bill was Buckstone'e 'Rough Diamond,' scenes from ' Leah,' and a rattling burlesque to wind up with. The fun (?) commenced from the jump. When ' Sir William Evergreen,' speaking 'off' to ' Captain Blenheim,' placed his foot on the stage to enter, up tilted the plank, landing that personage on hia back, the maddeBt specimen of an English baronet that ever existed. The audience, if small, was happy, and tittered— well, not to put too fine a point on it, they laughed consumedly. However, experience teacheth, so we devised means of treading the boards in safety, and, although ' Sir William ' was inclined to sulk a bit over his misfortune, Buckstone's little piece went as well as bright, clever acting could make it. I was cast for ' Rudolf '' in the 'Leah' scenes, .and having p'ayed it some few times at other places, was getting to feel at home in the little he had to do — but I had not counted on the absence of an act drop. The great Curse Scene was given to an enraptured audience, spfll-bound by the majestic ' Leah,' towering like a destroy ing angel over the unhappy 'Rud'-lf.' The final 'Amen and Amen' rang out — and ' Rudolph ' fell, as usual, at her feet senseless. The great actress had only t - bow in response to the applause and retire, while to 'Rudolf ' — doubly unhappy now — came the agitating thought, 'How the devil am I to get off?' There was nothing for it but to get up and walk off — which I did, about as mad as they make 'em. In the burlesque, I had to open in a subordi nate part, and, in stepping on to the stage, some of the trimming — bugle trimming I think the ladies call it — of my brignnd dress caught in the hanging drapery that constituted uur wings, and down came the whole concern, to the discomfi ture of three of our boys who hadn't finished getting into their 'togs.' I, blissfully un conscious at first of the disaster, was startled into knowltdgi) by an agitated ' Put 'em up, hanc vou : -nut 'nm im.' from under the staure. where my partially-dress d confreres had dived. Put 'em up, eh ? They had sniggered some when I was ' in it,' and I wouldn't put 'em up now for pure cusscdn- ss until I (and the audience) had thoroughly enjoyed the situation. Well, tbo best of good things must come to an end, as did that evening's performance. One thing I recall with real pleasure. At the clobe of tho entertainment a venerable old gentleman in the audience rose and made a little speech, condoling with us on the sparse attend ance, mid paying a warm tribute of praise for the excellence of the acting. Ho didn't forget to make a playful remark, too, on certain ' little unforeseen accidents,' which' made 'Sir William' and ' Itudolf ' look a bit conscious. The ladies being provided for by the kindly hos pitality of the schojlrmstor, we gentlomen of tho sock and buskin passed the night before a huge fire in the school-room, fighting our b ittles o'er again, and building up impossible Chateaux d'Espagne for the future. That was my last ap pearance in the profession. I can look back on my brief career 'on the bonrds' with a smile now at the little troubles, worries, iind disap pointments, and with a kindly recollection of my good hearted fellow-actors. As an amateur, I have since be?n ' on the boards,' but of that — should fate (that's tho Editor, you know) be propitious— more anon. ? Derf. 