OUR NOVELIST CARRTUO BY STOBH. By Mrs, May Aones Fleming. Author of a ' Mad Miiaiiuga, ' ' A Little Queen,' &c;, -tc. CHAPTER IV. A WILD GIRL OF THE WOODS. What slw.il hbe do ? The child is not ft coward — bhe has been bo sheltered, so loved, so encompassed by cave all har short life, that four is a sensation al uiost unknown. If it were noonday she would not fear now, she would wander on and on, calling for Je-.inuotte until someone came to her .-tid — someone who would /be sure to talre care of her, and bring iher home. 13ut tho gathering darkness is about her, the tall black trees stand up like threatening gi:mta, the deep TQcessas of the wood are so many prap ing dragon's jaws, ready to swallow her. Perhap3 there are ghosts in that grim forest. Jeaanetta has a whole some horror of remnants, and her little anistrcBs shares it. Oh,|\vhat shall she do? Where is papa P£Wherc is Prank, mamma, Jean nette, anyone — anyone she knows, to come to the rescue ? She stands there in ' that breathless, awesome solitude, a panic-stricken, loiicly little figure, Hi her soiled dress, and muddy blue kid hoots. V, ' Jeamiotte ! Jeannette ! Jeannette !' l- The terrified voice piereas wildly the Btillness, its desolate echo comes back to her, and frightens her more and more. Oh, what 6hall she do ? Must she stay jlxere in the awful, awful place until aiiorning ? What will become of her P ikve there bears, or lions, or robbers in that spectral forest. She has on a necklace of gold beads. Will they kill her for that ? ; ' Jeaimette ! Jeannette !' she cries, in Bobbing despair, but no Jeannette answers. i She is indeed lost — hopelessly lost, and the dark, dreadful night is already here. ^ All this time she has been standing etill, now a sudden panic seizes her. ?Tlery eyes glare at her out of the vast 'depths of the wood; strange, weird 'moans, and voices in pain, come to her ' from its gloomy vastness. . She turns ?wild with fright, and flies — flies for life from the haunted spot. i. She runs headlong — how long or how far she never kaowa. Panting, gasp ing, slipping, falling, flying on. She !-ioee not cvy out — Bhe cannot. She is 'all spent and breathless, Something t: jterrific is behind her, in hot pursuit, ? ghost or goblin, fiery dragon — who Jknew what ? — stretching forth skeleton :|hands to catch her — a phantom of horror and despair! ; . And still the silvery twilight deepens, -$ke -stare shine out, and still she rushes [on, a wildly flying, small white figure in the lovely summer dusk. ;l At last, overtasked nature can bear no more. She falls headlong on. the soft, turfy ground, her eyes closed, her hands clenched, and lies panting, and still, jJ Is she dying, Bhe wonders. Sho feels dieey and sick — is she going to die far from pip* and mamma, and Frank, alone in this lonesome place ? How sorry they will be all to-morrow, when ta,ey come upon her lying like this, all cold and dead. She thinks of the Babes in the Wood, t»nd wonders if the robins will cover her ?with leaves. ^ 'Hullo!' . ' It is do voice of ghost or goblin. It is unmistakeably a human salute, and very close by. ' t She lifts herself silently, too utterly exhausted to reply, and sees standing ['beside her, in the dusk of the warm night, the figure of a — girl. ? Ie it a girl ? She puts back the tangled golden Iceland gaaoBup in a dazed, bewilder ed way, at this apparition. , ' Hullo !' says the voice again. : ^ It is not a pleasant voice. The face .that looks down at her is not a pleasant face. It ie a girl of twelve or so, in a Want skirt, a boy's blouse belted with a s*-rav of leather, a shaggy head of tinkempt reddish hnir, a thin, (ajer, old-young faje, long bare legs, and hare feet, ' Hullo!' For the third time she hnils the pros trato Olga with this salute, in a high ? bitched, narah tone, and for the time receiving no reply, varies it — 1 ' I say, y. u ! Ye aiu't dear, are ye ? Can't ye sjjeak ? Who are you ? What ire you doin' here this time o'night V' & Still no reply. ™ The rasping voice; the scowling look, \he wild air of the unexpected figure, have stricken Olga mute with a new ''tjewor.' No one haa ever looked at her or 'Spoken to her like this in all her life pefore. fj' Deaf, are ye, or sulky—wh ich P Git W — git up, I say or I'll make ye. Who are you ? What are ye about here lying on the ground P Why, lor, if it mn'$ the Veninor gal 1' , i .She has taken a stride towards Olga, 'fwjfio springs-, to her feet instantly: *vThfly stand confronting one another in the dim light, the little heiress eaak ? Stag with fatigue and £ear- the fiteoe, ^looking wild creature glancing atp her \tftfli ejrefl.iike^ pat. JJ'||f» Jjoia't speak I'll - scr&tek; ye, 1 air out by the roots, Aiu't you the Ventnor gal F Come, now — say.' She makes a threatening step now. The poor little princess puts up two imploring hands. ' Oh, please, please, don't bits me. T don't mean any harm. I am only lost, and fell down here !' A great sob. ' I am Olga Vcntuor, and I want to go Iiojho — oh, I want to go home !' She breaks down in a great passion cf sobs. The impish looking child be fore her bursts into a discordant jeering laugh. ' She wants to go home ! Oh, she wants to tfo home! Oh, please somebody come and take this young lady home ! Look at her ! Ain't she putty witli her old white dress, and muddy shoos, and shiny beads. Here, you, give me those beads this very minute, or I'll snatch 'em off your neck.' With rapid, trembling fingers the child unfastens the necklace, and holds it out to her tormentor, ' What business have you, you stuck up little peacock,' continues the imp, wrenching, savagely, the costly trinket asunder, ' with hair down, to your waist — yellow hair, too, the colour of your beads, and all in nasty ringlets ? Oh, we think ourselves handsome, don't we ! And embroidery and lace on our frocks, and pink, and blue, and white. buttoued ?-oots, with ribbon bows ! I've seen you. And a French servant girl to wait on us, in a white cap and apron ! And a kerridge to ride in. And white feathers in our hats, and kid gloves, and silk stockins. We're a great lady, we are, till we get lost in the woods, and then we can't do ncthin' but sit down and blubber iike a great calf. Why, you littlo wretch' — she takes a step nearer, and her tone and look grow ferocious — ' do you know that I hate you, that I would like to tramp on you, thut I would spit at you ' — which she does — 'that I would like to pull cut every one of the::i long- curls by the roots ? And I'll do it, too, before I let you go.' The child is deadly white, deadly still with fear. She does r,ot speak or move, cry out, or turn to run — some terrible fascination holds her there, breathless and spellbound. ' What business have you,' cries the creature, with ever increasing ferocity, ' with curls and silk* dresses, and gold beads, and servants, and kerridges, while your betters are tramping about barefooted, and beat and abused, and starved ? You ain't no better nor me. You ain't so good, for you're a coward, and a cry-baby, and a little fool. And I'm going to have them curls — and if you holler I'll kill you. I will. I hate you — I've hated you ever since I saw you firet !' She darts a step nearer. Olga recoils a step backward. Still she makes no outcry, no attempt to run. The fas cination of intense terror holds her fast. ' I know you, uad I know all about you,' goes on the goblin. ' I kow your cousin, Frank Livingston. He comes to our house — he gives presents to Lora and Lie Sleaford. He's sweet on Lora, he is. She wears long curls, bloss you, too. Like tar rcpeB, they are, over her shoulders. I'm Sleaford's Joanna. If I don't kill you, you'll know me next time, won't you? And I hate you be cauee you've1 a young lady, with ker ridges, and servants, notbin' to do, and long, yellow ringlets down your stuck up back.' The ringlets seem to be the one un forgivable sin. She glares at fhem venegefully as she speaks. ? ' I'm goin' fo pull them out. I never thought I'd have the chance. There ain't nobody here to help or come if you yell. I don't care if they beat me to death, or hang me — I'll pull 'em out!' She springs upon her victim with the leap of a wild cat, and buries her claw- like lingers in the pale gold of tho clustering hair. There is no mistaking her meaning — she fully intends it. Her fierce eyes blaze with a baleful fire. And now, indeed, Olga finds hervoice, and it rings out shrill, pealing, agonized. ' Papa ! papa ! Oh, papa !' ' Hi !' answers a Bharp vcica. Then a sharper whistle cuts the air. ' Hi' ! Who's that P Call again !' ' Papa ! papa ! papa .'' There is a crashing among the trees, and not a second too soon. With a violent push, and an oath, this diaboli cal Little Barefoot flings her victim from her, and leaps away into the dark ness with the fleetness of a fawn. 