ACT A POP U LI. By The Flaneur. The time was when people used to remark in a semi- complaining sort of way that Christmas came but once a year. Now, however, this trouble is in creased by Premier Reid's awful threat that unless Parliament livens up and clears off its work, Christ mas this year will not come at all. ' ' We are going to carrv out our programme or something? will have to give way,' says our doughty dapper little Premier ; and this gives rise to a sudden serious thought : Suppose that the 'something' which must give way turns out to be the Government itself ! It is part of the Premier's hopeful optimistic nature to always look well ahead and to calculate on a rise instead of a fall ; a matter which reminds me that in this respect he is not unlike a certain sinful citizen of Aberdeen who built a gorgeous mausoleum for himself and his family, sparing no expense, and taking ^particular care that the workmen didn't ' straighten their backs ' too often or ring in any rotten 'jerry' work. One day as he was trotting off to gloat over this palatial structure he met a worthy elder of the Kirk, and of course asked him if he had seen the braw new vault. ' Ou, aye,' was all the answer he got ; but not being satisfied with that, he began to explain the beauties of the concern, and wound up by observing — ' I tell 'ee, yon's a reet gay place ! It'll take a mon a' his time to rise oot o' yon place at the last day.' 'Mon!' replied the disgusted elder, ' dinna gie yersel ony trouble calculatin' aboot yer risin' at the last day. There'll be no risin' for ye at all. The deil will simpla tak' the' bottom oot o' yer vault and let ye gang doon !' In like manner there is real danger now that instead of mounting on high over the wreck of an abolished Christmas-tide our .too-sanguine Premier may find that the deil, represented by Parkes, will simply knock the bottom out of his political' plat- form and let him ' gang doon ' to the cold shades of the Opposition benches once again. This is no idle fear, for by virtue of the magic power I possess I recently precipitated my astral body into a quiet nook of the Parliamentary Chambers, and while there, in my invisible shape, I saw a young Northern member who has been quietly hewing his way to the front of late, grovelling before Panjan drum Parkes, and I heard him say : ' I thank you very much for your kind letter, Sir Henry, but I think you flattered me rather too much. However, coming to matters of far greater importance, Sir Henry, can't you make up your mind to meet Sir George Dibbs at the 'Australia' and discuss the situation ? ' For a few moments the Great Mokanna twiddled his thumbs in silent thought, and then he said — ' No, Hi couldn't do that. You see we might not hagree. Hand, whatever 'appens, remember this, Hi must be at the 'ead of haffairs. Hi must lead. Ii would nfivfvr allmv sinv narf.v t.n stand hfihinri nnrl push me halong a track Hi didn't want to travel. Still Hi don't mind meetin' Sir George hacciden tally in a friendly way, at Morton's.' ' Very well, Sir Henry,' replied the gushing go-between. 'I will see what can be done, but we must keep very quiet. By the way, I see Gardiner still votes against the Government ; what does he mean by that?' 'Hi don't think he means hany thing at all,' said the political patriarch; 'hanyway, Hi'm the one to look to.'' Then he gave the young man his blessing and the latter hurried away to convey the glad tidings to an|ex-Treasu'rei'r who said — 'See that this does not reach the ears of the long-tongues. All is going well, but for the present we must dissemble. See ? Reid was right when he said 'something must give way.' He'll hear something drop'presently, and when the row is over he'll find that the Coalition Government is on top.' Just here a great tumult arose, angry men called fiercely to each other to * come outside,' and fearing that my astral body might be grabbed and shaken out of its shoes and stockings, I whistled it away to con sort with the congenial spirits of the refreshment room arcana. The above is substantially true, and ifc seem.3 to show that the Freetrade rats are preparing to clear out from Captain Reid's vessel, and that a deal of ' compulsory conciliation ' has been brought about since the night when Parkes, piqued at beiig thrown over the Freetrade bridge, bitterly said : ' I peak as one who has been betrayed ! ' A precious nice old party he is to accuse any one of betrayal, for if the shades of all whom he betrayed iu his time haunted the House (as Cobden's shade was said to have haunted the House of Commons), the Speaker would have to hang out a notice proclaiming there was ' standing room only.' Apropos to which a good and true story is told of ' Little' Bailey, who after returning from his £300 lecturing tour in England said to a friend, 'That fellow Parkes is the personification of ingratitude. Look at the shameful way he treated Me and Edward Butler.' Dr. Camidge, the AnglicanBishop of Bathurst, has just returned from his apostolic lecturing tour in England, during the course of which he advised the country chaw-bacons to lay up treasures for them selves in the shape of Sydney land, which would return 500 per cent, profit in a few years' time, and now he accuses Cardinal Moran of being ' content to harp upon the single string of Henry VIII. being the founder of the Church of England.' Well, by way of a change, I will now twang another string, and declare that the Protestant religion in England owed its preservation to the assassination of Darnley, the husband of Mary Queen of Scots. Who killed Darnley is a matter of considerable doubt. All that I know about the slaughter is that I didn't kill him, and I am willing to acquit Dr. Camidge of any share in the gory business also — unless he preached Darnley to death, in a pievious incarnation. The fact remains, however, that Darnley was killed, and his murder propped up the falling fortunes of the Protestant faith in England. The Scotch in their mad excitement believed that Mary was mixed up in her husband's ' removal,' and rising against her, they drove her from the throne. Had Mary remained Queen of- Scotland* her son James would have been reared in her own religion, and a succession of Catholic Stuart kings in both England and Scotland, backed up by the tremendous power of Spain, would have crushed the Reformation in both kingdoms, Darnley's murder was the trump-card Queen Bess held up her sleeve, and by playing it at the proper time for all that it was worth she euchred her rival Mary, secured the crown, and preserved the Protestant faith of her adulterous father. Adultery and assas sination are not the cleanest props a religious belief can have, but they certainly gave a strong support to the faith professed by Dr. Camidge. This is a new string, too ; how does the Doctor like the tune played upon it ? It has long been a matter of stock complaint with globe-trotters and the like that the people of Aus' tralia have no taste for the fine arts, but it is evi dent now that some of our enterprising newspaper proprietors have determined to alter that. Not con tent with the wondrous works of the pictorial art that adorn our weekly journals, the spirited managers of our daily papers frequently unloose their special artists and astonish the world with sketches drawninastyle which neither an Apelles ora Raphael ever dreamt of. The Daisy Telegraph, for example, recentlypresentedits patrons. with a dainty drawing of a volunteer encampment in which the warriors, horses, tents, and everything else con nected with the shivoo were turned up3ide down. In the way of receiving a foe this would be a decidedly novel manoeuvre to execute, and possibly it would be of some use too, for there is a story told of a converted circus-man who, while engaged in African missionary pursuits, was chased by a lion, and just as all hope had left him, he suddenly remembered his old calling, and turning round he stood on his head and shouted circus gags at his hungry .pursuer. This unusual spectacle so startled the lion that he ran away howling, evidently filled with the very natural fear that a man who couLl upend himself in that fashion would make a dange rous meal for the strongest stomach going. Til f.Tip nnmp tnsiie t.Vifi TTnvrcmrAPTT p.mvml juris savagely that some unscrupulous news-agents sur reptitiously leave copies of the S. M. Herald in places where only the Daily Telegraph is required, and then in a fine burst of unconscious but scathing humour the Lynotype luminary goes on to say, ' We shall be glad if any of our readers who may have been similarly victimized will com municate with our manager without delay.' Vic timized, in connection with this matter, is distinctly good, and when the 'Herald has finished replying to certain strictures passed on its doubtful English by the editor o£ the ' Shin Fat Loong,' or new Chinese paper, it will probably ' congratulate' those favoured persons who ordered a trashy Telegraph and received an invaluable Herald instead. Editing a penny daily will soon ba as demoralizing as holding a seat in P&rliarnent; itself. The illustrated weeklies also seem determined to spare no expense in the way of producing startling illustrations, for the Town and Country Journal has just turned out an alleged portrait of the 'little galloping-machine,' Paris, which is so skilfully drawn that ifc would, with very little touching- up, do for the representation of any racehorse in the world — Paris alone excepted. Possibly it is a spook photograph, of Balaam's ass, with the ears and a few other points tonod down, and the 'block,' having dine such valuable service for the great Heatonic weekly, should now receive a well-earned rest and ae kept under a glass case in the Sydney Museurr. Of the photos of public persons that appear in our illustrated papers from time to time charity forbids us to speak, but there is a good story told of a lady who once received a note from the editor of a certain weekly, saying that he was about to publish a series of portraits of celebrated women, and they would be thankful for a photograph of herself. Not a little flattered, the lady chose her most bewitching pose, had her portrait taken, and sent the card along as requested. Nothing more was heard of the matter, but in a month or so the lady happened to receive some groceries rolled up in a sheet of miserable badly-printed country paper, and in the very centre of the page she saw her precious portrait with the words 'She Poisoned Her Hus band ' printed in large type underneath. The lady in question never had a husband to poison after the Needle fashion, or even in the legalized form of bad cookery, but a gentleman friend called on the editor and demanded an ex planation. That worthy wielder of the Archi medean lever that moves the world promptly acknowledged that he hadn't the ghost of an idea whose portrait it was that he had used, and then he went on to say, ' We had a pizen unpleasantness in this town and I had a woman's photo in stock, and there you are — the whole thing is accounted for at once. A good-looking woman like that gives inter est to a pizening case, and so I just stuck your friend in. Denied funny that she should get it from the grocery man, was it not ?' 'The fun is not very apparent to her,' said the visitor, 'but where did you get the picture?' ' Where did I get the cut ?' replied the scissors wielder, ' Oh I buy lots of them cheap after they have been used by the city papers. Of course well known people keep their own names, but in buying a second-hand heap of portrait-blocks, you gene rally get a lot of other cuts that come handy for anything that turns up. And so that lady is a friend of yours ? Well, now, I guesa it must have kinder shocked a few in her town when they saw she had been givin' the old man arsenic in his soup, hey ? However, it's no use denyin' it now. That would only make the matter worse. People woul 1 say you came along to square me. Better let the whole thing stand as it is ; and look here, I'll- give you the woodcut, so that you can depend your lady friend won't cut any more capers on the quiet.'' That candid confession leads up to an awful thought. Can it be possible that any spirited newspaper pro prietor here has agents in other cities who buy up job-lots of blocks on the off-chance of their ' coming in handy for anything that turns up ?'' Everyone knows the kind of animal the law is} and the asinine nature of the pranks it plays from time to time. One of the strangest of these freaks has just been reported from the teetotally ruined district, Mildura, whsre a storekeeper was hauled along to the judgment-seat dn a charge of acting in collusion with a Melbourne firm and smuggling in a case, of whisky with intent to spread the spirit among the people. As the culprit had been in the act of filling the flowing bowl for a customer he de cided to cut the trouble short by pleading guilty and requesting the Court to name the amount of the fine. The Court, however, insisted on hearing the evi dence, and then in some extraordinary fashion came to the conclusion that the said evidence did not sustain the charge, and although the unfortunate storekeeper persisted in declaring he was guilty the Bench ruled he was not, and the case was accord ingly dismissed. Now the Customs authorities have appealed against the magistrate's decision and the uilucky oSender is to be brought before the Supreme Court to show cause why he should not pay the fine that the Mildura magistrate would not allow him to pay. The result is he now stands a first- class even-money chance of being potted for £50 and barristers' coats, for the Supreme Court is not a matter to be fooled with ; but had the local court accepted his plea £10 would have squared all the trouble and that could have been made up by a, few judicious sales during the Bame week. Evi dently the law is a terror to evil-doers and it is cap able of scaring quite a number of just men as well. 