The Cock-lane Ghost. No London ghost lias enjoyed greater fame than the one which Walpole ' went to hear' in 1762. 'We set out from the opera,' he says, ' changed our clothes at Northumberland House. The Duke of York, Lady Northumberland, Lady Mary Coke, Lady Hertford, and I, all in a hackney coach, drove to the spot. It raiiied in torrents ; yet the lane was full of mob, and the houses full. We could not get in. At last they discovered it was the Duke of York ; and the com pany squeezed themselves into one another's pockets to make for us. The house, which is borrowed and to which the ghost had adjourned, is wretchedly small and miserable. When we opened the chamlier, in which were 50 people with no light but one tallow candle at the' end, we tumbled over the bed of the child to whom the ghost comes. At the top of the room are ropes to dry clothes. I asked if we were to have rope-dancing between the acts. We heard nothing. We stayed till hnlfau hour after 1. Provisions are sent in like forage, and all the taverns and ale houses in the neighborhood make for tunes.' The pretence was that the spirit of a murdered woman appeared to a girl, and by knocks nnd scratches answered questions. A bold promise that the ghost would knock on the coffin of the dead woman in the vault under the Church of St. John, Clerkenwell, was put to the test, but silence reigned. From that time the girl was more closely watched, and ultimately she was caught kuocking and scratching upon a board: concealed under her stays. The gentle man charged with the murder instituted legal proceedings against all the parties concerned. A clergyman and tradesman paid several hundred pounds ns damages. The girl, who had no doubt been tutored by her parents, was sent to prison for six months ; her mother undergoing a year's hard; labor, and : her father two years,. The last mentioned was also thrice placed in the pillory nt the end of Cock-lano, but the rabble sympathised with him, and raised a subscription for his benefit. Probable Candipates.— Rumour is busy nt present with the names of probable candidates for the Tweed bye-election, which it- appears is now almost a certainty. The general opinion in Sydney is that Mr. Willard has not a lex to stand on. although we believe our member has a trump card somewhere in his sleeve, with which to euchre his opponents, when the proper time arrives. It is probable, that Messrs. J. P. Oarvan, FraserHill, Holmau. Baker, Nicoll, and Murphy will contest the seat. Among the possibles are Messrs. G. C. Hallidny, N. K. Ewing, J. B. Kelly, (should1 Mr. Gar van not contest, this can didate is a certainty), and J. J. M. Marks. — TweeitHehald. Pybeturum.— Owing to the kindness of Dr. P. Stanich, the woll-known aurist, the Department of Asriculture is in a position to distribute small quantiiies of the seed of this insect destroying plant, which thut gentleman ha) rocently .imported from Dalmatia. This plant , grows readily iu New South Wales, and in addition to being fairly ornamental, may be put to many uses in destroying various kinds of insects. It would be of peculiar value to all persons ?who keep poultry. A small quantity dried aud rubbed small, and placed in the nests, would not only drive out any lice which mijfht bo present, but would also prevent their entrance. With more careful treat ment it becomes a valuable assistant to the housekeeper, ami it has been proved thut a fow plauts among growing roses assist greatly in driving off the numberless in sects which nttuch thomselves to these plants. Iu addition to presenting the seed, Dr. Stanich, will be pleased to give infor mation, regarding the growth and prepar ation to anyone who will call upon him, eithej- at 145, Eliguboth-street, Sydney, or at Peuritb-. . | 