BBOADBEIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. MORE ABOUT DK. TALMAGE. ESTIMATED FORTUNE $300,000. As we glide along towards leafy June, the question which has vexed the Sunday School Union of Brooklyn for more than a generation, of admitting the Sunday School children of the Universalist and Unitarian sects to a share in the general celebration, rises again, like Banquo's ghost and will no?, go down. This is brought more forcibly to my mind that in our Sun day-schools in this city no such general narrow Handedness seems to prevail, since it was only 2 sfc week that the children 1 of the "Unitarian Sunday School Union'' were addressed by the 3&ev.; Dr. Bainsford, of St. George's Episcopal Church, and the Theodore Cuyler of the Presbyterian Church of Brooklyn. Sometimes these denominational differ enee and affiliations are very confusing. In Brooklyn is a popular Catholic clergyman, the pastor of St. Peter's and St. Paul'sj named Father Sylvester Malone. He was a staunch patriot all .through the war; he raised the flag on the spire of liis church when the news flashed over the wires that Sumpter had been fired on, and that flag never came down till" Johnny came march ing home." Asaproofof the high estimation in which be is held by all classes of his fellow citizens, he was recently elected one of the State Regents, although his nomina tion was opposed by Archbishop Corrigan> and he was opposed by. most of the Catho" lies; in the Legislature he received a ma jority of Protestant votes, and was trium phantly elected. This week he was tendered a public reception on the occasion of his seventy-third birthday. One took place at his church and the other atone of the principal theatres. There were present representatives of every (denomination in the city—Jews and Gentiles sat together in loving harmony to do honor to this faithful minister of Christ. " But all clerical or lay receptions given in New York or Brooklyn for many a day were dwarfed into insignificance alongside of that given by the citizens of Brooklyn on May 10, and by the entire nation on Friday, the 11th, to the Kev. T. De Witt Talmage at his beautiful Tabernacle, on the com pletion of the twenty-fifth year of his pastorate in Brooklyn. Like the ovation given to father Malone there was nothing denominational about it; it was as general as the Universal Keligious Congress at Chicago. " Mingled in most admired disorder/' as Shakespeare hath it, weie doctors of national reputation, with brokers from Wall-street, whose names are household words among the money changers of the world. Great jurists who have long been, pillars of the law; merchants whose busi ness is up among the millions, and bankers whose names are sheet anchors of finance, filled the pews and. gave character and tone to the assembly. The most distinguished citizens of Brooklyn were present the first night, and the mayor of the city presided the admission was by card, a very handsome and elaborate affair, and will, no doubt, be kept as souvenirs by the lucky posses sors. On Friday night there was another crush, General Tracy, the late secretary of the navy, presiding. All sorts of pleasant things were said about Dr. Talmage, which were no doubt, very grateful to hear. Dr. Talmage is about to depart on a tour of the world, and from the amount of advertising he has had will, no doubt, make a very pro fitable voyage. He intends to lecture at all the prominent places he touches at, and as his terms are from two to five hundred dollars a lecture, there is little doubt that he will make the journey profitable as well as pleasant. It is a public calamity the burning o Dr. Talmage's Tabernacle, and yet it is worth the cost, if only to prove -how strong is the spirit of Christian fellowship in Brooklyn—though the cost Is otfera million .dollars. The beginning and the end of the new Tabernacle were almost phenomenal The dedication called forth such an assem blage as had never been seen, in any Brooklyn church before. All was happiness, for in the new and bright flush of victory no one thought of the evil days yet to come when creditors would be hunting in vain for their hills, for which, eventually, they were obliged to take twenty-five cents on the dollar. But the clouds that had so long hung over it at last seemed to clear away, and surrounded by admiring friends he was bidding farewell, prior to his tour around the world. Mrs. Talmage who was standing waiting for him saw the fire; yet so rapid were the flames that it was only a few seconds after Mrs. Talmage had called to her husband, who stepped to one side from the spot where he had previously been standing that the great [organ pipes fell, which would havecrushed-himto a jelly. But if the dedication was phenomenal the closing nights of its existence were glorious. It is rarely in the life of any man that an entire city of every religious belief, and of every ^ political character, turn out ett masse to do him honor. Vast as I were the proportions of the Tabernacle, it ; being the Largest Protestant church in the world, it was unable in a single night to hold the crowds that assembled to do him honor, and even on the second night. When the tabernacle was crowded, there were thousands struggling in the streets who were unable to gain admission. The doctor will make his tour, and when he returns he will find another Tabernacle all ready for his use. There is one thing singular in Doctor | Talmage's experience with his churches— all of them have been financially unfor tunate. The last venture, the Tabernacle, being particularly so, but notwithstanding the church's misfortunes, the doctor him self has grown steadily • rich. He ca-je to Brooklyn twenty-five yea^s ago without a dollar, and although living in. handsome style he has contrived e.very year to lay by something over ten thousand dollars; his fortune being estimated at the present time at about three hundred thousand dollars. He goes abroad -with the good wishes of his congregation, and thousands of his friends in and out of Brooklyn, who wish him heartily bon voyage. An entire change in oar manner of living is becoming more manifest every year. It is not >;ng since any fjv-'Iy thought of going in V? the country tall the first of July, but -within the y vst three or four years the season of outing seems *■-> be lengthening, and this year a number of families took their • ' Vt in April and in May; instead °? c r 'y changing their residences in the city, ey give up their home, store their furni( ". 7e, di charge their servants, and by this mean • save the entire Expense of their summer outing. How about starting houpek:«p;ng when the summer is over? Easy enongj—the multiplication of flat or apartment houses, as they call them, enables moderate family to get along with a single servant, and servants are always in plenty in the city at the close of the sum mer season. • Economy in living is going to be the order of the day; we have been living too fast and too high. It has brought merchants and bank cashiers to grief, and others out of number, till .the absolute necessity of retrenchment is forced upon us, and no one fojls ashamed of it, for every body is in the same boat. There are plenty of people ui these apartment houses whose income is from five to twenty thousand - dollars a year, who entertain handsomely, and who, if they were housekeeping, would spend from twenty to thirty thousand dol lars a year; but in the apartment house j we get off with half that sum: Besid; i eveiy other advantage,' Bridget is no longer a necessity to keep yfijir town house for three months, and who entertains her police friends and her newlyairrired' relations from "The Ould Dart," anil is hereby enabled to give the new comers a favorable impression of this great and" glorious republic. All this is clear gain, and they start in the fall with a clear trial balance. For a week or two they go to a hotel—then they look around for a house—when they have found what they require they send to the st^ra?e warehouse for their furniture, and advertise for a servant. Be sure and do not pay the slightest attention to any advertisements that are headed " No cards answered." If in reply to your advertise ment you find any of your applicants who merely left their noble relatives and the castle in which they were born for the benefit of their health, pass them on their way 5 you have no use for them, and you have saved the first three months1 rent of housekeeping*. People with money are beginning to realise that lavish display is vulgar and shoddy, and the dol lars alone will not give a man social posi tion. On Monday the town was startled by the news that Richard Croker, the Grand Saga more of Tammany, had found his health so impaired by excessive ."labor, that he was compelled to ask his associates for some one to assist him in the arduous labors of bis office. The great body of good demo crats had scarcely time^ to recover from ■ their surprise, when tKey were almost paralyzed by the intelligence that he had suddenly resigned, and stepped down and out forever. It is not often, in this world, that a man willingly lays down imperial power j but to Mr. Crocker's credit be it said, that his abdication was against the earnest protest of every one of his col leagues inpower. Whatever the opinion of his enemies may be, there is no question but he has a firm hold on the affection of his friends, and not without good cause. When John Kelly, wrecked and broken-hearted, lay down to die nine years ago, it rested with him to; name the man who should take up the ceptre which he laid down. There were many aspirants for the vacant throne ; but oue towered-afeove 4he rest* aoA~ that was Richard Croker. M was strange that it should be so, for he was iiot a man apparently to make friends, he had not the snavity of John Kelly, but he was a fighter and that was what Tammany Hall at that time needed more than anything else. When John Kelly assumed command, all the deadly sin - of the Tweed King had to be atoned for, and the name Tammany was a stench in the nostrils of the people. The Cotritr Democracy, under the lead of Hubert O. Thompson, with the cry of Demo cratic reform had grasped all the offices of the city, and at the State convention which nominated. Governor Robinson, it was a" question if Tammany Hall was to be allowed a representation. It was then that John Kelly turned;-upon his hunters, took, an independent domination for Gover nor, and drew off enohgh of votes from the Democratic.tieketto,elect Governor Cornell the Republican. . When John Kelly died he left Tammany^Hilfcgrtlrroundd by power ful enemies thirSOT^ for her blood. But the.. County Democracy with its cry of Reform soon became as more rotfen than Tammany Hall had ever been under Tweed. The exposure of the Broadway Railroad steal made the Board of Aldermen with two exceptions f •• itives from, justice," and the m jjority of t' em. found homes in Canada for several years after. Hubort O. Thomp son, the leader,-was found dead in his bed one morning, and whether he died a natural death or by his own hand has never been settled to this day. Here was Richard Crocker's oppoitunity, and the man was ready for the occasion,— , what troops he had wejre all fighting men. j and every man was in fteshting order, With him there must I i no^ietakes; like Napoleon, he treated a mistake as a crime punishments were swift, bnt ho swifter than 'rewards, and it soon became evident to every brave within the wigwam that a Great Chief was in command. Contrary to all precedent he consulted no one, he asked no advice—there was no conflict in his council, all bad to obey. For many of the i gre^t .wardleaders; this state of affairs was extremely hUmiUfa^g,%'dtf,¥H6rever t$ete was open rebellion the" rebels were merci lessly struck down and others put in their. places. The effect of this discipline soon became manifest—stronghold after strong hold was wrested from the enemy, and years from the time Richard Croker assumed command, the entire city of New York was controlled by Tammany HalL It may not have been -and is not an. ideal Government. The man who ten years, ago had hardly a dollar to his name, by politics alone has male himself a millionaire; but the city government has been better than it was under any of his predecessors for twenty years, and has been freer from flagrant scandals which made the name of New York democracy a byword and a re proach. It is with genuine sorrow that Tammany parts with its -successful leader, and while we hope for" better things, we hope that his successor may be no worse than Richard Croker. 