KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR "PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER II.—(Continued.) Peter Dangerfield, looking desperately in earnest very, very yellow, and, with folded arms, stood glaring at her in an uncommonly, savage way for so tender a declaration. ''I beg your pardon, Peter, but I can't help it. The idea of marrying you—only five feet five inches, and an attorney, and my first cousin ! First cousins should never marry, you know. What would papa say, you silly little boy, if he could hear this?' ''My uncle knows,'' the young man answered, with sullen anger; "I spoke to him a month ago.'' Miss Dangerfield opened her big, gray eyes. '' Oh, you did ? That's what he meant, then, that morning after the concert. I remember ; he tried to plead your cause. And you spoke to him first; and you're a lawyer, and know no better than that ! No, Peter; it is not possible. You're a nice little fellow, and I think a great deal of you; and I'd do almost anything you wanted me, except — marry you. That's a little too much, even for such good nature as mine.'' ''Then I'm to consider myself rejected ?'' ''Now, Peter, don't put on that ill-tempered face ; it quite spoils your good looks, and you know you have none to spoil — spare, I mean. 'Well, yes, then ; I am afraid you must consider yourself rejected. I really should like to oblige you in this matter, but you perceive I can't. Come, let us make it up — I'm not angry — and take me back to the drawing-room for my dance. It is a sin to lose such music as that.'' '' In one moment, Katherine. Will you answer me this, please ? Is it for Gaston Dantree I am refused ?'' ''Cousin Peter, I shall lose my temper if you keep on. If there was no Mr. Dantree in the case, I should reject you all the same. You're very well as a first cousin ; as a husband— excuse me ! I wouldn't marry you if you were the only man left in the world, and the penalty of refusing you be to go to my grave an old maid. Is that answer decisive enough?'' '' Very nearly ! Thank you for your plain speaking, Kathie.'' He was very white with suppressed anger. 'But lest we should misunderstand each other in the least, won't you tell me whether or no Mr. Dantree is to be future lord of Scarswood Park ? Because, in that case, for the honour of the family, I should endeavour to discover the gentleman's antecedents. A classic profile and a fine voice for singing may be sufficient virtues in the eyes of a young lady of seventeen, but I'm afraid they will hardly satisfy the world or Sir John.'' ''For the world I don't care that ! For Sir John, whatever makes me happy will satisfy him. I am trying to keep my temper, Peter, but don't provoke me too far — it isn't safe. Will you, or will you not, take me out for the dance ? I am not accustomed to ask favours twice.'' How queeny she says it — the heiress of Scars- wood ! His passion was not to be restrained now. ''And it is for this Yankee singing man — this needy adventurer — this negro minstrel in his own land, that I am cast off ?'' She whirled round upon him in a storm of sudden fury, and made to step toward him. But rage lent him courage ; he stood his ground. ''You little wretch !'' cried Miss Dangerfield, ''how dare you stand there and say such things to me? How dare vou call Gaston Dantree an adven- turer ? You, who would not presume to call your soul your own in his presence! Negro minstrel, indeed ! You wretched little attorney ! One should be a gentleman to judge gentlemen. That's why Mr. Dantree is beyond your judgment! Don't ever speak to me again. Your very offer is an insult. To think that I —I would ever marry you, a little, rickety dwarf." And then dead silence fell. I don't uphold this heroine of mine — her temper is abominable, I'll allow ; but the moment the last words passed her lips her heart smote her. Peter Dangerfield stood before her white as death, and trembling so that he was forced to grasp a gilded flower-stand for support. ''Oh, Peter! I am sorry!'' she cried out, ''I didn't mean that! — I didn't! I didn't! — forgive it — forget it— my temper is horrible —I'm a wretch ; but you know, suffering a slight relapse,''it was all your own fault. Shake hands, cousin ; and oh, do— do— -do forget my wicked words!'' But he drew back from the outstretched hands, smiling a ghastly smile enough. ''Forget them ? Certainly, Cousin Katherine ! I'm not the sort of fellow to bear spite. You're very good and all that ; but if it's all the same to you I'll not shake hands. And I won't keep you from dancing that quadrille any longer. I'll not be your partner — I don't dance as well as Mr. Dan- tree, and I see him coming this way now. Excuse me for having troubled you about this presumptuous love of mine; I won't do it again.'' Then he turned away ; and Gastou Dantree, looking like a picture in a frame, stood in the rose- wreathed entrance arch. ''I am sorry, and I have apologised,'' Katherine said, coldly, "I can do more.'' ''No more is needed. Pray don't keep Mr. Dantree waiting. And I would rather he did not come in here just now.'' ''Come, Kathie,'' Mr. Dantree called, softly. It had come to that, then; it was 'Kathie' and ' Gaston; He saw him draw her hand under his arm as one having the right, whisper something in her ear that brightened her face with sunshine, and lead her away. Peter Dangerfield stood alone. He watched them quite out of sight — his teeth set, his face perfectly colourless, and a look in his small eyes bad to see. '' I have read of men who sold their souls to the devil for a price,'' he said, between his set teeth. '' I suppose the days for such bargains are over, and souls are plentiful enough in the kingdom of his dark majesty, without paying a farthing. But if those days could come again, and Satan stood beside me, I would sell my soul now for revenge on you!" ''Are you sure you have one to sell?' a clear, sharp voice close behind him said. ''I never thought lawyers were troubled with those inconvenient appendages— hearts and souls. Well, if you have, keep it; it's of no use to me. And I'm not Satan, either, but yet I think for a fair price I can give you your revenge." He whirled round with a stifled exclamation, and saw at his elbow— Mrs. Vavasor. CHAPTER III. AMONG THE ROSES. She stood beside him, her ceaseless smile at its brightest on her small face, looking like some little female Mephistopheles come to tempt a modern Faust. He put up his eye-glass to look at her. What a gorgeous little creature she was! It was his first thought. In the dim yellow light of the conservatory, the amber silk glittered with its pristine lustre, the yellow roses she wore made such an admirable foil to her dead black hair. ''What the deuce brings me here ? Don't trouble yourself to ask the question, mon ami; your face asks it for you. ''I've been eavesdropping,'' in her airiest tone ; ''not intentionally, you understand,'' as the young man continued to stare speechlessly at her through his eye- gclass. ''Entering the conserva- tory by the merest chance, I overheard Miss Dangerfield's last words to you ; 'a little more than kin, and less than kind,' were they not ? Permit me to congratulate you, Mr. Dangerfield. '' ''Congratulate me !'' Mr. Dangerfield repeated, dropping his double-barrelled eye-glass, and glower- ing vengefully at the fair creature by his side. ''In Heaven's name, on what ?'' '' On having escaped becoming the husband of a termagant. Believe me, not even Scarswood and eight thousand a year would counterbalance so atrocious a temper as that.'' ''Eight thousand a year would counterbalance with me even a worse temper than that, Mrs. Vavasor,'' the lawyer answered, grimly. '' I am onlv sorry I am not to have the opportunity of try ing. Once my wife, I think I could correct the acidity of even Katherine Dangerfield's temper and tongue.'' ''No, you could not. Petruchio himself would fail to tame this shrew. You see, Mr. Dangerfield, I speak from experience. I know what kind of blood flows in our spirited Katherine's veins.'' ''Very good blood, then, I am sure; very good tempered, too, in the main — at least, on the father's side.'' ''Ah! On the father's side.'' The sneer with which this was said was indescribable. ''May I ask if you knew her mother, Mr. Dangerfield ?' ''Certainly I did. A deucedly fine woman, too, and as amiable as she was handsome. Colonel Dangerfield — Sir John was colonel then — married a Miss Lascelles, and Katherine was born in this very house, while they were making their Christmas visit. You may have known her father and mother — you certainly seem to know Sir John suspiciously well — but don't tell me Katherine took her tantrums from either of them — I know better.'' Mrs. Vavasor listened quietly, adjusting her bracelets, and burst out laughing when he ceased. ''I see you do— you know all about it. How old was Katherine when her father and mother left England for India ?'' ''Two or three years, or thereabouts. It seems to me — being so well acquainted, and all that, as you say — you ought to know yourself. Was it in England or India you came to know the governor so well ?'' ''In neither, Mr. Dangerfield.'' ''Or does your acquaintance extend only to the baronet ! Gad ! he looked looked like an incarnate thundercloud when presenting you. His remem- brances of you must be uncommonly pleasant ones, I should say. Did you know the late Mrs. Colonel Dangerfield, Mrs. Vavasor ?'' ''I knew the late Mrs. Colonel Dangerfield, Mr. Dangerfield.'' ''And yet you say Katherine takes her temper from her mother. My late aunt-in-law must have greatly changed, then, from the time I saw her last.'' '' I repeat it,'' Mrs. Vavasor said, tapping her fan. ''Katherine inherits her most abominable temper from her mother, the only inheritance her mother ever left her. And she looks like her — wonderfully like her — so like,'' Mrs. Vavasor repeated in a strange, suppressed voice, '' that I could almost take her for a ghost in pink gauze.'' ''Like her mother!'' cried Peter Dangerfield. ''I beg your pardon, Mrs. Vavasor, but you must be dreaming. She is no more like her mother than I am. The late Mrs. Dangerfield was a hand- some woman.' ''Which our spirited heiress never will be. I agree with you, Mr. Dangerfield ; and yet you told me you were in 'love with her, and wanted to marry her. (To be continued.) 