ROUND THE TOWN Some time ago the 'Age' wrote an article on tbe duties of an art critic. Well, it all depends, I suppose, upon what one considers is art. If the writer were to look into the reason of a good many criticisms he would find the tenor all depended en the size of the advertisement or the printing matter ordered. A fanny incident in this respect happened sometime ago. A show wbb announced and a certain scribe praised it up sky high. The affair happened to be a frost and the poor deluded printer was nearly done out of his money, and oh ! my ! you should have seen the report then. It was another case of two faces. It was no doubt with a tinge of regret that John Turner penned bis resignation to the Council, for he dearly loves a title. We al! sym pathize with a man when, misfortune comes, but let us hope this will have a little softening effect, and that th&re; will not be in the future so much of that overeening egotism,; for it is aseless men thinking they are gods, and that all wisdom is wrapt up in one little cranium. * The Friendly Societies' demon stration was a mighty big success, but I did not see the member for Prahran there. He'll be all there by and by when he wants the votes, oh, dear, yes ! he will find time to come then, but never mind, it will be the members' turn Again, and when the numbers are up, ah ! then wait and see and there'll be a big surprise. * Consistency, thou art a jewel! and oh ! what must the supporters of the Williams-road bridge think of John Turner's address to the electors. He won't go for it anymore. Why? Because the whole of Toorak is against it, and Johnny knew he had'nt a ghost of a show, if he still advocated his pet. Artemns Ward once said ' he had'nt any principles, he wor in tbe show biziness ' and at election times there are a good many ^rtenauses. * If there is not sonic plain speaking at tbe next meeting of the Prahran Board of Advice then there ought to be, for the action taken by tbe secre tary of the St. Kilda Board is a pretty piece of business. If a man j a mips a claim on a mining field it is rally enquired into, and to take credit for another man's brains is anotiier way of jumping a claim. Lounger. 