CURRENT NOTES. Wu are relieved for the present from the stress of active politics, but even the customary joys and jollities of the so-calied festive season will not serve to divert the mind of that conscieutious individual the average man, from the trouble that is looming in the near future. Theie is considerable speculation a9 to what will really liappen when the Upper House comes to deal with the dual tax Bill, and the opinion amongst" those who oudit to know is that the Council will stand to its colours, and cast out the celebrated measure. "Taxeb" George —a near relation presumably to the notorious "Texas Bill'—who has doffed for the time his character of " the amiable brigand," and gone in for a little piracy on the high seas, hopes to board the good ship Council and carry off the spoils. He has arranged his plan of attack with the cunning of an old salt, so as to leave his victims 110 opening for retreat, and little chance of defending their properties, as he thinks, but the Council has "been there before," and is prepared to risk much and perform more in defence of its principles, and of the rights of those people whose bulwark it is. "Taxes" George has a doughty crew composed largely of the natural enemies of the intended victims. Animated by the spirit that is bottled and dispensed by 11 notable house in Lygon-street, they advance to the struggle with the keenest zest. They have exhausted their eloquence in endeavouring to teach tlie people that this is not piracy, but patriotism, and such of the people as huld to the comfortable theory that patriotism is taxing the other fellow applaud their ideas and heart them on; but the solid opinion of the country is against spoliation as a general thing, and the Council will not be without a substantial backing when the fight conieb off, if it is really to be war • • * Having been denied the opportunity of amending, altering or improving the double tax Bill, the Legislative Council is left only the option of swallowing the bitter pill or casting it out holusbolus ; and, in all probability, the latter is what will be done—a probability tliat is full of promise of an exceedingly lively time between our two Houses. A deadlock on the top of our other troubles at this juncture is not a consummation devoutly to be wished ; but if the members of the Upper House see no other way of doing what they conceive to be their duty to their constituents even so direful a contingency will have to bo faced and fought out. Tn the event of the present taxation Bill being re- by the Legislative Council it will in all likelihood be tacked on to the Appropriation Bill by "Taxes" George, who, believing that the Trades Hall sentiment is tlie sentiment of the country, will be prepared to go to any extreme to " get at " the class who will be bled by his dual tax. Then the fun will begin in real earnest. These are gloomy prognostications, but not unreasonable in view of the very decided enmity to the Government measure held by the Council and its constituents, and of the fact that the Government, even though its support is waniii" rapidly, will never consent to haul down T,s black flag. THJJ proposals of the Government to further reduce "the expenditure of the Education Department by £100,000 is widely popular. ' " It is generally admitted that there is scope throughout the workings of the State school systeni' for extensive savings, and for reforms that will 111 largely au^iucuu augment the LUU very J trifling LLIHUI^ of this Department. Tlie State has been n the past altogether too lavish in its desire to educate the multitude up to a high standard, The immense enthusiasm created at the time of the establishment of the system was a long time cooling, but now, whilst there does not remain an" enemy of the idea of free and compulsory education worth considering, there is yet a strong and growing feeling that we have quite overshot the mark, and increased the costliness of the system to a sum that should satisfy tho reasonable requirements of a community as big again as this ot Victoria. Hut those people who, in their eagerness to retrench and retrench again in Mr Peacock s Department, endeavour to justify their opinions by abusing the State schools and belittl:ni the work done in them, know very little about the matter, or are careless whether they deal with facts or otherwise so long as they make the desired point. * * * * The depression has served to make many friends for our State schools amongst that class which in better days «as most warmly opposed , t0 t h T <> f ™ " le ets with people who, having been compelled by stress of circumstances withdraw their children from private schools and colleges and send them to the public schools, are now loud ill tbeir praiso of the latter, and very much surprised to find their boys and girls progressing ill their studies much more rapidly than they did at the costly.aqd exclusive i establislunents. The reason is obvious. The teachers at the State schools are all taught teachers-- they are trained to teach the young idea bow to shoot, whereas many of the teachers at the private schools and seminaries, althijugh, perhaps, vastly superior to those in the public schools in the matter of learning, are yet unable to impart their knowledge in such a manner as to be readily seized upon by the youthful mind It was largely prejudice that kept many of the people of the more wellto-do- class from sending their boys to be educated iu the common schools. Some little experience of the schools abolishes this prejudice, and creates iu its place a wholesome respect for the schools and the teachers. At the , same time it is felt that too much is expected from the State in this particular, and that such parents as can afford to keep their children at school after a certain age, say twelve, or after a certain standard has been attained, should be called upon to pay a special fee to cover the cost entailed, whilst such people as desire to turn the State schools into nurseries by bundling oft comparative babies to be a nuisance to t/ie teachers should also have to pay an amount representing the sum they save by dispensing with the services of nursery maids. SOUTH AUSTK U.U takes the lead: cmparatively, Victoria is in the political Warl; whilst her little sister is many centuries ahead. enjoying the light. The extent of .1 nations civilisation may be judged by lis manner 01 treating its women, , and, judged accordingly^ we are barely civilised here in Victoria, whilst New nlightenj — Australia lias attained . , Zealand has progressed greatly in the raent, and South zenith of moral progress. U can no lurttiu go , it has reached that proud eminence 111 "my-iet the Adult Suffrage Bill. It »as BX 1 >L ' C , „ S. A., whose legislators delight to mooei wo.10- from political zero to the fulness of power. In the South Australian concession there are no reservations, woman iB man's equal in all political respects, and in all probability the next general election will witness the return of Mesdames Brown, .lones and Robinson, M. P.'s, to the Legislative Assembly. This is sudden, but it must be remembered that although petticoats were rigidly excluded from the House, South Australia has never lacked a pro- nouiiced old woman faction in its Assembly, selves on thi se of the land of the Maori and the MM, would have conferred the franchise upon the women of the colony, but in their excess of zeal they have outstripped their teachers and extended to the ladies the doubtful privilege of siting in Parliament and revelling in the honour and glory, likewise the misrepresentation and abuse, with which the conscientious Parliamentarian is always rewarded by a grateful people and a patriotic Press. . * * • * * \\\ e have been assured again and again that tile great female heart of the country was aching for the boon conferred upon it by the .South Australian Assembly, but. were unable to believe the assurance, not being inclined to accept the aching at second hand, and never having discovered a suspicion of it ourselves. We have heard a few advanced ladies asserting with saddening iteration that their sex as a whole wasi" just mad "to figure inpolitics, in equality with man, but we do not find the wives and mothers of the country troubling their heads about the matter. Never was a reform of such moment so easily won or so lightly given, Before winning manhood suffrage the men had to fight their way up to it by slow and welldefined stages, qualiiying for the privilege as they contested for it ; but with scarcely an effort beyond the shrill outcries of a few assertive women afflicted with a weakness for "spouting" in piililic the sex in S.A. has seized upon the suffrage, and sprung at a single bound and, therefore, the change will not be so startling, and may even be for the better, since we may take it for granted that Mrs. BrowD, SI.P., Mrs. Jones, M.P., Mrs. Robinson, M,P., will at least have the advantage of comparative youth. * * * * To be sure the New Woman in Adelaide is jubilant ; she has Gi'erythiiiL' to gain and little to lose. It is to her oratorical efforts and powers of agitation that the reform, or revolution, is due, and now her aim is almost gained—it will be quite accomplished when she has a seat in Parliament and is drawing the pay. It will be those ladies who have been loudest iu demanding woman's rights who will be first to be returned as M.P.'s, if any, and the prospect is not reassuring, these women, as a class, arc very fond of generalities, and call talk against time in a fine large way 011 the justice of their cause, the evils of drink, and the necessity of putting down immorality—all sufficiently wide questions that have puzzled the best statesmanship of our time. But when it comes to the matter of effecting their object by legislative methods, man quakes, and expects a millennium disguised and run by the .Stigginses and Chadb'.nds of the community. The female reformer t'akL Z naturally to the irrational theories of the m»i1 saints in broadcloth-who would make Vaitl into heaven by imprisoning all sinners-as a duckling takes to water and the efforts of -i Parliament containing a number of the«e excessively good ladies to abolish intemperance and wipe out the social evil are sure to be drastic and are certain of defeating their object Vic' toria does not envy Sister South Australia her advancement, and will be content to bide a woe and profit b\ her experience although it must be admitted that we never' know what the excessive gallantry of our politicians may rush us into during the next fen' months "" ANOTHER batch of Chinese ..flicers have been arrested for cowardice and forwarded to beidquarters in China evidently because til-it' is where the unfortunates lose their heads. Certainly the poor Confucian man of blood and iron who is called there to answer for his crime in neglecting to overcome a superior power has invariably to return without his head or to remain there if he is a sensitive man and reluctant to appear there minus his brain'nan We are about tired of the Eastern w'ar considered seriously. It would have inauc an excellent Chrisf mas pantomime had any of our oWrq.rcaciirsliad t he enterprise to brin" out all the humours of t|le tliin<', but as a serious matter it is a ghastly failure, and beneath consideration. The Imperial Chow is evidently a childish and misguided monarch, who imagines that battle ate to be won by force of imprecation* or throiiuh the intervention of one of the little potteiy or stuffed gods of his people ; and when the curses fail aluJ tj10 are keeping and refuse to awaken to the seriousness of the situation nothing remains but to cut off somebody's head-anybody's liead but the eiu-my's. When ihe returns finally come in we ventuie to predict it will be found that the bulk of the Chinese killed werede.'.troyediiotbyjapane.'-e' snees,"but by Chinese Impel ial edicts. '1 lie Chinese authorities have mown iff heads in a most improvident 111:1111.er•, and it only remains for the few pigtailed authorities who sti'" ;ive to be decapitated by order of the son of the Sun, Moon and Stars, and then for the latter to emulate Gilbert's Lord High Kxecutioner and "cut his own off" to complete the farce. When tho boss Chinaman in any Department can do nothing else to advertise his zeal he can always cut a head oil', and as heads are the cheapest commodity in China 110 remarks are made. As previously intiipated, the .lap- Chow has served to lay an Australian bogey we feared—the heathen Chinee. At one time the teeming millions within the borders of China led observers to picture how an enemy attacked by this unnumbered multitude wouldshrivelup before the legions as tho green grass fades in the march of a locust plague, but we know now that there is neither wisdom nor power in mere unorganised multitudes, and brute force goes downbefore science as a mighty ironclad is swept into the sea by the touch of a lady's little finger. But it seems as if the old bogey were only giving place to a more substantial and real danger. The •lap remains, and the Jap has intelligence, knowledge, self- respect and all the forces of civilisation to aid him in pushing himself to the front. He will never consent to occupy the position in our respect that the submissive Chinaman has so long filled, and we will have to deal with him not as a seini-savage reactionary, but as a pushing, vital people only just learning its own strength, and becoming suddenly anxious to compete with the nations of the earth 011 a level with the best of them. At the same time it must be admitted that from the popular point of view the Jap is in many respects as undesirable as an Australian resident as the Chinee, and the arguments the Labour Party have used to bring about the exclusion of the Chow will apply also to the •lap, and yet we will find it 110 easy matter to dealsummarily with the lat ter should he take it into his head to exploit this country. The Trades Hall party is invited to consider the Jap, how he grows, and let u.s know what is to be done in a case of emergency. IT was a sad blow to Australia when the final news of the big International Cricket Match at Sydney last week flashed over the wires, and we knew that after the glorious promise of the lirst innings, with its record score, the poor kangaroo had been "done again" by sheer "hard luck." Nobody denies that the Englishmen played a grand game ; they stuck to the wood pluekily, and played resolutely against seeming inevitable defeat, and to their pluck, in one sense, theyowo their victory, since had they funked it at all they must have been beaten by the one-innings 6Coreof the Australianteam. The Australians have left thein only the small consolation. of insisting that they were beaten by Fate, as represented by the weather, and they made the most of it ; but it is not too much to say that a wave of, let us call it un-Parliamentary language, passed over this continent of ours in the wake of the liarrowing intelligence that Our Hoys had gone in to bat in a puddle, [i ml l.ocii beaten mi t lie post. Another wa\e of sulphurous exclainations has followed the spread of (he tidies from Kngland, sbowin._r 1 „>u- the news lias been received in' (lie niii Country. Molda't in! mil led here in the manly way c'lar icteri-tic of liim tint the comlined tiumsiickers, Cornstalks, h'outh Australians and Bananalanders had been robbed of a s ilendid victory bv the cVrV of the weather: but, according to the. English cables published in the dailies here, no allowance is made for the ! ,iin, and our contempornii js at Ilnine seem to lie led away by tlie idea that the visiting loam vi-n playing villi the Australians in more se uses than one and simply gratified them by permitting them to make one bin score in order to crush them witii a terrible reverse. This is the kind of thing that loosens those silken bonds and strains the crimson thread of ktn- 'sliiti. Australia call stand a lot, but if the njarOld Mother country Marls to belittle our cricket, let her look out for the painter. () i: political prophecy last week was abundantly justified in the event. l'remier Turner will not eat his Cin is:mas beef and pudding in recess. The Legislative Council refuses to lie bounced, and insists oil taking its own time to consider the ixtortioii Hill. Turner is very aiiL'ry, and the most loyal of his followers are irritated at having to e mie back again after the holidays. But what else could be expected ; Whatever may bo the rights and wrongs of the case with repaid to the Council's powers of dealing with a money Bill, there is nothinu in the Constitution Act to place that body in the position of an old musket, to have things rammed down its muzzle, whether it hkes them or not. Neither can a I'u inier force a measure down the throat of the Council as a veterinary surgeon forces a bolus down a sick horse. The Council, be it reinembeiefl. has the right of rejection, and, although to exercise that right w otiM undi lubtedlybe a very serious thing indeed at the present time, yet if a majority of members are liruily of the opinion that more bum would be done by the imposition of the measure it is more than questionable whether the exercise of the light does not become a positive duty. At any rate, the sex-ion is i>y no means over yel, and if some of the strong-minded councillors get their way it will n.it be over for a good while to come. Turner can ponder over this intimation at his leisure, and lirepule for the snuggle which,i.i the opinion ol not a few who are able l.> lee) I he pulse of: he I'pper House, is pending. I he amiable gentleman who is licensed of having lapsed into brigandage in an excess of niistake.i patriotism may perhaps take delight in contemplating the idea of sending Ins name down to posterity as the oiiginator of tliuyreale-it deadlock in the Victorian record but meanwhile the people have no relish for another laste of the trouble of the days jf the Jierrv bb'_ilii. Tin:,:!, is some speculation as to whether our incoming (iovernor, Lord Brassey, has been made a» are of the reduction in the stubernatoi ial screw. There has been a decided drop in (iovcinors, and Lord Brassey is expected by the colonials to do the work for £3UU0 a year less than L ird llopetoun. 'I Ins ought not to tilled llis I.ordshi|i, who is extremely wealthy, and not at'all afiaid of spending the enormous fortune gathered together by llis immediate ancestor. Ui course, in most cases, the honour of representing the (Jiiuen has to be paid for in good ro ind figures: iie is a very niggardly I iovernor tviio can make anything out of the job, although the red ltepublican rads are fond oi the idea that most of the Governors who come here to honour Government House with their presence leave with a substantial "stocking as a result oi their patriotic service. Lord jloputoui) says that it has cost him considerably more than his salary to maintain the dignity of the Vice-regal position in Melbourne, and there is no reason to doubt the assertion. Uuile the contrary. It is not extensive expenditure alone rltat makes a Victorian (iovernor popular : the Lochs managed to make themselves very generally liked without being a: all extrava^ant in this particular, but still the position, if decently maintained, must make a large demand uiiun the purse of the nobleman who liiis II. We may take it for granted that Lu.i JJrassey will not be the first to make object ions to the reduction in the usual salary, knowing all the circumstances, as be must, and umleisijiinling that retrenchment was a matter of necessity. The selection of Lord Brassey finds almost universal favour in Victoria, and, no doubt, as in the case of the present Vice regal representative, we will part most excellent when at length the lime comes for him to go. Mits. AVNIE BESANT, according to the HVs£minsln- Gizclle, has been fooled to the top of her bent by bogus letters froin bogus Mahatinas for n.auy years, and after her Australian experiences one can quite believe it, admitting, of course, the lady's complete honesty. She is so eager to give colour and support to her TlieoEophical beliefs that she fails to bring to bear on socalled spiritualistic manifestations the keen intellectual power of which she is undoubtedly possessed. Mrs. Besant boldly affirmed her belief in Mrs, Mellon, and was wonderfully impressed by the materialisations and deinv terialisations effected by that medium. It is pretty certain that Mr. Ilosking, the conjuror, had he pretended to have supernatural assistance, might have drawn from the great head of the Tlieosophists the same strong expressions of faith and admiration. This only shows how easy it is to dupe a person of uncommon intelligence when the whole of the sympathies of the dupe are in the trickster's favour. Sit a person of a supernatural turn of mind in a dark room in momentary expectation of seeing ghosts, and a very badly managed spectre will pass as the real Maginnis. Mrs. Besant is a clever woman and an earnest woman, but her very earnestness makes her an easy victim to mediums and Yankee Mahatmas. THEY aie very dry at Bunyip, As their M.P. knows, and yet Mr. L L. Smith feels certain That lie fairly •' got them wet." Tin: present serious illness of Lord Randolph Churchill, more famous hero as " Handy Pandy O," call; to mind a prophecy made by a London palmist some years ago. The palmist predicted that Lord Kandolph would not live long beyond his forty-fifth birthday. Lord li- mdolph is now forty-five. The linos in his lordship's hands appeir to be rather br.ri lines. 