CODIFICATION OF THE LAND LAWS. There can bo no doubt that not much more time ooght to pass by without a seriouB attempt to reduce our ctaotio and jombledup Land Laws to order by codifying them. At Dreaent they are, «b every -me knows, in snot a state of mixedness tliat hscdly Stay man is able to say what they permit and what they forbid. TM» is all very well for the legal fraternity, and for the professional politicians who make Parliament House their private office and the Government offices — especially the T-nriflB and the Mines — the means of eeoariag a sic« incoma from the outside public in the shape of fees and commissions; bat it is not well for the general welfare of the country. Ever since has been oontinnally cropping up like aa no* easy ghost, only to have a patch put on here and there and then to be sent back to its vault again. To any man ot plain common Sens6 and practical mind the best thing to 3b seem? to be to follow tne example of America and' survey the nuoeeapied areas of the country iniif* bio dire ftifl SA&Fiv; root ft~B mAfti* s^st poBsitrlflb and then plaoing maps showing the results in the local lands offices. Meanwhile the pieeess of selection, free ot otherwise, should be enspended ofitil the survey was completed. The- tsosb .of ettrveyiBg- would not be excessive, as tiiere is a femall army rf compB^ tent surveyors in and afotind Sydney juStnbW, practicaUy unemployed ovine to. tb.epre?it,il- ing stagnation; and these would no doubt be glad t» tackle' the work -en easy terms, which might be bo much per Afire, to ensure quick despatch and absence of the 'Government pliL'oKe. iheR ^t wouiu*De Belculiuc wouiq; oe able, rb in America, to walk into the local office, ohooBe the block he fancied on the map, from which, of course, he Would gain a fair knowledge of its Tratersnppty, taenwiBof aeeess, general smxfinndings, flSd £o forth, all infor mation of use and moment to him ; and then by simply paying the required sum of money he eoold toe pot in possession, without having i» tfo through a wilderness of red tape, leaning on the arm of a parlia mentary agent, as is' eo often the case now. And then when settles cm Che End he may want capital far implements, food, clothes, and shelter, until the time when his oops ripen and become a me&ns; of BubsistencS. To deal with this part of the question let us look to our teacher in useful legislation, New Zealand. There, it Ib proposed to raise.. £1,500,000 in London every year, to be loaned' oat to settlers -on the soil on security of their property, and at 5 per cent, interest. Seeing that N«w Zealand, with her almost tmencum berefl estate, can obhiin as much money u she grants in London at 3J per cent., this tranaaCtion Bbould produce a fair yaarly Dtofit, whieh could be placed to a sinking idntt. Unfortunately the climate of New Zealand is not well adapted for tobaoso growing «n- a la*ge. «eale, or 1ha* pro gressive colony might be found competing in a few years 'for *£herim an3 Brooklyn Co's. custom against the finest plantations of Vir ginia, XJ.S.A., from which the pick of each staasfe'e growth is shipped to the Co. '« faetoty in Cleveland-street, Sydney, -where it is manu factured by local workers into the Golden Pheasant brand, and then supplied to nearly every tobacconist and storekeeper in town, country, and suburbs. rt-Wonld be well if a few far-seeiag and thoughtful M-'s.L.A. were to form themselves into a committee to advo cate the codification of. omr land laws, and a survey of all our unoccupied country. They should insist on reform being thorough, and not of a patchwork kind, retaemberiag thftt the prSBent abominable oonfnsion i» &b; natu ral result of the past 30 yeftra* constant tinker ing and cobblingi— r-i. 