BOTHER BURNS. I am not going to say a word about Burns in this article. I am sick of Bams, every body is talking Burns, and nothing but the statue of Burns greets tbe eye when yon walk down North-terrace, in fact the subjeot fairly burns in the papers. It is nothing bat Barns. There was an enormous orowd to see the unveiling of the statue of Barns, Chief Darling talked Barns, the Lientenent-Goveruor quoted Barns, the girls gashed over Barns, enthusiasts who had neaver read Burns went to the bookshops and bought Burns, the school girls want a slepladder that they might reach up and kiss Burns, the Freeluochers have seen Barns, and I, Freeluncher, am sick of Borne, and therefore in this ' Heeltaps ' 1 am not going to say a word about Barns. Bother Burns. I don't care whether the Editor of the Bunyip is a Scotchman or not, bat I say the de'il tak' Barns, and may hie barns be bigger than onybody elses. Thank the Lord there was only one Barns— he was enough to till the world with his poetry, and did it. ' * '' WHAT A ROARING TIME this wo'*ld be for baceaners, pirates, free booters, letters of marque, and nantical gentlemen of that kidney I don't think. Jot look at this grand advertisement in the news column of the Register for the modern Captain Ktdd, Paul Jones, Lolonais, Black board, Captain Morgan, or any other gentle* men rovers who loved to drop aboard a fat East Indiaman in the old days .— ' Tbe R.M.ij. Viotoria, which arrived at the Semaphore en route for London on Monday morning, has a valuable cargo on board. In addition to £150,000 in gold shipped by the Banks in Sydney, ahe has in the hold 200 tons of butter, 2,000 bales of wool, and 85 tons of meat from the same place.' Great Neptune's ghost ! would they not range up along side that Victoria, and scoop the pool after making all the male passengers walk the plank and the ladies consent to share the lot of a bold buccaneer's bride ! In the old days of buccaneering and pirateering the sea-hawks had not half such a show, but the newspapers give us away beautifally to the Russians per paragraph and cable. Just imagine a sudden outbreak of war and a Russian cruiser on the job, as they had them lying at Glenelg in Mayor King's time ! I have often thought that any smart sea man of Ciptain Haye's type might might easily ' burgle' a ' bullion ' mail steamer, sink her, and clear out, and no one the the wiser — posted 'missing' at Lloyd's, that's all. I hope they won't. THE NARftOWMINDEDNESS of the old Puritan times when religion was made an abiding curse (to the young, and Sutiday a torment by tbe rigid Sabbatarians in whom the milk of human kindness was drained?dry, and who crashed out of child hood all that was sweet and balmy and tender, still exists in some quarters. Wit ness the attempt to bring that outspoken minister the Rev. J. Day Thompson before the local inquisition. ' I am inclined to think that there are men even In these enlightened days who, if they were'allowed to work their own will, would impose the old fines and corporeal penalties upon backslider*, force people to go to worship at the point of the sword, and con sign freethinkers to the stake. The smould ering demon of intolerance is only held in check. Look at the hard stoney faces of some of the old stock driving— on country and suburban roads especially — to church. The owners of those grim visages look at the pleasuse-seekiog passerby with an expression suggestive of faggots or the flagellator. A man like J. Day Thompson, or anyone else who dared to express an opinion outside tha cast iron tenets of his church, would have- short-shrift with some of them. These people trtvel In the direotion of heaven on a narrow gauge liue, but I question whether they get there. With them indeed The sweetest notes among the human heart strings are dull with rust, The sweetest chorda adjusted by the angels are clogged with dust. MR. MAXWELL, THE, SCULPTOR, is .as unassuming as he is clever ; and he is scrupulously fair in his statements when pressed to speak on tbe very many im portant works he has been engaged in as a sculptor, only referring to those en which he was personally employed. There are natner ous oarvings in the development of which he has borne the lion's share of work, bat he will not allow his name to be associate 1 with them, because, as he says, he assisted another sculptor, but be will speak enthusi astically about 'that other man's' name, and keep his own share in the background. That is Scotch independence aud£fairness. If he had been so simple hearted and un assuming he would have been widely known, but modesty of genius |ma kes him hide bis light nnder a bushel. Ho was much .'annoyed .because a 'Tiser reporter inadvertently attributed to him a statuary work in which he hai no share, and conferred upon him degrees which he did not possess. There are no degrees in sculpture. PROMISCUOUS. The scurvy treatment of Sir John Bray is still rankling in the minds of his friends here, and there is a rough rod in pickle for the Governtn ent, but Charley Kingston goes ponderously the even tenor of his way, not^carmg a continental what is said of him. Cook — not the sportiog expert, but the sky-pilot — was holdingjforth in a weU-known conventicle a few eventngB ago,* and was quite interesting a number of respectable young fellows, when he suddenly hallooed ont, 'AU you youag men who have not been converted stand up, and those who are sitting down pray aloud for the sinners standing up.' As most of the young fellows had not long left college the habits of obedience were strong upon them, and they instinctively stood op ; the others were too taken aback to do anything but sii still and stare. A dreadful painful piuse ensued, and then the spectacle was presented of several long-legged lads escaping shame facedly from the conventicle blushing furiously. Whether Cook scored a point there deponent aayeth not. There mast have been a good deal of champagne and mfxert Jiquors consumed at the raoes on Saturday afternoon, judging from the somewhat tangled condition and talkative* hamonr of many of the male denizens of the dress circle at the opera when Paul Jones was played. The aroma of liquor made a marked effect upon the atmosphere, and it most have been the reverse of pleasant for the ladies along side of or behind whom the Johnnies lounged; Between the acts the saloon was fall of gentlemen who had been more or less devontly worshipping at the shrine of Bacchus. They were steady enongh on their legs, but their voices were throaty and their eyes watery. This is not Infrequently the case on a tace night,, and a lady told me she eonld distinguish tbe bouquet of several distinct kinds of liquors when the Johnnies at the back of the dress circle breathed hard on the backs of their seeks. ? 