"NOT TO BE SyjFTED." I was amused at the attitude of the great unwashed crowding the back 6f the Supreme Court Criminal Sittings on Tuesday. They were all intent upon the trial of a shortnecked fellow with a face like Bland Holt's bulldog, who was bong tried for a cowardly robbery on a former friend—a man who had just treated him and his mates to a drink, when the Premier "Baokbone" Kingston passed through the Court to the counsels' robing room. It was amusing to see how every eye in that crowd of Court idlers was turned from the commonplace character in the dock to the man of the hour. A whisper can from rank to rank, and the strong figure of the burly Premier was tbe centre of observation. One man said, " Aint he got head on him !" and another remarked, " Tes 1 and he'll 'put a head' on some of you yet, He's a man that aint to be shifted/' When Charley Kingston'* mind's made up, 7le fixedfor good and aye; Bis will not budge an inch or less No matter what the cry. The malcontents may howl at him To set his purpose lifted, Bat Kingston is a man of will A man who can't be thifted. II hs aa object holds in new Bell bide bis tine quite coolly, Nor yield to many or tbe few. Nor bead to the unruly. Be sees the way the current flows. And how the straws have drifted. Be makes bis goal and there he goes \- A man who can't be shifted. " Scorching" I detest; record-riding has its objectionable points, but when well regulated it does a great deal to advertise the graceful, trusty, ever- willing bicycle—a machine which has almost revolutionised the traffic (writes Hugh Kalyptus). Young men who perhaps used to spend their spare cash in idle revelry are by the influenoe of the bicycle induced to save so that they might have one, and when they attain the object of their desire they are induced to lead temperate and healthy lives. One can see no objection to record riding where the wheelman, by temperance, diet, Mid judicious exercise, gets himself up in the pink of condition. I can see no reason why every fairly healthy young man should not keep himself in draining—not exoessive training—but that state of fitness which is indioated by a clear skin, firm flesh, springy muscles, a bright eye, and a sweet breath. There is too much tramming. To most menexcept newspaper people, who are compelled to work both ends of the day and the middle as well, with irregular meals—early morning exercise is attainable, and even the belated Pressman can compass it iC he baa but the resolution to acquire the babit of early rising. In all my life I have never lain in bed later than 7 a.m., even after going to rest at 4 a.m., and sleeping in the day-time is a habit I have happily not contracted, and I often pity those lie- abeds who turn up at midday yawning and hazy. The early riser breathes the freshest and most wholesome air of the day; does not upset the regularity of domeitioarrangements, and accomplishes more work. The lie-abed is occupying a room whioh cannot be sweetened until tbe day is far gone, and he makes the whole household uncomfortable. Tbe record-breaker mast be a man who is master of himself, with en iron will, steel muscles, and an indiarubber backbone, and all honour to him that he has so ordered his life as to become suoh a being. Toms exhibited all the qualities which go to make up a record breaker, bit he made the mistake of taking too light a machine and too rough a road. Snell showed equal determination and Spartan fortitude, but be made tbe mistake of off ending kindly Mother Nature, who will do anything for her children if they do not transgress her rules. Had he taken four or even six hours' sleep at Hamilton, be oould have sustained a better pace, and come in at the finish with more effect. The faot is that Snell tried to make a record for himself—one that could not be beaten ; bat it is more than likely that Toms, weather and wind permitting, could by paying deference to, and not trifling with Mother Nature, compass the feat in lesB time. An admirable quality comes'to the surface in this recordbreaking struggle between athletic wheelmen, and that is, the generosity so sportsmanlike of the rival road-eaters. Scotc did his utmost to help Toms to break,, his record, and Toms as generously gives advice to Snell, who is trying to outride him. Now, this is sportsmanlike ; no jealousy, but generous rivalry. Bravo! all three; there is nothing petty abotit them. In the same spirit Snell will no doubt lend his aid to the next man, and so on. The other day I came across an illustrated advertisement in an English paper of a contrivance called "Tbe health exerciser." 1$ represents an athletic-looking man with a grand physique hauling up a heavy weight by ropes running through pulliee, and the idea is excellent for a home gymnasium, but I cannot agree with.the statement that this contrivanoe combines the benefits of every form of outdoor exercise," and that " it embraces all the advantages without any of the disadvantages of rowing, running, bicyoling, dumb bells, horizontal bar, Indian clubs, &c.;" Now that is stnff and nonsense. How can any indoor exercise by means of a contrivance «rhnh only occupies sufr inches of floor space compare with the glorious rivv, eea, freedom of the woods and fields, where a man oan fill his lungs, develop hie muscles unrestrained, and gladden his eight with the beauties of nature? Six inches of floor space weighed against a twenty-mile spin on a free, elastic bicycle, a row in> light-andea9y wherry, or a lung-opener on the running track! Great Caesar's ghost! A correspondent sends me this as a solemn fact:—Two friends, Murphy and Moroney, living in Adelaide, were discussing what they would like for their dinner. Says Murphy— "Niver ye moind, Maroney ; ye" shall have a ehplendid male; nothing-toof, but rale tasty." "Fwhat:do yez mane it. ill at all?" says' Maroney. "Niver ye uioind, ould man: you lave it to me, d'ye moind me now." Aftpr a while Murphy, mindful of his promise, took Maroney a fine .'fat' goose, and the latter seemed delighted with the presents-' Murphy recommended him to cut the bird's wings to keep him from flying, but Maroney let the bird loose and went inside to get the shears. The goose, being a sensible bird, flew away towards Walkerville. When Murphy asked Maroney—" How did the godse go down wid yez, Maroney." "Ooh ! he wint flying," was the truly Irish reply. It was like an Irishman in the first place to leave the bird free while ha went for the means of preventing hi flight, and his grimly humorous philosophy was also Hibernian. MR. EDWARD JONES TUCKER, 