THE ROYAL TRINOPTICAN. Sines the establishment of the Cyclorama in Adelaide the management has been charac-<*> terised by the utmost energy and enterprise, ana in aaainon totneexmbitionot auvgmncent ensamples of pictorial art as " Jerusalem" and the " Battle of Waterloo" have constantly en deavored to keep the interest in their institu tion alive by the addition of such appropriate and attractive features as oonld be procured in the colony. The musical illustrations which have accompanied both pictures have in the case of Waterloo been supplemented by each novel attractions as the appearanoe on the scene of the great battlefield of Napoleon's ghost, and the illustration of an incident i in the career of the French Emperor! known as "The^Sentry." The enchanted! fountain with its ever changing and bril liantly illuminated waters has been a con stant source of pleasure to the many patrons of the Cyclorama, and now keeping in view the fact that variety is charming the directors are I about to introduce another great attraction in the shape of the Royal Trinoptican. For the benefit of the uninitiated it may be explained that by means of die Trinoptican visitors to the Cyclorama will be transported to the scenes in which Napoleon figured both prior to and accceeding the immortal strangle of Waterloo, in fact a grand tour of the world will be made in both a novel and inexpensive .fashion. The management have upwards of 2'JO pictures at their disposal, and the ecenio effects introduced .into these are of the most novel, striking, and picturesque description. These pictures will not be limited to scenes connected with Waterloo, it baing the desire of the management to so vary the entertain ment as to make it prove of universal interest. Accordingly the coliectiou will include beauti fully painted illustrations of the beauty spots of the world, together with other views which cannot fail to please the most fastidious taste. I As an instance of the nature of the pictures to be ehown, there may be taken a beautiful I little study of "The Watermill," the work of an English artist, who has no equal in this de partment of painting. The spectator is intro dnced to a lovely little English scene with a pioturesque watermill standing by a winding stream. The ponderous wheel slowly revolves, and over a rustic bridge in the foreground a laborer is seen walking to his morning work. The scene changes to night, the moon rises behind the trees, silvering the water with its j misty light, and one by one the windovra of the mill gleam with a warm and welcoming light. Winter succeeds; the miii waters are frozen, and the laborer returning from woodcutting | crosses the bridge again and wends his way to the cottage. As be approaches the door is Hung open, and the ruddy delight illumes his homeward path, and as he enters the door is closed, darkness intervenes, and the snow falls thickly on the charming scene. Themeabanism employed in the pro duction of this picture may be imagined when it is known that no less than 14 different effects nre introduced is the one scene. j This is only one example of many equally beautiful views and shows in conjunction with the Crclorama of Waterloo. There is little doubt that this exhibition will become one of the most popular entertainments in Adelaide. l>e*pite the extra expenses incurred in the pro duction of the Trinoptican, the prices of admission to the Cyclorama will remain un altered, and a prosperous season may safely be predicted for tbe new exhibition. 