GRAVE AND GAY. _ Little Girl — " You bad cat, where's my bird P" Oat—". Oh, he's just gone inside." Excused.— Mother — " Good graoious I How did you get so muddy P" Small Son — " Runnin' home to see if there was any thing you wanted me to do." Johnny — " Mamma, my toes are not as hard as leather, are they ?" Mamma— "No, Johnny." Johnny— "Then. mamma. how do they wear themselves through my shoes ?" " Pa, is generals brave men P" asked Johnny of his father. " Yes, my son, as a rale," was the answer. " Then why does artists always make pictures of 'em stand ing on a Mil three miles away, looking at the battle through an opera-glass ?" Philosopher — " It i8 a little singular that nearly all these Anarchists are men of some education. Not one is really ignorant. All went to school." Small Boy — " I gueBs mebbe they learned to make botpbs so's to throw them at the mena wot wrote the 'rithmetios." " Joe," said she. reading, " this paper says that out in Oregon they have juBt discovered foot-prints three feet long, sup posed to belong to a lost race." " I don't see how a race of people that made foot prints three feat long conld ever get lost," he replied. Uncle Joshua — " Thtse city people have mighty polite manners, Maria." EGs wife — " How so P" "Just let a couple of fellers have my watch that they offered to go and get regulated free gratia. They're to bring it back to me at the hotel." " Is that a new rug your mamma has, Bobby ?" asked Mrs Von Blumer of the youthful Bings. " No," said Bobby ; "that's one she brought in from the other room. Bat you mustn't take it np." " Why not?" " 'Cause there's a hole in the carpet." Dog Fancier — " YeB, madam, I have all kinds of dogs here. Is there any particular breed you wiBh ?" Old lady (who reads the paper) — " Oh, anything that's fasMon- able. Let me see an ocjan greyhound." " I've quit asking people if my bonnet is on straight " " Why, my dear P" asked her husband. "I love yon too much, John, to disgrace you by calling any body's attention to an old bonnet Hke tMs." Flitterly (to wife who has just returned from meeting of sewing circle) — -'Well, did you find anything to talk about P" Mrs Flitterly—" Lota I Not half the members were there." "I want to see the head of the house," said a pedlar to Mrs Darley, who had answered the ring. " I am sorry," she replied, as she gently closed the door, " bnt baby is asleep just now." "Awfully sorry I'm eo late dear. Been detained on busineis with Teddy Newcombe aU the evening," Baid the husband. "Yes, darling. Mr Newcombe has been waiting hr-rj for you since nine o'clock," replied his wife. " Doctor Emdee has sued ns for libel," said the editor. "What for?" asked hie assistant. "I wrote 'The doctor took the patiem'e pulse bjfora he prescribed for Mm,' and the intelligent compositor est it up ' purss."' "Jobson made quite a hit when he made Ma first appearance on the stage." " What was his part f " " The ghost in Hamlet. He appeared fire minutes ahead of time, and the effect of Hsmlet was very fine." Druggist — "Yes, madam, I remember very well your buying a stamp." Lady — " Well, I put it on a very important letter and posted it. It haB not been received. I want yon to understand that I shall buy my stamps elsewhere if this occurs again." Doctor — " Have you followed my advice in regard to eating plain food and keeping quiet at home?" Patient — "That's all I've been able to do since you sent in your bill." 