Remarkable Religion, gi \-- T A Russian Journal describes a peculiar re. t ligious movement in the winter of 1891.2 in t the province of Kiev. The originator was a p Runeian, given to drink until the age of fortyg years, when he reformed and joined the w Stundists, following zealously the religious S rites of the sect, and often as going into a condition of ecstasy. A a: few years later he began to senfer from w hallucinations, ainong others perceiving ex- g tremely pleasant perfumes, which he de elated to be the smell of the Holy Ghost. Then he cnceivead that he was posseseed of the Holy Ghost, and that he was Jews v Christ. He obtained numerous peasant f followers, whosold their possessions, gave up c work, and looked upon their insane leader as the Saviour of the world, in which there should soon be new regulations; no one should die, and no one should have need to work or to care for the future, for God would i oare for them all. Most of them suffered from hallucinations of the senoe .of smel; perceiving extremely agreeable odors, which they described as pertaining to God a and Hieaven. dlany hada feeling ofrenark- I . able bodily lightness, asif floatiog.in toe air, I and manyothers were taken withconuvleions, manifestly hysterical. The oongregations were always noisy and excited, some falling totheearth, otherojumping, etriking them. eelves on the breast, and shouting inarticu lately. Some would imitate conversation: but it consisted of inomprehensible, sense. less sounds, which they believed to be a language spoken somewhere. Most of them were emaciated and aunamio. The epidemic was finally overcome by the authorities; those who were most insane being shut up in asylums, while the hysterical were sent to hospitale and convents. I The London County Council would appeor to be somewhat irritating occasionally in the exercise of their functions in respect to d theatrical affairs. A certain Countess d a IBrcmont arranged and advertised, eo itwould a ppper,a charitable entertainment at the theatre attached to the Prince of Wales' Club, Shut some two hours before the doors were sto be opened she was informed thiit the Len d don County Council had decided not to per. smit any more performances for which moneya s. was token at the club's unlicenced theatre. 