LADIES' GOSSIP. Miss Amory, of New York, ha3 started a school where she and her servants train waitresses. Women of slight figures, neat appearance, and quick ways are selected as pupils. The school is said to be a great buccess, as moat of the waitresses are hired nightly and the pay is from two to three dollars for.a single evening. The new University of _ Wales has provided by its oharter for conferring degrees in music on women. This is a_ new departure, as hitherto women have been debarred from musical honors. The Princess of Wales is an honorary Mus. Doc. of the Royal University of Ireland ; so also is Miss Annie Paterson, of Dublin, but with these exceptions there is no woman bachelor of music. The Queen was the recipient of some notable presents during' her stay in Florence. When her Majesty went there she was anxious to obtain some memorial of Savanorola and her purpose becoming known she was offered by a well-known ITlorentine noble a very interest ing relic of his work. Her Majesty, who was delighted with this present, is reported to have j^dded largely by purchases to her collection of Italian art and bijouterie. Proken Concordia Lofving, a Swedish lady, is working with muoh success for the realisa tion of her plan, the ereotion of an " agricul tural colony " for orphans, where the ohildren can obtain a good and rational education both for the body and mind. Between £2,000 and £3,000 have already been collected, and it is under contemplation to buy an estate worth some £20,000. The remainder of the money will, it is hoped, be raised through a lottery, to which the authorities have given the necessary permission. ' Mr. Peter Lewis, of Hereford, sends to Nature Notes a marvellous yet apparently well authenticated anecdote of a robin who formed a decided attachment to two maiden ladies, sisters of Squire Jones, of IJylo. Wheresoever these ladies walked out in the • country their red-breasted companion would accompany them, though it was observed that one sister "was a greater favorite than the other. If this lady went out the robin would accompany her at once. If it happened to be the second sister it would wait to see whether the favorite was corning: if not, Bob would go wiih the other sister, the son-favorite. The sisters after a time went to live in Clifton and were in great grief at leaving Bobby behind, but he, would not allow himself to be caught. On the way to Chepstow they were surprised to aee Bobby flying alongside by the side of the coach. •'The secret of_ a bad complexion," said a well-known physician recently, is a bad di gestion, and we generally trace that to a bad liver. One of the best remedies for a sluggish liver is cheap and pleasant. Dieting is^ the secret of the cure. The best liver regulator for persons of sedentary habits—and these are the ones whose complexions are muddy—is found in apples, eaten baked iE they are not well digested when eaten raw. _ I attended the pupils at a well- known boarding school, and among them was a country girl whose complexion was the envy of all her asso ciates. 2 found that she was a very light eater at her meals, but she had a peculiar cjistom of taking a place of apples to her room at night and eating them slowly as she studied her lessons. This was her regular practice. Some of the other girls in the institution took it up, and I know bb a result of my personal investi gation tliat the apple-eating girls had, with one exception, the best complexions of any in the sohool. That one exception was due to causes which required medical skill to remove. " A Dutiful Daughter" hopes that she may finally solve the question—Why girls don't marry, has sent her views to an English con temporary, in which she thus disposes of the modern young man:—"The modern girl de mands more of a man than that he shall be— just not a woman. There is a kind of youth, to be found in any number scattered about the world,'who, although he may be narrow-chested and non very bright in intellect, yet is possessed with the idea that he is a matrimonial prize | which any girl would gladly Bnap up if she could get she chance. What girl doe3 notr feel I herself a misogamist when she comes across a specimen of this genus? It may seem strange i in the ears of some, but it is nevertheless true, that; the modern, girl prefers the society of another woman, who shares her tastes and | interests, to that—yes, even that of a man—if he has not something more than his merei masculinity to make him interesting. Indeed, the deepening of the capacity of woman for faithful and satisfying friendship with one another is not among the least Of the signifi cant signs of the times." Mis. Williamson writes thus about "the corpulence craze" m the World's "Tea- table Talk:—"The latest preventive or cure is on the principle of absorption. Originating abroad, the old-new idea has been perfected here by Miss Jane Sheppard, who sells a suc cessful flannel belo, stuffed with efficacious herbs and lined with line waterproof sheeting —moreover, made dainty by elaborate stitch inga and bindings of ribbon. The belt is only to be worn at night, and after a fortnight's use one lady found that she could take several inches from the width of her skirts round the hips." The "efficacious herbs" are not speci fied (says a writer in the Australasian), and I daresay many people would rather grow fat than wear this very odd form of the girdle of Venus; but your readers may as well hear of the new preventive. It is very comical to learn that "similar padu are made to guard against that ugliness the double chin." Perhaps we shall get back in time to the mask and hand coverings of raw veal which Henri III. used as' beautitiers of his delicat^^b^n. j | The London lady cdKSsIpondenb of the Aus tralasian writes:—The "Grandfather's Clock" revival haa extended to "Grandmother's Gowns " All the new materials are old ! One passes by a, richly-draped shop window— (for etcilage is now an important branch of the art of ahopkeeping, just outside of that exolusive inner circle of mercery which affects privacy and a private-house dempanor)—and with a glance at the samples of "material" dis played between the filmy draperies and against the irreproachable background, old memories are awakened. Like Mrs. Allen in " Norbhanger Abbe}'" one remembers a certain occasion on which one wore just such a tinted muslin, striped cambric, spotted grenadine, or "shoo" silk as one sees there"; the gown supplies the date, and lo! the street haa ghosts on its pavement in broad daylight. There are the yellow and brown striped silk underskirts, the identical "pigeon breast," dove-color and "puce" silks for gowns, the very same little capes, warranted not to keep the arms warm and finished with stiff little frills that thrilled one's youthful aoul with envy or pleasure, accord ing to circumstances, rather more than twice " twenty golden years ago." And the "neck ribbons" and the two bodices, one for after noon the other for evening wear, which ladies | (they are young and excusable) who instruct the world in the columnsof the sooiety journals announce as a new departure in good sense an^ a wise economy. Did we not wear neck-ribbons and have two bodices to our best gowns when we were nobody's grandmothers, but had relatives of that degree of our own to instruct. The shop windows are suggestive in more ways than one now that fashion is sur le retour, j only when it goes too far back we have no link with it. The Direotoire and the Valois periods | affect us no more than the'timeof the Ptolemies;1 they leave us like Mrs. Jarley's poet, " calmly critical." I have seen only one dress to be j worn at the approaching Royal wedding. The material is silk, of almost the beginning of the | century sort, a foulard of sparrow's egg blue, with white stripes and thin black lines; the skirt 1b draped with cream muslin embroidery in fe3toons over something pink and plentiful "streamers" of narrow black ribbon; the I sleeves, ruffled at the el^ow, are tied up with i black satin. The details sound fidgety, but j the effect ia really pretty. I A New Toque. 