Current Gvents. DESTRUCTIVE FIBE. — The residence of Albert Ziilow, at Nundah, was, with all the effects, totally destroyed by fire on Friday evening, about 10.30 p.m. The assigned reason is the bursting of a kerosene lamp, the flames taking such instant effect that Mrs. Ziilow had barely time to rescue the children and escape herself in her nightgown before the place was in a blaze. Ziiiow him self was absent, most likely in some hotel. As stated above, nothing was saved, though there are a good few neighbours about; they certainly heard Mrs. Ziilow screaming, -but screams from that locality are of frequent occurrence, so they took no notice till the glare attracted their attention, and then it was too late. We understand that the bouse was insured, but then it was also mortgaged. TOLLS AND TOLL-BARS.—The desire mooted by ths Booroodabin Board to establish a toll-bar on the Breakfast Creek road, whereby those using it will contribute towards its maintenance, though perfectly logical and legal, has raised a perfect howl of objection from outsiders, who have rushed to Mr. Tozer, imploring him, as it were, to protect them from the wrath to come. And Mr. Tozer has, more suo, out-Tozered himself in his utterances as to what HE will do, utterly I oblivious of the fact that the Board, like the ^Toowong Shire, has the law on its side, and \at the law is above even the bumptious Colonial Secretary. Toll-bars are a relic of barbarism, shriek the opposition; and they have be*en done away with in England years ago. Grunted, but the conditions of England and Queensland are very different. We are anxious tb commence where England left off. Jit was, only after the roads were Macadathised and the country so closely settled that the burden of local taxation was reduced to the \niinimum, that the English toll gates were removed. Here, with no roads, the work of centuries, and only a handful of population, how is it possible that great stretches of roads can be mainstained unless those using them be compelled to assist in repairing them ? At the same time we strongly protest against Booroodabin having all the money so collected from outsiders to maintain this small portion of the principle artery of the metropolis. The money collected at the bridge should be divided so as to maintain the river road to the Hamilton and the road to the Albion, thus lightening the burden of the local authorities concerned. Aud as we see no reason why this principle should not be . extended, we suggest erecting a toll-bar at : the Bowen Bridge, the protits from whom might well be expended in maintaining the ' Gympie road as far as the North Pine town- \- ship. Every northern outlet would then be ° guarded, and the burden shifted to the shouiderB of those most entitled to carry it, instead of as at present, bleeding the local ratepayer, a large percentage of which never use the road at all, and who can get nothing done to their own roads, in that the main road is a monster which swallows all. KEDRON BROOK.—What is going to be / done with Kedron Brook and Downfall Creek, both which waters are in such a state of pollution from the filthy tradeB filthily • conducted on their banks, as to be nothing but poisonous open sewers, dangerous to the health of man and beast, instead of being as in olden days the purest and freshest streams round Brisbane? Last week, Kedron Brook was covered with hundreds of dead fish— mullet, eeU, and catfish—all poisoned, doubtless, from the caustic soda used by the tanneries higher up in removing wool from \- sheep skins, &c.; It is bad enough to see life wantonly destroyed like this, Dut when we remember that these watersheds are dairying districts, whence comes a large share of the metropolitan milk supply ; that the cattle must use this water and the settlers also ; the danger is enhanced onehundred fold, and the necessity for some drastic reform is self evident. The mischief lies in the divided authority of local boards and magistracy. In the local authorities ought to be. vested the sole control of all trades -carried on within their boundaries, so that they could compel cleanliness end prevent the pollution of alT streams. We have no desire to see any local industry discouraged, but we have a right to insist that they shall be conducted on modern scientific principles, and not in the beastly unsanitary style of(the first century nOw in vogue, partly through the ignorance, partly through the greed, of owners afid local authorities combined. It is a matter for continued public agitation, for we feel convinced that no real cure will ever be arrived at till these noxious traders are compelled by repeated fines, increasing in severity, to study the public interest instead of their own private profit. These trades are well regulated elsewhere, and there is no earthly reason why they should not be equally well regulated iu Queensland, unless it is the venality, low political morality and incapacity of onr rulers, who bow down before vested interests and ignore .their, manifest duty because a vote is imperilled. GOOD Stock of Plain and Figured Zephyrs, at Carole's. EARTH HUNGER.—Land Commissioner Watt' B granted the following certificates at Landsborough, on Wednesday last, November 7th. W. Somner, Maleny ; ft. Dunning, H. Lingard, W. Hooper, and J. F. Fitzgibbon, all of Mooloolah; C. A Holbeck, Maroochy ; L. and C. F. A. Tesch, Maleny; H. Wilson, Mooloolah. Five were adjourned and two dismissed. AMBULANCE BENEFIT CONCERT.— A very successful and enjoyable concert was held last Saturday evening at Woody Point in aid of the City Ambulance Transport Brigade. The hall was crowded, and many people were unable to obtain admission. The following ladies and gentlemen assisted—namely: Mesdames H. I. Tubbs and A. C. Boden, Misses Brown, K. and L. Thompson, Vallely, and Adams; Messrs. F. Hemming, D. MGaw, C. Peterson, Barker, and A. C. Boden. The chairman (the Bev. Wilson Henry), on behalf of the Ambulance Brigade, thanked the audience fulness of the corps, both in Brisbane and in the Moreton district, and pointed out what a great loss it would be if the members had to disband owing to want of funds. He also congratuled the promoters of the concert (Captain Bengtsen, Messrs. A. C. Boden, and J. Pass) on the result of their endeavours. It is expected that the sale of tickets and two donations .of 30s and 20s will result in the sum of about £10 being handed over to the ambulance authorities. LOCAL CRICKET.—The watch between the Nucdah and Lockyer dabs was concluded at Nundah on Saturday laet, and resulted in an easy win for the Ioe$l team by 10 wickets and 8 runs. The scores'from the previous Saturday were Lockyers 56, Nundah 78. The Lockyers in their second innings httd lost one wicket for 3 runs. They therefore continued but did not matte as good a stand as in the first innings. They batted one man short, and when the ninth wicket fell had only made 47 (Stevenson 16 not out, C. Betzel 13). The Nundahs then commenced their second innings with '26 to make to win, which they made without the loss of a wicket (H. Oxenham 20 not out. C. Irvine 9 not out). Bowling for the Nundahs, J. Leary 7 for 32, A. E. Oxenham noue for 11, and L. Curtis none for 3. For the Lockyers, M. Hoare none for 9, W. Farr none for 18, C. Betzel none for 2. Special notice should be taken of the bowling of J. D. Leary who was very much "on the spot" laBt Saturday. He secured all the Wjukets except two which were ran out. Had the fielding of the local team ibeen uj£ to their usual standard his average Would certainly have been much better. U Okenham played very well in both innings for his 53 runs, but we cannot say he did not give a chance. THE ABSURDITY OF IT.—A few of the weak points about Spiritualism, says a cootemporary, are these : No medium has ever called up a spirit that had a single bright or original observation to offer about his present state. The brightest thing that was ever said by a spirit was that he was well and happy, and that his grandmother was enjoying herself. No medium has ever called up a spirit which spoke a language which the medium didn't speak himself. Also, no medium has ever evoked a ghost which gave any valuable or definite information about the past. If Spiritualism was a reality, it could cast more light on the dark places of history than any other agency. Think of even a few of the the things which the world is yearning to know—why Grouchy muddled away his splendid chance on the day before Waterloo ; who were the Man in the Iron Mask, the alleged Sebastian of Portugal, Cagliostro, and Smerdis the Magian ; when was Christ born ; what became of Cyrus, Richard II., Henry VI., Moses, and the Pharaoh of the Exodus ; who or what was William Tell; did Jean Cousin really discover America; and several billion other questions. Spiritualism, which professes to be able to rake up the ghosts of the dead past, should be able to answer all these problems, but it seldom gets further than rousing up a modern spectre with a strong Scotch aocent, who breathes for a while ana then goes away. And when it does profess to rouse the wraith of a great writer or poet Ot statesman he always proves to be the Mune plaip, drivelling idiot as the rest. It Is about time for a fresh run on Besant's famous spiritualistic novel, " Herr Paulus,' which contains many valuable tips concerning the sad and mangy science of ghostB, and is wholesome reading after too much of the Mellon variety of literature. THE NEW MONTHLY.—The printing of the second number of Cosmos is much improved, bat its literary character remains sorappy and common-place. " About Women Politically " is a good and thoughtful article; Alex. Montgomery supplies a readable tale; Louise Mack has a new poetic version of Heine's palm and pine-tree ; there is a fine idea, pbOrly bandied, in "The Suicide of Seftonand the blank-verse poets, with lines like— Vain hope! Buddha wept, Jesus prophesied— are at lest amusing. The rest is nothiiuj at alL But the magazine is unquestionably a big six-penn'orth. . . CONVENTIONAL RELIGION.—The paralysing! effect of conventional religion was never better shown than in the statement by a Wairarapa passenger that "many of the poor people were praying and not holding on to anything, so when the seas broke over the vessel tbey were washed off." Humanity learnsvery slowly. As far back as we can trace its beginnings it ha.3 been praying to a mysterious something which it supposes to exist at the back of natural forces, and imploring it to alter the order of the universe to suit petty human longings. Nothing has ever come of all the supplications; the gods have turned a deM ear to all their worshippers ; science has made it clear that the world is governed by law, and that breach of law is pitilessly punished ; yet still the old, savage superstition finds vent in vain implorings, even, as in the Wairarapa instance, in the very jaws of death. The crippling influence of creeds which teach'a man to pray to Heaven instead of gripping a rope is a legacy from our prehistoric fore* fathers which accumulated experience with the greatest difficulty is extirpating. A JUDICIAL SCANDAL.—List week one of those discreditable scenes which periodically are presented before a jeering though disgusted public occurred in the Brisbane Police Court-over the application by W. H. Ashton for a slaughtering licenie in the Enoggera Division, through the unwarrantable intrusion on to the bench of certain " great unpaid " partizans of the applicant. Astiton r has already a license in the district, and he wishes to shift his yard, but to this the Enoggera Board decidedly objected, moved thereto by the desires of their ratepayers most interested. When the case came on, Mr. Pinnock and other magistrates ruled that they could not entertain the application ; in fact, that where a local authority had by-laws dealing with slaughter yards, tt.e power of granting or refusing was taken from the beach and vested in the board. To this ruling the majority bowed, though the P. M. thought they were against him, and he aud his friends retired. Curiously enough, Mr. Piunock has a bad head for figures, it being not so long ago that he insisted that lid was equal to Is Id, when arguing the question with a constable. Three JJ.H. remained—Jarman, a saddler, Hooker, a land agent, and Forrester, a nondeecript—none of * hom were on the weekly roster, aud the last-named had not sat on the bench for months, we might almost say years. Jarman, who evidently had it settled long before any evidence was given, shouted " we II soon settle it," Hooker, it is asserted, had publicly owned that the granting of the application would enable him to sell neighbouring land at £10 per acre. Why and for what did these men come to the court that particular morning ? To whom came Fenwick, a cattle salesman, equally willing to help a friend and customer over an awkward stile, though he was canny enough not to vote, only acting as amicus curia: ? The appliq^ion was granted, after Buch an exhibition oi judicial igaoranee and partizanship as even that court, notorious tor many such, rarely exhibited before. The whole was an illeg-«ity from start to finish, and these worthy folife will most likely find it an expensive one, as the matter goes to the Full Court, and they did it wilfully and with their eyes open, after repeated warnings to be better advised. The fact is, the licensing system of Queensland is an anachronism, in that we claim the government of the people by the people for the people. No body of men, however honest, can be unbiased, and till such timeB aL_ ;he people elect their own magistrates, we submit that it would be far better to appoint Disti ict Court judges as the licensing bench, one in each district, with 12 local assessors, not to vote, but to advise. A BIT OF HISTORY.—About a thousand years ago China 'and Japan, as they are doing now, were to fight each other about something. The Japanese flag, which was white, bad in itB centre a large red sun with radiating rays. The Chinese took the Japanese sun and put it on their own flag, bat with their national dragon before it, mouth wide open, ready to devour it. The picture was meant to symbolise the destruction of Japn&by; China. Unhappily for the Celestial Kingdom, however, its army' of 100,000 soldiers perished on the way, so that instead of swallowing the Japanese sun the dra^tn had to mourn the death of her own soldiers sent to fight. However, the Chinese have always kept the flag as a pledge, perhaps,-of what they still meant to du about Japan whenever the chance came. The Chinese flag is one of the gayest of all the. nations. Its body is of pale ye.low. In one corner is the red sun, juat referred to. 'hie Chinese dragon, its stomach a brilliant red and white, its back a green covered, with stiff knobs, is standing on three feet, while its tail stretches on at a great distance behind. Its mouth is wide open, as if the little sue was just ready to be Blipped down its ample throat. The Admiralty are despatching thirty-two Nordenfelt guns and an adequate supply of ammunition to Sydney for the use of merchant cruisers in caae of emergency. UMNIS&H; d the leases oi W. Ahern f 62v, Byron, J. i Canning, W. H. Morse: 4 H. Irwin. j A SAN no ATE ITEU.— Attt meeting of the Sandgate I bating Society, held at the last Wednesday, there was a nee and the debate on the subject the franchise be extended to wji carried on with .much seat, being . cided in the affirina^ve. An offei _ P. E. Hubbard, the English elocut render "An evening with the {K members and their friends,LWas cally accepted for Wednesday, The subject arranged for debate at meeting on the 21st inst, was "Is it < that a progress committee should be fo in Sandgate to promote popular sports 7 pastimes for visitors. WANTED TIMBER.—The timbergetten iftj the Moreton district are everlastingly *qiiijitl3| ing at the low prices obtained by then&ft;/ their logs, especially pine, that they havaf profit aud that the market is gtatM These assertions are distinctly untrue. Pit U very much up, and the Carriage Co. ! Nundah wish everybody to know that tin are <cash purchasers for any quantityTl those that have it on hand would do well ftp ? communicate with them at once. J NUNDAH STATE SCHOOL CONCERT.—Next! Friday evening a novel departure in concerts* will be given in the Nundan Recreation Hall, | by pupils of the local State school, in aid of * the school funds, under the baton of Mr. A. Kaye, entitled " John Bull and his Trades."' The argument of this operetta is that the:< various trades squabble among themselves &e1; to which is the most indispensable. John : summons the lot to his court to try the case. Arbitration offered by European monarctas is refused, and the various tradesmen sing |: the glories of each one's occupation, diversified with choruses. Confusion reigns supreme, until John interferes declaring - the„ must all help each other as all are brothers, a final chorus ending the cantata. The music is catchy all through, and diftfifM less will be well rendered, as boniiderable care is being spent in training the vouflg- sters. We trust a bumper house will greet their efforts, particularly as the admission Is J fixed at a reasonable figure, and after.f those present will only be helping their oi A GENTLE HINT.—L».J. Dagg&a;, M.L.I of Taraagulla, Vu, h is reminds hi_B v coiia eits, Who, since his return,have tr< u'jfedi over much with the extended hats—" 1 not returned to finance every institutio the district out of its troubles. I pri to put the salary allowed t^ mis as - member into my own pocket, an" I propose to endeavour to honesti salary." TOJ many electors reg£ of members as something in' the natu municipal subsidy. A HOLY MUCK RAKER.—St, 'Steady a worthy disciple in the pontic j M'Neill, who has been playing the. fool to large Sydney audienceq. j meeting this pure-m nded believer, ported to have t»ld his hearers T can't stand and dance half through^ and on into the early morning wit? less naked women. Von can't, (, stand it. Don't be a fool. (Sensat takes a first-class Baint to property i part of the man with the muck-n * diseased imagination of a dirty will smell out mpre uncleanlinestj than the average man runs aoros life. If this kind of person caul woman iu evening dress witho over with passion so maeh the this kind of person. And such elevate the souls of the asse* w) , listen ! Christianity once dwelt in j not made with hands." the gutter. This curio ment reminds us of w says of the Puritans _ _ baiting; not because they fijwl pathy with the poor bears, but spectators derived some pleasure sing the sport, and they be this nasty minded rhapsori breed, we tender the words of < speare: , Dost thou think, because thou ai there shall be no more cakes J Yes, by Saint Anne j aadgingeurj i' the mouth too. Brewer "Polly's hew brand of i from the Neurnm Factory does meet the public Me. It ft must costly mixture, if itltook £12 to Fieon the "" fflrtgri dot and would have got two without the option of a', into eourt, asitoqght to A Uberian.gtqtiOat'fi steamer on' killing twenty: The French has asked the credit of 65,000, of a military -1 The Czar Nl'J 22nd inrtant. 