An influential ami representative meeting was held at the Longreacb Hotel last -week to take into consideration the advisability of holding an Eisteddfod next year at Brisbane. It was unanimously resolved that one should be held on Good Friday next. A strong com mittee was formed to carry out the necessary work in connection therewith. A few of the musical gentlemen, including Mcssrs.W. Evans and G. Down, were appointed to select music for competition, the same to be submitted to the General Committee in it fortnight henee. Should the funds come in freely it is the inten tion to give substantial prizes for the choral competition?. Miss Ada Crosaley, acting on the advice given her on her last visit to Sydney, has (says the Daily Telegraph) placed herself as a student in tho hands of Charles Santiey. In this step the Australian contralto has displayed charac teristic wisdom. There is, perhaps, no man in the world bettor qualified to teach singing than Santley, and it is beyond doubt that no man in London has more inilucnco and power in pusliing on a young aspirant. If Miss Orosslcy remnins with Santley, and works hard, her public success in Euglaud may be regarded as an absolute certainty. MadamLucy Chambers diedou the Sth instant in Melbourne, aged -10. She was best known there during tho time of Mr. Lyster's first Italian Opera Company, and of late years has been engaged in teaching. Shevisited Launees ton, where she hud relations, last Christmas, and there bad a severe attack of influenza, from which she had not quite recovered when she returned to Melbourno and resumed tuition. Several additional pupils joined at • the beginning of the year, imposing a great strain on an already weakened, consti tution, arid Madam "Chambers became seriously ill and 3md to tako to her bed. Dr. Fitzgerald has been attemling her. The immediate cause of death was disease of the heart, Tho deceased lady was a native of Sydney, her father, a solicitor, having been for soino time partner of the late Mr. "William Charles "Wcntworth. Mme. do Vere-Sapio, who recently saug in London with so much success, has accepted a lucnitivo engagement for an extended tour in Austins, Tttfmauia, and New Zealand, and will return to England in October to fulfil he* ; engagements. r Fru Mathilda Linden, the Swedish singer, received not long ago from the King of Sweden the medal of Literis et Artibus for her singing in " Orpheus." Mme. "Wilhelroina Neruda-Halle will, ac* cording to present arrangements, visit Sweden; where sho has some of her greatest admirers, hi tho course of the spring. The Qucm says that quite a sensation was recently created by Mmc. Sofie Menter, in Berlin, St. Petersburg, and Moscow, by lier performance of the solo part in a fantasia for pianoforte and orchestra, composed by the late Peter Tscliaikowsky. Both in this, as also in a faniasie on Hungarian gipsy melodies, coin* posed by herself, and admirably scored by Tschaikowsky, sho appears to have workea up her audiences to an exceptional degree of - enthusiasm, and to have evoked ovntinu upon ovation. Many persons will hear with regret that Mr. F. Nichols Crouch, tho composer of "Kathleen Mavourneen," is still in a destitute condition in Baltimore, U.S.A.,' and he is nowin hisSGth year, and partly blind, has little hope of re lieving hismccessitiea by his own industry. Tn writing to a friend in England ho says ho - foolishly gave up liis position in London to establish Italian opera in America with Max ' Maratzek in 1849. This was a failure, and since that time he has faced forinne in various ' parts of America. A Chinaman, lately returned from a trip to Europe, treated his countrymen to the follow ing description of the piano: " Tho Europeans keep a large four-legged beast which they can " make to sing at will. A man, or more fre quently a woman, or even a feeble girl, sits down in front of the animal and steps on its tail, while at the same time striking its while teeth with liis or her fingers, when the fcrea tnrc begins to sing. The singing, though much louder than a bird's, is pleaSant to listen to. The beast does not bite, nor docs it move, thongh it is not tied up." A very melodious and charming setting of the Latin hymn, " O Salutaris,'' has recently been published by Messrs. Marriottand Williams, of Oxford street, London. It is the composition of Mi*. George Bobertson, of Wellington, New Zealand, who is well known there as an excel lent musician and pianist. It is in the key of D major, 3-4 time, modulating temporarily into G minor, with a. return to the original key • for an effective close. It has already been sung in public by several prominent London, vocalists, including Mr. Henry Guy, tbc chief tenor of the Chupel Royal, by Mr. Bartlett, of . the Kensington pro-cathedral, and others, and has deservedly won high favour. The English composer, George Osborne, who \ died a short time back at an advanced age, was the author of a brilliant salon piece called "La Pluie do Perles." It was at one time so. popular in England that everybody played it. At a certain concert, when the piece was at the. height of its popularity, Osborne, without having been expected, suddenly made hi3 ap pearance, and was at once asked to play. He , began his own piece, "La Pluie do Perles," •• and at onco provoked roars of lnughtcr.' "What was there to laugh at?" the pianist and composer asked himself. Only this—that7 at that same concert "La Plnio dei'erles" liad already been played four times. An interesting anecdote is being told of the late Mr. Aynsley Cook's' appearanco in un American law court as a basso. Ho was, it is said, in his early career engaged for an American tour. After a few weeks tho " ghost" ceased to walk, and the manager was sued by the irate creditor, who pleaded that the manager was to blame for having engaged so poor a company. This the manager denied, and asked leave to send for the "least known member " of the company, that he might sing to the court. Mr. Aynsfev Cook was seleoted. and sang "The Tillage Blacksmith " in a way-, that fairly took the court by storm. The judge dismissed the suit, making a jocular remark about the creditor's musical education having been sadly neglected. ' The musical contributor to the Dcihj Keia writes: The twenty-fifth anniversary of Lady Halle's debut as au adult violinist in London took place on May 17. On May 17, 1S69, she played at the Philharmonic concerts, and mainly owing to tho re iterated advice of Vieuxtemps, she re mained to take part in tho season of the Monday Popular concerts, and was afterwards a constant visitor to England until she finally took up her residence here. Lady Halle, how ever, as little Willielinina Noruda, made her first appearance iuLondou in 1S49, as a juvenile prodigy at the Princess's Theatre, afterwards playing at the Philharmonic, where she was severely criticised by Chorlcv, and was warmly praised by J. AT. Davison. The latter proved to be right. The music lioll artist commands more money than the best actor on thg boards legitimate.. Mr. Albert Chevalier is receiving from tho four music halls quite £300 to £400 per week, Hnd.a successful song in these halls of dazzling light, is worth to its composer a small fortune. There are some great singers, too, who cannot be tempted by opera. Mr. Edward Lloyd was ottered by tho late Carl Rosa a blank cheque to fill up if ho would sing in " Tnnnhauser, ' his dramatic instinct being great, but ho refused. And dear old Sims Beeves gave a refusal also of a blank cheque to fill up to sing on tho opening of the old Oxford Music Hall. It must havo been his dignity that stayed his hand, as the grand old tenor wants money sadly; Singers, and indeed artists generally,' are seldom thrifty. Ox the Colonial Totjb.—Famous Pianist (with long and bushy hair): " Himmell, bow hot it is! I really think I might have just half an inch cut off—just round the nape of my neck, you-know. Just thinned a little " His Agent: " Out of the question. Bemomher clause seven in the agreement—' your hair not to bo cut till the last concert in Australia is oyw oa thp 15th of March, 1895.' " . 