THE GHOST OF BUNYIP CREEK. " Two souls with bat a single thought, Two hearts that beat as one." Raining in torrents on a dreary plain, a leaden skj overhead, and water rushing at railway speed at oar feet, was the dismal outlook that confronted cousin Alice and myself at seven o'clock on the evoning of my story. We bad driven through rain a"hd mud since ten o'clock that morning, had crossed the Wonga Creek an hour previously, with the wator rushing into the buggy, and here we were after seven miles hard pushing, with tbe Bunyip a banker in f ont of us, aM the danger-mark six feet under water. The situation was not by auy means a cheering one. To attempt the croising would be sheb? madness, and we well knew that the Wtinga would be by this time also uncrossable, ~to that unable to advance, and with our retroat «ut off, we were compelled to remain in statu quo to await developments. An hour's painful 8U3p^n3e, and no abatement of the elemillfts co evinced us that it would be futile to hope for a fall of the creek for some hours, at all events. SJ the only resource was to make the best ot the situation. About 200 yards from the crossing was a dilapidated hut, built of loose rubble stones, with a bark roof and fireplace, and apertures in the front for two windows and a doorway. Of late years the tenement had baen occasionally used by teamsters as a shelter, but even by them only in inclement weather, for tbe place had a very bad name. It was rumored that years before, Ben Bali and his notorious gang had made a furious onslaught on the inmates, and that at one lime and another some most diabolical murders had been committed on the spot. Among the people in that district it was looked upon as a place to be shunned, and many and weird were the stories of spectral visitations, nightly perambulations, and unearthly sounds heard in the vicinity. From our early childhood Alice and myself had been filled with goblin stories about the Ghost of Bunyip Creek, and he had been pictured in such a variety of guises as to fill our childish fancies with intense fear and wonderment. However, growth of years had enabled as to look back upon all this as so much foolish nonsense, the outcome of elastic imagination. However, there was nothing but the hut for shelter, and so accordingly we repaired thither. Having taken the horses out and tied them up in one end of the hut, I wheeled the buggy to the lee side, and with the buggy cushions and rugs on the earthen floor, tried to make the best of it. A fire waB soon set going with a few strips of bark and sticks lying about, and we endeavoured to make things as comfortable as possible under the circumstances. The rain still continued to patter down on the roof, and the rushing of the water in the creek gave rather a melancholy bent to our thoughts. Somehow the conversation turned upon the long-forgotten ghost of Bunyip Creek, and Alice half jokingly speculated upon the prjbability of a visitation from that gentleman. Like most young striplings of 19, with more than the average amouut of Australian bravado, I immediately allayed (or thought I did) all her fears on that score, by assuring her that I would soon make short work of his Ghostship, should he appear, of which, however, I assured her there waa not the remotest possibility. The conversation then drifted on other topics, and before another hour had passed, Alice was snugly, ensconced in the arms of Morpheus, and well covered up with rugs, in the coener. After replenishing the fire I was soon following suit, with my back propped up against the wall. How long I had slept I know not, before I was awakened by a loud shrill scream, and at the same moment felt Alice clinging to my side, and shaking like an aspen leaf. " Look," she said, and turning my eyes in the direction of the doorway, a sight met my gaze which almost froze my blood in terror, and seemed to paralyse every nerve in my frame. The rain had ceased, the fire burnt out, the sky was clear outside, and the object in the doorway was clearly outlined on the dark ground of the horizon. How shall I deseribe it i Two long attenuated arms, white as alabaster, were stretched out, seemingly in mate appeal, from a headless coffin-shaped trunk of the same color, from which glared two fierce lustrous eyes, like balls of fire. The trunk tapered down to a point aboat 3ft. from the ground, and there the figure ended. It seemed to have no support whatever, but by some mysterious agency to float unaided in the air. I turned my back to the wall trying to convince myself that I was suffering from some hallucination. But the whispered voice of Alice recalled me : " See, Hal, it's moving!" I turned and saw the spectre had changed its position. The tapering end of the trunk was now extended upwards to the roof, and almost level with the top of the doorway, while the gaunt, outstretched arms seemed to have assumed a sinuous A deathly silence reigned for a few moments, rendered more dismal by the weird melancholy cry of the curlew in the swamp below. I could distinctly hear the beating of both our hearts as Alice crouched closer and closer to my side. The situation was intolerable. I felt heavy beads of perspiration on my forehead, and the most frightful terror seemed to have seized my every limb. I tried to Bhout, but my tongue seemed paralysed, so that I Eat there witb# my gaze still transfixed on the horrid thing " whose fiery eyes now burned into my bosom's core." Slowly and gracefully it lowered itself forward till the hands almost touched the ground, and as slowly rising with the same dignified mien, emitted a lijV, long, wailing moan that sent a thrill of htfrror through me. I could almost feel the foetid breath from the abominable thing. The girl fell like a log on my shoulder, and I knew that "tebe had fainted. Ever and anon from the sttfetnp below came the curlew's dismal note, and! felt that I could not bear much longer the ^terrible strain. Now the ghost commenced % swinging movement in the same slow time 8&<t»efore, but from side to side. Then three loW^lis- tinct means, as from the graves ot t&fe; dead, reverberated through the hut. I grew desperate, and with frantic terror disengaging my right arm from the fair form that was still clinging to me, hurled a stone I picked up in the fireplace with all my strength in the direction of the doorway. A dull, hollow sound told me I had hit my mark, and a loud clattering of retreating hoofe outside, that the cause of all the trouble was an old, long-horned, baldfaced, working bullock that had pat his head in the doorway to get out of the rain. After several years of married life Alice and I may safely say that we are " two souls with but a single thought," bat we agree that " two hearts that beat as one " was never better exemplified than on that eventful night when we encountered the GhoBt of Bunyip Creek.— Truth. 