Thk Laura . Salhy ards. — The well- attended meeting of ratepayers on Tuesday last (convened at a very short notice) in the Laura Town was in itself evidence of the interest felt by the ratepayers in the saleyards question. The heavy rains of last week made the Laura Saleyards in a deplorable condition ; and when Messrs. Elder, &mitb;, & Co. conducted their horse sale on the 19tb inst., the state of the yards can be better imagined than described. Mr. Hamp (auctioneer for Messrs. Elder, Smith aud Co.) stated that unless better accommodation was provided, he would conduct his sales elsewhere. This led the townspeople to move in the matter; and the meeting on Tuesday last carried a resolution to the effect that unless the present yards are at once put into repair to the satisfaction of the Council, that the Council be recommended to erect Corporation saleyards. A telegram was read to- the meeting to the effect that the S.A. Brewing Co. (the owners of the present saleyards) would pat the yards into thorough repair. It is hoped that the work will be efficiently carried out ; other wise further action may be taken by the Laura Corporation in the interests of the town. Trial of J. Lobbak's Cultivator. — Owing to the wet weather of last week, a proper trial of this implement could not be held on Friday last at 'Mr. Honey's farm. A few farmers, however, attended, and. the cultivator taken the length of the paddoek and: back. Those preseut were highly pleased with the Cultivator, which 13- now fitted with a sectional mould board > (for which a patent has been applied), the upper section of which is adjust- i able for deep and shallow ploughing. Glad-tone Circuit Court. — This i Court commenced its sittings yesterday before- His Honor Gliief Justice Way and juries. The first case called en was that el William Brown charged with the murder of his mate George Mosky in the nrigbor- hood of Lovefy Gully, Wankarmga. The Crown Prosecutor (Mr. J. M. Stuartji prosecuted, and J<. M. Solomon defended the prisoner. Several witnesses for the Crown were examined, and occupied the whole of the day. In the evening witnesses for the defence were called, and tha case adjourned until to-day. Surra and Kennedy's Comedy Co-. — This Company performed, to- a small house on Thursday evening, July 19, The small attendance was to fee regretted, the Company being one of the best that has visited us for a long time. " Pygmalion and Galatea " and " His Last Legs " were staged. Messrs. E. A. Stacey and J. H. Kennedy were heartily applauded for the excellent rendering of their parts in both pieces. The other periormera also performed admirably. If this Company should again visit us, they should he rewarded with a bumper house. Confirmation Services, — On Wed nesday evening Bishop Reunion conducted a Confirmation Service at St, Alban's Church, Gladstone. Tho church was well filled. The lesson — Matt, xiii— was read by the Incumbent (the Rev. F. Tower. M.A ), after, which an earnest and impressive ad dress was delivered by the . Bishop from the words Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you." The Bishop con trasted the early and later Christians, giving as the cause of waut of growth in present day Christians, a lack of earnestness and zeal. The meaning of confirmation was also explained. Afterwards five candidates were pre sented for the rite of confirmation, an address from the words, " And ye shall be witnesses unto Me" being subsequently delivered by the Bishop. Dr. Rennion concluded by a few fare well utterances. The Bishop's ad dresses were attentively listened to. Yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock a Confirmation Service was also con ducted at Wirrabara, and in the evening at St. John's Church, Laura. Crowded Out.— We are compelled to hold over correspondents' letters and other interesting matter. Stone Hut School, — Owing to an out break of diphtheria in the family of : Mr. D. Roper (the Head Teacher of the Stone Hut School) this Sch'ool has neen closed temporarily by the Board of Advice. The Codlin Moth.— We have received from the General Secretary of the Agri cultural Bureau (Mr. A. Molineux, F.L.S.) a pamphlet on the above subject. A copy will be posted to any one forwarding a penny stamp to Mr. A. Molineux, Port Germein Auction Mart .—Mr. N Simons. J.P., has opened an auciion mart at Port Germein, where periodical and other sales will be held. The opening sale will take place on Saturday, August 11. when Mr. H. Copas will sell a quantity of galvanised iron and timber. New Boot Shop. — The Federal Boot Company announce in another column that they intend opening a branch of their business in Herbert street, Laura, (next J. Hill's fruit shop) shortly, and will sell goods at town prices. This company have several branches throughout the colony, Ths Weather.— Further showers of rain fell during the latter part of last week, the rainfall registered at the Laura Post Office being as follows : — 20th, 0.070; 21 8t, 0-030; 23rd, 0-260. The rainfall for the month of July up to the present has been 2-600 inches, We are pleased to know that welcome showers have fallen in other parts of the district, and will prove of great benefit. A gentleman who has been travell ing in the district around Petersburg reports a limited, rainfall there, coastal rains only having fallen. Evangelistic Services.— It is announced in our advertising columns that the Misses Green and Nesbitt (C inference Evangelists) will conduct a missiouin the Laura Wesleyan Church, to comramce -on Sunday next.. The services on Sundays are as follows: — Prayer Meeting a 7 A.m. ; Evangelistic Services at 11 a.m., 3 p.m., and 6.30 p.m. The services are to be continued each even ing during the co iling week at 7.30 p.m. Successful missions have bjen conducted by these ladies in various parts of the colony. Tub Fkk Sisgebs. — This -talented com pany are advertised to appear at the Laura Town Hall to-morrow .evening, July 28. They have just had wonderful success in West Australia. This is their last appearance in Laura prior to leaving for India, China, and Japan. On their last visit to Laura, disappointment was felt at the absence of Miss Maitie E. Allan, the lady tenor, whose phenomenal voice caused nincll excitement in musical circles throughout America, Eng land, Africa, and Australasia. To-morrow evening a Laura andience will have an op- portuniy of listening to this lady. Colonial Manofactores.— The follow ing extract referring to the Antwerp Exhibition, taken from the British Aus tralian will be read with interest : — " The first object which strikes the attention is a large case coutaiuiug the exhibit of Messrs. W. H. Burford & Sons, of Adelaide, manufacturers of candles, soap, starch, and similar products. It speaks well for the pluck and enterprise of a colonial firm that they came to Europe to compete with manufacturers of the Old World, whose businesses have been slowly expanding since the days of tallow candles, and which have been built up by slow degrees of evolution to their present pitch of perfection. And the colonial firm comes well out of the com petition. The tastefully- arranged pyra mids of stearine candles, the array of soaps of various kinds, and of kinds made only in Australia, as for instance, the Eucalyptus and Wattle Blossom, are a gratifying evidence of the flourishing con dition which the industry has attained."! . 