Remarkable Religion, A Russian Journal describes a peculiar re ligious movement in the winter of 1891-2 in the province of Kiev. The originator was a Russian, given to drink until the age of forty years, when lie reformed and joined the Cl «« nJltnn ' XmTI A t . _ 1 . .t 11. 1? . uiuuuisbSj luuuwuig acbiuubij me religions rites of the sect, and often going into a condition of ecstasy. A few years later he- began to suffer from hallucinations, among others perceiving ex tremely pleasant perfumes, which he de clared to be the smell of the Holy Ghost. .Then he conceived that he " was possessed of the Holy Ghost, and that he was Jesus Christ.. B.e obtained numerous peasant followers, who sold' their possessions, gave up work, and looked upon their insane - leader as the Saviour of the world, iu which there should soon be new regulations ; no one should die, and no one should have need to work or to carefor the future, for God would care for them all. Most of them suffered from hallucinations of the sense of smell, perceiving extremely agreeable odors, which- they described as psrtaining to God and Heaven. Many had a feeling of remark able bodily lightness, as if floating in the air, and many others were taken with convulsions, manifestly hysterical. The congregations wero always noisy and excited, some falling to the earth, others jumping, striking them selves on the breast, and shouting inarticu lately. Some would imitate conversation: but it consisted of incomprehensible, sense less sounds, which they believed to be a language spoken somewhere. Most of them were emaciated and auremic. The epidemic was finally overcome by the authorities; those who were most insane being shut up in asylums, while the hysterical were sent to hospitale and convents. The London County Council would appear to be somewhat irritating occasionally in the exercise of their functions in respect to theatrical affairs. A certain Countess de Bremont arranged and advertised, so it would appear, a charitable entertainment at the theatre attached to the Prince of Wales' Club, hut somo two hours before the doors wero to be opened she was informed that the Lon don County Council had decided not to per mit any more performances for which money was taken at the club's unlicensed theatre. 