PRESBYiTERiAN CHUlRCH. HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES. The annual harvest festival in connection with this church took place on Sunday, large and appreciative congregations gat her ing morning and evening. The decorations were of achoice and tasteful description and the display of fruit, vegetables, and grain,. was rich and luscious to the eye of the beho der. The Rev W. Gray Dixon, of Warrnambool conducted both services. In the morning he preached upon the subject of "'The Two Worlds: the seen and the unseen." (2. Corinthians IV. 18.) No sane man doubted for a momentabout the seen ; it was continually felt, all its physical features are present' to our senses, aild it appeals to us a very real world indeed. Its inhabitants, toiling, rejoicing, sorrowlng, with adl their cares and worries, pleasures and pasimes, impress us with the realisur of this seen world Yet while this seen world appears so great, while it is so leal and vast, there is a vaster, a more seal world but unseen. The only key to enable ns to enter this unseen world is Faith. What and where is this unseen world P Poetically it is "beyond the stars,".it is " beyond the grave," but' in neither cage have w'the true boundary line. The un. seen is not for the future only, it is here now, ever present, abiding with us, and we can only discein it with the spirit through faith. Much the better par., of our daily life belongs to the unseen world. We labor to obtain gold, so that we can see it, feel it, obtain luxuries with it, but is Gad lees real than go d. These two worlds are one, and the visible is the less important, the better part of our lives belonging to Ged'e universe which can be only spiritually discerned, There are many persons not indifferent to princeple. but because it is unseen some even strain their principle to gain someadvantage snbordinating principle to property, and again how many subordinate God for go:d. The eternal differs from the temporal in the extension of its duration, the things seen last only for a time, things unseen last for ever--thins of sease perish, those of spirit, live. 'lhe joy of harnest i, mingled with sadnces. We mingle our sweetest songs with our harvest thanksgiving, yet all these things at present before our eyes will perish, and next year there willbe another harvest, again for its produots to disappear. The unseen good of our thanksgiving will list, the visible in all its phases is doomed. The eternal also differs from the temporal in the intensity of its nature; this is the radical different The eternal is supremely real, its perpetuity is the result of its potepcy. The unseen is more substantial, the invisible is really the substance. To every Christian believer the harvest fields are the sacramental shadow of things unseen, pre sided over, and provided for us by a benign and heavenly light, in the person of God, the all-wise and powerful. Whither do specirl graces lead us ? Where does truth lead us ? It leads us to God. All our highly feelings are but emanations from God. The Holy Ghost-is in the' world unseen, and through Christ we are enabled to see the Father. He is in touch with our immortal spirits. If we would gain this unseen we u ust be enabled to breath God's spirit, to accept pardon through Christ, and while salvation is near. To look at things unseen is pr-fitable in every way, and is .a great stimulus to service. He only truly lives who lives in the light. There can be no enduring work unless it is in alliance with the unseen of which faith is the keystone. Beware ef the delusion that faith is unmanly. The only true manhood is to have faith and resort to prayer. Look through the veil which is being torn aside so that you may behold the vast world where Christ reigns. The Rev. gentleman's discourser in'the evening was on " Christ is all" (CuloBsians" III, 11th verse). One could not fail to notice he said, the difference between St epistles to the Thessalonians, Galatians and Romans, which were written after his wanderings in Arabia, and that other set of epistles which he wrote to the Colossians, Philippians and Ephesians, after 'lis two years' imprisonment in Caesarea. The former refer to the relation of Christ to the law of Moses, and set forth the great truth that man is justified by faith alone, not by works. In the second set St Paul referred not so much to the relation of Christ tr. the law, as to the univease to heaven, to angels, to, men, Christ's humanity is universal; ie have absolute brotherhood in the humanity of Christ. These epistles preseiat the universality of faith, the ope sing of; the Christian's universe, and thae universe is Christ. In the first place Chsist is all in redemption. He is the ground of our acceptance with God. It is what Christ is, and what He has. done. which commend us 'o God. In His sight all our good works, our very righteouness is as fithly rags. Faith is .not the groundof acceptance with God. He does not look to see if there is faith, as. .that. would make faith a virtue. .He looks ton Christ. Some one may say "I do not feel saved. but it may come if I keep on praying." Here self comes in and will intrude ittelf. It 'is not your feelings that-- sa?e ybu. What you feel cannot effect the freedom of the divine will and love. Again some will say . "I am not earnest enough. If I could only pray I might be able to participate in the feelings of being saved." Leave that to Christ, He, as your Elder Brother, is praying for you at your side' every day. Another says, I am troubled about predestination and election. How am I to know that I am one of the elect." God's will is that all should be saved. With scientific accuracy no man can deny election, it is[ simply the law oi religion, God is love and will have all to be saved, it is no condition of salvation that we must 'believe in elction. Christ is all as subsaten ance of lifewith God. He lays hold of us and , then gives us eternal life, no one can pluck us from his hand. Christ's bhoken'bodg and shed blood are your, food an?eyp become one with him, Christ is al l-i creation. Thisthought peredes all others. losically, but it is only after recognisine Christ as all in our personal redemptio Sthat we really begin to think and ls d alight. -He is the mediator of creation as of redempiion; all through creation w look to Christ to keep our souls alive, ti onable ua.to grow in grace, to fit us for th next w6rldi When redeemed we sea Chris all thologh nature, we look up at the st~sr host and say"Christ made all" Yes. thad Gelileancarpenter m ýe.all the world0 ai. contrgls :the meichsism of ?naa , relievinig this the a:orld becomes=tW B "d new world, we look at it as with tinte glaseses, no beautifullis everything. In the present all nature is redolent a.id significant of Christ, and looking forwarli ae behold a great white throne and great preparation. as for the coming of a king who will establish his reign. Christ is all. 