CHAPTER II. Thera are few scenes in New Zealand more grardly rugged than ihe Oban Valley, Tara- i naki, the spot where the volunteers had fixed ( their bivouac on the 24th of December, in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. Xt r was Christmas Eve, the time night, a calm g lovely night, with moon and stars studding ) the dark blue canopy of heaven—as on the night of the advent of the Master, nearly e nineteen hundred years ago. _ 1 Ihe camp was oomposed of six. hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, to- j gether with one troop of Caversham's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small 3 hill adjacent to where the commissariat stores 3 had been piled and covered over by a large 1 tarpaulin. Oi the sixty men of the troop, ten of their number had been told off as a guard, i under tbe charge of Sergeant Exley. _ The ] supply of grog and provisions are only limited 1 and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There were six < quarter casks of rum standing in a row flank- 1 ing the stores. The sergeant called the guard , together about the watchfireand said : “Comrades, I need hardly remind you of ; the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish the slightest : neglect or oareleBBness with severity. Mind 1 that, and, above all, remember that any man , found neglecting his duty will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand 1” . They appeared to understand very well; they glanced towards the rum puncheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to con oem himself about thalr welfare. There were others about the fire who did not be long to the guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra firma, if ooe might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and ! while the sergeant warned his men, was ! deeply intent attempting to balance a camp , pot on the rough nose of a magnificent water spaniel at his side. The experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with gaping mouth. The boy, who answered to the nom de guerre of “ Sandfly,” was one of that gender known as a camp-fag and general knock about among the troopers. He could speak English pretty well, eo tar as. lying went, and was withal one of the moBt misohievous young vagabonds in Maoiiland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen east wind, which made the air biting cold'aDd set the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug comer beneath tbe tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradu ally thinned antil only two persons remained Bested by it — Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and siucere friendship existed between these twain, yet no men were more opposite in personand disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in ; bearing, but weak and yielding to the verge . of pusillanimity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bull-dog. How oame these two to be friends! Simply through one little act of kindness. , At the storming of the Maori stronghold ' “ Te Kanga,” Bob Cable lay bleeding to , death ontside the enemy's trenoh, from a ( severe gash in his side, received daring the attack. The volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his life Charlie Stanton walked coolly out to the trenoh, and brought in the wounded man upon his hack, amidst a per fect hailstorm, of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob bad often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than • \- And here they alt by the fire, with the dog , . between them, and a small flask of rum wfciah , has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their ; Waikato campaign over again. _ , Presently there is a oall for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, , wishes Cable “Good-night,” and answers It is his turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the oamp, save for the wild Boreeeh of the pelew out yonder by the lake. Sandfly, crouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams, by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noise lessly lifts one end of tbe covering, and peepa forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannikin in his hand, talking to the sentry in 1 a low, earnest tone. "Indeed,Charlie, I see no great harrnm takings glass of grog on each a cold night. We are not in town, where it 00old be easily ; obtained, therefore one must get itby stealth. • Of course, you are on sentry, and oan pre vent my taking any, but I must say a small ball pint out of one ol these casks would never'be missed." , , - ■ <• perhaps not, answered Charlie Stanton carelessly. “ Pray do as you pleate yew; 1 have command of the guard; ont I say, 1 Exley, what about that lecture yon gave ua 1 respecting General Orders and Colonel Bar r topp’a stem discipline!" I The sergeant laughed in a quiet way and . replied, “ Wait until you’re promoted again, , Charlie, then adopt my plan. One ride for > the men, the other for your friends. Surely • yon were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in General . Orders or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. 1 Bunkum red tape, to ■ the end of [ the chapter. Til bet Colonel Bartow) has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good.ljqnor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watch through the long night in this sharp wind, not wet amt whistle, when it is here ready at our hand V “ Bravo, Exley! Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quartermaster,' but, I repeat, you are my superior officer and— there are the casks.”* . “ Good. Thu fellow here seems m little apopleotia. We will bleed him.” “ With all my heart, hut how will you do it, through his bunghole ?” oried Charlie, laughing.” “No! Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I hare a gimlet. No w, keep watch while I spile this fellow’s frontis Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good natured inconstant dupe seen that look he would hare thought twice before hobnobbing' with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring man by his own standard, saw nothing in it saves goou fellow in want of a nobbier, and' who had pluck ensugh to hazard his sergeant’s stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as eilently as a ser pent, Sandfly beheld Exley holding the panni kin under a thin stream issuing from one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gur gled as it spouted into the pot. When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the Sergeant plugged it up “ Now, comrade, take a nip.” _ “ After you,” said Charlie politely. “ The girls we left behind nB,” and the ser geant put the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink an.v. . “ I’ll give that pledge with all my heart,” responded Charlie; • in proof of which he . almost emptied the pannikin at a draught. It took away his bre&m; rfor'the moment, bat that was nothing, the night was oold. “ What do you say, shall we refill the gob let, Stanton ?’’ “ By all means, Exley,” and the pot was replenished. “ I did not expect we were going to have such a jolly time in general,” said the sentry, seating himself on one of the punoheons, with the can of rum between his knees. “ Come, Clem, take a sip and pasB the decanter.” In a short time the measure was again empty, and onoe more refilled. The liiry spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, and soon began to tell on the trooper. “ We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard,” said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. “ It is now past midnight, and I don’t expect the visit ing officer before four o’clock.” “ Oh, bother the visiting rounds—pass the pannikin, Clem.” "I suppose you don’t mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Charlie?” “ Not at all. I am content to remain here nntil daylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here’B your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general.” The Sergeant watched him with glittering eyes. “ Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy,” he said. “If Nonsense. Hero, hold my carbine; the pot is empty.” One a.m. by the sergeant’s watch, and the sergeant'* companion is growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering1 about. . The sergeant watches him—watches him fall prone down, sight and senses gone. Then Exley knows that the bird is snared—the rat safe in the trap. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the commissariat guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correct. “How many sentries have you, Sergeant Exley?” “ Only one, captain.’' “ I will visit him.” It was usual for two men of the guard and the non-commissioned officer in charge to accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to the stores, hut, of course, there was no one to challenge their approach. “ Halt1." oried the officer, “how’s this. Where is your man, sergeant?" he asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered the Maori lad emerged from bis hiding place and pointed out the dark inert form of the tipsy sentinel, stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the hut and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to enquire how the man cot drunk on his post. The leaking cask, the gimlet and the pannikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him told its own tale plainly. " “ This is a very unfortunate matter, oried the sergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tone. ‘ ‘ What is to be done, sir ?” “Done! Why, your duty, Sergeant Exley, of oouree,” responded the captain. “Carry the poor devil to the guard-tsnt, and put another man in his stead. I’ll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return,’’ Morning came with its rosy blush, tinging the hilltops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumes of intoxication. “Is this but the prelude to her dream?” ho muttered. “Gad, it would seem so. Here are the oircle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley. Yonder the Oban Lake gleaming in the early sun, like a burnished shield. What more? Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the first act of the dream?—the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles ? We shall see. Charlie Stanton, it would have been well had yon or I never seen Kiora Selby, l’oor wretch, sleep on. When thon wakest thou wilt see the cat ready: and now to snatch an hour’s rent.” 1 ... . He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sandfiy, was heard calling for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tent oooupied by Bob Cable. (to be continued.! 