[?] WiWfWmMWm Br -£« i» Jean Middlemss CHAPTER NxXVI. — The Ghosm op the Past. 41 An old, bent man, worn out and frail, He came back from seeking the Holy Grail." Scarcely two years had elapsed since Clement Dunraven had left Aboyne Court for the foreign travels, during whioh he hoped to find that peace of mind which passeth all understanding ; when one evening, when he Vvvr r\r\ mAflfia ATnAO.tAil . llA AlSknt. infA Kiq yv ao u1 uv ww»vvy v»vyv hiw hid own house by the back door. One of the maids, who saw him, ran shrieking to the housekeeper and said she had seen Sir Clement's ghost. The housekeeper told her "not to be a fool," and went out to look fcr herself, and then che too trembled with affright until she heard the well-known voice. " Don't be alarmed, it is myself ; Clement Danraven in the flesh. I have been very ill, and have come home to die." "Oh, Sir Clement, why ever didn't you let us know that, we might have had things a hit comfortable tor you." " All right — all right ; don't trouble your self. There'll be comfort enough for me. Light a fire in the library, Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and send for Dr Watson." The night w&b; a cold one, though it was only mid- October, and the trees were still heavy with mellow, golden foliage. There was something about Sir Clement's manner and appearance which repelled ques tion, so th9 servants bestirred themselves to prepare dinner, get his bedroom ready, and make the place as home- like as the short notice would permit, without asking for any further orders. Sir Clement, meanwhile, sat down In front of the fire, whioh had been speedily lighted, and took no notice of any one. It was not until Dr Watson entered the room that he roused up from his reverie. The summons to come at once to Sir Clement Danraven had been received by the little docior with no small dismay, and a presenti ment of coining trouble took powerful posses sion of him ; nor was lus dread of the future in 8Dv way lessened when he saw the man who had sent for hxm. "Doomed to death," was the Doctor's mental verdict, and that torture of mind had ended in producing torture of body, he was Tint cfnar in #1 jsnirlfficr Sir Clement held out his hand, and said, feebly : " It is good of you to have come so soon." How gladly would Dr Watson have grasped it, but that the recollection of the awful accusation made by Jim Giendinning rose vividly in his mind. He pretended not to see the extended hand, but drawing a chair close to his patient, tried to epeak cheerily. "Sorry you have come back ill, Sir Clement ; we must see if we can patch you up." But Sir Clement noted at once the want of cordiahty, and said, bitterly : " You cannot minister to a mind diseased.' but Biuce I see you know or have guessed the truth, you will make my task easier. " Dr W atson merely answered withan "Ah," and Sir Clement went on : " I have not much belief in parsons. They would ruin you if they could, as Singleton tried to ruin me. But I have sent for you, Watson, because 1 know you to be a true and honest man, and as such you will help me to make the best atonement for the paet that is in my power." " I wi.1 use my best endeavors so to do," answered Dr Watson, but would not Sir Miles Berkeley " " No— no," cried Sir Clement, interrupt ing. Berkeley has a wife, and, I hear,- a child. Let him be happy and ignorant. I will not have him freighted with my misery. Yon must hear many a tale of wretchedness, Watson ; it is in your calling." " Alas ! Tales of wretchedness and snffer- ng that one cannot always assuage." " There is only one incurable disease of which the torture cannot be alleviated, and that is the disease from which I am dying now — it is called Remorse." " Oh, Sir Clement, repentance must bring alleviation of suffering, even to the most re morseful." " 1 have repented, humbled myself in dust and ashes for my sins, but I am no happier. Remorse gnaws as a canker worm at my heart. Should I be happier if I bad made a public confession, and allowed the law to take its course ? I think not. Anyway, it would have brought misery and obloquy on innocent people. . So I resolved to keep my secret. It is wearing me out, and the severest pun ishment I nan inflict on myself is that I have refrained from my own destruction. However, the end is not far off now, and before that end comes I want yen to know the truth." "What good to tell it, Sir Clement. Be fore the worde have fallen from your lips yon may regret having spoken them." "I can never regret having asked a gooi man to be the guardian of my child — you wil till not refuse ? Dr Watson winced, bnt he accepted the guardianship. \- a- 44 Lisa is my child," continued Sir Clement, 44 end Lisbeth her mother, my lawful wife, whioh Lady Gertrude never was.,,v f " Sir Clement, for mercy's sake keep silence. Think of the memory of that pure, virtuous lady, and keep silence." 44 To all but youT will do so, but you must know the truth, or you cannot do the best for my child and her brave mother. If I die without a will this property cannot go to- Lisa, unless her legitimacy proved. In jus tice to Lady Gertrude I -am going, with your ielp, to make a will leaving everything to .Lisa, my adopted daughter, who is to take the name of Dunraven. This may seem to you to be unjust to Lisbeth, but she agreed to be supplanted by Lady Gertrude, in order that I might become my uncle's heir, and, therefore, she must bear her share of the sorrows brought on us by our joint folly. Ah, if I had never deserted Lisbeth, I might iiave been poorer, bnt I should have been a far happier man." " She is the best and noblest among women," said the doctor, fervently. Sir Clement looked at him keenly. TTi« eyes fell as before those of an inquisitor, for ke felt that Sir Clement had guessed the de sire of his heart. ' I see I have appealed to the right man," said Sir Clement after a pause. 44 Win her if you can, Watson, and if my blessing, the blessing of a wretched criminal, is of any avail, you have it with all my heart. To know that my poor Lisbeth will have a rest ful, happy home is far more than I deserve." Nothing more was said on the matter; what could be said as long as Clement Dun- raven lived P Pens, ink and paper were pro duced, and the last will ana testament of Clement Dunraven was written out. In it he left everything of which he died possessed, including Aboyne Court and all its valuables, to his adopted child, Lisa, whose birth had been registered at a registrar's in the City Road under the name of Lisa Ellis, on con dition that she henceforth took the name of Dunraven. The guardian and the sole executor to he his tried and valued friend, Richard Watson, MJD. The butler and Brown, the bailiff, were sent for to witness the signature of their master, and this supreme effort bavin? been made, it seemed as if Sir Clement Dunraven's work cm earth, was nearly done, for he then lay back in his ehair in such a condition of syncope that brandy had to be poured down his throat, and Dr Watson decided that he would pass the night at Aboyne Court. But, considering that he had been left executor and guardian to Lisa, and knowing what his own feelings were towards Lisbeth, he did not believe himself to be justified in remaining there without letting anyone know of Sir Clement's return. So he sent a man on horseback over to the Snuggery, to acquaintSir Miles with the faot of Sir Clement .. Dunraven's return in very bad health, mid to request him to ride over in the morning. After a time Sir Clement rallied somewhat, ; and Dr Watson and the butler got him to bed. He seemed in such a strange, semi-oonsoioua state that the doctor took up his . position in an armchair, and arranged for -the butler to sleep in an adjoining room, so that he might be at hand if his services were required in the night. As the doctor had expected, the distress ing unrest whioh the unhappy man experi enced was most sad to witness. In vain Dr Watson tried every available means to quiet him. He tossed ceaselessly from side to ride- in feverish excitement, muttering every now : and again somewhat incoherently ; only Dr : Watson, who held the key, understood full well how sorely the poor distracted mind was troubled. As is frequently the case, with the break of dawn the 'restlessness and ex citement grew more intense, and the mutter— . ings became shouts -and loud cries for help-- k Dr Watson was thankful that the butler was a heavy sleeper. He would not for worlds have had him hear the unhappy man's ravings, and, violent though Sir Clement was, he pluckily determined to manage hum, if possible, by himself. 41 How dare he come between me and Lis beth? Ah ! the water is deep, and black, and cold. What no movement, no sound, rilenoe ! My God, what silence ! No voice, not a leaf stirring ; nothing but that black, still water, and the rushes. Ah ! the rushes will hide it. Let we gol Let me go r I can stay here no longer. Away, uway, from this terrible place. You shall not hold me; let me go. The police coming ! The manacles 1 v The mob in the court I Old Jim's jibbsnng face ! The gallows. It was a fearful and awful sight this tor- tore of mental agony, and in all his wide practice Dr Watson had neyer before wit- Eewed smoh a scene. He fought through bravely, however, and by means of -an anaesthetic, for which he had sent to his surserv early in the evening, he managed to quiet the egftated btmin, and by the tune the Lrt wakenings - ot life we.ltnthe house. Sir Clement Danraven had tank into an uneasy, unnatural sleep; whjto " ®r SJ', was ao exhauatad by what he hedmrae through, that itwaa only by en ofwiil ttath. managed to pull himself together so as to be able to proceed with she terrible duty of faw«iiing fliia wretched man. ... Till this hour he had put away from his mind, as the mere chimera of an unhinged brain, Jim Glendinning's assertion about the part whioh Clement Dunraven had played in the death of Pierce Vaugham Now he had no farther doubt on the subject ; the true murderer lay before him, and might even yet be brought to justice. Dr Watson thought that the hours of his life were numbered ; still, there was no saying what turn he might take, or who might hear the ravings which could not fail to convict him. For himself, he intended to say nothing ; the punishment Clement Dunraven had received was a heavy one, and who waB he that he should deliver him over to the law, blighting the memory of one true, loving woman, and the life of another by his fall ? Many might cavil at, and argue about Dr Watson's reasoning, and how he jnstified himself in thus condoning crime, but he oared not. The presence of Death was omnipotent in that room, and the terrors of remorse acoompanying it made all earthly punishment seem small and unreal. The efforts of those interested to keep Lady Gertrude and her memory free from the taint were, however, to meet with success. When Sir Miles Berkeley arrived, it was to find the sufferer still slumbering. Nor did he ever recover sufficiently to recognise any of those who were about him. The terrible crisis was over, and, thanks to Dr Watson's loyalty, the dire events then revealed would never be divulged. Sir Clement lingered for many hours, vitality being stronger than the doctor had expected. He took what nourishment they gave him apathetically, but did not speak ; the brain was numbed, and the pulse and powers were gradually growing feebler. Towards evening a tall figure in a long blue cloak came up the stairs with a halting step, and Lisbeth gazed for the last time into the living face of the man she had so desperately loved, that she had sacrificed all her happiness in life for his dear sake. She knew nothing of the will, nothing of what had been done for' Lisa, and she asked nothing. All her thoughts were absorbed in him who lay there dying in the prime of his manhood, the victim of his own sins. Nor were there any tears in her eyes as she looked at him, hut prayers, heartfelt and deep, were in her heart; prayers that he might not be punished everlastingly for his grave transgressions. -Considerate always, Dr Watson went away, and kit her with the dying man. He would not pry into the secrets of that woman's heart, and truly a veil should be drawn over her sorrow and her agony. An hour later Clement Dunraven was dead, and the tall figure went down the staircase noiselessly, as she had mounted it, away into the silent night, where the moon, shining brilliantly to guide ker steps, and the stars effulgently beaming, gave her hope that the pathway even through the valley of the Shadow of Death was not wholly drear, and that mercy was extended even to the greatest sinners. The news of Lisa's heirship, whioh was Epread about soon after Sir Clement's funeral took the entire neighborhood by sur prise, and, of course, various were the com ments made upon it. Everyone whispered to his intimate that he knew the truth, had known it for yean, hut no one guessed the riddle aright, saveDr Watson and Mrs Sin gleton, and they were silent as the grave - wherein the dead lay buried. And so, after awhile, the gossip ceased, the social gatherings re- commenced, and the world ran on its usual course, as if Sir Clement Danraven had never existed. Dr Watson took means to have LiEa edu cated in a manner befitting her future posi tion, and was ably assisted by Lisbeth. Whether the little doctor will ever per suade Liebeth to give up her 44 Home" and its suffering inmates, and begin life anew with him in the red- brick house on the out skirts of the town, is one of the problems of the fnture. Lady Maroia says that, of course, riie ought to marry him, and that there is plenty -of money to found a real big 44 Home" in memory of Lady Gertrude. Hitherto Dr Watson has keen too shy to put the question and if the marriage takes place, it will probably be because Lady Marcia has brought it about. THEEBD. 