Parliamentary Elections. ADDRESS. TO TEE ELECTORS OF TP.E DEMON DIVISION. Gentlemen, 1 do myself the honor to solicit, at your hands, the right to represent ycu in the Legislative Assembly, now in course ol perconal reconstruction. In making this appeal for your votes, I wish to be under stood as soliciting only such support as the electors, collectively and individually, feel disposed to honestly and intelligently con cede nte. If, after studying my views as here detailed and instituting necessary com parisons between myself nnd any opposing candidate, an elector feels that he can con sistently accord me an ungrudging support, 1 shall feel grateful for the honor of his individual patronage. If, on the other band, he finds fault with my political principles or doubts my capacity to intelligently repre sent the Denieon Division, then I do not wish to be regardedas desirous of improperly influencing his personal preference. In either caee I will accept the verdict of the ballot-box without complaint. LOCAL, LIFE-LONG ASSOCIATIONS. Personally, I nee! no introduction to your nottae. Having resided in this electorate for my life-time, you and I are no strangers to each other. Yon have had repeated opportunities of judging the sort of man I am ; and if you do not think me worthy of your extended confidence, I am not the man to complain. I feel confident, however, that the friendly relations between myself and my fellow electors Lave been strengthened by my twelve years' unbroken service as your representative in the City Council. Although by no means a believer in the spirit oi localism which bounds a candidate's aspira tions by municipal ' roads and bridges,' yet I am entitled to remind you that, if my views are politically unobjectionable, my life-long acquaintance with the requirements and necessities of tbe electorate, and my matured experience in advocating them in tbe City Council, are circumstances which should reasonably strengthen the chances of my success as your representative in Pallia FHEEDOIf OF TRADE. As you are aware, the Tital question at issue at the ensuing Election concerns the supremacy of Freetrade or Protection. With out hesitation I deEire to enrol myself among tbe Fiiptorters of that policy, which places neither tax ner restriction upon the people's right to liny in whatever market they choose. Frittrade practically brings tbe products of every maikct to the colonists' door; Pro tection hearily fines b;m for the privilege of having outside the colony's boundaries. Naturally I am a Freetrader by both choice and conviction, and on this test question I boldly nail my colors to tbe Freetrade mast. I make no compromise whatever with the the played-out tricteries of the Protectionist policy. Kuch a doctrine of Trade restriction and Commerce-in-Chains I utterly Fcont and discountenance. I make bald to assert that the measure of Protection wLich the electors were duped into endorsing at tbe last General Election has been long ago repented oi :n commercial 'sackcloth and ashes;' aud the popular experience of the Ghost of Depression which has stalked in its wake lias been quite dismal enough to chill and kill all the glowing hopes with which the advent of Protection waE hailed by my duped and misguided countrymen. The industries which we were assured would spring into existence under the magical wand ef a Bostrictionist policy are everywhere 'con- spicuous by their absence.' On the other hand, the only material effect of the indis criminate taxation has been to raise the price of the taxed articles, and to create a spurious increase of revenue by levying direct duties literally ' upon the backs and bellies of the poor.' Having regard to the pauper ism and serfdom in which Protection, has enslaved the workmen in other nations, I do not see my way clear to give that alien and despotic policy theslighteEt encouragement in this free and enlightened land ; and, therefore, if returned to Parliament, I will give my support to every proposal which aims at exterminating Protection—' lock, stock and barrel' — from a country which has been visibly and manifestly depressed by its intro duction. . AUSTRALIAN FEDERATION. Instead oi cramping the colony's progress, or forging fiscal fetters to enslave its work men, I hold it to be the urgent duty of both electors and elected to help on every move ment for the country's conversion into a great and growing nation, independent of artificial props to Trade or illegitimate in junctions to Commerce. Bach a movement is the great question of Australian Federa tion, which— on-ve the fiscal feud is^ ionght ant to freedom- will inevitably overshadow and absorb all he minor questions of the hour. Iapprove of Federation on any possible basis of intercolonial agreement ; and I purposely make no preliminary stipulations becauBe I recognise that once the colonies are welded into a Joint Power and Common Dominion, the spirit of Australian Freedom and the genius of Australian Liberalism will ensure the early establishment of a National Policy, of which the basis will be a Liberal and Progressive Democracy. THE NOMINEE CHAMBER. Pending the creation of a Dominion Parliament uppn more progressive and liberal lines than- those which regulate our present Constitution, I would actively and heartily endorse any effort to reform the Legislative Council. The life-long irrespon sibility which its members enjoy has had the effect of setting that Chamber in fre quent successful defiance to the wishes of the people, as voiced by their representatives in tbe Assembly. I am not in faror of an elective Upper House, because that would mean the creation of a second Chamber under circumstances which would compel tbe recognition of cqu-J powers and privileges, although elected under a narrower, a more limited and a more purely aristocratic franchise. Asa mp.c effective measure of reform, 1 would advr c the nomination of Legislative Counciiioi. :or defined periods, say the life of one or inu Parliaments only, at which periods their renewal ef office might be conceded or refused at the will of the Ministry of the day, who would thus be more frequently responsible to Parliament for the personal construction of tho Council. Or, &san;«u«—'*attvegi(-iectof reform, I wopld Parliamentary Elections. Bupporta proposal to elect the Legislative Councillors by a poll taken in the Assembly so that the Upper House might better justify its title by becoming 'the elect of tho elect.' PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. The new Electoral Act is, as you are awars, about to undergo its first test as to its efficacy in securing a better representa tion uf the Masses. Whatever alterations m.iy be made in the Act by the new Parlia ment, 1 am firmly convinced thut the system of Payment of Members needs instant abolition. The painful experiences of tbe past Parliament ought not to be repeated, and, although I freely admit every man's right to sit in Parliament independent of his wealth or poverty, yet I contend that Payment of Mcmbere has given the country a dace of representatives inferior in intellect, integrity, and national aspirations I Any proposal to repeal the present Act will therefore meet with my earnest support and approval. THE LIQUOR QUESTION. Concerning the Liquor Question, I do not believe in laws oppressing the people by legislatively dictating when and where they shall take a glass of liquor, or when and where they shall leave it alone. I fully recognise the growing tide of Intemperance which ie enslaving, debauching and decim ating some of the best types of colonial humanity, male and female ; and I am not blind to the fact that the Vice of Intoxica tion and Drink- Delirium needs all the re pression which can be given it, both by pre cept and example. The question is one purely and simply for the people, and is therefore more municipal than Parliament ary, bo far as concerns the initiation cf a transfer of the question from Parliament to tbe people, I would cordially support such a measure of Local Option as would em power the tax-payer to affirm cr veto any or every hotel license within their respective boundaries and furthermore to decide, by municipal vote, whether compensation to the extinguished licensees ehouid be given or witheld. MIRING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY. I deplore — in common with mest pro gressive minds— the sad and shameful hacking which the Mining on Private Lands Bill received.at the bands of the Legislative Council ; and any meaenre to extend the privileges of the Bill for buna fide purposes of developing latent mineral treasures will find in me a sympathetic supporter. LAND TAX. Whilst opposed to the wild and visionary scheme which bas so long and unsuccessfully posed in politics under the title of 'the Single Tax, ' I am still prepared to admit that the ' unearned increment ' should be levied upon and forced to contribute to the necessities of tbe State. I am an advocate for the imposition of a graduated tax on the unimproied value of private binds. Briefly, these are my views upon the more important public questions upon which the public intelligence is now rivetted. If tne electors dissent from them, or if they believe any other candidate to be better qualified io represent them with intelligence, sincerity, and energy, then I have no cause of complaint if they erase my name from the ballot-paper. On the other hand, Ehouid I be sufficiently honored with your approval and Eupport to place me in the proud position of representing the DeniEen Division in the next Parliament. I, on my part, pledge myself to do my level best to justify the wisdom of yonr choice. What 1 may lack in oratorical ability I trust to compensate for by zeal and energy ia my attention to my Parlia mentary duties, and by ready accessibility to the highest or the humblest among my con stituents, who may need my eervices in promoting a public requirement, or remedy ing a personal injustice, or righting a rcaniiesl wieng. 1 am, gentlemen, Yours sincerely and faithfully, MATTHEW H.ARRIS. Warrane, July 5, 1S94. 