MerieSMoiof Crime ob ' THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT NJNRAYEH. Novf Fosr 3?ubimhh>. By JEAN" MIDDLEMASS, lutlior of a "Girl in a Thousand," "Sealed by a Kiss," "By Fair Means," " Touch and Go," £" . Ar.r. qneskbujo JftQBTS rbSERVT ». CEA-PTER VTL.-CGonttiiuecl.j ' I have aeon very little of him since liis. marriage,' replied Mr. Vuughan, 'but I cannot help recognising the faot that he is changed.' 'He says it is the responsibility of being a landlord that weighs upon him.' ' Oh' 1 I should not have given Clement credit for having scruples.' 'What do you meanV All oon- ! scientious people must have Boruples at timeB.' < And you consider Clement to be very conscientious — conscience is not, as a rule, highly developed masouline quality.' 'Oh, Mr. Yaughan! How can you talk so ?' He laughed cynically. f Believe me, lady Gertrude, we are all sad dogs, and I don't fancy Clem is any better than the rest of us. At any ' rate he never used to he. What reforma tions you have brought about of course 1 am no judge of, but for the present I am not inclined to believe in thorn.' lady Gertrude looked very serious, and 1 for a moment or tiro did not speak ; then Bhe said, 'I wonder what you mean, and I wonder now what Clement meant when he told me on the evening that he asked me to be his wife, that he waB not a man I ought to trust. And that if I did so, it was at my own risk.' ' Clement told you this ?' And Fierce Yaughan seemed exceed ingly surprised, and momentarily Btartled out of his sangfroid he unconsoiously drew his ohair a few paces nearer his hostess. 'He did. But why does it astonish you so much ?' 'I did not think — well, to tell the truth, I did not think ho would have dared.' ' Hot dare to tell mo. You forgot ho was asking me to he his wife.' ' Thero are some episodes in a man's ! life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last person to be told of. I, for instance, should never have made any re ference to Clement's past, if he' had not done so himself.' 'You know thon, know that there is Something worrying Clement, and about which ho will not be explicit.' 'I can imagine that it may be so.' , ' And you will tell me what it iB, so that I may use all the means in my power to remove this annoyance.' 'You?' 'Do not say you in that tone Mr. Yaughan. Is it so very strange that I should wish to make my husband happy ?' ' Impossible. It is quite impossible for you to do anything iu this matter. Be sides, unless Clement tellB you the whole truth himself I will certainly not do so.' I could not betray confidence.' 'I will ask him the first time I have an opportunity,' she said, naively j as though she fully expeoted that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. l'ieree Yaughan smiled and wondered what Bort of an explanation her inquiries would call forth. Very certainly he him- t self could not have given a full one since he knew no more of Clement's affairs than that to which some suspicions pointed. It was therefore not only wise hut imperative that he should deal in > innuendoes. 'There was a letter once,' went on lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to her- Beli, 'I would hot read it, it came the day before our marriage.' ' A letter.' And in spite of bimself a blush spread over his usually pallid face. She did not notice, however. She was too muoh engrossed by the suhjeot that was so near to her. 'Yes, it was signed by a woman, I forget the name, and was accompanied by one from an anonymous well-wisher. I gave tfaem to Clement and he burnt thorn accept any anonymous communication. Panoy setting euoh a low, cowardly warning in the dork against Clement's truth.' ' And ho explained the mattor ? ' 'Of oourae. He said all men had had their youthful eBoapades ; that he was no better or worse than others. Just what you say yourself Mr. Yaughan, that it does not do for a wife to pry too closely, 1 am sure I am not ourious, and if Clement did not look so unhappy and worried I Bhould not ask a single ques tion about his past. I do wish you would help me to put everything quite right for him.' '. I would do_a great deal for you, Lady Gertrude, hut in this matter I do not see how I can help you. You are evidently . not aware that Olement, although he is my... first cousin, entertains no friendly feeling towards me. "Why, I cannot say, Binoe wo have been more or less brought up together, unlesB from the fact that I know more about his affairs than quite ploaBes him.' " . ' I am sure Clement would never dislike you for this, if you are good and kind to him,' cried Lady Gertrude, warmly. Pieroe Vaughan shrugged his shoulders. ' There is perhaps another reason,' ho said, ' why Clement does not espeoially affoct me. You know the old lines — Fsrgiveneas to tho injured does belong. But those ne'er pardon who have dono tho wrong.' ' 'And how does that apply to Clement?' ' If Olem had not undermined my posi- . tion with my unole, I should not be the pauper I am to-day.' ' Oh, Mr. Vaughan, how unjust j Clem ent is incapable of doing such a thing. I . have heard him several times express his xogrefc that you had not a larger sum of JL.t _ V 1 V <»« juuuojr AOAU jruu, uuu uuat HO BnOlUU JlliO to make it-up.' , ' Mere words, dear Lady Gertrude. It is very likely that ho would give money up to me when he married you it order to get this place and the fortuno. Sir Louis insisted on the marriage ; -if ho had refused he would have been disinherited.' Lady Gortrude became crimson, thon deadly pale, so much so that Fierce got frightened, and thought ho had gone too far, and hastily began eating his words. . 'I don't say he did not care for you, dear Lady Gertrude, whut mau could do \ otherwise— 'Enough, Mr, Yaughan,' criedj Lady Gertrude, drawing herself up with dignity. ' we have already talked too muoh about Clement end his affuirs.' This wound to her self-pride remindod her keenly of hsr wifely duty. He forthwith accepted the dismissal of the subject. He knew as well as she did that enough had been said to leave a far deeper wound than Lady Gertrude had any idea of ; only one thing more he muBt do, he must tnko care of himself. He rose to take his leave, as she gave him her hand, ho bent over it — ' I will never eay another word about these matters' he said, ' unless you begin the conversation, and I do ho£e you will make me one promiso.' 'What is it ?' ' Never to tell Clement of our talk to day. Do not sow further dissension be tween us by giving him cause to dislike me. I spoke in confidence, which I alroady regret, since I am striving my utmost to forgive Clement any injury he may have done me ; and I do so wish that we may all be good friends. You will promise.' I promise, Mr. Vaughan. I would not make any mischief botween you and Clement for alt the world.' He kisBed the little hand he still held, and without further observation went away to stroll back acroBB the fields to Lady Moroia Foljambe's. For a long hulf hour after he left her Lady Gertrude sat very etill, and looked as white and Beared as if she had seen a ghost. And se indeed she had, a ghost that would stalk by her side, nor leave her during tho rost of her pilgrimage. Can thero be a drearier or more cheer less companion of our way than suspicion of one we love. One, too, that stieketh close, for neither by night nor day does the treacherous fear ever desert us. When Fierce Yaughan introduced this ever stalking fiend into Lady Gertrude's, until now, happy confiding life, waB ho not committing a moral murder that should be subjeot as an aotual one to the utmost rigour of the law. Nor was ho any the happier for his base innuendoes, to judge from his face and look as he sauntered slowly across tho fields. He had sown the seed of dissension that might bring Clement Dunraven'a ruin, yet he scarcely felt the Satanio triumph he expected. It waB rather a nauseous feeling of dread lest he himself should he oaught in his own net, that pursued him and made him almost regret that he had been beguiled into this talk with Lady Gertrude. Then he roused himself with a strong effort and tried to rid himself of tho oppressive fsare, for was he not play ing for a high stake? Sir LouisDunraven's will was a strange one. No one knew its power and value better than Fierce Yaughan, rioh as he was in lawyer-like acumen. The ooutonts of the will had been, by Clement's desire, kept concealed from Lady Gertrude, or Bhe would have known what she had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboyne Court and its concomitant fortune if he had not married the only daughter of the Earl of Melbury. The marriage had taken place and the disposal of the old baronet's fortune hud been arranged — Sir MileB Berkeley being exocutor — with the family lawyer ; what need was there then for Fierce Yaughan tO'meddle. Sir Louis bad been clever enough not to make Pieroe an executor, since he foresaw that there might be trouble between the cousins. He had merely left him £5,000 aa a legacy, whioh Pierce regarded as a mere pittance ; and made no further mention of his name. Like many another olever man, Sir Louis had considerably overshot his mark iu this will. AU hie wisdom seemed to have gone forth in making honeBt Sir Miles Berkeley bis executor,, he did not seem -to realise that, as circumstances alter oases, tho positions of tho two cousins would obange and that bad blood, unless they were absolutely saints, must 00 tin) outcome oi this iestameocary dooument. There was yet another clause in the will, more perplexing and caloulated to produce greater difficulties than that of the enforced marriage ; it was to the effect that, should Clement Dunraren at any time become divorced from Lady Gertrude, by any fault of his own, the estates were to pass away from him to bis son and heir if he had one, if not, to Pierce Yaughan as next of kin. Sir Louis Dunraven, with all his shrewdness, had scarcely taken the mea sure of his pet nephew, his sister's son, or he would scarcely have left such an instrument in tho hands of a man as sordid and ounning as was Pierce Yaughan. Base and degenerate aB had been Clement Dunraven's not, he was by nature not nearly so wicked a man as his cousin. Clement's vices were the result of weakness, he could not resist temptation, whereas the other had a special faoility for conducting intrigue and given a auffioient time for develop ment, would probably not stop at crime. Up to the present moment however, Clement had outwitted his dearer-headed cousin, for he was far from discovering the ssoret of what was really darkening the life of the present owner of Abovne Court. About half a mile from the house the two men passed eaoh other, only a hedge between them, but neither wished to sp_euk. Pierce felt keenly alive to the mischief he had done his cousin during the last half hour, and Clement never oared to look Vaughan in the face. He was always afraid of how much ho know and to a certain extent gave him oredit for. guarding a silenoe, whioh he most assuredly would not have maintained for ten minutes. "Whether he felt as sure about this silence when he reached home and found Lady Gortrude looking pale and somewhat red about her pretty eyes, is doubtful. But ho could not learn the cause of her depression. She would not give her new suspicion words, it was as yet too young to he altogether a tangible form ; she must wait and watoh. TO BE CONTINUED TO-HOBBOW. 