Remarkable Religion, A Russian Journal describes a peculiar re ligious movement In the winter of 1891-2 in the province of Kiev. The originator was a Russian, given to drink until the age of forty years, when he reformed and joined the Stun diets, following zealously the religious rites of the eeot, and often going into a condition of ecstasy. A few years later he began to suffer from hallucinations, among others perceiving ex tremely pleasant perfumes, which he de clared to be the smell of the Holy Ghost. Then he oocceived that he waa possessed of the Holy Ghost, and that he was JeeuB Christ. He obtained numerous .peasant followers, who Bold their possessions, gave up work, and looked upon their insane leader as the Saviour of the worid, in whioh there should soon be new regulations ; no one should die, and no one should have need to work or to care for the future, for God would care for them all. Most of them suffered from hallucinations of the sense of smell, perceiving extremely agreeable odors, whioh they described as pertaining to God and Heaven. Many had a feding of remark able bodily lightness, as if floating in the air, and many others were taken with convulsions, manifestly hystericaL The congregations were always noisy and exoited, some falling to the earth, others jumping, striking them- selves on the breast, and shouting inarifon- lately. Some would imitate conversation ; but it consisted iff incomprehensible, sense less sonnds, which they believed to be a language spoken somewhere. Most of them were emaciated and anamio. The epidemic waa finally overcome by the authorities ; those who were most insane being shut up in asylums, while the hysterical were sent to hoepitale and oon vents. The London County Council would appear to be' somewhat irritating occasionally in the exercise of their functions in respect to theatrioal affairs. A certain Countess de Bremont arransed and advertised, eo it would appear, a oharitahle entertainment at the theatre attached to the Prinoe of Walee' Club, but some two hours before the doors were to be opened Bbe was infeoned that tire Lon don County Council had decided not to per mit any mora performances for which money waa tafron at tire dab's eirlmmaed theatre. 