Stufliesin ffusiralian Literature. [Third Article J The claims of the Hon. William Forster to a place in Australian literature are chiefly founded on his early Batires in verse-on political and social'subjacts. He was also an able and trenchant writer in prose on party questions—long since dead and buried in the tombs of the Capulets and Montagues who fretted the peace of the young Queen's lieges in those by-gone days. His prose writings are, therefore, : at the present day, of interest to the political student only. It is otherwise with his verse. The following extract from a satire entitled The Genius «*nd the Ghost—the former being the Genius of the city of Sydney, the latter the Ghost of transpor tation—may, with slight mental revisions and applications to bring it up to date, be read with profit even now. The ghost, alluding to the free immigrant portion of the population, exclaims :— But ye who freely sought this Southern clime Without the badge, if not the taint, of crime— Self-righteous, spotless, calculating host, Who made morality your modeBt coast, Who point, with cool and quiet self-applause. At oherished statutes and unbroken laws, Te virtuous Emigrants I who from the brink Of crime and woe so sensitively shrink. Among your saintly myriads are there none Who blush at former crimes in secret done— Know ye no moments past, however long, When your frail virtue folter'd into wrong— No times, ero heavenly mercy bade you mend, * • When fortune, more than'virtue, stood your friend t The picture presented in another passage taken from the same poem (the word is used for waut of a better) is not likely to become obsolete while suc . cessful bankruptcy continues to be a fine art. When in his gay barouche or tandem neat, '*'■ Some fat iusolveut whirls adown the street, Thinkiug the while, no doubt, what charming sport He had with law commissioner and court. And meets some wretoli his arts to'ruin led, Whom his false schedule robbed of clothes and broad, Who in his threadbare vesture shrinks, and feels The sprinkled blessings of his chariot wheels ; When he, rich rogue, whose keen oommeroinl eye Eaoh passing object glances gaily by, . . That weeping wretch, so pale and so forlorn, Shall dare nocost with fashionable scorn. Or to his viotim impudently dole The bnso compassion of his knavish soul ; When he shall still be honour'd and caressed £ t social boards—a sleek and favour'd guest— When crowds around him bend in servile style. Awed by his frown and flatter'd by his smile— "When Buch the bays that crown a villain's brow I ask—Is this your moral city now ? There is nothing in this to be compared with the satire of Pope or Dryden. Forster does not, like '^the former on every page, present his readers with a specimen of artistic assassination—a stiletto-stab in every line—applied to character; nor does he, like the latter, cruoify yoii an Aohitophel on a cross of endiu'ing verse for your eesthetic gratification and moral benefit. But he did what he could, and Burely -that was not so far behind the work of—Churchill, for instance F Moreover, what he wrote was news paper " copy" necessarily produced in a hurry. If he had had time to prime and polish it, there can he no doubt that it would have been more effective. The fact remains, however, that his verBe shows hardly any traces of poetical feeling—except now and then, by apparent acoident, as in tho following couplet which occurs in one of his sonnets written at the time of the Crimean "War :— \- Greece only meltB us with her odorous breath • -< Of ohurohyord flowers that make a frleud of Death. . "Which might have been written by Keats—or by Hood—in one of his serious moments. Forster had.no native imagination and very little fancy—in those days. His satire, entitled The Devil and tho Governor, as the author of which he is best known, is simply a very fair sample of what is now called "smart " writing. A few lines, however, may bo quoted from it by way of curiosity. The Devil—addressing the Governor, who has offered him a glass of rum, which he refuses —remarks ;— .... Suoli 1b the general spread of sobriety They've got up iu Hell n Temperanoe Society. Now I make it a rule—though much trouble it brings— To patronise all thoso sorts of things. A eobor sinner is not tho loss A sinner for want of drunliouuoss. The Governor referred to was Sir George Gipps, of whom Martin wrote in the Atlas, a Sydney paper * of the period, that he was dead to any fear of contact with the disreputable and degraded, and that the associates of Cataline, the abandoned and profligate Roman, were more respectable than those of His Excellency Sir George Gipps. Forster is • All rights reserved. described by one who knew him at this time, as a sallow, thin, saturnine- looking young gentleman with a remarkably unabsuming manner. Deniehy described him, years afterwards, as a "dark, saturnine subject, who wrote poetry and bedevilled with objections everything that any Government tried to do." He was born in Madras in 1818, and came to New South Wales at eleven years of age. He was .Colonial Secretary and Premier in 18(50, and sub sequently Agent-General. In his later life, Mr. Forster gave to the world The Wehr Wolf, & tragedy, and a volume of essays entitled Political Presentments. In 184(5 a square-headed young Irishman, then twenty-six years old, occupied the editorial chair in the office of the Sydney Atlas. This was James Martin, destined to become in later years Attorney General, Premier, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, and Sir James Martin, K.C.M.Gr. He was a vigorous writer of the slashing school, but never produced anything with a claim to rank as pure literature. Still he, must be taken into consideration, if only as a journalist. As might be expected, young Martin being an Irishman, his journalistic work was more of a concrete than an abstract character. He liked to' have in front of him a head to hit, and was happy when he found this head full-grown, and ripe for battery on the shoulders of Sir Charles Fitzroy, the Governor of New South Wales of the period. The following extract will give an idea of the spirited fashion in which he commenced operations on Sir Charles:— Sir George Gipps witli all his faults drew some distinction, ' however flimsy it may have been—hut Sir Charles Fitzroy draws none. Nobody is too low—nobody is too ignorant— nobody is too degraded for his most familiar intercourse. The most shameless prostitution—the most abandoned profligacy— the most notorious immorality—oppose no harrier against 'admission to his house. He recognises no beauty in virtue no deformity in vice; but treats them both with an equal share of his regard. He introduces the one to the society of the other, and does his utmost to degrade it hy the unaccus tomed and repulsive contact. The most Irreproachable he has invited to meet the most abandoned. In short he lias com menced a career which, unless it he at onoe checked by the powerful voice of public opinion, will upset the morality and decency of the' land. . . But he should recollect that he is not now on a petty "West Indian island, where education and morality are little known. .Here, at all events he .will daily .meet with his equals in sooial standing, and his superiors in ability and education. And these we cnn tell him are people who will not suffer him to treat them with contempt. The young lions of the (Sydney Press at that time were not only not afraid to roar, but took delight in roaring. ' Sir Charles Fitzroy, it may be mentioned, had been Governor of the Island of Antigua in the West Indies. Perhaps it is better that writers in a young country, where society is in a state of flux, should err on the side of Puritanism than on the side of Licence. James Martin, at all events, seems to have been of this way of thinking, as this other extract from one of his articles will show :— Society 1b no longer pure—the moat profligate now jostle the moBt virtuous, and those who have lost all oharaoter take •precedence. In the days of Charles the Second and his oonou bit • - . . ines tliis might have passed without comment or observation. Nell Gwynne and Barbara Yilliera and the Duchess of Porte mouth might appear at "Whitehall and "Windsor Castle without outraging' the feelings of the noble dames with whom they mingled. In England—in great and virtuous England, how ever—these times and practices have long since passed—two oonturies have almost swept away the memory of those dis graooful scenes and the prinoipal actors have long since returned to the dust from whioh they sprung s but though the mortal part of Charles the Second and Barbara Vllliers has perished—though the example whioh they set in the oourtly pnlaoes of our parent land now finds no imitators there, their • spirit, we regret to say, still exists in this remote corner of the world in the person of their inglorioua descendant. Sir Charles Fitzroy was a soion of the ducal house of Grafton, and, therefore, by inheritance, a subject kor rough usage by the Press. One of his ancestors was the Duke of Grafton, so bitterly attacked by Junius. It does not appear, however, that Martin's diatribes had muoh effect upon Sir Charles Fitzroy, who is described by " less prejudiced contemporary critics as an amiable gentleman who never inter fered with looal politics, and who only asked to be allowed to lead an easy life and amuse himself in his own way. He managed to do so too, it seems, dur ing the whole term of his Governorship, but^ cer tainly, not with the permission of the conscientious young editor of the Atlas. The subject of these remarks was a writer for the Press simply through force of circumstances. It was in the more fruitful fields of law and politics that he found his reward. It is safe to say that he would never have beoome Sir James Martin if he had been content to spend his days as a member of the Fourth Estate. He died a wealthy man in 1886. 