Meeting at Blackall. Speeches by Shearers. Vote Against Striking. " Rod-hot Striko in New South. Wales." In pursuunco of notice, about 150 persons gathered at tho bore punctually lit 3 o'clock yesterday, inuludiug a fair sprinkling of towns people (snys the Blaoknll Independent of Junu Mr. H. Rioxaby, who addressed those prc- seutiis "gentlemen and constables," was tho first speaker, lie dotailcd tlio ' proceedings of asking tho pnstornlists for a coufercnec, and said the unions wore not disposed to bo put oif any longer. Mr. J. Him, said ho wanted a plebiscite voto taken, and ho was perfectly willing to ubido by tlic rosult. Ho objected to men iu Brisbano and Longreaeh foniing tlio inatlor. (Mr. Rioknby objected to the reference to Brisbane and Longreach.) 11c appealed to tbo union men, and asked hud they been consulted V (Several voices: "No.") Ho did not bbinio tbo squatters, us when tlio union had tlio power they did not trivo tlio squatters a conference. Ho spoke us a limn wlio bail been in tho district for 10 yours. Tim squatters hud proved great tyrants, bur, he knew which woro the greater tyrants of the two, and those were tho union moil. "When they got good terms thoy did not know when they woro well oil'. Baring tbo striko ol' 1891 Mr. Hoivo was referred to in the Barcaldino cinup as a "crawler," but bud tliey taken bis advice they would bo much better oif to-day. la that year tlio married men wero culled in from tbo stations mid then left to "oat grass or go to gaol." Tho speaker described various events connected with tlio 1891 striko, and wus loudly applauded. Mr. J. Howe said it wus no secret that tlicy had no money to support a strike. Personally ho was prepared to strike, but what wus the use ? Tho squatters would fetch up another mob of men from tbo suutb to tako tlio money out of tlio district. Mr. Rickahy said it was strango that tbo mon who wero afraid of fluids falling short were tho men who laid already had the best, of tho work ; tbo men camped on tho hanks of the crook were' willing to try a strike. Mr. Howk said Hint so far as funds wero concerned tlicy were simply living on ono another. Out of every 100 men they met 99 had not enough to buy a. feed. Fully one-third of tho nlieop in Queens land bad lieeii already shorn, aud tlinro wero mon who lmil been waiting six months for a stand who had succeeded in getting a July shed, but now tlicso men wero asked to forego their chance. Thoro wero no funds to support a strike, aud oven last timo they were brako baforc thoy started. Fully ouu-third of tbo union men bad ratted, anil these, with tbo frco labourers, would down tlio unionists if they struck. If lie attempted to cross tbo Bareoo River when it was in flood, and ho could not swim, it was 99 ehunees in 100 that ho would go down, and it was exactly tlio sumo with tho proposed strike. If, nftor signing tbo agreement, as many liad already done, men refused to shear, thoy might as well leave tbo district, as thero would bo no more shearing for them. Thoro were men who had straggled on ill tbo district and got thoir names, on tlio electoral roll ; (her would have to leave, and then when an election canio on tho labour can didate would be defeated. Il'o was suro that if a plebiscite woro taken two- thirds of the men in tho colony would vote against a. strike. If thoro woro a clunico of winning ho would say strike, but ho did not think thoro was tlio ghost of a chance. Ho laid shorn under tho agree ment and thoro lind been no hitch, but, of course, that might crop up at any time. Mr. Pascoe said bo thought that if a plebis cite voto wero taken, as should liuvo been douo, the voto would Ito against a strike, us thoy wero iiunuciiilly paralysed. Let tbo majority rule, 'anil not ICowloy nor unyono clso. Mr. Fitzgerald : Any nutn who advocates a strike nt tho present timie must bo mad. Mr. H. Oeitcii said that tbo orgnnisor, Mr. J. Martin, said thero would bo no strike. Siuoo 1891 tbo squatters liild boon driving tho men down, iirst with tho ration seulo and again with tho agroomout. It hud buon snicl that the men would not again fight for a prinoiplo, but when tho prinoiplo was burst up thoy woro burst up altogether. It was tho intention of tlio squatters to koop\up a breach between the slicurcrs and tho labourers. There would soon ho a roil hot striko in Now South Walos, aud he thought tho Quconsland uion should go to work and help tho moil in New South Wales. Noxt year thoy would have to striko iu the Peak Downs ugninst tlio reduc tion. Ono of tlio mon who uttouded tlio recent coufereuco of bush workers iu Brisbano had proviously shorn undor tho pnstornlists' agree ment, and he (tho speaker) know of only ono delegate who rofuBcd to sign it. Mr. Hickaby said tho mooting was a public ono and thoy could not, tnho a division. Ho referred advorsely to tho Government stopping tho issue of frco rations, mid of tho proposal to utilise prison labour on Government works. Ho thought tlio reason such horror had boon exprossed of strikes was because tho men wero put down in 1891, but iithor unions lind been put down und hud won afterwards. ' Blackall bud always boon considered as ono of tlio headquarters of unionism, and lie was surprised that thoy wero now going to disgrace themselves. Ho did not thiulc thero was enough surplus labour to sup ply tlio sheds of both Now South "Wales and Queensland. A Voice : How long bavo you been in tlio colony ? Mr. Riokaby said ho had been in the colony fivo yours, and had beon a member of tlio union for two and n-half years. Mr. Howe indignantly denied that tlio Blaokall men eitlior had, or would, disgrace themselves. Thoy woro us stanch unionists as any in tlio colony. - A division was tlion taken; tlioso in favour of a striko following Mr. Riokaby und tlioso against following tho ohainnau. Tho numbers woro 19 in favour and 75 ugninst. Out of tlio 19 who voted in favour of a striko hino woro recognised as men who had received Govern ment rations. 