FIRST EDITION FRIDAY, JUNE 8. THE LAST KICK OP PALIA MENT COMES FROM THE DISHONORED LEFT A BUNDLE OF REIDS AND THEIR DEGENERAY. A PEACEFUL PRO- ROGATION ANTICIPATED BY A SINGLE NIGHT. The fifteenth Parliament has died like Dobbin's famous old mare. It was, to all appearances, defunct as mutton already, but you had only to get close enough to it to be kicked into an opposite opinion. The fifteenth Parlia- ment kicked a few hours ago— it gave up the ghost at a quarter past nine o'clock on Thursday, 7th June, 1894. Every night for the past month some one or other has risen to move the adjournment of the House. He has done this, so he would say, to move the hearts of the Government to arrest some fearful, all-devouring evil, but the real move has been quite different — simply an effort to stir the hearts of his constituents to sympathize with his further political aspirations. Yes, he has done it for that reason, and for that reason only. Any peg is good enough on which to hang an old hat. Any thing is good enough on which to ground a complaint of alleged national extent by those pettifogging parliament arians desirous of showing how watchful 'they are of their country's best interests; otherwise of impressing electors with the necessity of re-engaging their services when these alone can ensure such ferret ism being continued. Every night for the past month the adjournment of the House has been moved by some wagtail or other for that express purpose. And last- night it was moved for all it was worth. A private lunatic asylum bogey, was enough in the earlier death struggle, but the last kick had to be a good one — one that would scatter the sand around to four corners of the colony. The Municipalities' Special Endowment venture was a magnificent idea, and therefore it was trotted out and played as the last trump of a despairing gam bler for all it was worth. Not every town has a private lunatic asylum as Cook's River has, but nearly all of them are interested in a Borough Legislature. Therefore, much as Mrs. Bardwell re posed her trust in single gentlemen, the Great Unabashed in the Assembly arose ?'?!'? in their might last night to put a bill 1 , up in'the parlor-window of the hustings, ?'??;'' to attract' the great credulous eye of the ? ''eligible unwary. What care had they M'; that the Treasury was in a position re ?''?'';? girding the most delicate advances?' ?Vl ''None ! What thought had they for tho Municipalities they shed political croco dile tears over? Since the Treasury \- ?. pays them: their salaries and the Coun cils do.not, even less. Far less ! But, we- say, the Boroughs are many, yea, multitudinous as the spots on a tiger's bide, and every bit as far-reaching, too — ? . . spots 'which are present from the head of the beast at one end of the colony, to the tail at the other. And, therefore, thejmen ?who tremble for their seats, or who, though they do .not altogether tremble, wish to tighten the loosening screws of their positions, arose in the majesty of their provincial sympathy and voted for the adjournment ,' of the House on the matter of a special '' 'endowment ! And although the Premier , acquiesced in the procedure the Govern ment were in a way defeated. And so the fifteenth Parliament gave up the ghostand rolled ovor on its back like a great dead 1 ' whale for further treatment. As the House was to meet for the last ' ' time to-day, the motive at the back of the action of last night was only too apparent. We see how it was, and we look at; tho pallid corpse to-day ™ith the contempt of men disgusted with sessiqns of subterfuge, and nauseated with pro mises of atonement many enough to ? have! paved the floors of Hades twice over. The proclamation of the proroga tion, will be issued by his Excellency on Monday. iThis morning we. only chro nicle the anticipation of practical death by a night, and close the eyes which ? ? stare so horribly with the coins which ' ; so amply ropreaent the value of Opposi , ? . 'f tion 'legislation since first that bundle of '?'?; : Reids went' from the profitable Right ^'-?'??'the'yhadso'dishonored to asalaryless ob ?t! '??-' spurity-^Two pence. 