.THE HAMPTON MYSTERY.'. BY MRS HARRIET LEWIS &uthor; of "Lady Kildare," Beryls Husband," Edith Trevoer Secret,' etc. PAUL OAVR OIRALDA HIS NAiD AND) ASSISTED IIKE rr TILE sTIrS. CHAPTER XXVIII.-(CoTrrINUED.) Adlowe spent the forenoon in bed. In the afternoon he called at the earl of Hampton's, ressed his' regret at the absence of the L y Beatrice from town, and drove with Lord Hampton in Hyde Park. He dined at his club, and soon after, half disguising him. self in his surtont, made his way to the Victoria station, in time for a down train. He booked himself for Linmely, and proceeded -thither. He had carefully inquired theway of Rush to the Evergreens, and on alighting at the Linely station, he took his way up the road with considerable assurance. It was. a long walk, as Giralda had found it, between the station and The Evergreens. Adlowe pissed over the ground rapidly, and halted at last at the massive gate in the high brick wall, to which wes attached a boaid, bearing the painted, legend, "The Ever greens." " I'm all right, itseems," muttered the pro. fligate lord, fitting the key Rush had given him. "I'll take a look in at the windows. I'll make sure before I do anything rash. I am armed-doubly armed. If this 'Spanish grandee' proves to be Geoffrey, we shall see hot work." He opened the gate and passed into the shadows of the dense evergreens. He moved like a ghost up the deneely.shaded walks. He approached the house. Light gleamed from the windcws. The curtains were not drawn, and only thiok veils of ivy and climbing plants shaded the panes. Adlowe hnushedhis breath, and crept closer, closer, into the very shadows of the vines, and peered into the drawingroom window! The curtain had not been drawn. They seldom were, save on stormy nights, the per fooect shade and seolusion of the place render. ing instrusion into the grounds nearly an im possibility. "How pleasant it is !" said the counteas, breaking a long silence, with a shiver and a look of pain. "And yet I feel strangely anxions to-night. Something is wrong with us, my husband. Can anything have happened to Giralda ! I wonder what she is doing!" " You are nervous, Beatrice," responded her husband, tenderly. " I think I. have a touch of the same disease," he added. "I do not feel quite myself to-night. . Our anxieties are too munoh for us." He drew her head upon his breast, and looked adoringly into her glorious eyes. It was actthis moment that his bitter enemy-Lord Adlowe-crept up to the win dow, parted the vines, and peered in. At the sight that met hus gaze, Adlowe reeled as if struck with a mortal illness. He beheld the woman he loved-the woman he had deemed haughty, icy cold in her nature, and heartless-he beheld her like a very god dess of love, brightly glowing, her eyes shining like twin stars, her countenance vadiant with a rare happiness, her head pil. lowed on a man's.breast. And that man! How Adlowe's burning eyes searched his features ! Evidently tall, he was magnificently formed, broad of shoulder, deep of chest and majestic of mien. -His bronzed, even swathy complexion, his heavy black eyebrows, his black hair and beard, made up a perfect Spania:d in seem ing. Adlowe had believed him to be Geoffrey Trevelyan in disguise. This belief received a sudden shook at sight of him. " That man Geoffrey Trevelyan?" he asked himself. "Can time have changed the bright, laughing boy, of alight figure and delicateconstitution, into this grave, dark bearded man? Il can hardly believe it. 'This must be some now complication. Heaven ! how Beatrice leans on him! How she loves him! I wish I could hear his voice!" His glance roved around the room, and rested upon the two boys, who were seated on a couch, close together, the elder brother engaged in puttinga few finishing touches to a drawing. His gaze might have scorched them both-it was so keen and burning. "The elder boy is the lady Beatrice all over," he thought. "If that dark count be really Geoffrey, that blauk-eyed boy is thq future Marquis Trevelyan! The younger boy-that lily- faced, golden-haired, blue. eyed, girl-boy-is much like Geoffrey was in his boyhood, only that my cousin had more life and spirit." He pressed his faceedoser against the glass. The Lady Beatrico turned towards the window- started-stared-then leaped to her feet with a wild and ringing shriek. "She saw me !" cried the villain, leaping back. "I'm in for it now! I must face that man before he has time to escape !" He hurried to the front door, and ranmug loudly. Meggy was passing through the hall, on her way to the drawingroom,. attracted thither by that fearful scream, and .paused, giving him admittance. The next moment, recognising him, she uttered a loud cry of fright, and essayed to expel him. He pushed her aside as if she had been a child, and hurried on, bursting into the drawing room with the force ofa whirlwind. CHAPTER XXIX.-A FRIENDs IN EED. Lord Grosvenor came nearer and nearer inhis fleet little pleasure-beat to the bluff cottage wherein Giralda was imprisoned. He did not speak. He looked up once or twice with a keen and sweeping glance, as if to assunre himself that his movements were not watehed by hostile eyes. Giralia listened, trying to catch the sound of. his coming, under the loud murmur of the waves. At lengthsheheard a low, grating sound, as of the boat touching against the rocks. " He is landin,'," she murmured, pressing her face closer against the bars in the wild. hope of seeing him. " Ah ! Is not that the sound of his stops on the rooks ? Or do I mis take the waves for his footsteps? It is he-it is he !" She listened still more intently, straining her hearing toits utmost capacity. Surely that was the gentle patter of footsteps, as some one climbed the rocks. It grew plainer and more distinct. The climber hadreachedi the top of the bluff now, and must be rest tug. Again Giralda waved her arm through the barsto guide him to her window. There was a brief silence; then something grazed softly against the cottage wall just under the window. Itwas theupper extre mity et a ladder, which the young Lord Lord Groavenor had found 1 ing in the garden. Geralda's heart thrilled now with 'expeotancy. Thers cams a soft sound, as of some one mounting gently, and then .the. face of her * morning's resoher appeared before the barred window. ' ¼ 7 "firatlda' " he. whlapered, softly. " Miss * Arevalo i', Giralda reached out both her hands <thrugh tse bars, laughiug and sobbing In a -breath. " It is I, Lord Grosvenor," she said. in a From the Weekly Budget (350) broken voice, full of glad pulses. " Save me -snave me!" The young lord took her hands in a warm, encouraging clasp, stroking them softly. "Youn are sate from this moment, Miss Arevalo," he said, with an unexpected tenderness that brought the quick blushes to her cheeks, and a strange and happy thrill to her heart. "Yon are a prisoner here 2" "Yes, yes, my lord. The door is looked; the windows are barred. These people are my enemies." .Your enemies? I should not dream that you had an enemy in the world," was Lord Grosvenor's impassioned response. "I never saw them till to-night. You know Lord Adlowe, Lord Trevelyan's nephew?" "I know of him, but I have never seen him." "He-he asked me to-day to become his wife," said Giralda, after a moment's hesita tion. "I refused him, and to-night he had me brought here, to be kept a close prisoner until I shall change my mind:" "Why, this is barbarous-infamons !" ex claimed Lord (Grosvenor, with indignant em phasis. " It is a proceeding worthy of feudal times." "And every minuto I remain here is an injury to thoere I love," moaned Giralda, in sudden and vivid remembrance of her father's peril. "Lord Adlowo has .gone to work trouble upon my parents. Oh, my lord, can vouget me out of this prison?" "Yes, and instantly '!" responded our hero, ardently. "I could cut these bars with my knife. No; the wood is too hard. Bittly i a hard and desperate kind of man, but I had better face him and demand your release. A straightforward direatnese is generally best. Ah, he is astir! 1 lhave awakened him. Have no fears, Giralda. I will protect you." He listened a moment, hearing movements in the lower rooms of the cottage. At the same moment he detected a fishing-boat, manned by three stout fellows, creeping round the bluff, well into the shore. He leaned forward on the ladder, catching at one of the bars of the window, waving his bat, and shouting loudly: " Ho, there, boys! This way! Come up here quickly. I have need of you." The fishermen looked up, and shouted back a loud atflirmative, pulling in for the shore. The young Lord of Grosvenor was a great favorite with these rough children of the sea, his daring and courage, his generosity to them and the widows and children of their drowned comrades causing them to regard him not only as their benefactor, but as a being greatly suanperior to themselves. Seeing them coming, Lord Grosvenor rapidly descended the ladder to the ground; and at the same moment the cottage door opened, and Bittly, a red, brawny and savage-looking man, of herculean propor tions, appeared, half-dressed, upon his three hold. " Who is this making such a row, and waking people at this teme o' nigiht?" he growled, in a deep, hoarse.bassvoice, glaring at our hero. . "It is I'-Lord Grosvenor," wasthe quick response, as the young lord confronted him. "1 demand the release of your prisoner, Miss Arevalo." "Prisoner !" ejaculated Bittly, his jaw falling. "There ain't no prisoner here !" declared Mrs Bittly, making her appearance, also half-clad. " Your lordship's mistaken." "I saw her myself at the window. I have been talking with her. I know that Lord Adlowe hired you to keep her in close con finement. You see I know all. Give me the key of the young lady's room." He planted his foot on the threshold of the cottage, and extended his hand for the key, looking so determined and stern that the woman momentarily quailed before him. " Oh, law I" she ejaculated, forcing an un easy laugh, as she recovered herself. " You must have seen my niece-an insane young woman - too low for your lordship's notice -" " Once more," interrupted Groesvenor, with a voice like a clarion-" the key ! Here come some friends of mine who will hack me." A hoarse cry came from the three fisher men, as they swarmed up on the bluff and rushed towards the cottage, eager to assist their benefactor. lBittly made a movement to retreat into his cottage and bar the door. Too late! Lord Grosvenorand the fishermen were in as soon as himself. "Will you give us the key, or shall we break the door down?" asked the young lord, calmly. " Decide quickly !" "Here i, the key," said the old woman, producing it, and commencing to whine. "Oh, my lord, don't go for to make us trouble. We are only poor people, obliged to do as our betters toll us." Lord Grosvenor paid no attention to hen. Seizing the key and bidding the fishermen remain until his return, he flew upstairs, and unlocked the door of Giralda's prson. The young girl met him at the threshold, trembling with eagerness. "I knew you would get me out!" she cried, raising her luminous eyes to his face in a glad ecstasy. " Oh, Lord Grosvenor, you have saved me the second time! How can I ever thank you P" Lord Grosvenor took her fluttering hand and lifted it reverently to his lips. "I will tell you some time how you can thankl me acceptably," he whispered. Giraldla drew away her hand in a sweet confusion. Somehow his words and manner strangely pleased her. "Put onyour hat and ie will go," said bis lordship. "I will take you in my boat to the Eyrie, and thence you can go by carriage wherever you wish." Giralda attired herself hastily, giving her shawl and travelling-bag to his lordship, who conducted her downstairs. The fishermen greeted her with a cheer, having made a shrewd guess at the facts. Her late gaolers looked at her with rlances of hatred, and the young girl hurried out, not breathing freely until she had gained the open air. They paused a minute or more on the bluff, while Lord Grosvenor briefly explained to the mes the cause of his summoning them, and distributing among them a handful of silver. Then, taking Giralda's hand, he led her carefully down the rocks to his boat, seating her upon a pile of cushions, and pushed ofi. "1 was out for a sail, and thinking of you. Miss Arevealo," he said, when he had raised the sail and they were out from the lee of the blnff far enough to catch a puff of wind. "How pale you are! IAre you not faint F" " A little. Tie fresh air will soon revive me," answered Giralds, leaning back in a half- retnietng position. "It is the reaction of my desalir. The world has looked very dark to me to-night, my lord." "I don't donbt it," responded the young noblemau, in tender sympathy. "That Adlowe must be made to suffer for his high. handed ontrage, it there is any law in the kingdom. "Oh, no. l cannot make any formaloom. plaint against him, my lord." said Giralda, sorrowfully and wearily. "I must bear it in silence." "Call me Paul," said his lordship, with an ingenuous blush. "I am' alone in the world, and have no one to. call me by that name. ' My lord' sounds so formal from your lips. "You must oall me Giralda, then," was the low response. "Agreed. And now tell me, Giralda, why must you bear this wrong, this insult, this ontragein silence?" The maiden looked at her preserver, her soul in her eyes. He looked so manly, so honorable, so noble that she was tempted to tell him her secrt-her father's secret. She felt as if she must confide in some one, and he, who had twice saved her life, seemed no stranger, but a true and warm friend. "My lord," she said-"that is, Paul' andshe blushed vividly, as he could see in the soft moonlight, that fell full on her lovely young fade-"'I have a great secret one that concerns those who are dearer to me than life itself. I feel as if this aeoret would be safe with you. I feel as if I must have some one to talk to to-night or my heart will break." t "Talk to me as freely and iunreservedly as you would talk to a brother," said the young lord, with unobtrusive sympathy. "If you want my counsel, I will giveit. At any rate, your secret will be safe with me." "I knowit. My lord-Paul-I told you this morning that I was the ward of Lord Trevelyan-his adopted niece. I am more his own great-niece. lam a Trevelyan!" Lord Grosvenor looked surprised and mys. tified. "I thought his lordship had but two nephews," he said-" Geoffrey Trevelyan and Lord Adlowe." "He had but the two. I a4 the daughter of Geoffrey Trevelyan." The young lord's look of surprise deepened. " Did he not die in Brazil eighteen years ago?" lie naked. "No, he is living to-day. The secret is known to but few. Lord Trevelyan does not know that I am really his relative. He does not dream that his hated nepaew lives. But Lord Adlowe knows all. Ho threatens to strike me through my dear parents if I refuse to marry him." " The wretch !" said the young lord, with energy. " P'aul," said Giralda, with increasing earnestness, "you have heard of Geoffrey Trevelyan-my dear, wronged, innocent father-you have heard that story which stained his spotless name, covering it with infamy? Letmetell you the truth." In an impassioned tone, with truth and love beaming in every feature, she told him the version of the sad story as she had roe ceived it from the lips of the Lady Beatrice. She painted the vile character of Lord Adlowe : she told of her father's years of hope deferred, of her mother's trusting, clinging love, and of her own resolve to clear her father's name of every stain. Her voice broke down in sobs before she concluded, and it was no detriment to the unsullied, noble manhood of the young lord that his tears fell with hers. Her manner and her words had carried conviction to his soul. " It was Lord Adlowe who contrived that scene I" he eaclaimed. " How it was done, I cannot tell; but the assault and robbery were the result of a foul conspiracy gainst the honor of Geoffrey Trevelyan-perhaps against his lite. Had the marquis's wound been serions,- and had he died, Geoffrey *revelyan's life would have been forfeited, and Adlowe would have stepped into posses. sion of the estates. How strange that Lord Trevelyan never suspected the truth !" "Oh, Paul, he trusts Lord Adlowe, although he affects a contempt for him. He is not fond of him. He does not love him, but it would be impossible to convince him of the truth, as I have convinced you. I have thought of telling him all the truth, bathe would only east me offi and hasten to have papa arrested. He will never be convinced of papa's innocence save by the most com plete and positive evidence. There was a man who could have thrown light cn the matter-who could have cleared papa's name. He was Lord Adlowe's valet, and his name was Negwyn. I have heard that he went to Australia; but he may have died there." "You think it would not do to tell Lord Trevelyan the whole truth as you have told it to me?" siuggested our hero. "I know it would not. Listen while I tell you how I happened to come to the Park." She then told of her hidden home, her eon viction that she ought to support herself, her journey to the Park in search of a situation, and her utter ignorance that she was going to her rightful home and to the presence of her kinsman. She told how she had won his lord ship's love from her resemblance to Gooffrey Trevelyan, some of the particulars of her journey to London, and finally of the will the marquis had made in her favor. " I can never tell him now, you see," she said, sorrowfully. "Lord Adlowe insinuated that I had been sent by my parents to the Park to win Lord Trevelyau's savings. The marquis would think the same if he knew who I am. My uncleoTrevelyan is apt to judge people harshly." " I know he is. He was embittered by this belief in his nephew's ingratitude," replied Lord Grosvenor, who thoucht with others, that Lord 'Trevelyan was Iiird and bitter to - the very core. "You have a heavy burden to bear. Giralda. I wish I could bear it for you. You spoke of your mother. Geoffirey Trevelyan, I heard, was betrothed to the Lady Beatrice Hampton when he dis ppeared, I have fancied that she always kept herself single for his sake." " My mother is the Lady Beatrice Hamp. ton," said Giralda, simply. "Her marriage has been kept secret. Until last week I did not know the truth. I am telling you all I know, Paul." "kThe secret is buried with me, Giralda," said the young lord, with a look and manner that declared that aba might rely osn and trust him. "The Lady Beatrice Hampton your mother! Until this morninm "-and he blushed again ingenuously-" I thought her the most heautifol woman in the world. I have seen her otton, Giralda. She has visited our family, and knoss me well. And you are her daughter? I have always loved the Lady Bnoatrie, and Ishall love her more now than ever." Giralda did not ask why. A silence full between the young pair, and the boat drifted on over the white-capped waves in the moon light, tasking now aod then, and every moment drawing nearer to the Eagle's Eyrie. Gsralda nestled leer head on the cushions, and thought of all the manly perfeotions of her young rescuer; and while he managed the sail and sussed on her history, his heart teat high wilh love and admiration for her. It was trun-isis firt love, and the love of his whole life.had come to himon this deso. late coast, and already was strong within his soul a desire to win this pure and lovely girl, so fuil of innooont witoherirs, so tender and grave and esrnest, for his wife ! He dared not tell her yet of this resolve, lest he should frighten her, sad thus defeat himself. Giralda roueed herself from her reverie as the boat entered the shadow of the tall bluff on which was perobed the Eyrie. She noticed now a little rooky landing and stairs cut in the rooks, leading by a winding route to the top of a step cliff. Her eomupanion rcn the boat into a little cove at thefoot of these rudo steps, and occured it to an iron ring which was there for the purpose. Then he gave her his hand with tender gallantry, and assisted her upon the stairs. "I fear you are ill," hs sail, anxiously, as they slowlsy mounted, hand in hand. "Your hand is like ice. Your face is flushed with fever, and you tremble like a leaf. All this excitement has been too much for you." "I am only very tired, I think," said Giralda, In a faltering voice, asa strange sensation of weakness came over her. "I should like to rest." She paused a moment, leaning against the reck. The yonng lord healtated an instant, and then drew her lovely drooping head to his breast, gently compelling her to lean against him, his soul thrillisg with delight at her gentle dependence upon him. Then as she stirred famtly on his bosom, he lfted her and sarried her it his arms to the top of the stairs, placing her on a stone bench at its summit to rest. Giralda smiled and thanked him with a weariness she could not disguise. She looked around her, notiolng that she was almost at the portal of the Eyrie, and that green terraces, with gleaming marble balustrades, stretched along the bluff and to the east in an inland direction, and that flower-gardens, a shrubbery and extensive grounds lay be yond them. The Eyrie, as has been said, stood on the very edge of the bluff. It was well named. The bluff cottage, seen from it, seemed a speck far below. The view of land and sea was magnificent and far reaching. The building or buildings, were of grey stone, of considerable extent, which had gathered to gether turrets and towers, wide windows, balconies and great projecting oriels, all of which aided to form a ploturesqne whole. Lord Grosvenor opened a door juinst behind Giralds, disclosing a long, wide hall sauited to a baronial castle. "Come in, Giralda,'' he said, offering her his arm. "The air from the sea is too cold and damp for you." Giralda arose, not venturing to dispute his tone of gentle authority, took his arm, and was conducted along the hall to a pleasant room, called the "oriel parlor," from the fact of its possessing an oriel window that the red beacon light she had noticed was still burning, swinging by a chain from the coil lag. I ' This is my favorite sittingroom," said his lordship, wheeling a counch up near the fire, and gently compelling Giralda to ocunpy it, be removing her bonnet with his own hands. "The first thing you needlis food. I presume you have not eaten since morn ing." igI couldn't eat," said Giralda, stammer ing. "I thoughtso;" and the young lord gave a quick pull at the bell. " After you have had food, what then, Giralda 1" " I must go home-I must warn papa." "You are not fit to travel to-night. Let me plan for you. Lord Trevelyan loves you. Hene doubtless half frantic at your disap pearance. He does not know your secret, and I do not believe Lord Adlowe wants him to know it yet. Do not give up the work you have undertaken until you are absolutely compelled to. Let me take you bask to the Park as soon as you are sufficiently rested." " 13ut papa! Poor papa I" "I will go to him. I will start by the nmorniog tramin. I am acquainted with the Lady lIeatrico. Let me go, Giralda. You are not able to make the journey." Giralda smiled assent and breathed a sigh of relief. She was about to give him the address of her father, and to ask him to telegraph at once a warning to The Ever-. greens, when the door opened and the house keeper entered. She was a plump, motherly woman, whom Giralda liked at the first glance. That glance was returned with a long stare of surprise, the woman being unable to conceive whence the young visitor had come. " lisas Arovalo," said the young lord, "this is Mrs Latten, my housekeeper, an excellent woman, who will take good care of you. Mrs Latten," he continued, turning to the housekeeper, "this young lady is Miss Arevalo, the niece of Lord Trevelyan. I found her hut now in great distress on the coast. She is tired and ill. See that she has supper immediately, and order the carriage to take her to the Park." " The young lady ought not to stir out of the Eyris to-night," exclaimed the motherly dame with emphasis. "She will be ill in earnest if she doesn't rest." "Then send a messenger to the Park to assure Lord Trevelyan that she is in safety, and that she will return home in the morn ing," said his lordship. " See that the man goes at once." The housekeeper bowed, and went out with a heart full of pity for the pale and sand young stranger. "She shell have such a supper as she never had at the Park," she thought, hurry ing along the hall. "The poor dear I How sorrowful she looks, and she but a child that should be playing with her dolls !" While she despatebed the messenger in haste and hurried to prepare supper, Lord Grosvenor extinguished the red light in the window, and drew a seat near to his lovely younng guest, who smiled up at him grate. fully. " As I said, I will start forThe Evergreens in the morning," he said. "You muat have no more anxieties, Giralda. If you would only let me shield you from them all! Now. give me your father's address, and rely upon my earnest efforts to warn him in time. CHAPTER XXX.-TcE RISSNo Sue or Lovs. A feeling of delicious languor crept over the tired frame of Giralda as she reclined on the couch in the oriel parlor of the Eagle's Eyrie, and a delicious sense of dependence on her gallant young rescuer sucaceeded to her late bitter and terrible isolation. Lord Grosvenor, with a tender thoughtfnlness be titting a woman, having drawn from her the address of her father and transferred it to his pocket tablets, exertedhdimself to expel from her mind all unpleasant thoughts, treating her recent imprisonment as an odd adven ture, anti gradually loading her from it to pleasanter subjeots. He had succeeded in bringing more than one smile to the pale, lovely faee, exquisitely beautiful even in its weariness, when Mrs Latten, thohousekeeper, returned, followed by a maid. A round table was drawn up near to the fire, relieved of its books, and spread with a cloth of snowy damask, which fell to the floor on every side. A costly silver tete-a tete service was then disposed upon the table, anddishes of painted porcelain succeeded. An exquisite little supper was then brought in, the maid dismiesed, and the housekeeper proceeded to wait upon the table in person. "Do not rise, Miss Arovalo," said Lord Grosvenor, as Giralda made, an effort to do so. "Let ma wait upon you." He ran and brought cushions, with which he propped her up into a half-sitting posi. tion, and he then wheeled the couch nearer to the table, and hastened to oarve for her the daintiestsection of broiled birds and to load her plate with delicacies. Giralda made an effortto do justice to Mrs Latten's cookery, but it wasa vain one. She was too nearly exhausted to desire food, but sipped with feverish eagerness the cup of fragranttea brought her, and thon eank back upon her pillows. "You can take away the things, Mrs Latten," said the young lord, his own appetite gose. "Please see that the blue room ti got ready at once." The housokeeper bowed assent, cud hastened to clear the table and to withdraw. " I do not like to go away, leaving you so ill, Giralda." said Lord Grosvenor, with tender concern, when they found themselves again alone. "I shall be very anxious about you while Iam absent." "It is only fatigue, I think, Paul," said Giralda, her heart flutterini under his ardent glances. "tYourgoing will make me well. I shall soon recoveofromtt my exhaustion if my mind is at rest." Let it be at rest from all anxieties from this moment, then," said her young host, tahiintg one of her Ihands in both of his. " Hear me, Ginisida. You have faith in te ? You trust me ?" "As I would trust my darling mot'ter i" exclaimed Giralda, with a sudden and un controllable impullsakeness, looking up at him with a confidingness that went to his soul. He dropped on his knees beside her couch, gaihering both her hands in his, his face glowing with impassioned feeling. "Giralds," he said, his voice trembling with his sudden emotion, "you have been working alone to cloar your father's name. From this moment I will devote myself to the same holy cause. The aim and object of my existence from this hour shall be to clear all stain from the reputation of the wronged Geoffrey Trevelyan, and to promote a recon oiliation between him and his uncle." Giralda started up, all joyful excite ment. "Oh, Paul I" she said, growing radiant. "You believe in papa's innoceoce, then? You will help me prove that innocence to the world 1" " I believe in his innocenee of all intended harm or ingratitude to.hts uncle as 1 be believe in my own existence l" exolalifmed Lord Grosvenor, solemnly. " I believe him to be a mnuch-wroanged man. I believethat he and Lord Trevelyan have been but the victims and dupes of Lord Adlowe. And a devote myself to the work of proving to the world that my oon viotions are true. Giralds, let us join hands in this sacred task. I will know neither peace nor happiness until Geoffrey Trevelyan stands clear of all suspicion, re etored to his rightful position, with his wife and children acknowledged before the world!" Giralds clasped his hands in unconscious fervor. "Oh, Paul !" she murmured again, and now her eyes filled with glad tears. "You make me so hanpy !" "First," said ate young lord, still in his impa3sloned manner, "we will colleot evidence that shallprove Adlowe's guilt and your father's Innocence; then weshall shower these proofs upon LordTrevelyan. We will humble his awful pride; we will soften his hard, proud heart. He shall welcome your wronged father with remorse, and tenderness, and love I" "You willhelp me to do all this?" asked Giralda, all aglow. It will be as easy to you, Paul, as my rescue from the swollen oreek, or from my prison at the bldff ootrage. Dear paIid has found a friend-a powerful friend !" "And his daughter has found a lover!" wbispored the handsome young lord, shocked at his own temerity, yet not able to resist the glorious beauty of those pleading violet eyes, and stirred to the depths of his being by her trusting confidence. "Do not be angry with me, Giralda. I have frightened you. You are not angry'" he cried, as the young girl withdrew her hands from him, covernng her eyes. "Say you are not angry with me, Giralda. I hare spoken too soon-too suddenly! I should have waited until you had known me lauger-until your father's fortune had brightened. Idiot that I am, I have ruinedalt my own hopes !" (TO E CONTINUED.) 