C{je §flrto PUBLISHBD BVK3Y WK0KS3DAY AND 8AT0B DAT MOBNINO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1804. THE DAIRY PRODUCE INTEREST. The opening up of the dairy export trade has had an important effect on the commerce of Australia. Ifew Zealand was the first to lead the way, and, with the frozen meat trade, the development put things on a much more healthy and satisfactory footing there. The dairy export trade of New Zealand haB now attained to large pro portions, and is the means of adding enormously to the cash at the disposal of the rural population. Victoria next followed suit, and the butter export trade of that colony, under the genial influence of a bonus, grew by leaps and bounds, and now, this year, without the bonus, it is estimated that it will bring back to the colony over one million sterling in money. Victoria was a year or two a-head of this colony and Ifew South Wales, but both are now in hot pursuit and are considerable exporters. There is room for a great development in both oolo« nies, and as there is a big margin to work upon in the European markets, there is still a margin for growth here. As the Australian production can always be placed on the European markets at the season when European supplies are lowest, and produced at the maximum of expense, Australian producers are favorably handicapped, and they should be able year by yrar! to more fully monopolise the home markets. There is reason to hope that existing prices will not be further depressed, and that thus, if butter* making for export can be made to pay I now it will continue to pay. We recognise the fact that the price is already all too low. With butter at lOd. to Is. per lb. in the London market the factories cannot pay a price for milk which the owners of cows might reasonably look for. But the wave of depression does not fall only on the butter trade. The growers of wheat, wool, beef, and mutton are pro bably more heavily smitten, and the real issue that stareB them in the face is thiB-What can they do better ? They have the land What can they do better with it ? They cannot afford to let their land lie idle, and they must simply go on growing grain, wool, beef, mutton, and milk even though the prices do not adequately remune rate them. Half a loaf is better than no bread, and we see nothing for it at present but to advise them to accept the half loaf and go on praying fur the whole one. Landowners may get some relief by turning more attention to the little things too often overlooked when the full tide of prosperity prevails. And in the case of the dairyman a good deal can undoubtedly be done by paying more attention to the breeding of milch cows. In this district we have many first- class milkers-good at the pail and good at the churn. Bui we have also very many poor ones animals not worth the grass they eat Dairymen cannot now afford to keep poor milkers, and they should be thrown out and replaced by better ones without delay. It costs no more in grass and labor to keep a good cow than a poor one, and the return from the one will be several times greatei than it can be from the other. It is not an uncommon thing to meet with cows that will yield from 10 to I51bs, of butter per week, but it is far more common to meet with cows that yield only from 4 to 71bs. How would the thing work out if our dairy men had cows that would not fall below lOlbs. per head-not an extra vagant .ideal in the face of the fact that individuals may be found tbat would go up to 201bs. Around Mount G-ambier the land is especially adapted to develope a first class breed of milkers, and many of our farmers possess an excellent founda tion to start from. We have many illustrations as to what can be done by careful selection in breeding, and we see no insurmountable difficulty in the Way of the dairymen of Mount Gtam bier putting their heads together and developing a beast that would be better at the pail and return several more pounds of butter per week from the churn than now exists. It can be done, and we hope it will bo. We do not attach much importance to breed in the matter of milk arid butter fats. This should be taken in connection with the land. A breed well suited to one locality may not be so well suited to another. It is here the judgment of the dairyman must come in in making a start. At Mount G-ambier the Shorthorn and the Here ford have both developed favorable strains," and good results may be ob tained by persevering with the best individual milkers in each. Some one has shrewdly remarked that a great deal of the breed in every case must go in at the mouth. There is much truth in this, but it iB even more true in the matter of milk and butter. If the cow is to be a heavy manufacturer of milk and butfer fat she must get the mate rial to work upon. Therefore the points to be held in view by the dairy stockman is first the establishment of a breed with the best milking points, and, this being obtained, to have suffi cient food for the animals to bring about the best results. The cow is simply a milk factory, and she can no more make milk without adequate food than the Israelites could make bricks without straw. CANTATA -On Friday night in the Wesleyan oharch the children of the Wesleyan Sunday school, assisted by the chnrch choir presented the pretty cantata " The Puritan's Daughter " to a large audience. The singing qf the choruses was exceedingly' good, and was i credit to the children and their con ductor, Mr. J. G. Dunning. Some quartettes and one or two solos by members of the choir were also well rendered.. A feature of the entertainment waB the instrumental music -which was supplied by several members )f Herr Schroder's orchestra, and, needless to say, it was much appreciated. The players were seated on a platform in front of the pulpit, and were as follows: - Piano, Miss G. Lewis; organ, Miss N. Dunning; violins, Miss Clayton and Messrs. J. E. Tophatq, and A." Haddy ^piccolo, Mr. JaB. Wtoitefield ; cornet, Mr. T. Dunning; violon cello, Mr. J. T. Topham. The Rev. iW. Reed gave the connective readings. The cantata | will be repeated on Sunday afternoon next, when the Sunday school anniversary will be celebrated. THE remains of the late Mr. Chas. MacKin non, who was drowned through the yfrgcVof Wairar^pa, are now on the way from New Zealand to Melbourne. On reaching there they will be sent on to Kaladbro station, for inter ment in the Mount Gambier cemetery, along aide those of his father. MOUNT Gambikb Baetisij CguiioH. - The anniversary of the Mount Gambier Baptist church-the first one celebrated in the new building-was observed on Sunday by speoial services. By invitation of the Ohuroh Com mittee the Rev. Charles Bright, of the Baptist church at Norwood, one of the leading pulpit orators of the colony, conducted the services, and, as anticipated, they were well attended. The interior of the church, as was remarked in the Watch at the opening of the building, iB very tastefully finished and pleasing to the eye, and a year of age has in no way detracted from that appearance. It is being still further beautified by the inscription of telta around and in the large blind arch behind the pulpit. Mr. 3?. H. How land has been engaged for some days at the work, and so far as it has progressed it is most artistically done. In the saroll around the archway, in gold letters edged with crimson, is the text "Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty," and the sentence is continued in a semi-circle inside the aroh in similar lettering " Heaven and earth are full of Thy glory; glory be to Thee, 0 Lord most high." In the centre of the arohway there is to be a text from Daniel xii.-"They that be wise shall shine bb the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever," which was not completed on Sunday, The rostrum and other parts of the churoh were prettily dressed with fiowers and foliage. In the forenoon the Rev, Mr. Bright preached before a good congregation on anointing Jesus Christ, from Mark xiv. 8. " She hath done what she could." The preacher pointed out that although we could not in the Bame manner as Mary anoint the Saviour, we could never theless anoint Him by doing what we could to promote the cause of God and righteousness and the welfare of humanity, and the discourse was embellished with many apt and strik ing illustrations. The preacher, who is past middle age, and bears a somewhat rugged appearance, clothes his ideas in beautiful and powerful language, and aids their expression by intense earnestness and fitting gesture. In the afternoon a camp meeting was held on the Show Ground, and there were about 150 persons present. The soldiers ot the Salvation Army took part in tlje service, and the band assisted materially with its musio. It was expected that come Adelaide visitors would have been present, but at the last some who had promised could not come, and the Rev. Q, Bright was also unfortunately absent owing to a eavere attack of neuralgia, £he I^sv. J. ppynter paudiKted eerviqe, and addresses were also given by Caph Fox, Messrs. I. Gonld, S. Barratt, jun., and G Shelton, sen., and MM. Bathune. At 7 o'clock p.m., a crowded congregation met the Rev. Mr. Bright in the church, a considerable number of members of other churcheB being present. Mr, Bright delivered a long and eloquent sermon from the words of Acts x. 88-" God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power, Who went about doing good and healing all who were oppressed of the devil, for God was with Him," At both services in the ohurch a large and efficient choir under Mr. Matthews led the music, and sang anthemB, Miss Pegler presided at the organ. Last night, before a large audience, the Rev, 0. Bright lectured on "Sooialisin in relation to Chris tianity." He spoke for three quarters of an hour, and went fully into the question. He was frequently applauded, and at times caused much laughter by his sarcastic ridicule of the arguments for individualism. At the close of his address the lecturer was accorded a hearty vote of thank?, and a similar oompliment to tbe Mayor closed the proceed, ings. The nnni versa y celebration will cm olude this afternoon when a tea, to be followed by a public meeting, will be held. .ME. A, C. GROSSER shot in three great pigeon matobes in Viotoria last week, againBt a large number of tbe best shots of Australia, and divided money in the three. On Friday, 2nd inst., he sbot in the £500 match in Melbourne. When 23 competitors were left in (inclnding Mr. Grosser) £10 was taken out (£230). When 14 were left in (Mr. Grosser being one of them) another £10 was taken out (140), and when 7 remained in (Mr. Grosser still successful) a third £10 each was with , drawn (£70). The Heven shot off for the balance of the money (£60), and a crack shot who assumed the name of " Greener" ? won it. On Monday he fired in the Ascot Vale Open Handicap, value £100. Twenty-three of the competitors (including Mr. Grosser) killed eleven birds each without a misB, when it got dark, and , they had to divide the money. So each man got £5 On Wednesday, 7th inst,, he took part 1 in the Moreland Park Handicap, value £100. L When nine of the competitors were left in (Mr. [ Grosser included) they "divided, and took £9 each, and shot for the balance (£19). Mr. Grosser went out on bis 18th bird, and the re ; raaining money waB won by a shot calling him l self " Tumbler," -who fired from the 22-yard mark. Mr. Grosser fired from the 27-yard 1 mark in eaoh match, His total winnings were ; thus £40. FOOND DEAD.-A very sad fatal event occurred at Mount Gambler on Saturday ' evening. At about 5 o'clock Master Alfred i Moore, aged 17 years, son of Mr. J. R. Moore, l solicitor, left his home on thePort MacDonnell road for the town. He was accompanied by hiB sister, but in Commercial-street they I separated, Master Moore going "up the Penola , road towards Frew Park, where some athletio exercises were going on. He was seen there l about Bix o'clock, but where he got to afterwards . was not observed. As he dii not return in the . evening his parents became anxious about him, and shortly after 9 o'olook his brother Walter i went out to look for him, but could find no t trace of him. Mr. Moore himself went out about 11 o'clook and searched in many possible places for him, and was, at nearly i 12 o'clook, on the way to Frew Park, when he met Constable Jarvia, and told him that the lad was missing. The con ' Btable joined in the search, and with i Mr. Moore looked everywhere in and adjacent to the park till after 1 o'clock. It was then thought that possibly the lad had been seized 1 with a fit of epilepsy, to which he had been i subject all his life, and had been taken in by some kind person who did not know who he was, and the search was suspended till daylight on Sunday morning. Mr. Moore was out soon after daylight resuming the search, and when he reached Commercial-street saw Constable Jar vis on the top of the hill beckon in him to go up. When he reached the constable the latter told him the sad newB that Alfred had been found dead a short distance inside the St. Paul's church main entrance. About a quarter- past 6 that morning Mr. J. E. Morris, storekeeper, who was out for a walk, was attracted by his dog barking inside the church gate, and on going to see what it was barking at, found the body of the lad Moore quite dead. It was lying forward, with the neck leaning on the lowest wire but one of the fence which proteots the plantation round the ground. It is supposed, from the appearance of the body, that the lad must have bad a fit somewhere, and on recovering from it wandered about aimlessly, as persons so afflicted do, and that whilst getting through the wireB, with his head bent down he had another seizure, and in the struggling the wire got aoross his throat and suffocated him. The body was taken home, and Dr. MacDonald, who had attended de ceased, having given a certificate as to the cause of death, the Mayor, to whom the matter waB reported, did not consider an inquest neces sary. The funeral was held on Monday after noon, and a great many friends attended to Bhow their respect for the memory of the deceased and their sympathy with bis parents. The deceased was well liked by all who knew him. He was a clever lad in many things, and at the show last Wednesday won first prize for ornamental writing. Thb Prince of Wales' Birthday was cele brated here by a close holiday on Monday. The weather was at times a trifle threatening, but the clouds rolled by, and the day proved pretty well all that could be desired for a holi day. At Frew Park the day was enjoyed by a large crowd who manifested much interest in the programme of sports provided for their entertainment. It is estimated that about a thousand persons found their way to the ground, but it was hoped that double this number would have been there, as the gather ing was got up as a benefit one-to reduce the debt on the park. The promoters met with a bigger disappointment in the evening, the concert being wretchedly attended. The sports meeting will leave a profit, but the concert will entail a loss. A GOOD programme of sports, to be held at Strathdownie on Boxing Day, December 26, is announced. It includes toot raoing, horse racing, dancing, bagpipe playing, &c.;, and a dance in the evening. Mr. Balloch and bis pipe and drum band from Adelaide have been engaged for the day. ON Saturday afternoon a bnndle of female clothing was found on the bank of tbe cave in the Cave Reserve, and for a time some fear was entertained that the owner might have taken a short cut to the next world by way of that curious natural hole. Constable Pascoe was informed of the discovery, and with Con stable Jarvis had a look at the bundle and the cave, and soun learned that the apparel belonged to a Narracoorte woman, who was on the way to the Punt, and who was quite safe. Why she left the bundle there did not transpire. BREAKING A CTCLING RECORD.-Mr. F. S. Toms, who started from Adelaide at 12 noon on Monday with the intention qf trying to break Mr. J. Snell's bicycling record from Adelaide to fifelbourne, decided at the last moment to go by way of Kingston, Kobe, ueacnport, Millioent, and Monnt Gambier. He was expected to reach Mount Gambier at a late hour last high t, and after a short rest resume his journey by way of Casterton and Hamilton, Mr. T. H. Reeves, of Mount Gambier, was engaged to pace him from Mount Gambier to Hamilto.n, THE Tantanoola annual show is to be held to-day, and is likely to have excellent weather. It is understood there will be a number of exhibitors from Mount Gambier in several sections. A good many Mount Gambier horses ar@ going down. CRICKET.-The East End Club will open the season to-day with a match between the married and Bingle of the club, on the new ground. It will begin at 2 o'clock, Mn. Rees says he will, now that he has started so well, keep the Mount Gambier boys' drum and fife band together, and train them to appear at any demonstration such as the sports on Monday. Being a good player himself he is well qualified for the task. He had them in band only three weeks, and during that time they learned four new tunes, which they played amongst others at the sports, . Rih.E MATCH. - A match between 10 civilians and a like number of members of the Mount Gambier Volunteer Company (foot) is being arranged for Wednesday, 21st inst. THE O B. Flat Sunday School annual pic nic was held at Mount Schanck on Monday last. _ The children muBtered strongly in the morning, and were oonveyed to the Mount, where a pleasant day was spent. A number oi parents and other adult friends accompanied them. MOOEAK VOLUNTEER PRIZES.-The third competition for the Moorak challenge trophy and prizes was commenced on Saturday on the Mount Peroy range. Six of the 28 entered fired, leaving 22 to fire to-day. The weather being favorable on Saturday some good scores were made. Priv. J. Ashley, of the foot com pany, put on 24 at 200 yards, 23 at 500 yards, and 22 at (300 yards, which with his handicap of 30 makes a total of 99. It will be remark able if any other will equal that at this competition. As Ashley scored 88 at last competition his average tor the two will be 93. The conditions provide that the top scorer in two competitions, one on each range, will be the 1 winner. Ashley has thus a very good show of being the winner of the trophy for 1894. But > we snail see j others may do better. i WE have the second number of the " Aus tralian Sentinel," the new monthly which haB ? adopted as its motto-" Keep the Church and the State for ever separate." As in the first 1 number the respective spheres of the Church ' and State are clearly defined and good wishes i are expressed for the efficient working of both . but forcible objection is made to the aid of the . State being in any way called in to compel ' people to obey the laws qf the church. Each ' individual, it iB held, should be accountable to ' God alone for his religious faith and praatiee, 1 and it is not within the provinoe of the State to i enforoe religious customs or rites." . T«e £ec bulletin for October is to band, It i js quite up to the us«al standard of meyit. \ 