THE CATHEDRAL CHURCH . DEAN STRETCH’S INAUGURAL ADDRESS. Yesterday the newly-installed dean of the Cathedral Church, the Rev. J. P. Stretch, preached his first sermons as pastor of that church to large congregations. His eloquent and interesting discourses during the recent miesion were still fresh in the minds of the people, so they went expecting to hear some thing brilliant, and they were not disap pointed. The dean speaks .in a homely fashion, but his remarks are forcibly given and his illustrations .are particularly - ap plicable. The eermons both morning and evening were based upon the words, “The grace nf the Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all.’’ In the morning he pointed out how the doctrine of the Holy Trinity was in Holy Scripture rather implicit than explicit, and that it was used for practical and devotional nee rather than contrpversal. Ho doubt emphasis was laid on right faith, and this reasonably. Fur'as liberty cannot mean the right to do wrong, so free the .right cannot mean the right to think wrong. In both cases perfect freedom consists in obedience to the right. The form-iir which the faith is Couched is sometimes harsh, but it would be read in the light of its own age while the leading principles that God is, that God is cue, that we exist by. the will of God, aud owe Him our duty, and to Him must give account one eternal. In the evening, continuing his subject, the preacher pointed out .that the Trinitarian statement did not overthrow but rather con firmed the statement of the unity of God. He would that men should rather try to regard themselves from the point of view of God, than try to regard God from their own point of view, and then the history of humanity b°came'a magnificent, though dis ordered evolution of the thought of the eternal God. In concluding, Dean Stretch alluded to the work he was newly taking up; and said . that he did so, tremblingly, yet in humble confidence that by the Communion "of the Holy Ghost, he might be enabled to speak to them words of guidance, and comfort, and he appealed to oil to preserve the unity of th» body, that so the work of the pariah might go forward Without hindrance. At the evening service reference was made to the death of the'Bishop of Riverine, and the organist (Mr Bailey) played the Dead Alarch in Saul, the congregation standing. 