A NEW NERO0 `(Published by Special Airrangement wWit Mesirs. Ward, Lock, and Bowdon, Ltd.) THE STOIY OF HAlOlD MTOUNTSTVAIJ T'S LIFE. OHAPTER VI.-(Conti,zued.) ' Oh, no, no,' I insisted. 'You are quite wrong, my dear rrs. Giddings \--quite positively wrong! I do hope you will not aoquaint poor, dear Blanche with your idle fancies. It might wound her very deeply if you did.' And I frowned and shook my fnger in the face. of this aged and liiipleasant tattler: really bullying her into future silence. At the same time I was confident that Blanche had grown to cherish me a good deal more than was wholesome for her piece of mind. It may have been an infatuation less sudden than I Bupposed. Possibly it had begun before my present sojourn at the Hall, just when it had altered from spark to flame I could not guess; but now a hundred tender and fluttered signs made her passion obvious as daylight. .,i She had another companion quite as de0voted as Merrs. Giddings, and, to my taste, much more agreeable. This was her dog Hector, which had nominally belonged, in past months, to her dead brother, but which had always made Blanche the object of his speoial fondness. Hector was a New foundland of the purest sort, a magnificent brute, black as night, wiih topaz eyes like a cat's, only much larger and full of an honest constancy in place of feline mutability. He had long hair, soft as bilk, a head of sur passing grae, and a tail that curled above his body inna sort of feathery g-randeur. He always went with Blanche on her walks, and to.all other dogs le.. was. the soul of 'dignified tolerance. Once, Blanche told me, when attacked by ia hugo mastiff larger than himself, he had bitten his' · foe clean through the throat, severed a great vein, and caused his death.- But this act had boon .merely one of self defence. At all usual times Hector was replete in kindness. 'I ,don't think, howvever,'Blanehe said to me one day, 'that ihe is by any means equally polite to everybody. Between ourselves, he never particularly cared for poor Egerton, his real owner and master. But you, for instanoe'-and hero Blanche gave me, with her pale blue eyes, one of those wistful and intense looks 'which I now often received from her-' it is truly remark hblehow he oeonies to care for you. I .beolieve that withi a little effort you would be able quite to alienate his affections from myself.' .' That is an accomplishment,' I hiastonod to answer, 'which I should very much dislike attaining.? 'You're so kind-hearted,' she said, almost below her.breath. 'I think it Woduld cause you roal pain to give, any fellow-roaturo the faintest annoy anoe.' 'You judge mo far too leniently,' I Slaughed, while I'patted Hector's boau teous, majestic head. Frequently, jiowadays, I would find myself sneer ing at the reputed 'sagacity' of dogs. I recalled novels and tales that I had read, in which the villain of the plot is, suddenly assailed, or at least geootbd with ominous growls, by some domestic dog seldom if ever known to be unamiable. "What rubbish, I mused, are nearly all these popular creeds and ideas If Hector, this superb animal, could detect hhman villainy by any of the alleged 'instinct' so often attributed to his spoiois, then surely he should days ago lhive planted his white fangs in my throat, But no; I deceived him with the came success thae I had deceived his intellectual superiors, .. Is there a gleam,' I had become fond, at this time, of cynically asking myself-' is there a gleam of the- so2 called spiritual underlying the material ?henomona of lifo I Is it not just as absurd to endow' man with ideal and holy qualities as to affhrm thiat some wondrous, clairvoyance may lodge itself in the brain of a dog? Th?ts vaunmirg of love, for example, as the supreme and ennobling grace of human nature, did not such silly deification of more odilly longing originate from vainglory and self-worship ? Moan ind lcting atoms that we were, why. ihould we soek to crown ourselves with the mythic nimbus of angels'? In all my arch-infamy, was I not far wider, than my follows.? Unutterable monster thut I would so quickly be named if my covert deeds, thoughts nd,' desroes could once be bared to .light, brid I not roached, after all, the .higher plane of wisdom in concluding , that soul was a more conceit of tle mind, that we wore simply multitudes ,of vltalieod, and indiwdualisod dirt, ,and tlht the coarse greed of the boast ;undcrlay every sentiment which we aplplnud an noble or somi-divino ?' :- his seorioe of self.queostionings, * which may strike many as so hidoous ,ly, so revoltingly heathen nud pugan, · was destined to receive its due au,,wor, I did not oven vaguely droltm the e'0sslblUty of such answer then, en tronchod us I was behind my own • ro?sn cortitudes, But already, though SI fadloed to surmise It, the trumpet of :my doom was being prepared for one ;keen nin.lthrlllng peal, :l.,stliny, uas ' it wore, had stretched forth on lure verslble hand, and soon she would lift that trumpet to her inplacable lips I Mlocuimldlo tho oounty promlilod to : muko pdokqnr worl c with Enlrlk Orl'rgo, fHIs ?uthov wiw In ngoniws of i'oLtr trt .,to 1i1'va11o of tho npproaorhllldtg trial, ?o rloug tLt mo mnoro tfhn onoo with hlh ' nlnutn IInl aqnovornttolm, and flanlly ;ioeonflght that I would dlivo ovor to '~iq~. ro'dTI ar(1 oo his son. I ' m oortinla , H ho Banld? , thlut my l, boy's h, uooont of this tmr\rdor, I'm certain you'll believe so, too, if you'll onlylisten to his story.' A sense of the absurdity in my listening to this young man's story caused me almost to laugh aloud. aBut I consented to meet Mark in his grim cell. There was something sublime to mo in my own hypocrisy; I was fasci nated by it, as though it had been some vast shadowy cave amid whose rec~ssos I was peering, with one or two dim-descried forms outlined spec trally in its gloom. -O a truth, I could not help musing, there was never a man so diverted by his own depths of turpitude as was I! " Mark had lost all his old wrathful demeanour. He seemed cowed, ap. palled, by the mystery which" had made him its prey. He told me with trembling voice of the strange figure that had darted forth from dusk on that fateful evening. 'You surely don't believe that personage to have been a ghost?' I said, with a. smile half of compassion and half of irony. 'No, no,' Mark sighed. 'He was fesh and blood. . He was quite as real, Mr. Mountstuart, as you are.' 'Indeed, indeed, my poor Mark?' I said, with a secretly deliberated aim lessness of tone. 'But your story, Heaven help you, does not hang together. There, at the very feet of my dead cousin, was left the pistol-' 'Which was not mine, Mr. Mfount stuart! Mine was of different make altogetherm. Mine was-' 'Then you carried a pistol ?' Mark nodded, drooping his head. 'Yes, sir, I carried one.' 'And you've seen the one which this ghostly individual carried ?' ' At the inquest--yea, sir.' 'And you admit that you prowled about the front entrance of Graydon with intentto kill?' ' With intent to meet the master-' 'And wha t?'. I quickly questioned, though very peaceably. 'Did you expect to settle your grudge without bloodshed ?' . 'If I could-yes.' 'If you could?' I reiterated. 'Do you mean that you would not have used youir own pistol (which you assert that this airy being filched from you. after my cousin was shot through the brain) provided you could have in duced Mr. Mountstuart to marry a wanton ?' Mark's face contracted, and both his hands clenched themselves. 'I never know-.--' he gasped. 'You never knew, my poor Mark, nor did your estimable father know. But all the village was well awaie of your sister's real life.' IHoro I turned to Andrew,. the for lorn father of the culprit. 'What moro can be said ?' I queried, with a break in my voice that struck me as being very finelyartistic. ' Everything is against your unhappy son--ovory thing l The pistol that was found was one of ordinary make. His own pistol, he alleges, was robbed from him by- Oh I' I broke off, with a wonderful little laugh, 'how can human credulity permit it to be taxed so greatly ?' ' Mark, overhearing me, gave a groan that was blended 'with a shud der. 'I never killed Eeorton Moint stuart ' he cried. 'I might have done it, I admit, but I didnot. There is so much in that I' I hnswered, at first, with a pitying smile, 'Alas!' I then said, seeming to struggle with the words, as though their sternness hurt a nature as rich i? humanity as my own, 'there is not enough in your assertion, my un happy • man, to save you from the ' The scaffold I' exclaimed old An drew ;' and he threw his hands upward for an instant, then burying his face in them withwild dejection. .' Oh, my God,' muttered Mark, 'must it come to that? And I'm innooont-innocent I' I looked at the stalwart yet tremu lous young fellow with eyes that seenmed to him, as I doubt not, two compassionate stars. 'You will have every chance to prove your innooonce,' I said, a little brokonly-just brokenly and emotion ally enough for the occasion, as it struck my own critical taste-' and if you fail-if you fail, I fear that youi' doom is certain I' Vihile I turned away from Mark, as though overcome by the bitterness of my own prophecy, Andrew's hand timidly plucked my sleeve, 'Mr, Harold1' came the faltering appeal, 'can nothing be done about that dark stranger-an Indian gentle man he called himself--who came to my homo on the very morning of the murder? Is there not a chanoe, sir?' 