"IS FLIRTING ON THE IN-<*> CREASE?" When in the "silly season" London newspapers are hard pressed to find pabulum which shall attract the attention of their readers and save themselves from the reproach of there being " nothing in the papers" a controversy on some phase of the question of the relations of tbi. sexes serves as an unfailing resource."'♦•"lb marriage a failure?" Are English wives better than their foreign sisters?" "Why don't young men marry?" are enquiries that have each in turn afforded scope for controversial difference, and now we find the DaUy News eliciting popular opinion on the not less ffl.sar?iw?tang problem, ** Is flirting on" me in crease V Scores of correspondents have expressed their thoughts on the issue, some in a spirit of fun, others in all seriousness. The controversialists of each sex are in agreement on two points —that flirting is on the increase and that the blame is to be put on the shoulders of the other side. As for the first matter there can be no doubt. Everyone knows Buckle's famous generalisation about the marriage rate and the price of bread. The former rises as the latter falls. We have now to learn that on the fluctuations in the quartern loaf depends not merely whether people shall marry bat whether they shall flirt or not. When bread is difficult to obtain people don't marry, they flirt instead ; and so we may infer from the commercial depres sion, even if there were no correspondents to tell us, that the habit of flirjjpg in the old country has become very prevalent indeed. Indulgence in the pastime is forgiven, and may provoke only a smile of amusement so long as the parties thereto clearly understand that they are playing the same game. But when " the deeper feelings of the heart are aroused," and what is called the joy of a passing intimacy" engenders a flame of love, then mischief ensues, and "Wrathful Lovers"and "Soured Maidens" retire from she fray to smile in coarse of time over their discomforture or to nurse in per petuity their sufferings, vituperating the while the opposite set at large. To the irreparably wounded class of jilted lovers belongs a young man who propounds the enquiry whether it is not possible to put down flirting. The light blandishments of a girl he knew lured him into a serious belief in the possibility of a "closer approach and a warmer union." But for delicately liintang his inability to take her to every concert he had to pay the penalty of finding her when next seen " linked arm in arm with some other fellow." This brings up "A Young Woman," who asks whether it is just to " stigmatise a lady a flirt because if one of a circle of male friends invites her to go to a theatre or elsewhere with him she thinks fit to accept?" Then "Another Young Man" interjects that "if girls think they axe thought of any the more by keeping bo many on hand they are deeply mistaken." Personal vanity, in his opinion, is the source of all flirting. "A Coquette" interposes with a self-ex culpatory plea that " girls who cannot or will not do a little flirting now and then find themselves invariably posing as ' wallflowers.'" Vacillating man can only be "brought to the point" by the fear of being forestalled by a rivaL Another contributor to the symposium waxes epigrammatic : —" Marriage is founded on love, flirting on admiration. Love and admiration are incompatible." We all, says a cynic, even the most serious among as, while we pillory the man or woman who flirts, "are only awaiting the opportunity of unobtrusively doing likewise." There would be no trouble," says " A Barrister," "if all promises of marriage were made in writing." To one writer flirting is "& pleasant recreation;" to another a "frivolous, sickening habit." A mascu line flirt has been enabled by the systematic pursuit of bis craft to en lighten his sex on the varied phenomena of the feminine nature. To conquer in one case yon must appear as a barber's model; in another a "studied negligence in dress is indispensable." One girl wQI resent "tha least physical familiarity before witnesses;" bat a coarser girl is "enchanted by the assumption of airs of proprietorship." "A Feminine Flirt" plies her arts on grounds of pure philanthropy! Some hearts may be wounded, and some hopes blighted, but think of the bashfulness, the boorishuess, that disappear as by magic under the spell of contact with an agreeable and self-possessed flirt ? "Psyche" is aU for freer intercourse, but finds a bar to it in the fact that sensible women are few, and sensible men still fewer. If we axe to believe "Psyche," however, great changes are coming. Of the girls of her acquaintance the greater number are wholly averse to marriage. " Psyche" has not met one man worth sacrificing her freedom for. The growth of education is causing a distaste for matrimony. If this repre sents the truth as regards young women, and as other correspondents aver the modern young man really does cling more than ever to the luxuries and liberties of his bachelorhood, there ought to be reason here to make the ghost of Malthus re joice. Over population and all other social difficulties will resolve them selves in the easiest possible way by men and women determining henceforth to have none but strictly Platonic relationships. We may fairly doubt, however, whether "Psyche" is right in supposing that intellectual culture on either side is a guarantee for the maintenance of Platonic friend ships. Intellectual fellowship is not of course an unfailing guarantee for matri monial happiness, but it is not necessarily a bar to it. In the case of John Stuart Mill and Mrs. Taylor it ended as prettily as possible in that exchange of exclama tions and its result which are now historical. "Oh! Mr. Mill, if only I had your head!" and " Oh! madame, if only I had your heart!" That the head and the heart be came soon after joined in holy matri mony does not say much for tile suffi ciency of Platonic friendship. Freedom of fellowship will, of course, tend to augment as knowledge grows with both sexes and the range of their common interests and pursuits expands, but matrimony will not on that ground become unfashionable. 