KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER XIV.—(Continued.) Dr. Graves, watching Katberine uneasily and furtively, wondered what manner of woman this girl was. So unlike all others he had ever known, sitting here without one complaint, one sob, one cry of pain with her bridegroom lost to her on her bridal night, the father who had adored her dying before her eyes. And while the night light flickered, and the two pale watchers sat mutely there, and bright wintry sun arose ; the happy New Year had begun. As its rays stole in between the closed curtains, the sick man's eyes opened, and he rallied a little. His glance fell upon Katherine, a swift gleam of intelligence lit his eyes, his lips moved, and a few incoherent words came forth. In an instant she was bending above him, her ear to his lips. " Darling papa ! yes, what is it ?" He strove hard to spenk, but again only that muttered, incoherent sound. But the girl's quick ear had caught three words : " Indian—cabinet—will." His thickening voice failed ; his dim eyes looked with piteous, speechless agony up in hers. " A will in the Indian cabinet—is that it, papa ?" He nodded eagerly—a flash of light crossing his death-like face. " And you want me to get it for you ?" He nodded again. " Quick !" he said, huskily, and she arose and left the room. The Indian cabinet was in the library. There the lights still burned brightly, and there on the hearthrug her lover had stood— the lover for whom she had been ready to give up the world and all its glory and who mercilessly cast her off. She looked darkly that way once. " He will live," she said to herself, under her breath. " And I will remember it." Then she crossed to the tall cabinet, opened one drawer after another, and searched among the papers there for the paper she wanted. She found it without much trouble, closed and re-locked the cabinet, and returned to the sick room. Sir John still lay, breathing laboriously, with a hungry, eager light in his gleaming eyes. ''Shall I read it, papa — is that what you mean ?'' He nodded once more. She opened the paper--it was very short --and read clearly and distinctly its contents. It bequeathed to bis beloved adopted daughter Katherine the sum of three thousand pounds--the portion of his late wife, and was unsigned. She understood instantly what he wished. ''You want to sign this, do you not ?'' Another eager nod, another husky ''quick !'' She laid the document upon the blotting book be fore him on the bed, and placed the pen in his hand. Dr. Graves hastily summoned Captain De- vere, and the two men stood by as witnesses while the stricken man essayed to sign. Essayed — and in vain ! The pen dropped useless from his finaers. Again Katherine lifted it, and placed it in his hand — again he strove. The effort was futile — it fell from his fingers, and with a low moan of agony his nerveless arm dropped by his side. ''It is of no use— all vital power is gone. He never will sign his name again,'' Dr. Graves said ; '' he is exciting himself dangerously and uselessly.'' The dying man heard, and understood. His eyes turned on Katherine with a speechless anguish terrible to see. '' Too late ! too late !'' they heard him groan. ''Oh, Heaven! too late !'' Katherine's arms encircled him. She pressed her cold face to his. '' Papa, darling,'' she said, softly and sweetly, ''I don't want you to grieve for me — to think of me, even. You are very, very ill— very ill, papa, and— had we not better send for a clergyman ?'' He made a feeble motion of assent. She looked at Captain Devere. ''You will go ?' she said. He went at once. Then she went close to him again, whispering gently and soothingly into his ear. But it is doubtful if he heard her. A stupor — the stupor which precedes death — was gathering over him ; his dull eyes closed, his pale lips muttered, he moaned ceaselessly ; the great, last change was very near. The sun was high in the blue January sky now, the whole world jubilant with the glad sunlight of the New Year. And in the town of Castleford people talked with bated breath of the strange, dread tragedy at Scarswood, and of nothing else. In a little cottage in the remotest suburbs of the town, Gaston Dantree lay, senseless still, while life and death fought their sharp battle above his pillow. And in that stately and spacious chamber at Scarswood its lord lay dying, while clergyman and physicians stood by, useless and in vain. She never left him ; she neither slept nor ate. As she had been from the first — tearless, noiseless — so she was to the last. The perfumed laces — the dead white silk of her trailing robe — still swept their richness over the carpet; on arms and neck large pearls still shone, on her head the orange wreath and veil still remained. She had removed nothing but her gloves — what did it matter what she wore now ? She sat beside the dying man, while the slow, ghostly hours dragged on — an awful sight it seemed to the men who mutely watched her. Her wedding day ! and she sat here bereaved more cruelly, more bitterly, than ever widow in the world before. Morning came and passed. The short January afternoon wore on. The sun dropped low, the blue twilight shadows were gathering once more. That celebrated physician from London had arrived, but all the physicians in the great Babylon were of little avail now. Lower and lower the red wintry snn dropped, flushing earth and sky with rose- light, and, as its last red ray faded and died amid the trees of Scarswood Park, Sir John Dangerfield passed from Scarswood and all earthly possessions forever. Without sign or struggle the shadow that goes before crept up, and in one quiet instant shut out the light of life from all the face. Up and down, up and down in the crimson splen- dors of that New Year sunset, Peter Dangerfield paced under the leafless trees. And this was to have been her wedding-day ! No pang ot pity, no touch of remorse, came to him — it was not in his nature to feel either. He only watched in a fever of impatience for the end. It came. As he stood for an instant, his eyes fixed on that red radiance in the west, thinking how fair and stately Scarswood looked beneath its light, Dr. Graves approached him. One look at his face was enough ! His heart gave a great leap. At last ! at last, his his our had come ! ''Sir Peter Dungerfield,'' the physician gravely said, ''your uncle is dead.'' The late Sir John had been his friend; but a live dog is better thin a dead lion. Sir John was dead, and Sir Peter reigned. It could do no harm to be the first to pay court to the new sorereign. '' Sir Peter !'' He turned faint and giddy for a moment with great joy, and leaned speechlessly against a tree. Then he started np, his face flushing dark red, and made hastily for the house. Never before had the old baronial ball looked half so noble, half so grand ; never before had the fair domain spread around him seemed half so stately an inheritance as now, when he stood there; in this first January sunset, master of Scarswood. CHAPTER XV. ''DEAD OR ALIVE.'' The funeral was over, and a very grand and stately ceremonial it had been. There had been a profusion of mutes, of black velvet, and of ostrich feathers, a long procession of mourning coaches, a longer procession of the carriages of the county families — a whole army, it seemed, of the Danger- field tenantry and the trades-people of Castleford. For the late Sir John, during his brief reign, had made many friends, and over his death a halo of delicious romance hung. Miss Dangerfield was not Miss Dangerfield— his daughter was not his daugh- ter, and over in that little cottage on the outskirts of the town, a young man lay, dying it might be— slain by the hand of the outraged baronet whom they were burying today. It was a very solemn pageant. The bells of the town and of the hamlets about tolled all the day long'! Scarswood Park had been alive from morn- ing until night with people in carriages coming to leave cards. The principal shops of Castleford were shut, the principal church hung in black. And 'ashes to ashes— dust to dust,'' had been spoken, and they laid Sir John, with the dozens of other dead Dangerfields under the chancel where sturdy Sir Roland Dangerfleld, knight, had knelt, and where he had reposed for a hundred years, opposite his wife Elizabeth, with a stone cushion between them. The funeral was over, and in the pale yellow glimmer of the January sunset the mourning coaches and the family carriages went their way, and the dead man's adopted daughter was driven back home. Home ! What an utter mockery that word must have sounded in her ears as she lay back among the sable cushions in her trailing crapes and bombazine, and knowing that of all the homeless, houseless wretches adrift, on the world, there waa no one more homeless than she. The pale yellow glow of the sunset was merging into the gloomy gray of evening as they reached Scarswood. Her faithful friend, Edith Talbot, who had been with her from the first was with her still. The blinds were drawn up, shutters unbarred, Scarswood looked much the same as ever, only there was a hatchment over the great dining-room window, and in the house the servants, clad in deepest mourning, moved about like ghosts with bated breath and hushed voices, as though the lord of the manor still lay in state in these silent upper rooms. It all struck with a dreary chill on the heart of Miss Talbot — the gloom, the silence, the mourning robes, the desolation. She shuddered a little, and clung closer to Catherine's arm as they went up the wide, black, oaken staircase, down which Gaston Dantree had been hurled. But there was that in her friend's face that made her very heart stand still with awe and expectation. She was white as death. At all times she had been pale, but not like this — never before like this ! As she had been from the first hour the blow fell, so she wns still — silent, tearless, rigid. All those days and nights when Sir John Danger- field had lain stark and dead before her, she had sat immovable in the big carved oak chair at his head, her clasped hands lying still, her face whiter than snow, white almost as the dead, her eyes fixed straight before her in a steady, unseeing stare. Of what was she thinking as she sat there — of all that was past, of all that was to come ? No one knew. People who had thought tbey had known her best looked at her in wonder and distrust, and began to realize they had never known her at all. Friends came, and friends went — she never heeded ; they spoke to her soothingly, compassion- ately, and she answered in briefest monosyllables, and closed her lips more resolutely than before.. The only one of them all she ever addressed directly was Mr. Otis, and then only in one short phrase, ''How is he?'' The answer as invariably was '' Much the same — no worse, no better.'' (To be continued.) 