THEATRICAL & LITERARY GOSSIP. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, September 29, 1894. The advance booking at the Adelphi is the heaviest known for many yean. Evidently "The Fatal Card" will run well into 1895. Mr. Murray Carson, who plays the villain Forester with such force, has of course been interviewed. Ho telU therein of a quaint incident which befell him when playing Lae sonlitch, in " The lied Lamp." In one of the important scenes of this play, you may re member, the Pole has to use a knife. Mr. Carson, unfortunately, was co nervous his hold sbpped and tbe dagger spun out of his hand. "I saw," he says, "the glitter of steel as it flashed over the footlights and Eptd straight towards the stalls. There was a gasp in the house, for the weapon darted directly towards* gentleman sitting in the middle of the front row. Luckily the orchestra barrier stopped it, and there in she rail it stuck quivering." The individual in peril was Mr. Joseph Chamber lain. An old broken-down cab horse which, dis- Rnised in sumptuous trappings, carries a mediaeval monarch in the drama now enacted nightly at the Montpanusse Theatre, Paris, created a rare stir on Saturday evening. Usually the poor beast appears hardly able to raise its padded feet from the ground, but on Saturday as tbe very moment ot the equestrian 1 hero's triumphal entry it commenced to kick. The eupera, faithless to their trust,; instantly fled with the other actors, and the ! victorious monarch was left alone with his cantankerous steed, facing a.l amused and ex cited audience. There was a moment of sus pense, and then the horse reared straight np, and coming down with a jerk shot his Vic torious majesty neatly into tbe prompter's box, his legs alone remaining visible. What would have happened bad the prompter been in bis place Heaven alone knows. Fortunately be was not, and the luckless monarch by-and-bye emerged hind foremost with a bleeding noae and bulbotn forehead. Amidst much laughter he then ehuffled off, but nothing would per toade him to go through the scene again, j Ultimately he cried without, "What ho! there, varlets, I prithee take hanae ray prancing steed !" and entered afoot. This renewed the hilarity of the audience, who for some time laughed so that the piece could not proceed. Mr. Wilson Barrett is about to produce in the provinces a play of such an audacious character that he " tshrinks from the thought of what will be said of it. Nevertheless he opines that if the critics object thereto they must logically insist on the bowdlerisation of the commandments and tbe elimination from the Bible of numerous notable and instructive passages. As an advance "advt." this announcement is distinctly eood. We have yet to see Dr. Conan Doyle's play let "A Story of Waterloo" in London, but the critics who went down to Uristol for the prtmitre last Thursday are enthusiastic con cerning both its workmanlike ccaracter and Mr. Irvings wonderful study of old age as the hero. Setting aside the rhapsodies of Mr. Clement Scott—who, like th« scribe in "A Rising Star," is rather apt to b~l?ud indis criminately the efforts of our only tragedian— it seems to be generally agreed teat IrvinftV Corporal Jirewster will rank amongst his finest impersonation*. Let me, however, give you from the reports in the Lon don papers some idea of th« piece. Corporal Gregory Brtwcter (a Waterloo v?tnran),in bis old age and indigenes, is visit«d by his grand-nieoe Norah, who comes to care for him in his declining noun. At tbe play opens she is preparing the old man's breakfast when Sergeant McDonald, ILA., arrives, and announce* that bis comrades in the local artillery depot, having heard that tbe old soldier was not so well looktd after as he might be, had cotnousiooed! him to aj-certain what could be done to relieve and comfort him. Attracted by a medal hanging in a frame he lovers it from tiic wall and reads (Joad to the newly-installed young bomekeeper • newspaper excerpt ap pended to the medal embodying a oon tempjrary record of a brilliant deed ot daring performed by the corporal during the Waterloo engagement. On Mcltonatd's exit the introduction is thus jiaved for the ap pearance at Corporal lirvmur. wbo in a domestic scene with Norah displays the inti nite care bestowed by Mr. Irvin; in hi* oharacter- study of all the little touches of senile decay. Tbe band of a marching rt-ci ment is heard, and the old man. Bearing tbe window and fired with entbtttiura, rejau* the incident of his being decorated l>y the Regent for his heroism, and tbn cherished repartee that when 11.K.1X. *aid, "Tbe regiment is proud of }<**," tbe cor poral respondvd, "And I'm prund of the regiment," aad tbe first gentle man in Europe retorted, " And a d d good answer, coo!" Sergeant MolJonsld, return ing, has a cheery interview with Urswater, wbo ones like a child on the accidental dropping and breakage of bis clay pipe, warms into martial ardor at mention of aecvica exploit*, and ftnon whines at tbe distress caucwl him when the flies are "too owdactotu.*' lie handles the sergeant's breechluading rifle, and compares it disparagingly with the lirown Uom of his day. gives vent tv turmisaa what " tbe Dook" would have thought of certain incidents in modern warfare, U puerilely grateful for the preeont of a wooden pipe, and, in a merit* uf akiliully-devised t>pical change* of subject, betrays the effect that eld age has wrought on his mental vigor and his eeoti bilitiea. The girl, being again loft alone with her grand nnole, eeelu to please him by an offer to read from his Bible, and in urged to select passages from Joshua on account of the rwtllm reourdbd therein, and of tl*e old mas'* belief that there will be a " last final fight" la. midst of tin peace of tho next world, and that" his old regiment will be there, "and the Dook-" Another visitor arrives in tbe person of Colonel Midwinter, bow oommanding the veteran's old recimeot, wbo brings pecuniary relief on behalf of his brother officers. At his solicitation Brewster re-?unte the iiougomoot incident of Waterloo, illustrating the tactical positions by a paregoric bottlr. a pill- box, an inhaler, a pipe, &c;, with a quaint intermix ture of infantile engrossment and manly enthusiasm ; and at the dote of tbe interview be makes a pathetic appeal that when his end oomeethe colonel will not grudge him "a flag? and a ririnfr party," for he would like tv tbiiakj that " two lines 0/ tiuardemtn" would honor his end. Tbe earne«t intensity witb j which this appeal is n.'ade constitutes v one of the stzoogebi; fv*tureb in tiie dialogue and the interpretation of tbe piece, and eeeurea a roar of acclamation from tbe front. The colintJ accedes ami departs; the old man, wearied with his effort, sinks into slumber, aod the sergeant returns. In a gently-tuned, tender passage with his maiden admirer, McDonald throws a ray of lightness and light on the situation, when suddenly tbe old warrior, rising from his seat in a dream, shouts aloud a battle-cry of the G uacda and lalis dead in his chair. " The Derby Winner," notwithstanding its 37 principals, 30U supers, and six race horses would, off tbe big rtage at Drury-laae, seam * very ordinary melodrama indeed. But at our so-called National Theatre it pleases even the most hypercritical playgoer. I think myself, indeed, that these colu&tal; autumn ooncoctioiig are far greater proofs of Sir Augustus Harris* fr*&w;*mm*nmt capacity yban tiie Christmas pantomimee. HU method is to tfclect half-a dozen sensation scenes, and to write or set others to write up to them. One would think «nch a system was bound to fail, but itdoesn'c. " The Derby Winner" ttory runs beautifully Bmoothly. The idea was a: first, I believe, to dramatise Uawley Smart's ** Bound to Win." But Sir Augustus rejected the leading motive as insufficiently strong. So the authors fell back on the Famiiy Herald. In the opening act—a splendid set showing the family mansion of the Earl of Deeborough— we learn that that over-fast young nobleman is on the verge of ruin, and that only his colt Clipstone winning the Derby can by any pos sibility save him. Naturally the scoundrel of the piece {none other than our old friend Chas. Cartwnght) wishes to prevent that devoutly to be desired coueummatioc. He has a horse in the rave liimeelf, and, furthermore, ho hates Lady Des borough. Did she not once spurn his love with contempt t So for three long acts Major Mostyn (to give him bis stage name) success fully carries out the good old game of stage villainy. By a venerable letter device he makes Lady Debborough believe tbe wortt concern ing her husband and an adventuress yclept Vivien DarvUle, and when after a tremendous scene at the military ball her ladyship leaves the earl in is in Mastvn'e company. She trusts the major of course, but he toon un deceives her as to hi? intentions, and just as the anfortucftto woman learns the is irre trievably compromised Desborongh bursts in upon them and denounces her. With the ruin of his home and the sale of hie horses at Tatteraall's Desborongh's troubles culminate. But Mostyn is not allowed to get Clipstone. Mrs. Jno. Wood, who as the jovial goodnatnred sporting Duchess of Milford audaciously caricatures Lady Gerard, comes to the rescue. After an exciting suction scene she buy? die Derby favorite for the earl and the horse returns to bis old stables. In the next act the earl and countess are reconciled over their child's sick bed, and Mostyn as a lost resource gets at Clipstone's jockey. Des borough's trainer and original jockey have been alienated through believing him to be the seducer of the former's little girl. Fortunately just in tune they learn Mostyn was the culprit. The jockey thereupon throws off the latter's jacket and donning Deeborongb'a rides Clipstone to victory. The chief scenes are the military ball (a triumph of sumptuous realism), the trial of the horses on Malton Downs, tbe sale at Tattersall's, the paddock at Epsom, and the Downs on Derby Day. To all who care to understand the descrip tion of brain-softening which overtakes jeven fairly intelligent persons who euconmb to spirit seanoes, table-turning, 4c, I strongly recommend Miss Florence Marryat'e new book. It is called " The Spirit World" and meant to be "creepy," bat the authoress duly manages to be (quite unconsciously) rather funny, ller stories of manifestations, materialisations, prophecies, dreams, and so on, are old aud stale as bur spirits. The latter are of a type and all the namea co familiar at amateur table - turnings recur. John Kin); is here onto again, aod K«J and Joe)', likewise Mr. Stead's too-oonndiiig Dewdrop. It v Dewdrop who instructs tbe novice as to the preparation oi a "perfect seance room." It le not a cheery chamber — de void of carpet*, curtains, hangings, and pictures; furniehed only with a. deal table without a table-cloth, and with chairs which must be cane-seated, "so as to let the in fluence through." We cannot htlp feeling that Dowdrop makes an unpleasant reflection upon the personal habits of her fellow eojouroerc beyond ttie veil when she urdrra that the morning alter the Hianew the window must be tbrowu open and the table anj chairs scrubbed wiih poap and water! "Sitters" (the word is Miss MarryatV) who have a musical ear will be grateful to i)ewdr?p fur one piece of advice. Sicg, she bays, sine by all meanp, lor the action of using the voice " throws eff the aura which the spirits use to work with;" only, she cried, "Ut it Uin har viony.' It is aa well, too, M-ss Marryat lei la ub at the end of the volume, sometimes to learn a new song or two, ior even the most patient ghost will revolt at last against "The sweet by-aud-bye," and she caps htr re commendation with a pointed instance :— " A circle being requested to ' tm.« up,' commenced the immortal, never-lading 'Shall we gather at the river f As they ceased an influence manifested itself unknown to anyone there. On being asked who be was he answered—'l am the unhappy composer of Shall we gather at the river. Had my life been twicH as einful as it was 1 should have expiated everything by the purgatory 1 have suffered in hearing that tune sung no often and to badly at your various meetings. Cannot you possibly find Homeihing else to sing': I am tick to death of it'" Misa Marryat was once speaking to a spirit called Aimee. "Do you eat and drink in your sphere, Aimee, and what do you wear': And do you ever sleep f sho asked. " What a lot of questions yon ask at a time, bat 1 am not sure if may answer them all. V«e, we eat and drink, bat not the eaaie sort of thing' that you do. We can clothe ourselves with our thoughts — i.e., anything which we may think ot ap pears upon ut, that is wby epirite that visit their trieadt after death often seem to be wearing the clothes tbey did whilst on earth. ttecau.se in thinking of returning they have thought, perhaps, of the last tune tbey saw the fnenti I hey wish to visit, and so the clothe they wore then appear with tbem." If a certain discrepancy in giving evidence be, as lawyers tell u(, a sort of proof oi the general credibility ot the witnesses, the veracity of Miss Marryat and her spirit friends is beyond all cavil and question. In more than one place we are told that the note of the lite bt-yond the grave is progres*, dgrelopment. Yet babies in arms appear nmny years after death etill in arms; and the ghost of a ttoor lunatic woman, dead this century or more, "till bowls and plays lan tutfc tricks in the buu«e in nhico the was incarcerated. Again. Mira Marry at it very ■wvert* upon those who preach th« now almoet diycreditvd doitrice of a pbysnul hell. But according to the testimony of I*hyllis *? tbn oonaitions ul the after-life differ not re very widely from the " Infernu" of Dante :— "She hu told me that the spbvre in which the was first iocatad was 100 awfn! fur d«>crip tioo. She Mtid it was a country without ver dure or water ur light. That it wa« alwayi dock, and tbe ground was cospocvd of cinder*, so that walking was painfa!. and the efiinu for the most part crawled about it on tbeit knees. This ?pint bad indulged in drink ing whilst on earth, and her a<ooy while wine or Imr was on the tablr or in tiie room, to fin<f *ne could no iougei indulge in it. was terrible to iistt-o to. Fancy the tiltby nr-nded and impure in body bring submerged in a ?ea of rlimo too horrible lot words to dert-ribr. which Beta into tbmi mouths and txwtti>, and clings to ih«r g&t; meet*, aod bcrmirchec fvery part of liinm with ita foul tteocb aud f'*-linjr?. Thu is what * Dewdrop' tu'.d me tbe other day was U>* rpbere for thox? m«n and women who forget ttinr tax acd their humanity." \',j may of tinafe I quota tbe following edifying armodole. Ttw h<-ro ia a spirit calls] "I ndr," who had always Godinnl to rtu>w his laoo until his ue|«hew. *'Chrutopln-r." another spirit, declarud that it «v rucaune tic Wit too much aabamrd of it:—"Uoadod un by taw lioviJotw *ccu**tioa, ' "mJ« at lut mn noumed tb&t; bt? wu oominc out of toe cabinet tuliymattnaSwd. W«wei«ailniuchu>terestvd to boar ttuo, as it l? plewant f> lural a Irieod you have known through taratal coDVfjrw ior to luo«r v taoe to fac*; au w* w-vr* vn the tiploeof eiprctatton to makn the pt-r -apoa\ acquaintance ot imde. I'nwist!y, aiuv pnrrral int-U'Ctual atlrmpta, wbioti werr tMralded bjr ocurnful laufbtev from hu an dutiful n*-|A*w. poor uncle issun] frutu lb« cabinet. Ila: MlhW b« had mi>oalciiUfc<d hit phy?i'o>l (trrogth, or be did nut know tbc ■Jiriiculues oi u>turitliwti3B ; for. in th« fintt pluw, be wa<t nut half tb* niie be ought tv navts be*-n, and, in tbn eeouvid, b« comtnfltiCMd to tuniLln vj piror* a* «mvii a* b« anofwintTrd tbo mortal jtaxn fixxd ua bim. Us ju-: managnl to hulrfjlv ruuod half the oircUt, hi4d inp bia drapxry tugelh>-r ?• it it «m too long, and be cltuuld *tumb!« <iver it, wben, a« i.b bad reached the middle t<t the rootc, rad to relate, pour unclu tumbled nfht down no the i!<Kir and Ixrgxa to (unit auay. lie would ba<« deuutruklirtyi altoe^ttin before ua bad not JoLn King Uiru«t bis hand out <it the cabin«t, and seizing hold of ancle's remain* pulbtd timm bodily out of sight. 1 shall never furget the vtleet of uncle being pullod <>3 the ataga like a bundle of raw*, nor tLi* «brc*-k? nf laufftit^t With wbicil fau efforts wnre rewarded." '1 Utro must b« vitality mriend in llio bcUsf wbidi trill survive unshaken, tbe ep«<:tacle of • spirit liobbling round Urn room "holding it* drapery together." Mrs. Maiiningtua Caffyn's cxp«rieDOM as a bobpital nunu-, romeot wbicb are emboUi' d m htr fausbaud'n "Mv« Milnt-aud I" will turui tbe ground work ut "Children of Cirouw fctsnoc" ADuUaer lady novolut whose first work, like that of Mrs. Catfyn, made a great i-tir. but who failed vo fuliow it up immciriiairly. It Mrs. Margiirct L. Woods, tbe actbor of a vivid picture of rural ln« onlitkid "A VilUjt Tragedy,*' imti'iel.od in lh>7. One bears with iDtem-t the tiu txmipictrd a new one voluiuc tale called "Tbe Vagabonds" which Bentley i« about producing. The advanced ectool of lady novelitte da not propoiM to allow us to iurffft tbeijj lh?? autumn. In addition to "Children of Oicum rtauce" aud (jeorge KgrrtuoV " Llitcutds' Mrs. Crauiie (Jno. Oliver liotjb?t) will give as a tint long fctory directly. Tbe cum. brous title selected v "The God*, bum. Monti?, autd l^dy WickenSuuD." yiita sunn Dunuan (Mrt. Catesj also ijroiuises *' V«iiou;« Aunt," the Anglo- lonian expc^l^ui-tie ot an elderly virgin, tint published in tbe idler. Edna I.jalt'e " Uanxs" will be bruu^bt out next month by lioa^manE, and lone. & Cu. promiae tbe just now cnonuoUsly piipular Siuiiley WiVDjn'n "My l*dy Rjtha" about the eanie time. In tbe latwr Mr. Weyinau got-a to Ciermany and tbe "Thirty Years War" for a Getting. Conan IJoyle'e ivrins of doctors' yanu has beeo chrisienbd ** Koond the Hed Lamp.* 1 UiderHsftiarri'sbrother, Lieuteoant- ColoueJ Andrew Haggard, D.3.0., wbo wrote a read able etory cailied " Ada Triscott," two years ago, is just putting tbe finishing touchee tv "T«mp<-st Tom," a novel is 000 volume, which M^esrs. Uutchin&on; have undertaken to produce. "Both Worlds liarred," by Mrs. Sydney Kean, relates tbe woes of a Presbyterian minu-terwbostrayeinto the way? of Bgntaticieni and losee hie. sweetheart in consequence. This will be published by A. & C. tthwk, who alco announce Mr. Maclaren Cabban's ntw tale ot adventure, "The White Kaid of Atlas," a romance on similar lines to the author's excit ing " Red italtan." tS&aipson; Low announce a 2s. Cd. edition of famous works of travel uniform with tbe re irsue of liiauk'c, Ul&ckmore;'e, and Clark Kubsell's novels. They will include Major WingatsV ''Ten Years' Captivity in the Mabdi'i* Camp." Stanley's "How I Found Livingstone,7' "The Great Luue Land," " The Craiw of the la!con," and other books now in tbe firm's 7s. *>d. series. In an amusing article on printers' and journalists' blunders the Fall Hail Magazine re calls tsaton one occasion Sit William Uarcourt having quoted from the Acts the well- known saying "Great is Diana of the Epbeaiani" was transfixed to find himself reported as observing "Great Diana! what a tarco this ie.' Mr. T. D. Sullivan relates that a line in one of the most perfect of his poems com mencing— Btbold this sheet of firs, was ruined by an intelligent "comp." who would have it— Behold this sliiri's erf. re, and the late Lord Carnarvon fared nearly as badly. "In these days," said his lordship, "every clergyman is expected to have the intellect and wisdom of a Jeremy Taylor." The pressman nnfortonately had never heard of that divine and always swore the nobleman Baid as he re ported, "tbe intellect *nd wisdom of a journeyman tailor." Wrong stops are also occa sionally disastrous. An American lady re porter wishing to hint a famous dresser <rar not as smart as usual at a certain ball said— "Mrs. Brown wore nothing in tbe fehape of a dress that was remarkable." To her own and Mrs. Brown's horror the "comp" put it— " Mis. Brown wore nothing in the shape of a drees. That was remarkable." Hypatia Bradlaugh's (Mrs. Bonnor's) record of her father's life and work will be issued during the current publishing season in two volumes, and a selection from tile correspon dence of James BuascU Xiowell and Miss Cartland's "Life of Whittier" are almost ready. 1 Mr. Gladstone has, it is announoed, pro -1 rnised to write an introduction for "The • People's Pictorial Bible Hiatory,"one of those bulky and usually unreadable works which tbe 1 American book tout makes a curse to our happy bombs. The Shepbard Company, ot 1 Chicago, are res)x>nbible tor this particular : literary mixture, and Archdeacon Farrar and other experts ia Scripture will contribute tbeieto. i Tbe latest additions to thu really admirable 1 edition of the historical rouiiinoeo of Alexander Damas which J. M. Dent &. Co. have under taken to bring out in Eogiand are the revo -1 Iticion novels. Tbeen open with the *' Mnmoirs of a Physician," are continued in the "Queen's Necklaoa," "Ange Pitou," and the "Com -1 teHso deCbamr." and conclude with "Tbe i Chevalier de "liaison House." Tbe eupe . nonty of tbe Dent edition to tbe 1 ordinary cheap one is that the works ; have been translated by a ecbolar ; with some comprehension of the spirit lof tho age. Afro tb<re are excellent . explanatory introductions. Your public 1 libraries and institutions which can afford this ' Dumas should make a point of adding it to ■ their shelves. The novels make capital tead > ing, and give one some idia of the history of France, of whiah preoioua few folks nowadays 1 know asytbing. 1 ■Those who like myself did not read " Tbo ; Ebb Tide" when it was runnins in Today or 1 the colonial papers have a treat before them. Though the story from beginning to end has ■ but four characters, and cannot toast even the ' wbi?k of petticoat, it is one of the niott powerful pieces of work Stevenson has recently given us. Kolf Holdrewood,in his "Modern > Buccaneer," {taints similar-scenes and similar 1 men. Tbey are, however, but shadowy : sketches beside Stevenson's ruthlessly drawn ■ n-alitiee. Thu beatkoombers of "Toe Ebb 1 Tide" oro tbe genuim; article. Mr. /Cangnill, the author of "Ghetto 1 Tragedies," "Children of tbe Ghetto," and ; other remarkable novels of .Jewish life, afford* ; in his own person a striking instance of fhat the energetic younc Hebrew can achieve. , Bom in poverty, he received bis early «duca \- tion at tub K*d Crots Sch-.nl in BrittuL i Leaving there at 14 young Xangwill came to 1 London and Fccured scholan-hinf, which kept ; him going till ho took his 11. A. at 20. He then t?-mn to scribble fir com 10 paper*, aud ; about ux yean ago edited a now defunct 1 weekly called Ariri. At present Zimjaill makes not far ehort of £2,u00 a year by his : pen. . Mr. William Leia&u; who died in Doblui lai>t week was a brother of tbe author of , "I'ncle Silas'-* and other eerie novels. Hel ' himself produced an admirable volume of! . ** lieooilectionn of Iruh Life." which abounds' in quiin: and original stories and traits of , Irisb social life. : Tbe series of " English Cluaios" which V. . F_ Henley is editing for Methupn& Co. will . be pruited on band-made p?prr by Constable j and bound in buckram. Tbe first is to be I , ' Tristram Sbandy," witb ao introduction by ' ChatL Whibley, and the second "Tbe I'll grim'« lVogreaf," with an introduction by Sujvensou. 