AMONG THE SPIRITS. An Irreverent Reporter. Doubtful About Manifestations. Notes at a Spiritualist Seance— All That Transpired Reduced to Shorthand. With the firm conviction that there are more things in heaven and earth then are dreamt of in our philosophy a reporter of the Star one night last week attended a seance under the auspices of a spiritualist body. The writer went there per- fectly open to be convinced, on proper evidence being forthcoming, of the existence of disembodied spirits. The results left the writer a greater sceptic than ever he had been in his life as to spiritualistic phenomena, and afforded him an opportunity of studying human nature in one of its most interesting stages. Had we been provided by Providence with a head in which the bump of imagination was abnormally swollen in all probability we would have seen what others said they saw or "recognised," and been able to furnish a descriptive account of how the phosphorescent denizens of the atmosphere looked and felt under their new and mysterious conditions. THE SEANCE was held in an upstairs room in the Temperance Hall. We arrived there just as the clock was striking 8. The secretary conducted us to a seat opposite to a young lady in white, who afterwards turned out to be a medium. Those in attendance, who numbered about 30, and consisted of an equal number of ladies and gentlemen, were seated in the form of an oval, the enclosed space being the arena in which the spirits or departed souls were to perambulate. Everybody spoke in hushed whispers and a mysterious, eerie sort of feeling gradually crept over the assemblage. Suddenly the well-lighted room was darkened, and we awaited develop- ments. The master of ceremonies, so to speak, made an announcement to the effect that the two clairvoyants in attendance would interview thw spirits who appeared and impart their utterances to the gathering. He impressed on everybody the necessity for silence. After this the silence was painful, and each one could hear his neighbor breathing. The uninitiated were then startled by the spiritualists breaking out into a mournful hymn having refer- ence principally to spirits. The singers lugubriously chanted that the spirits were hovering round. Then, to en- courage the arrival of what was looked for an elderly gentleman in the room offered up a prayer to the Almighty Ruler of the Universe, asking him to give his creatures here below some substantial evidence of the fact that when they died they took a luminous form, and did not simply end their existence by being buried. He prayed for some supernatural manifestation. Another soul-depressing dirge ensued, and then the spirits began to walk. Over 50 of them appeared, according to the male and female clairvoyants, at work, but although two or three were re- ported to have been hovering over the un- regenerate reporter, and gazing reproach- fully at him, the scribe is prepared to take affidavit that he saw none of them, neither did he know any defunct person answering to the description given, or feel any tapping on the shoulder, a process which a middle-aged woman was alleged by the clairvoyant to have gone through. At the outset, just after the lights were lowered, we felt positive that we saw a spirit. A shadowy object moved down, the open space, and we felt our hair begin to rise. There it was distinctly, and no optical delusion at all. We gazed at it with indescribable feel- ings, but recovering our faculties we saw the dark form approach, and actually heard footsteps. Then we heard a gruff voice, and awoke to the fact that this was only the master of ceremonies who had left his place and walked down the room to give some instructions to the doorkeeper. This, however, was the only approach to a spiritual form that we observed during the seance. After the hymn the male clairvoyant called out, "Ah! there he is. I see a spirit, giving the name of William Bartlett, walk- ing up and down the room. Does anybody know William Bartlett? He is looking round the room as if he recognised one of his friends." Nobody knew a spook of this patronymic, and the medium, after a short pause, cried out, "In the centre of the circle is a spirit giving the name of John Cummins. He is a man about 5ft. 8in. tall, with dark hair brushed high from his fore- head. He has a moustache, and is now touching the gentleman seated over in the middle of the room." This spirit also was unknown, but the clairvoyant immediately sighted another. "Our friend" (he called the spirits by this name) "says he was called Richard Blake before he passed away. He is a young man, tall and fair. Does anybody know him?" At last there was a recognition, one of the sit- ters near the medium claiming that he knew him. Other invisible visit- ors wore observed by the clairvoyant to the number of about a dozen, of which number two only wore recognised by any of the sitters by the descriptions given. As painted in words by the clairvoyant, the spirits wore variously fat, thin, dark-eyed, blue-eyed, bald, hairy; in fact, the range was very extensive. One lady recognised a young woman calling herself Marguerite who, according to the clairvoyant, was crying for her mother. What she wanted her maternal relative for did not transpire. The master of ceromonies did not appear altogether gratified at the few recognitions that had taken place, and gravely impressed on the sitters the necessity of recognising the spirits if they know their names, otherwise the spirits, who were very sensitive, would be repelled, which would make it difficult for the mediums to see or hear them clearly. Another lugu- brious chant followed, and the young lady clairvoyant relieved the gentleman. Gazing about the darkened room she sighted spectres one after the other in rapid succession. The peculiarity about her visions were that they only told her their Christian names, and she professed her inability to catch the surnames. Also nearly all of her spirits "looked happy," and wore "spiritual robes," whatever they are. A ghost called Louise was most persistent in appearing, but nobody claimed acquaintance with her till the third visit, when a cadave- rous looking young man on our left called out "I know her." As in every other case of alleged recognition the medium asked no fur- ther questions of the ghost and conveyed no message from the spirit, though the M.C. had previously stated it was oi the greatest importance that the spirits should be hailed if known, for the important reason that they might have important communica- tions to make. Evidently the mystic inhabi- tants of the air were not in a communicative mood. According to the lady medium many of the disembodied spirits knew some of the sitters, and touched them to signify the fact. The reporter was visited by no less than three or four who, according to the medium, hovered near him. One was a tall dark young man giving the name of Charlie, another was a middle-aged woman, a third again was a young lady, and the fourth an aged female, who all, said the medium, looked at the pressman reproach- fully for not saluting them. So far as the spirits were concerned it was a clear case of mistaken identity. One spirit, said the medium, rested its hand on the writer's shoulder, but not by any stretch of imagination could we feel either a clammy, or a magnetic sensa- tion. Some of the ghosts, as described, must have been comical looking creatures. 1 "There is Hannah," said the lady medium, pointing at what appeared to us as dark- ness pure and simple, "She is on crutches," she said in reply to a query as to what Hannah was like, "and is looking round at the lady there as if she knows her." Another person in the same stage of exist- ence as Fisher's Ghost was reported by the lady medium to be mooning round in a melancholy way. "He looks as if he had been drownded (!), because he has a cloud on," said the medium, but this departed soul quickly disappeared when no- body welcomed him. In fact there was only about half a dozen recognitions out of 50 spirits which showed themselves to the clairvoyants, and the M.C. said that evi- dently the conditions were not favorable, and suggested what he called "physical manifestations." Still another dirge was heard. About 10 ladies and gentlemen then got round a light table on which they placed their hands. Certainly the table moved, but owing to the semi-darkness nobody could say whether anybody applied pressure to make it tilt over. It being a light piece of furniture but slight force would have been required to produce this "phenomena." The gentleman medium, an elderly man, was at the head of the table and the central figure in the business. He reminded us of the old fellow figuring as the chief character in the wall- known novel "Lorna Doone." He made passes in the air, banged the table with his palms and behaved in what appeared to our irreverent eyes a most amusing fashion. "We will now have some raps," said the M. C., who stood behind the medium. "I see a friend," at once proceeded the medium, and he continued, "Give us nine raps to manifest your presence." Nine taps were given, and the reporter, who marked the direction of the sounds, felt certain they were made by a lady-sitter on the right of the medium. We resolved to watch. Later on the medium prayed another spirit whom he claimed to see to give three raps "as a good night." This time, we assert fearlessly and abso- lutely, we saw the lady in question rap the table. It was clearly no spirit, but a sub- stantial woman who responded to the medium's wish. "The spirit of my father is generally present," remarked a man at the table near the medium, "Ask him to give half a dozen raps." We watched again very closely. On this occasion the spirit evidently moved the medium, for he certainly gave the half-dozen raps himself. They were given with one finger, just as a player strikes the keys of a pianoforte. In all there were half a dozen series of raps, and the necessary operation was performed each time by either the medium himself or the lady on his right. The most striking feature of the seance was what followed after the table rapping. The old gentleman was observed waving his arms about like a windmill in a gale, and then he laid his head on the table and began to moan and groan. This was a trance. He produced some soul-disturbing sounds and laying hold of both hands on the gentle- man on his left began to rub them as if anxious to produce friction. This was deemed to be a proper time to question the spirit direct through the "translated" medium, "Who are you?" said a per- son at the back, gazing down at the prostrate head of the medium. " Are you a relation of mine?" asked the same party. "Yes, your brother," said the entranced medium. "But I have none," said the in- dividual. "You mean his cousin," cor- rected one female. "Yes, your cousin," said the medium; but, strange to say, questioning concluded at this stage. Still emitting sepulchral noises the medium groped with his hands till he secured those of a lady sitter on his left, and went through the same process of fumbling. The medium then suddenly recovered and rubbed his eyes as if he had just awakened from a sound sleep; the sitters evidently re- garding the trance business as a matter of course, and made no comments. This concluded the main business of the gathering, and the lights were then turned up. One visitor as he walked out was heard to say, with a laugh, that he would require more satisfactory proof before he believed in spiritualism in any shape or form. 