TREABSURE BEAUH, A BUCCANEER SEORY. COxOLWDED. IV.--Monr TREtctcERn. The two captains being once more in the same vessel it was mutually agreed- that, until another suitable ship was come aorosn, they should resume theirold relations. Cseear accordingly resumed his position of lieutenant with one reservation. This was, that he should continue to share equally with Flood in all plunder. The amount of treasure accumulated by the pair was now considerable. Always dreading treachery, not only from their men, but also from each other, is- was deemed desirable that some more secure place than the ship should be found for their: ill gotten gains. A hiding-place on shore was, therefore, sought out, and a fovorable op portunity awaited for the roeeoval on shore of the most valuable and portsbleportionof One cmonlight night, whe?.tho crew were all below, busily occupied in their onetomary work of gaming and drinking,the soheme was carried out. As usual when at anchor, no watch was kept, and Flood had taken the precaution of serving out an extra quantity of rum that night. About. uditheh all the crew were either dead drunk or eo far gone as to be totally incapacitated from any active in terference with the projecc. Cicaar crept forward and viewed the scenc below, through the open hatchway,'wish satisfaction. All of the men were fast asleep, ocoept a half-dozen or so, who still sat round the table in a maudlin condition with half-closed eyes. 'There was no fear of any interruption from them, and he at once returned aft and joined Flood in the cabin. "Well," queried the latter, "ii all safe?" "Perfectly," answered Ct~rar: "the brutesa're nearly all dead drunk, and not one of them could crawl on deck to nave his life." " Thou the sooner we get our little job done the better," said Flood, rising. " You go on deck and get the skiff alongside; I'll see about getting the 'swag' up." The powder magazine opened off the cabin, and Flood unlocked the door and went in with a lantern in his hand. Flasks and kegs of gunpowder were ranged round. Picltin' his way through those, he opened a trap-door in the floor at the far end and disclosed a low chamber underneath. Ctcsar meantime went on deck, and after drawing the small boat up close under the stern, he rejoined Flood below. A couple of strong wooden chests, clamped with iron at the corners, lay in the apartment beneath the magazine. One of these was quickly hauled up and carried on deck. With as little noise as possible it was then lowered on board the skiff, and the two men took their places beside it. The painter was then unloosed, and C;rsar taking the sculls pulled rapidly to the shore. Hero the box was put ashore and the boat hauled up a few yards on the sand. The spot selected for the reception of tihe treasure was at the cliffs on the east side of the bay. Taking the chest between them, the two pirates made for this spot without delay. There was no path, and the ground was rough and in some places overgrown with scrub, but in a short time the summit of the rook was reached. As we have already described, the cliff at this pointrises.abruptly from the sea. About 30ft from the top a ledge of rock runs along the face, on which a few bushes find a precarious roct-hold and existence. When the pirates had recovered their wind they carried their chest to the edge of the preci pice and then, fastening a rope to it, care fully lowered it till it rested on this ledge. The other.end of the rope w then hitched to a tree wl}ch grew near, any both men slid down to where the box was. The rope was then unfastened, and the box dragged to a part of the ledge where the bushes grew thickly. Parting these aside, a small opening was discovered in the face of the rock. Into this the chest was thrust, and although the opening was only a few feet in depth, there was ample room. A few pieces of roeck were piled in front, and whcnthe bushes sprang back into their natural position, the hiding-place was com pletely veiled. There was no way of reach. ing the ledge except by the means described, and nothing was there to show that human beings had ever been near the place. Their work completed, the two men pro. pared to re-ascend. Flood was first, and had hold of the. rope to draw himself up. Soddenly he turned to C osar, who stood close behind him, and exclaimed :- ' Halloa I what's up with the schooner ? Look at her quick !" CiOsar turned to look at the Mosquito, which was peacefully resting on the moonlit waters of the bay. As he did so, Flood, quick as lightning, swung himself up the cope; then, with one foot stayed against the cliff, he threw out the other, caught Coisar fairly between theshoulders and hurled him over the precipice. Itwas the work of a moment; but whether the result of a preconceived plan, or the impulse of a sudden, avaricious and murderous thought, can never be known. Flood paused till he heard the splash of his victim in the water below, and then hur riedly ascended the cliff. On the top lie lay down and looked over the edge for smne time. The bottom of the precipice was in deep shadow, and, seeing or hear ing nothing, he concluded his murderous work had been successful. Hurrying down to the beach he launched the skiff, and at once rowed off to the schooner. Fasteningthe boat alongside, Flood cautiously slipped down the cabin stair, tossed off a bumper of brandy, and sat down to think. After a little he got up and repaired to Cmesar's sleeping berth, where he found a cap beloncing to his late comrade and partner. With-this in his hand he went on deck. Listening at the fore-hatoh he found allquiet, and going to the side he' pitched the cap overboard. He saw it slowly drift astern, and then, running forward, he shouted down the hatohway to the sleeping crew : "Man overboard! \Vake up, there, you drunken swabs, and lend a band here ?" Three or four of the men had recovered sufficiently from the effects of their orgie to respond to his call, and staggered on deck in a half.dazed condition. "Look sharp," Flood cried; "Creear's got dronk and fallen overboard! Haul up the boat and get in, some ofyou." Three sailors ajumped into. the skiff and pushed off, Floodastanding o0 lie tcaffrail.to direct their movements.- : "There ieids'," he calledto 'them, pointing astern ; " there he is, just sinking for the third time ! Pull, you brutes, or you'll lose hium I" Theomen rowed as best they could in their still muddled state in the direction initicated, but, or course, saw no sign of their lieu tenant. The cap waspicked up and identified as Caesar's, and it was thereupon conolnded that the worthy had gone to the bottomt. Thus did Flood satisfactorily account to the crow for his lieutenant's disappearance. Next forenoon the Mosquito was gone, and the little bay once more deselted. V. -FI.osu Te-ariA-ED-" O'.sAtR 8 GHeOST." Tl'wo months have sped past, and we again find the pilot schooner snugly moored in her favorite place of retreat. During this period she had bOeen cruising about the lslands with indifferent success. Some small coasting craft had been overhauled and a plentiful supply of rum and other liquors procured, but no largeo or valuable prize had been come across. Plunder having become scarce, thle pirates gave vent to deep growls of discontent. They attributed the failure of the cruise to Flood's lack of enterprise, and the wantof Cosar's guiding hIand and coon ael. The captain's position was getting most prosarious and uncertain. He managed to keep the mnen quiet by liberal allowanoee.of rum, but there was no knowing when thley might break out in open mutiny. Discipline was a thing of the past; orders openly disregarded, and oeven at sea a haphazard state of affairs had latterly prevailed. Pirates are not different from others; so long as they obeyed .orders and had an efficient sommander in whom they thoroughly believed, things rubbed along pretty smoothly. This check once removed, however, and license became rampant, making it only a question of time for the in evitable oollapco andreckonig. Flood determined this should be his last visit to the bay in the Mosquito. His energies were now centred on scouring his ill-gotten wealth, and than leaving his' ship and its craw to their fate. His own share of the plunder was safely ashore, but SCesar's-the most valuable portion of which he had uncoremoniously appropriated-was still aboard the schooner. It was now his care to have it also securely ensconced in-the recess of the cliff. That once accomplished, it was his intention to again put to sea, and eitherrun the Mosquito ashore near a settle. ment or seize soine other favorable chance of quittinsr his nefarious occupation. The third night after the Mosouito's re turn Flood proceeded to get the treasure ashore. Once more after darkness ad - set in he rowed- ashore in .-the little skiff.' -This time .he had to content, himself :wirth. taking. the ,mo'st'"-valuble doins and' jewels, : the box beine'`tdoo weighty for·no o' person to parry any die tance alone. A small bag was all he could taoe with safety, and with this he quickly scaled the heightand ;lowered himself n to the shelf of rook. Here he found the chest and its contents untouched, and hastily adding his precious burthen to the heap, he again retired. Afew steps brought him to the spotat wanich hehad left the rope dangling from the summit. He at once prepared to ascend, but. to his consternation, the rope had dis appeared ! Casting a hurried glance up the cliff, he saw a man leaning over the edge, pulling it up bhand over hand. A loud impre cation escaped Flood's lips, a laugh of triumph and derision came su reply, the few remaining feet of rope were drawn up, and the man vanished. Flood at once concluded he had been followed from the ship by one of his crew. He was in a terrible fix. From his men he knew he would receive no mercy. Both his treasure and his life would be sacrificed to their feelings of greed and revenge. Again, the horrible thought struck him that it might be the intention of his follower to say nothing to the rest of the crew, but simply leave him to die a lingering death on the ledge. Either alternative was dreadful to contemplate, and throwing himself down on the widest part of the shelf of rook, he curied his folly for not taking better pre cautions to prevent his movements being known. Hero we leave him, meantime, and return on board the ilosquito, where another strange scene was being enacted. When Flood left the schooner he believed the men were all asleep, or in such an in toxicated condition as to be incapable of leaving the fore.cabin. On this particular nielit, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of being all drunk as usual, some twenty of the pirates found themselves still comparatively sober and the liquor all gone. This was a state of allairs they were not accustomed to, and calls at once arose for more drink. The captain, they believed, would have retired to rest by that time, but nevertheless theyresolved to rouse him up. More liquor was wanted, and more they would have. After some talk, three of the crew were selected to proceed to the cabin and procure more rum and brandy. The three chosen were Davis the boatswain, a burly Welsh man : Harley. the carpenter, a lanky Scotchman; and Schneider, a Dutch sea man. Crawling up the hatchway the three worthies staggered aft to the cabin stairs. Here they were surprised to see a light still burning, liut boldly descending the companion they pushed open the door and entered the cabin. A lighted lantern swung from the ceiling, but Flood was nowhere to be seen. They searohed.everywh-e're but, 6f coiurse, the captain could not be found;: li their muddled state, it took them some time to realise the truth; but when they did so they at once raised the alarm. All the other pirates who retained their senses and the use of their legs immediately flocked to the after. cabin. At first it was conjectured Flood must have fallen overboard and mot the same fate as Cossar. Soon, however, . the- boat was missed, and a cry arose that they had been abandoned. Everyone now rushed into Flood's cabin. Chests and lockers were broken open and ransacked. A plentiful supply of strong drink was obtained, and the pirates to the number of some twenty or thirty, made free with all they fancied. Some gathered round the table beneath the lantern, some sprawled on the lockers, others on the floor. Schneider, the Dutchman, being the soberest man in the company, acted as "master of the ceremories." He sat at the end of the table facing the cabin-door. Be. fore him was a eater-buoket, into which a dozen or two bottles of rum and brandy had been indiscriminately emptied. This mix ture he measured out freely in glasses, bowls, and pannikins to all who applied for it. Needless to say, he was kept well employed, and more than once more bottles were added to the contents. One by one the pirates dropped on the floor dead drunk. Some, half drunk, fought and cursed. Knives were drawn and pistols fired amidst blasphemous shouts and yells of fiendish laughter. Soon only about half a dozen of the wretabhes retained sufficient sense to be able to sit round the table. Schneider reared and yelled like a very demon, and was ably seconded in his efforts by Harley, Davis, and one or two others. Some, in a mandlin condition, shouted snatches of buconaneerin ditties of the gros. scat description. "Fill up aiain, boys," cried Schneider, struggling to his feet, " fill up to do brim. I viii give you a toast, and 1 viii shoot de man who does not drink it." So saying, he pulled out a pistol and laid it on the table in front of him. The pirates round the table at once eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. This exception was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on the table fast asleep. "Come, wake up, Pedro!" roared the Dutchman. "WAke up i No skulking here, I tell you ! "and he seized the noero by his shouk of woolly hair and raised his head. The black's eyes turned up with a ghastly glare, but on Sclhneider relaxing his grip his head at once sank down again. " Vat I" screamed the Dutchman, " you vil nottake your liquor, yon black tevil? By gar, but I will make you take it ! If you vil not talko it inside, don you shall haveit out !"' " " :Vith'those -words the drunken villain plunged his pnimnikin into, the bucket of liquor, filled it to the brim, and emptied the contents over the negro's head. Theliquor saturated his curly- hajr, and ran in streams down his neck and f~ce. The Dutchman's joke was received/with shrieks of laughter and-wild applaune. Pedro, however, was too far gone, and laiy perfectly still in his drunken etnpcr. I "Now, " said Schneider, refilling his mug, "ve vill have our toast, boys. Here's to the Aisequito and her new captain, whoever he may be, ansi speedy deatt to Flood, the traitor! Up, boys, up ! and altogether. H-ip, hip, hur--" the cheer died away on his hlips, his face blanched, and with staring eyes rivetedl on the doorway, he stammered out in a hloprsa Se Seo i! my Gott, Caesar's ghost i" The pirates instinotively turned, end there, oti~eonough, haggard and wan, but gazing sternly upon the horrible sone, was the irure of their late lieutenant. 'Davia, the Welsh boatswain, sat next to Schneider, and was the flrat to regain his composure. "Ghost or demon I " he cried, "I'll try him with a bullot I'' and seizing hold of the Dutchman's pistol, which still lay on the table, he levelled it at the figure mn the door way. As he did so the figure hold up his hand as if about to speak, and at theb same time ScBohneiolder threw up the boatswain's arm. Crack went the pistol, but the aim was spoiled. The bullet crashed through the lantern which hung above the table. The cord was out and down it rattled. Whou it atruck the boata it burat open, atd out flew the blazingwick. In aninstanta lurid light illuminated thecabin; a yell, as if from the throats of a hundred demons, rang through the room, and'edro, the negro, sprang to his feet, his brandy-saturated head in one ter rifle blaza ! Now took place ascene which -balles de*cription. From end to end of the cabin the black careered, overturning tables, seats, and the drunken pirates in his desperation. At last he stumbled over a fallen bench, plunged head-foremost against the magazine door, and the next moment, rolled with his blazing head right in among.t the flasks and kegse of powder ! U;,sar (for it was the lieutenant still in the flesh) sprang up the cabin stairs and rushed to the side. Without a moment's hesitation he dashed overboard, and as he did so a terrifl report rang in his ears; the deck of the schooner burst asunder ; an immense volume of flame shot up to the sky, and the sea around was in an instant churned into foam by a shower of burning timber, shattered masts and broken planks, mingled with: which were the charred and battered fragments of the Mosquito's lawless crew. ,Csar caught hold of a plank and gated tround'htm, the.only living Rtni on the Jaeoeol' the sea'i At length he reached the shore and oraiwled up on the beach as the first streaks of dawn gilded the eastern sky. VI.-THE SECI:RET OF "Tn.ASURE BEACH." We' will now return to Captain Flood. The pirate impatiently awaited the break of day in the vain hope that hs might then find some way out of his awful dilemma. As he'sat on the rocky ledge he was witness to the blowing up of the Mosquito, but, of course, entirely at a loss to account for the catastrophe. -What his fate was to be he could not tell. The destruction of the schooner made things worse. For even though he managed to find a way either up or down the cliff in safety, his retreat from the bay ws.s out off. Shortly after sunrise he was aroused by a hoarse chuckle from above. Springing to his feet he eagerly gazed upwards, and saw a man's head and shoulders leaning over the preci pice. "Who's there ?" he demanded, as the face being partly shaded he did not at first recognise it. " tlo,ho !" came from above, " do you not know me, partner ?" As the man spoke he turned, and Flood, to his consternation, recognised his intended victim-Cresar ! "C ewar I" he exclaimed, "is it you? Alive !" "Aye, still alive, murderer," answered the lieutenant, grimly; " still alive, Flood, and ready for vengeance. You thought you had sent me to Davy Jones, but your murderous work failed, and here I am to square our reckoning." Flood considered a moment. "Cwsar," he said, "I look for no mercy fromyou, and I asknone. But as you're a brave man give me a chance. Let me up and. we'll fight it out fair and square." A peal of derisive laughter was the. reply. rHa, ha, ha I 'Fair antid quare,' that sounds welt from you, Flood. But nevrr fear :it'll be all 'fair and square' imme diately !" Flooed tried argument and entreaty in vain. Cresar merely laughed at him. "Well, then," asked Flood, in desperation, "what do you mean to do with me ? Will youleaveme to starve here?"' "Perhans I may," replied the lieutenant, "but when you're tired of your quarters, you know what to do. If you can't get up, the road down iseasy. It's only one step to the bottom I But meantime I've a little job for you. Haul out the box." This Flood with some difficulty did, but could not with safety drag it along the ledge alone. Seeing this, Cuesar detached the rope from the tree and carried it along immedia, ately above where the ohiestlay. Tfhere wae no tree there'to which to fisten it, so, to save any ehbnco of it slipping over, he gave it a turn round his arm and threw the other end down to Flood. The latter was then told to fasten it to the chest, and Crsar began to haul it up. It was slow work, for he was terribly weakened by his hardships. As he strained at the rope he drew farther back from the edge, and when the box was on a level with Flood's head he became lost to the viewof the latter. Flood at once saw his chance, and spring ing up, caught the rope with both hands and swarmed up the face of the rook. The jerk and extra weight pulled Oeusar to his knees, and in his weak condition it was all he could do to save himself from being dragged over. He could not even let the rope go, as it was firmly twisted round his arm. When within reach of the summit, Flood, who was unaware of the rope's being merely thus fastened, drew a knife from his belt, and, quickly striking upwards, plunged it into the lieutenant's throat. This one blow sealed both their fates. It was'almost instantaneously fatal to Ctesar; his grasp relaxed, and the next moment he rolled over the edge. Down went the two pirates together. The chest of treasure reested on the shelf, but the two men merely grazed the edge and plunged into the abyss balow. In his desnair, Flood clung like grim death to thih dead body of Caesar. When they had fallen the length of the rope they were brou?ht up with a jerk which nearly shook Flood off. The chest remained firm, however, and its weight kept them dangling in mid - air. Then com menced a terrible fight ior life. Flood made a desperate effort to ascend the rope and regain the ledge. Hand over hand he strugiled upwards, the body of his late comradeswingingby the one arm beneath. But the more Flood desperately mounted the rope the more he hastened his certain fate. Every pull at the rope drew the box nearer and nearer to the verge. A few feet separated the pirate from the ledge, when, to his horror, the chest appeared. One desperate spring Flood made for life, and, as he wildly clutched at the beetling cliff the chest toppled over. ]Lalf-way down a point of rook protruded. Head-foremost on to this the pirate fell, seattering his brains around. Crash came the chest an instant after ; the lid flew open and, as the dead pirates sank in the watery depths beneath, they were accompaniedto their last reating-place by a shower of treasure I Such is the origin of " Treasure Beach." -" Strand Magazine." 