Poets of Christmas. The Cliristmas thoughts and fanoios of our greatest poets would form a notaklo and voluminous collootion (remarks (in English paper) if oven a Selection of tbo best of tbom wore gathered togotlior. Thoy would include dovout aspirations, songs of praise, and didactic appeals j stofios of pageantry and merry-makings, and desoi-iptioiis of great festivals mid domestio joys. It would liavo boon strango indcod if tlio English pootrv, wliioh in tlio succobsivo centuries lias boon ut onco most- in harmony with tlio national feeling and thought,, and most bucpcoh£u1 in dii-ooting nnd appealing to tho imtiomil nspii-a- t.ions, lmdnotbooiinbimdantin-its l-oforonoes to Alio grout ovont oelebratod at Christniustido and to tlio festivals of tbo season. Wo know that tbo English kopb Christmas in tho early thitos of tlio convorsion of tlio people, and no liuliduy south of tho Twood lms bcon so goncrnlly kopt for so long a period. In tho early pussion playH nnd miruolc plays Wo may loam somothing of tho munnor in wliioh onr forefathers kopt thoir Cliristmas, and wo havo been a carol-singing pcoplo for moro than n thousand years, and mummings und maskingB at Christmas foasts woro common all ovor tlio land long bofore Bon Jonson mado ono. of tho> oliarootors in his "Muequo of Christmas '' sing:— Now with their ihtorit , With all the appurtonances A right Ohristmns, its of old it was ' To ho gatherod out of tho dances. Tlio associations of Christmas are, in foot, ofton uuoonsoiously mingled mthZ traditions of formor oonturies, and as wis. got within tho sphere of. tho season and.takp part 'in- its tiiuo-lionoui-od festivities, wo muy-. spmotimos . imagino . our- :solvcs joined by symputhotio links with the aspirations and lifo of bygono generations. Of its kind, there is nothing in our literature superior to tho well-known description of Christmas Evo iii' Tonnyson'B "In Memo- rinm" :— - , ' ' Tho timo draws near tho birth of. Christ ; Tho moon is hid— thb night is still : \- Thb Christmas bells from hill-to hill Answer eaoh ofchor in the mist. ' Four voioes of tho hamlofs round, From far arid near, on inead and moor, tiwoll out and fail) as if a door \- Wero shut botweeu mo and tho' Bound. , Eaob voibe four ohanges Of tho wind, That now diiato and now ddorbase, Fohco and good will, goodwill nnd peace, ' Boaob arid goodwill to all mankind. Bat tlioy ray troubled spirit rulo. For thoy oontroll'd mo whou a boy ; . Thoy bring me.sorrow touoh'd with joy, Tlio morry, merry bells of Yulb. How aptly. descriptive is tho phrnso 'sorrow touoliod With joy 1" ' Does not tho musio of tlio bells bring to all of lis— either that or " joy touched with sorrow f" At a later Christians tho poet wroto :— ' > ' Again nt Christmas did/wo wedvo Tho holly, roiind tho Ohr istmas hearth ; Tlio silent snow possessed tlio earth, Arid calmly fell our Christmas Eve. ' Tlio famous' "Ring-out, Wild hells, to tbo wild sky" is too well known for quotation to bo uooessary ; but thoso tiro riot thb only evidenoes afforded by "In MoiUorisrii " of the faot that, ovon in his deepest griof, tho associations of Christmas, and oven its pnsthnos, influenced, his thoughts and inspired his song. Wo might quote othor references to the season in Lord Tonnyson'b poems ; but if wo attempted to- oxkaust them we Should have no ripaeo for oxtraots from other pobts, and wo will content ourselves by reminding our readers that tho " Morto d' Arthur " wus first road "At Franois Allen's on the Christmas Eve." Browning's " Ohristmafi Eire and Easter Day " is quo of his noblest . poeins, but' its de scriptions aronot typical of . tho ideal Christmas season. Wordsworth's poem oti - Christmas Evo requires na introduction ; but pro oan only giyo tho opening verses :— The minstrols played their Christmas tune . To-niglit beneath my cottage oaves; - WliUo smitten.by a lofty moon The enolrollng laurels, thiok with loavos, Gave book a. rich arid dazriing sheen, That overpowered their natural greou. . Through hill and vulloy, evory broozo Had sunk torost with, golden wings ; . Heon was thb air, but could not freezb Nor ohook the muslp of thb strings So sterit and hardy Woro the band That soraped the chords with strenuous hands. " And who but listened P till was paid ; - BwpuC. to umjr liluiaw'ri .ululllk ; . The groeting givon, the musio piayqd In honoar of eaoli housohold name, ' Duly pronouuood with lusty call, And " Merry Ohristmas " wishes to all. Wo enn only find Bphoe for two' vorsos of Coleridge's " Christmas Carol " . /., Thb shephoi-ds wont thoir hasty way, And fouud.their lowly stable Shed, Whero tho Virgin Motliorlay : Arid now thoy cheeked thoir cagor tread,. For to tho Babe, that at her bosbin olurig, A mother's song thb Virgin Mother sung. They toldhor how aglbribttS light, A ' ' '' ..Stieaming from. a hoaVbfiiy throng, . . . Around tliorti shone— suspending night ! While, sweeter than a'lriothor's song, Blest qrigels hordldod tlio Saviouris birth : Glory to God on liigh! and peabq onbarth. Wo are oomnelled to hurry, haokwards at - n - rapid rato, aria Pope shall bo our noxt author. . No survey of the pootry of Ohristmas would he. ebmplqto Whioh .mode no reforeuoo , to his. "Eologuo," . whioh Dr. Johnson translated into Latin as a college exoroise. Tho. poem, was , avowedly . ... an imitation of -Virgil's "Folllo.'' A few couplets will rocall it-to tho studbntsof Pbpo : — -A. Yb Nymphs of Solyiba ! Bsgin tho sorig To heavonly theiriOfi sbblitner strdiris bolong! - , Hark a glad voice tlio lonely desort chcoi-s, .Froparo thb way.i a God, a God appears I ' ' A God ha God i tho vooal hills reply,. . . A , The rooks prooiahn th' aj'pi-oaoliing Deity I . ' '' Milton was only h very yoring m")i when ho ivrbto his, " Hymn on tho Nativity;'! and tho rioom displays nbtable traces of tlio nondemioin- ifiuened which still to eoirie bxtoiit f ottered hiin. Tho Struotui-o of tho hymn; indeed, '. inQlitdes mythologioal materials, and somo "of . Its ' flridst Statizas'aro thoBO which desoriho the fall of tho bid dottics of Groeob and ' Eoino at thb sbririd of the heavenly imisio whtbh proolaimed tho birth of the Saviour. : Tlio poom eohtains many, fiqe linos nnd muoli' noblo, imagery, hut moro .than once tlio bordor lino Of tho sublimo Is neurly ovotstopped. Wb baij only quota oiib Vorso of tho intrbdriotioni : \ / Seo how from fur upon the eastern road . . Tlio . stor-lod Wizards . hasto ' with bours siveot! . ; ' './'A',. A A' Z:v''": Oh 1 run ; prbsont them with/thy humble ode, And lay it lowly, at liis blessed foot. . > Strive thou tlio; honour '/first thyLoi-d to '.greet, . ... VAA'.v.l.AA.jiA. !//;.; ,/--s" And join thy voico unto the Angel Quiro, Iti-om out Iris Beoi-ot .altar. touohod witl li al lowed. fire. i, . ) , Tlio musio; " suoh- musio (as ho Said) , before was novor made," is desoribed; and the oi-ystttK spheros. aro invbked to' iAako up with .'thoir- tunoful bavmony tho full' consort to thb, heavonly symphony." . A A / . - . Tho Oroolos aro dumb, . No Voiob or lildetmshum ' i' -A. !>: Runs through i tho arched -;.rbof- in wbi'db de ceiving. A , ', .... ; Apollo from his shtino Oan no moro divino With hollow sliriolc tho Bleep of Dolphos tearing, ' ; A- > . No nightly tranbo or breathed spoil; A- " : Inspiroa tho pnlo-oyoil -priost - from the -pyo- phetio oolf. ' Rflferririg to tho dread Osiris arid his Egyptian prlosts tho hymn goes on : — Ho'feols from Judii's land a /'. 'Tlio71roaded:Infant'B band ; a- ' .Tho rays of-Bothlohem blind his.dusky eyes; - Nor all tho gods besido . Longer daro libido ; Not Typliori liugo, ending ill snaky twlrio. ' ' Onr JBabo to sliow his Godhead trilo Can in his swilddling bands control tliolamned orqw. So when tho sun in bed, - , . / : . ! Curtained with cloudy rod,. ' .,/ - ' , Pillows hisohin upon iin. oriorit wavo ! , The flocking sliadows palo , : Troop to tho irifofnal jail ; , , .A' ' Eacli fotterad ghost slips to bis sovoral gnive, And tho yoliow-Bkirtod fays'; '. " Fly after night-stoeds, leaving thoir, moon- lovedmuzo. Horriok's Christmas song ought, not. to bo omitted. Tins popular poet 'banded down.tho traditions and stylo of the Elisabothan days to tho reigns of tlio Stuarts. Ho. was a Lon doner, born in- 1591, and"wa8 presented to a Dovonshiro living bofore thbtroublod times be gun.;- Ho was ojeotod from his living for his loyalty to Hing Oharlos, but roturhedtoitafter tho Restoration, though ho was a true Cockney, nnd thought Devonshire dull. ' A' V Como, .bring with a noise, My merry,- merry boys, Tho Christmas log to tho firing, 'Whilo my good damp alio A Bids j-o nil bo free, i .. A, And drink to your hoUrts' dcsiriiig, A -A- .: ... With tko last jroar's brand ' ' Light the now. blook, Ifiirid . A: '.For good success in' his" spending, ./ . A . On yoiri psalterios play, . . ' Tiiht sweet liiok may. ; ' . ' Como wliilo tbo log is a-teendirig! A Drink now thb strorig boor; : ; Out tlio white loaf here, / Tlio whilo tho irioat is a-shrodding, For tbo raro mirioopios To fill tho astb that's a-nOoding. ' \- . Goorgo Wither, wus one of Horriok's- con temporaries, butbe took the: popular - side he. Sold his patomal estato, in faot raisod a troop) of horse for tho Parliament, and took an aotive part in the military operations. Ho was onco takon prisoner by tlio Royalists, and his lifo was in 'dangor, but Donhain interfered; and said ha hoped tho prisoner woiild be pardoned for the sako of the petitioner's own reputation, for so long qB Wither livod, ho 'added, no one could call Donham the worst poet in England. : But Wither was not to ho despised as a poet, and he will always bo roftiomborod if by nothing but his " Shall I, wasting in despair?" And the poets of his century havo loft us folv suoh pictures0 of English life as his' versos on Christ mas,' whioh .were not written, it is noodlossto say, when thoir author was under Puritan in- . fluonces. Wo regret that the pbom is too long to bo given iu itfr entirety. ' So now is'como oiir joyful'st feast. Let every man be jolly ;. Each room with ivy loavoB is drcst, , And every post with holly. Though some churls at our mirtii repino, Round your foreheads garlands twino, Drown sorrow iri a oup of wine,' 1 And lot us all bo inoiry. Now, ull our neighbours' ohimuoys smoko, And Christinas blocks nro burning ; Their ovous thoy. with baked meat choke, And all their spits aro turning. Without tho door lot sorrow lio ; And if for cold it bap to die, Wo'll bury it in a Christmas pio, And evermore ho morry. Now 'ovory lad is wondrous trim, And no man minds his labour ; Our lassos havo provided thom A bagpipe arid u tabor ; ' Young men und maids, aud girls arid boys Givo lifo to one anothor's joys ; And you auon sliull, by their uolso, Poraoivo that thoy aro merry. Though others' pursos be moro fut, Why should wo pino or gyievo .that P. , \- Hung.soi-row ! ' Caro will kill a crib ; And therefore let's bo merry. Goorgo Herbert, tho gontlo and tbo good, holds a uniquo place in the ranks of English poets, arid bis memory is perhaps1 ohorlshod all tho moro tondorly bocitnso of tho doligbtful .biogrgpliy by Izimk Walton. Tho opening vorscs of his Ohristmas poem aro ulmost as oharaotoristie as anything in " Tlio Tomplo," and thoy may appropriately bo given hero :— All after ploasurbs as I rid ono day, My hordo und I, both tir'd bodio and mindo, .With full cry of uffeetions quite astray-; I took up in tho noxt inne I could find. There when I came whom found I but , my . . denro, My dearest Lord, oxpeoting till tho griof Of pleasures brought mo to him; rendio tberq To bo oil passengers' moBt swoqt relief? O thou whosu glorious/ yet oontriiotod light, Wrapt in night's mant, lb stolo into ft manger ; Since my dark Soul and brutish is thy right To Man of all beasts ha thou not a stranger, Furnish and doak my soul, that thou mayest \- havo , A hotter lodging, than si raok or gravo. . Wo might easily oxtond our oxploratipns in tho woods arid pastures of pootry hi scuroh of sprigs of Ohristmas. . 