LOOKING BACKWARD pic! of. Vterla during 1et-The P-Ptisal., onettry,soclal,Commerelal and Itdutrilal Happenings of the past Year The Progress of Mining, Agrlculture. Pastoral Pursuits and Manufactures Chits with the Representatives o1 Australla'a Staple Pursulta--"Agrleola" On" New Methods of Farming - The "Economist" argues on the Finansial COndition the Province-- The Record of the Morgue. (Copy?igh-T~s Fdnera Associaloof'ol yorwnalisrs. T~-year 1893 has undoubtedly proved tothe pessimist much that his carping soul delights In, for. in good truth little has obtained townrds the improvement or extrication from the 'ilough of despondency and consequent depression with which it was ushered in. Revelations of fraud, chicanery, in rotten commercial and financial institutions have been-common, and the pens of the diurnal and hebdomadal scribes have been pushed along at -high-pressure speed in their efforts to record the- rotteness of those institutions in which thousands had trusted. Commercial oid, nsstjn ously advised their friends ysh.and-sn. h a bank would be the next tg;iii'd th' prognosticatior. unfortu nately, proved . my too true. The "busy haunts of men" were peopled with victims of the financial crisis, and deluded or dilatory shareholders were met with anxious faces hurrying along to the banks they were interehted in to find the doors closed. Th& torrent zf indignation became turgid, public meeting were held, affairs discussed, depositors and shareholders, in many instances, were bewildered by the array of figures presented to them either upon printed sheets or delivered'ore rotundo. But dissatis faction was paramount. Accountants of long.standing and experience were called upon to explain their views of the situation, and chaos almost came again at least so far as mathematical questions were concerned. Persons in high places were openly accused of:fraud, arrests followed, preliminary hear ing, trials (the latter in some cases bringing the fradulent delinquents to terms of im prisonment), whilst in' other instances, the law's delay was decidedly conspicuous, and it was not until after protracted Police Court proceedings that anything approaching the functions of magisterial ruling was correctly arrived at. It yet remains to be decided by the higher authorities -what course justice will take in her endeavours to sheet home fraud and corruption to those directly accused. Ilt is still a matter of wonder that many directors immediately con. concerned in the working of the several banks which collapsed are not placed upon their trial to account for their stewardship. Why in their position of trust, direction and responsibility, were they not seized of the fact of their individisal banks being in an unsound condition, and above the Plimsoll mark, so to speak, of safety and solvency. The scheme of re-construction was flaunted S.n the eyes of the deluded depositors, many I of whom did not know the meaning of the term so much so that when the banks re opened their doors the ignorant ones stormed 1 the managers' offices, and implored, with all the persuasive eloquence at their command, for an instant return of their moneys 01 O course their requests were not acceded to, and they withdrew invoking cengeance and anathematising the authors of their undoing. Agd'they were by no means to blame. There were ,:any shareholders and favored depositors who-had received large overdrafts and thereby depleted the coffers olfcapitals r"?ch should haverermained almost intact to \- ennrzutece ?t ty of the several banks they Sir y Hoodwink,' the Hon. rrdlem Takedown; 7firowsby Dustineyes, ,."sq , and. others of their ilk, appeared in -irctanrs, advertisements, balance- sheets and prasi reports as chairman and members of thc boards of directors and shareholders, and t the muttons represented by the public srwallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to f them.. At last the supply gave out through the inquisitiveness and dubiety of the English shareholders, and a very bad attack of com. mercial indigestion was the result. Matters having reached a critical point political influence, with the sanction of the Acting Governor, intervened, and on Sunday, 30th April, a Goerrnment Garrftt was issued, pro claiming fivedays' holiday for the banks with the view of allaying the public panic. This -action on the part of the Government was diversely criticised during the following day, tst May, and there occurred some exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in the history of the Australias. The suspended and re.coustructing banks at this time were the'- English, Scottish ahd Australian Chartered, The London Chartered, The Standard and National were partially open for the receipt of money and trust accounts. The Commercial was to have re-opened but remained closed-in obedience to the Govern meist proclamation. Of the six remaining banks of issue, four, viz., The Bank of New South Wales, the Victoria, the City and Colonial also acted in accordance with the Government notification and remain closed. The Bank of Australasia and the Union Bank, however, apparently opposed the edict and opened transactions in all business that was. legally possible. On the Tuesday follqwing the Bank of New South Wales followed suit, and on the Wednesday the Colonial Bank and the City Bank collapsed, followed on the gth by the Bank of Victria after forty years' business. The City Bank put off the imminent day till the sath, when its doors were closed, aind at the end of January the Federal Bank joined the throng. The English press had likewise condemned the action of the Victorian was eampant among all those emmeshed in the financial net. The only allurement held out was t promise to pay in five years' time, when aore than probably the only result will be aLoigge smash than that, just eperienced. -We tlre Spluti in rd ifwh rn into the chief cause of the- re.r's dire depression, without .oeard to aict chronological order in the S nIJtion o matter from the commencement off 83- On the 4th of April the Com mercal Bank suspended payment, on the teth the English, Scottish and Australian vChartered Bank succumbed, and on the mSth the London Chartered Bank gave up the g_? ghost; the Standard, which in i8g9 had been \- forced to accept the inevitable, was'drivep to the same exteemity on the a8th of April of this year; and'the following day saw the suspension of the National Bponk. s Leavisg suspended banks to revert to tbr financial institutions it is refreshing to ',AfieKc that Colonial Life Assurance Societies \- t acdvancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the confidence of the community. .LErtainly large bonuses are an alluring i oc- iet ?-" have carefully considered the -_,vatfages of an acumulated honus scheme _i.ti jolicy .holders, fair pras? . st be ' -orded'to them. Premising that death should -ocaur within twenty-five years of date of assurace,- if the -premiums are paid up, the sum issurd in in addition returned and the new pension scheme is view of.the srrcay of hankl suspensions we quoted and tlis r se=trospe, spould absolutely . itself to the coan- deration_ cmlmenhd'w? " . 9: falling upon them. 'In short there is no la poilble asurance but mutual assurance, and ME the best of mutual a'suranoe is with those an( companies whose assets are on the spot. The Prc Mutual of Victoria which has evidently pro. del fited by the dl-astrous expericnce of fallen me financial institutions and bettered the instruc thi tion by evolving safe and secure advantages for all annuitants. Its management is *in C the know," concerning Australian monetary val matters far more so than any foreign me Assurance Society officers, hence; there can be bel no two opinions concerning the choice of loi Institution with which to transact Life Mi Assurance. This particular society on its pi last annual distribution of bonuses did so inE from a fund of over £1,000,000, the cash Ge value of which exceeded £500,000. In the eve preceding year, 1892, 12,585 new policies col were issued for aonurances, amounting to bci £3,791,221, the new annual income from sar premiums being £126,014. The funds now me amount to £11.328,448. 301 And passing from Life Assurance to we death, which is not an abrupt transition. act the opening of the new year was marked by we the decease of the Chief Justice of Victoria, act Mr. Geo. Higinbotham, who had expired on qu the last day of the old year. In life he had tul been a consistent and uncompromising in democrat.. e bad lived for forty years in me Victoria, and during an active and busy an feral, political, and journalistlic career, the for only reward for public duties performed he thi locked for was from the people. Be declined kpighthood, but he received with undisguised no appreciation the'vote of thanks tendered by jun Parliament for the stupendous task hehad Li performed. that of consolidating the Victorian gel Statates. Be died of heart disease, brought to on by overwork, at the age of 66. According ab to his express wishes enjoDned during the last ciE ten yiars of his life he was to be buried cec privately, which act was performed much to tio the disappointment of the whole community, of by whom he wes revered and loved for his Bp amiability, devotion to duty, and his con p, sci ntious adherence to principles he thought col just and right. Continuing the obituary E record for the year, it may be recorded that ie on the 17th of January, Dr. Thos. Embling, tai Member Lgislative Council, departed this an life. He had been an early advocate for the wi Eight Hour movement, the Lands' Transfer -fo Act, and also protective duties. By cable tr from England it was learnt that James lt McCulloch, who had once been a most power. 1 ful political factor in Victoria had died on the do 31st January, at Ewell, Srry, in his seventy- ph fourth year. He was Premier of the colony al on four different occasions. In March, Matthew Lang, ex-mayor of Melbourne, who had filled the mayoral chair for three p successive years died. E. L. Steinfeld, c M.L.C., died at Adelaide, S.A., on Sunday re morning, 16th April. In the following month A' David Robert Wyllie, member for North to Melbourne, in the Legislative Assembly, and Labour Party advocate, died of syncope of the cat heart, enpervining an attack of paralysis, at bu the early age of 36. Win. Pearion, M.I..C., the for the Eastern Province, died 10th August. an The probate duty paid in this estate added Sts largely to the public revenue. The property No detailed in the lategentleman's will and liable P." to the payment of duty, was sworn at pse £205,613, upon which £20,661 was paid as clt duty. Furthermore the property comprifed pri in settlements liable to duty, was stated at fon £42,176, upon which £1900 was paid. The use duty paid in all totalled £22,551. Among al the real estate was Kilmcny Park, the well.de known sheep station, near Rosedale. James' an Campbell, Minister of Public Instruction and up Commissioner of Customs, died on Saturday, poc IAth September, of cancer, alter many week's thr of terrible suffering. The Government bee officee were closed at noon on the 18th inst. has as a token of respect, for the deceased. At the Bendigo on the riim day another veteran fon Parliamentarian r''ýert Burrowes, M.L.A., wil passed away. 'i. il .been elected altogether cns eleven times,-' r hi Parliamentary ex- ing perilnce extend ..,r twenty-seven years. cali On Tuesd.,y, 76d OiCtheer, Robert E. Wallan, and land, N.Z., of paralysis. Another well- ,s' known and esteemed colonist, the Revd. luri Plow Kane, whose Victorian career had been her honored and lengthy, died at Brighton, on ve, 1lth November. WoE Now once more pass we on to the affairs of [he the living. In January a successor to the to,; late George Higinbotham was looked about for, and it was thought that Justice Williams would be offered the appointment. However, the upshot of the matter was that Mr. Shiels, 0 the then Premier and Attorney-General, l together with his colleagues, invited Dr. Rai Madden to accept that office, which he did. lay Parliament alter a short Christmas vacation t re-assembled on 10th January, with* Mr. col Shiel's at the head of affairs. The political G barometer at about this time was pointing to h squally weather, and on the 17th, Mr. ,, Patterson, the present Premier, tabled a wa want of confidence motion. On the 18tth, h I Shiel's Government was defeated by forty-. five votes to forty-two, after a debate which was the shortest on record. On 20th January yea Mr. Patterson out of the material placd at his di-posal.furmed a Minislry which was constituted as follows :- J. B. Patterson, m Premier, Chief Secretary and Minister of du Bailways; G. D. Carter, Treasurer; Bryan r, O'Loghlen, Attorney-General; Mr. Ieaacs, hu Solicitor-General; Mr. M'Coll, Minister of I Mines and Water Supply; Mr. M']ntyre, ,U Lands, Mr. Campbell, Education and der Customs; Mr. Webb, Public Works and the Agriculture; Mr. R. Reid, Minister for bli Defences; Mr. A. Wynne, Postmaster- he General. On the let of February, Mr. Ai Patterson unfolded the Minis:erial pro gramme at . astlemalne, and met with a warm demonstration. On the 7th of February T Mr. Patterson was returned for Cast'emaine, having been opposed by Mr. Francis Long- , more. Mr. I atterson scored heavi'y, the tri voting majority being generally about two to to one. Parltament re.assembled on 14th Ftbruary. On the 16th a board of enquiry sat to try and discover the whereabouts of the vi mi'sing mace, which had been mysteriously w stolen from the Houses of Parliament. Their efforts were fruitless, however, and the to bauble still remains undiscovered. The board, at any rate, discovered where the mace hi had not teen, and a chorus of " our honor is vindicated," headed by Speaker Bent; arose, ; Parliament was prorogued on 3rd March by the Administrator of the Government, and a1 re-ope,.ed on 28th June, when the main at features presented were : thie Retrenchment t' 'Scheme, whereby the permanent expenditure of the province could Le reduced £800,000 or £00,000 a year; the policy of additional taxation to bring up the revenue at least of the next year level with that year's experdi- II tore; a scheme of land and village settlement p to provide adequately for the people getting c " back to the land," which belongs to them an3 how. The railway revenue for the d financial year up to 3rth June, 1893, was £2,933,412, and retrenchment caused a saving in the working expenses of about £300,010. 0 Ihe Treasurer's Budget Speech was read on a Wednesday, 19th July, and the method by which he proposed to make his revenue cover it expenditure in the balance-sheet was thus:- i -Estimated revenue, l893-94 ... 5 7w New taxation.. ....... ... 576,0o Estimated expenditure, i893-94 7.653.9s 3 Surplus on the year ... £.... g6,238 i In the merry monthof May, a political crisis a arose out of the Mercantile Bank prosecutions a Mr. Issacs, the Soelicitor-General, disagreed 1 with Boyan O'Loghlen'e verdict, as Attorney- a General, with regard to a nolle frosei. t Tbheo pshot was that Mr. Isascs retired from c the Cabinet. Later on he went before his t constituents at Beechworth, who received him t with acclamation, and he was returned unopposed to his seat in the Bouse. i It must not be forgotten during the month t on January Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon, chairmsn of the Metropolitan Board of Land and Works and itin rant versemaker, returned from t London, whither he bad voyaged o float a ] ·''· :- ~ ·..· ; loan of £2,000,000. Febriiyl rat MIr. James Munro, the late Agent-General for the colony, and a leading teerttaller and hoffe" palace promoter, filed his shedule, showing a deficiency of £50,100. Further retrench ment was started in the Pub'lio Service during this month. On 9th March, the Anglo-Australian Bank Criminals were found guilty and sentenced to various terms of imprisonment. In this month also the Mercantile Bank prosecutions began, and after protracted hearings at the lower courts, Matthew Davies and Frederick Millidge were committed for trial for con spiracy on Friday, 12th May. On the 27th inst. Matthew and Mrs. Davies sailed by the German mail steamer Salter for Columbo, but eventually he returned to the province in company with Detective Whitney, who had been sent on his tracks. On the 29th of the same month application for a Grand Jury was made and adjourned It was reviewed on the 30th and granted. Subsequently a true bill was found by the grand jury against the two accused, but when in August the proceedings were called on in the higher court, the accused were discharged, and the presentment quashed on the grounds that an alien consti tuted one of the grand jury, and as such was ineliible as a juror. Proceedings were com menced de novo in spite of legal blockaders, and the accused were once more committed for trial, which if all goes well will come on this year. The sweating evil was brought under the notice of the Premier by a large deputation juandes the auspices o( the Psoteetion and. Liberal Federal League who waiteif on that gentleman on 18th April. Their mission was to bring under his notice the existence of the above.named evil in factories. So far as the clothing trade is concerned this evil is toe cetain extent brought about by the restric. tions of ttie Factories' Act, which under one of its conditions provides for 550 cubic feet of space in each factory or workshop. Ibis has proved ruinous to small employers, and the consequence is that Jew sweaters who employ Europet labor, r. ceive the work from the limited tradesmen. The majority of master tailors have now only small rooms for they argue that they cannot or will not comply with the Act. The registration fee is saved "for one thing, and further those whom the trade dub "Inquisitive inspectors" are eluded. Then the masters do nQt care about taking on apprentices of either sex as a doctor's certificate is required as to their physiclal condition. The latter requirement also acte as a barrier to a poor man with several children whom he may be desirons of apprenticing, for each certificate costs half-a. crown. The sum may seem small, but it is required for actual necessaries. 'he inspectors are net stringent enough in their action towards employers in the matter of an allowance of a permit for overtime. This causes overcrowding in the workrooms at busy times. If the inspector does find fault then the employer discharges several hands and gives out the work to sweaters, and so the State unwittingly aids and abets the evil. Not long ago in one large leading firm the pressers were offered the privilege of working piecework for one busy week. Twenty per cent. was to be taken off their wages for this privilege, but the men didn't see it, for they found they could only have worked their usual quantum had they been on their weekly wage. It may be asked why the employers demanded the 20 per cent. concession. The answer is that the manager of the "making. up" department received a bonus, and pocket the sum he bled the workers of. But throughout the clothing trade business has been dull, and the houses in Flinders-lane have received a notification from home that bse credit system will in future be limited to four months only. Hence the warehousemen will have to take less credit and give less to customers. Under these circumstances sweat. ing is rampant. The shoddy importer and the calico jemmy in Victoria is 4aomed anyways and it is to be trusted that )is doom means ,thbobDn s thebmanufact of local fabrics, rade has shown signs ? improvement luring the latter part of the .year. In t893 :here were 2,242 factories, and taking the average for the year the number of employes would have fallen to nearly 40,000. In 1902 the figures were 2,443 factories empltyin 10,319 at an estimate. 