. PERSONAL. " Tlio Conservative polioy. Rcduoo overytMnz -except the deficiency, . , ' Mr. Phil. May will.pny Ids postponed visit, to . Australia next year, starting in April. Tho Americans nro olaiming the young prince who was born at White Lodgo tho other day, for they say he is a New Yorker. a i.ur < ao & celebrated character la r-?:!".' 'ough and devilish sly." Note tho bttio jugglery over tho election dates. Tho Treasurer publicly annonnoes that bo la anxious to rosigu his office. It is only tho other day he gave an authoritative denial to tho statement. With this Ministry nothing is cer tain but the contradicted. . To be or not to bo. An Income Tor. The Premier says Yes" 5 the Argus says "No"; yet both are supposed to be rowing in the samo boat. To prevent a capsizo the oountry bad bet ter turn them both out. Manrier eplsodo is not dead.' Mauricr has bson apprised of the fact that an aotion for libel is to be brought against him. Mr. Whistler would seem to be demo ralised by tho farthing which he won from Mr. Buskin.' Lady. Colin Campbell is to edit a new journal for working men,- the objeot of which is to teach- - them _ to : think, and to avoid tho fallacies of socialism. The first number,' to be ready shortly,' will have contributions by several emi- nent hands. 1 The many friends and admirers of the Aus tralian flautist,. Mr. J. Lemmone, who recently left for London, will ho glad to hear that he has boen well' reooived, and Ids playing lias caused quite a stir amongst the musical profession. ' Although Mr. Lsmmone arrived at tho fail end of.-the London season, ho lias boon engageil for several. "At hOmes"'in the West End. Lord Randolph Churchill is a victim of tho . morphine habit. For .the past two years liia lordship has been bravely battling with what he cslls his enemy. In his efforts to be rid of ft he has gone not only to Africa, but to Italy, to Spain, to Russia and to France. Failure mot him everywhere, and now he has gone, of all places in the world, to Oliioago, - - Kaiser Wllhclm's new song, the Chant k Asgir, which has already twice boen heard in publio in Gtrmany, is now in the bands of the engravers, and will he-issued early in October. Both words arid musio of this " lied " are from ' the Gorman Emperor's pen. Tlio profits on the sale of the song, if any, will go to the fund being raised for tho building of a ohurch in memory of the Kaiser Wilbelm I. Mr. J. Snoad Cox i» the editor of tho Tabid, tho English organ of ' Roman Catholicism. When this devout editor was presented to Pope Leo XIII. as the' ohief of a great Catholic paper, the Pontiff ..interrupted . the introdneer, and,' anxious to show how' tliorougly conversant he was witli British journalism, exclaimed, "II, Punch." Tho fact is that Punch is almost the only English paper known, oven by namo, to the Popo, and ho had heard that if was edited by one of his. very devoted sons. An extraordinary occurrence was witnessed' in the Thoatro Royal; Glasgow, whero Mndaina Sarah Bernhardt was appearing in La Damn anx Cornelias. In tho fourth act a man, ap parently a painter, stumbled upon the stage, and seizing Madame Bernhardt by theshouldere, sought to protect her, as he bolievod, from' her lover, Duval.' Madame Bernhardt was para lysed for the moment, but M. Daimont, who , was playing Duval, hustled the intruder into the wings, and the play was resumed. Miss Minua Fischer, Mr. Ilanry Stockweli, Mr. George' Cluts'am and Dir. J. Loi'nm'one; Australian artistes, gave a concort'recontiy at tho Gallery . OluV in Bond-streot, aud- were highly, complimented. .vTiio other. . night thess artistos, aooompa'nied by Madamo.Ainy Shorwih' " (who by the way has made qnito a hi t in London), . - performed at Bisloy. The Pall Malt Gazette. said it was the beat ooncert over given at Bisisy, arid spoko, of Mr.Xtmihone's flute playing as a .revelation. It added that both - be and Mr. Stockweli, a superb. tenor, would be heard of again. Lord' Coleridge, though one of the beat informed man of his time, was chiefly famoua for his want of knowledge of— Mies Connie Gil- ohrlst This ignorance, neither surprising nor unenviable, bns been aolemrily referred to by one of his biographers as " of course affooted." Of coursi it was nothing of tiro kind. He did not linger in Holy well-street, through whioh ha often passed on his nay from the courts, to . look nt photographs. . He was shortsighted ; and photographs did not interest him greatly. He was only photographed four or five times himself, and norer without a protest. Mr. Stopford Brooke, in a recent volume of criticism, aompiains that Tonnyaon puts the laying of tiie Ghost of the Brute !n men, and the millennium for whioh they are looking, in tho dim and distant future. " We are for from the noon of man, there is time for tlio race. to grow." "Tirao I" exoiaims Mr. Brooke im patiently, "when half the world and more are in torture," reminding us of that enthusiastio ' social reformer who axolaimed with equal im- pntienco and a half comio despair:— :"I am ill such a desperate hurry, and tlio wont of it it, : God is in no hurry at all I" Some years after the coup d'etat the ompcror, wishing to oonoiliato M. Lazare Hippolyta Car- not, wrote to him a flattering letter, in which lis offered to hava tho remains of his distinguished - father brought home-from Magdeburg to Paris, . far interment in the. oapital with publio honors. M, Carnot roplled that his father had lived to ' nerve tho French Republiri, and it waa certain ; he never would have, wished that his bones ' should be.brought back to hie country under tli« rule of the empire.. The. news of tbie .sturdy reply got into the journals, and M. Carnot'g nsmo and fame' were from' that time estab- ' lisbed. Whon a little boy, Sheridan le Fanu wrote an essay on the Life of Man, whioh ran as follows : —"A man's life naturally divides itself, into tlireo distinct parts— the first, when ho is plan ning and oontrlving all kinds of villainy and rascality. . That is the period of youth and in nocence. In tlio second, he is found putting in practice all tho villainy and rascality he has con trived. That . is the flower 0/ manhood and prime of life. The third and last period U that when lie is making his soul and prcparirig for another world. That is the period of dotage" Clearly, tlio infant cynic is not, after all, on invention of tile present day. An amusing incident oceurred during tho hearing of tho div'orco suit of Rogers v. Rogers (Miss Mlnrilo Palmer) and Rose. Mr. Inder- wick, Q.C., .wliri' appeared for the respondent, reel: some. 'evidriuoo taken on commission in America, an(l.csmo .soroBS. tlio statement that " the petitioner was at one timo managing "a . negro cake walk." " And pray what is a negro ' oako walk?'.' Asked. lLord Justice Lopee.' Mr. Iriderwick expressed. bin inability to give any ex. plnnatiori, rind'lhe other learned counsel in the ' case' were evidently iri a similar sta'to- of ignor ance, " Perhaps,!' remarked the judge; "Mrs. Rogers can inform .ris;" The lady thus appealed to rose up quietly from tlio well of the court and explained that a negro cake walk : was a walking 'rnoe' for negroes, the priza belng_a-. gigatitio oakr,' arid numbers of people.paid to eco-. the (uu. . ' ' . , 