THE OLD PIANO. BY Mas. M. L. BAYNE. It stood in the show window of a large music store on a much-frequented avenne and as its extreme old age and ugliness were accentuated by a price mark, some of the passers-by paused to inspect the vain able ruiu. " Papa, did they make ugly little frights of pianoB like that for people to play on ? r asked a happy child of her young father. " Not in my day, child," answered the father, gently amused. "Is that the thing my grandmother played when she was young ?" asked a graceless youngster of a white-haired man beside him. " Your grandmother was not born when that thing was made, boy," retorted the grandfather disdainfully. No one admired the ancient outlawed thing that was jeered Bt for its awkward ness, and it stood there alone of its kind stifE and cluniBy, showing through its cracked coat of veneer all the landmarks of time, the pitiful helplessness of age. Presently a quaint old woman with a basket on her arm hobbled up to the window. In earlier days sho had boen known as a " character," now she was shunned as a crank. Her dress—if sucb it could be called—wss the rags of a gentlewoman. Her face resembled those porcelain lamps in which a rose light burns. But her light had gone out, leaving an ash colour. When she saw the old piano with its yellow keys set far apart like the sentinel teeth of age, she clasped her shrivelled hands and gave a great cry. " Where did they find it ? and how dare they exhinit it here ? When I saw it last 'twas in grandfather's room with the tall clock and tho old harmonium. It was old old then. I used to play for the poor old man when I was home from school—that was before I ran away with handsome Harry. Ah, me, ah, me, there is something wrong here"—she tapped her head lightly—" it's %tll wrong—a mad woi my masters." Then shelaaghed shrilly, and the crowd cheered her good-humoredly. "It won't speak for you, but I can make it sing—listen!" she shrilled. The crowd made way for her to enter the store and the dealer, thinking to ad vertise his antique possession, helped the little old woman up into the window and seated her before the old piano as if she had been a prima donna. Selfishness, my brothers. It is at the root of many a kindly action in this world, bnt then " Tinkle-tinkle-tinkle. The sounds produced from those yellow keys were not as musical as a sheep bell's jangle, but the crowd langhed and cheered, and the fraii old fingers—It WBS said they had done the business for handsome Harry, bnt that was when she was mad—struck a chord, and " Auld Lang Syne" floated out in a weird melody that was fall of passion and pain, and the sobbing of tbe loneliness of life. Then a pauBe and the accustomed fingers struck an air of the past, and a mournfully sweet voice sung the words of an old love song: " Once you said you loved me dearly." Tbe people' whispered to each other that she had been a great musioian In her day and pressed forward to hear her and —no one smiled. "I'll buy that old piano," said a gruff voice, " it's got more music to the square inch than any of your new-fangled instruments—it's got a soul in it, so it has/' "Did they tell you I was false, Harry darling ?" She sang the old song tbrough, and broke off to give them " Bonaparte Cross ing the Alps." They could hear the very tramp of the martial feet as her fingers struck the loose keys that responded with their last thrill of harmony to her compelling touch. " It's a trick to sell the piano—the music-dealer stands in with her—but she and the old instrument are mates," B&id; a man in the crowd. " Aye," answered his friend ; " like those bird-whistles the street fakirs sell— no one ever can make such music out of them as those fellows do. It's one of the tricks of the trade." The eld woman turned a white, tired face on'them. " Ghosts, ghosts, all of ye ; but this is real," and she touched the ,keyB, that answered with a plaintive air. *' Mad," tbey whispered to each other. But the music she played held them spellbound. It was the cry of the homeless, the desolate, voiced like a prayer. Men took off their hats and bowed their heads ; women sobbed. The music became a chant—a requiem : " Thore'g no placo liko homo, There's no place like home, Home, sweet, sweet home." As the last note Jdied away, the singer laid hor head on the keys, and—did not lift it again. 4i This piano is sold," said the dealer, as he stepped to his show-window and dropped the curtain. Altmann & Co., Watchmakers, Manufacuring Jewellers and Engravers, of 118 Swanitreet, Richmond, having now thoroughly established themselves, through executing all orders in the beBt manner at moderate prices, beg to assure the public and friends that the same care and attention that had been bestowed in the past will be carried on in the future. Watches and Clocks, Jeweller- Orders and Jobbing, and all other work entrusted to their care executed in beBt styles 20 per cent, less than man Melbourne prices Gold and 8llve r Jewellery, etc., sold at fun- 20 per cent, leas than Melbonrn» -J l FacLry^lioyal UuTogBo"- - P ric « I Mslboarai^Acvx; ,-^e-Htrwt east I | 