"Can The Sea Give Up Its Dead ?" .. Told by an Ex-Detective. OHAPTERI. 203 OU.~OLO E120112 I0 that delightlnl suburb of London, Hampstead, dwelt Sir Charles Lester, a man not of great wealth for the position be hald by hia rank. Still. he was proud and haughty, and, to those who offended him, stern and Tllnorgsiing. The honus in which be lied was an old. .No.' " dear. benefactor " he cried, lahioned red briok one, surrounded with a high wall and fins old Irees, which shot ont the charming prospect of the country around. The windows were quaint, being formed ol little squares-for Sir Charles would have been horrfied at the idea of modernisiag the dearold place. He had for many years lived almost the life ofa hermit; even his own ze I lations were received with snoh ooldness that they alled as seldom as propriety would permit. To this quiet mansion I had been sum. moned, and then I fond Sir Charles ex tended upon a sofa bed, with a small table placed by his aide. On this table were fruits, a Bible, and a bottle of physic. "Be seated, Mr. Geval," said Sir Charles. U 'ay I offer you some refreshment ?" "No, thank you, Sir Charles ; bt, if yon please. we will to business. I always like to have thes fll particulars at once, and I would ask you not to keep any secret from me. Of curse, what you tell me will be in the strietest sonfldenae.' " Good I will endeavor to carry out your instructions. I may as well inform yo that this house has been said to be haunted ver asnce the days of Quean Anne. I did not believe it ; but now"- He paused, his face became pale, and his lips quivered. Then he added in a broken voies: S" Now Ielieve it." " Believe it, Sir Charles I". I eoxlaimed, in astonishment. "It would take a great deal to make me believe any house was hannted." ' "That may be. However, liaten. You must know that my estates were entailed, but my grandfther, wih thh conoent of my father and mysel,, oaut off the entail. The ressons for doing this were, firstly, heavy mortgages which bad been made to pay my grandfather's gambling debts-for we all preferred povrty to dishonor." " But, Sir Charles. you are not poor I" "Not aas an ordiury man," said Sir Charles, with prde; " bt for my position terribly so. Well, let that matter pass. I cams into the property, in due course of time, and set about restoring the family for tone. Foolish idea I I howed my know. ledge of the world by marryingfor love, a singer- beautifnlas an angel. Batno mattr; she died in giving birth to a child. Oh, how I loved that child I Perhaps I am to blame for what happened afterwards. Herbert grew up slf-willid, and-Hoaven forgive me or having to say it of my son I--dissolute toa degree. I argued with him-helaughed in my fase; I became stern-he replied in equal anger. I turned him from my doners and he fled to Anstralia. But a vengt anee more terrible than mine overtook him. Tue ship struck upon some rooks on the coast of Australia, and every soul on board perished. But time heals the deepest wonnd of the affections, and I forgot and forgave Helibert. I adopted a relation-a cousin only-who is now at college, and on him I have settled evarything-ay, even to my heart's love, and wall have I been repaid by his affection." S"Well, Sir Charles," I said, "il that is the anse. I trust you are at last happy." SI should have been," groaned the baro et. Then, after a pause, he added in an awestrnak whisper, "Can the sea give up its deadl" SThe intensity with which the question was put somewhat startled me. However, with an attempt at a smile, I gave him to under lstand that I was no believer in the super instnarL I He drew himself nearer to me, and aid, in a whisper : S"My n Haerbert, who was drowned at sea, haunts this housu. I-I have seen Aim." S"It must have been a delusion or a trick, my dear sir," I remarked. ' Neither," he said, arnostly. 'It was bih pirit. I had just awakened from alight done, when by the moonlight which came through that window I saw a shadow glide aross the room. I suffer from an aflfec tion on the spine, and can but move with slownes, and withthe greatest pain. How ever, with some difficulty I managed to raise myself on my elbow to watch the spectre's movements. It glided to yonder eacritoire -to open which you must touch a secret spring. This the apparition seemed to know, for it touched the spring, the aecret drawer few open, and the spirit took therefrom a certain document," "* *Are you certain, Sir Charles, you were not dreaming?" " I wa not dreaming," Mr. Gerval. "Oh, no I I called out. 'Who are you-what do yon want here ' The spectre turned its face towards me, and I aawby the pale light of the moon the features of my son. He gazed cor rowtully at me, and then vanished close by that old wardrobe." -1-,o."tAstartling story-f'-lrera kead-'Have you sBeen anything oince I"' '-' - OnOe-only once-and then it vanished in a moment." "You found the dooument all right?" ,' ~es; but it had been opened and ead." "And what was the nature o. the docu. meant?" I inquired. ywill. 'The will in which I leave all my property .to my adopted son-George standing. sinua that I have had the will r moved to an iron afe.,' : Andyon h'ave.not seen the ghost since?" Never. ;Bt :L bave known that it has 4eeo ne irm I htpve1 ardit." S'Heait'rl"' " - I "Yes. Hae I not told you that my wife was nignr.fr Well, she used to play the I harp admirably. . When she died I could not ib the sight of theinstrament, and had it movned to a room wheie, amongst old cabi nea and so forth, it has remained, in spite of my son's pleainog that it should be given to him-for he wse passionately fond of musis; but I could not bearany one to toaOh her harp, so it remained silent until"-here he paused, passed his hand quickly over his eyes. and groaned. Then, leaning over to wards me, he said, in a solemn whisper, "Until a few nights ago, when I heard that harp played by-by-my wife." , "Impossiblel You said that ohe died ,in iving birth to your only son?" I re marked. S' Toat is perfectly true; but at the same time I can swear that I heard her play one 'of those wild German aira of which she need sto be so food. I listened, entranced. I oould not-I dared not move. The next :morning I wet to the room, not into it-I ouldm not do rthf. I found it locked and hulledat I had left it. I examind the bolst and the dues waes ,till on-tetm. teo one cool! hIve,emorjo. shot ?i6bone " Yonr adopted on, Mr. George Standing -drs hre know anytbioEn aboun thiel" I asked. "I wrote him all particulars, andlex peated him here from Oxford before you," replied the baronet. " I wished you to con sualt with him." " Conond it alllt" I thought. "When will people learn to keep their tongues still I" But I said qoietly to Sir Charles, "Iam sure I shall hbe most delighted and--" The sonorous elana of the lodge bell in. terrepted es. A carriage came up the drive, and in a tow moments a handsomr young fellow beret into the room in a manner I Chonght little fitted torea sei ohamber. "My dear benefactor,'" he cried, hurrying op to the hod end bending over the siek man -(See Pintoro No. 1)-" whet is thin I hear i Can it be that some wretihes are trying by these means to rob yon-to kill you-by working on your too sensitive natures Of coonersan to their beingreal rsetrees, that's all moonshine." "fiesh, hosh, George I" said Sir Charles, faintly; 'yen are ton boisterous for me. This ie Che eantleman whom I have bad tetched from London to solve the mystery, and he says that we mnust keep the matter entirely to ourselves. You must not let a soul in bthe hoase know who or what he is yen understand 1" Mr. George Standing decolared that he did understand, and ehook me nordially by the hand, saying that he would help me in every way. Then ho inoiated that ho should sleep in Sir Charles' room, and Sir Charles have nother .where hewold not he distnred. I had wished to have made the same pro posal about thebs room, as I wanted to sleep thear; bet the baronet seemed drIbble, e. e son eon's ooorage, and so I had so giveop my claim. I strolled into the extensive grounds, and lit my oigar so as to smoke and think over the case. But I could make nothing of it. f01 a truth, I did not like the interlerenee of Mr. I George Blanding-a handsome, opensaoned gentleman, but with unateady eyse and lips, No. 3.-I stole gently up behind him, buot strik ig something with my loot, the sound attraneod el hit attention a and, what I dislike, far too gushing. In 1 the midst of these thoughts the soundof the dinner-bell struok upon my ear, and I horied baek to join Mr. Sltnding it the dicing- a room, as I had promised to do. Dinner over; at Mr. Standing's invitation Ijoinedhimin the smoking-room, wherewe t had some capital oigars and noflee, In course of conversation he let drop the seoret bthat Sir Charles' seon had to go abroad in onase qtuers ofoomeforgerias hehadusommitted. t " Sir Chartes never told me thot," I said, quickly. "No, of conrse he would not-the honour t of the family, and all that hind of thing,"' said Mr. Standing. omehat hnekily. "And 1 cow poor Bertie hat gone, the lesaa said ahoot it the hetter. - But Oorh was the case. Of course Herbert had to bolt, and-yen know the rest-he was drowned." "You are sore he was drowned 1" "Positive. Idonot know al the fllpar tionlars, but Sir Charles had the case thoroughly investigated, and there was not t the elighteir douboht of it. I never coald mabs poor Herbert cot, I suppose his I emtic and bad qotlisies cams from the mothsber's side." "Perhaps so," I remarked, quietly. " Yoe sleep in Sir Charles'room tonight?" t "I do," he muttered, polling forth a pistol "And if the ghost appears I insend I to fire at it." " Be careful, and don't shoot rashly," I remarked. "If Sir Charles really did tee this phantom, who can tell that it may not be some sleep-walker? And in that oasee it would be homicide, though, perhaps, in the lowest degree":' "bNever fear me; I know what I am a abont," he said. "t'erhapt yen will have news by the morning." 1 "Perhaps I shall," I said, and, wishing him good evening, strolled out in thes I grounds. CHAPTER II. THE 5TS1T0T Or onE nIer. That night, being tired from the day's work and the fresh air, I soon fell asleep, to dream of all kinds of ghosts and mysteriqes mousie Suddenly I awokre,and ascI olleeted my thoughts, the soond of musio fell upon 1 my eare, but not the mnsuelo which I had heard in my dreams. It was the music of a harp lightly touched, and yet with exquisite feeling. I do confess that alter all Sir Charles had told me I began to feel superstitions for the first time in my life; but for all that I was not to be done. So getting out of bedhastily, I pu on my clothes, taking care, however, net to put on my boots; for I wished to steal about the house as noiselessly as possible. The music had ceased by now, and all the house seemed wrapped in silence.. Takling up the lemp, I gently unloeked my door and etoln cut into the corridor. All qouet. Indeed, after the shock my nerves had received, seemed to me most un naturally quiet, and I coold realise the old saying-" dAs stlill as death." Iwas about to retun to my own room when the sharp report of. a pistol smote -oon my-ear,-It wae tollowed-hy a fainl cy, and both came nrom the room uately ecoupied by Sir Charles, and now tenanted by his adopted son. I esoon found that not lalonohad heard the report of the pistol The household had been aroused, and tights " began to fit abouot "Quick, quick I" I cried. "Come here I" S"What is it, sir? What is the matter?" demanded many of the servants as they hurried towarde me. "I don't know. But follow me." I nwold sooner have entered the room alone, bnt thateould not be. We knoehed at the door and called on Mr. Standing, but noreply came. So, ordering one or two others to help me, wa burst in the dour. George Standigr lay on the bed as pale as death, ,, 0 I'' vi lt '1 t Iedeed,'when Irst saw him I believed he was dead; hot the servants dashed water over his face, and Safter a little while ohe reeoverea. In acr, , thought b recovered somewhat sooner than I wasnatnral, I Lou me get out of this horrid rooml" he Scried, " I have seen it-I have seen iti" a "Seen what?" demanded the servants, eagerly. "Mr. Standing," I said, sternly, "are you a coward, that a devo, eculd hove ae frightened you? Tuon how ill Sir Charles Lester is. By tho way," I continued, turn ing to the reovauet," tome of You had bettee go and see how Sir Churlee is. Tnio mad Sfreak-niglhtmare, or whatever it is-may have greatly alamed him. Tae rest can pt Stobed. Itwill remain with hr. Stnadiag." I Of course the servants did not like this, an t it did not satisfy their ncuriosity; but as Mr. SStanding, much to my surprise, ordered I the people t obsy me, they did to moot re When we were alone, ano the conrecurely teoked, I turned upon Mr. Standiog, and a said, quietly: "air. Standine, I am not to be hboum bogged. What is the moeaning of this little ganmet?" Gae I"el he exclaimed. "I do not understand you. What do you mean?" d He tried to look indignant, but I could see lt that he mooed ahoot uneasily, aod there wae that trembliog ol the upper lip which no Ii honest or truthful man aver has. b "I simply mean this. I do not believe a word about the ghost. I believe you have done this only to frighten Sir Charles. I do b not believe in oghts, and thaerefore do not t for one moment aredit that Mr. Herbert Laster amuses himself by macebing about p themse rooms at the dead of night. Sir y Charles in ill; helhas ben very sevore with his eon,whose death has been a heavy blow to him. Naturally, in his weak state, his imagination runes wild, and be fancies all a kind of things, and nothing eo likely that his heated thoughts should run open his boy. But you are different. From what I an I hear. tuere never wan much loe between yon and Hr. Herbert. Yrou oold only conjure a up ooa arlision from o a.ece.e" "Indeedl I nd waht rn Cet tan~etbe I" he said, with a forced laugh and a meaning ii glance at me. 1 "To kill Sir Charles with fear and re- 1 morel. You know the nervocs sate he I. in, and any great ahook might be his death. E Take my advice, air; go and see the baronet a at oncr. Tell him it most have been a dream." "Byo heaovena, it owa.rnot r' oried the young I fellow, quickly, "Very well, then, if you will not go I must," I aaid, quietly. "Only I thought rs*?pC C dkee r eiatcoy a-as io- (idais" -or purpose better than Ishal be able to do." t He thought for a moment, and then a knetilly wrapping a dreesing- gown akoot himself, thruet hit feet into his elippere, and, muttering something about being ready to doi what I wished, although he saw no unse in it, leftl the room. I waited until I was sure he would not return, then locked the door. I seized the i lamp, and turned the light np a little way so that I coold see better. Then I began to examine the place carefully where the spectre was said to have disappeared. I The wall appeared solid enough. I tried it gently with my knuacles, but no sound of hollowness was given forth. Suddenly my 1 eyes were arosted by a spot on the poilshed boards. I knelt down and examinad it carefulolly. It was wet, and when I tounhed it I found that it was blood. Yer, blood I I traced it on oan on, drip by drip, until I came to the recess by the old- . fashioned fireplace. Here they ceased. I examined the wainsoot carefolly, and at laset discovered what appeared to be a small corved knob,lwhich I screwed round, and found that the oak panel on which it was fied yielded at once to my touch, and I discovered a narrow opening, in which was a staircase. I found helesenet of the spring inrside, and then, having entered the passage, loased the door enotaltly behind me. ' Up, up, op I went, fer the staircane was spiral, when at lant I found myself opposite 1 another door. which I examined carefully. mnsoonlooveree a simenar spring as in ( the door below. I was ahout to touch it, when low, sweet sounde of glorious meesi rose softly on the air-so softly that II could ecarcely believe it to be of this earth. I turned the light of the lamp down until I it war onlyt sparlk, and then plaed it epen the step. I turned the secret spring, pushed open the door, which opened noiseleesly, and crept into the lumber room-for the sound told me that was the apartment said to be hanted. it weas a hne loeng room, lighted only on one side by lotw, gabled windowe. through which the fitful light of the moon now and than gleamed as nhe broke through storm-rent clouds. By this light I managed to see that thereewere heaps of old furniture and.auch like things about. looking most ghost-like in the gloom. But one object fixed my attention, and I became blind to all others. It was a young man who wee scated at a harp, the strings of which he tenlheed plaintively. whilst his paleface was turned with a sorrowful look to the window. Iknew it in aninstant. Itwasthatof Herbert Letaer, hot to gheatly pate that I almost believed it wan a ghost. Presently he toached the strings rasber louder, sending forth the venad sounds which had so startled the houenrold. "'Well," thought I, "anything more like a ghost I never saw. But reason tells me ghosts cannot pull harp strings; so here geea." I able gently up behind him, but striking something with my toot, the ennu attracted hie-attention. (See Pioftare No.3.) ebont Lctea, what cn the meaning of this folly?" Isaid. There watao doubt he was there, flesh and bone now; fii be turned round and grappled with.me with a strength that Iconldnot have believed so frail aecroatae could have poas seaned. However; I loon had him under my control, and said; "Listen tome, sir. I am your friend, al though the way I may lare to behave may not seemlike it. We have nota minute to lore; so, if you plpeet, you will josh tell ms what the whole affainmeans, hididjtnothiog from me. Itimeauber, Ieay, I am your friend, and I mean it. Come; speabk ut, and do not s hide a thing." I The young fellow an that I was right,ani briefly told me all. CHAPTER III. s . arramuznox. Then, noiselessly and cautiously, we arept to the door of Sir Charles Lester's sleeping apartment. By the dim light of a moderas teaur lamp, which was only half turned up e and carefully shaded, I saw Sir Charles seated in bed, propped up by pillows. By the bedside stood George, his right hand grasped Sin the long thin ones of thesikwman, and the left placed over his eyes. He looked the pioe Sture of grief. M hyson-for so I bshall now consideryou, Herbert being dead-I feel that but a few Sdays, or at beet weeks, can intvenebetween this and my death. Ah, mel when we are d bibifisg'iBalth, how little do we think of the rashness of our actions I But death. a in dimming our bodily aight, opens nor mentat eyes and colear their isiaon. Herbert t did wrong, I know; but was I not to blame a c wells" " Oh, no, no " sobbed the sorrowful George;"do not ay that You courld not be to blame." " Alh, yee, I wasl I Bot that is over-he i I dead. You saw his spirit I" "I did; indeied. I can swear it. I fired at it.' n " Whet could have brought it heret Slay, SGeerge, Ihave left yealiberthing; hot still It Ilore my eon. Had bereturned to me and o aced forgivenere, he should have had it. I have grievedfor him deeply, and long sinno s Ihave forivten him. ay Heonven forgive Shim alco I" it "Surely, sorely," eohhed the young wan, Id . Ipayforhir so ligh and ay. Ohmhn ho not forged Ihete kiloa-" "He did not forge thote bille-nt Irae, I have hopes that eooh is the tase. Teroerday a I received a Ihter stating thatp roofs of hie innocenro wrould exon ho farihnemlog. to. e, tleed, laely thae hat aeeral tommunio tioneof almost the lite natore, Sometimmse t, could almost feocy I recognire elrchrcta so Ityle in the wrk m.e oftc~ n:·' e h "Al, how tho lItreioen work on the im. aginalion l" grnonacd Gieorte. " No doubt auor h bmine we to hoc donethie," "d'to mayhne c; Id~onotLko-IpnoorIeno say,"replied Sir Ciacrl.e, as he peasscd his hand weartly oerr tis brow. "Ifeel se it I had been in eome" horrible dream from whioh am alowly awabueing." " Who were these letters signed by?" as ached Georte, onfil. - "oThey are ie eigCrd-thy harpe anony. moon," irpliad Sir Chtarie. "I hays eland them. reuy away inlO atdirawer. Ion mib eoxn'eOO otom. - I saw Goergae' eyes light up with glee as he lret the bed and moved towards the drawer indicated. As he did so, the light fell fall on his face, and I most say I never saw anything so evil. There was a devilish triumph in the thin lips, and the long, thin, white hands moved nervously, as if sager to grasp the papers. To me that look betrayed all, and I determined opon a bold morve. MIotioning Mr. Harbert to keep still, I moved quiokly forward, so as to place myself between the young fellow and the drawer eon. tainieg the letters. "Pardon me," I said. quietly. " With your permissieon Iwill examinethoselletters before yoe tonch them." nHe sprang bark, his fase first pale andthan livid with rage, as he exclaimed: "What the devil do you want here. sir 1" "To do my duty," I replied, quietly "honestly and fairly: and that is more than I think you oan say, Mr. Standing." "Sir Charlee, am I to ho insolted?" almost shrieked Mr. Standing." "Sir Charles has placed this matter in my hands, and will be kind enough not to interfere," I put in, as I drew forth the letters, and, opening the packet, took out a letter. Seeing that Master George was ready to make a spring opon the others ef I pot them on ths table, I thrust them into my pocket, and, advancing to the lamp, coolly com menced to rend the one in my hand, although I knew the contests woold not guide me to V anything. However, I took great care to watch my agitated friend out of the corner . °y°ý._ ~ S aGod wrti4 foei aghost;." I mattered, loand enough for the others to hear-" almost too good; bht there is a mistiness aboot G them which becomes a person o soe little d subshtance." I then drew a letter from the other end of the packet, opened it, and read that. " Sir Charles," said I quilckly. "have you any of those forged bills handy ? He pointed to the same drawer. and I soon had tke ilnain my hand, comparing them wito the letter. " This is too had I" cried George Standing. "Is the hononur of the family to be pliced in this fellow's hands-a low policeman." "Bettertrat te he honorof the family in my hands than in those of some people 1 know, Sir Charles. Axe you prepared for a great surprise-an agreeable one, I hope, butr one which may tax your strength to the atmost7" " Go on. I am ill, but I coan hear all." " Some of these letters, wherein your aon auks for pardon, are no doubt genuine; the others are forgeries." "Forgeries I" " Ye, and the man who forged thoeletters ' forged the 'Nie." " Great heavens I" George grew ashben white. " It's a falt, and I ran prove it," said I. "Yoor son shall prove it." " My son I He is dead I" aried the baronet, an angrybshade athring on his ace. "Berallm. Haieeiotdead. Younawno ghost-yeon eard no ghot ; but you did ase your son in the flesh. Now, be calm." " I am oalm. Where is be ?"demanded-Sir Charles eagerly. "Here I" cried Herbert. Andthe noxt moment bhe was kneelingat his father's bedside. - - I shall not asily forget the glanoe of hatred George gave me at that moment.. An soon as the father and son were calm eenoaeh. Ialda: "We had better wind this little matter ep, as qnielly and quietly as possibles. Sir Chearles, with yoer permission will take a ehair. Gentlemen, I pray yen will be all calm and keep yonr tempers. Remember I aroens nobody, and the shorter your aewecrs are tbe quicher wall oths pntrral scene so over. First of all, Mr. Lester, hoe came you to bhe playing ghost in your own father's . housel" "After I was aenused of all sorts ofo rimes, by the advice of George, I started for Australia. I was shipwrecked, and having heard that my father refueed his forgivenss., I west to Sydney. At last, all other ties being broken, I dstermined to return home. faot my fate, and prove my innorenre. I communaiocaed with Georgewho told me it was madness; that my father bade warrana ot against me, and I oaaold expeat no mercy. Still,Iretulrned,and being sacquainted with a serret passage whioh led from the old tower tokhe grorsie, I availed myself of it, determine to dierover what baleful in.' fleance was at work to keep my father's' heart so from me. XLnwing the ways of this old hene, I waso able to glide about like a ghost. At last I was discovered by' thins gentleman whilst playing ay mother's harp.' "Great heavens I" murmored the baronet; clasping his thin hands. "I think most ghost stories could be as easily explained as this one," raid I, "it people wocld hbut ees abont olearing p the matterroolly. Go on, Mr. Heeltergo on, sir." " The dread of being tried for forgery kept me away some time. At lastI rentursd all.' I wished to obtain the forged documents, prove my innocence, and then, father' Gerbly r yrd meray. Of enuroŽ dilay Gre eard ofthe ghothe knewt who it was. He attempted my life in the so-called hanoted ohamber. I was wounded, Sand by the blood-marks this gentleman traaedma to the old lumbsrroom. My story I istold-ani, father, I am here I" I never conuld do the pathetic business, and my eye are not given to weeping, but Chey sers damp than, and I had a nasty lump in my threat. Al last Sir Charles released his son, and, turning to George Standing, said: "George Standing, yotihave heard all that has passed. Can you deny it? Nay, do not t addtoyour many other crimes that of lying I I me the lie is in.your brain and in yo heart, hut it chokes even your threat. Con. fesoe all, and I will not alyso farepardn YenU I that yon shall not o punished, but settle on yo a modest competency on whieh ye rban live abroad, where year antecedents will be nkLnown. Think before you answer-for your choiee is final." ae thenght fnr a moment, and thee said, sulkily: Well,! confess that I did lay the trap into whieh both Sir Charles and Heobert fell. The stakarwae worthth riok, andbold San thee gome Was, I ploted it, Of ourse I: fried to eep Herbert away. Whilst he was e omlewhee Isin A ala, I was sate. Fortnos Sturned hpon me-be name hacr. You know the relst." "Abandoned retch I" cried Sir Charles. - 1 "Gel I - Never more. aenter my preeence. Go to your room, and there commit a fall ocofession of yorocrimes rto paper. gy ite truthfulness shall regulate the allowance I shall geant you. Then quit thie houee for ever. All communicalions be tween ne mest now be made through my lawyer. GoI" W Tith a halfefiont air, the young fellew a left the reom. Ieco felolewred him deeming Sit pendent to leave father and eon afone. Ats O sofelyoelosed the door,!I heard Sio Charlrs. elering up a fervent thookegivinog that the era had gieeoeno its dtad. 