WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at 211 Maine street, Bridgeport, and Mrs Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in tho front parlor. At about half ' past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlor the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of tho room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleaves were rolled up, aud in ono hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol, the women ■«lsd-?Screr.iaSjg--rfr{np:f^ho: TOotre.ij'VV.ltcftoMp" —77 -- ~ Jennings caine in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw 1 “During a recent period of ill health,” writes an American friend,“1 had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o’clock, I was suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the jfoot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as sle looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it sinee, and it’s more than three years ago now.” No doubt it wa9 the nerves. Why, there’s no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March 1S90, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:—I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet 1 did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1SS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain iu my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and thestumach and bowels feitcold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in hed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaiut was. I took nothing but liquid food, aud could not retain even that on my stumach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I tliould 1 should ',!ose my senses, and my friends agreed that 1 would nevt r get better. “ I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Svigcl’s Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across tho room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food and all my nervousuess has left me.” The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia ami nervous pros tration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, 'the system rallied only when the Syrup had given now vigour to jtho dig estion and thus fed and toned thegierves. Whatever may i your upvaiim.- of tilt; _ ' -Bridgeport'ghust, it'remaius' trutTthat' most ~ uncanny visions and sounds means nothing more or less than a sot of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them and iwhen (Mother Seigel’s Syrup does its work the eye3 aud ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 