NEWS AND NOTES. ' Owing to pressure on our space we are unable to say as much as we would like about die health meeting held in Violet Town on Tuesday last, and we intend making further comment on it in our next issue. , Mrs. Kayanagh,,an old resident of this district, died at Bofyo, ou Sunday last, from injuries received by ber clothes catching fire about a month ago. Deceased, who was 47 years of age, was highly respectedi being of a very kind and geoerons disposition, ever Toady to help ithose in trouble. During her residence in this district she has made many genuine friends, and her loss will be severely felt, Much sympathy is expressed for Mr. Kavanogh and his family in their sad bereavement, being the loser? of a loving wife and a good motheh Deceased's remains were interred in the local cemetery, on Wednesday, the funeral cortege being a large and representative one, consisting of 45 buggieB and 60 horsemen. The obsequies at the grave were conduoted by the Bev. Father Tobin of Benalla. Mn. Ewart,en old resident of Tamlengb, died in the Melbourne hospital last ' week from injuries received a short time-ago by being thrown from a buggy at Northoote. On Wednesday last Mr. Jno. Hammond; of Marraweeney, called at the SENTINEL Office and left a bos of insects known by the name of leptops hopei. He informs us that he hasten troubled with this pest for a long time, and recently he sent one of the insects to Mr. French, the Government entomologist, for the "purpose of finding out whether the same was injurious to fruit trees, and received a reply to the effect that they were very bad. Mr Hammond has since proved this to be a fact, the pest having destroyed over un acre of his v fruit trees. It appears that the insects lay their eggs at the foot of the tree, and when the grabs form they bora into the roots and immediately thereupon the tree begins to wittier and is Boon quite dead. A gentleman at Wedderburn had bis orchard attacked with this peBt, with the result that every tree he had was destroyed. Any person who feels interested can eee the insects by calling at this office. Last issue of the Benalla Standard contains the following:—" A very BeriouB 'ipi'.lonli; iif dijililjiwis lufl occurred at YUiifci. To-.in, W.. owiryj io a unuiberuf Urn I'.-sss Irving been. twu.<,d 1-y a Chiaoeo doctor, no report was made officially. A case has now come under the notice of Dr. Wilmott, who has communicated with the Health department. On Sunday last the Bonalla Mechanics' Brass Band payed Violet Town a visit for tbe purpose of raising funds for the Wangaratta Hospital. In the afternoon tlicy played a number of musical selections on the local Recreation reserve, which were much enjoyed. There was a goodly number of persons on the ground, and £3 10B. 3d. was collected. On their return journey they played at Baddaginnie, and by this meftns raised another It. We would direct the attention of the local Board of Health to a stagnant pool of water at the railway culvert, opposite Mr. Sydney Fenton'e place. This is near Mr. White's bouse, where there have been two fatal caBBS of diphtheria. Tbe stench arising from this pool is'alinost unbearable, and it is a menace to the public health We hear that a petition is to be seat ts the Central Board of Health about it. Daniel Tough, who was sentenced, abont a fortnight ago, to lb years imprisonment, for manslaughter at Benalla, passed through Violet Town on Monday morning last, on hie way to the Pentridge Stockade. Messrs. Watts, Turabull and Go. offered for sale by auction on Friday last, at Violet Town, four properties. With the exception of Mr. M'Lellan's farm of 318 acres at Balmattum, upon which 12s. is paid to the Crown, none of them were sold. This was sold for the Email price of 13s. 6d. an acre, the purchaser being Mr. Coman. For the other properties there were no offers. A rather novel scene was witnessed at the Benalla railway station on Saturday aftorDOiw, Wttwe^o & Ghinjpiiu 1 -rutmpd Ah Sam Bet, who carries-or business as a storekeeper in Carrier Street, and bis partner, Benjamin Gould, who is well known in Violet Town. The facts of the affair are these, Ben had been indulging rather freely, and Ah Sam appeared on the scene and asked him to go home, at the same time taking his arm in a brotherly fashion. Ben resented this and said bo would go home when it suited him, but not before. His Celestial partner, feeling hurt at this, tried to take him off the platform by force. This he could not do, and the two men entered into an agreement to the effect that Ah Sam was to shout and then Ben would go home. The two men then went into the refreshment roomR, the former smiling blandly. On coming out Ben withdrew from his bargain and re> fused positively to leave the platform. Ah Sam was wrath at this and at once started a furious attack on his partner, stating that he did not like liim to get drunk and would therefore look after the money till he was sober. After a few minutes tussle the two men came to the ground, Ben being- nndernoath. The fun now began. Sam's only idea was to save his partner's money from the till of the publican, and be at once used his endeavors to secure the "filthy lucre." But while he was getting tbe money, Ben was strik ing out with both hands, hitting him every time. Finding that this took no effect he grabbed his partner by the pig-tail and pulled with all his might. But Sam was quite unconcerned, and went on with his work of " fossiking," but got nothing but blows for his trouble. Finding that his supposed gold mine was a "duffer" he let Ben ga. and then there was a " scatter," as tbe Utter let out with both handB and feet. Sam got a bard knock in the face, Mr. B. Kennedy received a blow, and then Ben we .-, ismo,. . On airiying at" his, door he opened it with his foot and entered and was lost to the public gaze. Ah Sam, who had been in hiding, quickly followed his partner. About a dozen persons witnessed the affair. When returning from Violet Town, on Sunday last, the members of tbe Benalla Brass Band putonta fire at Mr. Dunlop's butter factory, Baddaginnie. Very little damage was done. - Mr. W. White, of Violet Town, was placed in a nasty predicament in reference to tbe death of his child, from diphtheria on Monday last It appears.that a Chjnaman, who is not a legally qualified doctor, had been attending the case, and therefore when tbe child died no doctor could be found who would give the neces< sary certificate : for . burial. Constable Mornement was informed of this and he immediately wired-to the ooroner—Mr: Dobbin—onjbhe subject, and received a reply to tbe affect that he was to take his instructions £rom a Justice of the Peace. He therefor^ waited on Mr.. A! M'Kenzie, J .P., and that gent}eman,iseeingthe danger of allowingtbe; body, to' remain in th house immediately gave orders for Its burial. ' • The Euroa|r,rrespondent of the Age writing on Ti;*!ay last, says:—The frequent dentin 1 arising from diphtheria uro causing tli'. KM! board of health considerable anxiety '' The case ot a child named White will (c the cause of a magisterial inquiry, li, Wilmott, of Violet Town, has refused^*, this case to give a certificate of death, utflic child was attended by a Chinese in^iciue man. (There is no truth in ilifeKfiaertion about a magisterial inquiry li'ild. Such proceeding waB consideredniiecessary as it was a wellknown lacfihat the child died from diphtheria.-S.) During tL yiist few weeks we have received a niiul»?r of complaints from subscribers liV.ng in the outside districts to the effeci fint they do not get their papers 1 regularly. "We have made inquiries at the Violet JVwn post-office in reference to tho matter, and have been informed that the papem uro sent regularly from there therefore ilic fault muBt be in the outside :es. We hope that officials in tho country places will take a note of persons receiving thcijsmfisi through their olficos ' and tiicn VfigSStbtaWirto <U£M*b£wiiGre the paper goes astray. By doing this tliey will save much unpleasantness which must arise if the SENTINEL continues to go astray. Misfortunes seldom come Bingly. In our last iBsue we reported that Mr. W. Whito, of this town, had loBt a fine littlo girl from diphtheria, and now wo have to record the death of a little boy in the same family. Immediately after bis sister's death tho little fellow showed symptoms of diphtberia and although every effort was made to save him, be succumbed to the disease. The parents have the sym' pathy of tho whole of the townspeople in their sad bereave mennt. Violet Town at laBt can raise a ghost yarn. One Friday evoniug last two gentlemen—one a public Bervant and the other the son of u local storekeeper—were walking around by the local Roman Catholic Church when they noticed what . they supposed to be two personB—a lady and gentleman—coming towards them. But they immediately disappeared. The story, as told by. one who saw the spectres, is as follows:—" Myself and Mr. N— were going for a stroll around by th Catholic Church and we noticed two persons coming towards us. We looked towards the ground, and on raising our eyes the figures were not to be seen. We soarched for a time but could find nothing, One ghost was dressed with a black hat, white bodicc and blue ukirt. I did not take notice of the other's dress." Being scared by the " spooks," tho couple went to a friend's house and reported what they had seen. On Saturday evening a party of gentlemen again went in search of the ghosts, but it is needless to say tbey never made a catch. We have spoken often enough about the nuisance of cows stray in,the publip-streetB of Violet ToWri, and Barely the inspactpr of nuisances wjill take I ipma stojis in.tlie matter now, saeLbg thai' tbey are token fpr ghosts, by midnight ramblers. We are informed that proceedings have been commenced against twenty persons in Violet Town in arrears for water rates. The TruBt's solicitor, Mr. Lawry, has received instructions to that effect. . Railway excursions for tbe Christmas and New Year holidays will begin on the 20th inst, and from that date to 3rd January passengers will be booked to and from all stations in tho colony at holiday fares.' The tickets will be available for a month's return. J. Usher, Tailor, from Melbourne, is opening business in Violet Town, and is preparedto execute all orders entrusted to him in first-class style. Fit and workmanship guaranteed. Prices to suit the times. Mr. UBher has commenced operations at Mrs. Cunningham's Coffee Palace. —[ADVT.1 We have been requested to state that the White family in Violet Town, who have undergone so much trouble during the past few weeks, are in rather poor circumstances, and need assistance. Any persons who feel inclined to help them can do so by leaving subscriptions at this office. Progress is being made in tbe Assembly with the proposed tax on unimprovnd land values. It was decided in tbe House on Wednesday laBt to read the bill a second time. On Tuesday last the new ice trucks in- troduced this summer on the railways were used in traffic for the first time, and the reportB so far received by the railway authorities show that the system has given ; general satisfaction. Three of them were -attirelocal; statipn on \Wodnesday-ntghtlast' ' 