AMONG THE PILOTS. BY R.H. Writing, from Queenscliff is a somewhat unexpected situation, and, because unex pected and novel, perhaps, a little more difficult than it ought to be. At any rate, there ii something in the air that induces one to own up to his .baptismal initials and to drop,with a sigh of relief, the harmonious or inharmonious, just as one’s ear is educated —pseudonym that press free-lances affect. As to how I got here and why I am exiled to the very outposts of the colony masters little to-anynne; but, being here, there, of course, comes the necessity for telling, in some way, something of the wagging of the ' world in its corner here. i As to who the pilots are that 1 am among and of whom I write, it might be just as well to say that they are just pilots. I have not the least desire to catch the eye with a cross-head, and then rush the caught reader into a dissertation upon either “sky pilots" or legislative pilots. There are correspon dents enough to speak of both, all seemingly agreeing that the world is decaying, because it is changing, and that politicians can neither epeak, act, nnr drink as well as they could in the olden times; those wonderfal days When hearts could clow long, long ago, la the time of the Barmecides. However, we will leave the quarrel.to them. Politics, is a wearying problem, and has its ebbs just as pronounced as the ebbs that worry the quieter pilots of whom I am speaking. To the most practical amongst us there is something interesting in the life of men who live such a peculiar life as the deep sea pilots at Port Phillip Heads. As their pretty echooner tosses about in the far distance, nr lies half becalmed close in, the picture raises ail sorts of thoughts in the mind. It is a quiet, unobtrusive little thing, but the strength that lies in her is plainly marked when, as nn a Saturday afternoon, the big, even monstrous, mail boats, with their im mense bulk and their powerful sweep through the waves each make up to her as if magnet drawn, and, having made their obeisance, pass on. No less enchanting .is it to see the little . waterwitch running lightly down to a big barque beating pain fully up from the far south, with a bright ness about her that speaks the message that she brings. No matter how the wind may be blowing, every vessel seems to come along faster after the pilot vessel has dropped astern, and the pilot is on board. As to the men themselves, the poetry of the calling is swallowed up in their practical work. Whether it ba the mailbnat sweeping around and dropping the knowledge and ex perience that has carried her safely through a narrow, difficult channel, or the monster “ ocean tramp,” that is as much a gigantic tank as a ship, it is but one mare duty done, and one more day’s woik accomplished. Yet these men should know something of the questions that are troubling so many of mir people at the present time. While the Premier is talking about “a port to let,” and the new politicians are going to save the country by, in a degree, national ising the railways, by having fares and freights to suit the varying needs of varying times, but especially the needs of constituencies of correct views, these men, through whose hands the trade of the port passes, ought to know something about such vexed questions. Such were something of my thoughts as one morning I drifted along on a flood tide over a beautiful glassy sea towards the outside station, where we were carrying the relief crew to the schooner on duty. Polities was not something, however, which would suggest themselves at such a time; hut yet there was a clear, thoughtful answer to the question as to why the falling-off in the shipping that passed in and out. They were not the typical, burly seafaring men who were with ns. They were just quiet, gentlemanly people, whose conversation was what would be expected from men whose charges came from all around the world. "No doubt there is a great falling-off,” was the answer to my query; “but it is just a question as to whether we are not doing the real trade of the port. There is not the rnsh of the boom years, but the rush was abnormal. While the chief production of the country is an article that it does not pay to ship away, we are not likely to get ships either in or out.” It was a quiet summing up of the position, and strikingly forcible from such a source. The speaker meant wheat, of course, when he spoke of the article not worth shipping; and it is just as likely as not that he is right. The boom speculation has left its effects so well marked that we can ail see them. Legis lation and finance, even those laws enacted by the “ Barmecides,” have had a backward eddy; but the lasting effects of both may just as likely bs due to a third cause of an unwise production which, instead of being a help in our time of difficulty, has proved a rotten support that has given way beneath the pres sure of events. “ Then,” went on my sailor philosopher, who spoke with the quiet con viction of a man who understood his sub ject, “It is well enough to talk about ‘a port to let,’ but a port is not to be judged by the bustle but by the amount of work that is doue. We have not the multi tude of sailing ships that 'used to make the Bay a picture; but there is still a heavy trade going on. Take last Saturday as an instance when, within an hour, the French mail ship of over 6000 tons, the Victoria of the same siz", both able to carry an immense cargo, dropped their pilots at the schooner, and were not out of sight before the German mail boat came alongside. There is the carrying capacity for a nation in these ships, and the effect of the empty bay is not altogether a want of ships so much nn it is that ships come and go so much quicker;” a rendering that received a curious corroboration a day or two afterwards, as the Taupo, from Fiji, passed up at daybreak laden and down again before sunset berthed, unladen, and cleared out within a few hours. This way of dis cussing what we have accustomed ourselves to think nn aonte situation of difficulty was rather philosophical, especially from one of a class whose business suffered greatly through the failing off nf imports, so to get back to known paths, I grasped at the “ Timarn.” “Oh, yes,” he replied, without a trace of enthusiasm, “the frozen meat trade will suit ua very well. The 1 Timaru’ had an immense cargo,” bat suddenly turning questioner—“ Do you think the Western District can keep up such cargoes ?” There was a candid depth in the eyea of the ques tioner, or one would have suspected a sarcasm under the question. The question, simple as it was, was not an easy one to answer. How many “ Timarns” would clear out our marketable sheep, that is sheep marketable in London ? I am afraid my. reply to his question was not so clear as his to mine. Even in this we are changing methods that ought to have been changed yews ego. We have assumed that markets lasted for ever, whereas the exporting com munity that lives is that which is always ahead of' the changes, and ready to take advantage of them. Onr methods always lead up to the inevitable glut, and it is exporters of our kind who get caught in the glut. Perhaps I Innkedjthe eombrenesi of the .thoughts that were with me, for I hardly saw the protti ness of the scene of the “Heads” in the early morning as seen from the outside sta tion; and even the lighter conversation of a six foot clergyman who was with ns, who had a good stock of well preserved stories of a very chestnut kiud, or the candid ad missions of all the sailors that at one time or another, they had eaten shark when on long voyages, though none would say whether they liked it or not. They all just grinned and said nothing. Even these things had not their due effect; but pilots who came off from the boat on duty had a story to tell which stirred up the ghost in me that the parson’s stories had almost laid to rest as brisk a life as ever. “ Such lovely ood,” cried one whose merry dancing eyea and oomedy features made one smile in voluntarily. “ We have had saoh lovely cod, and the first of the season, too." This “ ood" seemed to be a wonder dish for it brightened the faces of ail. wonderfully. "But,” said I, questioning onoe more, "how is it you get a dainty fish within a mile or two of shore, and we hear nothing about it? -God 1 I don’t know that I know the fish at all." “ Oh, very likely not. You see end can only be canght at night, and our fishermen go in before sunset if they venture outside at all.” Shades of pilchards and herrings, which they tell us are caught when they come, and come when they like with out reference to sunset. Here were our old methods once more, the fish at onr door, hut of little value became they came at ' night. What a rut this depres- ■ ■ion has found ns in, and- what a lengthy lesson, with a constant iteration'll will take to drag us out of it. Wheat growers in the far up country, sheep growers in the Western . district, ■ fishermen at the Heads, all ,rowing : in the same boat, and but a drag were they'should be a re demptive force. Our wretched finanoe,_oiir .blind and obstinate public service adminis tration bad as each is, and doomed as each is, could be carried easily but for this. The only consolation there it is that the depres sion has thus been made to last long enough to bring many methods to judgment that would otherwise have escaped. It was an unexpected lesson I learnt amongst these pilots; but as one writes to me, “ Do what I will politics will follow me,” and from this ontpost, right in the beginning of things, the haze that covers these questions in noisier places take their truer shapes. It was- a beautiful day’s ouling, and the day was not more pleasing than the pleasant company of the pilots, their open hospitality, and the good sense of their politics, though, perhap", they would disclaim having talked politics. 