€choes atib flf-OixItoes. BEFORE THE TRIAL. (Cabinet in Conclave.) OVERI1LAKD BV HUGH KALYI'TUS. The ClllEt' SECIIHTAKV (IU liii courteous way) • And one* agaiu, my friends, the House we meet. A ticklish time fur tia \he ilex- fow weeks, There be so many weighty things to mind. And many matters Mint »e niuht txplain. KINGSTON (conti.Wniially,— I'm not afraid, i care nut «thM they say; I've shown a backbone quite as stiff as Dibbj. Moreover, I have not a ruade; But one averted, wbich will Pitase the saints. HOLtlliU— And very pationt have they been with you. GORDON— We, Ubarley; you do too much the eRO u«e. I think tre Ministers have show n a fiont That trights the croaktrs, and dotli rr.aW) thorn think. We'll stand ao non«ttiF«, but our duty do. JENKINS (-noJestly)— I do consider that we've all beatowea In good opiniou of the multltuae. HOLDI.K— . Ay 1 ay! we've ra.-.nsgeil diplomatic lly. KINGSTON limpaoientlyl— I hate that word, it sivnurs so of cant. Say Mdly, irare/i/, fit ;nl;/, if you will, li sounds more like the tercis tUat we should ait. COCKBLILLN— , _ , _ But what of PJayford and Sir Johnny Bray; I fear ic« there will be a nice to (lo. Tne matter of the restless unemployed I feel is not ho )rreat a trouble as that femiment Thitventlmental business over there. The shnr.tinR Bray before wo knew his case, Th* indecent haate with which we Piayfotd sent; In truth it was a very awkward fix. KINGSTON (irritabl;)— Oh! shut up. Cockburn, keep an upper lip As stiff as mine, and leave the rest to me. COCKBCRN— All very well; but 'spose they cut up rough, And raiie a question which is hard to meet? KINGSTON (blithely)— Good Cockburn, don't you f<et yourself. That Play ford business 1 will quickly fix; The unemployed have been for me a chance To prove my firm new and my fearlessness. K en Jet them growl. I'll bet a case of fit I get great kudos for that episode. MINISTERS all— Hear'n prantit «o, for 'tis a ticklish time; But if a Premier can pull us through 'lis Charley K. He batU the mind and will; Unblushing che^k is his, and also " front" Josiah Flint, in a racy article, "The Tramp at Home," published in the February number of "St. Nicholas,'*pays a pretty tribute to the well-known kindheartedoess and hospitality of the Germans in America. He reUtes hii experiences as an. amateur tramp, and say* of a day'* doing* :-" My fifth oall was at the hotise of a German -woman who claimed that she had fed bqggart in the fatherland. She invited me in, placed a nioe warm breakfast before me, and "then we began a conversation in German abont lite, labour, and beggars. She was sorry for me, and said - that I looked too young to be a beggar. I -told her my tale. It wag one of those stories, in - which the ghost of a truth still lingers—such as tramps know ao well how to telL I .shall never know exactly bowtnuch of .it. She believed, as what she' thought) of, me, as I told her that I was am. outcast of a kochaoklgeboren family in Germtiiy. I know,' however, that she w*s sympathetic, -r and she took me in whether she did-the same with my romance or not. Like too many of her countrymen ..the was too kiBdhearted. The Germans in America are the bast friends that the tramps have, and I have never known one to refuse a hungry appeal. That is just as true of the Germans in Sonth Australia. I do not wish to put our long-suffering Government to any moreexnense than is absolutely necessary, writes Hugh Kalyptus, but they, really must get an interpreter of sling or "English as she is spoke" in West Adelaide and thereabouts. As most of the difficulty comes from the Premier's own'district, perhaps he will move in the matter. Neither the Chief Justice, the Grown Solicitor, nor the Sheriff pretend to be linguists, and the classical language of Lightsquare and its environs fairly flabbergasts them when it is .used in Gourt. On Wednesday one witness, in a oaie of robbery from the person, informed the Court that the prisoner said he had " ratted a bloko, 9 and when asked to reader it into everyday English he appeared to lose muohof his veneration for the learned exponents of the law, -but pitying their orass ignorance, he condescended to explain. This of course failed to enlighten the uninitiated, and, muoh to his disgust, he had to bring. himself down to the level - vf - the judicial mind. In future law examination's it should be made imperative that the candidate for.-thqriBar— with the possibility of the Bench befoife him— should psss in. slang, and a "Slang Dictionary" ought to be included in the Law Idbraiy. , When a witness describes a robbeiythu*:—. "I teen a cove come along, when a bloke a* ' was chyaokisg-him fetched himaoneron:the nut, and another chap as warn-with thefirrt card giveshim a lift in the nmg. aniThe.flops; then the bloke anavelled his apondulix isi ticker, when a copper shows rip, %ed the throe blokes sloped" it wants an interpreter.' This is comparatively intelligible slang, but sometimes the terms used requires a long acquaintance with the tribe of $j)ies. \- ' I have IHSD -shown by E-Tanqy, of. MarryatTille, a weU^irtwrved printed document of the, early pioneering days of. South Australia before theOity of Adelaide beoame an aoacnnpluh&d; fact. It is a petition printed at Glanelg on. February 2, 1837, by Robert Thomas, as Government Printer, and prays the'Governor to oall a publicineetihg of the landholders, their representatives, and other persons interested, to take into consideration the propriety of the Bite proposed for the situation of the capital of the colony. This is signed by E. Stephens, juh., T. Be ires Strangways, Bingham ' Hutch ens, A. I\\. Lindsay, John Hallatt, O. G. Everard, W. Howard, and W. Malcolm. Sow this recalls the early rows that worried Colonel Light— who has not yet got* statue to his memory— in tbose days, when almost every oaeliad bit Dwn idea of where the future City "of Church e» should be I It was fortunate for us of the later generation fluit the clear-headed first surveyor, who fixed th? site, had -the courage o£ his conviction*,. and felt so confident thai) posterity would endorse his judgment -as it has most emphatically. Could thbee signatories be confronted now with that petition, rflspeotfully .worded, what sort of expression would their faces wear? Oh, wdruldc't I like to be present and hear what thfcy thought of the matter now. Burnsdid not surrey the Bite of Adelaide nor did he plan a (ingle bmldine. •'' 1 don't think he was ever hare. . Sat lie has got a statue, and Oolonel Light, to whom we owe: BO much, has only a orumbly monument which wants whitewashing every year. Colonel Light's memory, however, is cherished in the hearts of the descendants of those rebellious pioneers of 1837. "Very likely if a statue of him were ereoted some fellow would be writing to the Begitier to prove that (1) Colonel Light never laid out Adelaide; (2) that he was not in existence at the time, and never was bora; ^3) that the site was originally seleoted by Tommy Walker; andlastly that Tommy Walker wae in gaol at the time aad knew nothiag of-the matter. 