SHROUDED IN MYSTERY ^ ' OR WHIOH GIRL DID HE MARRY? BY SKIFP BOELASE, Author of " For True Love's Sake," "Three Lovely Women," " Darker than Death," " An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riches Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?" The Police Minister," &o.; CHAPTER VII. THE WEDDING EBBAKFAST AND ITS EEJIAEKABLB INTERRUPTION. Rose Radcliffe, now Lady Howartb, returned to the lone house in tbe Wood leaning upon her husband's arm instead of her father's, but more than onoe during the journey, brief though it was, she exhibited such unaccountable agitation that Sir Harry Howarth gazed at her enquiringly, and at last was even prompted to whisper in her ear, and in a tone not altogether devoid of either suspicion or jealousy, and perhaps even containing a spice of both— "I trtiBt, my darling, that you feel no regret at the step which you have just taken? I will never give you any just cause for regret, at any rate." Rose replied just as a bride might have been expected to reply to suoh a speech, and the baronet was for the time even mors than oontented. But the lovely girl had, ii%point of fact, heard a fragment of gossip whilst coming through the Churchyard that, strange to say, had caused her a most painful uneasiness, and now, glancing at her husband's face whilst the bright April sun was streaming full upon it, she was fairly astonished at the excessive blueness of his closely-shaven jaws and chin. This helped to terrify her also, for she remembered the words whioh Rnth had spoken concerning Sir Harry Howarth the preceding night, and, in addition to its being a period when educated and uneducated were alike steeped to the very lips in superstition, the grim story of " Bluebeard" had just come into favour, not as a nursery tale, but for adult reading and entertainment. There were thousands ef young ladies in those days, and old ones too for that matter, who believed that everything that appeared in print must be true, or at all events founded on truth, and this notwithstanding that Samuel Riohardson had already given his (I Pamela" P.IM.1." O.T, and A '' Clarissa," NIN.MMQ" to in the world, WAKIII and U J Fielding his Tom Jones" and "Joseph Andrews." Rose therefore pleasantly said, in a playful way, and partly as an exouee, perhaps, for her strange manner— "I hope, Sir Harry, that if you permitted your beard to grow, it would not be a blue one?" She expeoted a laughing reply, and snoh a one would have reassured her, but on the oontrary, the baronet answered ia irritable tones— " Stuff and nonsense ! What oould hare put so silly an idea into your head ?" Rose was piqued now into saying something equally uncourteous by way of retort. It took the form of— " Wel^ the idea oame into my bead becanse your chin IB really BO very blue; and as you were a widower it for the first time struck me that your beard, if you had one, would be of tbe same colour, and that then it might be a bad outlook for your second wife, as it had most probably been for your first." "For heaven's sake don't take such a notion into your head, or ever refer to the Bubjeot again'" exclaimed the baronet, in an excited half whisper; and then he added, "Let the dead past bury its dead, and let us think only of a bright and happy future. Bluebeard is only an idlet ale, and all black beards give a blue chin after much shaving." Somehow neither his answer nor his manner waB reassuring, and there was a frightened look about his face, the face of a proved gallant soldier, that his newly-made bride could not at all aooount for. She made him no answer—she, indeed, found it impossible to do so, and in most uncomfortable silenoe the remainder of the homeward journey was performed. A really superb wedding breakfast was found spread in the dark oak-panelled dining-room, to which the entire party soon sat down and proceeded to do ample justice, notwithstanding that the apartment was a sombre and dismal one, and the little wood whioh gave its name to the house grew np almoBt against the diamond paned Tudor-shaped window. Mr. Radcliffe, having come at last to the melancholy conclusion that in any oase he would be too late to join the hounds in Marland Wood, made up his mind to make the best of a bad bargain, and see if muoh eating and drinking would not compensate in some measure for the want of some hard riding. He was more amiable than it was his wont to be therefore, whilst the bridegroom appeared to have entirely recovered his composure and wonted spirits. Indeed the saddest face present was that of the bride, and this was all the more apparent because she made such desperate and continuous efforts to appear that whioh she very evidently was not—h^ppy and at her ease. Her every action betokened the extreme of nervousness, which seemed sometimes to mergeTnto positive terror. "She's thinking of the boggart that shell soon have to live under the sam6 roof with, poor thing," whispered one bridesmaid to another. - " If the boggart gave me any trouble I'd set the old Hall on fire and burn it right down, so that my husband should be obliged to provide me with another dwelling," was the response. There was a great deal of this low whispered conversation oarried on, and all hilarity soon became conspicuous owing to its entire absenoe, when suddenly the best man rose to propose the health of the bride and bridegroom, and after a brief speech there was a great filling of glasses and raising them to lips, but all in an instant the bride exclaimed, "Great God, he lives! He is there!" and with a piercing scream let fall her glass of wine upen the table, and then dropped to the floor in a swoon. Of course every eye had followed the direo- \- tion of her horrified glare rather than startled glance, and a few of them were quick enough to catch a momentary.glimpse of a white evillooking faoe pressed right up against the window and gazing keenly and sorutinisingly into the room. But in a moment almost it was gone, and naught could be seen but the wood - just bursting into spring leaf, or heard but tbe linnets' and goldfinohes' song as they hopped from spray to spray therein. For a brief while everything^was even more still witbin the room than in the grove without, for the bride lay upon the carpet beside her overturned chair, as though she were dead, and the bridesmaids and the almost distracted mother sedulously waited on her, spoaking to eaoh other the while with bated breath. This state of things, however, only lasted as long as it has taken us to desoriba them, for then choleric John Radcliffe, who hadn't been able to give tongue before because his rage and indignation (he being of an apopleotic turn) had almost chocked him, exclaimed, "That ccoundrel Haloamus, or his ghost!" and kicking his chair backwards he drew his sword and rushed out of the room and house, speedily followed by the bridegroom and half a dozen more of the gentlemen guests. Mr. Radcliffe seemed to be very much annoyed by the reinforcements, and spluttered out something, of which the only words distinguishable were, " Ob, go to the Devil !" Thereupon Sir Harry Howarth rejoined that it was " A husband's business every bit aB much as a father's, and he'd be banged (something or other) if he could make out Rose's conduct at all." This extraoted another unintelligible splutter from Radcliffe, who began to run around tree trunks and to probe the nndergrowth with his drawn sword in a perfectly frantio manner, swearing the while, as choleric gentlemen of the period were prone to do, though the wioked and disgusting habit has long sinoe gond out of fashion. Sir Harry Howartb, who was a stern, proud man, was every whit as much nettled at what had happened as Mr. Radcliffe, for he hated scandal in every form, and in his mind's eye be beheld a luxuriant crop of it growing out of what had just occurred. He therefore joined in the hunt for the Paul Pry who had peered in through the window with aB much ardour as even Mr. Radcliffe, and as the wood and the orohard as well were of diminutive size, the half dozen searchers had soon explored them thoroughly and got into the little dell from whence rose the steep bare hill that was topped by the parish ohuroh and the high gabled, thatched roofed, qnaint chimney-stacked vicarage, begirt by its high mossy walls. Built seemingly against the very base of the hill were a oouple of humble cottages, and Mr. Raicliffe at onoe took it into his head that the individual whom they were in search of had been afforded shelter in one of tbem. For a gentleman to knook at a poor man'e, or even a tradesman's door, when he wanted admission to his house, would have been laughed at as a most superfluous act of politeness at the period with which we are dealing, so Mr. Radcliffe just turned round to explain to h'S companions, " It's that Methody grocer fellow Heape's place," and then he kicked the door open and strode into the cottage, where they discovered a white-haired venerablelooking man seated at the table with a large Bible lying open before him, whioh he was so attentively perusing that it seemed ae though he had never heard the party enter. *' It'e that turbulent heretic and truculent schismatic and disturber of the King's peace, John Wesley. They gave him and his canting host a good sup of rotten eggs and dead cats at Milnrow the other night, and by (here came in a tremendous oath} if I'd not other , fish to fry I'd feel a keen delight in reading , him a sterner lesson still." , -'v: Mr. Radcliffe mattered this into tne earor his newly created son-in-law, who, being-ao: bigot, warmly rejoined. _ ' . " . " Nonsense, man, a pious NonoonformistU at all events more worthy of honour than a sporting parson who refuses to turn and* to ; baptise a dying child lest he should miss felling in with the hounds. If dissent ever makes headway against the Churoh it will be the Ohuroh's own fault." • - ' 1 Having thus "shut John Rtdoliffenp," *« * that individual would himself have expressed ' it, and with an ease and promptitude whioh any one but his superior in social rank woqraj have found impossible, Sir Harry Howarth turned to the solitary occupant of the cottage who, having oome to tbe end of the sacred ohapter, for the firat time looked np/andaaid^ courteously :— " Pardon our abrupt intrusion upon your privacy, reverend sir, but we were ia pursuit" of a-a-a trespasser—or worse—and fancied: that he had taken Tefuge here, else we had fkflt entered so hurriedly." " There is no one here but myself, and* my 1 host's old's servant Tabitha Higgins, answered ' John Wesley rising to his feet, and bovioglph a quiet and dignified manner. Then be , with a smile, surely, «en- ; tlemen, you must be is pursuit of * very desperate oharaoter that so many swords an >. drawn to take him." ' .. ^ • Something there was is the calnt jet : oontemptuou* tone whioh caused every weapon -, except Mr, Radcliffe'* to be immediately ; sheathed, but that burly individual retorted with an oath, " Dem'ee, sir, the sword is iheg gentleman's weapon, and what should a knave : like thee know about it?" • • •' Bat before he could add more his oompa-. nions had led him by force out of the oottage,' and olosed the door thereof in their jraaiv. WR Harry . Howarth saying direotly tbey wereall outside, "I am quite content with Hr. : . Wesley's assurance that our nan isn't there, so whither nfext?" „ ' - * j"r But Mr. Radoliffe was so annoyed at this courtesy towards and this relying on jtha wom| of a " Methody" (be considered himsdf 'tobs a very pillar of the Established Chnroh/. though he scarcely ever attended its from year's end to year's end) that he;tn have the other cottages visited at aU, strode straight back to the house; snorting and sniffing as he went, as it was his invariable onstom to do when more than usually put out or exoited. '•• — • •• 