THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER VYY "FOR IS NOT GOD ALL-UIGHTYV' Brandon Mountford had been lying in his quiet grave at Kotheeay for some weeks when the yacht which should have carried him to summer shares was ready to leave the shipbuilder's yard ; and it seemed to Lady Dunluce that there could be no more useless toy than the boat which she had built for his sake, and which his eyes had never looked upon. All John Coverdale's powers of persuasion were needed to awaken her from the apathy of grief into which she had sunk, and to induce ber to start on a oruiee for her own benefit— bnt, warmly seconded by Cora, his arguments finally prevailed, and before the spring was over the Ksperance was sailing southward with Lady Dunla je, Cora, and Lady Selina, and two young cousins naval and militaiy, bj way of escort. The spinster auut had swooped down from a great house in the North Riding, where ehe had been making a very long visit to one of ber wealthiest nieoes, a lady with a luge heart and a populous nursery, and with whom -Annt Selina was an esteemed authority upon all juvenile ailmentB. Life on board tbe Eeperaacs afforded a pleasant relief from the atmosphere of measles, whooping cough, and humdrum country people at Waddingly Park, and Lady Selina resigned fcerafeif to tbe loss of a London season — thereby putting money in her purse — while ehe enjoyed che dolce far nwnte in Sioilian waters, or in the Greek Archipelago. And so the spring months passed away, and in June Lady L/unluoe acd ber party landed at Genoa, leaving the yacht to go round to Marseille* in charge of tbe naval OOUBIU, to be berthed there till her nest cruise, and the three ladies settled quietly at Bell&gio; till the end of the month, when Lady Selina went back to England, aud 6ibyl and Cora moved northward to the Tyrol for July, August, and September, only returning to Cumberland w .October. Tbea came the long quiet winter, with friends fit and few, and for their most frequent visitor John Coverdale, from his cure of souls at Workington, where he wan d <icg good service among a crowded mining population. it was a comfort both to Sibyl and Cora in those quiet days of autumn aud early winter to know that Hubert Urquhart was not living at Dunlnce Castle. He had indeed been there very littlesincehecame into bis estate. He was cot popular in the neighbourhood : and he had frankly expressed his n&trea; of pluce and people. He had spent the winter atter hie brother's death at Monte Carlo, where he achieved ail he desired of fame by his success iu pigeon-nhootiug — and the society papers reported that he was at Monte Curio this winter, also that he had been laid up in Paris (Turing the whole of November, and Had beeu operated upon by a famous French surgeon, thonature of the operation not being stated. A iotter from Lady Selina, who had been dissipating in the brief gaieties of a MiwembM eeason. Informed her niepe that Lord Dunluce had been suffering from a tumour on the fact*, which was likely to cause life-long disfigurement, and the people at Monte Carlo found bim very much altered from last Bsspon. An enquiry at the Oastle, made personally by Mr. Oriebar. confirmed this account. His lordship had been very ill, and waa still an invalid. He was expeoted to spend the rest of the winter at Monte Carlo, where be bad taken a E-mail villa near the Casino. "'He is your father, Cora, and you may consider it your duty to go to bim in his affliction, "Sibyl said gravely, when she and Cora had heard Mr. Orlebai's report. " He is my father; but I recognise no duty where he ia concerned—except the duty of silence," Cora answered, with a lookBO grave and resolute that Lady Dunluce felt tbat there was no more.to be said. She knew enough of Coralie Urquhart by this time to know tbat the girl was not hearties), and that ber repudiation of all filial duty tnunt needs be baeed- upon some sufficient reason. There was nothing flippant or reckless iu the daughter's manner. She dismissed tbe subject sternly with solemn decision of purpose, as a Roman daughter might have done. Brooding over tbe girl's conduct, Sibyl Dunluce arrived at the conclusion tbat Cora had summed up the story of Mary Arnold's death, and believed ber father to be the murderer. Some cause as grave and as terrible would alone justify her line of Conduct. It was a shock for the nerve? of both women when they heard e&rly; in the year that Lord Dunluce was at the Castle. He had been brought there marked for death. Mr. Dewsuap told Lady Duulaoe one afternoon early in March, when they met beside a cottager's sick bed about a week after the Karl's return. "Is the case really hop&leee;?" she asked. " I fear so. All that i-urgary can do for him has been done in Paris and here. The last word has been Baid. I »aw him this morning. I fee him three or four times a day, but there is nothing for me to do except regulate the amount of morphia that is eiven to him. He ban excellent nurses. Dr. Sanders comes from [Edinburgh everv third day ; but soience ran do no more for him, and the only hope of rest and relief is the inevitable end of all things. Life can be nothing but a burden to him, yet he clings to life with a!mo«t frantic inten*ity." " Has ha over spoken to you of his daughter?" Lady Dunluce asked when she and the doctor had leff the oottage, and were walking along the village street together. " No. The greater part of his days and nights are spent under the tcfluenre of narcofc'cs, and the realities of life outside his own room affect him very little. He asks fcr no friend, cares very little who waits upon him, values his nurres for thc-ir skill and nothing else. He told me this morning that thfire was a time when he wanted fresh young faces about him—pretty faces for choioe—but that now he would have Gordons to wait upon him if the Gorgons were even a shade cleverer nurses than the pretty young women. He is very often in a state of semi-delirium, and enacts hideous tragedies in a kind of waking dream— a common symptom when the brain is steeped in morphia." " Unhappy creature I Then there is no hope for bim ? He must die." "He must die. And in bis case no one oan regret the inevitable end, since it is the only possible release from suffering." Sibyl wrote an account of this interview ina letter to John Coverdale. " Pray go to him, and if you can turn his thoughts to God, and persuade him to confess his sinB it will be one more good work done," she wrote. Her desire was obeyed, and it was not possible for a Christian priest to approach tbe bed of suffering with more kindliness and discretion than marked John Coverdale's visit to Lord Dunluce. The two men had met in the past, and Mr. Coverdale entered the sick room as a friend; but here friendliness was of no avail. The Bufferer treated him with savage insolence and ordered him out of tbe room. " I know your craft." he muttered. " You sneak to my bedside under tbe guise of friendship—a man with whom I never had one thought or feeling in common, and presently you will bring a little biaok book out of your pocket, and drop on your knees and pray me into worse horrors than those I suffer now. I don't want you or your mumbo jumbo, your Abracadabra. Go to your scarving miners, and wash your wornout jargon down their throats with soup and wine—they'll swallow one thing with the other—but don't come here. Johnstone, show tbat gentleman the door, and if that won't do throw hun downstairs. I've no use for him here." He laughed a hoarse and spasmodic laugh at the American slang which closed his speech. His eyes were deeply sunk in the wasted face. Forehead and oheek were livid, and all the lower part of the face was hidden by bandages. LazArus ooming out of the tomb was the image which flashed into John Coverdale's mind ae he looked in sorrowful reproaoh at tbat dreadful faoe, a wicked Lazarus with malignity burning in those sunken eyes—a Lazarus summoned, not out of the grave's dreamless slumber, but out of hell-fire. Mr. Coverdale told Lady Dunluce that his visit _ had been ineffectual, but be told her nothing more. He would net sadden her by any description of that bed of doom. "It needs something higher than human influenoe to touch that hardened heart," he said. " We oan but leave the sinner to his God. The only death-bed repentance that is not a sham and a mockery is the repentance that oomes from within — sot from without. The sinner may find God in his own heart even after he has mooked at Christ's message from the lips of the priest. It was more than a week after this when a letter was brought to Lady Dnnlnoe, sitting alone in the March twilight. Tbe note had beenjdelivered by a groomfromDunluceCaotle, who was to wait for her ladyship's answer before he rode back. She told the servant to return in a few minutes, when her answer would be ready, and then she went to the window to read her letter by tbe fading daylight, while the footman lighted the lamp on her writing table. Tbe envelope was addressed in a strange hand, tbe letter wae written in penoil. and except tbat it was on thick vellum paper headed with the Castle address it was almost as uncanny a scrawl as that whioh the ragged messenger threw into ber lap on the moor. "The doctors tell me my end is near. You have suspeoted and hated me for the laBt twelve years. It may gratify you to know that you had reason. Come and hear my full cunfession, and if you want to hear it oome at once. My life is like a thin little flame in a spirit lamp—sustained by strong stimulants, and will soon vanish into darkness. Don't be afraid that you will hear the puling and whimpering of a death-bed repentance. I believe in neither pardon nor pity. I die the victim of an inexorable scheme of Creation, which includes the horrors of diseases that torture and kill, damnable maladies whioh no human skill can cure. Do you think that any man, doomed as I am doomed, is likely to go out of this life listening to twaddle about Divine beneficence ?" " I shall be with yon as soon as my carriage can bring me." These words were written hastily, and thrust into an envelope as the servant re-entered the room to receive Lady Dunluce's order for her coachman. Tbe light phaeton, with a pair of horses, was to be got ready immediately. "Lady Cora has not come in yet, leap, pose?" "No, my lady." " When she comes, be sure she is told that I have been sent for to the Castle. She is not to wait dinner." Cora, who had taken very kindly to riding since she came to Ellerslie, and who had been mounted in the best style by her aunt's liberal care, was out with tbe hounds. Cora was a success in the hunting field, where light hands, a neat waist, and indomitable pluck," tempered with common sense, scored almost as high as a handsome faoe. Beauty blundering over a hound, or beauty getting in the way at a gate is not altogether precious to tbe sportsman, The deep shadow of night was round the gaunt) grey fortress, the darker shadow of de&'h was in the room, when Sibyl Dunluce approached the sick bed, and seated herself silently in the place which the nuree indicated—a large armchair at the head of tbe bed, beside those heaped up pillows from which the ghastly face looked out, white as the linen with which it was bandaged, pinched by the invisible band which had set its mark upon every feature. " Leave me alone with Lady Dunluce." The-voice was hollow and muffled, utterly changed from the metallic hardness of Hubert Urquhart's enunciation. The two white-capped nurses vanished through a curtained door tbat opened into Lord Dunluce's dressing-room—where all the paraphernalia ot the sportsman's toilet had beeu eveps a^&y; to give space for the &Dparatusof; sioknets—kettles, and saucepans, and Bpirit lamps, new inventions for comfort or relief, extravagant in price and infinitesimal in value to the sufferer—oontrivacces tried once, perhaps, and never tried again—the dreary details in the history of failure which ia being realized—the failure before which the physician ofrns himself an experimentalist, and the surgeon confesses tbat his uimost skill can only postpone the inevitable end. Hubert Urquhart looked at his brother's widow with a cynical smile—a smile on lips contracted by pain. "I thought my letter would fgtcb you," ho said. " You have come to see God's judgment upon a sinner. You remember how (ierod the king was eaten of worms and gave up the ghost—an example of God's judgment, swift and sharp—a ready money vengeance. And you think that this foul leprosy which is killing me is God's judgment upon murder. Bo»h, Lidy Dunluce. Clerical epuS»! There are good men and women all over the *-'ovtxi doomed just as I am doomed—with pain as lingering—with a fate as hopeless—Christians of purest water, shining lights in the darkness of thia world—suffering just as I suffer. When you and such as you talk of them you give your (r r jd praise for the blessed example of their affliction, and recognise the ineffable wifdom that tortures and kills. Yon see me stricken down and you exalt God the Avenger. You see no inconsistency'in the hand that strikes the wolves and lambs with tbe same rod. Come, own that your heart burns with triumph at seeing this living wreck which I still call ME. A few hours hence the undertakers will be talking of IT." " I am as sorry for you as I oan be, remembering what Brandon Mountford suffered." " He suffered—why, his life was a life of ease and comfort—his ten dull vears were no worse than one dull afternoon — measured acainst what I have suffered in the last six months. Don't waste your pity upon an epileptic, whose convulsions may be ugly to look at. but leave no memory, inflict no pam upon tbe patient. He suffer I Keep your pity for the man tortured consciousness no narcotic can annihilate—whose sleep has been peopled and epua out into seeming eternity by dreams'of indescribable horror. And where do you think those dreams took me. Lady Dunluce—what do you suppose was the almost 'invariable background of those hideous phantasies I" "The wood where you killed Marie Arnold?" she answered, ber eyes looking into his, as he sat up in the bed, grssping her hand with his clammy fingers, and bringing his bandaged face near herE, 60 that she might hear, the feeble voice. " You are good at guessing. Yes, that is the place where the morphia fiend leads me. He takes me by the band—a little black devil with a moolcinggrin—his skinny hand clutches mine, and he drags me to tbe wood ; and sbe is there—lovely and cruel as she was that evenia.-—in the golden sunset. Oh, God, how benutiful her eyes were wish that golden lieht reflected in their velvet darkness. How cold, how cruel. Suoh bitter soathing words— hatred of me—love of your lover—hatred that turned to loathing when I drew her to my breast, and kissed her reluctant lips, and tried to make her uuderetand that passionate love like mine was to be valued or to be feared ; that if ehe would not have me for her husbaud, and take her chaDce of my doing well in life, aud malting a great lady of her, 1 would be revenged on her somehow. A love like mine was not to be trifled with any more than raging fire. But Bhe was so bold, and so proud. .She ftune me off with her stronp young arms. She laughed at my passion and my threats. She accused me of only wanting Sir Joseph's mouey—not really caring for her. She was so strong, such a grand creature in her strength and beauty. And I had a knife in my breast pocket—Mount-ford's knife which I had borrowed a day or two before—and clutohintc at my breast, beside myself with passion, I felt the knife, and remembered that it was there. You can guess the rest. You may remember that I was late for dinner, but that I sat down with you and your father, and was wanting in no observance of a gentle- man. It was not tOl a long time afterward that you began to suspect me." Sibyl heard him in silence, and remained silent now when tbe bloodless fingers loosened from her band, and he sank baok among the pillows, exhausted by the most sustained effort tbat be had made for a long time. His breath oame and went in hoarse pantings, his wan hands moved restlessly upon the ooverlet, and those haggard bloodshot eyes rolled wildly in their orbits as he looked at Sibyl's white agonized face. " Have you nothing to say ?" he gasped at length. " Nothing. God help you in this dark end of your wicked life." " Y ou are not surprised at my confession ?" " No, no. I knew you were the murderer, I have been convinced of that for a long time. You broke my father's heart; shortened his life. You spoilt Brandon's life and mine. And your victim, that young bright life, there never wad a crueller murder. What good can I do here? Pray to God for pardon. What I think or feel oan matter nothing to yon. You can restore nothing, undo nothing." " No; the past is past. I cannot) bring Marie Arnold back no life. I would have given twenty years of my life to undo that— twenty years, did I say?—I would have given all that was left of my life for one day with her—to die, knowing that I had not killed ber—that the murder in the wood was only a hideous dream. Call the nurse. It is time for my morphia. The pain, the racking pain, is beginning. I must have my dose. And then the morphia fiend will take me by the band and lead me under the fir trees, treading the paths where oar footsteps have no sound on the fir needles, and I shall see her again in her white eowu, with the crimson gash across her throat." The nurses came, quiet, prompt, with quick movements of Bkilful hands—one on eaoh side of the bed, one sustaining the patient while the other administered the narcotic. Sibyl Bank on her knees at tbe foot of the bed, and with bent brow and covered faoe breathed a brief prayer for Cod's mercy to a dying sinner; then nodded a silent good-night to the nurses and stole softly from the room. Those trained hands had rearranged the disordered pillows, had placed the sufferer's bead in an easier position, had smoothed the silken coverlet, laying it lightly over the wasted frame, and the morphia was already at work, tranquillizing the limbs, creeping through the labyrinth of the brain, giving respite from bodily tortnre, but bringing with it dreams tbat raaked the mind. In all Hubert Urquhart's defiant confession of past guilt there bad been no word of a still darker crime, a crime planned in cold blood, thought out, and slowly resolved upon, carried out with unwavering craft and purpose, and with aa little compunction as the hunter feels for the agonieB of a noble beast tracked across the wilderness, watched and waited for, and slain without mercy. Of that orime, which Coralie knew, not one word had escaped tbe murderer on his death-bed; and the daughter's knowledge of that dreadfnl secret remained unshared and unsuspected. Lord Dunluce lingered for more than a week after his interview with Sibyl; but those last days and eights were one long morphia sleep, and an almost unbroken pilgrimage through the dark labyrinth of hideous memories. The skill and the care of doctors and nurses were employed to keep him alive when nature would have let him die, and to reduce life to unconsciousness throughout those extra hours wrested from death. At last the end came—only a sinking deeper into that morphia darkness—only the fall of death's curtain on those distorted memories of past sin. A gentlemanlike vulture in the shape of an undertaker came post-haste from Carlisle and took possession of that which had been Hubert, eighth earl of Dunluce. There was a stately funeral, an earl's coronet upon a velvet coffin, an open hearse like a triumphal car, with eix bleek horses tossing their Flemish beads, and curving their heavy flemish necks, and all the neighbouring gentry sent their empty carriages to express respect for a man who had been universally disliked, and whose rare occupation of the Castle had been regarded —except by the local tradespeople—as a meraiful dispensation. The distant cousin who succeeded to the title and entailed estates . was an elderly gentleman of unblemished respectability, with a large family of eons and daughters, tbe sons sporting, the daughters plain, pious, and hopelessly unfashionable; just the sort of people to Bpend ten montbs of the year at the Castle, and to furniBh an eldest eon who would stand for that divisioil of the county, and protect local interests in tbe stress and storm of the Imperial Parliament. The new Earl and bis family were aware how mnch of their property they owed to tbe Dowager Lady Dunluce, and tbey took pains to cultivate ber friendship aud to be civil to Lady Coralie Urquhart, wbo had been so unacountably estranged from ber father. POSTSCRIPT. What remains to be told of Sibyl's life History : a-tiuihn jin <jf -qureTT WUiOWliltUtT, in spite of the pleading of a devoted lover; and then, on a grey morning at the beginning of the year the quietest of weddings in the parish Church at Ardliston. Husband and wife driving to tbe station in time for the London express on th<S first stage of their journey to Rome—to that city of Churches, where it is John Coverdale's delight to expound ecclesiastical history written in all tta&t; there is of architectural grandeur, from the grey antiquity of S. Clemente to the granite nave and modem mosaics in the mighty basilica which commemorates the martyrdom of St Paul. An Italian honeymoon whioh seems only too brief lit that lovely land ; and then Mr. Coverdale and hiB wite return to Eng'lanS, be to resume the burden of duty— not among the miners of Worsingtou, but in a papulous and wealthy centre in the East Hiding, where the fine old Church is only a little less than a cathedral in spaciousness and beauty ; a cure which has been always held by a Churuhman of mark, and has been always regarded as the prelude to higher dignities. John Govardaie has made himself known as a fine preachsr and an indefatigable worker—a preacher with the philosophical breadth of Liddon and the magnetic personality of Frederick Robertson; a prsaoher who had been able to beguile the rough miners from their Sabbath luxury of shirt-sleeves and laziness, dog-iipbts and rat-catching, and to hold them spellbound by hiB impassioned appeals to tbat best tide of human thought aud feeling which will always answer to him who knotvs how to call. The man whom Coralie described as cold, precise, and priggish has shown himself gifted with tbe finest qualities of preacher and priest, and he is warmly welcomed to the great Yorkshire town by all the bast aud most cultivated asicngst the community. Difficulties and difi»en?ions will arise doubtless in some quarters, for John Coverdale has a strong hand in the reform of old abuses, and is one of those men of whom it is said that tiiey will have their own way; but his way iB a good way, aud his influence ia a good influence for all in his parish, most of all for the poor, and for those ivho most need the awakening call, thestringec;, -yet tender hand leading them to the fold. In this busy centre Sibyl learns to know and understand new phases of life. She finds herself no louder iu a small community, where one tnas's weafth can achieve wonders of order and (irosperily, and one man's influence can ehape ail thing's to his liking, but in the thiok of the bitter battle, among revolts and conspiracies of labour against capital, and the evictions and injustices of capital against labour; the contest of strength with strength; the appeals to publio opinion; the power, sometimes reckless and iat&l;, sometimes wise and beneficent, of a free Press; the heat and strife of politics. Here she must live through seasons of fear and sadnet-s, the terrors of a fever-strickou town, the alternations of looal prosperity, good times, and bad times, the coliap»e ol Kreat enterprises, the ruin of great commercial bouses that have been ranked among the wealthiest. Here she has to learn the lesson of life in all its stern reality, and here she has to discover how little her wealth can do where needs are so constant and so manifold. That her fortune and her lifelabour are used for the help of tbe suffering, for the reclamation of the lost, none who aver knew her could doubt. " My aunt is a saint," said Cora, perched daintily on her hunting saddle. Bitting iu a sheltered corner wa'iting for the fox to break oover, and chatting cheerily with a group of admirerH. " My suntlivsB only to do good to other people, aud Ehe could not have done better than marry Mr, Coverdale, wbo is a remarkable man, and would have made au admirable Pops in the days when Popes did a Kreat deal more good or a great deal more harm in the world than they can do now." Coralie has no lack of admirers in these latter riayE. She is 110 Ioneer Coralie Urquhart, for Mr. Stephen Hildrop, of Bildrop Granee, near Workington, has allowed himself to fall a victim to her sharp toDpue, neat ficure, light hands, and good seat, and meeting and coaversi:5£ with her throuph a couplo of seasons mnuuted on all that is handsomest in three-quarter bred hunfrrs, has -come gradually "to believe that Cora is as go->dlookiuu; aa her horses, and has made her mistress of him»£lf ard his estate. Lady Ccralie Hilarnp gives hunting breakfa»t», has s furnished house in M&yfair; for the season, pjo^s everywhere, is liked by a (rood many people, and feared by the rest; is mundane to thatips of her Sneers, an affectionate wife, a good friend, a bitter enemy, and utterly without mercy for any pretty womrt-n wbo misbehave? herself. TKE END. 