11111 SIliANGE STOll-Y OF GHOST ISLAND. 13y \\\\. L. Alden, in St James Dujjckt. ' 1 heard a chap lecturing one nigh' at tlie bailors' Home iu Sydney, who said that there was no more land to ho discovered, and Lliat every blessed island in tho Pacilic had been sighted by somebody and marked on the Admiralty chart. If that chap had gone to sea instead of going to tho university, he would never have made such ;i. ridiculous mistake. 'Wliv, according to my reckoning there's hundreds of islands in the Pacific that no white man has ever seen. If you look at it you will see that it stands to reason that this is so. Vessels trading in the Pacific take their regular courses. Leaving out the island traders —and oven th'.-y never go out of the regular track— the rest of the vessels navigating the Pacific keep to the leg i liar routes and never dream of knocking about here and there to sec what they can find. There arc thou sands of iniles here and there in the Pacific where no vessel ever comes, and what's to prevent there being hundreds of islands that white men have never seen Why, I helped to discover an island myself, through being east awav on it, which no man ever saw before or since. When I tell yon tliiit this island was inhabited entirely by gliosis, you may perhaps believe me, having been a seafaring man yourself ; but if 1 was to tell the cold truth about it to any ordinary landsman, he'd tell me that cither I was a hloomin' liar or a bloomin' j lunatic. Some day that island will be 1 discovered again, and its position found ; and then you'll know, if you're - living at the time, whether I'm speak- j ing the truth or not. ; 1 was a young fellow in those days, j not more than eighteen, or maybe ' nineteen, and 1 was before tbe mast in 1 a trading schooner out of Sydney, f There were six of us, all told, in the f fo'c'sle, besides a captain, a mate, and ( a cabin-buy. 1 don't count the cook, for he was a Chinaman ; and if you 1 had to eat what he cooked you 1 wouldn't have counted liini either. 1 f had shipped as ordinary seaman, and c the schooner being a fairly comfort- -? able one, and the woik light and the i grub good, 1 didn't, care where we - went or bow long the cruise lasted, c You see 1 was young, and that was the i reason why I was contented. The i1 older a mail grows the more it takes 1 to content liini. I don't doubt but that Melluisaleni and those old chaps i who lived a thousand or two years t grumbled every blessed minute tlicy t were awake. Nothing less than the s whole earth and all the whisky on it I would have contented them. 'Whereas c a young fellow, with threepence-worth 1 of tobacco aud a half-pint of anything s that is fairly good to drink', will be as I happy as tlicy make 'em. t 1 don't know where we went that d cruise, barring (hat after we had been about six weeks out of port we were v in siyht of the Fiji Islands. Wc didn't h touch there, however, and four days n afterwards we lost the schooner. AVe y were jogging along one pleasant night, r with nobody awake except the man at n the wheel, and perhaps the man on c the look-out — though the chances v were that he was caulking somewhere, h according to the usual custom. As ti for the olliccr of the deck, whether it fi was the mate or the captain, he v regularly went to sleep on the settee fi alongside of the cabin skylight, unless tl the weather was bad or threatening, d There was very little wind that night, n but there was a good deal of swell h setting iu from tlie norrard ; and in a the middle watch — 1 being below at ' the time— the schooner struck on a I reef and broke her back. It was just n as if the sea had picked her up and c dropped her oil the reef on purpose to '( break her back, though more out of g mischief than malice. As you know, a sir, there are times when the sea is wicked and when it is only skylarking, y Df the two, give me the first. A sailor ti can always take precautions against u an angry sea, but no man can foresee b what it will do when it begins to sky- c; lark. It was the mate's watch on deck ; a, and tbe captain, who was asleep in I his bunk, came on deck almost as o soon as she struck, and was just in si time to follow the mate f nd the man w at the wheel overboard. There was b only one sea that broke over the si wreck, and that one carried all thro u men overboard, and we never sec saw n any one of them afterwards. It was o clcar enough that the schooner would n break clean in two in a very short ii time, and then in all probability each end of her would slip oil the reef and a sink ; so we men got out the boat and a abandoned her. l-y this time it was r light enough for us to see that there b was an island close at hand, and that s: w- had piled up on a barrier- reef, g There was n small opening in the reef v a short distance away, and we pulled tl for it, passed into the lagoon, and b landed on a nice sandy beach. u Our captain had been a mighty ' :,Tood navigator, aud I make sure that d if there had been any such island laid t- down on the chart lie would have kept clear of it. So I know as' soon as we I had got ashore that we had discovered a a new island, and sucli proved to be v the ease. Well, there we were, seven p souls and a Chinaman, with nothing d in the world except the clothes we ii stood in, and not knowing whether v there would be -anything , to oat or t' drink on the island *'T)r not. Not hav ing anything else to do, we all turned b in and went to sleep — not so much b because we needed sleep as because we v wanted to feel that we needn't turn s out at eight bells. 'We slept till pretty il late that morning, and then all hands b started out to explore the island and e search for water. ? t It was a middling good-sized island r ?with a tall peak amidships and a little t stream of fresh water about half a uiile a from the beach where .we landed., s There were berries- and breadfruit and c cocoanuts in plenty, and we saw at s least a dozen turtles in the lagoon or c Brattling down thebeaob. jJoifc. was »..? H clear we were not going to starve. We didn't, however, find the least sign that the island was inhabited, and on tho whole that pleased us. Natives are all very well when you can select tliem to order, hut ready-made natives don't always fit. They may be can nibals, and they may be chaps that remember having a lot of their rela tions kidnapped by white men, aud in such case they are apt to he un pleasant. Some of the men had matches with them, and we knew that we could start a signal-fire whenever we wanted to ; hut nobody was in any particular hurry to leave tho island. What with having nothing to do, and your grub served out to you whenever you wanted it, the place seemed enough better than the schooner's fo'c'sle. There was only a plug and a half of tobacco among us, which was certainly misfortunate ; but we divided it fair, and agreed that wc would chew it first and smoke it afterwards. The Chinaman had some opium iu his clothes, which we found while search ing him for tobacco. Wc weren't going to encourage any such heathen vices ; so we confiscated the opium and set tlie Chinaman at work to roast turtles' eggs, so as to divert his mind. Did you ever happen to sleep in the open close to a running stream '? If you did you know how the water begins to talk and mutter and whisper as soon as you turn in. At first you are dead sure that people are talking in a low tone close aboard of you, but when you turn out to look for them you find that it is nothing but the gurgling of the water. What is curious about it is that though you know the sound is made by the water and not by human beings, your fancv gets the better of you just as long as you lie awake. 1 slept once for pretty near a month longsidc of a stream when 1 was lumbering in Canada, and For the first week I turned out four or live times every night, being ready to swear that 1 heard men talking just Dutside of the tent. Well, the first night we slept on the )each we heard voices all around us. We were all lying in a row, and I was it one end of it. Next to me was a :hap we called Lord Palmcrston. 1 lon't remember whether be had that lanio when he joiued the schooner, or vhether it was given to him after he same aboard. Anyhow, it don't natter. He was a regular cockney, md as full of talk as a magpie. We lad no sooner quieted down than the 'oices began. 1 said to myself that it nust be running water, though I knew he stream was a long way off ; bat lie muttering and whispering seemed :o near and so particular human that had just made up my mind to rouse nit the other chaps, when Lord ?ahnerston pulled me by the shirt leeve and snys, ' My Gawd, Tom ! jisten to that. They're gcttin' ready o rush us. What liever shall we 10 ?' 'Lie still, you blatherin' idjit!' diispers the next man — Bennett was lis name, aud he was a ticket-of-leave nan. ' Jlebbc they haven't seen us et. All the same, get your knives eady, everybody.' 1 sat up for a iiinutc, and the voices stopped, and I ouldn't hear anything except the rater, for this time I was sure that I leard running water. So I sung out o the men that if they'd get on their eet they'd find that the whispering , ould stop. They did so ; but though bey admitted that it had stopped, and : hat they could hear something in the istaucc that might be running water, lothing could convince them that t-liey : ladn't heard real voices. ' They wos - , torkin',' said Lord Palmcrston, : ' not ten feet from my starboard hear. : )on't try for to tell me that's its : lothing but water. Water cawn't : ome arf a mile aud 'it a man on the i -ad with a club ; aud that's wot is : oin' to 'appen to us if we don't keep : bloomin' good lookout.' i ' You can take all night on deck if : ou want to,' says I, ' but I'm going i o sleep, and the man that wakes me i p will be sorry that lie wasn't : rained quiet and comfortable by : annibals.' i But no sooner had I laid down gain than the voices commenced, aud i was almost sure that 1 could make f ut words in English that they were ' riying. I argued with myself for a f liile ; but the cold perspiration was 1 reaking out all over me. The voices f ocmed to come nearer, and I jumped ' p and sung out to the men to follow i ic. My idea was, of course, to rush - n the natives, provided there were { atives on the beach, instead of wait- 1 3g for tliem to attack us. ' I don't suppose a man of us had been 1 sleep ; for we were all on our feet in i n instant, and we gave a whoop and - ushed up the beach as if we were i ound for Ratcliff Highway after a 1 ix mouths' voyage with five months' ood wages in our pockets. There f ,-as nothing to be seen or heard except 1 lie little water fall way off in the - ush. Lord Palmerston swore that 1 ,'hat 1 said was the sound of water i -as the voice s laughing at us in the i istance, and the other chaps seemed i a be of his opinion. I Having, as I said, matches with us, i proposed that we should build a fire 1 nd tell off one man to do sentry-go, 1 ,'hile the rest of us turned in. This - leased the men, and there being 1 rift -wood handy, we had a lire going 1 11 a few minutes, and Lord Palmerston ( rent on the look- out, and we all urned in once more. , « This time the voices ' didn't come i iack ; which satisfied the men, they ] icing a precious ignorant set. But it 1 worried me more than ever ; for if the I ound had really been made by water, ] t ought not to have stopped just 1 iccause we had staged a fire. ' How- i vcr, I fell asleep1 after- -a 'bit, and here' was uo more disturbance that. ] light. Lord Palmerston — who was ] o°call some one to relieve him in tbout two hours— sat down on the j ;and about the time we. had settled ' [own to snore, ; and he dropped oft to 1 ileep, and was asleep when the rest i -t us turned out in the morning. . 1 We talked the thing orec that day, not having much else to talk aboui and everybody agreed that we ha been frightened at nothing. 'We mad a fresh search in the bush for about mile from the beach ; but we couldn1 find the least sign of anybody, Christia: or native. So the next night we didn' take the trouble to build a fire or t put a man on the look-out — that is not at first. But there wasn't mucl sleep for us that night. The voice began just as soon as we got good am ready to sleep, and, if anything, ther was more of them tlian there had beei the first night. We lay aud listenei for a little while, and then Lon Palmerston sits up and says, ' Hoys I know wot this is ; the 'ole bloomin hisland is full of ghosts.' ' Ghosts be damned !' says Bennett ' They mostly is that same,' say Dublin, a big Irishman who had beei in the prize-ring and had his nosi stove in. The notion that the voices wen made by ghosts took amazingly. A first I didn't believe it, not being om who had much confidence iu ghosts but the more I thought of it the mori probable it seemed. The rest of th- men never doubted it for a minute and they all came closer to one another, aud didn't show the least dispositior to go to sleep. ' Why ain't there anybody on this hisland ?' says Lord Palmerston, ' Because the liorigual natives has been and oat one another up. It's their ghosts as is walkin' the beach nights ; and I'd give somethin' hand some if they wos live cannibals instead.' ' What's good for ghosts anyhow?' asked Bennett. ' Does any one happen to know ?' ' There's Eric,' says Lord Palmer ston. ' He's next door to a Finn, and perhaps he knows. Bear a hand, Eric, and tell us what the Finns does when ghosts makes 'emselves too familiar, and they wants to show 'em the door.' ' I'm no Finn,' says Eric ; ' Im a Norwegian.' ' That's near enough,' says Lord Palmerston. ' You know more about ghosts than the whole bilin' of us, and you're goin' to give us the office, or it'll be the worse for you.' ' I've always been told,' says Eric, 'that pepper's the best thing to clear ghosts out of a house. You sprinkle pepper everywhere, particular where there is any holes in the wall. It'll make the ghosts sneeze, and they're built so light that sneezing breaks 'em all up. A ghost can't sneeze without carrying away his head. At least, that's what our people says.' ' Wot's the good of talking about pepper?' says another man. 'Why don't you tell us to use ile and vinegar and Cheddar cheese ? Where's pepper to come from on this island ?' ' Snuff is good too,' continued Eric. ' My grandmother told me' ? ' That'll do,' saysLordPalmerston. ' We don't want no more out of you. A man who'll tork of baccy on a desert hisland where there ain't but one plug for siven men, ain't a man whose judgment I respecks.' ' I don't hear voices no more,' says Bennett. 'Let's put a man on the look-out and turn in.' There wasn't any man who was willing to go on the look-out alone, so two men were told off for that duty, and the fire was started again, and we were comfortable once more. Some time in the middle of the night I was woke up sudden, just as though somebody had sung out ' Eight bells !' down the fo'c'sle hatch. The fire had died out, -and the two look outs were sound asleep about a yard away from us. The voices were hard at it, talking and cussin' as I judged from the tone of 'em, and I fancied more than once that I could make out the outline of figures that moved soft and rapid along the beach. I raised myself up to a sitting position ; but I couldn't see anything, and the talking stopped short. This time, however, I didn't hear the sound of the water ; but I did hear, as clear as I ever heard an order given at sea, the sound of some one laughing low aud scornful somewhere in the bush. ' We'll get away from this cursed islaud to-morrow if there's a sea that the boat can live in,' says I to myself. ' I've had enough of it ; and I'll take the chance of starving in the boat or landing among cannibals.' I couldn't see as it would do me any good to ivake up the other men-; so I pulled my cap down over my cars so as I wouldn't hear the voices, and tried to jo to sleep again. After about an hour, as I should j udge, I dropped off. Die next thing I knew I was waked up by someone steppiu' on me. It wasn't i heavy tread ; but it took me just an the breast-bone and hurt mo enough to wake me up as if I had been hit with a belaying pin. Of course I thought for a minute that one of the chaps had done it ; but they were all asleep, and it was dear that none of them had had any hand, or foot for the matter of that, in it. I put my hand on my chest md there was a litlle loose sand on tny shirt which wasn't there when I [aid down. I got on my legs in half i second aud shook Bennett and told liim it was our turn to relieve the lookout. He and I walked up and 3own the beach till daylight, which was very far off, and of course the voices didn't trouble us while we were ju our legs. In .the morning I told the men ibout what had happened to me, and it first they didn't believe me. Then Lord Palmerston remembered that he had been woke up by something brushing against his head, but being precious sleepy he had persuaded himself that he had been dreaming md had thought no more about it. 'f Is there any of you misbegotten pagans as knows an Ave or a Pater Noster ?' says Dublin. (' Wot's the good of rubbagp -like that?' 3*16 wers. Lore} Palmerston. ' Them sort: of prayers is- no good._ The only , thing as ^fetoh a ghost Is a Salvation Hanny band, anSl playing heVeixman hihdeptodmVon'iBliowii 'ooK, ^nd¥%ere ain't no SalVatioir t, Harmy -'ere.'! d ' It's long since I've said a prayer,' e says Dublin, 'and I've, clean disre n niembered all 1 ever knew. But it's 't my opinion that a few stiff prayers u hove in by a priest as knows his ropes, t would do a dale of good iu this here 0 category.', i, 'I proposes,' says Bennett, ' that li we leave this blasted islaud this very s identical day. There ain't no rum d here, ain't no bacca here, and 'stead e of girls there's a gang of ghosts with a no more manners than a seasick 3 parson. What are we stoppia' here 1 for anyway ? Is it because we ain't , i, doin' no work ? Well ! there wont .' be no work to do in a boat. The trade is a blowing here, and all we have to do is to put lier before the s wind, and let her go till she rises i some Christian island. I've had e enough of ghosts. Gimme policemen by preference and I can't say no more 3 nor that.' t We all turned to ana filled the boat 3 up with cocoanuts and bread-fruits, ; and fresh water ; aud now that we had f 3 made up our minds to start wo were 3 ill as big a hurry to get afloat as if wc , expected the islaud to founder under , us. Before the sun was on the me r- i idian wc were afloat and pulling slow and easy for the opening in the reef. . \\\» l.-.i ..ii ? i. ? ? r_' i.i. ? i j mu iinu o-ii uvui uul iLigub nuu . were in the best of spirits, j ' '1 hope we haven't made no bloom ; in' mistake iu deserting the island,' i said old Charcoal, leaning for a moment on the loom of his oar. ' I i don't believe in no ghosts except when I'm afloat. A ghost can go anywheres, cant lie ? Well, then, it stands to reason that no ghost would stop on ail island like that, when he could go to Loudon and haunt some tidy public-house in the Highway.' Just at that moment there came a laugh from the' shore that brought Charcoal all up standing. It was as loud and shrill as a bosun's whistle aboard a man-o'-war. Dublin crossed himself, and Lord Palmerston, who was at the steering oar, sang out to the men to give way aud began to curse in a general way, like a man who had suddenly gone mad. The laughing stopped short as suddenly as it had begun ; hut out of the bush came a long shriek, as if a woman was being dragged over the pavement by the hair by some one who had no right to take such a liberty with her. The men at the oars pulled as if they were pulling for a hundred-barrel whale, and not a soul spoke a word until we were clear of the reef. Then Lord Palmerston dropped in a dead swoon, and it took him half an hour to come round again. We were picked up three days after wards by a tea clipper ; and after we got to London we separated, and I've never seen a man of the schooner's crew since. I don't know what the rest of the men may have believed after they got away from the island and had had a big drink once more ; but I shall never doubt that we discovered an unknown island, and that the islaud was inhabited by about four hundred ghosts, more or less, of different styles and sexes. 