INSIDE THE lINES. ' Nobody knew just why a fort had been put in that place. There was no chance for fighting anything except motqani·oes, yet there wvas a loung line of fortifications, and an enfilade of.pickets guardea the little town from which all the men had gonie away. If beauty of location had been a mili. alry requisite, the fort was certainly aell planted. The earthworks ran nea"r the edge of a high bluff, which rose a most perpendicularly from the strip of land bordering the brown river at its foot. On the other side Louisiana stretched away tothe horizon line, level and green as a garden, and in the dis tance a bit of lake often caught some of the blueness of the sky and shone the gem of all this fair setting. The boy who was lying on the edge of the bluff had no eyes for the distant view. Through an opening in the trees clinging to the sides of the hill he was gazing at the antics of a party of boys far below him. Close under the bluff lay a white, many pillared house, and stretching before and behind it were srmooth spaces of lawn, long lines of clipped hedges and uvenues of mnag nolias. Something in its sheltered pcsi tion between the river and the bank had saved from destruction this estate, whose possessors had given it the fitting name of the Garden. It seemed like a vision of paradise to the eyes of the homesick boy who was gazing down into the enemy's country. From the door of a rough house with in the embankment two oicers watched the boy. The elder, Colonel Denning, was the commanding officer of the fort. "I am afraid I made a mistake when I brought my son down here," said the colonel. "He is almost desperate with loneliness. I was afraid of it, but it seemed too hard to leave him there after his mother died.'" "I think you did right to bsing him, colonel," said the younger man. "It's a good, quiet, healthy place, and after a while he will make friends with the men and be happier." "I hope he will," said the colonol. '"I feel sure of it," rejoined the other. "ntust now he longs for the society of boys, but he is fighting against the in evitable. He has not philosophy enough to endure nor experience enough to un derstand the feeling these people have for everything inside these walls. Noth ing could tempt one of these town boys to have any intercourse with him, and their scorn is rather hard to bear. I'r going to send George the Second to take him out on the river. He is an amusing little beggar, and will not make'such a bad companion for Will when he gets used to his color and his· ways." A few minutea later two boys were swinging themselves down the face of the bluff. Will's companion was a slim, limber jointed little black boy, whose movements suggested a jumping jack, and his bearing showed the pride he felt as Will's guide. Holding now by a tough root, now by the smooth stem of a blackjack vine, digging their heels into the soft soil and slipping perilously forward, they pres ently struck into a well wrr' cowpath, which led by easy stages to Cth foot of the hill. Beyond the road which led to the Garden lay huge stranded logs, through which they picked their way out upon a sandy strip of beach, wvhere an ancient skiff was tied to a raft. There was a little water in the boat, and a huge gourd was at hand as a means of de fense against further leaking, Two clumsy oars furnished employment for both boys, and once launched their strength was tried by the current, which came swirling around the promontory of rotting bark which served as a break water. But sturdy boyish muscles were at work, and the old boat was pushed slowly up the shore, keeping in with the eddy, and nosing her way through anchored snags of driftwood and up into more open water away from the shore. Drawing a long breath, Will pansed for a minute and said: "Let's go ove to the island we see from the fort-the Toishead, I mean. Where is it, anyhowi I'm completely turned around." "Hit's right ovah yander where you see de cottonwoods an de san'bar," said George. "Dis yer is de corral. Heap er cullud folks lives yer, but hit's drappin in de water mighty fas:. Dat be-ach tree a swishin up an down in dat bend useter grow in Unc' Jake's yard." On the shore of the bend George point ed out the grim sight of an old burying ground, upon whose precincts the cur rent of the Mississippi was rapidly en croaching. Will shuddered, and, with quickintuition, George turned the boat's head away from the bend and pointed across the current to the Towhead, which I was now below them. When the island firsat pushed its white, sandy head through the water some cot tonwood seed had landed there from an airy voyage, and the young trees that s'prang from them formed the nucleus of an aftergrowih which was added year by year like the rinls of a tree. The in nermost growth was now composed of tall young trees, but the thicket terraced down until near the water there was none but low thich bushes of last year's growth. A long tongue of sand extended like the tail of a comet tdown the river. Upon this the boys-beached the boat, and then stretched their legs on the soft, warnm sand. "'ze shecred er die yer Towhead," -aid George. "Hit's haunted. A :ole f?atboat mah useter live isp in yander, where you sees dat black spot 'ii 5';t de trees. De ole boat washed agronu one night in high water, an de old man neb ber made no monst'orns 'tempt fer to git out. He was onsociable like, an li;ked B5sse'f mighty well. He live yer l:inder quiet, an folks done got de notior datl t he hab heas er moiley.-. An oni~ sight somebody done kill 'im an tuk all he hed. Since dat time his ghos' done walk dis Towhead. On'~yj.;,' yisterd'y Unc' Jake'lowed he done ocla da? le ghos' an he 'low'ed he s-wine coeo ve'" " Ah," remarked the parson as he gazed bashfully at the ballet-girls, ' now I under. stand the meaning ef the phrase-' The boady is more than raiment." The boy, when asked who made ,he beautiful nsurroundinig h-lls, replied that he did noat know, as his -parents. had obnly remlSod into town the day before. " Sh! "exclaimed Tommy, listenisg at the door. " There's company in the par lor." " How do you know," enquired Bob. ' Mamnia's calling pasd 'my lote.'" "How do you likoe r. I--'s singing," asked a lady who was herself a singer. " I don't like it at all," replied her friend, " would rather hear Iou. nomo'm I ein'had much'plnion er ana' Jakle lately·, out rze jes' about as uigh Lat ole boat as I keers to go." "Well. I'm going to huve a look at th? old shanty," s:id Will, rising from the sand. His compnnion did notventure to folloe him in the expedition. The river hlad year by year added to the strip of land, and the old fiatbojt was now nearly hidden by the under brush that had "rown up between it and the water. The low hut which had once been the boat's cabin was still standing amid the decayed timbers of t~he hull, and Will noticed with surprise that there mere traces of something like footprinta leading to it; Nevertheless he stepped quite unsus piciously over the doorway. Once fairly within he felt himself roughly grasped by the arms from behind. "You make a noise to call that boy," said a voice close to his ears, "and I'll kill you! I tell you I will neverbe taken prisoner!' The person who had seized him now faced him, still holding him by the arms. Wilt saw a youth scarcely older than himself dressed in a worn gray uni form. Eis grip was like steel, but his face was so pinched and drawn and his eyes so desperately miserable that the heart of his captive warmed to him. Recovering his composure a. little, after his first astonishment and alarm, Will said, with an effort to laugh: "Let me go! I'm the only prisoner there's likely to be.. I'm not after you. I vas only looking for a ghost." "Who are you? I know all the ,oye over there, and I Imknow you are a Yankee by your cap and your voice. I tell you I can't be taken." "See here," said Will, "I'm only a boy like you, and though I'm a soldier's seon, and I don't deny either my voice or my cap, I don't want to harm you at all. What is up, anyway, and why are you playing spook on this strip of sand'?" "It is all up now, I suppose, and I may as well tell you all about it. Have you got a mother? I see by your face you haven't; so perhaps you will be sorry for a poor fellow who is going to lose his. "MUy name is John Prescott, and over there in that white house below your fort my mother is dying, and I am try ing to see her once more if she isn't gone already. "I got a two weeks' furlough-you needn't stare, I've been in the army nearly a year-and slipped down the river two days ago. Unfortunately for me I made this point too near daylight yesterday morning to venture any far ther. I knew the reputation this place has among the negroes, and I thought it safe to wait here until night. I reckon I was too tired and sleepy and didn't make it fast, and the boat managed to shlip away while I was lookiig for a good place to drag it up among the bushes. "Here I have been ever since, like a rat in a trap. I have watched the house over there for two days, and have even seen the family on the terraces and dared not make a signal! Now, sir, what are you going to do about it?" "I'm going to do this," said Will, hold ing out his hand. "I'm going to sayI believe every word you say, and I want you to trust me to help you out of this scrape. 1 lost my mother not six months ago, and I do klnow how to feel for you, if we are on oppcsite sides. I happened to hear today that your mother is no worse. Maybe ybu'll see her more than this once." "'But how can I get over?' "I don't see quite clearly howto do it, but 'll get you over there before day break somehow. You must give me yoru word to go away when the time is up. N-ow I must go, or that boy's coui osity v.il be enough to overcome his fears, and he'll come to look me up. I know you're hungry, so take my lunch. Keep a t.arplookout after dark." The lumbering skiff carried a very silent passenger back across the river. George ventured to inquire if Will had "seed de ghos'," and was answered so gravely in the affirmative that he then and there laid the foundations for sev aral marvelous tales with which to as tonish future audiences. Will knew quite weli that the thing he had in mind to do was a very delicate and difficult thing to undertake. Thsat he, the trusted son of the commander, should attespt to smuggleo an enemy inside the lines was no light matter. The thought of it rested not lightly on his conscience, but a refusal to aid the poor fellow on the island to see his dy ing mother would have rested more heavily still. At any rate he meant to do it, and by the time the skiff touched bottom at her lauding his plan was formed. Mak ing a careful survey of the landing, and noting the shortest route out to the open water, hlie dismissed his complanion without ceremony. A few minutes' walk brought him to the big white gate of "The Garden." Hesummoned up all his courageo and dipgnity and marched through the magnolia avenue. His appearance wes greeted with a consternation that. wa:s far from pleas ing. His requce:;t to see Miss Prescott in private for : few moments seemed to freeze with terror the black maid is waiting, but after a brief dcelay he waf shown ino a brighit, flowery little room, whiclh hod a delightfuliy feminine and welcome look to eyes long used to camp life. But thie slener girl who met him with the air of an io;:ded duchess lhad no Swelcome in her look. Her manner was sadly chilling. Ten minuteslater, how ever, she wa- holding his hand at the door and saying: "Mr. Denning, I never, never can thank you enough if you will do this! Mamma is a little better, and if she can see John for one hour it would do her mure good than medicine. twill wait at the side gate for him, and he shali leave before daylight." There-were a few more hurried ques Sons and reillies, and then Will was climbing the hill to a still more difficnlt int ervi?w. n uight pass was not an easy thing for which to ask his father, buthe could not leave the fort without it. The colonel was a very quiet and somewhat atern man, a"nd Will knew that the best way was the sthaighltforward one. He .'.de his request in the fewest words. Papa : "What do you wantr' Suitor: 'i Yoor daughter's hand." Papa; " Can't Sdo it. Take her as a whole or leave her. \e don't do business on the instalment principle here. Bronson : "I suppose I may as well charge that £5 youowe me to profit and loss?" Brokeley : " My dear sir, I am a man of honour. I will pay you thle money, sir, if I have to steal it." S , :. , hn -,leve :.et l. 'rt,videCi e, .n~r?.:·, . ;, u?y o Fs geedii" si'ape s.ld t-r.: :St,ev el,, not believe as; v reward for Casrity, thlc:'efre they will poartn with no Native ability without education Is like a tree which bears no fruit. 