A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER XXVIL Less, it may be, out of either chivalry or the detective spirit, than out of care for Ms own reputation, of which., he was so laudably careful, Mr. Prendemast 'has impressed Mrs. Clapper ?with, a sense o£ the importance of the guest tnus thrown upon Her hands. The shifts to which, he had been put for so long to hide ]iis ignorance of *'« employer's movements were rapidly qualify ing hi™ for the fullrblown Jesuit of fiction — that is to I gay, a man who ie always lying but never succeeds in taking anybody in, [ On the present occasion, however, there had fortunately been rio need of direct lies. ' At that time of excite ment, an excitement for which, there seemed to be no sufficient cause, a mysterious and important whisper as of a State secret, about some ineffable business- with Sir John Heron was quite sufficient to awe the landlady of the Bell, where Sir John's very name was, in oracular significance, equiva lent to the bishop's, and. more than equivalent to the dean's. It was with a feeling that she herself had been honored with some high and mighty political ?confidence that she in person lighted Marion to her room and made herself generally motherly. So much did Mr. Prendergast make of it, bringing in Sir John at every word, that Mrs. dapper, -who was a reader of romance of the mysterious and sensational order, began almost to suspect that she might be entertaining a peeress unawares. True, she had no luggage, and had not spoken of any. But then Sir John 1 Thus, -when Mr. Prendergast im pressively added : ' And bo, my dear lady — a nod's as good as a wink, you know — if I ' was you I wouldn't say anything about this — H'm ! — to any of those gossiping fools in your parlor,' ehe not only threw her head up with an ' As if ! What do you take me for ? ' but for evermore disproved the notion that a woman ie not to be trusted with a secret. It is true the Becret, had the tumult in the street and anxiety for her front windows given her time and leisure to examine it, did not provide her with much to tell ; that the habitues and casual occupants of her parlor had other things to think of and. talk about in the extraordinary state of the town ; and that she did what little she could to let people know that she had a ' secret which, if she revealed it, -would . entirely change the aspect of affairs. Still, the great fact remained that the secret was not betrayed. Nevertheless, though Mr. Prender gast had done so well for himself, both in saving himself from immediate annoyance and in making himself of real importance in- the- eyes of the widow, thus making a stride beyond Vii« rivals behind the backs,- he was very, very uneasy. He took his tumbler among his fellows, 'waiting till the streets were quiet enough for respectable folks to see one another home ; but he took it silently and unsociably. So not even the young person to whom Guy Derwent had engaged himself knew anything of her lover ; while the truth of her. tale was manifest from her anxiety to see Sir John. Yes ; what he had already suspected must' be true — there was a mystery ; heaven grant there might not be foul play besides. It was clear Guy had. really dis appeared. It was clear .also that Sir John Heron was covering the fact of Viip friend's disappearance. And why? There could be only one reason: that which had at once occurred to him. The sudden disappearance of a young man of business would mean scandal and ruin. Everybody would set it down to the flight of a fraudu lent bankrupt, as the most charitable' and the only businessTlike way of re garding such things. But then it is not every young man in trouble who is blessed with a friend like John Heron of Marchgrave. With all that noble generosity of which, surely he alone was capable, the banker had come forward with his own cash, and his own credit to keep the business going, and. had accounted, on Ms own un questionable authority, for the absence fit Mb friend, as if it were a temporary mission of importance to the city. So, when Guy Derwent returned, there would be profit instead of ruin, and increased respect instead of scandal ; for who would question the position of one who was backed by the whole t i ^credit of. Chapter Ij&ims;? But' if he never returned? If all vihis generous protection was . being thrown away ? Could it be that Guy Derwent had really got into trouble— perhaps been Writing the name of *'p friend and benefactor instead of t»« own ? Such things have been done, and mostly by the least likely hands. And to cover . 6 friend's fffllf though tp M§ gwp Jobs, ; gnd to help Mm to rjsj agajn, would * be just John Heron. But no, . Mr. Prendergasf s heart was morelpyal than Mb head, and sent his suspicions flying. 'Pdeopner suspect myself of such. ft thing than Mr. Guy !' thought he, # I know what that poor girl thinks— that he's^iad foul play. I never did 3hold with those trips jfco' jLondon-r^a Mocked place, full of ravening wolves, ; If a no fit place for a yourigjman with out .somebody of ^experience in wicked ness to guide him. There's the music liallB : and the billiard-rooms 5 axidthe . turf 5 and the gambling-tables where; you lose a £5 note in a single night.; 'ani the clubs 5 and the park;, and the .places where they delude you into, and :':'J|8?w(:you up in a sack, and drop you off \- 'London Bridge; and the barbers that 'cut your throat and make you-int^ pies. ? i. , -I wonder If Heron's jjuj|; on a detective. Wonderful fellows some of 1 them are, to be sura. And— -tgr Jingo! ] He has, though!' he exclaimed i aloud, as Ms eye fell upon the piano and recalled to his mind that ; accomplished gentleman from London, ! who had asked so many questions, and : had been closeted at the bank with - John Heron the next' morning for a good hour. ?* That'll be the very man !'. He startled the room, and sent all eyes to the door. 'Bless us alive! I thought you'd seen a ghost, Mr. Prendergast !' said Mrs, Clapper, with alittle scream. '' Ah,' said the Vicar-choral, shaking - his'head, ' remorse is an awful thing.' By this time the streets had become fairly quiet ; though., after the outer peace of Askholm it seemed to Marion that there was turmoil all night through, both within and without the Bell. The rattle and ' seemingly eternal chatter of the bar-parlor, continually enlivened by new voices just when it seemed dying, mingled with the hoarse shouting and laughter of a slowly dispersing crowd ; then followed the shooting -of bolts and the slamming of doors ; and, when this was over, all the clocks of all the churches seemed seized with an epi demic of striking and chiming in ail manner of keys. ... ,:._' ;'_\ Then even before it was light began a sound of hammering ;. and then a bustle in the stable yards. It was a long night, and Marion had slept but little, and only to start out of pain fully vivid dreams. Neither dreams nor vigils, however, had changed her determination to see Sir John Heron, but had strengthened it rather. What harm could come of it? She need tell him nothing but that she was in terested in the fate of Guy Derwent, and wished to know all he could tell her. She might even avoid showing interest, and merely make ordinary inquiries, as anybody might concern ing an acquaintance when one hap pens to be in hie native town. As to the rest, she felt inspired.at last to use all her wits ; it was more than, life and death to her to know at whose hands he had died. And surely John Heron was not the man to leave a friend to disappear and die unsought for and unavenged. Mrs. Clapper brought her breakfast in person. It was a grave condescen sion ; but then the crisis was grave ; and the guest was less unlikely to be confidential with, the landlady than with one of the maids. ' Ah, these are terrible times,' said she. ' What with these Morlandites and such-^-wicked Atheists I call them — one don't know the very town where E was born. Pm sure one never used to hear of Morlandites when I was a girl; and though one used to.havefun at elections and assizes, and such.like, it was all good temper, -and good for business as welL No ; this isn't good for business at all, unless it's for the public-houses, wMch if I was the magistrates they should all be shut up, every one. -Then everybody would have to be respectable, like they ought to be ; and so I was saying only the other day to theVery Reverend the Dean. Yes ; we're all very proud of Sir John, and so we've a right to be ; and he knows best, and I'd be the last to say he didn't, for one. Only there was never all this fuss before the Docks was started ; and — but there, I suppose we must move with, the times. Shall you be in town when the statue's opened, or whatever they call it, to morrow ? It'll be a grand sight—the bishop's going .to be there, and the recorder, and the bishop's lady j p'raps you know them? And Ms lordsMp the lord-lieutenant, and her ladysMp, and all the county people, I may say. It'll be quite a ceremony. That was a strange thing happened, wasn't it, at the hospital P' ' Where do you think I shall find Sir John Heron ?' asked Marion ; ' at the- Bank, or The Cedars ?' *? Ah — there's no knowing on potL ing-day. Of course you know Mrs. Heron— —I beg pardon, Lady Heron she'll be now. She was a Marchgrave young lady ; never did her poor father think he might have lived to see Miss Catherine a baronet's ladyship j if s just like a novel. But there — the world's just full of strange things nowadays. And the idea of a patient escaped out of the hospital and running alive about the streets ; if s enough to make one's blood run cold. He was the man, I hear, that put up that wicked bill^ and a man that would do that would do anything. But, of course, you couldn't expect a Morlandite to keep quiet in Ms bed, no, not if Ms very neck was broke, as every man Jack of 'em ought to be. . . ?' 'She's a wonderful sensible young lady,'., said MlsX Clapper to her niece on returning to her own quarters. ' I never heard anybody talk more sen sible, not even Mr. Prendergast ; and to hear her let out against the Mor landites, it was fine I Ah, and ehe told me something too — don't you let it out, but she is going to see Sir John.'? * * . * * But greater tMngs were, jn progress now than the anxieties of a clerk or the heartbreak of a -garL Worries and heartbreaks are everyday things ; bnt it is not every day tha'£ a David, such, as JOraycot MofEmd, dares to attack Biich a veritable Goliath as Sir John. Heron. I quote from a caricature of the hour, in which Morland and Heron were depicted m those ^ienjipgl. 'dia- lracters, the giant striding across an ?unfinished dock, ^th.mpney-bags sunk into the mud at the bottom, while a stone had struck him squarely in the centre of the forehead. But nobody took the artist for a prpphet-r-had the Heronites condescended £o fight with lead pencils, they would have retorted by mailing Samson Sample on a wriggling worm, -qr^rijj3hing between Ms finger and thumb & buzzing fly, while legs like those of the Hhodian Colossus. besfaspde the merchant navies of &©wprl4 , Tn that case, surely the election of the popular candidate should have proceeded with befitting dignity. But strange rumors had got abroad. It was not only that a strange fanatic, armed with the power of frenzy, had been going about haranguing half amused audiences to the effect that John Heron had been guilty of about a dozen felonies, but that — -no doubt Mr. Giles best knew hpw — an article had appeared in a special edition of the Askness Advertiser calling upon $ir John Heron, Baronet, of March grave, to deny publicly that he had ever gone by another name. Great is the power of print; and even those who set down the orator as a lunatic suffering from an acute paroxysm of election fever, felt uncomfortable doubts as to the possibility of so much smoke without at least a modicum of fire. Of course, anybody in the world might now and then find it convenient to take an alias — almost anybody, that is to say ; for the mere suggestion of such convenience in the case of one so immaculate as Sir John Heron was almost equivalent to breath ing on a merchanf s solvency 'or a woman's good name. ' Beally I think you had better take them at their -word !' urged. Alderman Sparrow. ' Go out on the Bell balcony, aind tell the scoundrels they lie.' J:....' ' Argue with a madman ?' answered Six John, ftrmiingr grimly ; ' no.' ' Treat Viim as such, then,' said the Alderman. ' He's inciting to a breach of the peace.' 'On their heads be it,' said Sir John. ' If he provokes my good friends too far — well, I should be sorry to see dragoons in Marchgrave ; but a troop marched yesterday from Red chester to Askness Junction, and can be here in 20 minutes, if need be.' - 'What a man you are, Sir John. You think of everything — everything in the world.' * * ?' , ? _ ' What the devil's the meaning of this, Mr. Giles ?' asked Draycot Mor land, pointing to the article in the Advebtiseb. ' And what the devil again do you mean by putting me at the head of an army of wolves ? How much do you pay your special madman a day?' ' Wolves ? Pray, Mr. Morland, call the people by their right name. Those whom you call so opprobriously ' — ' hopperobusly ' was his exact word — ' are honest working men ; who, hating shams, but not being voters, have to do the best they can. Heron shan't win without a fight of some sort ; and if we can only get him to read, the Riot Act and call out the military, he'll have the devil to pay. He won't be the better for riding into .the House on the back of a dragoon, . . , (to be continued.) 