[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] The White Dog- : . A GHOST STORY. BY GEORGE K. SÏMS, Author ot " Lights o' London," " Tho Dngonot Bal ! , lards," etc, otc. : [ALI. BIGHTS RESERVED. IT was tho early morning bf Christ- mas Day. The clock of tho nearest church boomed out the hour of three. Immediately afterwards the big clock in the hall followed its example in a deep bass voice/ , , Then the little clock in the dining room piped out the,hour of three in a childish treble. A-.fewminut'ea afterwards, my library clock, which has defied the efforts of the professional regulator for years, made three feoble sounds m an apologetic manner, which said ,as plainly as possible-"I'm very sorry I'msolate, but better late than never." Then the kitchen and the bedroom clocks struck, and by a quarter past three every clock in the house fhàd informed me what the time was-or ought to bo. ' ., lt was three o'clock ih the morning, br, rather in the dead of the night, so that in this great lonely house which I; inhabit every sound was distinctly audible-:much too audible for a ner- vous man, who invariably starts at the ghostly noises bf the small hours, and lins a vague, belief in tho super- natural. / - ? ? Many a time when i have been writing far into the night, have I sud- denly looked up from my, work, and listened, .and. burst into a profound perspiration as some piece of furni- ture in the room gave a blood-curdl- ing creak. ' When the furnitùrë takes to creaking I invariably leave off work and creep upstairs to bed. : There are two things which invari- ably put an end to my consumption of the midnight oil, ,and cause my face to be sicklied o'er with the pale cast, . not of thought, i but of terror. One is the creaking of the furniture, and the--.'other is ifthe .mysterious breathiug^onj the, nape of my neck. That breathing^ always temporarily paralysés'nie. sit, in dumb terror for a.minuté or two, and gradually the power of speech comos back to me, or I call imaginary dogs to come to my assistance, and make hysterical efforts to hum popular airs of a gay and festive description. . I don't know what use a dog would be to me in a struggle with that im- palpable breather on the nape of my neck, and I cannot for the life of me imagine how"' I became. possessed of the. vid ea that a comic song, was a charm against i sepulchral ? intruders on one's midnight privacy; ; ! am only telling you what I do, whyl do it I must .leave for the ; learned in these matters to determine. " ' On the particular night when the adventure.happened to me which I am about- to relate, the clocks had all struek three., I' have dwelt, ph the circümstáncé in order that you may understand my feelings when a cer- tain extraordinary thing happened. I was sitting alone iu my library, : writing. My servants had all gone I to bed hours ago, and my little dogs were fast asleep in the kitchen below, j Suddenly, just as I was writing the i closing lines of the story on which 11 was engaged, my big book-casegave j an unearthly creak, and immediately afterwards I fancied I hoard a rust- ling behind me. I didn't turn my head I never can when I hear a rustling in ! the middleof thenight-and presently I felt upon the nape .of my neck a tiny current ' of air, as though some- one were breathing on it. v As soon as I had recovered from the state of abject terror into which those phenomena flung me (I shall never get used to them if I lived to be a hundred) I begán my usual perfor- mance. "Here: Fido, Fido,"; I ex- claimed, " Where ai'o you-bite him Fido-go for'em Fido."" ; The words were hardly out of my mouth before I gave a startled cry and leaping out of my chair, made a wild dash at tho door. \- The moment I had called upon the imaginary Fido, a low growl had pro- ceeded from beneath the table on which I was writing, and presently to my horror there stood before me a white dog with whito flaming eyes. I had never seen the dog before, he was not one of my dogs, ne was ah utter stranger to me, where on earth had he come from-you must remem- ber that it was three' oclock in the morning, and then you will under- stand; my astonishment at this remarkable answer to my call. ? ; I expected that, this mysterious canine visitor would spring upon me. Xwasn't sure that I suouldnt wake up and find myself the victim of a nightmare. Imagine my astonish- ment when the animalwálkodquietly up to me and began to wag'his tail. With a great effort I managed to stoop down and pat him. He wagged his tail mióre than ever then, and there was no . doubt that he was a real dog of flesh and blood and not a ghostly visitor or a creation of my disordered imagination. I But how in tho name of goodness had the strange dog managed to get in my study, at three in the morning. The house had been looked up since midnight, and all the time I had been at work I had not heard a sound. ' I could not sit there with that mys- terious dog. To do any more work was impossible, so patting the strange 'dog again: I wálkecl out of the room and closing the door bohind me went upstairs to bed. Outside of my house- keeper's bedroom door I put a piece bf,paper on which I scribbled. " If you find a strange dog in the library don't,be.frightened and don't let him gb out of tho front door-keep him till I come down." I was determined to fathom the mystery of the strange canine visitor if possible, j The next morning when I came down to breakfast I asked about tho dog--I half expected the reply would be " What dog, sir ?-we haven't seen any dog." But it was nothing of the sort--the dog was found fast asleep in my easy chair when the library door was opened in the morning. The housekeeper had taken him downstairs into the kitchen and tied I him up to the leg of the table. Í He was a very nice dog, and he didn't look at all ghostly in the day- light. When I went downstairs and {mtted bini he stood up on his hind egs and trie'd to lick my hand. ! " How in the name of goodness did he get into my study last night with- out anyone knowing anything about it?" I asked. ; We air thought the matter over, and at last it was unanimously decided that when the housemaid went out of the front door at eleven o'clock to lock up the. area gate, the white dog who was probably lost must have crept in at the open door, walked into my study, concealed himself under the ; table and fallen asleep there. i It is the habit of a lost dog to feel: nervous and to cower and lie down ha any place of shelter he may find. . ? ; My little black and tan dogs did not approve of the, new- comer at all; They were jealous and resented in every possible way the little attention I paid to the intruder whom I at once christened, bearing in mind the circumstances under which I dis- covered him, " Ghost." ; It being Christmas Day, I left home early in the morning to spend the day with some relations. Christmas Day has long ceased to be a day of merriment to me. I have reached that time of life when there is too much to look back upon--too ; much to mourn and regret, for any anni- versary to be'a very joyous one. Still Christmas, even to the most un- fortunate amongst us, has its sooth- ing side, and it is a day on which we can " gather vip what joys are left" and. "live' lovur. last happiness once again,-in. the innocent mirth of the little ones who are the life and soul of the family party, v I OE course, I told everybody, about i the white dog who had suddenly appeared, as it by magic, in my study in the middle of the night, and every- body was interested excepting the children. ; I explained the theory by which I accounted for his. getting- into the house. And the elder people agreed with me, but the younger folks wouldn't accept anything so prosaic in ? the- way of explanation. - They were sure that the white dog meant something. One of my nieces, who had had " Madame D'Aul noys Fairy Tales'1 as a Christmas gift, hazarded the suggestion that it might be a Prince who had been turned, into, a t dog by the fairies, and would resume I his shape under certain conditions. In the afternoon we sat round tho fire, between the lights, and the con- versation once moro turned upon the mysterious dog. Yielding to tho' influence of tho midnight hour, I launched on a theory of my, own, and suggested that perhaps, after all, Ghost was a supernatural'dog, and had been sentt'in answeryto iny call for canine aid against'the spirits who : annoyed mo by breathing on the nape of my neck at midnight. I " Fancy, if he is a ghost dog after j all, uncle," said my niece ? Maudie, " how awfully romantic !" My nephew Sidney, who is a' year older, instantly chimed in with a vigorous " Bosh !" and declared there were no ghosts of any kind and certainly nb dog ghosts. He was certain that we should find thati Ghost was just a lost dog who had seen a door open and darted in the house because he; was getting cold and uncomfortable in the streets. ; ' 11 " You put an advertisement in the Daily Telegraph," ho said, " and see if somebody does not come . forward to claim him." I thought it was a very sensible suggestion, and I determined to act upon it- especially as .Ghost was a well-bred and valuable dog; and had every sign of having been a pet and well cared for. When I reached homo that night, my first inquiry was about the dog. "He's been quiet enough, sir," said my housekeeper. "He slept in the big chair in the kitchen till it was daile. Then.he went upstairs and lay down under your study, and he's there how." ; ; I went into tho study aud whistled, and out .came the white dog. He wagged his tail, looked at me in a wistful kind of way and then crawled back under the table again and so I left him for the night. Tho next day being Boxing Day, I could not got any handbills printed, but on Monday 1 set about the task of finding Ghost's owner. I had a fine description:of him set forth in a handbill, and I gave my address and stated that the . owner could have him on application tb me. I also advertised him in the Daily Telegraph. ir .' . A week went by and' I received no application, and so I made up my mind that Ghost had come to stay, and I began to consider him as one of the family. . He settled down to his new home all right, but there was one peculiar- ity about him. Nothing; would induce him to sleep anywhere but in my study. Directly night fell, no matter where he was, Ghost would come to my study door and whine there until I let him in. " He would walk straight under the table and curl himself up, and there he would remain. One day, about seven o'clock in the morning, my servant- came1 to' ' me and said that a gentleman wished to see me at once. " Ho says ho's como about tho dog, sir." ' At last, I thought, the mystery of Ghost is to bo cleared up. Then I said aloud, " Show the gentleman in." i The gentleman who came in was a tall, good looking man?> with a wild board and large wild eyes. He looked like one of those Bohemian artists one used to meet with in the Quartier Latin in Paris in the old days before Bohemia ceased to be, and art and literatui'e gave up eccentricity and settled down in fm de siedle respectability, at least of an outward appearance. My visitor seemed thoroughly agi- tated. Before I could ask him to take a seat he had dropped into a chair, I and was panting as if exhausted with a long'walk. "I'verun here,"h"e exclaimed. " I've run all the way from Hampstead." " Indeed," I said; wondering what manner of man this could be. < " Yes ; I only heard of, your adver- tisement this morning. 1 heard of it at the police station-you've got tho dog." \ ;'./;: ??: ? . ; " If you mean a white dog who came into my house-'most. mysteri ouslv rather more than a week ago-; yes, I have-" . 1 : " Oh dear, oh dear !" exclaimed the strange gentleman, pulling out a large red pocket handkerchief, " it's very dreadful, its very awful, has he bitten you ?" . .. ; " Good heavens, no !" I replied, becoming seriously alarmed. " Has hevbitten your wife or your children?" _ !' . ' " I.have no wife or children." ! " Ah, that's yery lucky, very lucky. Has he bitten your other dogs, your servants, or your cat ?" ; > i " Good gracious, no ! He's a very quiet and amiable dog. But why do you ask ?" " Why-oh, lord - I don't like to tell you, but I must, of course I must -you ought to khow-" _ . He mopped his brow again, and for a moment his face became so violently contracted I thought ho was going to have a fit. '. ;.".''.../ "Pray, do not keep me in suspense, arid almost ajjony. What : do ' you know about this dog ?" ; , .; " Ah, everything, too much, its very dreadful, where is he now ?" I had forgotten all about the dog for a'moment in my excitement. When the question was put to mo thus directly.I remembered I had,last seen the dog asleep under my study table. "i think he's in the roora < now," I said, lifting the table cloth. "Yes, here he is. Hore, Ghost, Ghost.'' _ My visitor uttered a wild shriek and sprung on the chair. At the same moment Ghost, roused and alarmed, ran out. He gave one look at ray visitor, then- uttering an unearthly yellilewoutof the room and. dashed madly upstairs towards the bedrooms. ?. . I was now thoroughly upset myself, and I wanted a pocket handkerchief to wipe my own brow. .""Will you be good enough to explain this extraordinary, scene, sir. Is tho dog yours ?" I exclaimed. " Yes-or, he was. Oh, dear-how my heart's beating. Thank goodness ho didn't Hy at me." " Aro you afraid of tho dog, then ?" "Afraid-good gracious. I should think so-.why he's got hydrophobia." " What ?" I yelled. " Yes, he hus-he must havel It's all my fault. I inoculated 'him with it, and be got away.".???< <»>.. "Sir, are you inad?? I cried. ' . . i "No-oh, no-but it was a mad thing todo.1 didn't .want totellyou,! but it was ray duty. If I'd hea that you or any of your housed had died of hydrophobia I shot never, have forgiven myself." '.'The dog has displayed no syn tonis of madness," I said, " he's quiet and gentle as possible." " It takes time to develop-it h not developed yet, but it will must. It is an awful experiment, oughtn't to have done what I did. was for true sake of science, but have never slept since. I'm so g]| fie hasn't bitten anybody." . " You say you inoculated the do Will you be good enough to expia -I must know everything sir-it a most serious matter." -*i "Yes, it is. I felt that o^ shouldn't have come hore. I am great student of these matters y( know-I.analyse everything. I ha discovered a cure for cancer, but y don't want to hear about that." " No ; I want to hear about the do¡ "Well, I got him from the Do¡ Home, and I thought I would t Pasteur's experiment for myself, took the dog home, and having pi cured some virus from a dog w] had died of hydrophobia, I injected under the skin of this dog-but didn't have proper assistance, and] got free. I was afraid of his biti¡ me, and opened the front door ai let him out; then I saw what i awful thing I'd done-I ran aft« him. I didn't dare say anything, I I went back homo and worried) ] haven't slept properly since. 1 hjr been haunted by the idea that I bi given a dog hydrophobia, and let loose on the world.' -:> " It was an infamous thing to di I exclaimod indignantly. i " Yes, of course it was ; but I nev meant to let the dog escape. At a; rate, I have made all the reparati in my power. Now, tho best thi you can do is to have the dog kill before he does any mischief. Go morning." f ; I was so astonished-to use a vi gar but expressive word, so flabbi gasted- that I let the man get i and put on his bat and walk out' the house without endeavoring stop him. ! ' i It was not until he had gone th I realised 'the situation in all. i horror. Ghost was a dog with und Veloped hydrophobia ; a dog with ll deadly, virus working in Iiis veil And he was still loose in my house At any moment lie might devnli the terrible and fatal disease ; at'Jfc moment, in a flt of sudden madnei he might fasten his teeth in the ile of one of my servants ; he might I at my own throat. As I realised the position, I felt tl cold perspiration gathering on n brow. I sat f or a moment paralyse I did not know what to do. Ifs that I must keep the terrible seer locked in my own breast. To ha told my servants would have been fling them into a state of panic. The first thing to do was to resc the dog. I opened my door, ai stood in the hall and "whistled a called, " Ghost, Ghost, Ghost," but Ghost came. ' With a-forced' calmness I went tho sezwants' hall, and said, quiei " Have any of you seen Ghost ?" One of them-had seen him i upstairs af ter the ' gentleman call but nobody had seen him since. ? I went upstairs, on to the seco floor, and called " Ghost " again, I still no Ghost appeared. Then examined all the rooms, and loa^ carefully under the tables and sofa then I went to the bedrooms, BJ looked carefully under the ba There was absolutely no sign Ghost anywhere. ? What was I to do. I could; leavè a mad dog loose in the how It was my duty instantly to expia thisj1 arid prevent him doing an mischief ; but it was a case of tl recipe of jugged hare : first cati your Ghost. . ;I searched every room of the hon for nearly an hour, and then I gai up the 'quest in despair, and mai up my mind that Ghost had left n house as mysteriously as he ha entered it. I wondered what I ought to i under the circumstances. I mai up my mind that without alarmiu the public by advertisement, I bi better consult the authorities, couldn't advertise " Anyone meetir a white dog is requested to kill it, J it has been inoculated with hydn phobia." That would be to cause, panic, and ' to cause the death x some hundreds of innocent dogs. S I went to the police station and r lated the matter ' to the Inspecta and left him master to deal withji as he saw lit. "Ti j I spent the day out of doors, for was too excited and nervous to d anything, but towards night I mad my way home again. I had workt attend to, which was bound to li done before the morning. , lj j My first task on reaching hon was to ask if anyone had seen Ghos No one had. ; ! . ' 4: Satisfied, that he was not in tl house I sat down in my study, ai was soon absor bed in the work 1 ha in hand, v ; About eleven o'clock tho servan' went to bed, and I was the only son sitting up'in the: house. I heal] the clock strike ' midnight, and the thatj;, unaccountable.'. creepy feelii which I had .formerly describe came upon; J me. . Tho f urnitut creaked and, creaked, and I felt tba chill moist breathing on the nape c my neck. '.:.:.' . ; Instinctively/-not for a momo knowing -what I was -doing, entire! forgetting '.the;', fearful revelati( which had, been made ? to . me" - th day^1 put my hand under the tal1 and whispered to s aniiimagináry dc In a moment I felt a cold nose undi my hand, and I'sprang back with cry of horror. ; ".. And gently wagging his tail, o' from under the table crawled a whit dog. ' It was Ghost. 1 At that moment I was a prey the. most, abject terror. I startedh the dog with eyes almost startii from my head. Ij had retreated 1 g fire-place ; further retreat was possible. \ ' ... - .. ind slowly towards me, nearer fl nearer cametthe 'white dog!! : He ist haye concealed ,himsel£,oll.day some top room, one of the garrets the lumber roóni | perhaps, jarid ien all was quiet no must have ilen down and gone to his usual ice under myltabie. I was too. sorbed in my work to rhear; him ter, nnd he had lnid'.quietiy dozing' itil now. .... Gradually I regained " my self siPssion. It was rio good , letting eMog see that I was afraid of him. a had evidently rio hostile inten- ds towards me.^ But his affection a os dangerous > as his amity.- A id dog fenn conimunicate hydro lobia by licking? your hand. I laembered Hvith -porror how often ring the past ^week . Ghost. had toured me with that sign of canine fection. ' 0 I went to ' a drawer in iny room here I. kept an old ( pair of. gloves, id I carefully drew them on-then sat down and let Gli0st'''cóme'üp'tb e, and with1 niy i gloved hand I itted his headband told him to. go. id He down again, He wagged his ¡I nnd went back under the' table,' ' "He has not - developed-any of the mptoms yet,"; I thought to myself, but he may at any.,, moment. It ül never do to let ' him corne again, [secure him.tight, and.tp-morrow I fetch a veterinary "surgeon and insult him as to what ought to be ( we." ... As soon as I was satisfied that host was lyiiig down again nuder i ie. table I -turned the gas down, i ept to the door,'went out, pulled it ii and then-locked it; and put the: ly^in -Tuy . ''packet!'. ' I'-thën .went pstairs and put a note. under, the msekeepor's door,'telling her that ijone was to try and open.the.study ipi', as it was löcköd. I had loft ime, . papers .-aboutir that nvasTjthô $lanatión'Fgave^-á8,-Iídid/nófewan't": i raise an alarm aJbonJi^the.dog. i then went to bed, bufe I could not op'for hours. When'I did, I had tv ist terrible nightmare. I dreamt lat a huge white dog, with flaming res; was sitting ori my chest and ideavouiùug to: lick my fa'eo, and I as trying to, prévent-nim ¡because, jJvas mad. ? -:" "'?;''"-. .y~~ ?;?'"? Tfid next morning I woke with a Utting headache. I went'.dqwn to; ?eakf ast,' and the ; .seryants':;tóld7íúe int I must have shut . Ghost in tho udy,.for. ho had been whining and latching at tho handle of tho door. " AU right," I said, " I'll let him out rectly." But instead of letting im but I put on my hat and was ist going off..'to fetch a surgeon om tho Royal Veterinary College ko my friend Professor Pritchard . my friend Professor Axe,-'when ip servant informed me that un ?pector of Police wished tb'see'me. [t was tho Inspector to wh'oin 'I d confided my exciting' adventure i the day previous. ...;-.r...-. r As soon as.ho had been shownnnto ie lining-room, he asked ino what I ad done with tho dog. I told ? him all that had happened, ad that the 'dog was at present icked in my study. . . "That's ; all right;": ho said; " I' ughtT perhaps you had . had him od."' -You have' ascertained something bout tho gentleman who called ero?" I said. V- - ' "'.' . < ' " Yes, sir, and , that's why I . haye Dme to, soe you..,;Directly you had one yesterday, I .instructed, ,ono,pf ly men to make full enquiries, fis 'it as such a serious and extraordina- ry affair. ..The first, thing wo did ¡.ns to'"trace- the dog. .ït-wns vidently purchased at the Dogs' lome : about ten days j ago. It ¿had een found in the .streets a day or \vb. previously', and. not .claimed. ¡om o body h ad,, h ó wo ver, recogn i sed tas a dog wlib. had been seen about t'ith a foreignor, ;.-a, German gentle nan who brid chamliorV' in, .the itrnnd... The .' gentleman', had..gone ;broad, and, it is supposed,' lost the li% ' before ho : started, find', hadn't «sen to.make,eiiquiries'or,seht fot' it.' "At any rate,.it wasdotained, and vhtíií a gentleman-the euripusj^ook hg gentleman you;dosdribedj;for--the leseription tallies-came'and .wanted i; dog; this ono was shown-.to him; liid'he bought it arid "took it -",away, leaving his address in case the right iul .owner should at-;any time, make Biquiiùes. I" Furnished with that address,-we continued;, our... investigation.,We taut to the House'ana ascertained (fiat tho gentleman who lived there, done with , a man servant, had |i,ought'''tlic dóg'hóme'with'him and |ikèn it to his rpora. ijSpme,: time Jftorwards the-maidl heardlthe;xlob'r open and saw,,¡the dog.,fly. out. ..He bappenód to. be standing 'at. the. front door; ? and vtbeldçg-'^lt^/p^t^hitttV His mâster;càme'rdowri! the stäirs ih a state pf great .excitement, and ¿ran, af ter. the dog.".. 'ÍJ. J'-^jih. [i "Tho rest I know," I interposed, "he ran after him as far as tho park, (where he lost sight of-him. The dog Evidently saw my front' door open my h ouse m aid. was put locking the. tarea gate-ran in and hid under my table, and lay there quietly/until I discovered him.",. V' , ' , " Yes," said tho Inspector* " I expect that's about how it happened, but let toe finish my story. As soon ns pos Îiïble oho of. niy'men'ygot Hold pf this! ian servant and pumped him'about is mnster. ' Ho'wasn't inclined to bo Very communicative at first,,.but ns' soon os !my mari explained! that it fois a police inquiry, he made rib Jones about, telling the whole truth,_ ; ?' His master is'an eccentric gentle nan of fortune, and he himself is mrtly valet, partly keeper. He'lives n-the house with him, and loóles ifter him for the family." "A madman !" I exclaimed. "I night havo known it ; none but a ijadmun would have tried.such! an lideous and awful experiment." , " Well, riot exactly a madman from fvhat wo have been able to ascertain," paid the Inspector, " but decidedly tracked, subject to hallucinations. ït seems that he has1 got brie big bee in his -bonnet, rind that» is that he is a great t, scientific , investigator. He thinks1 he has discovered a cure for cancers and a cure-for consumption. Hb, reads the medical,journals, and ^tHès'experiments. in a room ho calls "his laboratory. Once or twice he ne^^plSW'himself up with chemi *f' " But abput^the dog-" « > « Well, it seems lately he has been reading a great deal about hydro- phobia and Pasteur's expèriments',' and he conceived~*the idea that he would try and be the English Pasteur, so he went to the Dogs' Home and got'aidbg't'b begin with." \- . " Why did his keeper or his ser- vant, or,-whatever you like: to ^eall him, allow such a thing ?" -, , ,.,, ¡ : " He hadn't* the slightest idea what i he...was .going, to db,".'< he'- say si' I "He. simply thought, he'd/bought} a idog arid brought it hobie. It,was not till afterwards that'' he learut hè'd^been ! trying experiments'ori. it." ' V ii j ; "Where did he get the virus, pr whatever'tlie stuff is ?". v'.., , , , j , " My dear "sir, he» never got any at all. That's where his. madness comes in-". __. V 1 - /:" v: ' ! . ' r k ' i ;> - . ? - "What, do you. moah, to say, he didn't do'anything'at the' dog ?" ' " Oh. yes,'he: undoubtedly ran tho point ot' a needle .into ithe,dog, and that made' the dog leap up and bolt, and it was .recollecting- that needle made the_ dog howl and run ' away when the poor lunatic came to see you." , " But the virus which was on the point of ¡the needle ?" ,. " Nothing to hurt. Itseems that he told Iiis mari a'day or twö'ago to get him some hydrophobia-virus.7-. If he asked for-a'-bit ot the moon* the man would go out and bring him in some- thing.' 'He always says that it is part pf .his ,duty." So .he. went out.and bought a sixpenny bottle of gum, mixed1 a.little 'of it with 'some Hour and-water, and put it in a little phial, and said he had brought it from the College of Surgeons;-' ?? -, .. " Then there was no virus on the needle ?" - "Absolutely none. .1 have;ascer-: tained beyond a shade of doubt that the facts aro as I toll-them to you." . . I jumped up, andran. to the study door arid ? unlocked 'it'.' ? Ghost came bounding-outj and followed me into the dining-room.\ . <? - '? - "? "Hero is the dog," I said. The Inspector stooped down and patted him. "He is a nice dog," ho said, " and I should say there was not au atom of virus about him. At any rate, there i is no hydrophobia." . ... _ He held his hand out, and the dog licked it. . I. was. satisfied that the Inspector, hus ascertained the truth of tho story' ho'd told mo. Ghost, 'tho >vhitd dog who carno to riíó bf id hight in' such a mysterious way, is still a member of my house- hold, and he still:lies at night.under my study ,table while I am at work. I 'never saw- the poor . mad "fellow, who giivo mo .such a terrible fright, again ; and I am by ho means anxious, to roiiew the honour of: his acquaint tance. . ' ; -'J y;; '". : . .¿.....vi,"-)'1 1'"' Ho gave radii very bad twenty-four hours, and mighty had I been less cautious, have; flung/my household into a state bf absolute panie. lam quito suro, had,,'my servants over known tho story, there is not one of them who.would not have given me notice on tho spot, and have Hed from ^he.ipreseiied of that terrible'white dog ; and tliby would probably have been'-haunted with tho fear of deve- loping suddon symptoms 'of hydro- phobia for the rest of their natural lives.','. :/! \;:|.': , 't < '. Ghost, so far from ¡suffering-; from tho madman's .experiment,' profiled by''it'.'., ' 'Wileri ' he fled'' iii 'terror f rom tho prick bf his/new master's needle' chance led him .to a home where his '. gpod( qualities' aro .appreciated, and where' he will be ari honoured guest ?as long'.as.he lives, 'tile is. one of the few whose position has beeri mator iiálly::improved by' tho hydrophobia, '. scare..'"?''!.'...',.''.?'. '.j' !.,'. . ' :.' .'. .'. '. [THK END.] ... 