CLARENCE. CHAPTER II. Bt BRet harte. The laugh that instinctively broke from Ularenoes hps wag so sincere and unaffected toat the man was disconcerted, and at last jomedin italittleshamefaoedly. Thejrrotesque blunder of bmng taken as a fugitive from justice relieved Clarenoe's mind from its acute tension—he was momentarily diverted, and it was not until the boatman had departed and be was again alone that it seemed to have any collateral eignifioanoe. Then an uneasy reoolleetoon of Susy's threat that she had the P° wer to put his wife i n Fort Alcatruz came fu* 0 " 8 • - un * Could she have already warned tbe municipal authorities, and this man ? But he quiokly remembered any action trom such a warning coukl only have beentaken by the United States marshal and not by » civio official, and dismissed the idea. Nevertheless when the stage, with its halfspent lamps still burning dimly against the morning light, swept round the ourve and rolled heavily up to the rude shanty whioh served as ooaeh office, he became watchful. A single yawning individual in its doorway received a few letters and parcels, but Clarenoe was evidently the only waiting passenger. Any hope that he might have entertained that hia mysterious predecessor would emerge from some seclusion at that moment was disappointed. As he entered tbe ooaeh he ma<1e a rapid survey of his fellow-travellers, but satisfied himself that the stranger was not among them. They were mainly small traders or farmers, a miner or two, and apparently a Spanish American of better degree and personality. Possibly the oiroumstances that men of this class usually preferred to travel on horseback and were rarely seen in publio conveyances attracted his attention, and their eyes met more than onoe in mutual cariosity. Presently Clarenoe addressed a remark to him in Spanish; he replied fluently and courteously, but at the next stopping :placo he asked a question of the expressman in an unmistakable Missouri accent. Clarence's curiosity was satisfied ; he was evidently one of those early American settlers who had been so long domiciled in Southern California as to adopt the speech as well as the habiliments of tbe Spaniard. Tbe oon vernation fell on the political news of the previous night, or rather seemed to be lazily continued from some previous more ezoited discussion, in which one of the contestants, a red-bearded miner, had subsided into an oooaaional growl of surly dissent. It •trade Clarence that the Missonrian had been an amused auditor, and even, judging from a twinkle in hie eye, a mischievous instigator of the controversy. He was not surprised, theretee, when the man turned to him with a certain oourtesy and said, "And what, air, is the political feeling in your district?" Bat Clarence was in no need to be drawn,. and replied almost curtly that as he had only come from San Francisco they were probably as wall informed on that aabjeot as himself. A qoiok and searching glanoe from the etracer's eye made him reject it, but in the (ilenoe that ensued the red-bearded passenger, evidently still rankling at heart, saw his opportunity. Slapping his huge hawk on his knees, and leaning far forward until he seemed to plunge his flaming beard —like a firebrand — into the controversy, he Bsidgrimly— "Well, I kin tell you, genlmen this! It ain't go in' to be no matter wots the political fctling here or there ; it ain't goin' to be no matter wots State't rights and wot's Fed'ral rights ; it ain't goin' to be no question whether the Gor'mmt'a get the right to relieve its own soldiers that those Seoesh is beaiegin in Fort Sumter or whether they haven't; but tbe first gun that's fired at the flag blows the chains off every d nigger south of the Masott and Diroa's line! You hear me ? I'm shoulon') And whether you call yourselves 'Seoesh' or 'Union,' or 'Copper Head,' or 'Peace Men,' you got to face it!" There waa an angry start in one or two of the stain, one man oaught at the swinging side strap and half rose, a husky voioe began "It's a d d " and then all as suddenly subsided. Every eye was turned to an insignifioant figure in the back seat. It was a wotnaa holding a child on her lap and gazing out of the window with her sex's profound unconcern in poktios. Clarenoe understood the rade chivalry of the road well enough to comprehend that this unconsaious but omnipotent figure had, more than onoe that day, controlled the passions of the disputants. They dropped back weakly to their seats, and their muttsrings rolled off in the rattle of the wheels. Clarenoe glanoed at the Missonrian. He was regarding the red-bearded miner with a singular curiosity. The rain had oeased. but the afternoon shadows were deepening when they at last reached Pair Plains, whence Clarenoe expected to prooesd to the Ranoho. He was astonished, however, to learn that all the horses in the stable -were engaged, but remembering that some of his own atook were in pasturage with a tenant at Fair Plains, and that he should probably have a better selection, he turned his stops thither. Passing out of the Btable yard he reoognised the Missourian'a voice in whispered conversation with the proprietor, but tbe two men withdrew into the shadow M he approached. An ill-defined uneasiness oame ov6r him; he knew the proprietor, who also seemed to know the Missonrian, and the evident avoidanoe of him was significant. Perhaps his reputation as s doubtful Unionist had preoeded him, but this would not aooount for their condaot in a district so strongly southern in sympathy as Fair Plains. More impressed by the occurrence than he cared to admit, when at last, after some delay, he had seoured his horseanil was onoe more in the saddle, he kept a sharp lookout for his quondam companion. But here" another circumstance added to his suspicions; there was a main road leading to Santa Inez, the next town, and the Ranoho, and this .Clarenoe had purposely taken in order to watch the Missourian; but there was a cut-off directly to the Ranoho, known only to the habitues of the Ranoho. After a few minutes' rapid riding on a mustang muoh superior to any in the hotel stables he was satisfied that the stranger mnst have taken theeut-ofL Potting spurs to his horse, he trusted still to preoede him to the Ranoho, if that was his destination. As he darted along the familiar road, by a strange perversity of fano?, instead of thinking of his purpose, he found himself recalling the firBt time he had ridden that way in the flush of his youth and hopefulness. The girlsweetheart he was then going to rejoin was now the wife of another; the woman who had been her guardian was now . his own wife. He had acoepted without \- a pang the young gill's dereliction, but it was through her revelation that he was now about to oonfront the gereliotion of his own wife. And this was the reward of his youthful trust and loyalty. A bitter laugh broke from his lips. It was part of his still youthful selfdelusion that he believed himself wiser and tronger for it. It was quite dark when he reached the upper field or first terraoe of the Ranoho. He oould •ee the white rolls of the cata rising dimly out of the green sea of early wild grasses, like a . phantom island. It was here that the "out off" joined the main road, now the only one that led to the cata. He was satisfied that no one oould have preceded him from Fair Plains, butifc was true thit he must make precautions against his own discovery. Dismounting near a clomp of willows, he unsaddled and unbridled his horse, and with a out of the riota over its haunches sent it flying across the field in the direotion of a band of feeding mustangs, which it presently joined. Then keeping well in the shadows of a belt of a'oruboaks he skirted the Ion? lesser teriace of the cata, intending to approach the house by way of the old garden and oorrsl. A drizzling rain occasionally driven by the wind into long misty ourtain-like waves obscured th<= prospect and favoured his derign. He reached the low adobe wall of the corral ia safety; looking over he oould deteot in spite of the darkness that a number of the horses wero of alien brands, and even recognised one or two from the Santa Inez district. The vague outlines of buggies and carryalls filled tbe long shed beside the stables. There was company at the asa—so far Susy wos rieht. Nevertheless, still lingering by tbe wall of the old garden for the deepening 'of maht, his nervous feverishness was again invaded and benumbed by sullen memories. There was the opening left by the old grille in the wall, behind whioh, on the morning when he thought he was leaving the ranch for ever he had first clasped M.rs. Peyton in his arms— and had stayed. A turn of the head, a moment's indecision, a single glance of a languorous eye, had brought this culmination. And now he stood again before the ruined grille, his house and lands, even his name misused by a mad scheming adventuress, and himself a creeping spy of his own dishonour. He turned with a bitter smile again to the garden. A few dark red Castilian roses still leaned forward and swayei in the wind with dripping leaves. It was here that the first morning cf his arrival be had kissed Susy; the perfume and colour of hnr pink skin came back to him with a sudden shock as be stood thore; he caught at the flower, drew it towards him and inhaled its odour in a long breath that left him faint and leaning against the wall. Then he smiled, but this time more wiokedly—in what he believed was the ipringing up of the first instinct of revenge. It was now dark enough for him to venture across the carriage road, and make his way to the rear of the hou&e.; His first characteristic inBtinot had been to enter openly at his own front gate, but the terrible temptation to overbear and watoh the conspiracy unobserved —that fascination oommen to deoeived humanity to witness its own shame—had grown upon him. He knew that a word or gesture of explanation, apology, appeal or Even terror from his wife would check his rage and weaken his purpose. His perfect knowledge of the house, and the sorority of its * Copyright 1891, by BRET HABTE. inmates, would enable him from some obscure landing or gallery to participate in any secret oonolave they might hold in the patio—the only place suitable for so numerous a rendezvous. The absence of light in the few external windows pointed to this central gathering. And he had already conceived his plan of entrance. Gaining the rear wall of the cata, he began cautiously to skirt its brambly base, until he had reached a long oven-like window half obliterated by a monstrous passion vine. It wat the window of what had once been Mrs. Peyton's boudoir; the window by which he had onoe found an entrance to tbe house when it was in tbe hands of squatters, tbe window from which Susy had signalled her Spanish lover, the window whose grating had broken the neck of Judge Peyton's presumed assassin. But these recollections no longer delayed him; the moment for aotion had arrived, fie knew that sinoe the tragedy tbe boudoir bad been dismantled and shunned; the servants believed it to be haunted by tbe assassin s ghost. With the aid of the passion vine the ingress was easy ; the interior window was open; the rustle of dark leaves on the bare floor as he entered and the whirr of a frightened bird by his ear told the story of its desolation and the source of thefctrange noises that had been heard there. The door leadiug to the corridor was lightly bolted merely to keep it from rattling in the wind ; slipping the bolt with the blade of his pocket knife he peered into the dark passage. The light streaming under a door to the left and the sound of voices convinoed him that his conjecture was right, and the_ meeting was gathered on tbe broad baloonies around the patio. He knew that a narrow gallery, faced with Venetian blinds to exclude the sun, looked down upon them. He managed to gain it without discovery. Luckily the blinds were still down. Between their slats, himself invisible, be oould hear and see everything that occurred. Yet even at this supreme moment the first thing that struck him was the almost ludicrous contrast between the appearance of the meeting and its tremendous objeot. Whether he was influenced by any previous boyish oonoeption of a oloudy and gloomy conspiracy he did not know, but he was for an inBtant almost disconcerted by an apparent levity and festivity of the oonolave. Decanters and glasses stood on small tables before them; nearly all were drinking snd smoking. They comprised fifteen or twenty men, some whose faces were familiar to him elsewhere as Southern politicians, a few he was shooked to see were well known Northern democrats. Occupying a characteristically oentral position was the famous Colonel Starbottle, of Virginia; jaunty and yputhful looking in his masklike, beardless faoe, expressive and dignified in his middle-aged port and carriage, he alone retained something of the importance—albeit slightly theatrical and affected—of the occasion. Clarenoe in his first hurried elanoe had not observed his wife, and for a moment had felt relieved. But as Colonel Starbottle arose at that moment and with a studiously chivalrous and courtly manner turned to his right, he saw that she was sitting at the further end of the baloony, and that a man, whom he reoognised as Captain Pinokney, was standing beside her. The blood quiokly tightened around his heart, but left him cold and observant. It was seldom indeed, remarked Colonel Starbottle, placing his fat white fingers in the frill of his shirt-front, that a movement like this was graoed with the aotual presence of a lofty, inspiring, yet delioate spirit— a Boadioea—indeed he might say a Joan of Arc — in the person of their oharming hostess, Mrs. Branht! Not only were they favoured by her social and hospitable ministration. but by her active and enthusiastic co- operation in the glorious work they had in hand. It was through her correspondence and earnest advooaoy that they were to be favoured to-night with the aid and oounsel of one of the mostdietinguished and powerful men in the southern distriot of California, Judge Beeswinger, of Los Aryeles. He had not the hononr of that gentleman's personal acquaintaaee; he believed he was not far wrong in saying that this was also the misfortune of every gentleman present, but the n«me itself was a tower of strength. He would go further and say that Mrs. Brant herself was personally unacquainted with him, but is was through the fervour, poetry, grace, and genius of her correBjJbndenoe with that gentleman that they were to have the honour of his presence that very evening. It was understood that adviceB had been reoeived of his departure, and that he might beexpeoted at Robles at any moment. " But what proof have we of Judge Beeswinger's soundness?" said a'lazy Southern voioe at the oonolusion of Colonel Star bottle's periods. " Nobody here seems to know him by sight; is it not risky to admit a man to our meeting whom we are unable to identify ?" " I reokon nobody but a fool or some prying mudsill of a Yankee would trust his skin here," said another, "and if he did we'd know what to do with him." But Clarence's attention was riveted on his wife, and the significant speeoh passed him as unheeded as had the colonel's rhetoric. She was looking very handsome and slightly flushed, with a proud light in her eyes that he had never seen before. Absorbed in the discussion, she seemed to be paying little attention to Captain Pinckney, as she rose suddenly to her feet. "Judge Beeswinger will be attended here by Mr. MoNiel, of the Fair Plains Elotel, who will vouch for him and introduce him,"she said in a clear vioce, which rang with an im periousness that Clarenoe well remembered.- "The Judge was to arrive by the ooaeh from Martinez to Fair Plains and is due now." " But is thens no gentleman to introduce him ? Must we take him on the word of a common trader—by Jove—a whisky seller,' 1 oontinued the previous voioe sneeringly. "On the word of a lady, Mr. Brooks,"said Captain Pinckney with a slight gesture towards Mrs. Brant, "who answers for both." Clarenoe had started slightly at his wife's voice and the information ic conveyed. Hia fellow- passenger and the oonfidant of MoNiel was the man they were expecting. If they had reoognised him, Clarenoe, would they not warn the company of his proximity ? He held hie breath as the sound of voices oame from the outer gate of tbe oourtyard. Mrs. Brant rose, but at the same moment the gate swung open and a man entered. It was the Missourian. e turned with an old-fashioned courtesy to f single woman standing on the balcony. "My fair correspondent, I believe. I an Judge Beeswinger. Tour agent McNiel passed me through your guards at the gate; but I did not deem it advisable to bring bim into this assembly of gentlemen without your further consideration. I trust I was right." The quiot dignity and self-possession, the ouaint, old-fashioned oolonial precision of speech, modified by a soft Virginian intonation, and, above all, some singular individuality in tbe man himself, produoed a profound sensation, and seemed to suddenly give the gathering an impreesiveness it had lacked before. For an instant Clarence forgot himself and his personal wrongs in the shock of indignation he felt at this potent addition to the ranks of hia enemies. He saw his wife's ey6s sparkle with pride over ber acquisition, and noticed that Pinckney cast a disturbed glance at tbe new oomor. The stranger ascended the few stops to the baloony and took Mrs. Brant's hand with profound courtesy:—"Introduce me to my colleagues—diatmotly and separately. It behoves a man at such a moment to know to whom he entrusts his life and honour and tbe life and honour of his cause." It was evidently no mere formal courtesy of the stranger. As he stepped forward along the balcony, and under Mrs. Brant's graceful guidance was introduced to each of the members, he not only listened with scrupulous care and attention to the name and profession of each mac, but bent upon him a clear, searching glance, that seemed to photograph him in his memory. With two exceptions. He passed Colonel Starbottle's expanding shirt frill with a bow of elaborate precision, and said " Colonel Starbottle's fame requires neither introduotion nor explanation." He stopped bpforeCr.ptain Pinokney and paused. "An officer of the United State? army, I believe, sir1" " Yee." " Educated at West Point, I think, by the Government, to whom you have taken the oath of allegiance ?" "Yes." " Very good, sir," said the stranger, turning away. "You have forgotten one other faot, sir," said Piackney, with a singularly supercilious air. " Indeed. What is it ? "I am, first of all, a native of the State of South Carolina!" A murmur of applause and approval ran round the balcony. Captain Pinokney smiled and exchanged glances with Mrs. Brant, but the stranger quietly returned to the central table beside Colonel Starbottle. "I am not only an unexpected delegate to this august assembly, gentlemen," he began gravely, " but I am the bearer of perhaps equally unexpected news. By my position in tbn Southern distriot I am in possession of despatches received only this mornin? by pony express. Fort Sumpter has been besieged. The United States flag o&rrying; relief to the beleaguered garrison has been fired upon by the State of South Carolina." A buret of almost hyvteric tpplaiise and enthusiasm broke trom the assembly and made the dim vault-like passages ani corridors of the rata ring. Cheer after cheer rent up to the veiled gallery and tbe misty sky beyond. Men mounted on the tables and waved their bands frantically, and in tbs midst of this bewildering turbulence of sound and motion Clarence saw his wife, mounted on a chair, with burning cheeks and flashing eyes, waving her handkerohiet like an inspired priestess. Only the stranger, still standing beside Colonel Starbottle, remained unmoved and impassive. Then with an imperative gesture he demanded a sudden silence. " Convincing and unanimoaus as this demonstration is, gentlemen," he began quietly, "it it is my duty, nevertheless, to ask you if you have seriously considered the meaning of the news I have brought. It is my duty to tell you that it means oivil war. It means the olash of arms between two sections of a mighty country; it means the disruption of friends, the breaking of family ties, the separation of fathers and sons, of brothers aud sisters—even perhaps to the disseverment of husband and wife !" " It means the sovereignty of the South— and the breaking of a covenant with low-born traders and abolitionists," said Captain Pinckn 6 " If there are any gentlemen present," continued the stranger without heeding the interruption, "who have pledged this State to the support of the South in this emergency, or to the establishment of a Pa uflo Republic is aid and sympathy with it, whose names are on this paper'"—he lifted a sheet of paper lying before Colonel Starbottle—" but who now feel that the gravity of the news demands a more serious consideration of the purpose, they -ire at liberty to withdraw from the meeting—giving tbeir honour as Southern gentlemen to keep the secret intaot." " Not if I know it," interrupted a stalwart Eentuekian, as he rose to his feet and strode down the steps to the patio. "For," he added, placing his back against the gateway, " I'll shoot the first ooward that backs out now." A roar of laughter and approval followed, but was silenced again by the quiet unimpassioned voice of the stranger. "If, on the other hand," he went on oalmly, "you all feel this news is the fitting onlmination and consecration of the hopes, wishes, and plane of this meeting, you will assert it again on your own signatures to Colonel Starbottle at this table." When the Kentuckian had risen Clarence had started from his concealment; when he now saw figures pressing forward to the table he hesitated no longer. Slipping along the passage he reached the staircase which led to the corridor in the rear of the balcony. Descending this rapidly, he not only oame upon the backs of the excited crowd around the table, but even elbowed one of the conspirators aside without being noticed. His wife, who had risen from her ohair at the end of the balcony, was already moving towards the table. With a quick movement he seized her wrist, and threw her back into the chair again. A cry broke from ber lips as she recognised him, but still holding her wrist he stepped quiokly between her and the astonished crowd. There was a moment of silence—then thecryof "spy,"and"seize him"rosequickly but above all the voice and figure of the Missourian was beard commanding them to stand back. Turning to Clarence, he said quickly— "I should know your face, sir; who are you?" " The husband of this woman and the master of this house," said Clarence, as quietly, but in a voioe he hardly reoognised as his own. " Stand aside from her then, unless you are hoping that her^danger may protect you?" said the Kentuckian significantly, drawing his revolver. But Mrs. Brant sprang suddenly to her feet beside Clarence. "We are neither of us oowards, Mr. Brooks—though he speaks the truth, and more shame to me"—she added, with a look of savage scorn at Clarence, "he it my husband /" " But what is your purpose in coming here?" continued Judge Beeswinger with his eyes fixed on Clarenoe. "I have given you all the information," said Clarenoe, quietly, " that is neoessary to make you, as a gentleman, leave this house at once—and that is my purpose. It is all tbe information you will get irom me as long as you and your friends insult my wife with your uninvited presenoe. What I may have to say to you and each of vou hereafter — what I may choose to demand of you, according to' your own oode of honour"—he fixed his eyes on Captain Pinnkney's—"is another question, and one not usually discussed before a lady." " Pardon me a moment—a single moment." It was the voice of Colonel Starbottle—it wai the frilled shirt front, the lightly buttoned blue ooat, with its expanding lapels, like bursting petals, and the smiling mask of that gentleman rising above the table, and bowing to Clarence Brant and his wife with infinite courtesy. "The—er—humiliating situation in which we find ourselves, gentlemen—the reluctant witnesses of—er—what we trust is oniy a temporary disagreement between our charming hostess and th6 er—gentleman whom she had recognised under the highest title to our consideration, is distressing to us all, and would seem to amply justify that gentleman's olaims to a personal satisfaction, whioh, I know, we would all delight to give. But that situation rests upon the supposition that our gathering here was of a purely social or festive nature. It may be," continued the Colonel with a blandly reflective air. " that the speotacle of these decanters and glasses, and the nectar furnished us by our Hebe-like hostess," he lifted a glass of whisky and water to his lips, while he bowed to Mrs. Brant gracefully, "has led the gentleman to such a deduotion. But when I suggest to him that our meeting was of a business or private nature it strikes me that the question of intrusion may be fairly divided between him and ourselves. We may be even justified in view of that privacy, in asking him if his—er—sntranoe to this house WAS—ER—coincident with his appearance among us." "With my front door in possession of strangers," said Clarence, more in reply to a sudden contemptuous glance from his wife than Starbottle's insinuation, "I entered the house through the window." "Of my boudoir—where another intruder once broke his neck," interrupted hie wife with a mocking laugh. " Where I once helped this lady to regain possession of her house when it was held by another party of illegal trespassers, who, however, were oontent to call themselves 'jumpers,'and did not claim the privacy of gentlemen." " Do you mean to imply, sir," began Colonel Starbottle haughtily, "that" "I mean to imply," said Clarence, with quiet acorn, "that I have neither the wish to know nor the sliehest oonoern in any purpose that brought you here, and that when youqu^t the house you take your secrets and your privacy with you intact, without let or hindrance from me." "Do you mean to gay, Mr. Brant," said Judge Beeswinger, suppressing the angry interruptions of his fellows with a dominant wave of bis hand as he fixed his eyes on Ol&renae; keenly, " that you have no sympathy with your wife's politioal sentiments?" " I have already given you the information necessary to make you quit thia house, and that is all you have a right to know," returned Clarence. "But I can answer for him," said Mrs. Brant, rising, with a quivering voice and ourliner lip. " There is no sympathy between us. We are as far apart as th6 poles. We have nothing in oomtnon—bat the house and his name." "But you are husband and wife — bound together by a sacred compact." " A couipaoC," echoed Mrs. Brant with a bitter laa^h. "Yes: the compacb that binds South Carolina to the nigger worshipping Massachusetts. The compact that links together white and black, the gentleman and the trader, the planter and tbe poor white, th6 corapaot of those United Stares ! Bah, that has been broken and so can this." Clarence's faoe paled. But before be could speak there was a rapid clattering at the gate, and a dismounted vaquero entered excitedly. Turning to Mrs. Braut he said hurriedly, " Mother of God ! the ensa is surrounded by a rabble of mounted men, and there is one among them even now who demands admittance in the name of the law." "This is your work," said Brooks, facing Clarence furiously, "you hive brought them with you, but; they shall not save yoa !" He would have c'utohed Clarence, but the powerful arm of Judge Beeswinger intervened. Nevertheless he still struggled to reach Clarence, appealing to the others, " Are you fools to stand there and let him triumph ? Don't you see the cowardly Yankee trick he's played upon us "Ho has not," taid Mrs. Brant haughtily. "I hav& no reason to love bim or his friends —but I know he does not lie." "Gentlemen ! Gentleman !" implored Colonel Starbottle with bearir.? aad unctuous persuacion, " May I — er — remark — that all Shia is far from the question. Are we to be eHrmed because an awkward rabble, no matter whence they come, demand entranoo here in thr came of the law. I am not aware of any law of the State of California that ws are infringing. By all moons ad nit them." The gate was thrown open. A single thiokset man, apparently unarmed, and dressed like an ordinary traveller, followed by half a dozsn other equally unpretentious looking men, entered. The leader turned to the balcony. " I a:n the Chief of Police of San Franoisco. I have warrants for the arrest of Colonel Culpepper Starbottle, Joehna Brooks, Captain Pinokney, Clarence Brant, and Alice his wife, and other;? otiirged with oxciting to not and unlawful practice calculated so disturb the peace of the State of California and its relations with thu Federal Government," said the luader in a dry official voioe, Clarence started. In spite of its monotonous utterance it WAS the voicr- of the red-beardad controversialist of the stage coach. But where was hid characteristic beard and hair? Involuntarily Clarenoe elanoed at Judge Beeswinger; that gentleman was quietly regarding the stranger with an impassive faoe that betrayed no recognition whatever. " But the Oity of San Francisco has no jurisdiotion here," said Colonel Starbottle, turning a bland smile towards hits fellowmembers. "I am—er—sorry to inform you that you are simply trespassing, sir." "I am here also as Deputy Sheriff," returned the stranger ooolly. " We were unable to locate the precise place of this meeting, although we knew of its existenoe. I was swore in this morning at Santa Cruz, by the Judge of this distriot, and these gentlemen with me are my poszd." There was a quiok movement of resistance by tbe members, which was, however, again waived blandly aside by Colonel Starbottle. Leaning forward in a slightly forensic attitude, with his fingers on the table and a shirt frill that seemed to have become of itself ereotile, he said with pained but polite preoision, " I grieve to have to state, sir, that even that position is utterly untenable here. I am a lawyer myself — as my friend here—Judge Beeswinger — eh ? — I beg your pardon ?" The officer of the law had momentarily started, with his eyes fixed on Judge Beeswinger, who, however, seemed to be quietly writing at the table. " As Judge Beeswinger," continued Colonel Starbottle, " will probably tell you—and as a jurist himself he will also probably agree with me when I also inform you that, as the United States (.government is au aggrieved party, it id a matter of the Federal Oourts to prosecute, and that the only officer we can reoognise is the United States Marshal for the district. When I add that the Marshal, Colonel Craokenthorpe, is one of my oldest friends, and an active sympathizer with the South in the present struggle you will understand that any aotion from him in this matter is exceedingly improbable." Ihe general murmur of laughter, relief, and approval was broken by the quiet voioe of Judge Beeswinger. "Let me see your warrant, Mr. Deputy- Sheriff." The officer approaohed him with a slightly perplexed and constrained air, and exhibited the paper. Judge Beeswinger handed it back to him. "Colonel Starbottle is quite right in bis oontention," he said quietly; "the only ofiioer that thiB assembly can reoogniae is the United States Marshal or his legal deputy. But Colonel Starbottle is wrong in his supposition that Colonel Craokenthorpe still retains the functious of that office. He was removed by the President of the United States, and his suooessor was appointed and sworn in by the Federal Judge early this morning." He paused, and folding up the paper on whioh he had been writing, placed it in the hands of the Depnty, "And this," he oontinued in the same even voice, "constitutes you his deputy, and wiil enable you to carry out your duty in coming here." " What the devil does this mean, sir? Who are you ?" gasped Colonel Starbottle, recoiling suddenly from the man at his side. " I am the United States Marshal for the Southern Distriot of California." 