REMINISCENCES OF OLD BENDIGO. No. XII. BY DANIEL MERINGTON. If the face of the country where this ghost of a rush prevails is but little changed, if even the character of many holes sunk calls to mind the new chum excavations of vanished days—“wide as a church porch” on the surface and of the capacity of a small family pie-dish on bottom—yet is the pcrsotfnel of the coucoursc sadly changed ' The pushing, jostling, bullying, jumping blue shirt pipeclay pinchers arc replaced, for the most part by store .clothed ex-tributors, minor’s oft shift or out of collar, and dolettanti .diggers who come in' buggies!- True that .Break o’-day ,Jem, Sunrise Harry, Kangaroo Smith and other identities of the post are on the ground ; but they arc old, some of them very old, and ago has dulled in thorn the edge of hope, of excitement, oven of faith in the locality itself or-the veracity of the pseudo slug Anders. Still,'true to their old instincts, they follow the scent, patched but not ragged neat, ns a rule -decidedly not gaudy; they mark out their claims not hap-hazard like the rest, but with duo regard, taught by long ex perience, of the contour of the gully. Their frosty pews and "soil-stained'moleskins fleck the prevailing scone of tweed and boxer, hat. To parody the young Ireland bard of 1848: Up from their burrows at Sydney Flat; Down from the. lightning rugged, Grey beard and white head come trooping iu \- To hunt for a slug or nugget. 1 Shades of Davis and Duffy, forgive - us! Those elderly, old and very old, men (real pioneers of Bendigo, ” although their offlgios appear not in the voluminous portrait-sheet, of Messrs. Hansen Walker) almost the only remaining relics of arohaio diggordom, can nothing' bo done, to alleviate in some measure the toilsome and ill-paid drudgery of their lot? Beading in this "daily broadsheet the report of the appearance before the City Court of 18 evicted “ unemployed” from the Bhow Grounds, who for four months (in some instances) have boorod and-fed at the expense of the surrounding neighborhood in listless, idleness; noting the gush. and. sym pathy bestowed upon sturdy beggars, “ aged from 18 to 451"—a .gush in which their ad r vacate (Icyol- beaded man) was nearly moved to leave, the bench well-nigh sobbed, the •prosecuting inspector repented bitterly, and, tbO' gcnotaj-audienco supplemented Marks’s half-guinea with a reckless profusion of thcee pennies. Beading this,'*! say, and contrasting the recipients of .this, semi-lachrymal atm quite pecuniary condolence with' the “derri bungs” and"“flour bogs" (aboriginal items of affectionate respect for snow-capped tnombers • of their tribes)-amongst whom I now pitch, X am .bewildered. Lazarus, son of and minor, of one of-thp very crowd to whose remnant 1 'now call attention, presided at the court on this occasion, Bis remarks, as reported, oh giving the banoal decision, were admirable. During the four months in which some of those able- bodied “squatters,”. (I am careful to say .some of thorn, only, for surely all could not.have been black-mailers, woman bullion, .and pesfcorers of passengers for the price of a loaf (I)—.doubtless, there wore honest and willing work-scokors in their ’ranks) during that time Fronohy, , Jom, Barry, and dozens more whom loan point out, averaging close on to-the allotted span of .throe-scoro and. ten, have toiled and moiled from fervid February to bitter Juno in these’ . Wbipstick’ gullies, tor wages whoso tripled, amount would bo spurned with contumely by the toar-boalabhorcd Trades’ Council defended faineants of last.week’s presentment. To ray ■ certain knowledge' - many of thoso : plucky; ahdomplaining old “ novor-say-dles” havb not averaged more ■ than two 'pennyweights per week-Bome not ovon that poor pittance—in inthisppried. ? In spmp'.instances, -a weekly halforown dole from the “Benevolent,’ 1 a gift of-meat from tne kind ladies .of -Bag\o hawk bavp supplemented their ;'scanty ; in ■obtnos ; in others,: a’ day’a or yard ploarag baS 'bpbn a wolcomo windfall of' a ,'fow: -shillings,, . supplpmpnthd. by halt-worn, .olpthShg.from oldrealdonts of' lho ; 'bqrou'gb,- bliaritnbiy mrndfui of' days whon pielr'and shovel made us all equal—when Toth was not thfo nor., .Mao, “his warship.”; Gallapt but miagutdod- old fosails !; Why, in place of sinking, countless duffers in dry weather ond carrying and JtiuPket of spopkloss: mullocb' half- a milo tb - nearest' water ; ofohaonol-raking .and * color-hunting' when the rain. comoa,.6f: working;;, hard in all: weathers from morn night ‘ana rcturhihgtb, vdur cheerless ‘bVmps with impopdreusj “whiddlos” pr, joy-begetting, hope-inspiring grains Which: may’ portond;a, pennyweight for thb*m'orrow.Why, doff ye not-, yourpatohed; and*; sbil-atained garu\6nla>’and, . and .in ti;e’j bbraor importunibg wbyfarbrs'for blms? How ia It your notnoa appear not In police jJJJJ J >, ab -vaorMUi, petty thieves ftnd fltickorfl-up of Jonoly boniowivos 10 1 whore the men bread-winners are ovor , .. . p ehlft”’ fti” oortain ' hours each day or nightr RsliawTYe aro not built that way; Sympathy 1* afforded you, not do you ask for muon* but it seems rough that so much of too article should bo lavished upon tbo 8 roaU' wago-refusing unemployed ■ ftn “ ® 0 ., - ,, ® allotted to ancadging, employed-all-tho-Urne half-starvelinga like youraolved. Bo of goou ; obcor, however, the lime is coming when men of tbroo-soore shall died to work no longer iho bare necessities of life, or bo grudgingly helped with tbo small coin of private charity} when (he. Stale shall rodog iilso that four decades of honest toll unstained by crime, have paid full promUuna for an assnranao of rest, food, olotblng, and lodging henceforth to the ondi' Yet more, when this Act of Common Justice- shall bo going through committee, some large-hearted mom* her shall arise aud plead that ye who, in the days whon gold was plentiful amassed by your banks, lavished much of tho metal upon grog and tobacco, thereby adding largely - beyond your, share to tho revenue of your country shall bo requited with beer and wood to your hearts desire. That member will bo-bowled down by the pump-handles who drink or,, smoko not, and the fat mon who drink and smoko nt homo, and his clausa will bo lost by a majority of tho other members who were drunk last night and- wanted to fight tbo Speaker, but tho bill will pass, dear old boys, and, after two rejections by tho Council, will bo looked on-to tho “Appropriation” ami carried—largO'hparted member’s clause and all. True, yo will, to some extent, bo dead and buried by that time, but it is consoling to reflect that by Nature's Inflexible law, ns interpreted by Darwin, tho fittest will survive. Saul an old Wbipstlokor to. mo tho other day: “Do you mind tho time) Mr. Merontoo, whou you and Tom Carpenter came down to Klystan Flat, electioneering along with John Young and all that crowd? Gold was plen tiful them days. Lord, bow wo did make it fly.” “ Do you ever feol sorry for the way you molted it in those limes?” “Sorry? No. Wo got It easy and wo - spent it free, If it didn’t do us much,good it was tho makin’s of thorn, that got it from ue, and knowod how to uso it. wo had our fun oat of It while it lasted ; but I certainly never did tbink things would have como down so awful .bloomin’ low as they arc.” A digger’s history in naco. “Not for yourselves did ho galbcr honey. Oh yo boos! ” ‘ , I tbink it was In ’53 and when returning from tho Molingul rush Hint throe Frenchmen and myself got bushed in tho Whipstick scrub and wore four days perambulating its maizes. It was winter time and wild cattle-were not unfrequont, though none came within range of tho fowling piece wo carried. In places their footprints held water, and occasional natural hollows gave us a good drink at intervals so that wo aid not suffer from drought, but solid ailment was very scarce. Malice hens and other native game, if not plentiful should at least have been of occasional occurence, but none came within our reach; a nearly putrid beast, from which ho out steaks which nearly poisoned us, and a brace of crows furnished our entire bill of fare" for tho four‘days. It would bo ungrateful to speak slightingly of tho two bush-warblers who thus stayed our famine on tho third evening hut, like the Yankee who in similar distress, had partaken of crow-meat, we “didn’t hanker artor no more on it.” Wo struck Sailor’s Gully soon after midday following' - and sacked the first larder that came'to hand; our hospital enter tainers being glad “there weren’t no more of us” and suggesting a speedy departure for Kangaroo Flat before it got dark. Except in patches which might have been circumvented without much difficulty. tho scrub was no.t exceptionally dense, but wo hardly once saw tho sun during our internment and had no compass, so that our progression was circular in directions as may bo supposed, and our final attainment of tho desired goal little 'short of a miracle. Truly, after the first, two days the position was not inspiriting to four how-chums utterly ignorant of surrounding geography. A foggy haze gave little chance of “lining” from tree to tree ahead and circum scribed, the view, from such-as wo climbed, to very narrow limits. Twice, at least, we revisited tho dead bullock; quite as often wo joyfujly hailed our own foot tracks as those of people who must bo going somewhere—that disillusion was terrible. X see that now, forty odd years later, they aro parcelling out and surveying tho “impenetrable jungle" winch from Kamorooka to Bcolzobub, from Haywood to Goornong has, at least, one hole sunk in each 'gully, and quartz cracked on every hill I Good old Government/ thus do you -provide a job for tbo department, a sop to goldfield members and contemptuous hilarity for us all 1 Reverting to the rush of three weeks'ago, at*which few stickers remain, aud they with but poor emolument, it would bo well if Mr. Stirling, while in these regions, bestowed some attention upon a peculiar feature in its topo graphy. Resembling the (comparatively) deep leads of Kamarooka and Elysian Flat, bat totally different from tho alluvial of its immediate neighbor, Speck Gully is charac terised by a “waysh” really deserving the apol lation. Alike in tiny pebble or in massive boulders in the lowest stratum of gravel the action of heavy and consistent water-power has rounded and polished each particle till not on angularity is perceptible. How tins should be in a shallow gully intersected by a virginal unworn quartz oiitorop is an interest ing matter of enquiry. In'North' and South Gippaland, at Gulgong and on tho head waters of the Murrumbidgcc in N.S.VY., I have noted'beds of wash dirt dating from early geologic period sometimes adjocent to and level with present water courses, at others for above their site—always largely superior in’width and depth and carrying evidencorof mightier deluvial action. In such instances, reefs which barred tho. course of these prehistoric, rivers wore _ rounded by hydraulic action. Mi*. Howitt, tlio present Secretary of Mines and Reginald Murray have written much interesting matter upon this theme and have mapped out the. course of the great'Gippslnnd. stream, still remaining patohes of which aro yet being worked at an altitude of some fonr thousand feet above sea level and - at, perhaps, one third of that ..elevation .superior to-Jim Dargo, Wentworth arid other running rivers enriched by the debris of their antecedent flood channel. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 