Echoes from the Past. A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PIONEER'S EXPERIENCES EXTRACTS FROM AN OLD DIARY. (CONTINUED). " Rapid Bay, Thursday, 17th November, 1836.—I have just shot a native dog that I have been watching several nights. Two of them have been for some time in our vicinity committing nightly depredations on the poultry, &c.; A young cygnet, a general pet belong ing to Colonel Light, was carried off a few nights since, from which time we have kept a good look out, and it is the bitch we have killed. I think we stand a good chance at getting a shot at the gentleman—that is if he is at all in- quisitive after the fate of his lady love." "Saturday, 19th November.—Poor Jacob, a good-hearted but rather unsophisticated companion of ours, is in a peck of trouble today, having met with a chapter of accidents in the night. About 1 a.m., he came in his shirt and night-cap to my tent to borrow a loaded gun to shoot the other native dog which he said had been several times into his tent. Hardy, who was sleeping in my tent, happened to have his gun loaded, and lent it to him. We shortly heard a report, and soon after poor Jacob, muttering to himself, made his appearance quite broken-hearted, for instead of the native dog he had killed a favorite little bitch, heavy with pup, belonging to Hardy, and to make things worst had broken the borrowed gun. He has therefore been obliged to purchase it. But his misfortunes did not end here, for in his flurry he tumbled over or through a chair belonging to another officer. The ghost of Hamlet is a fool to the figure long pale Jacob cut on entering our tent in the above-named costume with the moon shining on his white visage, and huge naked sword preceding him at arm's length all ready for assault and battery. He is now more composed but still in low spirits." " Surgeon Woodforde mentions that on Monday, 21st November, the ther mometer in the tents was at 128 at mid-day and below 60 in the evening. He adds ;—At daybreak I rose to join the surveyors, who were going to take a long round, but being of straying habits I lost them before I had been away an hour and pursued my course with my gun for a companion. I shot a great many birds, chiefly of the parrot tribe, which are very good eating. Being very much fatigued about mid-day and thirsty in proportion to the heat I was loath to leave a stream that I found between N. W. High Bluff and Cape Jervis, and consequently determined on shooting my way along it to a small beach where it emptied itself into the sea. The cliffs on each side were so perpendicular that I was obliged to walk in the bed of the stream for more than a mile knee deep in mud and water. I was weary and well-nigh exhausted, and just had the little beach with the fresh sea-breeze within my grasp where I intended resting until the cool of the evening, when I found the very haven of my repose occupied by a tribe of strange natives. Being solus, and not at all inclined to be eaten, I quickly retraced my steps, and, as good luck would have it, unperceived by the black gentry who, I have since learned, belong to Encounter Bay. I arrived at our camp at 4 p.m. more dead than alive, but have been rendered considerably better by my tea, of which I swallowed six cupfuls." " Thursday, 24th November.—Having, in accordance with Colonel Light's wishes, given the frame of my hut up to him, three laborers are now engaged on it, and it is finished all but the thatch. We have had for dinner to-day a mess of beautiful French beans—the first vegetables, with the exception of radishes and cress, grown in our garden. We shall soon be able to have green pease, and everything else looks very promising. We are still planting potatoes, but merely as seed as the season is too far advanced for them to come to their full growth," "Friday, 25th November. — The whole of this day I have been busy with the men at my hut, and have now some hopes of getting it finished, and not before it is wanted, as we are all of us more or less sufferers from opthalmia, occasioned, as I believe, by the intense heat and glare of the tents in the day and the sudden cold in the evening." " Saturday, 26th November.—The Rapid hove in sight at seven this morning and came to anchor at 3 p.m. Colonel Light, Pullen, and Claughton came on shore, and informed us that there is every probability of the capital being formed at Holdfast Bay, as during the last cruise many paramount advantages had been found, viz., the creek higher up forms a most splendid harbor, ending in fresh water streams, one of which has from two to four fathoms in it extending to within six miles of the capital." " Monday, 28th November.—The Rapid started for Kangaroo Island to pick up Pullen, who had gone with dispatches for the Africaine, bound to Van Dieman's Land. The brig then pro ceeds to Port Lincoln, and is expected back in three weeks." " Friday, 2nd December.—Yesterday, being in want of fresh provisions, I made on early start with my gun and returned at sunset with my pockets well filled with game. Jacob accompanied me. We fell in with the surveying party, with whom we kept company all day. We travelled further inland then I had been before. The country, especially on the hills, is much more wooded than in our immediate neighborhood. The gum trees are of an immense size, and would make abundance of fine timber. The common diameter of the full grown tree is from three to four feet. The soil on these hills is bad, being very dry and filled with stones, most of which are strongly impregnated with iron. We found much limestone, apparently of a good quality, and Hardy, who strayed away from the party, brought us a beautiful specimen of quartz, of which he found a large quarry. To day I am again at work at my hut, which progresses slowly, having lost the services of the native men who have taken it into their heads to leave us for a while, leaving their women behind. I enlisted three of the latter on Wednesday, and found them very useful in carrying reeds for my thatch. The first dish of green pease was gathered yesterday from our garden and was relished exceedingly." "Sunday, 4th December.—A sealing cutter anchored in our Bay and dis posed of a ton and a half of potatoes to us, with cheese (colonial) and mutton and birds' eggs, which are very fine. I have to-day recommended a distribution of potatoes to the laborers as they are showing a disposition to scurvy. We were alarmed last night by observing a light in the offing, which had the ap- -pearance of a vessel on fire, but which from not altering its bearing we were happily convinced was a conflagration on the opposite side of the gulf. For the last week we have had fires on all sides of us, it being the season at which the natives set fire to the grass." "Sunday, 11th December.—I had the extreme felicity of removing to my hut last night. The Emu called here on Friday on her way up the Gulf, having on board stock, &c.;, brought by the John Pirie to Kangaroo Island. She left us yesterday at daybreak. We learned from the officers that of the six landed on Kangaroo Island to find their way on foot to Nepean Bay, four only have been found and they were neatly exhausted by fatigue and famine. The two others, one of whom was a surgeon, Mr Slater, have in all human probability perished." "Thursday, 15th December.—The Rapid arrived last night from Kangaroo Island. The Buffalo has not yet arrived with the Governor, Captain Hind - marsh. Colonel Light gives a most unfavorable report of Port Lincoln. The harbor, when once gained, is very fine but it is extremely difficult of access and the land has a most forbidding aspect, consisting of little else than stones, and totally unfit for agriculture. They searched unsuccessfully for the tablet in Memory's Cave, raised by Flinders to the memory of the boat's crew he lost there. Holdfast Bay is consequently at last fixed upon for the seat of the capital and a more advantageous spot it is impossible to select, both from its vicinity to a beautifiul harbor and the fineness of the soil with abundance of fresh water. Colonel Light makes a start to-morrow for the settlement. On the return of the Africaine, which he has sent to Hobart for stock, &c.;, he intends to remove us all to the town. He has offered to renew my engagement as a shore going sur- geon, my former one on board the Rapid being ended on 31st inst." " Sunday, 25th December—Christmas Day reminds us of Old England and our friends warming their kneees by a roaring fire with all other Christmas comforts. Here we are broiling under a sun nearly vertical and half of us nearly blind with opthalmia. One of our sheep, the first, was killed last night after sunset and my ration, which was served out at six this morning, although carefully wrapped in a towel, was actually crawling by 10 o'clock, owing to blow flies, which are very numerous. It took me nearly an hour to wash it. A whale boat left here by Colonel Light, which was to have been such a source of comfort has, on the contrary, created disappointment as we have had little or no success among the finny tribe. Our dinner to-day, that is Jacob's and mine will consist of the above named piece of mutton, some parrots and pigeons killed, plucked, and cleaned by me and a plum pudding made by Jacob. All I have to say is that I sincerely hope my dear friends at home are spending a merrier Christmas than we are here—if not I pity them." " Tuesday, 27th December—This afternoon we heard guns firing in the offing and on looking out we descried a large ship about ten miles off sailing up the Gulf in the direction of Holdfast Bay. We are all of opinion that it is the Buffalo." " Wednesday, 28th December,—Our conjectures with regard to the ship we saw yesterday were strengthened this morning by hearing distant guns as of a salute given and returned in the direction of the settlement and we have come to the conclusion that his salute was returned by the land battery brought by the Tam o' Shanter. I have to-day shot five brace of quail, which is considered excellent sport, but in my opinion the best of the sport is in the eating. Life here is exceedingly monotonous and uninteresting as we are completely debarred from news. We are all very anxious to remove to Holdfast Bay." " Thursday, 29th December.—We killed a sheep-last night, which turned out better than the first. We had the leg roasted today and a better dinner I have not made since I left England. Our garden produced us an excellent salad, which, with a dish of tolerable potatoes, made us one of those feasts which come few and far between." "Tuesday, 3rd January, 1837.— One of the Kangaroo Island sealers. Walker, arrived here this afternoon in his whale boat on his way up the Gulf to try and engage with Colonel Light. I sent a letter to Colonel Light, informing him of the welfare of my little flock." " Sunday, 8th January.—Yesterday the Cygnet hove in sight from Holdfast Bay. She came into our bay on her way to Kangaroo Island with three magistrates, who are going to settle some disturbances at Stevens' settlement. She did not anchor but fired a gun and hove to Mr Finness and I went on board in the whale boat and received dispatches from Colonel Light, announcing the arrival of the Governor and informing us that on her return from the Island she would receive on board such of our party as are ready to proceed to the town, which, we were given to understand, is called "Adelaide" by the special desire of the King. I will not consent to Mrs Finness, who on Monday was safely delivered of a girl, taking the journey for at least eight days more, consequently we shall probably form two parties. Of course I remain till the last." "Thursday, 12th January. — The Cygnet arrived from the Island at 7 o'clock while a boat came on shore bringing a letter from Mr Stevenson, one of the magistrates pro term, stating that if our party was ready to embark before 8 he would take us on board but that he would wait no longer. The thing being impossible and ridiculous in the extreme Mr Finness sent off an official letter to retain her but she disappeared in the dark and is probably on her way to head quarters. Jenolin, who came came on shore, has given us very unpleasant newsof the proceedings up the Gulf. He says that there are great dissensions and that the landed proprietors are going to institute an enquiry into the conduct of Colonel Light and his party, whom they reproach with indolence for not having yet divided the sections. God knows that these gentlemen little deserve any reproach as I can fully testify that far from having been idle they have worked like slaves, sacrificing their personal comforts in every shape to the public weal and of course have met with public ingratitude as their reward." (To be continued in our next issue). SANDEB & SONB' EUCALYPTI EX- ' TRACT.—(Jnder the distinguished patronage of His Majesty the King of Italy, as per communication made by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, throngh the Consul-General for Italy at Melbourne, March 14, 188?. A warded "Dlplom a at the Amsterdam Exhibition, 1883\. Acknowledged by Medical Clinics and Universities all over he Qlobe. There 'are imitations of Eucalypti Extinct In the""Sibftet, products of simple diatiHafion 'forming r crude resinous oils. In order that these erode oils may not be taken for our Pure Volatile Eucalypti Extract, which is recognised by the medical divison of the Prussian Government to be of perfectly pure origin, as per information forwarded to us through the Cocsul at Melbourne, March 2, 1878, we state :— It is proved'by tests made by the medical Clinics of the Universities at Bonn and Greifswald (Prussia), and reported by Pr Scholz, Professor of Pharmacology at Bonn, and Professor Or Mosler, Director of the Medical Clinic at Greifswald, that only pro- ducts that are saturated with oxygen and freed of acids, resinous and other substances adherent to primary distillation, will develop the sanative qualities proper to the planB. All crude oils, or Bo-called Eucalypti Extracts, are to be classed, according to the named authorities, among the turpentine, which are of insignificant medicinal value, and abandoned long since is an internal medicament. These crude oils, or so called Eucalypti Extracts, are discernible— 1\. By their daficiency in pungent odor (which our product, the only genuine Eucalypti Extract, develops most freely through its surplus of oxygen). 2\. By their alcoholic, thin, and mobile appearanre, being reduced in specific density through the presence of acids. If these crude oils, or co-called Eucalypti Extracts, are applied by mistake in cases of croup, bronchitis, diphtheria, internal inflammitions, dysentery, &c.;, tbe consequences are most appalling. For safety's sake ask alwayB for Sander & Sons' Eucalypti Extract.—Sandhurst, Victoria, Australia— SAN PER & SONS. 