NEWS BY GABLE. LONDON. 5th May. The half yearly report of the London (formerly London Chartered) Bank of Aus tralia recommends payment of a dividend at the rate of 54 per cent. ' LONDON, 6TH MAY. King Leopold, of Belgium, lins under-; taken to perform the opening ceremony ; at the forthcoming World's Exhibition ' at' Antworp. LONDON,; ;7TH MAY. The' Cape Town correspondent of! the Times reports that '.the ".Australian immi gration to South Africa, which was recently so great as toinduce'tlio Cape Government to send warning telegrams as to the state of tho South African labor market, has now virtually ceased. LONDON, 8TH MAY. The American Standard Oil Company and the Russian Oil Trust Era' reported to, have combined to " comer-" tlie'-'world's kerosene supply. Tho appeal to the Privy Council in the case of tho North Australia Territory Com pany v. Goldabrmigh, Mort and Co. hasbecri withdrawn; the parties having agreed to a compromise. \- -'In the House of Commons to-day, in committee, the/hill introduced, to autho rise,' in connection with the English, Scottish and Australian (formerly . Char tered) Bank tho provision' empowering tlie payment of interest on deposits during the time of its suspension for reconstruc tion in 1893 was sanctioned. The Midland Railway Company of New Zealand has received an offer from a London syndicate of tho capital required to complete, the company's raihvayMrom Springfield, in Canterbury, to Rcefton, in the province nt Nelson, on condition that local ratC3 aro not charged and that trus tees of the Government stock in connection with the company arc created. , , , LONDON,'9TII MAY, Mr. Duncan Gillic9, the now Agent- General for Victoria, .is inspecting London stores for tho reception of : imported meat aud dairy produce, . with a. view to report ing thereon to the Victorian Government. The London and Glasgow committees representing English and Scotch, creditors of tho Freehold Investment and Banking Compnny of Australia have declined to accept the MolbournQ committee's proposed alteration in the reconstruction scheme. Mr. J. F. Hogan, M.P. for Mid Tipper- ary, formerly iVf Melbourne, has given notice in tho House of Commons of his intention to ask why colonial officers who have duly qualified by staff and special .military examinations in England are classed by the Horso Guards as ineligible for appointment as adjutants to British militia and volunteer regiments. The offer of a - London - syndicate' to advance money to the Midland Railway Company of New Zealand to enable it to complete its lino from Springfield to Recfton, on certain conditions, is still under consideration. Tbe amount offered by the syndicate is £1,500,000. LONDON, 10TH MAY. An extensive coal mining lock out has occurred in Scotland. The mine owners proposed a 20 per cent, reduction in wages, which tho colliers, refused, to. accept, the result being a lock out, by which 40,000 men are thrown out of work. ' There is a strong feeling among the Boors in tho Transvaal in favor of taking strong action against the Swazi chiefs \vln> are opposing -the annexation of their country by the South African Republic. At Johannesburg a force of 5000 burghers is being organised for the purpose of forcibly suppressing any opposition. The French Government have given their sanction to a request made from New South Wales and South Australia that Algeria might supply date palms suitable for cultivation in Australian deserts in tho .waterless interior. The marriage between the Home Secre tary, the Right Hon. II. H. Asquith, and Miss Margot Tonnant, second daughter, of Sir Charles Tennant, Bart., was celebrated to-day at St., George's,. Hanover-square. Mr. Gladstone attended the ceremony, and there was a brilliant assemblage of ghosts. . Sir John Hall, a well known' New Zea land statesman, and one of the originators of the Women's Suffrage movement in that colony, has delivered an address before tho Women's Suffrage League in .Loudon, in which ho pointed to New. Zealand example its un inuiuai/iou or cue progress oi tlic cause. The Upper Chamber in Hungary has rejected the law to legalise tho principle of civil inarriago . by a majority of 21 votes. LONDON, 11TH MAY. The death is announced of Dr.' C, Alan Smytliies, Bishop, of. Central. Africa. ' He was suffering from fever, and died while oh the voyago to Aden. ' The French Chamber of. Deputies has determined by a majority of 623 to renew tho demandfor the extradition of M. Cor- nolius l'levz, for his alleged participation in tho Panama, Canal Company's frauds. ; This action lias boon taken in spite of the com- ; promise' with the liquidators of 'the com- pany, by which M. Horz undertook to refund a sum of £50,000. M. Horz is still lying ill in Bournemouth, England. 