CHAPTER XV.—The ITuoxtarnf foe* “Why, it’a Eenahaw 1'. oried' Mra^Sal wood, who, hearing .the sound ;of hoofs mingling with the barking of .the.,flogs, had come to tho door. “We didn’t expect you till to-morrow. Well, you’re jttsb in time. A few minutes more and we should all have gone to bed. Call WiudyogeC to tako your horse, and oowo in.” , - ., ■ “C’ll lot him run ; lio’a about done up,” he answered, romoving saddle,1 bridle und headstall, and turning tho animal adrift. “ Hasyonr business fallen through?” Hhe nuked, as ho followed her into the passage and closed tho door. “It has had to stand over. Como in hero, Hilda,” loading tho way into an empty room. “I have something to tell you. - Iso—never mind the light. . Tho fewer lights shown the Thou in as few words as possible he told her of tho danger whioh hovered over them. Hilda Sclwood came of a good old colonial stock, and was not lacking in nerve. Still, she would not have been a woman had she realised tho frightful peril which threatened herself and her ohildren without a shudder. “ We must do what we can, Renshaw,” she said. “Perhaps they will not attack “ 1 Perhaps * is a sorry word to start cam paigning upon. What we’ve got to dp is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only that they seem to have been watching iho road. I believe they have ascertained by Bomo means or‘other that Chris is away. Whal people have you on the farm just “ Very few. There’s Windvogel and old Jaoob and Gomfana That’s all.” “ Windvogel I don’t trust. Shouldn’t wondcr,indeod, if tho yellow ecouudrol was in loaguo with them. Old Jaoob has more than on6 foot iu the grave—he’s no good. But Gomfana, though ho oonldn’t hit a haystack with a gun, might make useful play with a chopper it it oame to closo quarters. And now, look here,” he went on, after a moment’s hesitation, “ tho situation may be desporato. These soven cut-throata are fight ing with a noose round their nooks. Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are all well urmed, JNrow, is there no suggestion you can make towards strengthening the garri “ Why, of course, Marian and I both know how to shoot. That makes three of us. And, then, we are under cover.” “Well spoken. But I can improve on that idea—if you can bring yourself to agree. Little ohaps as they are, Ered and Basil are bettor Bhots than either of you, and game to. the core.” Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Her two little ones! Why, they were mere babieBbut yester day J Ana now she waB to be called upon 66’ i sacrifice them—to expose them to the peril of desperate conflict which, would fully tax the courage of grown men. “I’d rather not, if it could possibly be avoided,” she said, at last. “Very well. But I’m much mistaken if the young scamps won’t take the matter into thoir own hands directly they hear a shot fired. Now, how many guns have we? i There’s mine—two of Chris’s—that makes six barrels,> the boys’ muzzle loaders, ten barrels. Then Chris has a five-shooter-” “ He took that with him.” “ Did he ? Well, I have a six. Altogether we shan’t do badly. And, now, you had better break the news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the hut to rout out Gomfana. And lose no time barricad ing the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that—almost bullet proof.” ■ Arming himself with a gun and revolver, Konshaw slipped out quietly, and mide hia way to the huts. Gomfana, like most natives, slopt heavily, and took a deal of wakine ; and by the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He was a sturdy youngster of about twenty—a “ raw” Kafir— that is to say, one who had noTer been out of his native kraal, and was stupid and ignorant of European ways. But at the prospect of a fight ho grinned and brightened up. Justus they regained the house a glow suffused the sky against the mountain top,, and a few minutes later a broad half-moon was sailing high in the heavens. Renshaw hailed its appearance with unbounded satis faction. The two girls had already lit their candles for bed when Mrs Selwood brought tho un weloorae news, judiciously omitting the ghastly tragedy whioh could only horrify without encouraging the hearers. Their method of receiving it was as divergent as their characters. Marian, though she slightly changed color, remaiued perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on tho other hand, turned white as a sheet, and fairly shook with terror. It was’ all they oould do to keep her from going into wild hysterica. “This sort of thing won’t do at all, Miss Avory,” said Konsbaw, entering at that mo ment; hia sable recruit hanging back in tho doorway. “ Why, all you’ve got, to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. If ..we exchange a shot or two that’s all it will amount to. Come, now, I should haver thought you would have enjoyed the excite ment ot a real adventure." Violet tried to smile, but it was the mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook. Aud Renahaw himself seemed changed. None of the diffident lover about him now. Ho seemed in hia element at the prospect of peril. In the midst of her fcar^ Violet remembered Marian’s eulogieB on his coolness and resource in an emergency. -The recollection quieted her, and she looked upon him with unbounded respect. Then she noted Marian’s calm and resolute demeanor, aud even ianoled that the look of the latter was oxpreBsive of something like contompt— wherein she was mistaken, but the idea acted as a tonic to broco her nerves. Having seer, to the firearms and ammuni tion, and cautioned tho women to remain where they were and allow no more light to bo seen than they could help, Renshaw went tho round of tho. house. Effio aud tho two little ones were sleeping soundly, so alBo were the two boys. Opening the door, he looked cau. tiously out. All was still. He had deoidod that the four corner rooms should be the points of defence, and tho windows, accordingly, were not barrioadad. The -othoTa were rendered secure by fixing against eaoh a couple of mattreBses. Then he went back to the ladies. The housa was now all in darknoss, but tho moonlight streaming in above the protecting mattreflBea gave sufficient light for all pur “Now, good people,” he said, cheerily; •?you may all go to bed. 1*11 oall you when i. I want you. I’m going to watch at one ^corner, and Gomfana will take the other. There 11 be no catohing us napping. Be 8Lm*, flogs will raise the moat awful ehlllaloo if anyone heaves in sight.” Shakedowns had been improvised on the i with rugs and pillows. In great 5?afure» re®wmwd by Marian’s uuaoncern, Violet consented to lie down. Mrs Selwood betook herself to her children’s room. The moon mounted higher and higher to the zenith, flooding the land with an oerio und chastened hall light. The monotonous chirrup of tho tree-frog, tho shrill baying of a pair of hunting jacltalls, tho ooodsional cry of a nightbird mournfully echoing from tho mountain side, floated to the watcher's oar. Unremitting in his vigilance* Renshaw moved silently from room to room, his un erring oyo scanning the ground at every point, and keeping his cable lieutenant up to tho mark, lest that worthy should be tempted to dozo. "But Gomfana, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the en counter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from tho main dwelling was n largo outhouse block, comprising atahles, waggon shod, shearing house, otc. On this point Renshaw’a atten tion was mainly concentrated. Ho felt euro that tho miscreants would take advantage of tho shadow of thi$. building to creep up aa near as they could. Anothor point that needed watching was tho thick quinca hedge which skirted the garden, and which now afforded a shado congenial to the assailants’ movements. Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigil. Moat men, bravo | enough in actual danger, would have felt tho 1 “creepy” effect of tho*e silent hours as they , straiuod their eyes upon the surrounding veldt, now construing a shadow into.}- an enemy—iiow hearing a whisper of voices— tho tread of'll stealthy footstep—in tho vary ing and Bpectral sounds of tho night. But Ueuahaw’s solitary and wandering life had inured him to these things. His chief con siderations were, firstly, lest the drowsy feel ing which he was doing his utmost to combat should tend to diui his vigilance ; secondly, the stilling of his cravings for just ono care fully guarded pipe. Suddenly the faintest possible creak of a footfall on the floor behind him. He turned like lightning. 44 it's only rao/’ whispered a soft voice. And a tall figure approached in the gloom. 41 Marian 1 Why are you not lying down with tho rest ?” . “ They’re all asleep now, even Violet. Look, I brought you some sandwiches. You hardly, ate anything whon you came in. You set to work upon them at once, and I’ll mount sentry while you are having supper.” “ How good of you,” he said, taking the pi a to from her, and also the glass of brandy aud water which sho had mixed for him. “ Why, what have you there ? A shooting iron ?” “Of course. You don't suppose 1 was going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siogo, do you ?” She carried a double-barrelled breechloader —rifle and shot cartridge—and there wa9 a warrior flash in her eyes visible in tho moon light, which told that she meant to use it, too, if occasion required. 14 It is very lonely for you, watching all by yourself,” sho continued. “I thought I would come and keep you company.” 44 So like you again. But look here, Marian, dear. You must not bo exposed to danger. Singlu-handed I oan make such an example of the schopsela that they'll probably turn and run. Still, thoy might let fly a Bhot or two. You will go bacu to the others if I ask you—will you not ?” Her heart thrilled tumultuously within her. In the darkness she need bo at no pains to conceal the tell-tale expreBBion oF her face. Ah, but—his tones, thongh affeotionato, were merely brotherly. That might bo, but, still, whatever peril he might undergo it should be her privilege to share it—her sweet privilege j —and she would share it. | “No; I will not,” sho answered, de cisively. “I oan bo as cool as anyone living, man or woman. Feel my hand; there is not a tremble in it.” And her fingers closed round his in a firm steady clasp, in which there was nothing nervous, nothing spas modic. . 44I believe you can,’’ he answered, 44 but I was thinking of your safety.” 41 My safety!“ she interrupted. Then in a different tone, “How do you suppose they’ll oome, Renshaw? . Walk openly to the'house or try to'oroep up in the shadow?” •• “Tho last. You see they showed their hand by tackling me upon the road. Yet, they may think I’ve turned in and bothered no more about it. Hallo I” “What is it?” 411 could have sworn I heard something. I’ve got long oars—like a donkey, you will Both listened intently, tho woman with less eagerness, less anxiety than the man. Thero was a kind of exaltation about Marian to-night. Her nerves wero aB firm aa those of her male companion himself ; and tho cer tainty of a bloody conflict was to her, in her then frame of mind, a mere matter of detail. 11 Ah! I thought I was right,” ho went on, as a premonitory 41 woof from one of the dogs lying around the houso was followed by a general uprising and clamor on tho part of the whole lot. Then, baying savagely, they started off iu fall charge in the direction of the dark line of Bhado thrown by the willows fringing tho dam, aud on the oppo site side to that watched by Renshaw and his companion. 44 Marian, just go to the other side and look if you can see anything. You won’t, I know ; but, still, there’s no harm in making She obeyed. From that side of the house nothing was visible except a long stretch of sickly moonlight and the lino of trees. But the dogs had disappeared within the shado of the latter, and were raising a clamor that was truly infernal. They seemed to bo •holding something or somebody in check. Then she returned to her former post. “ There’s nothing there,” sho said, 14 at present. Ah!” Three shadowy figures were flitting round the angle of tho outhouse block above men tioned. They gained the shade thrown by the front of it—crouched and waited. 41 Kero they are,” whispered Renshaw, under his breath. 441 was up to that dodge. One fellow was told off to draw off tho dogs, while these jokers sneaked up in tho opposite direction. Look—here come tho rest.” Two more figures followed tho first—then another. All were now crouching in the shadow of tho outhouses. Still the yelling clamor of the dogs sounded distant on tho other side, kept up with unabated fury. 