THE MURDER OE ANi-OLD' MAN' on, . .v ?? ' v G THO CRIME. .im-tSITTPP HOIIÎ.ÂSK. Itlio woU-known KuvollHt. with whom nrrotiRomout» r . liavo boo«nituliitora»upply of norial inattor). AFTER I sold but of thé ' army at the close of the Indian Mutiny, I went to Australia, The gold fever ' wis at its height thereat that time, arid'it was my habit throughout the entire voyage to indulge in pleasant day ' dream» of picking up monster nuggets and returning to Old.Kngland in a few months, at the most, a millionaire. ' ' I BuppoBo I needn't tell you that I never found ' the nuggets. All ¿be holes I sank ' turned ' out duffers ; and after two years' cradle arid shovel work at " Bead Man's Creek" and " BuK-dog Gully," scarcely ever finding enough gold duBt to salt my beef ?with, I ' threw my spade and pick to Old Harry, vented my ill-humour by making a bon6re of '-'my tent, and then, striking across country for Tarcutta, 1 presented myself at the ' police out-station,'and enlisted BB a private ¿trooper in the New South . Wales Mounted Constabulary, i <..?!?: y ¡ .Now, don't curllyour upper lips, ray dear friends, and: think] that I acted in anyway ; -infra dig, in becoming a mounted ; police- man ; for let me itell -you that'there, .were ' then more' gentlemen of good birth and. family serving, as common troopers ia the Australian Police than you could find in the ; Carabineers -pr . the ', Queen's, Own, crack ?regiments though they be. i . M: : ?; . Neither must you deem it a service deyoid of peril and adventure ¡ for if,you tried you would soon . find -enough, hunting bush ran pnrs ' ainrrlo-handed. . and sometiines encountering one in the grim, silent buBh . and there waging a duel with your revolver that is sure, to be to the death, having thi comforting reflection all. the timo in you: , mind that if you fall no one will probably ? hear of your demise, or .guess what,hui become of .you] until months later youl ,, skeleton ia found iu the scrub, picked clean by flocks of. parrots,[ov , packs, of hungry dingoes, while your rusted revolver and two or Tthree',of, yoar, silvered ¡ uniform .buttone are. all that is left to afford ¿ clue'that youi . remains are those of a trooper.. ¡You asked me, however, to toll a tale, not to deal in dry platitude's. '''.Well, I will'tell you one, a. rea^trooper's yarn-one that I . often spun around au Australian camp-fire, for it will be1 of an adventure that befell . myself before ¡I was a real bushman,^ whilst ,.' I was yet raw m harness,' and scarcely knew a currency lasé from a cornstalk'. . . . ?' * i * * : -'? "' * In tho winter of 186S I was stationed, in , company with' two'othor troopers, ? at the police camp of Mullengandra, a little town- ship in the district of liiverina, which is an immense ^ract of' rich lovol country, ren- dered almost &n; island by the confluence of tho two great rivers, the Murray'and the Murrumbidgee, hence'its name. This district at this time was named . " Morgan's land," beeauso throughout' its ( length and breadth that terrible bushranger ' bad for, nearly two years layiod black-mail and taken human'life with impunity. ; For many 'tnontuB the police had endea-' Toured' to hunt' upland capture, or sbóóT down, this1 villain,,but in vain, and by the time that he had twenty- five times bailed up and plundorcd tho mail-coaches, stuck up a hundred and forty different stations and private houses, and shot dead' fourteen people (seven of them mounted constables), 'the reward bffered'by Govern ment for ins, body, dead or alive, had reached two thou- sand pounds. ' ' i '??'?"' , I have gone into such minute details con- cerning this rascal because bo was the rory; follow that I was in quest of when I fell ia .with the adventures that I, am about to narrate. It was early on tho Christinas morning of that year that a mounted: stockman belong- ing to the Nanderoo liun rode over to our camp in hot haste to inform us that late on the preceding evening Morgan\had stuck'up M'Pherson's station, and'after making the young ladies dance with - him and play the, piano for more than two hours by turns, had supped and slept there, and had only three hours, ago, af ter .filling : his pockets with everything of value that. he] could find, ridden away on Mr..MThersonyblack;five year-o}d , racing mare, .WoogalWonga,i an animal worth £3000 at the least, leaving his . own tired steed in its place. I .... " And, the . Boss will add £300 to tho , Government, reward if anyone j will ' catch him before he has parted with the spoil and knocked . up the nag," was the man's con- cluding remark. , . ,. . j By Jove,,weren't' we all quickly, in the saddle, scamperingoff in different directions ? Two thousand, three, hundred pounds might be won by either of .'us.before sundown, and each man preferred riding, on, his own line : and acting singly, in the hope, of pocketing the whole reward, tb keeping all., together _ and having to Bhare the profits as well as the * dancer. < . i . What a day that was : tba.hottest Unrist mas I think that I ever experienced! The thermometer outside bur wooden station was at 132 deg. when we started/and long before ' noon the sun's' rays wore'almost fervent enough to have roasted ' an os. Neverthe- less, on I rodo, scorning alike heat, dust, and DUBb. flies, for wasn't I in search, no'tjonly of game, but of two thousand three hundred golden sovereigns that might be won at any moment by a'quick eye and a clever pistol ? shot? '" ! v - . How closely. I scanned every inch; of ground to discover the small hoof prints of à racehorse, and so pick up',ra trail that-it w?uld bo the easiest-thing in the world-to follow at a gallop after the heavy rains !of the preceding week !' I travelled.ihoweyer, all day without discovering , them,i and when ?the sun got low I found-myself in tho centre of to .me an'ientirely -unknown/ country, surrounded- almost on every sido by mouu .? tain ranges, and no sign either of a human habitation or, what waa for moro important, a water-hole. .: - . - -, -. -? : ' v In my excitement and; pre-occupation-of mind-I had {evidently lost my way. This discovery: did'-not , trouble me very much, however, for. I bad:food;enough/with meto j-last two or throe days! so 1 lot the reins \- drop loosely.on ,my horse's neck, knowing that hie instinct would soon enable him to discover water if there -was any in the neighbourhood. ¡ ; \- The good, steed wasn't slow to perceive that I was at my wits' end and now trusted to him for guidance, so he'am bled along just nt the pace that pleased him best, with his nose close to the ground, and I again calmly . abandoned'mysolf to my cogitations. ""Presently tho moon roso, for in semi . tropical Australia the transition from day; . to night is effected in loss than a quarter-of , ari-hour, and the wild bush. Boonery, assumed, that aspect of weird ghostlike beauty for -which' it is remarkable. In the dark blue dome ' of 1 heaven twinkled millions and millions of- bright stars ; and the white spectral moon, big almost as a northern sun, shed a lime-light radiance so bright that the smallest print would hare been plainly read- able, over tho sombre landscape. Nothing was to be seen but trees, those leaden-foliaged iron-barks, she-oaks and red gums, that mark the era of a decaying continent. This interminable forest stretched perhaps for a hundred miles in front of me and on either side, covering,even the surrounding mountains to their verf ' summits. The tufted foliage looked absolutely black in the pale moonlight, and the soft Bummer breeze waved it till it resembled the plumes of a , myriad hearses. Around the snow-white trunks of these frees, the loose bark of tho past winter clattered and rattled .with a noise that was sometimes almost deafening, whilst here and there the,fire-blackened stumps of others varied the monoton? of the landscape, and ' assumed such elfin and fantastic shapes as no one could conceive who has not travelled in the Australian bush after nightfall. The ' only souuds that broke the stillness of the hour were, the shrill call of the mopoke, the hoarse, jocund cacchinations of tho laughing : jackass) and the monotonous whirr of millions of locusts in the foliage overhead. , . » , ' \ ' ' ¡ Sometimes, indeed, the howl of the dingo would , ring dismally out from. the. deepest recesses pf the bush, and be answered, per- haps, by the shrill squeal of a' possum or the boarBO croak of an awakened raven. . : These sights and noises were not very cheering, and I had. not endured them very long before I heartily wished myself back at the police camp and asleep on my iron stretcher. It WOB the first time that I had ever travelled alone in Australian wilds after nightfall, and so, perhaps, the 'feeling was almost excusable. : :?«, , ; About three hours after sundown we got to a waterhole ¡ in the ¡ bed of a. dry creek, and beside it I prepared to camp for the night.; H - , .,? . ? -, i : Taking off my horse's saddle and bridle, I picquetted .him* with his : trail rope and lynch pin, and Bet out to gather some sticks to light my fire,-intending after I had boiled' ray billy of tea, and made my ¡damper cake i in the ashes,'to enjoy, a,good meal ; and I then, after a pipe or two, to wrap myself in my blanket and with my saddle for a pillow endeavour to sleep till day-dawn. .: .. . , Spying round within the limited circle permitted by the close surroundings of huge trees and undergrowth, my eye was presently attracted by an old footpath ? well ,, nigh obliterated by timev : Only . at the verge of the waterhole, was it viaible with any dis- tinctness, although through a sort of break in the'rich' grass I-traced its course away under the distant trees, and turned at once to follow its faint guidance. ; It was a lonely,'low-lying spot about thie water-bole; the grass was long and rank, and even higher up the' slope the growth ol moBS and' fungi upon the fallen trees, and tho soppy greenness that was distinguishable under the shadows of the warped: old box trees told of moisture and decay;"' I had got completely out of sight of the creek when all at once 1 came upon a log and bark hut, sö ruined'Md" "so desolate in appearance that I knew at once , it could be the residence of no human being. A fallen blue gum lay across, the. very doorstep, and (no.uncommon, thing in Australian enriched soil) four straight leafy gum bushes shot up from inside its .trunk. They. stood in a straight, line, like, sentinels, guarding the solitude of this grave of a home. The bark roof was rotten and had partially fallen in, and the door, its hinges ruBted away .from its. wooden supports, lay upon the floor, while even the , logs, though still defiant of tho efforts of decay were slipping under the influence of their own weight from the grooves in which they rested.' . ? It was altogether the most desolate pictúro I had ever seen; and with the long shadows j pf the full summer. moon lying around it and not a sound of life . to break the solitude, its effects were moBt depressing.; ;,. I walked around the black tea-tree scrub I that, grew close' up to the walls/and came i across a broken-down dog- kennel, the skeleton of its last inmate laying stretched out, beside it ' with the rusty chain and weather-shrivelled leathercollar still attached to the1 ghastly remains: ' ?'.' j : "? A strange feeling of horror had by this time taken possession of me, yet; drawn j on by some inner power that I could not con- trol,' I went round to the front again, and lifting my foot over the fallen door ventured into the interior of the" dismal ruin. ? ' , ? Here everything was in the same forlorn condition; the rough bench table, sinking upon' one side, threatened to fall ; the plaster' and pipe-clay that had tumbled down and off the chimney lay in a rain-washed and dirty heap oh the earthen floor, whilst an old cask and two spirit cases, with a rusted saucepan and a camp kettle,'were* scattered around, and formed the sole articles': of : furniture that tho place contained. ; ^ ." A. small room, roughly partitioned from j off the end of the hut, had evidently served I as a bedchamber, but the Bheet of baric) j supported upon posts driven into the ground, I that had formed the bedplace, waa nail decayed and waa lying1 upon : the damp ground ; whilst, moBt o£ all to he wondered at, strangest of all sights in that dead, far- away hut; were two or three articles of : n woman's; dress, dusty and decaying, hanging upon' a wooden peg in the wall. ,One ol these, an outer garment of coarse serge, had fallen to the ground, and had there evidently served as the lair of some wild animal of the forest, for it was pressed hardvand covered with Bhort red hairs. I could note all these things by the flood of white light that streamed in through open doors ; and shutters and through a hole in the roof ; but even whilst I stood regarding them-1 found myself suddenly involved in pitchy darkness, for a leaden cloud bad swept across tho moon, and at the same moment a loud peal of thunder betokened that a heavy storm was at hand. Almost without a minute's warning it broke in all its fury ; the rain commenced to fall in torrents, the flashes of blinding lightning between the near thunder claps followed eaoh other in such rapid succession ,as to, keep the frail building almost con- tinually illuminated ; and savage guBts of wind tore through the forest, seeming each moment os though they would sweep the whole structure away with them. At length in the midst of the min and tempest I heard human voices close by heavily-shod feet stumbled over the battered door into the adjoining apartment, and with maledictions on the storm two unseen beings began to stamp the water out of thoir boots. "By tho infernal jingo, what a night! j, I'm drenched to the skin 1" exclaimed one.' "So am I, mato, and bè hanged to you!" I politely retorted the other " Every match about me ie ia the same condition too, so wo shall hare to camp in our wet shirts, and [ never a spark of fire to cheer us or help fright away the wraiths of the dead sawyers that always haunt this hut after nightfall." "Dead sawyers be hanged! If they'd only bring us a bit of Sra from their present abode I'd make them right welcome. But feel about and tear down a bit of dry bark from the walls if there is any on them, and I'll try to sot it aflame with my revolver. By the holy poker, I'd sooner have another tussle with the old mun we killed just now than pass the ni-ht without a hit of a blaze, and shivering all the while like a dog in a wet sack." I could then hear one of them stalking about the adjoining apartment, and ' pulling off slips of bark here and there. Presently he threw them all down on the open hearth, and then there ensued the click-click of a pistol lock, and suddenly a bright flame shot up and illuminated the room with a raddy glow. I " Break np that old table, man-wrench off that rotten beam. Look yonder, there's a sheet of bark as large and as thick as King Arthur's round table. We'll pile it on, and make such a blaze that these ghosts you talk pf, if they visit the hut to-night, will keep away from this room, beeauae. the flameB will remind them too forcibly of the brimstone «mansions from which they, have got a brief holiday," said one fellow with a reckless laugh. . . . .¡ r: . "And make them think that we are accustoming ourselves to that sort of thing against the time comes when we have to join them there," echoed the other...'; -v\\-¡ - The fire heaped up I with fuel to : their satisfaction, the two men drew up the old spirit cases, and seating themselves one on each side of the hearth, lighted their pipes, and for a few minutes puffed away in silence, and while'they did' so I, through a narrow chink in the wall, had a good opportunity of observing them. ': Both were ' powerful, strapping fellows, bearded like pardß and with hair unkempt and tangled. The shortest wore a pair of dirty ' corduroy trousers, a thick flannel jumper, and a wideawake hat, slouched down over hiB eyes. The other was attired in a jaunty bush costume of moleskin ' pantB, secured at, the waist by a crimson scarf of Chinese silk, which sustained a' heavy revolver, and the ends' whereof hung down on his left side, in a rich taBBollod fringe. .';'»' His' body '. was covered by a .loose, loud patterned scarlet Crimean shirt, which being unbuttoned in front, left hiB brawny throat and hair-matted cheßt bare. On his head he wore a broad-rimmed cabbage-tree hat, that when new had doubtless cost a couple of .guineas.' 1 . '.' 1 \- " Well,' this is 'cheerful," said , the last described'individual 'at length ; " and if we only had one of. that old man's legs to cut up . for steakB, we could grill them, nicely over this fire, and make a hearty supper." , " I thought that.thè old man would have been one too. many for. you, Ned Morgan: Why, could you. not have Bhot him down quietly with your revolver, instead of coming to,',close quarters?. .By George, he very nearly squeezed the last gasp out of you, and would have ripped you up with hiB spur, if I hadn't crept behind, and. given him a knock over tho brain-pan with the butt of my gun." ? ;; ? . .. . ; " i "Pooh! pooh ! Mat, I bad my knife in bis weasand, and be was a gone coon before you carno to my aid. Jehosopbat! How our dogs did glut; themselves on his body. I had some difficulty in saving his. Jogs for our . own dainty palates, and after being buriod for a couple of "days in tho fine loamy Boil; at the bottom of that old saw pit, they will be deliciously tender.* . Never- theless, I wish wo had a few slices of them now, ! for , I'm ? peckish, and no mistake,'', growled tho other. '?< . Here was a discovery I ' The ; younger stranger was Morgan, the great bushranger; the very man whom I waa hunting to tho death, and whose body, dead or alive, would be worth to me at that moment, two thou- sand three hundred pounds; ¡ ¡'y? ? ? . The inhuman wretch, in company -with bis hoary companion, had just foully slain a poor old man, and, worse than'all, they wero actually cannibals, -? for - though ' they < had allowed their, dogs to gorge themselves on tho greater portion of the remains, they had actually saved the legs for their own eating ! \- What a torrent of angry passions swelled up within my bosom, ana mingled with' my ravenous cupidity J 7; j Had I my revolvers with me I should have j fired at them both through the fissure in tho wall, without preface or warning, but I had unfortunately left them in my saddle hol- sters, which were lying by,the Bide of the. water-hole, at least a quarter of a mile dis- tant, and I was sure I could not find my way thither, in the present pitchy darkneBB. 'il had no choice left .but to wait where I was and listen to the conversation, until the. storm .waa overhand the. moon,shone out again. -I'..'. " That old Baw-pit in which we buried tho legs is, you say, haunted ?'' said. Morgan, at length, carelessly enough, as though for want of, something else to talk about. " Aye, that it is," was the response ;and by, the ghosts of two sawyers who once worked there. An old woman named Nancy Waldron used to live in this very ¡ hut; wherein her husband, a? shepherd on; the Nanderoo Sun, had died »of delirium tremens, and which I suppose was conse- quently, endeared to her by his memory. However, never mind that. These > two fellows I'm a-talking about lived in a tent of their own down by tho creek,-but they got it into their heads that the old dame had money hidden away somewhere, Bo one night they paid' her a call and killed' her.' I believe they buried her right underneath where we are now sitting; however, that may or may not be. I don't know, either,' whether they found any spoil, but they seem to have made a pretty clean sweep of the household things, anyhow. When I sought refuge here, just such a night as thiB, some eighteen months ago, there were a few of the old woman's clothes hanging up in that inner room there, and her poor dog's skele- ton was laying juBt outside its kennel. It had been starved to death, for you see it, was chained up when its mistress waa mur- dered, and so couldn't get away to find food. Come along, Ned, and I'll show you round the place, and exhibit its curiosities,''and the narrator sprang to his feet, and seizing a blazing billot of wood out tho fire, bade hiB companion follow him. I now made up my mind that I should be discovered, and it was therefore with a deep feeling of relief that I saw the bushranger grasp the other by his sleeve, with "Hang it! Mat; I don't want to seo. such rolics of the departed. Finish your tale quickly, and then talk of something more lively. You got as far os the murder. Now about the assassins. How did they manage to become ghosts so soon ?" " Well, then, I will tell you. They were struck by lightning whilst sawing away at their work about a week later. Their charred remains, burnt as black as an adder, were found by two troopers, and buried ; but every moonligkt night you maystill Bee the shadows of these murderers, and their great saw heaving arid falling, and falling and heaving, through the blood-spattered log upon which they aro at work.". " Avauut, man, avaunt, no more of this," cried Morgan, with a shudder of horror. " Curso it all, throw some more logs on the fire and change the conversation." The older man obeyed, with a low chuck- ling laugh, and, taking advantage of the noise he made in wrenching off some more of tho broken woodwork of the tumbledown hut, I slipped out of the window, with the determination of finding my way back, to the water-hole, securing my shooting irons and then returning and taking the notor- ious bushranger either,dead or alive, ,l' ¿lid not,care a rap which. ' V '. V*i'-',- -î' ír'-"'.j,.* ' ? .'i . -, The storm was by this time nearly., over, and presently., the moon shone ; out from between .rifts of .black jagged.cloud, mater- ially; aiding me in finding the way. ,, : , In. spite of this, however, I. lost : my,, road more than .once, and at length, before I was aware . of ; it,' found ^myself close¡ to, the haunted sawpit. ,.,,.," ; .-y,, ,., ;, I' recognised it. with :a ¡cry of.horrpryfor there, sure enough, were the two sawyers working away at the log, ..their j'lbng weird arms rising and falling and their broad steel; blade gleaming, as with.a...harsh, 'rasping sound.it cleft its way through the .wood. J I confess that I was coward enough to tum my back on these ghosts and run. ' it I didn't reflect whither, nor did^IBlacken my pace until I heard, a loud, hearty voice, cry out- ......-" ,.¡.-.,(,,. ! ; " Where away, mate, in auqh,a.,nurry ? Are.you running from Morgan pr. the'dèvil, which ?",¡ "And ...then,-' Tight '^betôe,/me, mounted on hie fine ./grey charger, motion- less as an equestrian 'statue, hewn/from, marble, I beheld Tom' Doolan,,'a, fellow-' trp'pper . from , the Mullengandra oíitUta ..«*».'i'.y "..'-"Aj ?'' Oh; Tom, is . that, you P1' , , I ,'/gasped; "Have you.'seen the 'ghostsVpf. the^two' sawyers ?" , ' * ' . ..'I,' ; "Aye,' that' I , haye," waB /the flaughing retort, .',and from, a little .distance.I. must own that" the deception' is/ , wonderful; ; I never/' saw so' ^perfect an' ' Optical delusion before, but I've been up close to the pit, and your ghÖBts'. there turned out to 'betwo fire-blackened tree stumps and the saw'.tho '.drooping branch bf à' silver- wattle,' / which, hangs down into the pit' and is swayed up and down by the windi ' But where is your horse and what is yöür little ga'me'in this locality?" « --;!- :' -yi-->l:t-v.-v j./t My fears allayed, all ' my ? cunning- and circumspection returned on that, instant, j ' 'I had no idea of sharing the 'prize-money ¡ 'offered - for the -capture1 of-Morgan' with Master Tom Doolan, so I said-' . « '? 1 j ' "Mate; a frightful crime has been com- mitted this very doy. ' And an old man» has been brutally murdered 1 close Ho this spot i by two bushmen who have given his body to their dogs, all except his legs,,which'they have buried in the sawpit, for what purpose never-mind at present, ul-have only just learned this fact, and tho murderers are not off.- - You hunt them - in-that -direction- and I will. instantly. got ,back ¡ to my camping ground, saddle my horse , and pursue j them in the other. Don't ask any questions for there isnt time to answer 'them. Let,us act now, and, our mon caught, I will ex- plain Oll. . , ', ' ':? . '1 , " f , I .. i t ,. I ¡ " Well, mate, ihereV your, re vol vers,-for: Tve paésed.your camping-grounp and 'your holsters being nearlyjiwet; through, JI 'trans- ferred tthe weapons to .mj^oyrn .pooieia] to, keep the powder dry. -It's a rum,yarn-yo.u, tell me, but as there's no, time for explana- tions, I will obey ybu;blindfold." * , , 'J i And, handing me ' my. firearms,,away ihe1' galloped, in tho direction I had pointed, out,' ¡ot course a diametrically' opposite one . to that of tho lone hut, back-towards which I: now 'aped ; as , fast' ¿is j myVlegs,,would; carry, me, 'V,. ' . .'?';';"?", ," j '^l'^U i ,", iJ^More by luck than anything/else, I * soon 'found it again, bùt bèfore I;left the'shadow: of the trees)11 carefully'examined my'revol- vers and put fresh caps on all .the , nipples, in case tho old ones ' might have ' become dnmp..v < , rn. Ur'.-;'.* s,-r.<.~,\\-\ Then I threw myself flat on my stomach and crept in a noiseless and snakelike ' man- ner towards the house), for/the.; great glare' of the fire that the fellows were sitting beside threw a whole river', pf rliddy .light out'through'the battered-in doorway and 'far[.'into the',; silent bush,' which I1 had, to e'rosti i to, ; reach' the ' window. o£: the inner chamber at the back,'by which aperture I intended to storm their ' citadel. - .!. . . . t ' Presently' I' reached' it and crept" cau- tiously through, taking"up my old position behind the fisBure-rent partition. ' ! ¡ Morgan , and his companion were, ¡both with their backs towards me. ": . They were sitting in silence, but the bushranger's revolver lay on the top of the old cask, very ready to his hana,, and.I (noticed that ¡the other rascal had a long single-barrelled fowling-piece, .between hiB knees, which he seemed to be cleaning with' an oiled rog. r¡ ? : I took deliberate aim at Morgan; through the partition, and was, about to'pull the trigger, when a sudden feeling came over me that I was acting a coward's part to fire at a man behind his back without a word of warning, so I stepped boldly bill " from my place of concealment mto,the room,:? cry- ing- : ; ' .'. .:*'. " Down with you, ' Morgan, for > the odds aré. too heavy for. me to try'to take you alive,'.' and as I spoke, I rapidly fired ai'ahot at each. '&i; . .-r. ¡ >. ? Both bullets missed. " Confound you fool-hold your hand , we're honest men," shouted' Morgan with- out raising his pistol. ? ' 'Tis false,' I cried, firing again. I saw the broad cabbage-tree hat fly from the bushranger's head and a thin stream of blood trickle down« his face. Then before I could fire another shot I was hurled to the ground by a blow that would have felled an ox, and when I recovered consciousness I found myself lying, on the damp floor bound with cords, and my captors standing over me, Morgan having his head bound up with a thick handkerchief. ' "What the deuco did you fire at me for?' he demanded furiously. ' Dog ! murderer ! cannibal !' I screamed, half mad at the failure of my scheme and making sure that I should myself now be killed and eaten. ,; '¡ , 'If you call me those names again I won't leave a whole bone in your' body.' was ;the angry retort. "" '? "' .',fl".1 j 'Coward! monster! demon !* I screamed, spitting at bim viciously whilst I directed a violent kick at the shins of his companion, which took excellent effect; 'unbind me, and we'll Boon see who is the best man!' ' Give the idiot hm wish, and knock bim into a cocked hat,' suggested the hoary vil- lain, nursing bis sore leg and eying me vindictively. 'Keep dose guard over those guns and pistols then, so that he can't get nigh them, and I will,' responded the bushranger, much to my astonishment, and the next moment he bad cut my bonds with a knife, which he threw to his companion, Ko sooner was I free than I sprang at his throat intending to strangle* him, hut a well-directed blow, straight from the shoul- der, sent me sprawling. I came to the scratch five times after this, but it WOB all to no purpose, for in less than aB many miDUtes, I was, to use bis mate's pithy simile, knocked into a cocked hat and no min take aboutit. ' ' Now, then, perhaps you * will explain! your unaccountable behaviour, before. 1 'Blip the cords on you again,' said my- conqueror. ' ' * Are you not both murderers arid canni- bals, and was I not authorised - in shooting such wretches ?' I gasped. ? j ! ' The man is mad,' said the older ruffian, with a shrug of his shoulders. 1 Not mad nor a fool either,' I responded, savagely; ' I heard yon both confess td'kil ling a harmless old man and to preserving h¡B legs to eat. You are monsters who should be shot down like wild beosts.' \- -What-peala of laughter shook the hut as I concluded ! l'or a few moments neither spoke, but at last the elder bushranger said,* 'Are you such a new chum, then, as not to know that a male kangaroo, after it hns reached a certain age, is called an "old manr Anyhow that's the only kind of an old man we've killed to-day. we gave his body a fore-quarters to pur dogs, because they are tough and 'stringy,'but we've'buried his hind legs for àfeed to- morrow.' ; " At all events, you're Morgan, the bush- ranger, and your head is worth more than its weight in gold, I roared, looking round ine furtively to see if I couldnt snatch', up Borne weapon to enable me still to, win. the' reward that I was hankering after. ; i '' At this second /charge bf mine, the " hil- arity of the two men seemed tb be more', eli- cited th'an¡ a£ first"but in the midst of.it Tom Doolan who had been brought" to: the spot, by the sound or the firing, bounded into the hut, and with a thrill of. delight.; I cried, .'Shoot .themidqwn, Tom : ita .Morgan' the bushranger,'and his mate.' ' ? ' , . j 1 '!;'' Góod; 1 heavens j' what is the ; matter ?' Why,'1 this :Í8 'Mr.''Morgan, the great'Mel-1' bourne detective,1 not the rascally bush- ranger 1,, Why,: .Mr. ' Morgan,' my ; fellow trooper continued, turning, to my late anta-' goniBt, ' what on earth bringa, you, up , into these parts, and in this disguise r"' and he shook' hands with; them warmly, a's he.'cori-, eluded. . . ' »? i ' '??.!'> Lr ?a-!?.??!.- i>.;(i; [THE Eira.] . ..>.:.'. , ; 