WHO CAN TELL; (?Continued.1) Who nearly basted up the show at tlio Catholic echooliodta in Lau noes ton the other evening. It was Morris against the piano. The piano got the biff fellow down and worried'hiin. What sort of a timo will the Sonth . Louooeston boys have now Charley Gregory is to bo super of tlie new 'jug' up in that quarter. What the Lannceston chemist will have to dnb np for blowing Jimmy Martin and Pasty Oox through the windows of the Albert Hall last Christmas, it wns only a little mistake, and they sent the wrong .mixture. Next Supreme Court will assess the damages. Why there is no paste at the Launceston Railway Station. Why the homing birds at Lann ceston were thrown np instead of being senl out to different stations. What the mean man from Cradoc Hill did with the six shillings he got for pounding Johnny's cows on Sunday. It probably went to pay Harry s arrears of wages. The ttvo would-be puga with the big feet that used socta filthy language and fought opposite the Wesleyan church at P.C. over tbe girl with the red dress. Where were the Roberts. The reason why a parcel sent1 from. Hooart by rail to Evandale cost ninepence prepaid, while the same parcel being sent by the post office department would be delivered for threepence. How many of the late manager of the Queen P.A.'s friends accept the balance sheet as correct. Will Dolly employ Dempster and Brookes to make her costumes now that her father has got the lode, and will her present best boy be good enough for her ladyship or will she look higher. The old beau who is an especial favorite with the ladies and is up to any Dodge although a bachelor. The house in Carnarvon where lato dances are held accompanied by a wind instrument, tbe sceue much resembling a Jack in the Box. Why Jeune has left off watching Aonty's geese at Franklin. Is it because they are not laying as many Aggs as they usually did or is he in dread of being Clippered. What made Jimmy imagine he was sach a lady-killer. Was it his beard or that nice house which was the attraction. The mean young man that went around C.F. Bay 'on Snnday to get a petition signed to remove the schoolmaster. Was it because he would not teach his youngster for threepence or because his shrubby was found with the rone. Whether J. Price's mate is in the bay yet and if he nses the oat on those under him. The blacksmith from Geeveston that went hunting the other Sunday np Ballahoo and took a wallaby ofif a barefooted lad and told his friends hie dogs caught it. A lay reader down South, the owner of a famous Arab steed, and who in travelling about carries a chaff bag nearly full of fodder with him. Is it because his flock is mean or does the nkimal eat in proportion to his size. It takes some point-on out. ' A pound of pluck is worth a ton of luck ' — Bome^imes. A Mont pelier-etreet knight of the cleaver went to Sorell stock sale and bought a live kangaroo for 10s. It gave up the ghost before reaching Btllerive. Poor chum had been plucked. What sort of a stir that hat caused in the big house in Mac qaario-stroet. What a surprise. That when the gods fnvored a Sorell yahoo by letting him see a red coat he went mad with delight and his little houI burst until ho let the world know it. The venerable old gentleman who tried to palm a blind sheep pup on to an unsuspecting neighbor down Carlton way. The fair maid, of Kellevie whose love thrives on mutton birds'. 