Editor's Note Book. 'I h" M INKu's 1; 11; I ri 1 has not spok.-n wholly in \ a;n and 1 am -lad to obsei ve that the people of the colony a re at last getting aroused to the bogus coinpanv danger. The Coohtuntir Mmcr make the following sensible ri marks concei n- ing it. " At present there are nune rous West Australian inines oil'ering in Mugland, but, for the r most part, they have no titles, and the ignorance in Mngland of the constantly-changing (Jeldlields Regulations of Western A ustralia make it dillicult to do business without copies of the Act." This from a leading tirm of brokers in London. It contains so much truth that it calls for the most serious consideration and the local Mining Regulations Revision Committee, if they have not already devoted some thought to t he mat tor, wi 11 doubtless do so before completing their labors. 11 is one of the gravest drawbacks under which we exist. It is a well known fact that a number of properties have beell sent to London with the object of I lota I ion to some of which the vendors have not a ghost of a title, and much legal worry and necessarily useless ex pend i t tire of money in list eventually accrue from thisslate of things. Leases have been sent to the London market over w hich no protection has been secured or guaranteed. I f not actually jumped now, they are either liable to lie So or carefully watched for a breach of t he Regulal ions to occu r, when the professional jumper, .t in evidence on I lie lield, seizes an op- I >:b.\ !•• --v.raet ! .|,:ek r.iai! or obiain l'nrt'eillli-e. < Mir I !-e,i!l t;:!!.- ( be upheld, and our IlllereSI . a-, a W hole e;;rcfull\ guarded, and in do i his we must ,;ecutv 'In' co-operation of investors abroad, who, by insist mg en b,n>,i //',/,•>-, obtaining the ni os I reliable i 11 l'o r i it: 11 i o! i from the spot, and si ml v ing l lie peeularit ies of our mining- laws, can do much towards improving the situation. At all hazards, and at any cost, this injurious state of things should be it luedicd. Our reputation is al slake, our prosperity threatened with ruin, and oar probity everlastingly damned if n medial measures are not adopted. Let th people unite in plaeiii" In Tot r th • world a I rue stale of the alia: rs here, for once a number of t hese mist; kes or frauds, or whatever they may be, are brought to light, ca pi la I w i 11 light shy of t his lield, and as it is London w hence in future we hope to obtain the money to develop lllost of olir leas.es, it behoves us to carefully guard the interests of Lnglish investors, lor by : o doing we are securing our own advancement. It is a matter requiring g'ave thought, and in the revision of the Mining Regu lal ions will doubtless occupy milch attention. We feel sure t hat 111ose who have the welfare of I lie coin n i u n i t y at heart will join with us in attempting to throw light upon shady transactions, to point out injurious errors, ami to do till in t heir pow er to keep t he name of < 'oolgardie sweet and unsullied before I lie Argus eves of the mining world."' A \a!::ed ('oolgardie contributor S"11ds me the nolo i.iveii h rounder, which sollie w hot ( < III loll III Is t lie identities of Mess;-... "C ill! and OavCs, but is, ol her wise, an excellent criticism of t he Na s t ies of the R'ailwav department. •• Like i lie :'< st ivblack I e! low, we read about, t he ( 'oiiimissioiier of Railways verv rarely opens his mouth without, putting his foot in it, and his reply to the deputation who waited upon liini <ni Friday .'2Sth insi. >'<• the excessive freight rates charged from Northam to Southern Cross, further adds to his athletic fame in this particular direction, for he made some of the most start Ii ngannouncements that could well be imagined as emanating from anyone outside a lunatic asylum, and cannot be excused in him, except we allow as e extenuating circumstances, that lie has'nt yet rallied from theell'ects of the 7 ('» champagne consumed at the late banquet, an ogrie, by the way, which seems' to have been got up in order that lie could inform the various stokers, guards and porters under his tender • charge how essential it was that he should beat the head of the (iovernnient Railways. I'.ut to return to our subject, Mr. Venn first appears before t lie depu tat ion in the role of Mother Shipton, and blandly informs his astonished audience in particular, and the world at large genera 1 ly that thegoldtields were only to last i>U years, and at the end of that time Coolgardie, the ! Cross i!vc, were to descend to the lew 1 ; of (ioldsniith's deserted village. This ; being- the case, the festive (Vminis- : si oner went on to inform his audience, it was necessary to charge the high freights in order that the line would collie under the head of a reproductive work-, and then, with childlike simplicity he goes on to say that in his opinion /h('S>'. ir/ii> ifrrivt• i/k: (jrcatus friw/t if s/touUl jxn/ Ihe f>iper. .hist so That is exact 1 v the way 1 look at it, anel I would ask Does Wcsleni Australia as a whole, and 1V i t!i .-.ml Freniantle in particular derive no beiielii I'l'oin the gold 1 it *! < Is ? A I the very hour, to speak, t hat the ( lissioiier o| Railways is uttering this toinmvrol te tile deputation, he, with others, is rending his garments over the available space for the accoinmodal ion of goods, ami the limited harhour facilities not being sutlicient to meet the increase! 1 trade brought about by the recent gohl I discoveries. If the presumptive pro;;; liostieations, of this modern Solomon :11V t<> be counted upon as likely to come to pass we would ask him whether, under the circumstances, it is wise to go in for extensive goods sheds, and beautiful wharves, when the belling is b to 1 according to his own showing that they must eventually turn out white elephants. No sane person will for a. moment deny that it is not no much the " tlofating population" in the interior, as Mr. Venn dubs the men who are by dint of hard work and privation advancing thecountrv dailv, de rive the benelit, but the settled population, on the centres of commerce, who and that being the case it is a suicidal as well as a sellish policy to emulate Shylock because we have the " lloaling population" under the whip. In other words, as Mr. Simpson, one of the deputation put it, it is a case "of the miner's extremity is the (iovernments opportunity." The proper development of the !_, r o Id fields is of national importance. It is'nt a case of whether a line will pay as a commercial speculation, and as to tin 1 population being a lloat in^ one it appears that the Commissioner's aim is to do all in his power to keep them floating by making living so dear as to force every other industry but successful mining, into the background. According to the silly arguments of the Commissioner and his set scale, there never would be a hack freight, and Coolgardie being much further away, lie must either go into a trance again and extend the terms of its longevity as a goldliehl charge terrible rates, or tin or else ment will never get the lim Governthrough thirty to there on reproductive lines at years tenure. I publish below the greater portion of a letter, sent by Mr A. F. Calvert to the J'all Mall (lazrttr, together with sonic remarks upon it, which he publishes in his own journal the H\st Ansiinluui A'rviru\ 1 have eliminated Mr Calvert's remarks concerning his grandfather wdio is becoming something of a bore and seems to hang on worse than the Old Man of the Sea, and to intrude as much as King Charles's head into Mr. .Dick's manuscripts. The latter reads as follows:—Sir,—Allow me to take exception to the views put forward by your correspondent, " An Old Colonist," in your issue of to-day's date. In the lirst place, lie says then 1 are forty-seven companies coining out ; by what means lie arrives at that number 1 am certainly at a loss to know. . . . J should say tliat one half that number would be in excess of the facts. Next lie says lie hears that ,v there is plenty of money in the colonies to woik all the good ones (mines)." With regard to this, 1 have, during the last few years, in my capacity as a mining engineer, visited all the most important I gold districts in Western Australia at I present discovered, and in every dis- ' iriet the cry is " Want of capital to de- j velop the hundreds of promising reefs ! that have been discovered." Referring to his remark's that the exhibits of gold had been " well worked," allow me to state the Government sent the gold over chielly through my own suggestion, and 1 consider it was done most legitimately and honestly, and that they were perfectly within their rights to let the world see the bona fide produce of their vast undeveloped territory. Nothing was further from the idea of the Government than to assist in promoting- any company whatsoever ; they felt it was an industry of great magnitude, and one which they should do all in their power to make known. I feel very strongly upon the vast opening; for the legitimate utilization of capital which Western Australia oilers in her recently discovered reefs. There will, no doubt, hi a few sw indies I'oi:,ted on e mark public ouehi to ha v. ; I! 1 i c: e: <ii. illation to detect tin ' wo! I'm si clot hing," and old < • 1 ndei's am pn nmiers ought to be i refill I y a\< I akew ise where I he pitai of the V- i s V high, ; 11! cash to be pa lor an imp >Veu promost perty is a big l lien tin care- j invest igat ion is necessary, a I the inosl ; prude nt will give some of lese " I-;- ! things a w ide bin h. 'I'h conipan v >t ing sw i lid lei s will o y deal 111 large li figure's, and of the tin wort Id will ari'ed ! the highest prie What I pa •t ieu larly warn the pu to guard ag; inst in the schemes wI are about to >e laid before t hem, are 1. Cotnp nies formed for t he i pose of exploring for gold which will not even contain a gold. Those prospectuses e< rights to explore over thousands of acres are nothing more than a blind and a trap to catch the unwary. Companies formed to work properties which have not even yet been located, and of a doubtful existence. ">. Companies formed to purchase properties ( barren land) because- they may be close to I lay ley's or some other reward claim, or because they mav be at Coolgardie. I might, have mentioned that shortly alter the discovery of Raylcy's Gold Mine every acre of the country was pegged out tor miles around, and the public will sooner or later be asked by the sharp promoter to pay thousands of pounds per acre tor ground which, the chances are, will prove io he perfectly barren. In my experience, where nature has been so very prolific, and has packed the precious metal into a small area, it has generally been at the sacrifice of the surrounding country. Still, Western Australia oilers a very large and profitable margin where there is a buna Jni<'. investment. Albert F. Calveit, M.F.. F.R.G.S., F.G.S.R. 47, Old llroad Street, July IS. In reference to the above Mr. Calvert in the West .1 astraiian /iVr/ov writes : We print the above letters, which have appeared in the recent issues of the J'all Mall (•'ir.cttr. May we ask the '"Old Colonist" it lkiyley's Reward Claim at Coolgardie is not worth ,C^,ooo an acre ? or is not Mawson's Reward Claim on the Duntlas Hill ? not to mention a hundred others. It is very easy for a person to sit down in his comfortable armchair and deliver his sneers at the pioneers, who after suffering untold privations and risking their lives in the deserts of Western Australia, look lor some recompense. Some " friend of his," it seems, has written to him that there is plenty of money in the colonies to work all the good mines. Friends, as we know by experience, are ever ready with advice, more particularly if those friends happen to be relations. We are bound to admit, that a good deal of Rritish capital has been locked up and lost in the Kastern Colonies. Hut can any capitalist say that he has lost money in Western Australia ? The " Old Colonist" has a postscript to his letter. Like some well known insects, the sting lies in I is tail. l lie innuendo which he indul, g\s in regard ing the gold exhibits, w h eh have bee n " well win ked," as he expresses it, seems to convey a mvstei ious hint t hat the Wt st A list ralian Go\ ei no honest right to purchase JJa.aS-HI worth of specimen gold for exhibition in the Imperial Institute. Why on earth does lie not object to the Crown jewels at the Tower of London, the National Gallery of pictures, or tor the matter of that, to the lions of the Zoo ; 1 lis " What do yon think r" has net been answered by t he ed i lor < f t lie J 'all A/all (hr.ette. We take the liberty of informing him that we think" lie is a meddling and misinformed busybody. Talk is cheap, but, as they say across the Atlantic, " the dollar talks." Let our friend " Old ('olonist"-- - which is so often a sylionyin for " old fool" either write sense or mind his ow n business." " Old Colonists" effusion was published recently in the West Australian. Revert ing to the vexed epicst ion of the goklfield railway rates 1 notice that : -On "ic .-e> .1 l.uiuarv, I So.g Su- John Forrest, • 11 ' • : l':ca .user, in his Financial -me.il, '-p'Ae I !.,,•;,.,- matter k :!': iW-k-w. : " Not!,in;., 1 think, n.eie than the !aihv :i\ iMiin,!i'.,, the progi ev, am! <,'. \< :< pmoci t },.i( the cuLnv is going tliioiirh. and I l>r|ie\e we are ju.s( beguinin;', now Io |eel the dice's of our railuav |'"hcv. l!i:hcM.., as we all know, we ha\ e |e; many years built them in a ha!Iand halt soi t o| way, I went v miles now ••"id ' o M \ miles again, and we haw expert, ed tin .e i iilwa\s would infant hi tf,-;•'•/,>/> ' '•'•• • "•'•'/;/ >' >'•'"! i lata ut/v />av. I /;a; "• "•'••'»••>- .'•»!, J thai this U 'as alf, ></<•/h ;ara»,f a.ss:,ni/\'b>;:. Tar fa, t <f a rail;.'ay / anni/i'/ /aroixja a , <.///,•//// ,!ars tir/ makr l/'r 'ana war, f) <>,/;/, •//• v. Jar // /< (i,,Iy t/;r in,!'ll,r>)l,-il( !a l )a' > ('(/ \,'',/ sr///i in, nt tlait >r \r!lr ham a laihrai/, (l)ul irhni r»u bulla a railn-aijit trust takr satar yrars l>r/u>r risa/t ran ar ,i >ta i/ir,/\ ,,/id that has t>rrn the iusr ,-aith tu/r Irast, ru I\a<hr,nj. As I have :,.ud on sc\cial occa.sions, it is impossible in a .'oimtiy like tins far any real /'/•('(//(>-.s- la la luutir ua/, v /hrre arr rhea aud raj'id Iia-,l!;r a) r,an ;:,'•/uiautiial far ,-aith (•/it it ,•!<>•/ vlliin^ is /'tt/ah'si',/, because people cannot get about the country." " ( 'n Friday .1 uly j tii l S, ,. ( M r. \'enn, the present ('omniissinner of Railways, said " It is the duty ofthe Govenunent in constructing these speculative pioneer railways to make them pay interest on the outlay. It should he remembered that if in io, 15, or j<_> years the population had left Coolgardie or Naunine, the burden would fall on the settled population, and it. would he more than they could bear," and in reply to an interjection h>" Mr. I liingwoi tli, fin tlicr asserted "that the same argument did'nt apply to Runbiuy," (a statement we feel sure Sir John Forrest will •jndorse) The conclusive, and, in fact, the main argument of Mr Venn, (if it can be called an argument,) was that as " longas the trucks returned empty from the ( Yoss," the people would ha v'e to pay freight charges covering the return journey as well as that into the interior, in other words they would have to pay for the running of ;> It» miles in place of I 7<> miles. So 1 hat w e have the ( 'oloiiial Treasurer in IS',I-.' deploring the want of intellect in his colleagues, when they expected a railway to pay instantly, and prophesying paral ysaiion ;diouhl t hey fail to give cheap and ra pid means of com m u n ieation, aud denouncing dm system of building railways in a half and half sort of way as directly opposed to the progress of the colony. This is the first act of the 1 hirlesi|ue, and the second rising of the curtain discovers, the Commissioner of Railways, speaking for the Government, of which Sir John Forrest, she Colonial Treasurer, is the head, d esi una! ing I he lines io the " only staple asset of t hs colony," as specula- 1 i vc, and calcu la t ei 1 io ruin the " set t led populat ion." All t he beau t i fill t rut lis that Sir John advanced two -hort years agi * about " de velopi ng the con nt ry I >v giN'ing inducement to increased settlenii nt" is knocked on the head by the I rutal candour of Mr Venn, who bluntly in.onus intending settlers in thesi; parts that it they would domicile anywhere outside r.uubury, they must be prepared to pay double lor their goods what they would if they burrowed in the ''spud country," or perhaps more properly speakirg the " loresl ' country. Of course >ve don't know whether Sir John endorses the statements of Mr. Venn, who, peihaps. alter nil has only been iloatinu on the w ings ol a coiroscah us faiic\\-, bi.riowed from the light of the I 1 a llic Mana.g r's high falutin ei cations, and do< med Iodic in ihesaine o'ns( ureepu 11 hi e 111 rn w 1 lit hi!K\>pring his mind, 1! he has one. 1 tna-t ii is so. For the sake of the coh'mining industry. 1 hope that w IK n Sir J« Im ; p( ke ; o stroimly I wo \ t ars ago al «i i;l raiiw av 1 < ai? 11 ei lit n he U a a 1. t it I o a [ ] ! y :. ( 1 t. 1 all v. a I al wasn't impelled |,y the kiu.wii dge ' hat he had sc-iiK thing up his siccwji.: ! al llic time whit h pi c 11.1.-1 d to l \ o! \ e ii.io the fa 1 mlous goose that laid the goh;Yn LLg>, 1 tiust that lie will siu k to Id:. < oh nr.-, ai:d thus help the colony to in, lw the last out c.f the biid that is just now laying ^uart/ reels and sundry slugs ol gold. 1 have to state that, owing io circumstances In. y;:nd the control of the promotels, the prespc'gus of 'die m w Er<-i;in[j I'rrss newspaper docs not appear in this 1 issue of the MINKR'S Ricirr. It has, however, been piinted and copies are obtain -' ie 11; 0:1 application at this office, ;,t the brokers and horn t he pri i\ l.-ii ina I directors. N( ',1 1 s.a 1 e will contain the piospeclus in bd!. Already a huge number of' shares have be en applied for. ( 'onsiderablc grumbling has been created during the past week about the delay in the delivery ol the mails. Really some drastic measures should be: taken to remedy these r constantly rec urring evils. The e/ a results to business people of these delays are little short of disastrous. As usual the I >cpart ment of Railways blames the I'ost office and, also as usual the Post olliee throws back the blame to the Railways. It matters not who or what is to blame, whoever or whatever it is, should be sacked, abolished, wiped out, sat upon, annihilated or otherwise dealt with in a persuasive manner. f Speaking ofthe l'ost office leads me to ask why it is that trains are not provided with postal boxes. In most of the colonies these conveniences tor late letteis are provided aud it is a real misfortune that there is nothing of the: kind here. In Fngland the principle has been extended even to tramcars which now act as moving postal boxes and are of much service:. It the: Post-master General is unequal to the t a.sk ot cleaning the .Augean stables, over which lie presides, he might mollify the public with little comforts of this kind. lam told---only told, mind you—I don't vouch for it, and 1 am not prepared to bring torward a microscopic scrap of evidence: to prove my information correct that a tunny little incident occurred at the olliee of a well know "statesman"!!) 'tother day. This highly placed pohiod has certain ([nasi judicial functions to perform w hich involv e the disposal of big propertied interests. Well, a particularly big and coveted slice of cheese: is in dispute at present and one of thecals concerned went to tlu: man ---I mean Minister and told him that his (the cat's) people were going to lloat their slice, into a big company and would the adjudicator object (strictly in his private capacity of course) to taking a seat upon the directorate. The statesmen did object with extreme vigour and the pioposer withdrew with a graceful and suggestive jerk. Some people aie lost tor want of business tact. A base, mean, grovelling correspondcut with 110 soul capable of soaring to the transcendental heights of a nigger variety ; show writes me to say that once upon a time in the library of a very very great : little man, who has lately made a splash, I suggestive of suicide in the musical world, there used to be some nicely bound, per- ; perfectly sound, volumes of Gilbert; Gus- | lave Annard, Tom lleod and Miss Jano ; Porter, and that the v enerable work of Joe .M iller was intact. Now, says this dread- \- ful man. "they are so cut about that they j look like anti-maccassars." lie goes on ^ to say that sombody ofprrdaturij instincts ! must have been at them. The nasty, mean thing ! llullrliii (Sydney) nurses thus a ugly in the n u ise ami music of Robinson and JIart. "The music of Gov. RiJiinson's opera. •• Rivdatores." is an i 1 nprov cniei 11 on the libretto. That is aboii! I he baldest rehash of bandits, mountain surprises, lovelorn maidens, fat old latin rs, and sentimental mothers that have pranced about the Mage since' Gilbeit and Sullivan [mi t In 111 ; he-re. •• 1 Yi a hit o res" i s ii ii h s Ikdiiml any of them. The ballads anthe nicest things about Gov. W. Robinson's part of I lie i nisi 111 ss. Of 1 hese. tin re are about a baker';; eh y.eii. and as I hey are all pretty much alike l lmy will be easy ene ugh to learn." And in amain r column gives the following as statements of facts. "Governor Robinson's opera may seem dull enough but the proot-SS of manufacture was supn liiely comic. Theatitlior privileged to collaborate with "" Sir Wi 1 lianf' in this great work" is a Mr. Hart---the same Hart, possibly who erstwhile served as Melbourne press interpreter for Johnny Toole's practical jokes, and who impersonated the bursts of merriment when that funny old man used to walk into ;i tailor's shop o nil y a litis of cough-lozenges. 11 a i - t I a vine I ):'(•!> i n i • t ho ( !oy,'s Jester, a I '>11 it bibretli. or some simi lar pu bl ic department was invented for his benefit by (ho Westra lian (Joverninont, and in his eapaeit v <>1' Bureaucrat the Literary brought his brain to hoar upon Robinson's t>j>;m\i. Meanwhile the musician wrestled with the same matter in his composing room at Government House, (lie I'.iireau and the vice-regal den being connected by telephone. As soon as Hart had completed a now lyrie lie rang no his noble patron and breathed the sparkling lines down the tubes, where upon a voice from al'ar s]>l u (torod, " bea u t i fu I !" charming," or " exceedingly quaint and catchy,' 1 as the ease niighl be. Presently I lart would be rung up to listen to the bit of music H is Kxeel leney had dashed oil' in h is latest lit of inis of Sir William's spiraiion. The si rail piano lloatod up the telephone spoilt and Hooded the P>ure; in with melody, Then Hart in his turn answered, " dclie ions," " enchanting," or l> bright ami spirit cd," according to circumstances. And thus the concoction of the opera proceeded on a sound mutual admiration system. The collaborateurs never quarrelled or rriticised each other's contributions, like Gilbert and Sullivan. The course of tele phone composition was only interrupted by Sir William's gracious, " See you to night; 1 suppose ;" to which Hart invan ably replied, '' Your Bxcellcncy is too good." Of course, as we all know, there was no Government Bureau established for Mr. Hart's benefit as alleged. Mr Hart ran his own bureau, and bureaued his operatic jokes while doing so. 