THE COCK LANE GHOST. The ghost of Cock Lane is the subject of an article by Mr. Howard Pyle, in Harper s Magazine. The lane, according to Mr. Pyle, 1 was a dirty little slum at the back of St. Sepulchre's Church, between Show Hill and Giltspur-street. The house where tbe ghost disported herself was tenanted by Mr. Parson, clerk of St. Sepulchre's Church, who had a daughter aged 12 years, the " medium " in the case. To Mr. Parsons, in 1759, enters Mr. Kent, or Eempe, who was living with his deceased wife's Bister, Miss Fanny. Each of these interesting lovers made a will bequeathing bis or her worldly wealth to the Burvivor, On a certain occasion Mr. Kent had to go to a funeral in the country, leaving Miss Fanny alone in Cock Lane. The young woman invited Parson's little girl to Bhare her bed and both she and the child were kept awake all night by scratching and rapping noises. These phenomena recurred at intervals for some time, and were unexplained. Then the KentB quarrelled with Parsons, and left the lodgings, and the disturbance ceased. In her new lodgings in Clerkenwell, Miss Fanny died, and then tbe trouble began again in Cock Lane, always attending Parson's little girl. She became much alarmed, and a woman named Mary Fraser was procured to attend her. MiBS Frezer suggested trying to correspond by raps with tbe ghost, and tbe ghoBt chose to allege that it or she had been nolsoned by Mr. Kent, and that it wanted Mr. Kent to be satisfactorily hanged. Not only did it rap, but it filled the room with a sound of fluttering wines. All London now flocked to Cack Lane. Horace Walpole went with Lady Mary Coke (the daughter of the Duke of Argyll who fought at Sherifmuir), and with the Duke of York, whom Lady Mary loved with a ridiculous passion. Walpole saw and heard nothing, and of course ridiculed the whole affair. But tbe Wesleyana took up the ghost, the Church of England followed suit, t Dr. Johnson investigated it, and the end came c shortly. The ghost promised to rap at her own b coffin in St. John's Clerkenwell, but when enquirers went tbitber, the ghost did not come to the scratch. Moreover, it became known that Parsons and Kent had had a quarrel about money, and here was an obvious motive for the accusations of tbe ghoBt. The child was taken to a strange house, she was hung up in a hammock, and she was told that if the ghoBt wonld not "manifest" her father would be imprisoned as an impostor. The unlucky child therefore took a little board of wood to bed, and scratched on it. The old noises were not produced on It, but noises of a thoroughly normal character were produced. So all the Cock Lane people, including the curate of St. Sepulchre's, were tried for conspiracy before Lord ManBfield, and were found guilty and punished. Parsons was put in the pilloty, but the rabble still believed, and collected money fosbuS| 