THE JEWISH MAIDEN. In a charity school, among the children, sat i little Jewish girl. She was a good, intelligent child, and very quick at her lessons j but the Scripture- lesson class she was not allowed to join, for this was a Christian school. During the hour of this lesson, the Jewish girl was allowed to learn her geography, or to work her sum for the next day; and when her geography lesson was perfect, the book remained open before ber, but she read not another word, for she sat silently listening to the words of the Christian teacher. Ha soon became awere that the little one waB paying more attention to what he said than moBt of the other children. " Read your book, Sarah," he said toiler gently. But again and again he saw her dark, beaming ^yes fixed upon him; and once, when he asked her a question, she could Answer him even better than the other children. She had not only heard, but understood his words, and pondered them in her heart. Her father, a poor but honest man, had placed hiB daughter at the school on the conditions that she should not be instructed in the Christian faith. But it might have caused confusion, or raised discontent in the minds of the other children, if she had been sent out of the room, so she remained ; and now It was evident this could not go on. The teacher went to her' father, and advised him to remove hid daughter from the school, or to allow her to become a Christian. " I cannot any longer be an idle spectator of thoeti beaming eyes, which express such a deep and earnest longing for the words of the gospel," said he. Then the father burst into tear?. " I know very little of the law of my fathers," he said ; 41 but Sarah's mother was firm in her faith as a daughter of Israel, and I vowed to her on ber deathbed that our ohild should never be bapt'zid. I must keep my vow; it is to me even as a covenant with God Himself.*' And so the little Jewish girl left the Christian school. Years rolled or. In one of the smallest rovinclal towns, in a humble household, Bved a poor maiden of the Jewish faith, as servant, Her hair was black u ebony, her eye dark as night, yet full of light and brilliancy so peculiar to the daughters of the east. It was Sarah. The expression In the face of the gcown- up maiden was still the same as when, a child, she sat on the schoolroom form listening with thoughtful eyes to the words oi the Christian teacher. Every Sunday there sounded forth from a church close by the tones of an organ and the singing of the congregation. The Jewish girl heard them in the bouee where, industrious and faithful in all things, she performed her household duties. "Thou shalt keep the Sabbath holy," said the voice of the law in her heart; but her Sabbath was a working day among the Christians, whloh was a great trouble to her. And then as the thought arose in her mind, " Does God reckon by days and hours 1" her conscience felt satisfied on this question, and she found it a comfort to her, that on the Christian Sabbath she could have an hour for her own prayers undisturbed. The music and singing of the congregation sounded in her ears while at work in her kitchen, till the place itself became sacred to her. Then she would read in the Old Testament, that treasure and comfort to her people, and it was indeed the only Scriptures she could read. Faithfully in her inmost thoughts she had kept the words of ber father to her teacher when she had left the school, and the vow be had made to her dying mother that she would never receive Christian baptism. The New Testament must remain to her a sealed book, and yet she knew a great deal of its teachings, md the sound of the gospel truths still lingered among the recollections of her childhood. O ie evening she was sitting in a corner of the dining-room, while her master read aloud. It was not the gospel he read, but an old story- book ; therefore she might stay and listen to him. The story related tbat a Hungarian knight, who had been taken prisoner by a Turkish pasha, WBB most cruelly treated by bim. He caused him to be yoked with his ox«nto the plough, and driven with blows from the whip till the blood flawed, and he almost sunk with exhaustion and pain. The faithful wife of the knight at home gave up all her jewels, mortgaged hor castle and land, and his friends raised large sums to make up up the ransom demanded for his release, which was most enormously high. It was collected at last, and the knight released from slavery and misery. Sick and exhausted, he reached home. Ere long came another summons to a struggle with the foes of Christianity. Toe still living knight heard the sound; be could endure no more, he had neither peace nor rest. He caused himself to be lifted on his warhorse ; the color came into hiB cheeks, and his strength returned to him again as he went forth again to battle and to victory. The very Bame pasha who had yoked him to the plough, became his prisoner, and was dragged to a dungeon in tbe castle. Bat an hour had scarcely passed, when the knlgbt stood before the captive pasha, and erquired,"What do you suppose awaiteth thee 1' " I know," replied the pasha: " retribution." " Yes; the retribution of a Christian," replied the knight. "The teaching of Christ, the Teacher, commands us to forgive our enemies, to love our neighbors ; for God Is love. Depart in peace ; return to thy home. I give thee back to thy loved ones. But in future be mild and humane to all who are in trouble." Then the prisoner burst Into tears, and ex- claimed, "Oh, how could I imagine such mercy and forgiveness 1 I expected pain and torment. It seemed to me so sure, tbat I took poison, which I secretly carried about me ; and in a few hours its effects will destroy me. I must die ! Nothing can save me 1 But before I die, explain to me the teaching which TR so full ot love and mercy, so great and Godlike. Ob, that I may hear this teaching, and die a Christian I" And bis prayer was granted. This was the legend which the master read out of the old storybook. Every one in the bouse who was present listened, and shared the pleasure; but Sarah, the Jewish girl, sitting so still in a corner, felt her heart burn with excitement. Great tears C3me into her shining, dark eyeB ; and with the same gentle piety with which she had once listened to the gospel while sitting on the form fiTBchooI, she felt its grandeur now, and the tears rolled down her cheeks. Then the last words of her dying mother rose before her, " Let not my child become a Christianand with them sounded in her heart the words of the law, " Honour thy father and tby mother." " I am not admitted among the Christians," she said ; " they mock me as a Jewieh girl; the neighbors' boys did so last Sunday when 1 stood looking in through the open church door at the candles burning on this altar, and listening to the singing. Ever since I sat on the school-bench I have felt the power of Christianity j a power which, like a sunbeam, dtreams into my heart, however closely I may close my eyes against it But I will not grieve thee, my mother, in thy grave. will not be unfaithful to my father's vow. I will not rial the Bible of the Christians. have the God of my fathers, and la Him I will trust" , And again years passed by. . Sirah'e master died, and his widow found herself in such reduced circuBtacces that she wished to dismiss her servant-maid ; but Sarah refused to leave the heme, and she became a true support In ime of trouble, acd kept the household together by working till late at night, with her busy hands, to earn their dally bread. Not a relative oame forward to assist them, and the widow was confined to * sick bed for moptht and grew weaker from day to day. Sarah worked hard, but contrived to spare time to amuse ber and watch by the sick bed. She was gentle and pious, an angel of blessing in tbat house cf poverty. " My Bible lies on tbe table yonder," said the sick woman one day to Sarah. " Bead me something from it; ihe night appears to long, and my spirit thirsts to hear the word of God." And Sarah bowed her head. She took the book, and folded her hands ovp.r tbe Bible of the Chris'.ians, and at laet opened if, and read to the sick woman. Tears stocd in her eyes as Bhe read, and they shone with brightness, lor in her heart it W&B; light. "Mother," she murmured, "thy child may not receive Christian baptism, nor be admitted into the congregation of Christian people. Thou hast willed it, and I will respect thy command. We are therefore still united here on earth ; but in the next world there will be a higher union, evtn wiih God himBalf, who leads and guides His people till death. He came down from heaven to earth to suffer for us, that we should bring forth fruits of repentance. I understand It now. I know not how I learnt this trutb, unless it is through the name of Christ." Yet she trembled as she pronounced tbe holy name. She struggled against these convictions of the truth of Christianity for some days, till one evening while watching by her mistress 6he was suddenly taken very ill; ber limbs tottered under her, and she sank fainting by the bedside of the sick woman. "Poor Sarah," safd the neighbors ; "she Is overcome with hard work and niebt-watching," Aud then they CBrried her to the hospital for the sick poor. There Bhe died ; aod they bore her to her resting-place in the earth, but not to the churchyard of the Christians. There was no place for the Jewish girl ; but they dug a grave for her outside the wall. And God's sun, which shines upon the graves of the Christians, aho throws its beams on the grave of the J 4wish maiden beyond the wall. And when the psalms of tbe Christians sound across the churchyard, their echo reaches her lonely resting-place ; and ehe who sleeps there will be counted worthy at the resurrection, through the name of Christ the Lord, who said to His disciples, "John baptized you with water, but I will baptiza you with the Holy Ghost." 