Found Gold by Chance. •BIG ©ISCOVERIES THAT WERE MADE BY MEREST ACCIDENTS. The history of America mining -etateg is fall of stories that illustrate vthe purely accidental 'and fortuitous manner iu which the *nost important •discoveries were made, and '.'lieu •these stories, repented among the miners «s they while away the loug winter evenings iu their solitary •cabins in the mountains, are taken •into consideration, the devout belief •of every miner in the potency qf luck (becomes much more intelligible. One of the most productive mines <in California was discovered through •the accidental fall of the discovercr. He was one of a hunting party that had gone out from San Francisco •during the Christmas holidays. While passing along the side of a •steep hill on a narrow trail his horse suddenly slipped, and, with his irider, went down into the gulch. Happening to bo the last in the line and some distance behind the •others, he was not missed for some moments, but when his absence was noticed, the party turned back to look for him, fearing some uutoward •aocideut. He wa» nowhere, -to be seen, but <the place where his horse had slipped end fallen over the bank, together with the traces of r;the fall, were plainly visible.. • < Following the tracks made by the horse .and man, and when near the bottom, the men suddenly came upon an interesting spectacle. Just behind a clump of bushes which the man. and his steed had crushed though on their way down stood the horse apparently uninjured, while near by, on a slab of rock projecting from the snow, the man was capering like an Indian at a ghost dance. The first impression of the rescuing party was thst the man had gone suddenly crazy, but as he caught sight of them he instantly ceased his -gyrations and shouted for them to approach. They came, when he showed them several lumps of almost pure gold he had hastily knocked from the ledge with a stone for a hammer, and ^announced his discovery of a gold tnine. The sliding horse had brought up ^against the ledge, and the restive animal, kicking vigorously in his efforts to rise, had struck off the moss from the stone and disclosed the fact it was a gold- bearing ledge of un usual richness. The.find .vas appro priately named ".The Oilristmas "Gift," and a valuable gift it proved 4.0 be. . . The miners of New Mexico tell a -queer story which illustrates forcibly the miner's belief in his luck. A miner named John Quincy Adams was • prospecting somewhere in the •mountains. While wearily trudging &Iong; one hot day through a gulcli •where the snn had a good chance at ilhis back fee suddenly sinelled smoke. The phenomenon struck him as odd •^aud he glanced quickly in every 'direction to ascertain the origin of •the smoke, but, seeing nothing, vesumed bis journey. A cnoerent later the smell returned, stronger than ever, and the breeze just then blowing in the direction he was walking, a light wreath of vapour curled «bont his ears and give him to understand theft tie ibiwersack was on fire. Like all miners, IK; carried a large lens for the ipurpose of examining the specimens a»d the sand in his pan, and the truth flashed upon him. For want of room lie had ha«g the glass on the outside, and tbe rays of the sun had conoentrated <ra his haver- •sack, which was thus set- on fire. As among its contents were twelve •or fifteen pounds of powder, he lost no time in dropping the dangerous burden and getting as far as possible before it exploded: The haversack fell between two huge stones end •cuddled down out of sight. Adams soon reached a safe distance and..disconsolateIy watched the. smoke arising from his sole worldly possessions. Suddenly there was a deafening , report. - The ground trembled, and Adams dodged behind a huge stone to escape the fragments of flying rock. .... Rising, he went to the spot to gather np. what he could find, when his eyes almost started ont af his head at...seeing the quartz that had been blownup fairly glittering with goldj. . _ . _ ..." His powder had done abetter on its own "uceoiint than it had ever done on bis, and had . literally blown open a goal mine for his benefit. He was made -a rich man in an instant, and he named his mine " The Nick o Time." , The famous Oomstock was discovered by a chance as simple as that which exposed to the eyes of the astonished Adams t,he gold blown up by the accidental explosion of his haversack. According to the story told, the ground on which" the lode was afterward discovered was' prospected by ComstO'ck, who located a claim, ; but"made tip his niirid that it did ndih amount to much and so abandoned it. "' Shortly after :t h;s, an Odd character named Finney was hunting iu the llfcfgbborkoo'd and shot' a deer. The wounded animal struggled ..off, and -ivhile scrambling up the side of a hill dislodged soirne joose stones, disclosing ' sign* of the presence of gold:' ' Finney washed a little of the earth in a pan and was astonished at the result, for from the small quantity of earth tested came lOdol or lodol worth of gold. •'-" .. When Finney "and two of his friends were later working the mine, along came .Comstock and demanded to know what they were doing on his claim. They were obliged either to kill him or "take him into partnership, so they decided to. do the latter. ;i The mines which built, the city of Helena, in Montana, were discovered by a party of fonr prospectors who were on their way to a well-known camp in the Kootenai country. Learning that the diggings in that quarter had failed, they turned aside to prospect in another direction, -and for fome time wandered about, digging holes here and thero, but finding nothing that they considered worth working. About noon of the 15th day of July, 1864, they arrived at the site of the city of Gelena, halted for dinner and to rest their horses. Dinner over, their horses were saddled, when one of their number walked down to the stream to get a drink before mounting. Front mere force of habit he began mechanically Scratching the gravel with his hands, when, to his astonishment, he drew out a uugget as big as a gold dollar. A hundred dollars' worth of gold was taken out in about twenty minutes. The men then immediately settled down and located claims. In a short time newg of their success spread abroad. Hundreds^ of other miners flocked to the spot, ami a mining camp of unprecedented Ttchmiss was established. , The c.ity of Helena sprang up on the spot, and' it is .said.that one of the banks of that city • is situated on a portion of the first claim located by the lucky quartette. The famous silver mines of PotoBi in South America were discovered by an Indian who was in pursuit of an antelope. He was climbing the steep slope of a hill and seized a bush to help himself np. The plant gave way and revealed a ledge of silver. A few months after the massacre of Custer and his men, a party of soldiers were scouting after hostiles in the Big Horn. The country was terribly rugged and broken, progress was very difficult, and after proceeding some days in the midst of tbe wilderness of peaks, the guide ivas forced to admit that he had lost his way. The captain seated himself on a ledge, while the guide lay down on the ground near by, holding the reins of the horses. An earnest conversation followed as to the proper course to be taken in order to get out of the hills. " Yon may say what, you please, but I think weought to gotliat wav," said the captain as he picked up a bit of stone from the ground and tossed it in the direction indicated. The guide stared, and made a rush for the bit of stone. It was a piece of quartz so thickly seamed with gold as to form a specimen of wonderful richness and beauty. The two , collected a few samples, hid them and agreed to keep the matter a sccret until they could return and take possession of the mine. A few days later the guide was killed, and the secret remained with with the captain. Time and a^ain after his troop had been extricated from the mountains did he make efforts to relocate the hill of gold, but every effort was doomed to failure: it conld never be found. It is possible that it may have been tbe " Lost Cabin." Of this there is no certainty, but if not, it. was a mine of such wonderful richnesB that nothing like it has ever since been discovered in the Big Horn range. 