THE CREDIT FONCIER BILL. It is with considerable misgivings that a good many members of Parliament are handing over five millions of the people’s savings to be dealt with by the Savings Banks Commissioners. It has not boon forgotten that during the recent bank crisis and general insolvency boom largo sums of Savings Bank money—or rather ..the ghosts of it—kept on jumping up in a very uncomfortable manner. The Savings Banka Commissioners were not more in follible than the parties controlling some of the other banks. It was not, however, to bo expected, they are only human. As they would be each day almost associated with the persons whose financing proved to be sadjy astray, th.oy would have re quired to bo somethingtuoro than human to have been able to keep themselves altogether without such a circle of in fluence. The must, from the nature of their business, have largo dealings with what used to be called the associated banks. When these began “ reconstructing ” one after the other, it could not result otherwise than that lai’ge sums of the Commissioners’ banks’ money would be closed down upon. That was inevitable. The Government in the present bill are endeavoring to provide against anything of this kind recurring by making all the moneys and properties of the Commissioners the moneys and properties of the Governor in-Council. It is rather late to do, and for the purpose of the Credit Ponder it is not required, still it is a good proviso to have in the statute. Such a power may, of course, bo abused by some Govern ments. Yet unless'tho Government take the Savings Bank money for their private purposes, which they are not at all likely to do, it is difficult to see wherein .there is any danger of those moneys being vested in the Govornor-in- Couneil. Hitherto without being vested succeed ing Governments have used those funds for public works, Mr. Gillies for instance having gorged his boom budgets with trust moneys. But whilst no one questions the personal honesty of those who had the administration of the Savings Bank funds, it will be as well that the House should know the present condition of the accounts. The House, before com mitting itself to the appointment of a board which is to have the investment of five millions, should sno how they got along in the stewardship of the suras already entrusted to them. There is also something in Mr. Isaacs’s suggestion that the Commissioners should not bo identi fied with banks or financial institutions. It is one thing, however, to prevent men publicly identifying themselves with an institution, and another to stop them doing so privately. In the majority of cases the man who openly does theso things, is more trustworthy than he who only privately does so. However, and let the restrictions bo what they may, there is always the maximum of risk and the minimum of safety wherever the Govern-, men 6 essays to run a trading or a money lending concern. Proofs of. this are supplied by the Railway and Water Supply departments. More difficult than j the obtaining of reliable commissioners : will be the question of valuation for loans. Agricultural and grazing land, about Mel- i bourne just now has no definable market I value. It is purely a matter of estimation. As.we saw in a recent case one expert valued a certain farm within 20 miles of Melbourne at £900, whilst another gave as his opinion that it was worth £6000. One no doubt was thinking of its present value and the other of its boom value—when a boom comes again. The j faithful carrying out of the scheme is in the hands of the valuers. If those officials take too optimistic a view of the country’s early future, and begin valuing land at fifty per cent more than its market value it will bo a very serious matter, for they would not then be help ing struggling farmers, but speculators who had been struggling to sell land but could not. Touching the general manage ment of the Savings Banks in the past, the information asked for by Mr. Tucker should be supplied before the present bill is passed. The Government do not seem to be anxious to give much information concerning the banks. They would like to have the House legislating in the dark. But that cannot be allowed. Very large interests are at stake, and though it is cruel to persuade the really poor farmer that be is in some mysterious way to be beuefitted by this bill, others will, if it is passed, have the handling of very large sums, so there cannot be too much caution. Eohuoa, Moama and Country News, and other items will be found on our first page this morning. Fourth Page.— The following additional reading matter will bo found on tbo fourth pagoMining Nows and Notes, City Police Court, Melbourne Gossip. To- day's Events.— Ministers’ Association, 9.30 a.m.; General Sessions, 10 a.m.; Eagle faawk Police Court, 10 a.m. ; Insolvency mooting Fook, 11 a.m. ; Eaglobawk Counoi), 3.30 p.m.; St. Vinooot Do Paul Society, 3.30 p.m, ; North Bendigo F.C, meet 7 p.m.; Annual Social City Fire Brigade, 8; Dance, Oddfellows’ Hall, Kangaroo Flat, 8 p.m. Parliament.— Both Houses resume this evening. The Ago says that Ministers express | anxiety to make progress with tbo Credit Fonder Bill, which they desired to soo disposed of without delay, otherwise it will seriously hamper the Treasurer, who has charge of the measure, in tbo preparation of his budget statement. The “cheap money” scheme will, therefore, be passed forward in committee this week, and a vigorous effort made to pass the third reading. If this is accomplished with time to spare, the Minister of Minos will move the second reading of bis bill to amend the mining laws. The Art Gallery on Sundays.— Of the 64,196 persons who visited-tbo art gallery daring the year, 16,146, or about ono fourth of the total number, wore Sunday visitors. This, tho president triumphantly pointed out at yesterday’s mooting of the committee, clearly disproved tbo assertion mado in BaN larafc that tho idea of keeping tho Bendigo gallery open on Sundays bad turned out a failure. Other members of the committee bore testimony to the way tbo innovation was being appreciated. The General Sessions open at 10 o’clock this morning. There is only ono cose on tho criminal list, the charge of larceny against tho railway porter George; Martin, for abs tracting articles from the luggage of passen gers loft at tho Bendigo railway station. Tbo civil oases will include ono Maguire v. Maguire, an appeal by Cr. Maguire, of Strathfioldsayo, against tbo recent decision of tho City Court bench, in which ho was ordered to contribute to.tho maintenance of his wife. Mr. Dunlop will appoar for tho appellant. Death op a Pioneer. —Tho death is an nounced of Mrs. Mary Robbins, widow of tbo late Mr. John Bobbins of tho Campaspo, at tbo age of 82. With bor husband sho arrived in Bbndigo42.years ago, and was therefore ono of the first women on tbo goldfield. Many yean ago they took up latad on tho Campaspo, being amongst Ibo first settlors thoro.Her death look place about 3 o'clock yesterday morning ! at tbo residence of bor daughter, Mrs. J. Green, of Sboopwasb, after n iooglhy illness, Tiiu deceased was highly respected through- ’ out her long lilo. The funeral takes place. to-morrow, leaving for tbo Bendigo cemetery at 2.30 p.ni. The Municipal Elections, —Mr. L. A, Samuels, of Diamond Hill, has decided to oppose Or. Maguire at tbo forthcoming eloo> lion for tbo Mandurang Riding of tbo Shire of Strathfioldsaye, ■ The Treasurer, Mr, Q. D. Carter, who for tbo lost couplo of days baa boon in Ben digo staying at the City Family Hotel, lott by tbo midday train yoatordoy for Ballarat, Ho is suffering from a severe cold. Found on tub Railway Line.— Tbo old man who was on Sunday lost found lying on tbo railway Uno near tbo Now Chum Railwoy mine, by Sofilor-oonstablo Cantwell, is pro gressing favorobly at the Bendigo hospital. When brought to that institution on Sunday night tbo poor old follow, wbd gave his name as Evans, was in a very weak slate; but 'on, receiving proper ollontion and nourishing food bo is rapidly recovering. Ho will pro bably in a few days bo able to got about again, Tun Sudden Death at tub Bendigo Gaol.— Mr. Webb, J.P., bold an inquest yesterday afternoon at tbo Bondlgo gaol on tbo body of August Busoho, one of Ibo Mil dura sly grog sellers, who died suddenly on Sunday Inst. Dr. J. Mclntyre Eadio, wbo made a post mortem examination, deposed that death was duo to heart disease. A verdiot was recorded to that effect, and on order given for the burial of tbo body. Delivering Unexploded Dynamite in a Load of Wood,— Mrs. Wallace, a resident of Haggar street* had a rather sensational experience of the power of dynamite on Sunday night. She has boon living io qno of Mr, 15. C. Brown’s newly erected cottages in Haggar street, and for some days hue boon ill in bod. A lire was kept burning in the room, and about half-post sovon a fresh log was put on. In a few minutes there was a loud explosion, and tbo flro was blown out of tbo fireplace halfway across tbo rooni. Tbo bod clothes and hearth rug caught fire, but Mrs. Wallace sprang out of’bod and extin guished tbo flamos, getting her feet rather severely burned in doing so. Somo of tbo ashes wore blown across tbo room and through the open door Into on adjoining room. Tbo carter from whom tbo wood was purchased -hoard of the occurence yesterday, and explained that bo bad used dynamite in split ting tbo wood. Tsvo charges wore pnt in this particular log and only one fired. A Baby in Court.— Somo slight amuse ment was caused in tbo Police Court yester day during tbo bearing of an affiliation case, Harding v. Clomont, by the pronounced con tempt of court exhibited by tbo small nod innocent cause of tbo action. Wbon tbo com plainant was called on to give hor evidence sbo took tbo child with bor into the box, tbo unfortunate girl having no mother or other friend io look after it. No sooner had she taken tbo oath than tbo infant began to loudly 'proclaim its disapprobation of tbo whole proceedings as well as tbo splendid condition of its lungs. The court waited distractedly for a time, but ibo cries seemed to gather in intensity. Mr. Kirby, tbo complainant’s solicitor, was fruitful in suggestions as to tho best way to overcome tbo difficulty. Ono of bis suggestions was that a policeman should nurse the baby. This admirable piece of advico, bowover, did not meet with tho oneouragemont it deserved. Tbo members of tbo force wbo a moment before wero standing about in all tbo police-, man’s pride of port shrank into obscurity. Ono was seized with a praiseworthy desire to mako a splendid lire burn up, another gazed fiercely out of tbo window, as though bo . saw a caso of insulting behaviour in tbo street, and tboso who could find nothing to do bid themselves in thoir helmets. Mr. Kirby then said that tbo alleged father ought to bo turned into a nurse for tbo timo being, but bo only made a wry faco. As tbo uproar still con tinued, tho P.M. sent a policeman out to look for tho girl’s father or brothers and get- one of thorn to take tbo child, but at this junc ture a lady in court volunteered to bold tbo infant, and peace shortly afterwards reigned throughout tho court. Mr. Dunlop, the defending solicitor, jocularly remarked wbon the child had disappeared Chat bo boliovod tho whole affair was a cunningly devised schomo of Mr. Kirby's to draw tho bench’s attention to tbo likeness between tho baby and tbo father. Mr. Kirby, however, assured him that bo had no need to go to such lengths to win bis client’s caso; but tbo child was very like the defendant. Tbo bench was probably of tbo same opinion, ns tbo sequel showed. Petty Swindling. —During the past couplo of weeks some enterprising individual has boon resorting to a somewhat novel but dis honest mode of raising a few shillings. His plan was to call round at a citizen’s bouse and inform tbo mistress of tbe establishment that her spouse had won a rafllc—for gooso, tur keys, whatnots, etc.—and if she banded over tbo money to him for tbo ticket, ho would fetch tbo prizo to tbo bouse. Tbo fraud worked successfully in somo instances, but ib others tbo cheat was soon to be too palpable. Tbo police would like to bavo ibo man in custody. Women’s Suffrage League.— Tho fort nightly committee nicotine »«» bold In the Towd Hall last night. There was a very largo attendance, nearly ovory member being present, and amongst others Dr. Quick. Letters were road from Mossrs. R. O’Neill and Bailcs Ms.P. Tbo former stated that ho was always an advocate of womon’6 suffrage, and Mr, Bailos said bo was willing to support a bill in favor of it wbon such a measure came before the House. Both added that they would be happy to attend and speak at tho public meeting. A letter was received from tbo town clerk, Mr. Honoybono, stating that if tho league would send in a requisition signed by 20 ratepayers tho mayor would bo happy to grant tbo uso of tho Town Hall for a public mooting. Ho mentioned, however, that as tbo Citizen’s Ball would bo held on tho 17tb it would bo inconvenient to lot tbo hall on tbo I6tb owing to tbo work of decorating which would bo going on. Tho Police Court room would not bo available either, as tbo caterers would require it. In view of this bo suggested that tbo meeting should bo post poned. It was decided to postpone tbo meet ing til] tho 23rd, and in tbo meantime tbo requisition will bo prepared. Tbo secretary reported that 48 new members bad joined during the fortnight. Arrangements wero made for tbo public mooting, at which Mrs. Smyth and Miss Bosant-Scott, of Melbourne, and Mrs. A. B. Rofo and Mrs. Dr. MoGilli vray, aro to bo asked to speak. Routine business was transacted and tbo mooting closed, St. Use’s Ladies’ College.— Tbo pupils attending St. Übo’s Ladies’ College were last evening entertained' at a social by the principal (Mrs. G. T. Nowland) preparatory to the school breaking up for tbo midwinter holidays. During tho afternoon the junior pupils wore put througb a course of Kinder garten exorcises, in which they showed con siderable aptitude, and in tbo evening tho older pupils and thoir friends wore entertained . at a social. Songs wore capably rendered by several of tho scholars, and dancing was indulged in nt intervals till after 10 o’clock, wbon tbo pupils returned homo alter spending a most omoyablo evening. Y.P.B.C.E. Union. —Tho quarterly meeting of tho western group of tho Y.P.S.C.E. Union was bold last evening at the Golden Square Wesleyan Churob. Tho Rev. R. W. Thomp son occupied tbo chair. Mr. J. P. Dunsfcan delivered an address. Papers on “ Fishes and Mon” and “Tho Fulness of tho Holy Spirit,” woro road by Miss Gray, of tbo West Sand hurst Presbyterian Church, and Mr. Shaw, of tho Wade street Primitive Churob, respec tively. Daring tbo evening prayers and lessons wero recited and read, and hymns sung by the congregation. Mias A. Bona officiated at tho organ. Popular Concert.— Tho second annual concert in aid of tbo Long Gully Moobaniaa’ Institute, was hold in tbo lecture ball of tbo institute last evening. There wag a very good attendance/... Tbo- president, Mr. J. Woolcook, occupied tbo obair, and an excel lent programme was provided. Songs were rendered by Messrs. Tinkler, Miller, Mollard, Bradley and Fox, and Misses Wilson, Stephens, White, Wootton, Horsofleld and Berryman, and recitations by Messrs. Pascoe, Pool, Fox and Bradley. Mr. J, H.. Bryan, wbo was to have acted as accompanist, was unavoidably absent, and bis place was filled by Misses S. Hobbard ,and Wootton. The performers woro all favorably received, and several encores woro demanded. At tbo con clusion of tbo programme a vole of thanks was moved by Mr. Horseiiold, seconded by Mr. T. Prout, and carried with acclamation. Statistics of the Bendigo Benevolent Asy lum and Lying-in- Hospital for tbe month ondod 30tb Juno, 1894.—Remaining in .the asylum 31st May, 1894; Malos, 160; females, 36; total, 198. Received: Males, 5; females, 3; lying-in patients, 4 ; infants, 4 ; totol, 16. Discharged, cured, or reliovod : Females, 3; lying«in p&tionts;, 1; infants, 1; total, 6.. Died: Females, 1; total, 1, Remaining in asy lum 30th June,- 1894: Males, 165; females, 35; lying-in patients, 3; infants, 3; total, 206\. Julia Doolan,-agod 73, native of County Tipperary, on 20lb Juno, from senile debility. Admitted 10th December, 1891. Note.—The daily average of cases relieved outdoor during tbo month was 308 adults and 146 children. Temperance Convention.— Tho proposed Liquor Traffic Veto' Bill is to bo discussed at tbo temperance convention at £ho Masonic Hall to-morrow afternoon. Tho temperance party propose to bring colonial wjno, olub and wine and spirit merchants’ licenses within tho province of tbo local option poll, or ono license for 500 inhabitants. The bill provides for the extension of the- franchise to women and (bo abolition of compensation. Tub Cure op Turned ant? Club Fret.— In the paragraph in Saturday’s issue relative to the cure of the little boy, Frederick Robin son,of Old Violet street,who was affliotod with & turned foot, w« are requested to state that Mr. Biobard Muir has for tbo past 13 years in Prahran and elsewhere boon engaged in similarly alleviating human Buffering. Ho does not profess to act as n medical man, but ] only as a shoemaker who has made a windy of j tboao ailments, and overcomes thorn by pro- : riding moans whereby nature works the onro. ■ A slight surgical operation Is, however, 1 necessary as a preliminary and those opera tions aro usually performed for tho children by Dr. John Cooke, of Prahran. A Pie-Stall in Flames.— About throe o’clock this morning tho Are brigades wore called out by tho boll. On tho dromon reaching Bull slroot they found Senior* constable Forestal and another constable with a burning pio*atall in tho street, on which they wero operating with buckets of water. Late at night the pio-stall had -boon wheeled into tho yard of Briggs’ Hotel, where it is usually kept, but apparently Homo of tho flro used for hooping the coffee and saveloys hot had boon loft in it, and this somehow or other communicated with tho It is fortunolo that it was found in time by tho constables, otherwise tho flro might bavo communicated to tho adjacent buildings and a serious conflagration have boon the result. The stall belonged to an old man named Phillips. Landscape Paintings.— Thera are three very pretty pictures by Sohafer now ou view at tho Art Gallery. Two of thorn represent views of ohuroh buildings in Normanby and Belgium, and tho other is a forest scone. The Belgium church is a very pretty picture, und is described by Mr. Jacob Cohn, who knows the place, as true to tbo original. They were lent by Mr. C. Cohen, and will bo ou view till Friday. Mr. Ciias. Davis, son of Mr, W. Davis, of tho Colonial Bank, has passed bis final examination as a barrister and solicitor. He j was articled to Mr, C, F. Kennedy, of I Messrs. Kennedy and Woodward/ -The A.N.A. Hall,—Tho scaffolding round tho now A.N.A. Hall was removed yesterday, I and tho appoaranoo. of the hall is much ' improved thereby. It is now rapidly approach ing completion, RAILWAY CHANGES. — The Railway depart- ment has decided upon the transfers of stationmasters as follow :— Mr. A. Marr, from the relieving staff to Romsey ; Mr. J. T. Reid, from Yarraville to Rochester ; Mr. J. J. Dewsnap, from Maldon to Yarraville ; Mr. F. McLean, from Rochester to Box Hill, and Mrs. Fergusson to be in charge of Lab. iNSULTINGjlBHA viour, —A man named John Code was * arrested yesterday by Senior constable Forrcetal on a charge of behaving in 1 an Insulting manner. ' /STEALING A Bible,—William Arblaslor stole a book on Saturday nigbt from Colo’s Book Araado, and, nob content with that, acting apparently on tho principle “the better day the boiler dead,” in picking bis book, ho ohoso a Bible. It did not keep him from trouble, however, as ho was handed over to tho police and pleaded guilty at the Melbourne City Court yesterday. Ho excused himself by saying that it was tho first time that bo bad got into trouble, that ho was hard up, and that, ho bad bad a few drinks on Saturday night. Ho added that, os a'matter of course, ho was sorry for having committed tho theft. Ho had disguised his identify under a. long waterproof and tho namo of Wolls; bub both these disguises wore pierced, and bo got throe day’s imprisonment. Tramway Conference —A conference of tho councils interested in the Bendigo Tram way was held yesterday in tho Mayor’s room at the Town Hall. Present; —Tho Mayor of Bendigo (Cr, D. B,.Lazarus, M.L.A ), Crs. Bailcs, McGowan and Harkncss, the Mayor of Eaglohawk (Cr McCormack), Crs. Kuee bqnc, Loudon, Curtain and Green, tho city solicitor (Mr. Hyott), tho Tramway Com- S's solicitor (Mr. Kennedy), tho town of Bendigo (Mr. Honoyhono), and tho town clerk of Eaglehawk (Mr. Cook). Tho city solicitor road the draft surrender of the old and tho now agreement for tho Bendigo Tramway Co. On Cr. Bailcs suggestion a clause was inserted in tho agreement to tho effect that should any now tramway company bo started they should bo permitted to lay rails across tho present lino at Charing Cross and they should also bo allowed to use tho present company’s tramway lino to tho station. Tho Mayor of Eaglehawk suggested that all tho shunting at Eaglohawk should be done at tho north of Napier street A clause providing for this was also inserted in tho agreement. On tho motion of tho Mayor of Eaglohawk tho report or draft was received and the city solicitor instructed to prepare two other copies, which arc to bo submitted to the councils interested. It was resolved that should a dispute arise between the present tramway company and any other tramway company, which should happen to bo formed, the matter bo referred to the City Council for adjudication. Distraining for Rent on Time Payment Furniture. —A peculiar case was brought boforo bis Honor Judge Hamilton in tbo Campordown County Court. Thu facts are that a funituro dealer in Koroit, named James Swan, sold some furniture under tbo time payment system to a woman named Do Vaarno, who came to Campordown add took a house from J. M'Cabo and placed tbo furniture in it, Tho payments wore not kept up, and Swan on that account seized tbo furniture and placed it in Mr, John Thorn ton’4 auction room to bo eold. As soon ns tbo landlord hoard of tbo seizure ho obtained a distress warrant wont to tbo auction room and took the furniture, which bo sold, though Swan sent him notice that tbo property belonged to him, Swan sued for £24 12s, damages for the wrongful seizure of the property. Mr. Hancock, who appeared for the defendant, raised the point that under section 80 of tho Landlord and Tenant Act defendant was entitled to sell tho goods, as the plaintiff hud ropliovcd within fivu days after the distress. Mr. 0‘Mabony, who appeared for tho plain tiff, said tbo section only applied whpro tbo landlord wrongfully distrained for rout. Once the goods wore removed they became tbo plaintiff's property absolutely, fits Honor said ho did not soo how landlords could pay' themselves with other people’s goods. Judg ment was reserved. Afghans at Coolgardik. —A deputation of tbo principal local business men waited on Thursday on the Premier, who is on a visit to Coolgardic, with reference to tbo influx of Afghans. Sir John Forrest, in reply, said that he would make enquiries ns to tho authority under which minors’ rights wore granted to Afghans, und, if possible, withdraw them, Tho Government wore determined to make tbo goldfields of tho colony a British possession and not offshoots ot an Asiatic power. If the present regulations wero nob sufficiently stringent to prevent tho influx ho would introduce fresh legislation dealing wilb tho subject An Infusorial Rain Shower.— A strange phenomenon is reported from Lvchlan, near New Norfolk, Tasmania. On Monday week rain foil at 4 p.m., accompanied by a light black dust, similar to fine grams of gun powder. They floated on water,'and a close examination showed that they consisted of minute insects. A number of them were scoured *and despatched to tho Government entomologist. The rain continued, bat the insects wero not notidoablo after tbo first half hoar. Small Pox in West Australia.— The small pox trouble (says a Perth corres pondent) threatens to become' serious. A second cose, tho victim of which is a Malay seaman, is reported. Examination has prayed that tho man really has tho disease, and ho was at once sent to tho quarantine station. The original patient died on Sunday. Tbo disease is confluent, and in its worst form. Every precaution has been taken to prevent tho spread. The agents of tho steamer Innaminoka bavo decided to take no pas sengers, and to havo no connection wilb tho shore, a largo number of returning prospeo tors boing consequently unable to.leave. To be Hanged on the 20th Inst.— A special meeting of the Now South Wales Cabinet was hold bn Saturday to consider the eases of Leo and Gumming, sentenced - to. death for tbo murder of Bank Manago/McKay at Barraba.- fit was decided that tho capital sentence bo carried out, and tho executions wero fjxed for 20th July, at Tamworth gaol. Tho decision of tbo Cabinet was afterwards endorsed by the- Executive Council. The Weather.—The readings at Mr. Qrodginglon’s yesterday wero 1Thermome ter. -9 a.m. 42° ; 12 noon, 49° ; 3 p.m. 49° ; 6 p.m., 45° ; max., 52° ; min., 38° ; Barometer—9 a.ra,, 29'60; 6 p.m., 29 - 63. Tho annual social of tho Uity jfu,o Brigade will be held at tho Town Hall to-night. , A meeting of tho Mining Managers’ Association will bo held at tho Beehive to- morrow evening at 7,30 to discuss Mr. Nicholas’s paper, Mrs. Davis, formerly instructress of cookery for the Metropolitan Gas Company and' other public institutions in Melbourne and elsewhere, intend# to give a series of free lectures on cookery in Ben digo at an early date. Mr. B. L. Fedden,■'barrister and" solicitor, of Melbourne, will open a branch office in Fall Mall, opposite tho new Law Courts, Bendigo, and at the Town Hall Hotel, Eaglehawk, on the 8th Inst, Owing to the illness of a member of hie family, Mr. Fcddon has been obliged to become a resident of Bendigo, and'will consequently bo able to devote his attention to tho office in this city, bis, Melbourne business being attended to by his partner. 