POETRY ON THE BIKE. [As understood by Hugh Kalyptus.J These lines—(I have Been them somewhere and learnt them with an idea of jerking them out at some cycling smoke social, not as my own, beoause they are too poetic and senti mental for a prosaio pressman)—hit me under the fifth rib, where my cyclist's heart some how lies; they are so full of feeling Come with me out into the road, tuy wheel; Out into the road, where the sun goes down; Thy hoops of round rubber and ribs of true steel Shall bear me away from this tiresome town. Fancy oalling this a tiresome town when Tommy Hudson, VVybert Reeve, and Fillis, let alone the Y.M.C. A. and the membera of Parliament, are providing pleasure for the million ; why Hansard alone should be a Christmas annual for the million. But let that pats: we proceed— Aloft on thy saddle, set safo from all liarm Groat Ciesar's ghost! safe from all barm on a bike 1 The saddle ne'er mounted by trouble or care. Juet imagine that, ye cyclists, with Anstey's Hill, the Devil's Elbow, Tapley's, and Sel liok's to climb—aud run down; but, never mind, we go on— I'll hie me sway wheie the woodlands yet charm, Where valleys are smiling and fields a;o yet fair. I have no objection to that; many a de lightful journey have I made amidst the sweet rural beauties of Angaiton, Lobethal, Mount Barker, Mount Gambier, aud well-known South Australian ruralaritiee generally. How ever, we will prooeed— With feet on thy quick-moving pedals impreased, That is poetioal, anyway. The pedals that spaed from the hurrying street. I do not suppose the pedals trouble them selves much about it; they have a way of their own. I'll seek the calm hills and the landscapes at rest. Where the gretn leaves are fresh aud the breezeB are sweet. Well, green leaves are pretty generally freBb, and breezes are Bweet so long aB they do not blow across the Sewage Farm. ThiB poetry rather fetohes me; but some how or otber you can knook the stuffing out of almost any poetry if you juBt analyse it. Yon have only got to look at it through the bottom of a tumbler, don't yon know 1 I do like a man who doesn't mince matters, whether he be a book fiend, a lawyer, a bailiff, or any other representative member of the community whose business it is to rub the hair of mankind the wrong way. These reflations (writes Hugh Ealyptus) are awakened by the perusal of the report of a case under "Finanoial Notes" in the Time>, forwarded me by my friend D. It gives the particulars of the whitewashing of one Ifah Henry Williams—his front name is a cross between Esquimaux and Spanish; but let that pass. This young gentleman went abroad, many young gents go "abroad;" it's a way tbey have got — and for two years he wbb an unpaid clerk with a firm of stockjobbers, but he had £250 allowance from a fond father. We most of as wish we had a fond father or a consumptive riob aunt—rioh or no sympathy. I could be awfully fopd of an aunt who possessed the apondulix, and could even tolerate a mother in-law with oasb, although I have got a mother-in-law who is a model without a gold Betting. However, to return to this young man, who was a sort of Don Ocesar de Bazan —he wa^living at tbo rate of from £1,000 to £1,500 a year on £250, and attributed bis in solvency—here ie where the laugh comes in to "rash and hazardous speculation and unjustifiable extravagance in living." He had liabilities £5,142, and hit assets were £5 only, consisting of three silver cigarette oases. The Jew-oilers were the people who Buffered—poor Jew-Sellers. The young fellow bad been "going it." How many young fellows here' go it in the same way without the baokbone of a finanoial father? We have young fellows here who stand upon the crumbling pedestal -of the parental oasb, and put on no end of side till I2f . the side get* bulged in by the thrust of a Bank Manager, and then they are glad to act as Imookabout hands on a station as bandy men in the gronnds of people they hare held aloof from. Bat it is human nature. If Tommy Walker were the sole shareholder. "Bayley'e Reward" he would be a member Of the Legislative Council or Direotor in half a dozen Hand-in-Pooket Mining Companies now. It would not be Tommy Walker, but hie oash. Satan himself as a Brokenhillion aire could seoure a seat on somo Board; he would get all the oommeroial men and lawyers to vote for him. I saw by the paper the other day (says Hugh Kalyptus) that the latest fashionable fad is to praotice lip language—viz., to oon verse by the silent motion of the lips a la deaf mute. The leaders of that fashion had better go to the Redskins, who are adepts in that Style of silent talk, aided by gesticulation. Travellers say that the Apaches, for instanoe, have been seen orouohing round a firo and holding a long conversation wherein they did nothing but move the lips. The Neapolitans do muoh the same thing; their.gesture lan guage is said to bs most eloquent. I have only heard so; I never was in Naples. The statement "See Naples and die" (of the smells) frightened me, aoouetomnd as I am to Adelaide deep drainage and the Sewage Farm. They appear to do things better abroad. "The Tchouktches(aooording to a well- known ethnologist), have a summary and effioaoious method of disposing of their hopelessly siok They beoome a burden on- the community, which prefers thai they should not beat about the bush, but get well or dieappsar promptly. It sets itself to minister to the reoorery of fever patients by dancing, einging, beating drums the whole night through, a proceeding no less rational and effioaoious than that of relieving the poor and indigent by charity balls."- I rather like that artistic dig at the civilized system of giving people just what they do not want, and expecting them to be grateful. 