THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. "Grow peppermint," said Mr. G. Downes Carter without even the shadow of a wink when a deputation waited upon him the other day to borrow £20,000 for the beet sugar industry. Then he went on to tell them some apocryphal story about a man who had told him that in the rich swamps of Gippsland the peppermint would grow to a height of six feet. Meantime Mr. McLean sat listening to this item of agricultural in- formation with a look of earnest attention, a prey to mortal terror lest any of the other Gippsland members would laugh and spoil the chances of the loan. Even when Mr. Carter, pleased with this first success, grew eloquent on the subject of plums, and related an anecdote of a man who grew 40 tons of plums on four acres, or four tons of plums on 40 acres—there was some un- certainty about the details—the deputation preserved an unmoved countenance. They were there for money, and so they even forbore to ask Mr. Carter why, if peppermint was the universal panacea, he didn't try the enterprise himself. But then they knew that the saving shrub would not grow in Mr. Carters constituency. Borax, not pepper- mint, is the staple product of that sterile soil. Mr. Carter's advice had a certain similarity to that of a gentleman who once undertook the regeneration of New South Wales in very much the same free and easy fashion. "Gimme a million acres, I don't care where it is," he used to say, "and I'll pull the colony out of its troubles." "But how will you do it?" "Why," came the crushing answer, "grow sunflowers and feed goats on them." In Mr. Carter's case the deputation received the advice without comment until some ten minutes later, when the chairman asked, "What will you take, gentlemen?" They all with one accord replied, "Whisky—and pep- permint." To penalise matrimony among the state school teachers seems at the first blush to be a most invidious proceeding on the part of Mr. Baker. But then in these days of division of labour one can hardly expect the same individual to concurrently carry out the duties of two such widely differing func- tionaries as the Commissioner of Trade and Customs and the Minister of Public Instruc- tion with entire satisfaction to all parties. Mr. Baker has been so much confused by his efforts to discriminate between Persian sheep and Persian goats on the evi- dence afforded by the post-mortem appear- ance of their respective skins that when it comes to the question of primary education his views are hardly so sound as the married members of the teaching staff of the Educa- tion department might desire. To abolish all the married lady teachers whose husbands are earning enough to support them is a drastic proposal, which if carried out will seriously interfere with the pin-money of an important section of the community. If a person who condescends to pay rates and taxes has any feelings of politeness left in his prosaic nature he will rejoice to hear of cases where a husband earns £550 a year for teach- ing his neighbours' children how many beans make five, while the wife draws her modest little £320 a year for instructing them. in political economy and deportment. When Parliament reassembles it is the intention of the married ladies to present a petition on the subject. As an instance of remarkable journalistic enterprise, I must point out that I have secured an advance copy of the petition. Here it is:— THE PLEA OF THE MARRIED LADIES. To the Minister of Public Education.— This petition comes from us the undersigned, Who would humbly pray for some consideration On grounds that here appended you will find. That single girls are admirable creatures In general we grant to be quite true. But surely we should be preferred as teachers, For we married ladies know a thing or two. By our pleading eyes or stern, Brown or hazel, blue or grey, We implore you not to turn Us away. For the rising generation, can you doubt us, Must be taught by married ladies. Where, in- deed, Would the rising generation be without us? That's a riddle not so difficult to read. In their infancy we washed and smacked and kissed 'em, In the schoolroom still a mother's palm can sting; Is correction less effective on the system Because the hand that deals it wears a ring? By the memory of the days Of alternate slap and kiss We entreat you not to raise Doubts like this. We wish to make no obstinate resistance, We do not come to raise the nursery cries, But we've lent the state material assistance In a way that you should duly recognise. For while the population is decreasing, And "Coolgardie" is the label on their traps, Though the exodus is never- ceasing, Still we've always done our best to fill the gaps. By this dimpled cherub's cheek And his legs, a sturdy pair, We beseech you, ere you speak, To be fair. Is the agitation for the immediate calling together of Parliament genuine? Un- doubtedly it is—on the part of one or two of the newly-elected members. They feel that the country must be saved. And to save the country the ghost of the depression must be laid. And before the ghost can be laid it must begin to walk to the tune of five and twenty pounds a month. There we have the political situation syllogistically stated. Besides the new members, however, there is one other who thinks Parliament should meet at once—Sir Graham Berry. He has begun to think so ever since the Himalaya steamed away with his old friend, Mr. Gillies, aboard. Why? Well, he doesn't quite know, but he feels what Americans call "a kind of lonesome"—out in the cold, as it were. It would be warmer inside, where a cosy nook might perhaps be picked out. Meanwhile, as Parliament does not meet for the wishing—any more than do Euclid's parallel straight lines indefinitely prolonged— the nearest thing in the way of make- believe is to gather a few Opposition members in the sacred precincts of a Wednesday afternoon and orate to them. It is better than nothing, as the hungry boy remarked when he sucked the label off a potted meat tin. As for the bulk of hon. members, how- ever, the comedy seems played something after this fashion:— Member (declaiming hotly on platform).— The country groans. (Murmurs of assent.) The workless workers sigh—(hear, hear)—they curse—(objurgations from the back benches)— their cruel lot. I say, then (excitedly), let the representatives of the people be assembled. Let them discuss — and — er — consider (cheers)—and—er—deliberate—and—er—for- mulate—(renewed cheers)—and—er—so on, don't you know; so that—er—so that— (vociferous applause). Same Member (to Premier in the street).— Aha! Patterson, good day. My speech last night? Oh yes, of course—but before con- stituents you know, before constituents. Must talk on the platform. Must chip in somehow. But as to beginning the session; tut! tut! don't hurry it forward on my account, dear boy. You understand? I don't want to bustle you; not me. The Public (reading newspaper).—Bless my soul! Another meeting, more speeches, and a fresh leader demanding instant summoning of Parliament. How fierce the agitation seems. Yet Patterson has just prorogued the House for another couple of months. Extraordinary how he can resist such pres- sure. Must be that backbone they talk about, I suppose. Inventors are of opinion that they are hardly treated in the Railway department, and not without reason, apparently. To the deputation on spark-arresters the other day Mr. Richardson calmly observed:—"The most perfect contrivance of the kind I have ever seen wns suggested in a plan sent in to the department the other day from Kerang by a mere lad, who has served his apprenticeship at a country establishment. He has also invented a potato-digger, but his spark-catching machine is certainly the most complete of any." Upon the clearly enunciated prin- ciple that merit and merit only is to be re- cognised under the Richardson régime, the auditors doubtless expected to hear next that this juvenile inventor's appliance had been adopted and he himself made an assistant commissioner. But the Minister's next words undeceived them. "I am sorry, gentle- men," he added blandly, "that I cannot show you the plan, as I have unfortunately torn it up and thrown it into the waste paper basket." Prettily- calculated treatment this is to encourage a budding genius. However, other more dis- tinguished inventors have their difficulties to struggle against also. "I am the inventor of two spark-arresters myself," observed Mr. Richardson presently, "but I am not con- vinced that they would be effective on loco- motive engines." That story "tinged with obscenity"—oh! rare and happy phrase!—which the phono- graph told was doomed after all never to tickle the ears of the general public. The proprietor seems, indeed, to have reserved the tasty morsel as a means of keeping on good terms with the guardians of the law, and whenever a constable passed the door would slip in the cylinder and, with a knowing wink, suggest some- thing from the special barrel. In this way the story permeated through the force until, in due time, it reached the Custom house and then the trouble began. Dr. Wollaston is famed as a raconteur; Mr. Baker prides himself upon his qualities as a humorist. Both gentlemen saw at a glance that if the unlicensed competition of machines were to be permitted the occupa- tion of the after-dinner speaker was gone. So they sent for the phonograph and two stalwart jerquers, or whatever the myrmidons of the Custom house are called, promptly appeared, bringing with them the impassive machine and the trembling proprietor. Then the Minister of Customs put the tubes into his ears and gave orders to "Let her rip," while the officers in the room eagerly sought to draw from the workings of his mobile countenance some forewarning of the threatened explosion. Mr. Baker's expression at first was sternly grave, then succeeded puzzled attention, eager curiosity, and finally an unmistakable grin that perceptibly broadened, probably in sympathy with the story. "By George, Wollaston," he cried, as he reluctantly laid down the tubes, "this is the best"—here he caught the eye of the secretary of Customs, and hastily corrected himself—"I mean the worst thing of the kind I have come across; disgraceful, most disgraceful; but hear it for yourself." Dr. Wollaston applied his ear, and after some facial contortion hastily retreated with the Minister into an adjoining room, from which stifled laughter was heard to proceed. "By Jove," said Mr. Baker, when the proprietor had been duly fined and admonished, "won't I knock out G. D. with this!"—and he was as good as his word. At the next Cabinet meeting the people hanging about the passages to learn the decision of the Ministry on the railway question heard the low murmur of Mr. Bakers voice and then a mighty peal of laughter. The Minister of Customs had been telling his colleagues the story he heard from the phonograph. Mr. J. L. Purves has a great command of language. Anyone who has ever heard him cross-examining a hostile witness is quite aware of that, but few would suspect from his masterly use of the Australian dialect that he is equally at home with the worn-out languages of the effete civilisations of Europe. In defending the charge against Mecredy and Drew the other day the learned Q.C. dis- played a command of French which might well provoke the envy of every young lady attending a boarding school in Melbourne. Indeed he was able several times to correct the witness, a Frenchman by profession and a commercial gentleman by necessity, not only upon questions of grammar, but also upon questions of fact. The climax came when he demanded the name of the writer of a certain agreement. "What matters the name?" said the witness grandiloquently; "he is only a clerk. Call him if you like M. Leon." "Oh, I'm sure I don't mind," replied the learned counsel; "I'll put him down as M. Agneau, if you've no objection." When a man makes a pun in n foreign tongue he is naturally apprehensive of the consequences. In this case they were not serious. Only two persons were visibly affected. One was the witness, who was tickled by the obvious humour of the pronunciation and the other was the constable at the door whose na- tionality compelled him to explode over any- thing that was "frinch." The advantages of being a member of the public service are gradually and surely being forced upon the notice of that body, and the determination of the Cabinet that in future half-salaries only shall be paid in cases of sickness forms a wholesome warning to all against the cultivation of a remunerative hypochondria. If public servants out of sheer innate perversity will insist upon being ill they must take the consequences, although injuries received by them in the course of their professional avocations are to be the subject of compensation. If a con- stable has his head stove in by a slingshot, or his ear bitten off by a Collingwood larrikin, he will get full pay in future during absence from duty, and if a railway man is cut in pieces during the opera- lion of shunting he will be entitled to his 6s. 6d. per day pending reconstruction. After all perhaps it would be a good deal more economical to furnish the constable with efficient weapons of defence against his assailants, and to fit the railway carriages with automatic safety couplings, which would do away with the possibility of accident. But such methods of saving money are too absurdly simple for adoption by any Govern- ment. Meanwhile the tangle will get worse, and if a constable gets cut in pieces by "the Rover," or a railway employé has his ribs kicked in by a larrikin it will puzzle even Mr. Baker to pronounce upon the equities of the case. The Minister has been singularly reticent as to the posi- tion of member of the two departments with which he is ultimately connected. Let me ask him two questions. First, will a state school teacher who contracts laryngitis from yelling at his pupils be entitled to any compensation? And secondly, if a Customs officer develops a sore head after sampling a Nirranda still will he have a good claim against a grateful country? Perhaps the idea has been suggested by "Roseate Australia" as pictured by Miss Shaw; perhaps it is merely that as England already has Australian wheat, wool, mutton, butter, cheese, eggs, &c.;, it is thought as well that she should go the whole kangaroo. Any- how, the London standard has a couple of columns commending kangaroo farming to the attention of the British bucolic. Even to Australians the idea of utilising this animal for more than an occasional steak or plate of soup does not seem to have occurred; but the literary Londoner who writes this article sees very pleasing possibilities about a ring-fenced kangaroo park. We have pro- bably been too much accustomed to regard the kangaroo as an uncompleted edition of his species. He supplies—as is truly said— the place of the deer and antelope in other continents, but he lacks "finish," and on that account has received scant honour in his own country. Any nautical observer can see at a glance that he is too slenderly con- structed forward and too amply developed aft, yet the Standard writer, who also criticises him from a maritime point of view, appears to forgive these defects. He ex- plains that the animal's tail is not (as is popularly supposed) a propeller, but a rudder or regulator, and regarded in the light of a steering gear he decidedly approves of the appendage. Not that the kangaroo, however well he may answer his helm, is to be put to any marine use in England. It is not ex- pected that he will prove a factor in solving the problem how best to strengthen the navy. Only, if you are going to import an animal, it is just as well to import one that will steer as one that won't. The impression of the Standard merely is that kangaroo quarters are freely on sale in every Melbourne butcher's shop that the hams are as dainty eating as those of the reindeer, that the head as well as the tail is in fashionable demand for soup, and that most Australians who know what's what are clad in kangaroo hide boots and wear delicate wallaby gloves upon the Block. Why, the writer argues, should not these advantages be extended to Lon- doners also? 