fe ffkrgtellflr.- FATED TO SIN : A JEWISH MUSICIAN'S STORY. , CHAPTER X. My encounter with. Tikulski was bound to hu"'C couaequencos, practical as wol a moral. All day Sunday a legion or blue devils wero my comrades. Late Monday afternoon I received by the post a lotler and a packftRO,' encli nddrossed lo Ji. Loxow, in caro of D. Morivalo Esq. I lie penmanship was the same on both— a still European hand wuion I coma noi rc . oogniso. I began with the letter. It read . : thus — " Mn, E. Iitixow, „ ; . ... \- " Dear Sir,— I should have forwarded Ihi? to you beforo, but not apprised of the niter" ation of your name, I was unable t o dis sover your address. I dispatch this to the adores . indicated by Dr. Rodolph. who informs me that you are to bo reached through lJ Merivale, Esquire, as ho is not advised ol « -r your private residence. I found it iu a pawnbrobing establishment (No. — 1 Street, kept by one M. Arkush). now more than a yoin» and purchased it willutho.in- teotion of restoring it lo you, because I sup pose it must be of some value to yon as a family memento, and that you would no' ' have disposed of it except needing, money. Hoping that this letter may fiud you iu the enjoyment of good health, I atu, " Respectfully yours, " B. Tikulski." ' What could Tikulski's letter mean? What could " it" bo?. I puzzled over questions for a long timo before it occurred to mo to unseal the package. There was an outer wrapper of stout brown paper. Beneath this, an inner wrapper of tissue papor. " Both removed, I boneld an oral case of rod leather, con siderably the worse for wear. "What did it contain ? I pressed the clasp and raisod the lid. It cootainod a minialuro painted on ivory, the likeness of a man. The " faded colors and the old- fashioned collar »: . and cravat showed that it dated from some years back. But of whom was it a picture? Why had Tikulski posted it to raoP And ' what did ho mean by supposing that I should value it as a family memento, and that I would not have parted with it— I, who had never owned it—" except needing money P" I was thoroughly mystified. " Merivale," I said, "can you raako anything out of this ?" X tossed him the letter and the portrait. Presently ho mutterod, " Protty good, by / Jovo." "Well?" I questioned. ' "Well, what?" " Well, what do you make of it? What does it moan?" "Why, that the likeness is striking, what else? Your father, eh ?" fi." ; "Myfathor? I confess I am in the ' dark." # " And you have tho faculty oE dragging V"v . me in after yon. What are you' trying to get atP" . " I am trying to , get at Mr. Tikulski s idea. Why should lie send me that miniature? Whom does it represent?" M "Yon don't mean to say -that you haven't recognised it?" " Most certainly I do." " Man alive, look in tho glass. Here." Merivale held lip the miniaturo in one hand and a pocket mirror in the other. As closely as it is possible for one human flonntenanco to resemble another, tho face ; of the piotoro resembled, my reflootion in < : / the glass. ".Are you satisfied?" domaoded Merivale. " Why, what ails you ?" lie continued presently, U9 I did not answer. "You look as if yon had seen a ghost. Aro you ill P" " It has caused me quite a turn," I re- pHed. " It must indeed bo a portrait of .. v - my father. Bat do you know— wait— let \- me tell you something." ,k-'vv What I told Merivale I shall haro also p.v - to tell tho reader. : . ' _ I could romcinber neither of my parents. ' As a child I had lived in a dark old house, 7; . with a good old rabbi and his wife — Dr : and Mrs. Hirseh. I had never stopped to ;«? ask whether or not they were my father / and mothor until I was eleven or twelve y , years of age. Thon, the question having been suggested by a schoolmate, I had said, "Br. Lessor" — Lesser being the rabbi's given name — 41 arc you my father?" ' To whicn the Doctor, beaming at mo over the rim of his spectacles, had responded, No, my child you are an orphan." " An -orphan ? That moans?"— I pursued ¥ That your papa and mamma aro dead," ho. " Have they been dead long? I V; .. asked, indifferently. "Ever sinco you . were tho tiniest littlo tot" ho replied. And S\y- thereupon, as the subject did not prove VV ' especially interesting, I had let it drop. : v. Time went on. L was perfectly con- ; - - tented. Tho Doctor and liis wifo woro kindness personified. The present oooupied vt'- me so pleasantly that I forgot to be curious abont the past. But at length, when I was V ' V. fifteen, the question of my parontago was again brought to my mind— this time by a . r lad with whom I had had a quarrel and ' who as a parting throst had inquired significantly whether I know the definition of the Hebrew noun iTamzer. Highly s inconscd, I ran home and burst into the SK% Doctor's study. "Doctor," I domahded, without ceremony, "am la Mamser?"— " What a notion I Of course you are not," replied tho rabbi.— " Then," I continued, ' "what am IP Tell me all about my father . and mothor." The Doctor said there was nothing to j tell except that my mother had died when I was less than two years old, and my father not a great while after her. They : . had boon members of his (tho Doctor's) pfcf \ congregation, j and rather than see ao sent to an orphan asylum, ho and his wifo had V i taken mo to live with thorn. — "But what !;-VV : sort of peoplo were they, my parents?" I I-/'. insisted. "Give me some particulars fev;;. . abeat them." — " I hey woro very respect- . able, and by their neighbors generally. esteemed w,oll off. Your father had been R?'"; v amerohant; but for the last year liis ' : health was suoh as to coo'Gno liim to his ifer-V' ; bed-room. It was quite a surpriso to ' everybody to (Ind on his death that very jirL,iittleproporty was left. That littlo was '' gobblodupby his creditors. So that you ni" , have no legaey to oxpcct oxcopt — " "Except?" I queried, ns tho Doctor hesi- u'M tated ' "There is no exception. You havo a'.';, no logaoy to expect at all." — "But," I ro- >';sumeil, hod my parents no rotations? 'Have I no unoles or aunts? Am I ol- . together without kindred? — So far as I know you aro. Your father came origin- ' ally from Breslau, It is possible he had relatives there ; but ho had none in this cal'y — at least I never heard liim speak He was a good rain, a pious man. kT- It was sad that ho should die so young, but -/. v. ;t was tho will of Adonat. — And my mothor Bw,v r :v . had sho no brother or sister P — About your mother I can loll you very litllo. blio PKs' . ." came from Savannah. Whcthor she has . .connections there still I cannot say.— mV; . Doctor, I aslod, after a moment s silence. !jp - what did you mean by that excopt' you psed a whilo ago. speaking of legacies? I meant nothing. I was thinking of a fow j&vt; v: -family relics, papers and what-not. whtoli ji < you uro to rocoivo whou you become of r ' ago. — Why not till then? — Na. reason, 'save that such was your father's wish, ox- pressed on his death-bed. Ho said— don't let my son have those until ho is grown to bo a man.—' 1 Can- you tell mo definitely whnfc they, arc ?' — ' I cannot. I havo nover seen them. Thoy are looked up in a box ; and the box I am not at liberty to open ' — Doctor, what was my mother's maidon- name?' 'Bertha, Bertha Lexow.'— 'Did you marry her aud my father?' ' Oh no ; they wero married in the South, ( at Savannah. I think tlioy had boon married about five years whoa your father died.— I wont on quizzing tho Doctor until ho declined to answor another question. ' Go away, gad-fly,' ho oriod. 'You are worse -.than tho inquisition.' . In my eighteenth yoar tho Doctor diod suddenly, having survived his wifo by six months only. Ho was stricken down by paralysis while intoning tho Kadcsh song in tho synngoguo. In him I lost my only friend. I had loved him precisely as though bo had boon my father. His death was an immenso affliction. ; It took mo a long whilo to gathor my wits together and realise my position. A.wook or two after tho funeral a man camo to mo and said, 'I roprescnt tho Public Administrator, charged with Bott ling up Dr. Hirsch's concerns. Ho loaves QOthing except household furnituro in bank— all of which goes to his next of kin in Gormany. You will havo to find other quarters. Those aro to bo vacated and tuo goods sold at auction in a few days.' Ah/ 1 said, 'if you nro his administrator, that reminds me. I beg that yon will dclivcr'ovcr tho things tho Doctor had be longing to mo— a box containing papers/ " Identify your property and provo your title/ he replied. Strangers camo and wont in and out of the house for several d ijs. But in tho inventory which they prepared no suoh box as tbo Doctor had desoribed was men tioned.- Furthermore,, a thorough .search failed to bring it to light. Tho auction wife held. Tho last fork was knocked down to tho highest bidder. And I had, to go about my business with tho unpleasant conviction that owing to some slip-up somewhero my inheritance had either boon lost or stolen. Gradually 'I reconciled myself to this idea, concluding that wlint I already know about my parents- was -the most I over should know; and thus matters had remained over sinco. . 4 But now/ I added, my rcoital wound up, 'now perhaps in this miniaturo I havo a clue. It must he a portrait of my father and very likely it was part of tho contents of that box. I suppose, if I were elercr I should see a way of following it up/ 4 1 am consoled/ said Merivale, drawing a deep breatb. 'Consoled ?' I queried. 'Yes, consoled for my obstinacy in mak ing you play at tho concert. You see, it was an inspiration after all. If you had not chnncod upon Tikulski— wliat a blood curdling name ! fit for a tragedy villain — if you hadn't ohaucod upon him as you did, why you nover would havo received tho picture, and so tho mystery which . envelops my hero's antecedents would never iiare been dispelled.- Now we must go to work in a systematic way/ ' Exactly ; but how begin ?' 'Lot me see Tikulski's letter again/— After bo had road tho letter, 'Begin/ he said, ' by paying a visit to tho pawn-shop where ho got it. Luokily he had the presence of mind to montion his where abouts/ 4 Good ' I assented. 'But. will you go- withmer 4 Do you imagino I would allow yon to go alone, you unfiedged gosling ? I shall not only go with you, but, by your per mission, I Bhall manage tho whole trans action. I fanoy I surpass you in respect of savoir fairs' , ' It is now past four. Shall we start at onco?' 4 Yes, of course/ . v 1 Don't bo too hopeful/ ho warned me, as we approaohed the pawnbroker's door. 'Most likely we shall ran against a dead wall/ v- TUe shop was empty. A bell tingled as we opened tho door. In response, a young fellow in his shirt-sleeves emerged from a dark back room. 4 Is Mr. Arkusk in?' demanded Mori- vale, with an air of friondliness, 'Do you want to sco him personally?' roturned the young man, not over politely 'Yon have fathomed my purposo/ said Merivale, with mook gravity. 4 What about ?' . Merivale drew near to tho young man, and shielding -his mouth with his hand whispered, 'Business/ accompanying his utterance with a knowing glance. - 'Well, you can soe mo about business, ' rejoined bis interlocutor, surlily. 4 Impossible. Hero, take my card to Mr. Arknsh and say I am pressed/ . . ' Mr. Arkash can't see nobody. He's sick/ . ' 'Sick? Ah,- indeed T eried Merivale'. 'Has hebcon siok long?- I hopo it is nothing serious. Fray tell mo what tho trouble is ?' Tbe'young man looked surprised. ' Oh, it's, only rheumatism/ he said. 'You aint afriend of his, aro you?' 1 Why, my dear fellow. of oonrso I am. By the very nature of his profession, Mr. Arkush is tho friend of everybody ; and I am tho friend of- every - friend of mine. Consequently— but the deduction is too obvious. Here, take him my card, and say that if ho is not too ill I shall fiope to be admitted/ _ > 1 Wolli perhaps I'd better/ said the young man, reflectively.—1 1 Becky/ ho called, raising his voioe. Becky appeared.. 'Good afternoon, Miss Bcbocca/ said Merivale, lifting his hat. ' Mind tho shop/ said the young man to Becky, and thoreat vanished. 4 Comb this way/ ho said to us, presently returning. ' Ho conductod ns into tho envornous back room. The atmosphere was heavy with tho scont of stale, cookory. The walls wero lined with shelves, boaring mystorious parcels dono up in paper winding-sheets. Under a grimy Svinaow at the furthor end an old man sat in an easy-chair, a patchwork quilt enfolding his legs. Bald, beardless, with sharply accentuated features and ayollow skin, ho lookol like a Midas whoso magic was be ginning. to operate upon himself. 4 Dear me!' oriod Morivalo, advancing towards him. 4 I'm shocked to find you suffering like this, Mr. Arkush. Do tho legs give you much pain ?.- You must try petroleum linimoat. I'll sond yoa a bottle. Thoy say it's the host , remedy in tho world. But tell mo, how )pro you getting on ? Do you notioo . any improve ment P' . ' ' . Tho old man's face wore a puzzled ex pression. fWbat was tho business yon wanted to sco mo nboul?1 bo inquired. 'Oh. uovor muid about business till you have quieted- ray anxiety regarding your health. Bosides, are you sure you. will bo ablo lo attend ?'/ ' V . ., The miek oj Midas betrayed a tendency to sniilo. . 4 Come, time is money; hurry up. said \ts owner. Ho. had. a strong Jewish accent, thus : ' Duno iss uioncr/ Oh. well.. SQid Morivalo. '4 IE you' dou t think it will disturb you; LU - come to tho point. But let uic disarm beforehand any suspicion which 1 ho nature of my orrand may bo calculated to inspire. I am not a detective. I am not on the track 6f stolen goods. I am simply a priyato individual dosirous of gaining cortain information for certaiu strictly legitimate ends, So you nood have no fear of compromising your self by speaking with ontiro unreserve. Shall I proceed P' 4 My Gott, what aro you talking about P Don't mak'o foolishness any longor,' ex claimed Mr. Arkush with. sorno dogreo of vivnoity. ' . ... 4 Mr. Arkush/ said Merivale, in his most solemn tones, 4 Do you romemhor this ?' extracting tho miniaturo from his pockofc aud handing it to tho pawnbroker. Tho latter dounca a pair of speotaclos and holding tho picturo off at arm's length scrutinised it iu. silence. 4 Yes, I remember it/ ho ropliod, Anally. ' I sold it to a gontlonmn somo timo ago. What of it?' 4 You did. You sold it about a year ago to a gentleman with a white beard. Rocolloot ?' 4 Ah, yes, yes, you arc right. Ho had a whiteboard. Ho was alio a Jew. Wo. spoko in fudisch. I rcmombor/ ' 1 13y jove, hasn't Mr. Arkush a wonder ful momory!' cried Morivalo, turning to me. ' I happen to romombor/ voluntoored Mr. Arkush, unperturbed by the compli ment, 4 because when I put that article into the window I said to myself, 4 You/won't get no customor for that. What good is it to anyone ? You made n mistako to lend your monoy on it. That was a loss/ But the. very same day the old gentleman camo in and bought it, which was a surprise/ 4 Ah, I see. Could you toll me, Mr. Arkush, of whom yon got it originally— who pledged it with -jou?! . . . 'J Ou liebcr .Gofth how should t rc- momber that?/ It was two - years, ago .already/ , ; 'True, but— but your books would I show/ : .. . 4 Yes, my books would show tho. name tho person gavo/ 4 Well, will you kindly rofer to -your books ?'. .4Ach, you raako/ino muoh troublo!— Yakub/ ho called. : The young man oamo. Arkush told Yakub to get him the ledger for IS—. It was a ponderous . and dingy volume. Yakub held it open, white his omployor turned tho pagos, running his flngcr from the top to the bottom of. oaoli. At length the finger reached a stand-still. Mr. Arkush said, 1 Yes, I havo found it. It was pawned with mo by a man calling himself Joseph White/ 4 The datoP ' 4 Tho IGtb January/ 4 Have you any moan's of recalling what sort of looking individual Joseph White wasP And, by the way, is' his Tosidonco given ?' 4 4 Residence, Harlem/ it says. That's all. How should 1 remember his look ?'. 'Of course— you see so many people in tho course of a yenr, it is not. wohderfnl that you should forget. : But tell me, did White put anything oUp in/pawn that day.?'. ' - ' No sir ; nothing else/ . . ' He Bimply pawned this :one article and "went away ; that's all P' 'That's all/ 4Hnm !' . Morivalo reflected. .At length ho re sumed. ' 'But at any othor time— that is, does White's name appear on your ledgor under any other date ?' ..... 4 Do you expect mo to read through the book?'. inquired Arkush, with tho tone of protestation. ' That is too much/ > 'I'm awfully sorry to annoy you, but this information I am seeking is of suoh great importanoe--ryott understand— it's worth a consideration/ 'Ob, well, that's different/ said Arkush. ' What will you give ?' ."I'll give, twonty-fivo cents for caoh month that you go over— is it enough?' 'Here, Yakub/ eried Arknsh. 'Run back from January 16th, and see if you find the name of Joseph White again/ Yakub carried the ledger to a desk hard by, and began his task. 4 Do you smoke ?' Merivale asked the old man, offering him a cigar. Prosontly the air became blue with aromatic vapour. 'Hero you are!' called Yakub from his stool. ' Ho proceeded to read aloud; "Dccembor 7 th— one onyx seal ring- amount, ono dollar and a quarter— to Joseph White— rosidenco, Leonard Street —ticket numbor. 15,672. — Same date— one ornamented wooden box — amount, fifteen cents— to Joseph White— rosidenco, .as above— ticket number, 15, G73/ ' 4 Keep still/ said Merivale in an aside, as he saw my lijjs open. 'I'll do tho talking. — I'm inflnitcly obliged to you, Mr. Arkush. Now, if I may trespass just a little furthor opon your indulgence, can yoii tell me whether you still have. either: of thoso articles in stook ? If so, I should be glad to see them — with a view to ! pur chasing, of course/ ' 'Look, Yakub/ said Arkush. 'Were thoso goods redeemed ?' Yakub returned tho ledger to tho shell whence ho had taken it, and producod another book of similar proportions in its stead. Prosontly he . said, . 4 Number 15,672, sold August 20th, 18—; Number 15,673 — sco profit and loss/ 'Number lo,G72 was tho ring, was it not ?' asked Merivale. 4 Number 15,073 is referred to tho aocount of profit end loss- will you kindly turn to it under that head, Mr. Yakub?' - Yakub. possessed himself of a third volume, and in duo timo read, ' ' Number 16,673— Jnly, 18—, given to R.— Amount of loss, fifteen conts/ ' 4 Lot me see that entry/ said Arkush, To he Continued 