THE ENGLISH TOEIES AND ME. E. NEWTON McCULLOCH. ? » To T.tE Editor Sir, — I trust you will kindly permit me to alter the heading of this corres pondence as above, because I find that Mr. E. Newton McCulloch has in two lines of a postscript given up the ghost regarding the Evicted Tenants question, and has gone into the hysterics of grovel and adulation before the House of LordB. Every Australian is familiar with the type of the average new chum, be he a lordliner. or social parasite, or literary ponderer. They affect, as a rule, an air of superiority on arrival in this country, and it takes some time before they are made to realise that they are not addressing crouching English Hodges, who doff their hats before their alleged betters. Because the gentleman with the radical Scotch name, but English Tory proclivities, has discovered that I am not of the kid gloved order of correspondents to which he has been used in the old-country, hiB highly strung nerves are shocked. I am sorry for this carpet warrior because I can't become a bit more polished even for the sake of prolonging^ controversy which might have the effect of immort alising Mr. E. Newton McCullocb. When this assumptive new chum becomes more familiar with public controversy in this free hind, he will acknowledge that what he took to be a ' loss of temper' on my part was only a sample of Australian independ ence. As for my using the nickname ' Judas ' and applying it to Mr. Chamberlain, your correspondent must have been a very casual observer in Eng land if he is ignorant of the name by which the jealous- renegade has been known and called in the House of Com mons, and by a large section of the British Press. It is difficult for me to follow the disordered ramblings of my friend in reply to my defence of the position taken up by the Daily News, but 1 6hall deal with a few of the spark ling gems of his effervescent imagina tion. ' The keynote to Mr. McCnlloch's little mind is found in the following: ' When a Tory hinds here from Eng land, he finds that he is a Radical in spite of himself, for the simple reason that everything here is naturally very far behind that which obtains at Home.' Judging by the fact that the balance of hiB letter is taken up in slobbering the House of Lords and the aristocracy ,the ' everything'alludedtomuBt be the ab sence in this democratic land of Aus tralia of a House of real live Lords and a governing aristocracy, before whom Australians, like the fabled feeble minded Yankee grocer quoted, could fall down and adore. Now those who have travelled about Australia are familiar with the types of men who are described to us by this seemingly cal low worshipper as demi-gods. Few of the many LordB who have visited this country were men above mediocrity; the greater part of them were apparent ly inferior in intelligence to many of our artisans, and the balance of them were profligates of the vilest type. This class of men who assume the airs of ancient Egyptian or Indian caste, be come in the midst of independent people absurd mockeries.Theinfatuation of a few hundreds or thousands in Aus tralia, who chase these living relics of medicBval comedy around the social circle, can no more be accounted for by reasonable men than the spectacle of thousands who prefer to shake the hand of a notorious prise fighter to that of one of thedescendants of the freebooters patented in by- gone-days by Kings alleged to have been 'divinely appoint ed.' Why should not Australians or any other free people laugh loud and long at somebody who calls himself a Duke — which means a leader or commander — when they know well that he is only a little dude and has never led anything, except perhaps a very vicious life, and is also intellectually below the level of his butler P There are but very few instances of the ' elevation' to the Peerage of grand and noble natures which could be held up to mankind as ideal types. Every intelligent person who is able to read history must know that the exaltation and decoration of many of the English aristocratic famil ies were due to causes that could not be mentioned in decent controversy, whilst in other cases the patent of nobility was the reward of some rascality or crime, done at the bidding of a royal master. To assert, as doea my oppon ent, that the House of Lords is a col lection of the pure merinos of the titled Kingdom is to ignore not only histori cal taota bat contemporary records ot Engliih Law Courts. The old theory thai the aristocracy is the society com prising the beat and noblest persons in the State, has been exploded by cen- tunes of practice; and no sycophant at this time of day can convince the people of free countries that any virtues which may have originally attached themselves to the founders of great aristocratic houses have been transmitted by heredity and letters patent down to the present holders. ?. In speaking of the character of the London Times, I was but echoing the already expressed opinion of the great bulk of the English nation ; and, moreover, if representative value is to be gauged by the volume of circula tion, at least three London papers ex ceed the Tivies in a truly represent* ative capacity. The assertions made regarding the political beneficence of the patchwork Unionist Party, from 18S7 to 1892, only confirm iny conten. tion that nothing original of a progress sive character has ever come from the party of dry bones, and that nearly everything of importance passed by them was opposed by them whilst Bit. ting in the cool shades of the Opposi tion — in a word, that the Tories are always pursuing the policy of ' dish ing the Whigs.' In respect to Mr. McCulloch's sneer at the popular de monstrations against his pet Peers, it is strange that if it is so easy to con gregate hundreds of thousands in Hyde Park as he alleges, no effort has evet been made to make a similar demonstra tion in favour of she House of Lords, . the existence of which is considered just as great an anomaly as a con stitutional Monarchy itself. The'Etand- ardautliority' quoted toshow thatavote is possessed in England by ' almost every body1 who cares to possess one, is contradicted by the fact that the Registration Act introduced recently' had for its object the giving of such extra facilities for the franchise as would add largely to the Liberal and Democratic: voting power. When this loyal supporter of Toryism speaks o( 'very nearly 5,O00,OQpregisterea voters,', he conveniently forgets that the plural vote inequality is responsible for hun dreds of thousands of names, and that, consequently, that number of votes does ° not represent bo many voters. HiB enthusiastic love of plunging into rash calculations has also led him to fix the . population of London at 7,000,000— more than a million in excess of the . ~\ very Litest official computation. Youa readers must surely have seen that this nice young man has run off at a tangent and avoided serious debate for frivolous/ supercilious assertions on side issueBi '?? None of my fasts relating to the con dition of the evicted tenants, the cruelty and extortion of the landlords . and the justice of the measure defeated .' by that class in the House of Lords, have been touched, and except the two line postscipt making a promise, the » whole of' his epistle u a simple parade of petty - partisanship. As . -. I am desirous to instruct even a Tory* i perhaps this extract, dated 23rd July ;; last, from the London Echo, a Conser* . * ative journaJ.may be read with interest r ,1 ' The outrageous policy of the House . X of Lords in the past, stirred Ireland 1 from centre to circumference. The . J landlords by their cruel activity clothes . | Parnell with power. The House 6E ::':\ Lords, to ite everlasting discredit, re- . 1 jected the Compensation for Distur- | bonces Bill, and from that time there - 1 commenced an era of agony directig '! traceable to their action, which was q '?* blunder akin to a crime. Will thet 1 repeat the blunder F Yes, if the Ttmeif | the organ of the landlord class, is a J true prophet. And if so, thttfatwill be v\ in the fire again. The House of Lord* | admitted by their action in passing the ': Land Bill in 1881 that they were mil* -j taken in rejecting the other Bill the , i year before.' If, in accordance witH ' '^ my initials, I am a ' particularly 'i jaundiced radical ' might I not Bay «a -i a rejoinder that E.N.M.C. is an 'Erratic,' J Nasty, Mouldy, Conservative f'—Yourst : &o.; P.J.R. r, Perth Sept 18th, 1894. V, A P.S.— It seems rather strange that A . .?* correspondent inclined to be consider* | ed so particularly toney, doncherknowy ?| should apostrophise in vulgar Cockney* | isms, altogether at variance with the | dignified language supposed to be thi | exclusive stock-in-trade of bis MgM -J born goda and their cringing flatterer*! m P.J.B. »j I [ThiB correspondence must npflj ,--J cease.— Ed.] ;' ^ _—— ' - -I New . Zealand is a country . when| ? ~Jj mining is progressing. There tijM '& Legislatute insists on a scientmfi - |f qualification for mine managers, ana to -| induce those interested in the induplng M to qualify themselves, they proriaji '-.*% sohoLarshipB for those who pass a xm I cognised course of instruction. 3$^ 1 examination embraces :— (a) Theorett . ' J| cal chemistry ; (b) practical ohemista? '$, (e) metallurgy of gold and silver j fo || mining ; («) ventilation of mines i (J J general ana mining geology ; (g) Ian | and mining surveying; (k) drairiBj f No scholarship is awarded to any oat :I didate who does not obtain 76 per can . | of the marks in each vobjeet. jp i fault at the Universitiea is that the |j provide scholarships for the join | alone. There is no inducement to M those who have attained years ot ffi $ cretion to educate themselves. Surd % the Mines Departments might do J little in this direction by offeria M scholarship! to men who care to tm| -. *| themselves from their MroA and go1 ? :M for a systematic ©ourie of toaning1 \ ' rM the scientific braaoket «l tit* Vmm -'.M 