LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. ' A bittinob of the Toowoomba District Courl will commonoo hero to-morrow morning hofora His Honor Judge Paul. Mr. F. W. Dickson will prosceuto on bohalf of tho Crown. Two criminal oases aro sot down for hoarlntr. viz. H. Davis and M. Nunn. alias Poyntor, alias C. Ilanillton, akarged with obtaining goods by moAns of a valueless cheque ; and James Cuff and " Jaok " Dovino charged with tho larceny of opals from Mr. John Lonhy, M.L.A , nt Thargomindab Inst May. Six civil ca»o aro on the list:— J. I1. MoLoinh v. A. McLardy. claim for .goods sold, £19 4s. 5d. ; Same v. Daniel and Thomas Molnoornoy, goods sold, £15 13. Od.; D,D. Newspaper Company v. Wm. Williamum, ndvortining and subscription, £5 12.; Thou Ilnkor v. Albert noon, wages, £7 10<. ; F. Printer v. Thns. Taylor, olaim for damages (drinking poisoned water). £200: Hv. Thorn v. flaconA Co.. wrontrful dismissal. £2-1. The half yearly moeling of tho Toowoomha Wednnsday HalMIoliday As»oointion will bo hold In tho Control Hall, Margarat'Stroot, to-morrow (Friday), nt 8 p.m. Mr. \V. H. Groom, M,L.A., will prosido. All motnbor nro requested to attend. Business : (1.) Adoption of report and balanoo shoot ; (2.) Election of offiaors. Counterfeit coin is evidently in circula tion In Toowoomba at presont, bnt, so far as wo havo boon able to gather, not to any Inrgo extent. Still it is doslrnblo that burinoss people partioalarty should bo on- tho alort. As will bo soon from our Polico Court report this morning tho polico havo already taken stops in- tho matter, aod a nativo of tho " Flowery Land " is now undor remand on a chnrgo of ottering. Wo understand thai tho counterfeit coin in oirouktion is mostly in tho form of half crowns and two shilling pteooa. Wf. draw attention to Moasr. Gregory and Scholofield's snio by anotion this day at 12 o'clock, of a 78 aoro farm known an Mr. John Anderson's situated close to Gronnmount. A HCUATCif polo matoh will bo played on tho lUefloourso on Saturday noxt. Play to commonco at 3 sharp. Tho following will re present I ho toams:— Reds: W. Peak, J. Jen nings, J. Ilonslor, F. Mnrwodal, W Trovethan, T.. flrranrv. liluet i N. Oiisivoll. A. MuPlim. M. Huroloy, It. Sunday, H. Mardou, J. S. Nolan. Why buy Tea iu Brisbane, when yon can parohaso n bettor Ton in Toowoomba for tha sanis uionoy. Drink Goodriok'u Famous Toe and support local enterprise? 4777 The Bill "to amend tho Local Works LoansAot of 1880 und tho Local Works Loans Aet Amendment Aot of 1890," road a first timo in tho LogisUtivn Assembly on TuoRday, providos that npon written application by a loon! authority, signed by tho ohairman, being mado to tho Colonial Treasurer, tho Governor-in-Council may bur- pond, for a period not oxcoeding three years, from 1st July of tho present, year the payment of the moioty required to redoora tho principal of any loan which has been advanced. Daring tho period of suspension interest is to hit ahnrgod at tho rato of 5 per cont, paynblo half- yearly. Paymont of arrears may also bo sus pended for throe yoars, the same rate of interest to bo paid on those arrears. Those proririouR do not apply to paymonts which uavo beon ex tended by tho principal Acts. " London " wns the tttlo of a mngio lantern ontortainmont given in tho Wesleyan school- room on Monday ovoning last by tho Iiov. W. Jeffries. Tho pioturos comprised 60 photo graphic views spooially prepared by a woll- known English nonso for exhibition with tho Oxy-llydro lime-light. Tho lnntorn was sup plied and worked by Mr. J. Bnin in a most satisfactory manner ; while each pioturo as it wns thrown npon the sheet was pleasingly dnscribnd by tbo lecturer. Tho enthusiasm of tho aadienao showed that both looturer and snbjnot wore appreciated. A set of oomlcal slides portraying tho diflionltios of a photo grapher enured muoh laughtor amongst tho juvomlos, for whoso nmunmnt they wero shown. Tho manngoment should bo ratisfiod with tho attendance peeing that the room was filled to over-flowing. Belief from that troublosomo cough. Goodriuk'e Cough Mixture is undoubtedly superior to all others, and has tho reputation of ouritig more Coughs and Colds than any other preparation proaontod to tho poblio. 4778 Sun-iNsrECTOR White loft Toowoomba on Tuesday for Longroaoh, via Ronkhampton, ho having beon ordered out on " Slriko Duty," Tho Huli-innpeutor playod a very prominent p irt iu keeping order In tho Control District during tho Strike of 1891. and in Snb-inapoo- tors White and Dfiton tho Government have twii ollicers who could scarcely bo improved on fur tho excoptinnal duties now reqiiircd of theui. Sub-iiispeotor White's duties In Too wou'nba bavo bs«o toinporarilr Ukon up by Inspector Isloy, who arrived on Monday sight. Thirty.four years have elapsed einco tbo gonial Inspootor last saw Toowoomba, and naturally ho finds wondorful ohangoB. Wo havo no doubt his stay horn will bo a pleasant one. Hii namo is a bousohold word through out tho North, whoro his 29 years' residoaoo havo onablod the peoploto properly approoiato tho admirnhto personal qaalitlos of this oxoollont ofilcor. Tnr. balanco sheet of tho Higbfiolds Divi sional Board nppoars on tho front pago of this morning's issuo. A Bio Match.— On Saturday next at the fomball ground, Past and Present Grammars versus Combined Toowoomba. Woll worth witnessing. We beg to rotnind our renders that W. H. Cato & Co.'s salo of gonerai drapery wilt com- tnenco to-day, and that fifteen per cont die- count will bo allowed on alt cash Ralos, and this sale will last for fourteen days only. The report from tho Toowoomba Asylum for tho wock ending tho 26th inst., allows that ono tnnlo aod ono fomalo patient wore ad mitted duriog tho waok and one diod, leaving in tho Institution 103 muloB and 1C0 fomalos: total, 269. Beautiful highly burnished photographs (akon at M, H>ggooknmp's Studio, Buthvoa- streot, for 10. por duzen. Carte do vlsita nhnbiffraiihH. tia. tier dozon ! nroofa given. P< stago ntamp photographs at 2s. 6d. por dozoii. 671a We havo boon favored with a copy of Messrs. W. II, Paling & Co.'s now danoo album which has just boon issued. It is of full musio sizo, and beautifully printed in otoar typo. It con tains seventeen (Isnoos, among its oontonts being s— Waltzes, Ulno Dannho, After tho Ball. M'ina : Lxnoors, original ; Qnadrilles, Royal Iri-h, 1 ho Alberts ; Suhottisoho, Duko of Edin burgh; Polk'. Elgnn ; Galep, Bombay; M iznrkas, Turquomettn, Myal. Tho Dance Album fully sustains tho oiouiiunt ropntation of Messrs. W. H- Paling & Co. Pbofitaule Poultry for 1895.— Eggs for hatnhing now ready: Lsngshans, champion strain, grand layors, oxcellent tablo fowls; Plymouth Rocks, good all-purposo brood ; Brown Leghorns, very bandremo, prolific Invars. Eggs of oltberof abovo varieties 21s. nod 104. 6d. por olutob. Indian Gums, the bast table fowls in oxistonco, very massivo. and iho flesh oxquiwito iu flavor. Eggs, 30s. ind2ln. Eight chicks guaranteed from each sitting. W. A. Noule, Nowtown Poultry Farm, Toowoomba. 4826 AN excollont football match may bo ox- pooled on tho Rnsorvo noxt Saturday. The following are tho teams ; —Past and Present Gpiimmarat Btck.C. Gibson: 3-backs : C, Hon- noRSoy, Dr. Woodward, B. Corfo, E. J. H. Bishop ; i-baok : C. Roberts, H. II. Loo, H. W. Uawson; forwards: R. II. Mnnro, J. Blnok, G. Burlow, Filshio, Hatton, Lvnders, Mills. Town: Book, Cox ; 1-baok : MnibuHoh, Cuffo, M. Padget, Skitmer; J.bsck: R. Bar- oluy. B. Broadfootj forwards: T. Uroadfoot, D. Broadfont, Doyle, Wldto. Ewald, Godsall, A B. Padgot, S.OlUor. Umpire: A. Nogol. A concert and danao was hold in tho Drayton Conrt Honso on Friday night last (writes a ocrrespondont), in aid of tho Itoman Cfttbolio Church boro, and, although tho weather was throatoning, it proved to bo ono of tho best entertainments ovor hold in Dray ton. Tho programme contained 19 numbers. Mr. Panooo occupied tho chair. Tho ooncort was oponod with a piano duot by Missos L. L-iwton and J. Woods, followed by Miss C. Lyaoh's eong, " Bonny Banks of Loob Lo mond." Mire C. Lynch also sang a duot with Miss Lynoh, "Tho Two Cousins." Mis Haydock sang " Crinkot on tho Hoarth" in sang her two songs, " Dublin Bay and In tho Gloaming" very woll indeed, and received loud applaufo. Mis- Haydock sang in Dray ton boforo, and is known to bo a first-dare singer. Amidst tho omnia songs were "Bathor" and "I Was in It" by Mr. J. MoOuin, who had to respond to nn Onooro. Mr. O. Roithmullor'a songs wero " Ask Your- .self tho Question" and "Tho Bulla won't Bellow," and ho also had to respond. " Duck- foot Sao " was sung by Mr. G. Erbaohor, who afterwards gavo a " Chiooso " song in oharao- tor, which ovoko 1 groat laughter. From tho time this gontlcman started singing ho kept tho audionco in roars of bilarty, and the word " encoro " was nn avory one's lips at tbo con clusion. Mr. Bratchford in bis u»nal ablo niaiinor rooitod " Fentonov," and Master P. Aiutzo reoitod "Tho Frenohman and tho Fioa Powder," tho joke taking vory woll. Tho souond part opened with a piano pieco, "Carnival do Vonico," which was nicoly played by Mrs. Borrowmao. A speech on "Ghosts" was vory well given by Mr. J. Lyous. Messrs. S. and J. Lyons in tho comic acting business wero vory laughable. Tho farco, ' Tho Lawyer's Clerk," by Messrs. S. and J. Lyons, J. McGinn, and Tommy Hanrahan, which fairly brought down tho house, ouch doing their respective parts splendidly, brought tbo programme to a oIoho. Tho dance that followed was also a success, and was kept up till four o'clock iu thu morniug. Mueic was supplied by tho Mems. Clarke, and Mire Clarke, Mrs. Borrowman. and Miss Behind, with flute. Violin, and I pisnQi Tho cfttcrinff wm Acme by tho young ladles of Drayton, while Missos MoLaoghlin, Lyons, and O'Rorke waitod on tho toa-table. Mr. W. Burton creditably filled the position of M.C. Mr. C. M. Lyons tenders his hearty thaoks to those who had helped him and iOnl tho seats and lamps, <fco. Bulloch Lade & Co.'s whisky. The tnosi pronoonoad in flavor of all whiskies. 3729 Mrs. Hann, roliot of tho late Mr. William Hann, proprietor of M&ryvalo; station, and the loader of the party wbioh discovered tho Pnlmor goldflold, died in Townsvillo on Sunday. Tub Now South Wales Football team now viflitinp Now Zoalaud playod tho first match of tho tour against Auckland on Saturday. The game, whioh was tho most exciting and sen sational over playod oh tho ground, ended In a victory for Aucktnnd by 14 points to 11, Tho visitors mado a good impression, and aro likely to come off well during their tour. Thoy played a grand game nntil within 10 minutos of time, when they showed signs of fatigne, Auokhmd scoring oight points in th<« last five minutes. Tho gsmo in tho second spell was very rough. Thn no it passing And swift running of tho visitors wero greatly admired. By the bya tho team is byno moans a representative Now South Walos ono. For Phntegraphio requirements, Drags and Chomicals, Trusses, Patent Medioinnn, Homai- opathlo Medicine, Brunhwaro, Porfumc, Fancy and Medicated 8onps.gotoJ. Goodrich, Family and Dispensing Chemist, Uothv.-n and Rupscll-strcots, Toowoomha. 4749 TiiR following conversation wax overheard between two Sootohmon in Margaretstropt a day or two ago:— Sandy: "Jock, mon, doyo kon whaur to got n glare o' gtiid Scotoh wlnin- key?" Jock : " Do Ikon? Do I no kon? Why at Carrigg's, yon gowk, whaur yooan got Maodonoll's real auld ' Long John ' whus- key a' tho way from Ben Novis." Tho two thon retired to Carrigg's, and after about half-an-hour thoy omorgod looking vory jolly, assuring ono anothor that it was just "Gran, mon : grau." Wo nndorstand that tliis is the only hotel in town where you can obtain thin oolobratcd whiekoy. 481G Tins is tho sort of pleasant weather when ono, metaphorically speaking, feels inclined to "jump ovor tho moon." Those who load sodontary livos aro strongly rocommondod to tako oiorolso, and a walk oat Hnmo-straot this woathor, as' far as Mr. Henry Horror's obarm- ing vineyard, will provo Fonoficial in a dual manner. In addition to tho healthy oxoroiso, thoy can follow St. Paul's famous advico to Timothy, and "tako a littlo wino for their stomach's sake," 1209 Seize tho first opportunity of visiting tho Popular Cash Sale of Gonoral Drnpory at T. K. Lamb's, Hodgson's Boitdinge. Ladies Hoinory good quality, at 3d. a pair ; tastefully trimmed Hats at la. Gd., and ovorything olsn equally chonp. 33 BuLLOctt Lade & Co 'a Highland whisky, 8 years in wood, can bo sjpplicd in butk or eio by their agnate, Perkins and Co., Ltd., Brisbono. 3730 