A Wight's Work. ' To the last the condemned man denied his guilt. He had, he said, acted all through under, the domination of others.' — Glasson. ?!,;,- T , How are' 'we to apportion the responsibility for crime ? That be longs elsewhere. There is the case of Detective Horton, for instance. The factB in regard to his death were very mysterious. The truth — told now for the first time — is terrifying. He was a member of the Melbourne detective force. It would be idle to pretend that he was an. ordinary de tective. He was ^iiothing of the kind. \ Eyes trained to discern as were those of 'his brother officers, were n'oj; long in piercing his disguise, or in -discovering that he was a man who had been born to favor able opportunities in life. That in fine he had 'been a geritleman by education and custom. There must have been a screw loose somewhere, they surmised, for a gentleman to have been transformed into a detec tive. Nevertheless Horton was on.6 of the very smartest men in the service. Cool and shrewd, his conclusions were generally accurate. It was the custom. of the chief to assign him the more difficult cases. Personally he was well liked, though, never profuse of his company. When off duty his own society sufficed Tittm. It was suspected in the Criminal Investigation Department that he was given to reading in his leisure i moments. Despite this, for a detec j tive, curious aberration, he was I Regarded as eminently sane. Con sequently, when it transpired one morning that he had blown out his brains, there was un bounded amazement among his fellow officers — a class not easily astonished at individual vagaries, because, -with a fair justification., the experienced de tective regards every man as a poten tial felon. He was engaged in such an interesting case, too. However, these are the facts. It was a wild winter's night in Mel bourne. The bleak Southern. Ocean was spilling its spite on the whole lower half of the continent. The wind, ravening from its lair in the South Polar Sea, stung like a nettle, and with it bitter ravaged the heavens above and the earth beneath. The street ways of the city were well nigh deserted. The wet pavements glis tened with a cold sheen under the gaslight. In the street valleys be tween the tall clifE-like buildings in the commercial part of the city, the storm poured and moaned like a tide. Of the telegraph wires overhead it made a long wind harp of mournful tones. In the dirtier, darker quarters it made a shouting and racket in the i licketty roofs. | It was Sunday night, and few were F the devotees whose ardour was sufficiently strong to lead them to the places of worship. 'When these had gone to their homes the solitude would have been absolute but for the heavy tramp of a big policeman, or the stealthy passing of some night prowler intent upon escaping Tii« at tention. At the door of a house in Hussell etreet a man stopped and let himself in with a latch-key- He was dripping wet. The house might have been de serted but for the light which crept from under a door opening on the lialL This 'was the man's bedroom. A fire burned brightly within. Before it a small tea-table was set for one. The man changed his wet clothes, took off his goloshes, and at tacked the meal. Whenhe had satis fied his appetite he tinkled a bell and an old woman appeared, swept off the tea utensils, and vanished without having uttered a word. Sinking into an armchair he filled and lit a brown meerschaum pipe, and leaned his head back upon the chair, making blue smoke-wreaths and listening placidly to the shouting, fighting night without. The conditions were favorable to provoke sleep in a tired man, and consequently when his pipe was emptied he took it from his mouth and, just as he was, Detective Horton went to sleeps As he slept thus it was a good opportunity for observing his face. The brow was broad and low, woman wise, the hair soft and brown, but here and there the brown was salted with the rime of the years or of trouble. Had the eyes been open you Would have seen them grey as a wonga's wingj now they were lat ticed by a long silk lash. This much of the face was fine and dreaxnv and gentle; but the mouth had bold curves, and the chin was prominent and1' chiselled. The face was contradictory — one in which will and feeling would strive together to the end. What the booI which that face masked was capable of it would be hard to deter mine. Horton had slept, by the clock something more than an hour, as it seemed to him but a few seconds, when he was dimly conscious of a knocking at frfo door. . ' Gome in,' he said. The Inspector entered. 'I want you at once, Horton,' he said, *' Some one has murdered French Liz 1' ' Horton stood up. 'I was enjoying my* nap,' he said, regretfully,'. «M£ itfs one of the attractions of I&eijig; a detective that you can never count on a quiet 'Bleep. Is it raining, -Inspector P^ t, ' No,.the rain has stopped this hour.' ' Why,' said Horton, « it was when I went off to sleep a few minutes ago —phew, it's past 12 o'clock. Fve had a longer spell than I thought.' While he spoke he was putting on Ms overcoat,' and looking to his re volver. ' French Iiz was a pretty girl, but a bad lot, and after all, inspector, the detective can chime in the chorus of the moralist who insists on a bad end for a, bad life. But that? s not our business, which is, I take it, to get our hands on the murderer.' 'Come on,' said the inspector, with a touch of impatience, ' and if you make no mistake we'll have him in the cells before the morning.' The two men hurried into the street. The wind was still as high as when Horton had hurried in from it two hours before, but the.rain had stopped, though the sky was clothed in heavy banks of clouds flying like straw before the furious storm. The streets were dried by the wind, the stone pavements of the footways cold and clear. The officers hurried on, and pre sently turned into Little Bourke street. Half way down the door of a shabby house was open, the form of a burly policeman blocking the door. A ring of inquisitive neighbors was ranged outside — the low riff-raff of the low 6treet. Horton drew his coat collar up and pulled his slouch hat over his eyes. He did not desire to be too well known by the crowd. The murderer might be there for instance. But the crowd knew the character of the men well enough. ' Two D's,' said one, significantly. On a table in the back room of the house was laid all the remains of poor French Liz, one of the soiled lilies of the town. It is needless to describe this one. Her history matters little. Such as hers there are many. Horton knew her well. He looked over at the prostrate figure — the head half severed from the body by a fear ful stroke from some sharp instrument. The floor was streaming with the woman's blood. From the big vessels of the neck it had spurted over one of the walls. Horton shuddered, for all the scenes of vice he had passed through had failed in making Vnm callous. In another room could be heard the hysterical sobbing of a woman. ' Annie Scmers,' said the inspector, in answer to' Horton's inquiring look. ' She saw the murderer.' ' Annie,' said Horton, knocking at the door, ' may I come in ?' As he spoke he opened the door. Other de tectives -would have opened it without more ado ; but Horton was always gentle with women, Annie Somers, a pretty, fair, painted girl, with a mouse-like manner, was sitting on the edge of a bed, dad in a loose wrapper. She was crying convulsively. ' How much did you see Annie ?' said Horton. ' I was in here alone,' she said, the last words in reply to a silent ques tion in the detective's eyes. ' Yes, quite alone. ' Liz came into that room with a friend. I heard them enter and not more than a minute after I heard a scream. I.rusfeed to the door and looked out. Liz was lying on the floor covered with blood and a man stood over with a knife in M« hand. There was blood on it and on his beard and clothes. He did not see me and I hardly dared to breathe for fear of making him look. Not a minute after the scream and Lizzie's fall he left.' ' Did you have a good view of him0' asked Horton. ' Yes, the light fell fairly on his face.' 'What was he Eke?'' ' About your height and make,' said Annie. ' He was dressed in a brownish suit, and had a white shirt and tie. That's why the blood stood out on it so distinctly.' 'About my height, you say?' ' Yes, sir,' said the girl. ' He might have been you, only for his beard.' ' He had a beard, then ? What kind?' « A f nil red beard.' The girl shud dered. ' He looked as if he was drip ping with blood,' she said. ' Did you see which way he went ?' asked Horton. '-I did not,' she replied. ' I think I fainted,' ' That 'will do for the present,' said Horton, and with the inspector he left the room. 'I'll go home now,' said the in spector, ' the case is in you* hands, Horton j I hope youil give a good account of our friend before the morning.' ' Yes, perhaps I wilL' said Horton absently. His mind was already heavy with possibilities. When he went outside, on the clean pavement he saw some splashes which the wind had not dried. He stooped and looked at them. ' Blood,' he muttered, ' and not dry. By Jove, TU try it!' He dis appeared in the darkness. When he returned in 10 minutes he was accompanied by a stable boy named Ben and a bloodhound called Satan, the only dog of its breed in Melbourne. 'Thafs a good notion,' said the policeman, approvingly. Horton nodded. He was eager to try it ; so was the dog, appropriately named Satan. He took to the fresh trail with a thick sob of excitement, the foam flaking from his heavy, pen dulous jaws. The combined efforts of the two could hardly hold Tnm in leash. In five minutes Satan stopped at the door of the detective's lodging. Horton was perplexed.. He dragged the dog into the middle of the path way to pick up the Io3t scent. With a furious, deep growl the animal broke away, jand launched its large bulk against the door. -? ' There's no doubt about that,' said Ben, the stable boy. '*' Satan don't make no mistakes.' The detective opened the door with his latchkey, and ^atan swept with a roar into the hallway.'' There was a cupboard under the stairs which faced the street door, and Satan plunged Ms head into this and dragged but a bundle of clothes. ' Take him home, Ben,'* said the detective. ' When, they had gone Horton examined the bundle. There were coat, vest, and trousers, and all were smeared in blood. As Horton looked at them his be wilderment, already sufficiently over powering at the curious developments due to Satan's intervention, became annoying. The clothes were his own4 Here was a curious complication. Horton was quick at forming con clusions. It was evident that some body had entered his room while he slept, stolen his clothes, committed the murder, and then returned the articles so as to implicate him in the crime. Who could it be? The inspector evidently. But why? They had always been the best of friends, and the inspector had an ex cellent character. At any rate, he was circumspect with women. But the cause ? Hor ton -was too thorough an expert in criminal character to worry much about the inconsistency of a crime with the character of the mart who perpetrated it. Crime is frequently the explanation of a character before misunderstood. Presuming that the inspector had committed this deed in order to fix it upon him he might expect arrest at any moment. It would, be hard to escape the -web woven by the inspec tor. Horton was in a way almost amused at the fix he was in. * * * * It had all been so like a dream to him that he had not before remem bered it. The suit of clothes he was sitting in was the suit he had worn when he had returned to his room early on the previous night. He had 1 changed it for the suit of brown tweed, the blood-stained suit which he had dragged from the dark closet under the stairs. Obviously, then, the clothes must have been taken from Trim i-r? ti-ta sleep. He must have been stripped of them without waking. That, or he -had gone forth in some tremendous mental and spiritual alias, and slaughtered French Liz. ? It was characteristic of Hortoa that he faced the dismal theory with utter calmness. Indeed, he was interested in it, as though the theory affected some other person. A remark made by Annie Somers occurred to him — 'He might have been you only for his beard.' ' About that beard,' thought Hor ton. He opened a draw containing a few simple disguises. ' One was a beard full and red. As he felt the wet on it he shivered sHsrhtlv. Beside it lav the knife, also wet. « This murderer was a burglar, after all,' he thought. ' If the inspector had only looked in that drawer, now!' There was one thing more to be done. Horton put on the brown suit and the beard, taking the knife, and went forth again into the night. To him it had been a momentous night. When he arrived at the scene of the crime he whispered a word to the policeman in charge and passed in. Annie Somers was in bed with several candles lighted on the table beside it. As he appeared in the doorway a look of horror and fear was born on her pale face. She sat up right, pointed an accusing finger at him, struggled to shout, and fell back fainting. It was enough. He made the beard and knife into a parcel and dropped them in the yard. * * * Horton sat in his room. It was clear to fri-m no man could have stolen his clothes and done the murder. No ! some evil thing had stolen his body and gone about the deed. Either that or he, .Will Horton, was mad, a maniac of the most dangerous kind. Who would be his next victim ? ' I have caught the criminal,' he reflected, ' and it is not yet dawn.' He looked through the window where the ghost-like grey precursor of light was pressing towards the zenith the retreating flags of night. ' That the criminal is myself surprises me some what, but it does not alter my duty. I have been recreant to so many that to be true to one at last is at least due to my own character and to God — and to the inspector. ' And I have wanted an excuse for a long time. Will Horton, or what you will, has proved a tiresome com panion for many years, and the last exploit of his necessitates his disap pearance.' The curtains of grey clouds in. the east parted a little and one cold star looked out. 'And that may be the soul of Maggie, forgiven and forgiving.' And then the voice of his other self — the slave of life, insistent and re silient — whispered — « Who knows that your hand struck down French Liz ? Besides, are you guilty? You did not murder her. You were sleeping by the fire. Cover up the traces of the crime. It is all in your hands ; and who~wiIL be the wiser or the worse P' 'Enough,' his thoughts replied. ' I, the minister of justice, the custodian of public life, have tf'« night done murder. My hand is red with the life blood of a defenceless girL I did not do it, you say? Who then? What dark secret is here to which all your ologies can find no key. And if I have murdered once, why not again ? Or, if I have been used once by the fiend's self, why not again? What other hellish work may not this hand be put to when I seek the blessing sleep ? If I have don* mis thing i must suffer. If not, the fact that I have become the sport of some dark powers to subserve the ends of hell is reason enough that I should die. I should not have been, alone of all men, pressed into such service unless my life had given, full and foul justification for the usage. It must end.' Into the eastern sky, grey as the ashes in the grate, something light was slowly growing. The air was zaw, and about the silent city a moan ing wind tu wandering, Thenfh* ? ? - * Voice appealed : 'You are young yet. Behold! your blood is warm and quick. You have thrown away ambition, it is true ; but a woman's ' kisses can still enthrone you. Thinfr of all the many you know who would -welcome yon back. You can see them smiling now., feel their caresses, the warm breath, the white arms.' ' Enough, I say, you beast of many voices. Thy body, it is true, may he fair to many ; but my soul is true to one (who has least cause to thank my preference). Are you weakening my purpose as a man ? I am the detec tive again. I have found my criminal, and the rules of the force command me when my prisoner 4s likely to escape to prevent it by * * * * When the old woman came, up in the morning she found him placid enough, with the miniature of a fair girl fast in Ms hand. Nor did any of the detectives who viewed his body guess that the blood on the brown, suit had coursed in any other veins than Ms own. 