I COCKLING AT MORECAMBE. {Saturday ¡levicw.) I From Bilrerdale to Kent ssndsidc, 1 Whore soil is BOWD with Cookie thetis. Old Flodden Ballad. Wordsworth culled Hie Sands of Morecambe Bay "Til« majestic plain where the sea has retired," Bad well, indeed, does that grind expanse, rib\£ of glittering gold, now of opal hue with an almost, endless cliunge of effect, merit such description. Those who associate t h« sea willi u close incoming tide little know t he fascination which these ever vnrying sands have for the eoostfolk of North Lonsdale in Lancashire ; which, indeed, they have also for every lover of nature to whom unusual and marvellous colouring appeals, u colouring which from its incessant variety seems full of a perplexing and unaccountable interest. To ''watch tho sands" is undoubtedly one of the fascinations of this still coast life to thc fislierfolk, who wander down to them even after their day's work is over - a fascination which steadily grows, lill even those, whose life is not of the sands cannot resist the increasing desire to wander over (hem, to watch every shadow bathed in their burnished gold, to realize from them every season's changes on the shore. Whence comes this fascination? Is iii from the dangerous excitement surrounding the shifting sand* '' with their ever-inci-eit-jing death-roll, ur from the changing .channels in which often even a week's time finds wibstantial alteration, ar from the siletit creep of the " bore " wave, which IIRS swept in too swiftly und silently for many u traveller, as in Mrs. Gaslrell's Sexton's it is thal Ute amiability of t hese sands and their -«ssociations exercise an un- speakable attraction, and adapt them- selves to «very change of mood in those whose lot is beside them ; this very power bf-change investing them with a sort of personal sympathy with varying emotions which is a spacial part of t heir charm. That this is indefinitely felt by the fislierfolk whose life is virtually lived upon this shining, golden-brown expanse is without doubt true, inasmuch as no inland labour or sport can tear them away from their hard fishing life ; though the runjority of these in«t pressivc North-country folk would, perhaps, hardly realize the power that holds them. Difficult, indeed, is it -to get out of them -even details of their trade and life; to talk about their daily routine would be a waste of words, which arc limited in the North ; but " yo! can cvfm iind see ony day yo' like " may be graciously suggested ! A light cart and a good pony are the best means of getting fur out cockling ; the cocklers often go ten miles in distance, creeping close with their carts after the retreating tide. Every moment is precious for their work, so as soon tis the tide has turned tho carts moy he seen flocking from Flookborough, Allith waite, Gart Lane, and Kent's Bar.'k, landing <m thc sands from their respective points, and forming a slow,; business-like-looking, little cavalcade moving in the direction of thc open sea., Thc cocklers often start wading knee: deep ; so it <is better to overtake thc little procession when there is less water to wake dilfioulties. At Catt Lane lives the "Over-sands" guide, <îeorge (Sedgwick by name, a very liecessary appendage when driving over ground j riddled with quicksands. Kc holds his office from the Duchy of Lancaster, | which allows .kim a small farm rent free, and pays -him about £30 J. year, I for which sum he is bound to cross the j sands with .any passenger in any weather. Thisarrangemcul was formerly supported by the monasteries of Furness and Cartmel, but was undertaken at their dissolution by Henry VIII. The guide's office wac it very important- one when ?" Over-sands " was the direct road from Lancaster to all this curiously cut oft' bit of Lancashire known as North Lonsdale. From Cart Lane to Heat's Bank is i>ut a few moments' drive, and here the descent aa to the sands may be made exactly at the crossing from Kent's Bank to Hest Bank, made famous by Turner and Cox, and also probably that described by Ute Emperor Agricola to Tacitus ns that of the dangerous passage of his army in 79 A.D. Thc sands are firm imd level, with just the slight wrinkles produced by the ripple of the waves, and wet as thc sea had just left then:. We skim out some four miles through two or three small channels, assured by the guide that " all is sound this side," and a wonder- ful sense of exhilaration takes hold of us, horn of the situation. The loneli- ness and beauty of the scene were indescribable, combined with a mysterious feeling which it gave one of being "neither on land or sea," knowing that we drove where, two hours earlier, there had been seventeen feet of waler, and where, a few hours later, all would again be covered by the deep. The coast, from Lancaster right up to the mouth of tho river Kent, was a deep sapphire blue, with another beautiful atmospheric blue between it and us; in the distance Ingleborough reared its head, while nearer tho fells of Meathop and the wooded slopes of Grange showed pearl-like shadows beneath a world of apple »nd cherry blossom, ¡ind all around the burnished, gleaming sand, with tlie fluke-iK'tK dotted here and there. Beyond the mere beauty of the scene (which in its deepest power must ! tunke ordinary things seem afar) did the I situation itself make one feel strangely j apart and afar from t hat lovely, homely ¡ coast, for this is no mere drive on the j beach; here «re "the depths of thc' sea." j Ont? cockle cart is roached, drawn hy | a pony which looked us if it lim] been dried in sand and salt water foi centuries ; the man, woman, ami liny attached lo it working hard to fill the cockle baskets, with sure eyes mid hands. Tho cockles ure found in beds called " cackle skeers " ; a little mark on thu sand, quite unnoticeable lo a stranger, shows thc experienced eye Hero ? just where tho shell-fish has buried ¡itself, and tho cockier, with a threri ! pronged instrument called a "cram," scrapes up the cockle shells with astonishing rapidity. The men, who j arc a strong, good-looking, dark race, ' wear, ns a rule, suitors' clothes hud waterproof liooU ; the women have bare foot, but aro allowed to drive in the carts through the channels and wettest places. A discussion followed with the I cockier on the virtues of the " crain " ! versus " jimbo," another cockling apparatus, winch those interested ia the , protection of fisheries have endeavoured ' with sonic success to get discontinued among the cocklers. This implement ' consists of planks of wood mude to work up and down, which process forces at : once a large number of cockles to the surface, though crushing, ul the same time, endless small fry. Its origin is the only interesting feature to con neel with this very short-sighted implement; it is said to have liecn suggested to the cocklers hy the rockers o' the billies' cradles, which accoinpanii .1 the working mothers in olden days, and which were observed, as they rocked, to bring large quautitics of cockles to the surface. This little incident shows how entirely lite life of these people bas been, and still is, lived upon their sandy highway ; for even Ute other day a woman, with n fort night's old baby in ber arms, said that she should never feel well till she " could get. to't cockles again 1" The guide inquired where Iii« rest of the cockle carts would be, and thu cockier shading his eyes pointed to a silver line, tho distant water's edge, on which we could sec a black streak. " They'll be there," said the man ; " there was twenty-eight -en 'em went out." The sands between us and the carts at e pronouueed perfectly sound by the cockier ; the guide, somewhat more cautious, suggests, " He'll maybe not havcTîeen out there far a week." This sounds like an absurdity, but it is a well-known fact that you may make a chart of this bay ene day, and almost before the ink is dry alteration will be necessary, for close to these changing channels are always found the quick- sands, liut the fascination of " the Sands " is upon us, and though a little caution is observed-crossing the channels, winding in and oct like serpents round Humphrey Head, all goes well, and thc silver Hue gets nearer and nearer, and the blnck cockle carts take distinct shape, with their loads of shell fish and their silent, handsome occupants. Th« seriousness and -silence- of these people ar>' very striking, as if their lives of isolation had got a hold of them which they could not -shake off; as if they were always unconsciously realizing the superior power -of Nature over human nature. Perhaps, also, their fear of a quarrel on the muds, which they super- stitiously believe scares away tho cockles, has trained them to thc safety of silence ! We ¡join the little procession, are glad to find ene fisherman somewhat more communicative than the rest, and from him we leam what a life of toil is this hazardous -employment on the shifting sands. Intensely beautiful, almost an ideal outdoor life, as it seemed on this rare spring day, the life of the cockier in autumn and winter is .one of the utmost hardship ; often he is «ut all night, and then again midday, as the tide may serve ; in mist (most éangerous of all the cocklers' enemies), itt storm und tempest, for long long hours' exposure, out they cheerfully go, fur they love the life. The sands and the sea are their iong- tried friends. Are they not the support of the living? Aw; they not often thc graves of the well-beloved dead? Our cavalcade at last leaves the sands, und bumps and jolts along a road (so called, but in reality channel hunks used as one) where one cannot but feel that every cockle must wellnigh be shaken out of its shell, till we reach the ancient village of Flookburgh (proud of its charters for fairs .'ind markets of Edward I. and Henry IV. date, ratified under Charle.-: II.), where the last part of the cockler's day is witnessed. Here thc cockles are weighed, put in sacks, and despatched, in bygone days to the nearest country niarkets.now to Preston, Manchester, and the manufacturing towns of East Lancashire and West Yorkshire. The striking eceno where the men and women dispose of their day's gatherings lias been welldescribed tu some. Lancashire sketches now out of print. " Women bronzed to a copper ¡tue, little fagged children, with hair as rough and of the colour of the liss's hide, strong, muscular-looking young men and women drenched with wet, were all crowded together with their baskets just as they had come oft'their work. They were measuring out their lots, «nd these eagerly vociferating people (for they can talk here!), their Eaces lit up with a few farthing candles, would have made un admirable picture For Terners." In 1890, when the cockling trade was the best ever known, 31C2 tons of cockles, at an average of £2 8s. per ton, went out. of the little village of Flook burgli-for such it is, notwithstanding royal chartere. No doubt now cockles arc not so much in demand ; bul no doubt, loo, the cocklers are suffering for their former wholesale use of thu destructive "jimbo " implement, for the returns of the I milo in 1893 only show a sale of 133.ri tous. Ju gund years an experienced cockier made over a pound a week, now the same man must bc content with Hs. a week. Hut lie would rallier pursue his toilsome, dangerous culling, willi its mixture of freedom and adventure on the solitary, shifting sands of Morecambe Hay, than lind employment in nu easy inland In hour. Such is his love of bis calling, that we may even believe in the refrain of (lie old song, and that sooner limn part- from it altogether, his Ghost wheels n harrow Throoirlmirei'lfl wide and narrow. Singing "Cocklesmid inuuels alive, alive, oil 1" A solid silver Imtli, worth £11)00, was u bridegroom's gift lo his bride at a recent American POtiety weddii g. 