OM n ral eaiti iiq Grabbing a Ghost. A few weeks back the Very Rev. P. Le Rennetel, S. M,, of St. Patrick's, iu announcing his lecture on Spiritual ism, said: — He would undertake to prove that the average " spirit which consents to play the comedian " when the lights are low," and the old mystic screen is in working order, has nor, ibe trade mark of any recognized Satanic agency but is simply the product of a " private still" which maybe run entirely on very small potatoes and moonshine ob tained from melons. Father Le Rennetel gave his lecture, and expressed the opinion thai the " spirit- raisers " who were fooling Syd ney folk who would be as completely exposed as all the other " mediums " had been in Australia and throughout the world. Father Le Rennetel had hot long to wait for what appears to be a fulfilment of his prophecy. The very week his lecture was delivered a bold bad man " grabbed a ghost " in the inner circle of Sydney "spiritualism," aud then the public were lot into the secret of the whole bag of tricks. The "revelations " were just what were ex pected, A woman playing the <( spook " with the usual list of " properties " — a mask, a false beard, aud " ghostly " draperies." how the ghost was captured." Mrs. Mellon had been in the habit of hold seances at the house of Dr G. W . MacCarthy, her friend and patron but the " burst up " took place at the medium's owu residence. One who was there, himself a believer iq spiritualism, has published the fol lowing account Nearly a scorce of persons were pre sent in addition to the medium, and in cluding Mr. and Mr . A. G. D." Ed- | wards, of Darlrug point, Mr. and Mrs. | Wilson (from Melbourne (five other i ladies. Mis. J. B. Mellon, T. S. Hen ry, C. L. Wallis, Hethorington, Rum- , hie, Joubert, aud Mr. Roydhouse, ed- j itor of the " Sunday Times " The 1 company were seated in two rows, those iu fr »nt forming a semi-circle extend- ; ing across the room, and the of, hers in the rem across the room, the position each sitt r being indicated by Mrs. Mellon. The medium, then entered the curtained cabinet, mil the gas was almost extinguished, Mr. MelloD, hus- j baud of the medium, taking the seat nearest the gaealier for the purpose of regulating the light. A musical box was then sat going, but after playing steadily several airs and showing no apparent intention of. leaving off, Mrs. Mellon asked from tho cabinet that it should be nloppud, which was done, and some singing was commenced. After a brief interval the "spirit" form, know as '.'Cissie," was seen in .front of the cabinet. . The whole figure excepting the little hlack face, was en veloped in white drapery, and Bhe came forward with a brisk confident move ment, kissing her hands to the sitters. She was handed a box of- chocolate when all »t once Mr. Henry, who was sitting in one of the front seats, moved forward. 1 at first thought ttiat he was merely attempting to shake bauds with " Cissie," but I heard a cry like " Oh !" repealed two or three times, and then a Bound as of a struggle Severnl of the sitters left their seats, aud asked what was' the matter. I heard Mr. Henry ask for a light. Then Mr. Mellon asked if he should turnup the gas. Borne one (probably Mrs. Mellon, who was struggling on the floor OHtside the cabinet in which she was suDDOsed to be hidden ronliod. " No," and then the gas went right out. Mr. Henry then again oalleds out " Strike a light," upon which sev eral matches weie struck, and the gas was eventually lighted . I then notioed that Mrs Mellon was still held by Mr. Henry, and that on the floor was a fancy slipper and some other small articles, including something like a piece of black silk, but tiioy were removed by someone too quickly for me to see what they were. Before a light was obtained one of the ladies saiJ, (> Mr. Mellon protect your wife," and Mr, Mellon went forward and caught hold of Henry amidst n scene of general csnfusion. In the meantime Mr. Roydhouse bad gono to tho cabinet, and iu reply to Mr. Henry stated that he had seen a black mask and false whiskers, aud bad hold of the latter. -A pair of lady's stockings were also poin ted out. The whole rcene occurred in much less time than it takes to des cribe, but it was tet mated by Mrs. Mellon retiring into the cabinet. Mil. hekry's declaration. Mr. Henry who had beeu a frequenter at Hie seances held at Dr. MacCarthy's house, laid himself out on this particular night to catch . " the ghost," A few days afterwards he made a sworn state ment, describing in detail all the incid ents of his success. This statement was pubished in the press last Friday. Mr. Wallis, who acted with Mr. Henry is planning the exposure, abo published a sworn statement supporting Mr. Hen ry's version of the capture. Mr. Henry says that he is quite pre pared to stand by the facts to which he has sworn. There was nothing at all abnormal in Mrs. Mellon's condition when he caught hold of her, and she struggled most wonderfully with all her physical strength'. He distinctly saw Mrs. Mellon snatch up some drapery and a mask off her face and place them beneath her petticoats. She was in her bare feet. He was also positive about the reality of the other mask found in the cabinet. As to the black beard similar to the full one worn by "Geor- die" (a spirit always successfully " raised " by Mrs. Melloo), and the snatch which took it away it was certain ly not the suatoh of a spirit. Mr. Hen ry also states that he found a small cot ton bag in the cabinet, in which he be lieves " spiritual properties " were carried, and which, judging by tapes fixed on it, might have been worn as a lady's bustle. mrs. mellon '' explains." Waited ou by a 44 Daily Telegraph ' reporter, Mrs. Mellon said - The moment Mr. Henry made a grab, I fell off my chair to my knees. The people in the room heard me /all and thought I had fainted- When I fell 1 seemed to shoot from the cabinet into the spiritual form of " Cessie," and practically absorb it, the consequence being that Mr. Henry, instead of gripp ing the form, had hold of my arm. When the match was struck by Mr. Wallis I was found on my knees with white drapery belong to the form over me. The drapery was quickly noticed to dissolve like vapour into the atmos phere. After Mr. Henry released me the gas was turned up and I went out again into the recess, over which the curtain had been thrown. I was im mediately followed by a couple of ladies My legs were so small and thin at this time that I was unable to rest upon theui, and sank to my knees. Mrs. Mellon went on to say that making the form of 41 Cessie," she had drawn most of the power from her own legs, adding, 41 Hence the attenuation of niy lower limbs until they become almost like sticks. The consequence of this was that my shoes aDd stockings fell off. I may say also that I was shaking all ovej." Mrs. Mellon gave an emphatic denial to the statutory statement sworn by Messrs. Henry and Wallis, that she was wearing a mask at the lime she was seized, or that she hid the mask under her dress. As to the statement that a black beard of " Geordie " and certain drapery were found in a recess into which Mr. Mellon retired, she offered the explanation that the drap ery ho doubt was that of a materialized form, but 44 you have been told," it vanished into atmosphere like vapour ; in the language of spiritualism it de- materulized. The finding of the beard supposed to bo " Geordie's," and the fact that it was snatched out of the hands of a gentleman to whom Mr. Henry handed it she absolutely denied. Dr. MacCarthy, who was present at the interview, suggested as a possiblo explanation that the gentleman took hold of the beard of a materialized spirit, before it bad dematerialized and that the process of dematera'ization was mistaken by him for some one snatching the beard out of his hand. braving it 01 t. Thus Mrs. Mellon on Monday : — Mr. Henry fa ling to produce the mask, the board, and the draperies, which he could henceforth have brand ished as the best advertisement of his feat, I uow, ou my part, declare, that, when my medical adviser permits it, I shall be prepared to give, and shall with Gud's help; give proof of my well- known materializing capacity by sitting, after previous searches, in a locked and and sealed wire or iron cage in the presence of tollable and representative witnesses. Thus Dr. MacCarthy — 44 1 do not think further newspaper controversy on our part is called for. Our convincing reply will be Mrs. Meilon's successful effort at materalizing outside a close wired or iron barbed cage, in which she will be enclosed after previous searching and that, has been been already stated, will take place before reputable wit nesses as soon as her health will per mit." 44 When do you think we may look for this test ?" aJced the press inter viewer. 14 Mrs. Mollun'a health is -at present in a very low condition, and it is there fore, impossible just now to answer that question. Bearing in mind my position in the matter on this point we must have the additional testimony of another medical man. and when Mrs. Mellon is ready we will both say so." how tub case stands. Mr. Henry, in a letter to this (Thursday's,) 44 Telegraph," says :—, An analysis of tho case amounts to this: That outof tlio .18 persons pre sent, besides Mrs. lellon, 8eveu Per" sons, all credible and unbiassed wit ness, testify to the exposure. Five persons deny it. Mr. Mellon and his | daughter, from natural bias, if nothing i else, cannot be accepted as wituesses. The remaining four persons, all spiritu- i alists, decline to make any statements, ' and prefer to remain neutral. The alti- | tudeof these four persons is significant. 