MUSIC & THE DRAMA DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. [BY TOUCHSTONE.] An excellent programme is in comrse of preparaticn for the farewell dramatic and musical entertainment to he tendered to Herr and Maldame biebert on Tuesday evening next. The vocalists will include Messrs Fred. Ferguson, R. A. M'Eachern, W. H. Savigny, and Miss Ida Cox. Mr Balfe will recite Lord Byron's stirring poem the "Eve of Waterloo," for which Herr Siebert has prepared special music for the full orchestra. The music well be indicative of the memorable ball at Brussels on the eve of the hatt ", the fight in tae distance aid gradually coming closer, the parting at friends, the call to arms, the march of the Cameron men, the march through the forest of Ardenne, the battle' of Waterloo, and the requiem for "'the unreturning brave." The poem when given with the battle music is one of the most stirring in the English language. hir Savigny will introduce an entirely new comic witty, by George Grosemith, entitled " See me Reverse." The balcony scene from " Romeo and Juliet" will be given with the incidental scenery and dresses, Mr Hammond appearing as Romeo and Mrs 0\. Balfe as Juliet. The final number on the programme will be the Ghost Scenes from " Hamlet," in character, Mr Balfe enacting the title role, Mr Hammond the Ghost, and Mrs Balfe the Queen. The scenes will include the great act between Hamlet and the Queen. For the Shake- sperian selcodt.ons Herr Siebert has ar- ranged spec'al music, which will include the ceietrated " Ghost melody." The full Orpheus Orchestral orchestra will appear. Dr. Mannington Caffyn, husband of the authoress of '* A yellow aster," is writing a drama tor miss Janet Achurch, the actress who toured Australia with the eccentricity entitled " A do, l's house." Mr W. J. Holloway opened Terry's , 'Theatre, London, on August 30 with a new farce by Lestocq and Robson, cailed " The Foundling." It is described as the best piece of its class staged icr years. Among the audience at the first nigLt of " The Foundling" were Miss Pattie Browne, Miss Ada Crossley, and Mr F. H. Vincent, Miss Pattie Browne was to have been engaged for Polly Ece'ocs in the reyival of " Caste" at the tlarrick Thestze, but Mrs Bancroft inoisted that the part should be played by an ingenue whom she herself could coach. W. S. Gilbert, the comic opera librettist, does almost the whole of his writing after midnight, and needs absolute quiet and seclusion, although he does not adopt the plan of Pierre Loti, the French Rudyard Kipling, and work in a room at the top of a high tower, reached only by means of a rope ladder, which he pulls up after him. The cast for Mr Gilbert's new comic opera, which was to be produced at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, London, on or about October 13, will include Miss Nancy M'Intosb, Miss Jessie Bond, Miss llaline Terries, Miss Jenoure, Mr George Gros- smith, Mr Rutland Barrington, Mr Le Hay, Mr Arthur Playfair, Mr Cremer, and fir G. Temple, and Mr Kenningham. " Mr A. Clifton Anderson" (says the Era), " after a two years' tour as Wilfred Denver in ' The Silver King,' will return to Australia as Messrs Williamson and Musgrove's leading man and stage ,manager, sailing from England on Septem- ber 7." Mr Alderson is the excellent actor whose Duke of Guisebery was such a notably fine performance in the production of "The Dancing Girl" at Her Majesty's three years ago. Mrs Palmer was presented with a cheque for £250 by the Mayor of Melbonrne recently as tne outcome of her benefit con- cert. M. Got has requested the administrator of the Frang 'is to allow him to give a series of performances in all the principal roles of his long career prior to his retire- ment from the stage. Miss Cissie Lof .us, whose imitations of popular actors, singers, and variety per- tormeas have been very popular with music-hall audiences for some little time past, was (it apoears from an announcement in The Times of September 1) married, on August 29, in Edinburgh, to Mr Justin Huntly M'Carthy, who is the son of Mr .Justin M'Carthy, M.P., and who himself sat in toe House of Commons for some years. Miss Loftus, whose ago is said to be seventeen, mane her first appearance at the Gaiety Theatre not very long ago, and had been porforming recently at the Palace Theatre. The marriage, it appears, was " before the Sheriff." Mrs Brough's farewell to Melbourne playgoers on the 12th inst., formed the occasion for a great display of friendly feeling on the pad of the audience, and the evening was one of recalls and flowers. Of oourse, the popular actress had to make the usual speech, which was as follows :— "Ladies and Gontlemen,— I really do not know how to thank you, or to tell you how sorry I am to be leaving you, and how delighted I shall be to see you all again. (Applause.) The main object of my visit to England is that I may have a holiday, which I feel sure will do me good, hut, of .course, if I get an opportunity of appear- ing in London-which I should very much like, as every astist would — and should make any success there, I shall owe it all to the experience which I have gained in Australia, and to the kindness and en- couragement which I have always received at your hands. I should regard it, as I hope you all would also, as the success of an Austrelian act st'.(cheers)-as I feel proud to call myself. (Great cheers.) I can only thank you again f tr all your kind- ness to me. I snail remember it wherever I may be; and now I wish you all pros- perity and happin±ess until we meet again." (Prolonged cheers.) " Too many words and too much Elton." This is how the Ausfralesicn sums up ~'Morocco Bound." "Jon that we think lies the main fault of the productioc," continues the critic. " Mr Elton is an admirable comedian, and considering that many of his most popular successes have been based entirely upon ' gag,' he may perhaps he excused for adopting that method in pre- ference to others'. But in ' Morocco Bound' there 15 altogether too much of it. At times tao audience cannot help feeling an ennui which most seriously threatens the fortunes of the play, and which prob- ably accounts for the comparative failure of the Sydney season. In the opening of the second sct, for instance, the interest ,notably flags, and it would he a great im- Provement to cut out some 15 minutes or 50ofe the dialogue,jincluding one particular Portion, which we may best describe by a quotation from one of the principal songs in the ' book':— " Well, it is a bit 'ot, oh, what I' what ? what ? It's rather warmish, aint it ? "Docrow's principle to 'cut the patter .V.Ili come to the 'oases' could never be better exemplified than in this particular produceio2; for the moment that the music-hall business is reached a complete change takes place in the manner of the audience. " Under the title of " Falstaff," a capital parody cf Verdi's opera has been produced in Paris at the Champs-Elysees circus. L'he fat knight is more corpulent than ever, but his superfluous flesh does not incon venience him, as it can be thrown off when he pleeses, and then blown out again like a balloon. A clown who impersonates Mis tress Quickly is very amusing. and a horse which finds the hero hidden in the buck. basket sets the spectators in a roar. Mr Charles Ryley appeared for the first time in Englano sitc his return from Aus - tralia at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, Birmingham, as Captain Goldfield in " A Gaiety Girl." He " made a very good impression, his vocal powers being of no oroinary character" (remarks the Era)' The baritone is only appearing with the provincial company for a fortnight to learn his par", as he sails from England with a different" Gaiety Girl Company" by the City of Berlin on September 1, opening at Daly's Theatre, New York, on September 17\. The company, which also includes Messrs Fred. Kaye, E. Bantock, and Louis Bradfield, Misses Maud Hobson, Juliette Neeville, and Decima Moore, leaves San Francisco in March, and opens the Aus- tralian season in Meibourne early in April. " In Town" will be the only other piece in the repertoire. At the close of toe tour Mr Ryley will hasten back to London to fulfil an engagement at Daly's Theatre in October, 1895. A new five-act play by Mr Haddon Chambers and Mr B. C. Stephenson, en- titled "The Fatal Card," was produced at the London Adelphi lately. It proved to be a very exciting and picturesque roman- tic drama of the typical Adelphi school ; it was received by a typical Adelphi audi- ence with great applause; and it was spoken of by the papers next morning in terms of high favour. It opens with a very effective prologue at some settlement in Colorado, where Gerald Austen, who has been driven from home by tae harshness of his father. bravely rescues George Forrester from a band of miners who have sentenced him to death in accordance with the verdict of Judge Lynch. Casting about for some taken by which he may afterwards identify his rescuer, Forrester t wars in half a card a Jack of Clubs-and hands a piece to Gerald. When the curtain rises after the prologue we find Forrester liling in great luxury with his affectionate daughter, but compelled by his needs to continue his fraudulent pursuits. Gerald does not re- cognise Forrester in the gentle and respected " Mr Marrable," and is even in love with Margaret Marrable at a time when her father is secrecly plotting with a scoundrel named Dixon to rob the elder Austen of bonds to the value of £100,000. The offices cf Mr Austen and Marrable ad- join each other, and the stage represents a section of each with the landing between them. Here the spectators see the two scoundrels on the watch, while Gerald is engaged in the angry altercation with his father, and are witnesses of the attack upon him as soon as Gerald has gone. It ends in murder by the hand of Dixon, who is impelled to the act by the tact that the old man, whom he had attempted to over power with chloroform, has recognised his features. The fatal blow is administered with a stick which Gerald has left, though suspicion is necessarily brought upon Gerald; but Margaret, in fact, has lighted on the secret of her father's guilt, and with solicitude for his escape prevails on Gerald to secrete himself in the laboratory. Here is a witness to the scene of the division of the plunder, and confronts his father's murderer and his associates. Gerald is overpowered and bound, and his captors draw lots who shall kill him. The task falls to Marrable, who places on the table a box charged with a terrible explosive, having first wound up its clockwork ap- paratus. Gerald asks only that a case cot - taining a portrait of Margaret and other relics may be taken from the breast-pocket of his coat. Thus the half of the fatal card is brought to light, and Marrable, re- cognising his deliverer, remorsefully cuts the cords. The terrible box, however, is still clicking on the table when Margaret rushes into the room, and Gerald, seizing it just as Marrable is leaving the place, hurls it through the window. A terrible r explosion follows, destroying the outer walls and killing the guilty Marrable, but as the smoke clears away the two lovers are seen safe and locked in each other's arms. Mr Terriss tcok the part of Gerald, Miss Millward that of Margaret. Mr Nichols, Mr blurray Carson (Marrable), Miss Laura Linden, Mr Purden, Mr James A5'ingdon, (Dixon), Mr Charles Fulton's Austen, Miss Vane, and Miss Sophie Lar kin are in the caste. 