INTERNATIONAL CRICKET England v. Queensland. Yesterday's Play. Heavy Sooring by Eng lishmen. Stoddart and ward to the Fore- fBr Tx.lv.oraph. I'ltOM Ul'Il SPKCtAL REPORTFR. BntSDANR, Docombor 7. Tho cricket match, Queensland v. England, was commenced on tho Association ground at Rowon Park at noon to-day. Tho weather did not promiso well, The morning broko very muggy, and warm, and when about 9 o'clock a very Heavy shower loll ovur the city tilings did not look very promising for tho match. How- over, tin- huh tthono nut directly afterwards, and it continued fiira but very warm until niter tho piny started, when Another smart shower foil and drovo tho players to seek shelter. After this tho sun again shoira out, and it remainod fine tlra wholo afternoon, Considerable interest was taken in tho match, although not to tho extent, comparatively speak- ing, umi wot mniiuuBb in loowoomus, ouJl, tho fact that it was tho first timo that tlra colony met a ropresonlativo loam liko Mr. Stoddart's on anything liko equal terms, marks an epoch iu our cricket history, and although, from present appearances, tho prospects of Outran- laud iu tho match aro by ua means bright, still it Is something to meot an Alt England Klovon on ovon terms, oven if you get beaten. At tho samo timo somo of the local cricketing enthusiasts worn sanguino this morning that tlra Queens land, or rather Brisbauo team, would givo a good account of itsolf, and when wo enmo to look at tho urau comprising it, it was but natu ral to think so. Tha Queensland toam is com posed as follows s-P. 8. M'Dannoll (Captain), who is Raid to Irava relumed to his old form, nml If so that moans ono of tha finest batsmen Australia Iras producod. Ilo was captain of tho 1883 Australian Eleven, and I well remember him on Boxing Day 188(1, playing for Now South Wniun against Victoria, rattling up 239 out of a total of 363. It was a marvellous oxhibition of hatting. Ho madu 81 runs in -16 minutes. I also rbvv Foray M'Doonoll inaka 147 against the English team in 18H2. Ho was thon only a lad who was ecarcoly out of his Icons. If Porcy can only get back to his old form — woll you know what to uxpnet. Then thoro is W. Bradley, who is a daHhing batsman, and Iras raado Bovoral centuries in Club cricket, W. McGllnchy, who is a flno bat and good bowler, Prarco, formerly tlra crack slow break bowler of Sydnoy, Hitchcock, who is accounted ono of tho finest wicket- keepers in tlra colonies, Ho&ro.a; grand bowler and stoady bat. " Ilobbio " Uaoaonald, who stone walls liko Allele Baimurman and Barlow usod to, and swears by Gutra, tho crack Nottingham batsman, Carlton, at ono tirao tho crack bowlor of North Melbourne, Drapo, ono of the finest batauiou North Molbourno lias producod, Free man, a dashing batsman, and last but not least Conninghnm. our own "Conny" as ho is familiarly called, who was in tho last Australian Etoven. Tho Queensland team is composod of Avn nv.Nni Hmitli Witlita nlkvnra. four nx.Vin. lorians, and only two native Queetislandcrs. all roddnnt in Brisbane, and practically niuo ouc of tlra eleven belong to otiu club. Previous to the commencement of tlra matah to-day tho Englfahmun wero formally woloomod by tho Criukct Association. Tlra Attorney- General presided, and inado a neat spooch to which Mr. Stoddart mado a sultablo rosponso. Tho match commoncod shortly after noon. Tho nttandnncn was not very largo at this juncture, but it inoroasud as tlra aftornoon woro on. Thu pitch wan in fino ordor, and tho out fioid very good. Humphreys and Gay stand out of tlra English team, ana much rogrot was oxprnssed tlml (ho famous lob bowtor's qualities with tlra bnll oould not bo scon. Stoduart won Use toss from Porcy MoDonnoll and decidod to bat, Lockwood and Ward opening at 12.25 p.m. to the bowling of Conningham and Carlton. "Conny" opened to Ward, and tho first ovor proved a maiden. Carlton bowlod from tho othorond,nnd afao commoncod with amaidou to Lockwood. Ward and Lookwood both drovo Conningham to tho off for a single, and Ward cut lira iaot ball of tlra over nlcoly for another single. Ward got a singlo off Carlton's socond over, and 2 runs wero added to tho score off Conuinglrain'e next. Ward hit Carlton to leg for 4, and hit Cunningham for 2. In tho noxt ovor Lookwood drovo him to tho off (or 4. Tlra saiuo batsman placed Conningham in tha slips fur two 4'e in Buccossion. " Conny " bowlod a beauty as tlra Inst of tho over and Lock- took it amid npnlauso. 1 — 14—25. Stoddart joined Ward, ami commoncod by driving Con- uiuglmm beautifully to tho off for a Mnglo, Free man letting tlra ball pass through his hands, but 1 doubt whether it was possiblo to hold it. Uo put tlra next bail from Carlton to tho on for 2, following it up with a hard drivo to tho boun dary for 4. Tlra next ovor ho cut tho samo bowlur beautifully fur 2, and following it up Bllppod ono from Conniugliam for 4. Ward ob tained a couplu of singles off Carlton, and later on ho drovo Conuinghain for 2, u similar num ber being obtainod for tbo ovarthrow. At -17 Pierto roliovod Conningham, and two sini.le were obtainod off tho ovor. Stoddart placed Carlton to log for 2, and Ward cut Piorco for 3. Runs camo slowly for a timo, when Ward got Pierce away in tho slips for 2. At 68 M'OIinchy relived Carlton, and oponcd with a maiden to Wrd. Cotminglmm relieved Piorco, and after Ward had scored a singlo an adjournment for lunch was mado, tlra score standing at GO (or ono wicket. I may state that at 1260 p.m. thoro was a cessation of play for u few minutes on account of a heavy shower. On resuming at 2'25 p.m. tho woathor wob beautifully fine, and tlra attondanoo soon in- crasBDd to 3000. Btoddsrt and Ward resumed batting, and soon got set, and treating all tho bowlors with marhod disrespect, porhans the finest oxhibition of batting ovor soen in Queens land ouBued. Various changes of bowling woro tried but all to no oflcct. Conningham was par ticularly punished, mid so woro Carlton and Piorco. Carlton socmod ratbor erratic in his deliveries, and during tho aftornoon boiiI down no less tlrao flvo widos. MoGlinchy bowlod by far thu best, but boforo Ward mado 40 iio ought havo caught him off ono of his owp deliveries, whioh tho Lancashire man drove back ovor tho bowlur's head. Ward also gavo a chance to BfoDonnoll, but neither chsnoo was easy. His batting was oiogant, his wrist action being particularly at- traclivo. But Btoddart'a batting was tho treat. Ilo did not givo tho ghost of a ohanao. Af tor ho passed 80 ho hit 12 off threo successive balls, At tho adjournment for tea at 4 o'clock Stoddart was 106 (not out) and Ward 89. Tho attendance was now 6000, and inoludod Lady Norman and Miss Graco Norman. On resuming at 4'16 p.m., tho mag nificent oxhibition of batting was con tinued by Stoddart and Ward, and lira ssoro still oontinuod to movo rapidly. Tho bowling seemed good, and tho fielding of thn Queensland takon all round was magnificent, but etUl thu scorers ware kopt busy. At length Btoddart'a timo camo, Whon ho had mado 149 ho slipped ono of BIcGUnchy's, and Mick Piorco brouglit off a splendid catch. Deafening ap- plauso grootcd tlra return of tho champion bats man, who gavo the grandost oxhibition of sclou- tlilo cricket that ho lias yet givon in Australia. Whilo compiling his 119 ho did not give tho shadow of a cliinco. Inoludod in bin score wcro ono six, throo fives, and 19 4's. Tho partnership put on over 210 runs. Ward was given out log boforo to M'Glmchy. Brown and Brockwoll followed, but after making 31 in careful stylo. Rrowuput onoof BI'Gtinchy s into McDonnoll s hands. McLaren played out timo with Brockwoll, tho score staodiug at 4 wickets for 864. Appended aro tho scores t— Enmand,— First Innings. Lookwood, e. Carlton, b. Conningham . . 14 Word, l.b.w., I). M'OUnoliy 107 Brown, c. Bl'Dounoll, b. M'Glinolty 34 Hloddart, c. Piorco, b. Bl'Glinchy .. .. 140 Brookwoll. not out 01 McLaren, not out « Jr 16 Total for d wlokots . . . . » 304 M'Glinchy, 8 wiabets for 00 runs. Conningham, 1 wickot for 105 runs. Piorco O wlckots for 84 runs. Carlton, 0 wickets for 66 runs. Iloato, 0 wickets for 35 runt. The Englishmen Iravo boon backed to mako over 500. 