VIRGIN. By GEORGE MANYILLE EEUN, A nth >r of "Blaok Blood," "The Master of! th > Ceremonies," " This Man's Wife,"1"Eli's Onildren," fees., &o.; . [Eabllahed by apeoial arrangements 'With the-Authoc. All rights reserved.] Chafteb XXL—{Continued.) "Confound it! theze must be someonai about," Baid the major angrily. "There, there; don't turn white like that." "No, no, don't, don't go," whispered Dinah, olinging to him. " Not go 1 . Why, you little coward, I mush; go. Where's my stick? It's one ot thosa mining scamps." Dinah shuddered. " After eggs or chickens for-a sovereign." " Don't—don't go, father," whispered Dinah.', hoarsely, a3 Brie clung to him tightly. "Not go? Why what has come to you, Dinah? This will not do, little one. I have only to hurry out and soare anyone who is. there into fit3. Guilty conscience, you know."" She stared at him wildly. • _ " Why, my darling, I thought you were get ting over this nervousness,'' he said tenderly. "You used not to be like this. Well, I will not go; but I must do something to scare him, whoever it is." She made no answer, bnt clung to him half fainting, and he helped her to a chair, notioing the while that she was gazing excitedly towards the open window. The dog was silent now, bnt as the major went to the window and shouted a few words to it it responded with a sharp, clear bark or i two and its master returned. - I '' Soared' away without my help," said the major, coming back again and speaking lightly. "Come, come, this will not do! I shall have to tell Heed what a little coward yon have grown. Why yon look as if yon had seen a> ghost. It's all right now. Whoever it was has gone, or the dog would not have calmed down. Nothing stolen this time, I'll venture swear. There," he cried as he shut - the window and cSosed the shutters before tnrning to where Dinah sat fighting hard to be calm and noticing that - she uttered a sigh as if of relief, "if yon turn like this, my dear, I shall begin to think that; we are living in a lonely spot too seolnded for4 yon and look out for a place in town." " No, no, I'm better now," she said with a 1 sigh of relief. "Of course you are, my dear. There's at sturdy protector, too, for us now, eh? There,1 there," he cried, bending down to kiaa her.. " Go to bed; you're a bit overdone, my darling} this has been an exciting evenings-enough to upset anyone's nerves. I'm off my balances too. First, I have had to deal with ona marauder who comes to steal my little ewe5 ; lamb and I get rid of him to be permitted to-' keep her a little longer; and then comes, another would-be thief. Dinah, my darling-5 ohild," he cried as she rose to fling herself intod his arms and cling to him more agitated and j overcome than ever. "There, there, I mustr? play doctor. Dose for soothing the nerves—-' eight hours' sound sleep. The medicine to .be - taken instantly. Off with you. Good night."' Dinah passionately returned his embrace*: and hurried to her. room, but not to sleep., The nervous excitement kept her wakeful5 hour after hour, with the intense'longing to> shelter herself in her lover's arms ; and all the time a fierce lurid pair of eyes Beemed to be; watching her, and as plainly as if the words: had been spoken by her ear she; heard a rough deep voice whispering, " It's no use, little one. No one is coming betwixt ns two." , As she lay in her bed, too, she fancied she could hear the man's firm step patrolling the paths about the plaoe. , : But Michael Sturgess was a couple of miled. away, though he had been down to the cottage and so olose that he could look in and see that his ehief was not there still. For there were bounds to the man's patient doggedness and he had grown wearied out at last, when Olive Reed had taken a short cut over the mountain^ home and did not return by the spoil bank and the sb elf-like path. Still Dinah Gordon oould not know this as she lay .there, torn by the mental fever whioh made her temples throb. . Loved—loved by one who idolised her and who had made her heart awaken and tmfold to . the true meaning of: the great passion of : human life. He loved her as she loved him and she had let him press her in bis arms; she had thrilled beneath his kisses and all aa in a dream of joy and delight. Safe, too, with him near to cherish and protect. " Then he had left her and the old cloud of horror and' dread had come baok, and with it the still 5 Bmall voice of consoienoe put of the darkness of her heart. Ought she not to have spoken I Ought she not to have whispered to her father, or failing him, to have confided im : their old servant—the only woman near—th» terror of that day, and how she had been haunted since? Always the same reply as her woman's heart: rebelled and shrank from the confession. How could she ? She dared not. She would sooner -, have died than made the avowal, while there before her, looming up, the precursors of s* storm, were the blaok clouds of the future, and Miohael Sturgess's words vibrating alwayaun her ears. , . 