Sporting Topics ' .OM h»e B el & jKMkill ; Ihe.hpto ihe crresudeuoe wliioh.' Wasfofwirdedtotfiey.R.G. byl&Xwjf; B. daric tq support his ftllegataon ;4bat- Mc. XT. r F. Dakin Lad unfoiriy handi .capped lus aoraes . Air. D Alon e xepiy ib sdsb .given jucTfdlL 7 \ % , . a Fas io-Jsy's Epsom Baclng Club's Welter t Handicap Orpheus, Orestes aad Slack Flag have been scratched. At a shooting of ft sub-committee ofthe V.B.C. , held yeeterda several jockeys received; licenses to ride. Among the number were J. Uafson and J, Fioo& Some, good odyioe was tendered them from the committed before, their licenses were granted. . . A meeting oi the pnblie works com mittee of tbe Fleinington Borough Connoil mot the works committee of the V.R.C., re admission of the ratepayers to the racecourse yeBterday. It was sag- . gested that permits from the councillors, of Flemington might be honored, and (he sub-committeB arranged to recommend this course to the full committee of (he Y.R.C. At (he Sandown Park races on Thurs day next the competitors in. the Spring' Vale Plate and Purse, a divided handicap, and the folljpg Race, will be ' started by tbe Excelsior starting machine. On Monday next, the 26th inst., the gates, booths, and other privileges at the V.R.C. Antnmn meeting will be offered by public auction at Kirk's bazaar, at 12 noon. F&ou; Pakenham comes (he distressing . news (bat Mr. F. W. Johnston, a local . tradesman, wbo also acted as secretary to the Race Club, has been accidentally killed by being shot. It seems that the deceased and H. Walton, a baker, were out rabbit shooting, and Walton was standing on a log which rolled. By some means or other (he gun went off, and shot Johnston in the region of the heart. He lived for less than an hour, but never snokfi. The deceased has left a wife and family of five young children. At the Colac Turf Club races every bookmaker who wishes to do business on the course will be required to lodge £25 in cash with the secretary before the races commence. It would appear that tbe rumor which was all around the city last week that Carnage was lame is unfounded. Mr. W. R. Wilson, the respected owner of the Australian Cup favorite, saw the Bon of Mersey at work last Thursday evening, and after a gallop the colt was quite sound. On Tuesday last, writes our corres pondent, tbe committee of the Sydney Turf Club, at their meeting, had under consideration the programme for their two days' race meeting to take place in May next, and adjourned it to give three of their number the opportunity to report on the advisablencss of including a divided race of 1500 boys on the lines drawn up some monthB ago by Mr. T. S. P.liViHnm. The idmt is to ran a race in two divisions, the first three in each division to run off in a race to he called "The Finish," the then owners ofthe placed horses to be bound down, in a manner to be decided later on, to compete in that event. Mr. Clibborn'e proposal, which appears to be a good one, and thus, at least, worthy of a trial, is that after the declaration of the laBt forfeit the names of the horses remaining in _ shall be drawn from a box into two divisions as equally as possible. They shall be raced on the first day of the meeting, the owner of the winning horse in each division receiving 850 sovs and one-fifth of the sweepstakes, the owner of the second 100 eove, and the owner of the third 50 sovs from the stake. On the second day the placed horses in the two divisions shall meet in "The Finish," and run at their original handicaps with out further subscription. The owner of , the first horse in 41 Tbe Finish " will receive 800 sovs and three-fifths of the sweep, the owner of the second horse X25 sovs, and the owner of the third 75 sovs. The distance is to be a mile in each case, and should the Sydney Turf Club decide upon giving the divided race a trial, and it is fully expected they will, it is confidently anticipated that the entry will be a bumper. The innovation has a strong recommendation in the induce ment it holds out to horses to run into a place at each start. To the 1500 sovs there is to be added a sweepstake of 10 sovs each from starters, and the first forfeit will be one sovereign. On Thursday next Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. will sell at Bairnsdale the follow ing brood mares Affectation, Gossip, Otago, Tainui, Touchit, Stealth, Com merce, My Lady, Rosette, Chiffon, and Chatterbox. On behalf of other owners several thoroughbred mares and horseB will be submitted at the same time. Yesterday at Phair's Hotel a starting gate was on view. This latest pro duction has been patented by Messrs. H. Krone and Sons for Mr. A. F. Rout, who is well-known to most habitues of the outside meetings. The framework is very light, and the action of a crank lever arm causes the framework to move away from the horees instantaneously. The pressing of a button in one of theuprights as the framework moves causes a gong to sound, and 6tartsthe clock in the judge's box. The cost of Mr. Rout's machine is about £15, and it is claimed for it that it can be more easily shifted from one place to another (ban any of the machines yet shown. day. three of. the einidhM dh business outride at the ny Jnefetfogs charged with domg'to dOlYwces.Tbe nsmee ofthe vere Albert fiymohds, YVoncas ; KufiinB, ; ohdp&mel; Hunter. Hunter andSymonds ware .each fined fis. nr three "days' im- prisomnjEoit. ;VThe application of Molliha .tiU to-morxow to', enableltixh to engage oounsel was granted, bail fixedlm ;i25. = . "> j \- "On M6nd»y9hefilh tof Messrs. Ymile ahd-Co. will Jiold their ennusl eale of yearlings 'at 4heir yards, -Remn&rket;, at' one Stfelobk. cben the following will be submitted On account of Messrs. Miller, SO yearlings,- by Boolka, Glorious, Grandrire, and Fiyingpan. On account of Mr. Alex. Smith hyHseutoheon, '80011x1611,' Tester, Keto ®efcb, -and Swivelier.and three two and three > year olds, , by - 1 Sheet Anchor and Trenton. ;Twentyyeariing8,by "Keekers- gat, Gang Forward,- Hautilus, Aldival- loch, and Remus/ wiR eOmprioe Sir Thomas Elder's draft, an3/dn %«ount Mr. J; H. Aidridge, five 'aarimgs, by Carlyon, will be dfered. ontaecount of Mr. J. V- Smith, -nine yeoriibgSi by Donlop and Progress. On ftbeount of Mr. J. C. Inglis, XI yeariinga. by Msdua. Onareount of the Hon. D. 8. %9«llace; 14 yearlings, by Mentor, Enfilade, Calma, and Jacinth, - On Account of Mr. H. D. Griffiths, seven yearlings, by Jacinth, and eight yearlings, by Escutcheon, Caramut, and Chatter, and three two. year-olds, by Sheet Anchor, on Mr. D. H. Hill's account. On , tbfe fol lowing "Wednesday, (he 7thHbarcb, the same firm will offer Mr. W R. Wilson's St. Albans-bried yearlings at the Agricultural Show Grounds, Flem ington, and after they are disposed of Mr. Win. Robertson, of Tnrretfield, South Australia, wfil send a draft into (he ring.- . A Sydney exchange states :—" Appli cation was recently made to tbe A.J.C. ; by a .provincial club to have the names of a horse and his owner placed on the forfeit list. It appears that the horse in question was entered for a certain race trad not scratched, though he did not run. The entrance fee had not been paid, and at a meeting of the stewards a fine of £1U was imposed on the owner, and the A.J.C. was asked to place the names on the list for that sum, and £1, the amount of the entrance fee. The A.J.C. authorities declined, however, giving as their reason that, no fee having been paid, the entry, under rule 22, was invalid. This should be carefolly noted by racing clubs." The Fourth Challenge Stakes, of 1000 bovs, to be run at the Autumn meeting (1896; of tbe Canterbury (N.Z.) Jockey Club, closed with 73 entries a few days ago. Of that number, Mr. ,T. D. Ormond is responsible for 5, Mr. G. G. Stead 6, Mr. T. Motrin 28, Sir G. Clifford 4, Mr. F. N. George 4, and Mr. L. D. Nathan 8. Mr. Motrin's nominations are made up of 10 by Castor, 8 by St. Leger, 5 by Cuirassier, 7 by Hotonkiss, and one each by Tasman, Medallion, and Rsdames. Owing to the recent lawsuit, the condi tions of (he Challenge Stakes have been altered to read thus: — 11 Fourth Chal lenge Stakes, of 1000 sovs; owner of second horse to receive 100 sovs, and motiai ftf oavfl (mm (ha atfllfa. Weight for age, with penalties trad allowances. Seven furlongB." The weights for the Ararat Cup and other races to be run on tbe I4thand 15th prox. have been declared by Mr. Hodgette. In tbe principal event Mirnee heads the list with 9st lib, Cressy coming next with 8st 131b opposite her name. Mentoke races were favored with fine weather and a fair attendance;? Tues day. The Trial StakeB was 'fron by a Frying Pan colt, Damper, in good style. Capstan proved the best of "good goods" for the Welter Handicap. The Steepleohsae was won by Nooroo. Wilton won the Flying Handicap. Fusee won the Disposal Stakes. In tbe Mentone Handicap Ruth ran in a winner from Glen Dhu. MR. SAM ALLEN writes us under date 19th January that " he will be home " about ten days after we receive hie letter. He will come back full of in teresting information regarding racing in India in general and that of Australian homes in particular. To-morrow the Richmond Polo Ground will he the arena for a match between tbe Melbourne and Werribee clubs. Mr. H. M. Hearne, the secretary of the Colac Turf Club, inviteB the atten tion of horse owners to the programme, published elsewhere, ofthe annua! meet ing to be held at Colac on Thursday, 15th March. The Colac Handicap, of 60 sovs ; Trial Stakes, of 20 bovs ; Handicap Hurdle Race, of 30 sovs ; Pony Race, of 10 sovs ; Handicap Trot, of 15 sovs; and Grand Stand Handicap, of 20 sovs, should induce some good entries. Tuesday, the 27th inct.< is the latest date for receiving entries. There is now on view at Messrs. Kil- patrick's jewellery establishment, Collins- street, the handsome and valuable cup presented by Lady Hopetoun to the Mel bourne Polo Club for competition at their forthcoming tournament. The Cup is mounted on a solid blackwood stem, on which are fixed silver shields on which to inscribe the names of (he winning teams. Things " racy " must be in a bad way up in Queensland, for says " Rattier," in the course of conversation with Mr. Herbert Hunter, he informed me that he had qoite made up his mind to retire from the ranks of Queensland racehorse- owners as speedily as possible. With this end in view he recently handed in bis resignation as a member of the Q.T.C. committee, but at the urgent request of the other members he recon sidered the matter and determined to remain on the counoti a little longer — probably till the end of the club's financial year. This decision on the part of another of our best racing supporters brings home to us more forcibly to what an extent our Turf interests have deteriorated ; yet it is hardly surprising Beeing how little encouragement the present condition of affairs holds out to owners to keep up the expenses of training stables. We shall soon reach tbe end of the Jihe if we go on as at present; and then when things are at their very worst perhaps we may look for a change. On Tuesday last, at the Collingwood Court, James Tonini was charged with assisting in conducting a common gaming house. The accused, who re ceived an excellent character from the police, was let off with a fine of £5, with £ 2 2s. costs, while the sixteen othere who were found on the premises were fined 5s. each and Is. costs. -2i&\- S/UTOEta'tott hiS -JtiiWMitorixVforenMrteiii reining, :iiuilcBd: at JBedonji,' |» jje8tan«jp«>W Lisa!;-: ;the 'i lattof'B toBeyeMdia iieer in Mr. Samuels will have , no 'more of the ton of Marvellous and Gertrude. A Brisbane exchange of the 12th inst. says: — A f" named O'Brien, who is said to be a trainer "of racehorsee, was charged at the Mitchell Pblice fioort recently with having forged a telegram purporting to have been signed by Mr. John Holland, secretary of (be Mitchell Race Club, and addressed to Mr. W. Richardson, bandicapper to the Queens land Turf ' Glob, aud who had been appointed by (he Mitchell Race Club to handicap for their Christmas meeting, requesting him .not to put over 8st 101b as top weight, aod'to come down to Cst, as tbe committee wanted all the horses to accept, the club wanted money, aud owners did not like big weights. The prosecu- tion foiled to bring the charge home to the accused, who was discharged. ' This is not (writes "Battier") by any means a new dodge in trying to keep the weights down so that a good home might be able to carry everything before him, but, fortunately, it seldom works, as b an di cappers, as a rule, are too 'cute to take any notice of communications of the kind, even if they are Bent by Taring club officials. In this case the telegram did not ' reach Mr. Richardson, as the manager in charge of the Electric Telegraph Office at Mitchell recognised that the . hand writing was not Mr. Holland's'. At the Loch Races, held last Wednes day, a rather eevere accident befel Mr. J. Hogan in the Hurdle Race. He was riding Virgil, who strack a hurdle and came down on his knees, and Ormonde, following in bis wake, struck him and knocked him to the earth, injuring the animal's spine so severely that recovery was hopeless, and the aid of a' bullet finished his anguish. -Hogan was found to have his collar-bone fractured. ££The MaribyrnoDg meeting was held at Moonee Valley on Saturday, and, although tho racing was fairly interesting, each event, with the exception of the Selling Hurdle Race, was won with such ease that tbe races really resolved them- selves intq processions at the finish. Charon, a son of the defunct Sheet Anchor, led off by winning the Two and Three-Year-Old Handicap. Fright just managed to outlast Gr&ngeburn; in the Selling Hurdle Race. Then the Western District horse, Erl King, ran right away with tbe Cocoanut Handicap, never giving one of his opponents a ghost of a chance, although at least half a dozen were each heavily backed. Guide ex perienced no difficulty in winning the pony race from Cherry Girl, who carried most money. May Day, with odds of 6 to 4 laid on her for tbe Selling Race, in dulged Fusee with tbe lead until well into the straight, when the mare came through and won by a length. On being submitted to auction she was bought in for £100. The last race of the day — the Fishhook Handicap — resulted in a great surprise, as the Adelaide gelding, King- bolt, against whom £100 to £5 was laid, won, with a trifle to spare, from John S., thus winding up an afternoon's racing unusually disastrous to backers. Ok the 14th of March tbe Bookie Race Olnb meeting will take place. Mr. W. Caliender, the hon. secretary, publishes the programme in another portion of this issue. Entries on the 1st of March at 8 p.m. The Nathalia Turf Club races will take place on Easter Monday, when the several events, as advertised in another column, will be ran off Entries for the principal events will be received on the 14th prox. by tbe hon. secretary, Mr. H. Gilford. The programme of the S.A. Tatter- sall's Club Autumn meeting, to be held on the 31st March, appears in another column. The club has gone in for re trenchment ; it gives in stakes £655 for six races. The Hurdle Race, of £100, and the Cup, of £200, may induce some owners from this side to nominate the horses they will be sending over for the Onkaparinga meeting, as the races take Slace on the Saturday following Easter londay. Mr. J. Moorhouse, the secre tary, will receive entries up to 4 p.m. on the I5tb March, and the handicaps will appear on the 27th prox; acceptances are due before 4 p.m. on the 29th. We have received tbe lataBt edition of " Centaur's Index," which contains the performances of the horses engaged in the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup up to the 29th ult. T. Bowen, who was for a considerable , time in the employ of Mr. P. T. Hey- wood, is now private trainer to Mr. James Mitchell. Last week he brought Defiance, Cremorne's brother, down from Wagga to Mordialloc, where tbe son of Glorious and Nea will he wound up for tbe Newmarket Handicap; in which he !b engaged at 7st 71b. There are few old " sports " better known in Australia than " Charlie" Inman, who in tbe old days was associ ated with Jem Mace, and who of late years has been registered by the V.R.C. as a paddock bookmaker. Mr. Inman announces elsewhere that he has taken the Prince of Wales Hotel in Bourke- etreet, aud as he has determined to vend only the best brands of wines and spirits, and has six bare well stocked, he has made ample provision for the patronage of all sporting friends. The secretary of the Elmhurst Turf Club advertises in another column that the next races will be held on the 12th prox. On the 17th of March the Muckatah Turf Club meeting is set down for derision. The programme will be found in another column. Entries for the Muckatah Handicap, of 25 sovs, Hurdle Race, of 15 sovs, Bt. Patrick's Day Handicap, of 10 bovs, and tbe Trot, of 7 sovs, dose with the hon. secretary, Mr. L. E. Mannix, on tbe 2nd prox. General entries and acceptances close on the IQtb. Fbom Mr. A. O. Whitington, the secre tary of the S.A.J.C., we have received, in very neatly got up book form, the club's programme for the Autumn meeting to bo held in April. The nominations received to date are also included. Ok the 24th of March the EUhazn Racing Club will bold a meeting, par- ticulars of which Mr. J. P. Coleman, (he secretary, states will appear at a later period. J. T/ MulUgMv'liM' foarhp uofinRhhtpirpmmfftvante jto X7sn Marchl, blab ti'tn'sibn up&iOip;$£'. d&tt.; . HwdiojM 4rill appear on the lBfh nrox.,si>a «eoe£tuices &re; dne at scale. Foll partioiilars will be fahnd .in our ad- TertuiBg solnmne. We faave to 'acknowledge 'the receipt x>f the "Weettrn Australian Bacing Calendar ' for the current month. The Eeiang Turf Clnb's annnal meet ing has been fixed for the 14th of March, and Mr. J. Coleman, the secretary, has framed a neat little programme for it, Night of general entry, 10th March. Bookmakers not' members of tbe Victorian Clob or Bowes' Tattereall'e will have to pnt np a sum of £26 with the secretary before bring allowed to transact business. Tbsinebs and owners are reminded that nominations for the principal events of the Mnrkateh Tort Olnb redes, to be ran on St. Patrick's Day, close with the hon. secretary, Mr. L. E. Mannix; on Friday week, the 2nd March. The Qlenlyon Annnal Races take place on Wednesday, 7th March. Tbe pro gramme will be found in oar advertising columns. Entries for the principal events close on Wednesday, the 20th met., and the night of general entry is tbe 6th of March. ' ST. PATRICK'S DAY will be celebrated at Thomastown by a race meeting to be held on Mr. M'Coy's racecourse. Six events ars included in the programme, which should induce good entries from local owners. Special attention is drawn to the fact that no entry will be taken without tbe money, The secretary of the Newstead Jockey Club, Mr. J. C. House, publishes in another column the bill of fare for the annual race meeting, to he held on Wednesday, the 21st of March. The principal event is the Newstead Handi- cap, of 30 sovs, entries for which, and all the other races, close at the Crown Hotel, Newstead, or at the secretary's residence, Sandon, on the 9th prox. Handicaps, framed by Mr. W. E. Dakin, will appear on the 17th, and general entries and acceptances are due on the 20th prox. Ok Easter Monday, the 26th prox., the Beechworth Baring Clnb meeting will eventnate. In another portion of thiB issue Mr. George Dennett, tho hon. secre tary, has canaed to be published the pro gramme, and a very inviting one it is. Entries for the principal events close with the secretary on the 15th prox., and the handicaps framed by Mr. Dakin will ap pear on the 20th. General entries and acceptances close on the 24th prox. Feoh the mail jnst to hand from Hew Zealand we learn that Mr. D. O'Brien has instructed his solicitors to take the Challenge Stakes case to a Supreme Court. 