The New Bishop oi Grafton and Arinidale. one of the foremost i'ulitt orators. The Eev. A. V. Green, M.A., LL.D., the newly appointed Bishop of Grafton and Armi. dale, preached at St. Andrew's Cathedral on Sunday morning. There was a crowded c'ongre- gntion. Amongst others present were Sir Robert Duff, and Miss Duff, Lord Kintore (Governor of South Australia), and Admiral Bowden-Smith. - The Bermon was short, and vigorous, and practical. Dr. Green's delivery, though some what rapid, is remarkably clear and pleasing, and the See of Grafton and Armidale has (says the Daily Telegraph) the honor of having at its head one of the foremost pulpit orators in Aus tralia. Bishop Green based his discourse on the reply of Christ to Nicodemus — "The wind blowelb where it listeth, and thou hearest "tho sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it coineth and whither it eoeth. So is everyoue that is born of the Spirit." It was scarcely remarkable, ho said, that the Lord should typify the work of His Holy Spirit by the wind. In many languages the expression by which men denoted tho Spirit of God was akin to the word breath or wind. After touching on the widespread connection between the two ideas, "lite Spirit and the wind," and illustrating their meaning in each case, he showed how the mysterious origin and course of the winds, their whence, their whither their infinite diversity of force and of current were very naturally taken by the Lord as a symbol of the variety of operation which charac terised the Spirit'B work. Continuing, Dr. Green said : — variety of methods. Its variety of operation. How many of us re alise this ? I am not at all sure but that there is truth to-day in that view ef the Spirit's work which apparently led the old Hebrew writer to speak of a clever workman because he was a clever workman, as a man "filled with the Spirit of God." Even when we have made allowance for a man's inherited qualities and bis physical powers, and the size of his braiu and so od, it still remains true that to be in the best Bense a skilful mechanic, or a clever doctor, or lawyer, or a great writer or speaker, or a ruler of men, the man must have something in him of the in spiration. of God's Holy Spirit. But putting that aside, still I say how few of us realise even in religious matters the magnificence of the breadth of the variety wherewith the Holy Spirit works. Sometimes people say, as if it were quite a difficulty to those who hold our religious position. "Just look what wonderful results are brought about in religious bodies outside what you call the historic Catholic Church, and by means how widely differing from your own." Of course it is so, and we ought to be very thankful it is so, and blesB and praise God that the arm of His power and the invigoration of His Spirit are felt even where we may fail to recognise a duly accredited commission. A man who thinks that-the Spirit of God works ouly in one communion, or by one set of methods, itas yet his A B C to learn in the school of Almighty God. Whence came that marvellous influence which attended the preaching of Wesley and of Whitfield four generations ago, when I. quote the words of an agnostic historian) there was aroused "in great masses of men an enthusiasm of piety which was hardly surpassed in the first days of Christianity ?" Whence comes to-day the self- devotion which nerves the so -styled " officers" of the Salvation Army to fling them selves upon the homes and haunts of vice, and to endure the coarsest jeers aud ridicule, if by chance they may pluck but one brand from the burning— whence is this but from the Spirit of God? The methods are not our methods, the meaus are not our means. For us the Spirit of Godg is discerned, not in the earthquake, or iu the tempest, or in the fire, but in the still small voice of a more refined religious system, and in methods of operation less erratic, more sober, staid and certain. But we cannot, we dare not limit the working of the Spirit — whether it be the conversion breaking down the hardened soul' as in one moment, or the steady quiet growth of a godly life thne. The impetuosity of a Peter, or the thoughtful intuition of a John, the rugged earnestness of a street preacher, or the oultared accents of the scholar— how shall we deny to any of these the Spirit of God ? Again I say we dare not. the future of the english church. We can see the effects of the wind, and so can we tho effects of the Holy Spirit. It is not all mystery. How can we say the Divine Spirit is with men In whose midst, morally speaking, is neither life, nor vigor, nor freshness, nor purity, nor power ? How, on the other hand, can we fail to take heart and go on where those things are present ? And that is why I, for one, am full of confidence for the future of the English Church. Have we not, in these days, some right to say that God is with us ; that he has poured forth his spirit upon the ancient Church which for 13 centuries haB been for the vast majority of Englishmen the expression of their religious consciousness. When the history of the nine teenth century csmes to be written, few things will be more remarkable in it than the new life which, from east to west and north to south, has been poured oat upon the English Church. Fairer in her worship, more earnest in her devo tions, more eager in her missions, more self- denying iu ber labors for the sick and the poor, fighting with daily augmented zeal against the curse of drunkenness, of social selfishness, of lax morality. How can we fail to recognise in this the presence with us, as a church, of the Holy Spirit ? I say as a church ; and on Whit Sunday it is right and proper to speak of the Church and her life. a mysterious strengthening power. Concluding, Bishop Green said . " Life is too varied to make it possible for us to do more than say that the work of the Spirit in the individual life is seen in an exalted nature and consecrated human capacity. There are moments which come to us sometimes, ail uuexpected, when it seems that we can do no more, brave no more, or suffer no more. And then there steals upon us a mysterious strengthening power,- and we do and suffer as we never could have dared to hope ; our powers Boem to have been lifted to a loftier plane. As our day, so our strength iB. And whence comes this? From Him who is rightly named the Comforter, the Strengthened The Strengthener to hear hardships, the Stren gthener to plan and execute hold floods, tho Strenytlsenor 1 to do one's duty— tho exaltation of human cays- cities. Not long ago a mutiny broito out in a great' Canadian convict establishment. Over- powering the guards, the mutineers obtained possession of the interior of the prison. The warden they bad captured, and holding him bound before them they moved on, armed with pistols, to force the outer prison gates. On the wall were nine gttardB, with rifles ; yet, should thoy fire, the warden's life was iu deadly peril. Then cried the warden, 'Never mind me, men, fire away and do your duty.' The guards hesi tated. The warden repeated bis command, and the firing began. Sixteen couvicts fell in the deadly struggle ; the rest threw down their arms and surrendered ; but the gallant warden fell, pierced with many bullets, and he gave bis life to do his duty. Now, I say this, that the reso lution, the inspiration iu the sudden crisis, the power to do Buch a deed as that comc-e straight from tho Holy Ghost — the Comforter. When a man can deliberately perform so splendid an act of self sacrifice rather than forgo his duty, his powers, whether he knows it or whether he does not, are quickened by the influence of the Divine Spirit of God. Thank God He has not taken His Holy Spirit from us. Depend upon it the unseen but abiding influence or the great Whitsuntide works more wonders in this world of ours than we give it credit for. Perhaps we canuot all do heroic deeds, nor make great sac rifices, but we can all so live that the Spirit of God may consecrate our daily lives, so that we may be a noble example, not only to the Church, but the world around us." 