Living by the Day. BY REV. DE. T. L. CTJYLEB, BBOOKIIYN. " Aa thy days, so shall thy strength he."-DEUTER. 33, 85. "My house -was well built/' said a farmer once to me, "for it was built by the day." That is the way in which the best, strongest, and happiest lives are built; they aro not constructed "by tho job," but one attainment in grace is laid upon another, like tho blocks of granite in a solid house wall. Each day brings its duty to bo done, ita temptation to be met and conquered, its burden tobe carried, and its progress to bo made heaven- ward. There are 365 days in every year, but there ÍB only one working day, and that is to-day. Sufficient to each day is tho labor thereof. THIS IS JUST THE SORT OP LIVING that I commend to my readers. God means to shut you up to this style of thinking and planning and doing, when he makes his gracious promise, "As thy days so shall thy strength be." The journey made up a mountain, is simply a succes- sion of steps. If tho climber attempts to leap up- ward he exhausts his strength, if he looks down he grows dizzy, and if he looks too far forward he gets discouraged by the distance yot to be surmounted. So in accomplishing each day's work you hare simply to take one Btep at a time, and to take that wisely is all that you need to think about. Take no anxious thought for the morrow. God never made a Christian strong enough to stand the strain of to- day's duties and all the load of to-morrow's anxieties piled upon the top of them. Paul himself would have broken down if he had attempted the foolish experiment. We have a right, to ask our. heavenly father for strength equal to the .day, but we have no right to ask him for an extra ounce of strength beyond it. My friend, LEARN" TO TAKE SHORT VIEWS. If yon have money enough to-day for your daily ?wants, and something over for Christ's treasury, ; don't torment yourself with the idea that you will finish up in an almshouse. If your children cluster around your table to-day, enjoy the music of their voices, train them for God and trust them to God, without racking yourself with dread that the little ones may be carried off by scarlet feyer, or the older ones may fall into bad mar- riages or some other disaster. Faith carries pre- sent loads, meets present assaults, feeds on pre- sent promises, and commits the future to a faith- ful God. Its daily, song is:; . Keep thou my feet ; I do not ask'to seè The distant scene; one stop enough forme. So we exhort you again most earnestly to take short views. Let us not climb the high wall till we get to it, or fight the battle till it opens, or shed tears over sorrows that may never come, or loBe the joys and the blessings that we have by the sinful fear that God.may take them away from us. We need all the grace that he can give tis for to-day's burdens and to-day's battles. I would not . penetrate into the secrets which to-morrow hides if I could. It is far better to know whom we trust, and that he is able to keep all that we commit to him until the last great day . Why forecast the trials of Me .. With such sad and grave"persistence, And look and watch for a brood of ills That as yet have no existence ? Strength for to-day is all we need, For we never will see to-morrow ; When it comes the morrow will be a to-day With its measure of. loy or sorrow. THE CHRISTIAN WHO LIVES BY THE DAY not only faces each, duty or each trial as it comes, but he also is on, the look out for each day's opportunities for serving his master. Almost every Christian promises himself that sometime or other he will be very holy minded and very useful. The growing, produc- tive Christian is he who is on the watch for opportunities and grasps then when they come. The beautiful morning glories which opened in my little garden yesterday are all withered away. So went some precious opportunities to serve my Saviour and to do good to my fellow man-they wül never bloom again. But there were fresh flowers that opened with this morning's sun; even so doth our master give us a fresh chance to serve him and to bless others every day we ¿ve. Here lies the generic difference between profitable and unprofitable Christians. The one class are always lookiDg out for oppor- tunities to do a kind act, to gain an influence, to win a soul to Jesus. The Earl of Shaftesbury in England and Wil- liam E. Dodge in America "were two men whose lives illustrated grandly the principle of GRASPING EVERT DAY'S OPPORTUNITIES to strike a blow for Jesus Christ. The holy and heroic Gen. Samuel C. Armstrong, of Hampton Institute-the noblest benefactor the negro has had next to Abraham Lincoln-left a re- markable paper, written just before his death, in which he says, "I have never made any sacrifices." It was joy and ecstasy, the very life of his life, to be doing good ; the " sacrifice " would have been to miss the precious opportuni- ties which each day brought him. Harlan Page made it a rule never to talk to any person for 15 minutes without saying something helpful to profit that person's soul. Our days aro very much what wo choose to mate them. The happy days are those in wliich we improved tho goldon occasions, and the most terrible spectre that can haunt us is the ghost of a lost opportunity. That is what will make hell so unendurable to those who fling away Christ's loving offers and their time for repentance. With now dutios come new supplies of grace every morning to those who seek it hy honest prayor. Wo cannot livo on yesterday's meals. As the children of Israel gathered fresh manna every morning, so must we look upward for a fresh supply of heavenly "RATIONS" FOR A DAY'S MARCH. The early hour is the best for prayer and for feeding on God's word. That godly-minded Christian, Garrot Noel Bleeckor, oí- New York, used to go home also at noon-day, &ot; only to take his moal with his family, but to have a few quiet moments with his Master. Arthur Tappin had a room up near the roof in his store for noon- tide devotions. In these times of awful sti'ess" and strain on business men, would it not clear their heads and nerve their faith if they would stop amid tho heat of the day's toil, and hurry to have a fow minutes faco to face with God ? Tho secret of happy days is not in our outward circumstances, but in our own heart life. A large draught of Biblo taken every morning, a throw- ing open of the soul's windows to the precious promises of the Master, a few words of fervent prayer, a deed of kindness to the first person you meet, will brighten your countenance and make your feet " like hind's feet " for the day's march. If you want to get your aches and your trials out of sight, bury them under your mercies. Begin every day with God, and then, keeping step with your Master, march on toward home over tho roughest road, or in face of the hardest winds that blow. Livo for Jesus by tho day and on every day until you como where " the Lamb ia tho light thereof," and there is no night there Ï 