' Tjib times have been that when the brains were out the man would die, and there an end.' The times hare been that once a verdict was delivered the case was over so far as the public were con | cerned, and there an end. But as the ghost of the murdered Banquo capsized : the calculation in the first instanoe, so the 1 j rampant ghost of the Speight-Syme I case seemB determined to rex the souls of the long-suffering Victorians even unto the third and fonrth generation. There ie, however, one great difference in the parallel, for while the perturbed Bpiritof the Scottish Thane is supposed to have acted on its own motion, the Speight-Syme ghost walks only under vigorous propulsion from the Age, in the evident hope of ' making the ghost walk' to that tune which for the theatrical profession has a solid financial meaning. Hence the columns npon columns that are still daily devoted in the journal above named to the engineer ing of what was at first grandiloquently termed ' A National Subscription,' but which has now assumed the more modest proportion of ' A Defence Fund.' Keeping in view the enormous cost to which the proprietor of the journal has been put in defending the course of action it adopted, the importance of the movement as it presents itself to him can be readily understood. Therefore the scores of letters from sympathising subscribers of stray half-sovereigns and half-crowns which are in apparently end less course of presentation to the public, and the herculean efforts in progress to stir up a feeling favorable to the cause by the holding of meetings throughout the country. The most important of these was the one held in the Temper ance Hall, Melbourne, on the evening of the 10th inst, at which the modeBt 1 proposition was made that the State should pay the cost ! One can almost hear the defendant sonlfully sighing, ' 'Tis a consummation most devoutly to be wished.' Still to one less directly interested the question first presenting itself appears to be, ' And what say the taxpayers ?' If the columns of the Age are alone con sulted for answer, the reply is to the effect that they are absolutely yearning to recognise in this matter the mag nificent service which the Age has rendered tbe country in getting itself cast in damages for libeL But there is a terribly offensive fly in this pot of journalistic ointment ; for, gauging the whole matter by the result of the 'national subscription,' the conclusion is unavoidable that either the public sympathy which the Age claims for itself is non-existent, or that it does not prompt thoBe it animates to nationally subscribe worth a red cent. The list has now been before the Victorian people, numbering over a million, for a full fortnight. It was started by a cheque for £100 from ' a sympathiser,' and £25 from the second contributor. Yet at the pre sent time it has not reached £450, though a further £100 of the amount j has been subscribed by the employes of the Age and Leader. This means that tbe general sympathy has not amounted to £225, which has the appearance of a terrible frost. The decimal has yet to be invented which can express the proportion per unit which this sum represents, and as a manifestation of national sympathy it is about the feeblest thing on record. On the other hand the Argus has been assisting to make the ghost walk from its own especial view point by pre senting the Speight side of the sympa thetic medaL It has been done more temperately and with fewer of those ' winding snspirataons of forced breath' which have distinguished the Age effort. Yet the Speight testimonial fund stands at over £600. Upon thiB showing the verdict is still against tbe Age% and in tbe effort to prove the contrary the journal is making itself not a little ridiculous. It is well-known that public feeling is largely divided, and runs high on both sides, hence the possibility of working subscriptions, engineering meetings, and so prolonging the agony indefinitely in the hope of obtaining help in bearing a pretty heavy burdejj. But after the 96 days' legal innings the prolongation of the matter to the ertent noted is getting very monotonous, and as it deceives no one it would be well if it were given decent and speedy burial. The silver market continues to slowly settle towards the ' half-crown standard,' and exactly bears out our forecast prior to the collapse of the market consequent on the repeal of the United States Silver Purchase Bill. The Speaker of Decem ber 2, in discussing the question of finance generally, says : — Tbe price of silver is slowly falling. It was no better on Wednesday than 32d per ounce, while silver to be delivered next week was considerably lofr«r. J7nfo^tnnately, it is only too probable that the fall will go oUf Ho doubt there is still a very strong demand for China, Japan, and the Straits Settlements. Probably these countries may absorb more of the metal than is now thought probable, and, on the other hand, mines may be closed in very great numbers. But the immediate Ttrospect, nevertheless, is of a further fall in siiTT.' ^ the Indian Govern ment decides upon a heavj duty upon It the fall will be intensified. The India Council met with a freeh dis appointment this week. On Wednesday it offered for tender 50 lakhs of rupees in bills and telegraphio transfers, and succeeded in selling little more than 10 lakhs. For all that, we still expect that the Oouncil will be able to sell pretty freely for the next five or six months. Exports from India are uot large yet, but at the end of this mouth they ought I to increase very considerably, and to continue large until the end of April or perhaps the middle of May. Up to Christmas it is possible that rfttes may be fairly well maintained ; bat with the beginning of the new year there is every reason to look for a decided falling off in the demand and a considerable in crease in the imports of gold from abroad. The mor? closely the silver problem is cousidered the more certain does it appear that the price of the metal must be decided entirely on the basie of supply and demand, and that about 2s 6d per ounce may be regarded as the current rate which will rule at least for % lonsidereble pejipd. Shakespeare wrote, ' Thrice armed is be who hath his quarrel just,' to which a modem scribe hae added, 'And four timeB he wbo gets his blow in first.' The Launceston Municipal Council evi dently subscribe to the modern addition, as exemplified by the resolution carried at Monday*e meeting urging the Govern ment, now that the million loan has been floated, to proceed pith the con struction of the new bridge over the North fisk at Tamar-street. Without discussing the necessity of the work, or the still more important question whether any portion of the recently-floated loan is available for publio works, the action of the Connoil is noticeable, inasmuch as it is the first grab at the borrowed money. If this example is to be fol lowed we shall see resolutions of a similar character passed by practically every local body throughout the colony, and a repetition of the baneful old game of log- rolling. There is at the present time on the list of sanctioned public works items totalling between £500,000 ' and £600,000, all awaiting 'the flota tion of the loan,' and a large propor tion of which will not be carried out for many years. The whole position of affairs in connection with our public works is dangerous and farcical The late Govern ment were correctly charged with having passed a spendthrift, extravagant public workB policy, yet, despite the virtuous inaignauon oi tne present ministers, they have struck out only £33,000 worth of the said works ! Upwards of two years ago Mr Dumaresq introduced a motion for the repeal of the Acts sanctioning the publio works then re maining in abeyance, but the motion was lost, several of the present Minis ters, however, including the Minister of Lands, voting for the repeal. Yet no sooner is Mr Hartnoll in office than he chauges his tune, and becomes the advo cate of the sanctioned works which he condemned when in Opposition. Last session we urged the Minister of Lands to strike out tbe whole of the suspended works, and to introduce a new public works scheme, but he declined to do so, and still the farce is being played out. We now repeat to the new Parliament the advice that was re jected by its predecessor — to im mediately repeal the whole of the Acts sanctioning the construction of | the suspended public works, and to com pel the Minister of Lands to introduce a new scheme commensurate with the altered condition of the colony. Ad mittedly the publio „ works schemes ; sanctioned during 1889-90-91 were in I trodueed and pasBed by Parliament I under circumstances very different to I those now obtaining. No sane Minister i would at the present time introduce the I list of works sanctioned, and now in abeyanoe. Therefore it iB the clear duty of the Minister o! Lands to introduce a measure repealing the whole of the sanctioned workB, and to introduce a practical scheme in accordance with the I financial condition and wants of the { colony. Should this duty be shirked, it I is to be hoped that Mr Dumaresq will once more test the opinion of the Assembly on the subject. ^ The half- yearly meeting of shareholders in the Commercial Bank, held at Hobart : yesterday, again brings into prominence this eminently successful local institu tion, which has now been established for upwards of sixty years. During its lengthy career tbe history of tbe Com mercial Bank has been closely identified with that of the colony, and the assistance it has given to Tasmania many a time and oft has yet to be recoguistd. That tbe directors are able to pay a dividend at I the rate of 10 per cent, per annum I should be gratifying to the shareholders, j for admittedly the financial institutions j of Australia will not for a very long period | have to face the difficulties experienced during the last two years — difficulties which it is satisfactory to know have , been honestly faced and successfully I overcome by the institution in question. | The coin in hand, including Government ; securities and debts from other banks, | amounts to the large sum of £385,000,' against deposits and note circulation amounting to £1,478,000 — nearly 25 per cent This must be considered a - most satisfactory reserve, being about 4 per cent, above the usual line of banking institutions. During the last few years the management of the Commer- ; cial Bank has adopted a more i progressive policy, and has consequently brought itself well within touch with the trading community and public generally, i the aim being, whilst husbanding its | resources to the utmost extent, to assist I its constituents in time of prcBSure and ! help them to tide over the depression recently experienced. The Commercial Bank, which is ene of the oldest financial institutions in the colonies, has been of enormous service to Tasmania, and it is very pleasing to see tliat its successful career is still being continued. 