"It is for the last time,' sae whie. Sered. D)umbly eyes told eyes this was the truth. Always inevitable, it had come at last. After to-night there'was to be no Infuture in common.. As yet neither has Eaid the word that each is think ing of. o"Good-bye!" A little word to hole so, much of pain. "To forget!" A short sentence to illustrate the impos sible. "Not yet!" A prayer for ro prieve. "The end!" A futureless hour which embraces Past and Present., "The rose is dead," says he, as show erof petals fell at his .feet. -Mechan ically removing the broken stem from his button-hole, he added-"and-the word is said." "It has been a most sweet chapter in our lives," said she, with downcast eyes. "I would not have missed it," replied hc-'though we may never add-" "To be continued." And a tear stoi4 softly over her cheek Each had lingered, lothll to turn' the last torn leaf. Soon nothing would he lelt of what had been all. Alas That the hooks of men's lives should be writ ten in the sand, and that the tides of the years leave not even a trace. A strange emptiness fills the night. Other nights shall come ghost-haunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances-of~sweet relplies to old immortal questionings. She stands beside him, her lips quir ering with agony suffered for his sake. His eyes are tilled with'pitying tears for kwo brokoe lives-their own. Alas' or the nights brimming with happy )ilences under the stars. The shaded amp is burning out. The hour has tome. Words are poor things. '"D)id I bring my cane?" And his 1rembling hand reaches into a shadowy Corner. "Yes; here it is," replied she. "Good night." !'Good night." Each knows that it is a good-bye. : 4 caress A sigh. A sob. The oor closes. His rapid footsteps are peedily lost to her listening ear. ,Yes, st is over. The darkness swallows him fioihn tight. A murky flash. He is lighting) his cigarette. And she? She slowly rearranges her mrlled bangs as she murmurs, with a yawn: ' "I wonder what time he'll come up to-morrow night!" They have bid each other an eternal arewesU before. 