M'NEILL AND BURKE MISSION. RECEPTION BY THE MINISTERS' UNION. The mission of Messrs. McNeill and Burke being under the auspices of the Brisbane Ministers' Union, the evangelists met the members of the union at a reception breakfast yesterday morning in Dr Rowe's Cafe. The president of the union, the Rev. W. Whale, presided, and nearly sixty ministers were present, including representatives who had been invited from other institutions and churches not affiliated. After breakfast some time was spent in devotional exercises, and the Rev. H. Youngman read replies from the Revs. Canon Stone- Wigg and J. Simmonds, expressing their inability to attend ; also one stating that the Rev. C. Ogg was too ill to be present. The Rev. W. Whale then cordially welcomed the evange- lists to Brisbane, and assured them of the fullest confidence of the union in their work and message, wishing them much success and blessing. The Rev. J. M'NeILL, in reply, said their welcome to Australia had been a kind of triumphal procession all the way along, and he hoped they would not be spoiled by it. He was glad they were going to work along with the churches. They had no new methods, no patent tricks they had only the old gospel. They took very little stock of what was called the higher criticism and the new theology. The old gospel suited Mr, Burke, for the post exile views did not turn into hymns, and his (the speaker's) views were just what were expressed in the hymns. They found that all over the world-at home, in the United States, in South Africa, even when His message had to be translated the same influence want with the story of redeeming love and grace. He trusted they would have good times together. There was a Scotch bit that went in the direction of gameness and caution, and an Irish bit that went in the other way, and it needed all the grace of God to get along with them. (Laughter.) As to the results of the work, there was no hurry to make everything visible. When they had gone the regular ministry would stop in, and whatever God had done the profiting would appear in the ordinary channel. They were sometimes overdoing things with " second meetings," and wore a little apt to shift the focus. God's word was " preach," and he believed in that up to the hilt. " While Peter spake the Holy Ghost fell on them that heard. He and Mr. Burke were only here for a few days, and they would rather the mission should " pan out" well after they had gone than be in a hurry to tabulate results. A shrewd young follow at Ballarat told him they were the sixth party of evangelistic tramps that had visited that city within a few years, and now instead of listening to the preaching he was instinctively watching for each man's particular " tip" for the second meeting, and was surprised that what he (Mr. O'Neill) had to say at the second meeting he said it in the Bannon. Evangelists were getting into a dangerous crowd, gutting committees to watch this second meeting and test the evangelist by his ability to get the people to " take the hurdles" properly. (Laughter.) He spoke of that with scorn, and refused to be tested by the second meeting. They all know the man over whom they rejoiced with an exceeding loud-voiced joy, because of his profession in the second meeting. He was duly ticketed, labelled, and counted (sometimes more than once), and ten days after the march 1 where was he ? Another man over whom they wept with equally loud-voiced lamentation, because he would not wait for the second meeting as time went by that man was changed. If they made an audit of the mission at once, and then struck an audit again a fortnight later, it would be all knocked upside down. He wanted to encourage his brethren in the ministry who could not work the second meeting. The converts would come into his net all right, the fish into his basket, and people would apply for membership in the churches. Of course if they had a man like Moody, who had an original God-crcatetUgift, that came out chiefly 3lb ki the working of the second meeting, it was different. But everybody ran away and tried to imitate him, and it was not successful, " By faith the Israelites passed through the Red Sea By by dry land, which the Egyptians essaying to do were drowned." (Much laughter.) That was one of the verses which convinced him that there was humour in the Bible. The man who wrote that text must have had a broad grin on a face. (Renewed laughter.) Let them not be Egyptians. Let them do things in their own way, walk on their own feet, and each stand or fall to his own Master. After a reference to the use and power of song, Mr. M'Neill resumed his seat amidst applause. Mr. J. H. Burke reciprocated the kindly wishes expressed by the union, and spoke of his pleasure at the satisfactory arrangements that had been made for the mission. The meeting being thrown open, Commissioner Coombs expressed his desires for the success of the mission, and the Rev. J. Walker pleaded for a visit of the evangelists to Ipswich. The Rev. A. J. Webb stated that he had received by wire an urgent appeal from Charters Towers for a visit. Other speakers were the Revs. D. F. Mitchell and L. C. Jamieson, and the meeting closed at 11 o'clock with the benediction. THE EVENING ADDRESS. The second meeting in connection with the mission of the Rev. John M'Neill and Mr. G. H. Burke was held last evening in the Centennial Hall. There was a very large attendance, amongst whom were noticeable many ministers of the gospel. The singing of a hymn at 7.30 p.m. by the united choir commenced the proceedings, and for half-an-hour the time was spent in prayer, music, and a few passing and at times humorous remarks by the preacher. Mr. Burke sang, " Where will you spend eternity ?" and the Rev. W. H. Harrison was then called upon to offer a prayer. , Mr. M'Neill took for. the subject of his discourse the story of blind Bartmieus, as contained in St. Mark, chapter 12, verses' 46 to 52\. He said if he had had a title for his dis- course that night he would have called it "Bar times ; or, the Power of Earnestness," and if he had divisions of the subject, he would Bay, firstly, " earnestness ;" secondly, " more earnestness;" thirdly, "still-more earnestness and lastly, " you get there." That, he said, was a fair exposition of the story, and a fair exegesis of the narrative. Jesus, on the occasion referred to in the story, was going out to Jericho. It was in the days of His popularity. A blind beggar sat by the roadside, and at the name of Jesus he became electrified in every faculty of his mind, and became a changed man; and he began to cry out for the Lord to have mercy on him. He could not fall asleep sitting in the sun whilst Christ was near; yet many people could even do that in churches. At the sound of the name of Christ, Bartimeus had become a new man with a new hope, a new purpose burning in his heart. Single earnestness, personal earnestness, that was what the circumstances demanded of us. Those who, intended to play a part similar to that of Bartimeus and receive light, healing, peace, power, and salvation from Jesus for a sin-smitten, sin-blinded soul and life, would have to undertake the playing of that part themselves, for they would get very little encouragement from anyone else. Many charged Bartimeus that he should hold his peace, but this only increased his earnest- ness. Nowadays it was the fear of being treated as Bartimens that prevented many people from allowing Christ to do mighty works. He was asking still as he asked Bartimeus, " What wilt thou that I should do unto thee ?" Yet people had not the earnestness to seek their wants or the faith to trust Jesus. They were stone dead, stone blind to the fact that they were mighty sinners, and He was a mighty Saviour, and all they had to do was to make up their minds and say, " Here goes," and to go with earnest- ness. The earnestness of Bartimeus told on the crowd, and it told on Christ for he stopped and called the beggar. Christ was a doer, and doeth wondrous works. To think of that mighty doer amongst the unemployed. Yet the people would not let Him do mighty works in Brisbane owing to their unbelief. Just as they had had every three years lately a roaring flood that had amazed them, so the Lord could send floods of salvation which would flood the city, not with misery, but with light and blessedness. Yet the people shut Him out. Christ was yearn- ing to let himself loose upon them, but His hands had to drop at His sides because of the people's unbelief. 