m^ICKET. -J ^.kvMjgiixcK or 'McGe^orJJIj ^In tht |nte-room of this office; re^M ing on » couch of missing word co^ms, j with da^^chedtimbs, feeble roiof'aaa dbheyelled hair, behold fin ilq^jjuted critic. Unlike the 'Dying Hour' of Jane Taylor, his pdsefenat quicfclf, his brenth becomes stronger, and he exhibits ecery mark of returning animation. Tins is 'McOregor,'| and ss our waders must all remember him last year as gay and blithsome as themselves, they mil, perhaps, feel interested in hearing that heis now sufficiently re.invigrffrated to get about once more, after his sudtlen dis appearance from the turmoil of life at beginning of the damp and dreary winter from which we are now emerging. The following is his own narrative describing bis temporary absence, and the impres sions he received during his first stroll abroad among the frequented haunts of men :— In s retired and lonely orner of tbe editorial sanctum, and forgotten almost by my best friends and cruellest enemies, I passed away the rainy days in almost undisturbed seclusion. No passing sounds or worldly strife marred the serenity of roy repose ; it was tbe psaca. ful unconscious slumber of the hackneyed scribe, weary alike of the adulation of fair admirers, and of the sneers of men whose oddities, betimes, bad furnished material for my pen. The editor bad laid me tenderly aside, and were it not that the blustering office boy sometimes wantonly disturbed my rest, t should not regret to spend the remaining days of my existence in that blissful state of oblivion. Very likely many people share these sentiments with me. The wily spider spun ber web over my face to entrap the iiatrary fly, and u?ed my flowing and unkempt looks as receptacles for its store of winter food. My only sustenance were the bitter products of a season's toil— the nectar of a weary mind, and the ambrosia of anreaju'ted gratitude. A hallowed dream overshadowed the entire period of my reverie, until by a talismanic touch of the office quill I was, a few days ago, summoned bock into this busy mart of com merce. With kindly hands that august personage, the editor smoothed my care worn brow, and brushed the dust from off my mantle. To my parched and quivering lips he applied the elixir of life, chafed the sluggish stream of ani mation through my body, and with the fondness of a father eagerly watched the symptoms of awakening vitality. ' McGregor,' said he, arise, gird up thy loins for, lo 1 the winter is now gone and spring is at hand. All nature is once more bedecking itself in all its varied costume ; the swallow has begun to twitter on tbe housetop j tbe trees ere putting on new leaves, and the young lambs are sporting in the meadows. Again Bally forth into the highways and the byewavH, and mingle with your fellow beings. Spurn the gossip of the idle and disaffected, for yom theme must be the recording of meritorious deeds and manly actions. Should difficulty or even peril beset your path draw your mantle tightly around you, steel yoar pen in. the fire of rectitude, and sharpen it upon the imperishable shone of true heroism ; then rest assured that neither the carping voice of spite, nor the flatter ing word of encouragement eball ever ruffle the even tenor of your way. Assume anew your cuirass of fearless ness and truth ; and so saying he thrust me into tbe glorious sanlight. Bat my friends knew me not ; they passed me by unheeded. I felt as s- stranger in a strange land. This afforded me cause to felicitate myself in appearing at so favorable a juncture. I walked aimlessly about among the numerous passers by, and occasionally strolled into a wine shop. I met many old acquaintances. Some of them had prospered in the meantime ; a few hrpeJ to come into tbe possession of fortunes; but the greater number I tound still plodding resolutely on, their wealth fluctuating with the in tensity of their thirst, or the magnitude of their speculations. But I missed many familiar faces. These had,^ learned, been attracted to the goldjji it ftjis the fiiffinm tiM illumtw m ^peasant Frea Hudson, those sturdy ?cricketers of last year, I asked ? Gone WM,:X».- t&s.wplr;,. JUi^WjBSfcoB,, Debnaw, Pffket, Dojk, Jf elk, Higgina, Foggrfcm-tbey gone too J —yissygomrr and many more; And then I mused j a team in themselves of good jolly sports } way fortune smile upon them- Oar con versation was here in tempted by the arrival of au individual whose face seemed familiar to me, but my wandering mind was uaabie to penetrate the guise of his gaudy habiliments. Arrayed in knickers, with his ' mawlers ' ensconced in gloves of faultless pattern, and a cane poiiod jauntily between the thumb and forefinger of his dexter hand he strutted majestically towards where we were chat ting, and with a haw I how do ! 1 jawly glad to 'see you I ! \ joined in the dis course. Enquiry revealed the fact that he was a member of the Western CO., and a type of what we must accustom our eyes to witness in the streets when the warm days set in upon us. I was 'sorry to hear that the old King club bad given tip the ghost, but was' informed that the chief cause of its dissolution was its inability to survive the shock of being defeated by the Uundasites last year. The current proverb was quoted to me: 'Get licked by Dundas and die.' I was told the Zeehan Club, notwithstand ing departures and defections from their ranks, would muster a good team, almost half its numbers being of the. new and dark variety, and that iha personnel of the Queesites would almost remain unchanged. On visiting the Associa tion Ground I noticed a part of its surface turned upside down, and thought to myself, this looks like business ; but I am afraid the cricketer will have to rest cjntented with a glance over the fence during the ensuing season at all events, I then directed ray footsteps homewards, and found, to my anguish, that Nancy and the twins had flown, leaving the customary explanation tacked on the door post, and me the most disconsolate of creatures. With mingled grief and emotion at the turpitude of human nature I tossed myself on my bunk and resigned by being to a long and soothing slumber. The effect was magical; I arose renewed in spirit, and in the buoyancy of my joy sent this cote to the Herald. Give ' McGregor's ' compli ments to the cricketers of the West Coast, and bid them a pleasant and, suc cessful time of it daring the 1894-05 season. '? ? ? ? 