fifty lashes. Br Atha Wutbchy. i CHAPTER I. a full sommsrmorm overhead, cMtlog.bara JmIiJimo .tli-orttbolrMi in tb« pol,Uo. 4 main Auckland, Now Zealand. On a'tuitio bench, boueththe wirtoapread- V.nnnheB Of tt K»n»S OltUll VIUO, UV 1111 St0 U.0'1 B'tl. »nd bI h»r "Wo »tl, hind. 2L TOUth, wearing tho dark blu, uniform jT.ni> him'i Uorno. No Spanlih glp-y M h >ut > man glorious bu.uly of loco nod fi thin Kior. -Solby. Her mo.h.r- SmMwo' the old M.ori ohMuin, Te PnU, uiu lore with and married ono lom Selby, Unreaot iu b® 6— th Regiment, and with ' i rinie many broad aorea in tho moat krtila valleys of ihe Walkato, which the old .Star lonn converted into a good payable Sate. While Kioto vraa yot a child her Jotlnrdiod, whereupon Tom S.lby boouht floor rill, anteide the oily, and rant hi. Uo.nter to a boarding echool until .he bo. .me old oooogb to tako ohargo of bla houao- '""Aad ao you ara going to-morrow, Cherlie," ebaaaid timidty, at tha tame time mioinerrouely with her companion', palm S»«a bet own aliapcly hands. "Moetit really be to morrow !' 'Hoally and truly, Kiota," heaniworod. " Tha horsofi wero put aboard early »hie oven tnjr ted we tail to-morrow at daylight." >'How dreadful thia war ia," ,eho aaya in a droadfnl, indeed, my darling, but emnitnoUtaudldly by, and boo those mad fanatic the rebela murder and plunder innocent people. Slnco Rowi, was driven late i the Weikalo, the Government have Aim all in their power to induce tho dia. n,t.dfA Maoriee to lay down their arms, nod to live at peneo with their Pakelut heigh- hom, but you eeo it la of no avail, Tlpore ud bis crazy brother havo roused the Iirmaki tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have unfortunately prevented une, rwieiStanton, Iromenjoyinp his (jhriitmaa dinner nndcr the samo root as Kiora Selby. Dear Charlie, no one oan regret that ml fortune mote than poor Kiora," aho answers, "Smile laogka lightly, then stoops for- VAtd, until bis moustache roaches Klora'a ripe nd lip, and— well the moon only knows wn&i; look place, for she was watching them. Uer Moonship tocH many things that lovers get ot. Ou this lovoly evening there was no exception to the rule, tor aho observed, eloao lr vbero Charlie and his companion billed xni coood at each other the form of a tD«n. ctooohing low down bohind a thick shrub, which completely hid bitn from tha eyes of those ho was evidently watching— smaa wiih a.palo, vile looking face, which mrred out of them from the screen of foliage vithafavage glcmninhisoycs. Tho apparel « the caves-dropper was similar to that worn by tbo giri's companion, savo that be had three narrow guidon stripes upon hU ooat tlcere at tho wrisi, which bespoke tha man a oon-comnmeioiied ottioor. Duriog a long chat, eucb as lovers usually indulgo in, the vttsber never stirred from his brat position ; tot listened to every word uttered with a ctwd that was born of doap and absorbing jnUrett. it was only when Kiora rose to do- pert that be drew further into the shade, and id bo doing made a noUa whioh attracted the girl' atteutlon, 'What was that, Charlie ?" she cried, firstling hortuif close to the side of that gentleman, and gazing round in alarm. "WhatU'the matter, dear!" "Did you not hear a rustling noieo? It toafided close to that bush there, she said. "Svoot Kiora, you aro filled with strnngo imcies to-night," bo 'aid, gaily. 44 First, it vat a shooting star, big with evil portent for ma; now it is a noma as of eomo lurking uutiln. rooli ! my girl ; there is nottuog mvs. p< reliance, some grasshopper looking i Lr Its mate." " Ob, Charlie I Z would give all I possess fathewoild to prevent you golug to Tars tiki," she will, with Buddsn energy. " Non'caeo, why?", " IfecaUfO I have got ono morbid fancy that when wo part to-night it will be for 44 My darling, I — " 11 Utteu to me, Charlie. Do yon believe in dnsms . ' "Dreams, ccrlafn'y. £ believe they are dreams; nothing more." Tbs maiden nettled her small head, orowned with s oorouot of raven hair, aloaor to his breast, and looking up ut hiin with her large eyes, said, 44 I had a terrible dream tbo night Moralist— a dream in which I saw what took place aa plain as I oan see those trees before mo now." " What did you see, Kiora ?" " Ao encampment of armed men, situate onlhe margin of a lovely lnko, and nor- rounded on every hand by high rugged LiUi, troeloa and barren in tho oxtrewe," she responded. In a low hushed tone, "beyond the tents, on a green patch ol sward, my dream uiscloeed a solid squire of glittering bayonets, in the autre of which woro thrco poets standing up right. On thoso cruel sUkes a man was being cm bod and foot, to bo flogged like a slave. My God, it wastorriblo." The trooper put his arm abont the slender form of bis oompAnion, for she had begun to shiver like odo in a ftt of ague. "Did you rccouui-e the features of the ua- fortunsto follow at the triangles?" he asked preVntly. "Idid." >||Audoa knew him!" "Who was he, Kiora?" " Vournrlf, Charlie 1 Ob ! thounutterahlo augnivh depicted there. Oh ! tho misery, sad the dmpair, and the sickening, dreadful Mows that toll upon my ears like some shud dering horror, too great for mortal heart to war - let I was oompelfed to gazo until the diwdful work wus eudnd. Then I heard a load shout away towards the clilTs, nod look- U|f lf>enco, beheld a great horde ot hlaoris roihliko a mighty avalanche upon the square of limed men, aud disperse It into a hundred JfBymenta. Then all ueosme obtos and ooo- luioo, Iflterminclcd with shonU and eriee, and a vuion of she man who had been dogradtd mounted upon a saddle and bridtelees horse, his tore and bleeding back glistening oon- spieuonsly above the crowded melee, until towed to and fro llko a worthless waif, he went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw Charlie htonton stood ailout for a minute. Afaliugof some namoloss dread begun to rioslover him at Kiora's recital, bat he shook ii T?n<l replied in a bantoriog way : . Drsams are all iny eye, sweetheart. In- oesd, it boa been said by sous crusty old baohetora that droams are like ladles— they fosJow the rule of oontrarr. Corue, hold up year head, my dear. I Bhall roturh to yoa era thsnew year la many weeks old with all my honors think upon me." "I sincerely trait yon may, my deer P-Sh fbe girl, with a fond look, ia which there was yot the sadness of her dream outlined, and then as if anxious joehsaee the subject she added, " Look, how ttutiful «VC7 tiling eeems under the sheen « »|ie moon. What a lovely night." They went out Into the eoft glow am In toebo pleading for his promtee, be laugh- Ujfjy resisting her. Onward, down the green "too, strewa with murky shadows that Witod 10 Iwtw em leave ao traoe hf.amj.byejho lurking figure come forth Ja Lis lair, arid stood up in the full light of tnooa— a toll, dark man about thirty adB» fane sallow aad closely shaven,- ""Wying a wide, sensual raonth snd Strang, Jfu11 .e a iw> 6' white teeth, y , h«re you are, dorgesnt Clement 'PTt" b® muttered, apes- "upmsing himself, a eiolster gleam in Kla J? while. "Why, who would have usQbt the ring.dovee would eoleot this p't jor thelr eem>eleM ohsttor — almost under Humph ! my limbe are raeked "O psin and cramp. Oonfound tbem both. Yhsttha devil oan there be about this weak, ttheg dsndy, that sho shonld prefer him to 'hinbd 0D9 w 0Me# 111010 'or He stood- with folded arraa a moment, JHhlng the direotion they had taken. Kou &> Cbw»® 8Uuton, with tbe juphand of me, bat take oare, my lad, I w®i eheekmate you. For tea years, you 215 b®n modem aociety oalls Tvf "'i Charlie ; but modern soetety little ?t»«kow I bate your friendship. It hae m . 0' towy things I had set my heart m, even the love o( this proud wench— who has tbonaht fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the fiold, Charlie, tnon cher. Well, well ! I am content to bide my time.CKiora Selby. Dreami have been fulfilled era this. I have the cue, my weak-mioded spark; and U shall go hard, but I will nss tt to advantage, when opportunity offers. He lollonred In the wake of tbe lovers with a alow and meditative step, bl<f heed bent, and his hands clasped behind bis back. " If my friend Stanton has one trait in his character more nromiuent than another it Is an easy, eimpto beliof lu the truth and good ness of his follows," ho muttered. "No fool's paradise too great for Charlie. I have made a utady of tho men, not becausv 1 lovo him— but because ho is my opposite— a soft humbug, that cannot say No, for tbe lifo of him. Ch&rlio; mon ami, yon ara as the potter's clay to my hand.' Let me see if 1 oannot play yon against obarmiog Kiora Selby and ber broad acres." Serjeant Exloy, of Caverebam's Horse, qutokened hie pace, crossed the park ana entered I'snelf, thenoe his walk bocama slower, until he reached Shortland L'laoe Here he halted and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. Th»re must have been something very attractive hore to engage the Sergeant's atten tion, for he remained on tbe spot close on two honrs. He was stilt watching and waiting, when a young man isenod from tho honse, bumming a lavorito operatic air. " Hallo, Charlie 1 well met, dear boy. Whero havo you been ?" cried Exlcy, in a surprised yet pleasant tone. "Just ran over to bid- tho Selby'e good bye," replied Stanton. 14 But what ore you doing down thik way, Exley ?" 41 Ah ! taking a walk under tho tnoon to vlbw the oity. I , guess we shan't have another opportunity to view the spires of Auckland l»y moonlight for eomo time to come. Truth Is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met yon." 44 Why, pray ?" 44 Because I was just making my way to the Albion, where I've promised to meet one or two jolly fellows to take a parting glass, "iou will join me, of course ?" ' " Sly dear Exley, nothing would give me .greater pleasure." 44 Come' along then, it ie late.". Tho pair wool arm and arm through tbo eilent street. Stentoo happy in the thonght of his sweetheart ; Exley, 'quiet brooding— like a man who fools his way to some un known goal. CHAPTER ir. There are fow scones iu New Zealand more grandly ragged than tbo Oban Valley, Tara- naki, tho spot whero tho volunteers hod fixed their bivooao on tbe 24th of December, in anticipation of meeting tbo rebol Maoris. It was Christinas Eve, tbe timo night, a calm lovely night, with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven— ae on the night of - tho advent of tho Master, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. Tho camp was oomposed of six hundred rank and fito of tbo Aucklnad Ktfles, to gether with one troop of Caversham's Hureo. The latter had pitched their tent on a amall hill adjacent to wboro tho commissariat stores bad been piled and covered over by a largo tarpaulin. Gi tho sixty men of the troop; tec of their number had beou told oil as a guard; under tho ohargo of Sergeant Exley. Tho supply of grog and provisions are only limited and needed but ono sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There wero six quarter casks of rum ttanding in a row flank ing tho stored. Tho soreeant called the guard together about tho watohfireand said : 41 Comrades, I need hardly remind you of tho general order issued this morning. Wo are ucdor martial law horo in tho field. Odoncl Bartopp, as yon all know, is a very »tri:t officer, and will punish the slightest ncgloot or eareleunere with severity. Mtod that, and, above aU, remember that any mao go to the triangles. You understand !" They appeared to understand very well ; they glanced towards tho rum puncheons, and thought tho sergcaot a worthy fellow to oon- com himself about their welfare. There wero others about the firo who did not be long to tho guard. One, a sh"rt, broad- shouldered, jolly- looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ooean than torra- Arma, if odq might jadgo by his gait and bis conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while tho sergeant warned hiu men, was deeply Intentattcmpting to balance a camp pot on tho rough nose of a magnificent water ipaoiel at his side. Tbo experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare logged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with gaping mouth. Tho boy, who answered to tho nom do guerre of 44 Sandfly," was ono of that gender known as a camp-fag and gonoral Itnock about among the troopers. Qo could speak English pretty woll, so tar as lyiog went, and was withal one of tbo most mischievous young vagabonds in Moot Uand. As the night waxed space,, there arose a keen east wind, whioh mode the air blUng oold and set tho whits tents shivering liks so many shestod ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling shoot for bods place of shelter for tho night, found a snug corner beneath tno tarpaulin whioh covered the stores, and there retired to rest without mora ado. The party round the Are gradu ally thinned until only two perrons remained seated by U — Charles S ton ton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between there twain, yet no men wero mora opposite In person and disposition. Tbe one, handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in boaring, bnteak and yielding to tho vergo of pusillanimity. Tho other coarse, plain of person, yet obetiflnto nnd determined as a bull-dog. How oams these two to bo friends I Simply through ono little aot of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold 44 To Itooga," Bob Cable lay bloeding to death outaido the enemy's trench, from a severe gssh in hie sldo, received during the attaok. The volooteers were repaired, hut at i the risk of his life Charlie Stanton walked coolly out to the trenob, and brought in the wounded man npon his back, amidst a per fect hailstorm of Maori bullet. It was a gallant, kindly aot, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they e!t by the fire, with the dotr between them, and a email flask of rum which has been emptied to tho dregs in fighting thoir Waikato campaign over again. Presently tue;o is a a all for number four of tho uuard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable 44 Good night," and answers 44 Hero." ' . ' ; it is bio torn for sentry, end he ia nurohed over to rollsve the map posted on the stores. SHenoo now reigns throughout the camp, isto for the wild eoreeob of te peiew out yonder hy the Jako. Sandfly, crouched under tha friendly covering of the tarpaulin, to aaddcoly awakened from bto rosy dreams, by tbe sound of voice in the vioinlty. The Maori noise lessly lifts on sod of theoovsring, and peeps forth. Borge&nt; Kslov to standing with a panoikin tn hi hand, talking to the sentry in s low, earnest tone. ' 44 Indooil, Charlie, I mo no great harm in takings glass of grogonsuoh a cold night. Wo are not In town, where it oonld be oasily obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of courts, yon aro on eeutxy, and oan pre- yentmy taking any, bat I mast aayaemall half pint out of one of there casks would hover be missed." 44 Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton osrelossly. 41 Pray do as yon please; yon have command of . tbo guard ; but 1 say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave ui respecting Geueral Orders and Colonel Bar- iope stern discipline! " The sergesut laughed in a quiet way and replied, 44 Writ until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my . plan. One ride for the men, the other for yonr. friends. Surely yon were not Impressed with nv Ceudon. Lord, I feel looUned to roar sometimes at all the fuss and hombog pat forth in General Orders or otherwise. Red tape and hunknai Bunkum and red tape, to tbe end of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tont elthouta skinfol'of good liquor. Why then should we, eomrade, who have to watch "through the long night in this sharp wiod, .noUwet our whistle, when ft b here ready at our fund V 44 Bravo, Exley 1 Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to noddle with tho oommbaariat exoept the quartermaster, hot, I repeat, you are my superior o floor and— there are tbe casks." 4,Good. Trito fellow here seems a little apoplootlo. We will bleed him." " With aU my heart, but how will you do it, through his bungboh: : " cried Charlie, laughing." "No I Only a bungler would go to work that way. Bee here, I have a gimlet Now, keep watoh while I spile thia fellow's frontis- pleee." Clement Exloycast a triumphant look at bis compantonara ha went down on hto knee to bora the rum puncheon. Had the good- natured inconstant dupe seen that look he would have thonght twice before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. But Charlie 8tanton, measuring man by bis own standard, saw nothing in it save a goou fellow io want of a nobbier, aud who had pluck ensugh to hazard hia aergeant's Stripes for It. Crawling from his lair as silently a ser pent, Sandfly beheld Exley holding tho panni kin under a thin stream tosring from one of tbe casks. How the liqaor hissed and gur gled as. it spouted into the pot. When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the Sergeant plugged It up agrim 41 Now, comrade, take a nip." 14 Af er you," said Charlie politely. "The girls we left behind us," and the ser geant put the liquor to his Ups, but he did not drink an>. 44 I'll give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, In proof of which he almost emptied tho panoikin at a draught. It took away hto breath for the moment, but that was nothing, the night was cold. 44 What do you say, shall we refill tho gob let, Stanton !" 44 By all moans, Exloy," and the pot waa replenished. 44 1 did not expect wo were going to have such a jolly time in general," said tho sentry, seating himself on ono of the puncheons, with the can of ram between hia xneoe. 44 Come, Clom, take a sip and pare tho decantor." In a short timo tbe measure was again ompty, and onee more refilled. The fiiry spirit was at leaat twenty degrees over proof, aud soon began to tell on the trooper. 44 We most bo cautions, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," laid the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't expeot tho visit tug officer before four o'elook." 44 Oh, bother tho visiting rounds — passtho pannikin, Cletn." ' 44 1 anpposo you don't mind my reliev ing yon when yonr two hours are up, Charlie ?" 44 Not at aU. I am content to remain horo until daylight, providing you leave ine the gimlet. Here's your hoaltb, Clom, and may you live to boa general." Tho Bcrseant watohod him with glittering eyes. 44 Steady, oomrade, you will be tipsy," ho said. 44 1, nonsense. Here, hold my earbino ; the pot is empty." One p.m. by the sergeant's watoh, and tha sergeant's companion to growing thick of speeoh and rather proy. In another half- hoar tho poordnpe is staggering about. Tbo sergeant watches him— watohee him fail prone down, sight and senses gone. Then Exley knows that the bird to snarod— ths ret safe in the trap. The officer of the night begins his rounds oarlier than was expected. At three a.m. the commissariat snard tamed out at his summons, and was dismissed as oorroct. 4 4 How many sentries hfivo you, Bergeaat Exley?" 44 Only one, captain." 44 1 will vieit htm." It was usual for two men of the guard and the noD-commlsstonod officer in oharge to accompany tho officer when visiting tho sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted tho captain over to tho stores, bat of coureo there was no one to ohalionge their approach. 44 Haiti" cried tho officer, 4 4 how's this? Whero is your man, sergeant?" ho asked in a tone of surprise. i Beforo the anestlon oould he answered the Maori lad emergod from bto hiding plaoe and pointed oat the dArk inert form of the tipsy sentinel, stretched npon the ground fast asleep. A light wis brought from the hut and they tried to rouse him, hot in vain. There appeared no need to enquire how tho man got drank on his post. The leaking cask, the gimlet and the pannikin half fall of liquor on thegronod beside him told its own tale plainly. 44 This to a very unfortunate matter," otied the sergeant, with well- feigned regrot in hto tone. 4 What to tohedone, sir?" 44 Done 1 Why, yonr duty, Sergeant Exley, of ooureo," rospondod tho capuin. , 44 Carry the poor dovil to tho guard-tent, and put another man in his etoad. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return,'' Morning came with Its rosy blush, tinging tho hilltops aud klsslug the slJking encamp ment into renewed Hto. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily beforo the guard toot whero his nnfortunsto vlolim lay slumbering off the fames of intoxication. 44 Is this bnt tbe prtlnde io her dream?" he mattered. 44 Gad, it would eeem so. Here aro the oirele of hills around, hare and treeless,. overlooking tho volley. Yonder the Oban Lake gleaming In tbe early sun, llko a burnished shield. What more? Shall the oortain rise to-dsy upon tbe first aot of the dream P— the formed squere, and the man tied to tbe triaoglre ? We shall see. Charlio Stanton, it would have been well had you or I never seea Kiora Selby. l'oor wretob, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wii boo the oat ready ; and now to snatch an bonr's rent." lie turned Into the tent, and at that moment tho vuioo of Saudfly, was hoard calling for 8uap, thoretriover, who ran frisking towards tho lad in groat glee, and thopairraoed down the hiU towards tho tont ooouplsd by Bob Cable. (To pb Continued ) 