A WOMAN'S ARTIFICE. A few years ago, B female, who resides in a town in Ayrshire, had tbe misfortune to be married to a "sottish" husband. Every night, his professional labors over, he repaired to a certain tavern, where he met a set of companions, droathy as himself, and devoted the whole evening to drinking. His wife saw the on which he was standing, and, prompted by parental-and connubial itff<.ction, was rin- .caasing in her efforts to wean him from tbe tavern, and reconcile him to the comforts of jhis own quiet domicile. But her labor of love was entirely thrown .away ; in place of becoming better he grew gradually worse ; seldom went to bed before one or two in the morning, rose late, neglected his business, and, in short, was on the high road to ruin. His temper became frightfully irascible, and in place of soothing his broken-hearted wife, he .found fault with everyiblog, and rarely approached her but with abesa on his lips and a frown on hlB brow. The poor woman's looks, to those who could read them, told a very dismal tale ; and in her despair she hit on the followug expedient, which, we understand, hse ' een aUtMtal wicb >1 e happieht offsets. One nighr» r dark, ehe iepair«d to tbe tavern her hasbaud frequented, persuaded a kuot of trades- men to accompany her, ordered a huge bowl of toddy, compounded the materials, sent the glasses round, got-one man to sing, a second to laugh, and a third to joke; and, in short, acted her part so well, that ehe looked the vity pic tare of a female toper. When the charm was thus fat wound ehe sent for her husband, and Invited him to take a seat and taste her toddy. At first tbe man stared as if be had seen * ghost; and it was observed that his color went and came when he heard his spouse declare, that judging from the example of some of her friends, she tad come to the conclusion that a tavern must be the. happiest place in the world, and was determined for the future to share its pleasures. Frequently ehe stirred the bowl and replenished tbe glasses And when the vessel became dry, rang the bell, ommissioning materials for a fresh browst. But here the husband, who had been silently forecasting the shape of future events, remonstrated so earnestly that the lady consented to abridge her revels and accompany him home. By the way, they conversed long and seriously; certain promises were voluntarily madepromises which were kept to the very letter— and the result of the wife's stratagem was, that her husband becsme one of the soberest men in the parish, and was indebted for his .reformation less to a temperate than an Intemperate society. 