WAB IT A GlIO01T THEY SAW. Mt ?</'H. JeHnninge lives at No. 211, Main : Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie 'larrott bnarde with her. The hainnisi 'nn old one, but in good order, One nfight early in Deconmbeor (1891) the So womenlaucked alltho doors and weont tothe hnatre, leaving' not a soul in the house. Ihoy left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half past eloven they returno:d, and entored the house laughing and talking. But as they wont into the palour the merry humour. died Qut of.q tim. =in a. . . Right. i> tu middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyeos gloaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were. rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from .ho room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows ..:eourely looked. What was it the women wjuring a recent period of ill health," * s an merican friend, "I had slept esdl for several sucoessive nights, On .he fourth of thess nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a Journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more that three years ago now," .No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition.: in March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of 1)arracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows : "I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not, wish them, far away in case I should, call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed, There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and 'dead, "By-and bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was, I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I hould lose my senses, and my friends greed that I would never get better, "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking: she told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was oured by Mother Soigel's Curative Syrup, As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week 1 Went down downstairs. Now I am as well as ever, I can eat and digest my food, and 'all my nervousness has left In?," The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from' Was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration, The oiginal eruse was grief and shock at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system relli d only when the btyrup bad given new'vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the Nerves. Whatever may bei your opinion of the ??.geport ghost, it remains true that tost uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a.set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts cmoe from the inside of the person who sees them? and when Mother teigel's byrup does ste work the eyes and the ears enter tain only what is natural and wholesome. 