POMHGAlEHL_OSOPflERS: ^AprrAlpuNisHMiimifc rmKEWNG : the consotution1 \- AND TARIFF: 'VW&M;!-': ? The. Select Committee appointed by/ the [legislative Counril to see if a solution' of the inemployed problem can be found meeljr* mlarly every week. Tbev were supposed to xusDt mftir report on Wednesday, out tarn Chairman (Hon. F. Batedow) hu obUined.a nonth's extension of time. ,..['_ The Hon. EWstdipokedifltutelyintbeOoun :ilon Wednesday afternoon in moving in f avow if the adoption of a wealth tax. It might be Aid that he divided bis speech into three parts. First, be essayed to prove that tbe Misting method of taxation is inequitable; lecond, that Mr. Russell is not pouessed of a liigh degree of intelligence; and third, that ft wealth tax should be imuoied. For an hoot ud a half he rolled out his rhetorical thunder, which, loud though it wu, did not keep awak* ill the members of the party to which Mr. Ward belongs, although; the member* of the Labour party remained very much »wake, and an noyed tbe speaker with their constant inter ruptions. The Hon. W. Russell wu so moved that be wu impelled to rise and oppose a wealth tax, after whiob the debate wu ad journed to October 10, when the Hon. D. 3L Charleston will present tbe obverse side of Mr. Ward's picture. Tbe Presidents the LsgislatiTeCouncilgave another most important ruling on Wednesday. Last week tbe second reading of the Council Franchise Extension Bill was put and nega tived, but tbe Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick wu anxious to rescind that motion and have the second reading put again. The Hon. £. Ward questioned whether he could do so. The President, who had bad private notice of tbe question, gave an elaborate ruling, which will be printed and taken into consideration next Wednesday. Ibe Legislative Oounoil approved of the proposal* of tbe Government to pur chase land as Booyoolie and Mjtcbam for division into working men's blocks. The amendment of tbe Hon. W. Russell to limit the price for the Booyoolie section to £4 per acre wu negatived by a substantial majority. The Hon. J. J. Duncan, in referring to tbe Mitcham land, struck a new note when b» objected to these blocks near the city on the ground that they tended towards objection able central u_tioD. On the Aisenibly meeting the Premier bad a little surprisB for Mr. Grainger, giving notice of a Probate Amendment BUL Mr. Grainger returned the compliment with in terett, discovering to tbe astonishment of the Ministry and the annoyance of tbe Premier that it is necessary for a notice of motion by a Minuter to be seconded, as in tbe case of a private member. Tho Standing Order had been honoured in the breach for yean. Tbe Moral Philosopher of tbe Labour party, Mr. Wood, wu cheered as he rose at quarter pus 2 to more for the abolition of capital punishment. He did not say, like the French satirist, ' Lei the usastios begin. ' Tbe quality of Mr. Wood's mercy towardi murderers if not strained was variegated. Forti6ed by modest tomes, Mr. Justice Bundey's pamphlet, and the Holy Scriptures, he built up a speech of shred* and patohes, opening with a profound argument to show that excessive punishment defeated the object From the disorder prevailing in the Uoutp, every member being in earnest conversation with his neighbour, tbe punishment did not fit the crime, for the object of publio speaking to preserve quiet in Parliament wu defeated. Though disowning sentiment, the modern Mosul forgot the judioial meekness due to his office, asd assaulted tbe law for murdering murderers, pioturiog the executioner and Sheriff livid snd trembling in o?ery limb while enaotiag the tragedy. His bumaoitarianism would not grant a poor wretch a stimulant to enable him to take bis punishment manfully. While be abhorred capital punishment u revengeful. be argued that tbe lite sentence wu a belter deterrent because a severer infliction. 'Would yon abolish both?' acutely asked ;he Attorney General. With much feeling Mr. Wood pointed out that human nature wu frail and oirooa ?taucB oompelled crime. Moses committed murder. (The Pramier— ' Justifiable hoati oide.') Mr. Wood said Moses slew 3,000 persons for worshipping the golden calf. How many would be executed if that offence received like punishment today ' Mr. Handy side, who wu growing tired of tbe sermon, enquired — ' But you don't believe all that, do you?' Mr. Wood said tU eocmandmsnt was 'Thou shall not kill' ilr. Burgoyne— 'An eye for an eye and a tooth fora tooth.' Mr. Wood-' That's not in tbe commandment.' Mr. Ash— 'No; it was put in the schedule.' Mr. Wood pro ceeded with a digest of Mojaio law oa tbe doath penalty, with annotations by Mr. Justice Bonder, contrasting it with the New Dispensation of mercy to all. In the mean time many members had calls to tbe Smoking room ; of the others not two listened. Lees than half a dozen strangers were attracted to the cushions under the clook. Tbe disooum' whioh included a protest against a man leav ing his wifo and children at home to go abroad and fight in adjective wu, continued till twenty minutes past 3. The Admirable Cricbton uid the Judge invariably added a pious wish in passing tbe awtul sentence, and received a lesson in Eng lish. Mr. A*h-' Nod always.' Mr. Wood 'Iaaid invariably.' Mr. Ash-' Ipu't that the same?' Mr. Wood to tbe Attorney-General— ' Is it the same V The Premier—' Approxi mately.' Mr. Wood was grateful for the information. He objected to low orimmals being employed to adjust tbe rope. The Premier—' The position is not coveted by tbe -lite.** Mr. Solomon (mischievously)-' It depends who is to be strung up.' Mr. Wood said no further argument was needed against oapital punishment than that tbe Melbourne hangman suicided rather tban exooute Mm. Knorr. (Uosb.) Even the strong-minded Premier was moved when tbe life of Brown was pleaded for. The labour of mordwers could be profitably utilized. Mr. Aeh-A week or two ago you were complaining of tbe competition of prison labour. As an anti climax Mr. Short moved u an amendment so make the motion read— ?':' '??''?? ^tbaVaUparikhueBt be abolished now and here after.?;;.-..; :,-. :.:, ..-???? ?^Mr. Moule on a point of order asked if Ihe House had anything to do with the hereafter. The Speaker took tbe amendment jocularly. (Hou. J. H. Howe-' We will til vote for it though.') We have nothing to do with the hereafter. ('Wish we hadn't.') Several members wished to snuff out the morion utraightwey, but Mr. Caldwell secured the adjournment till October 31. , The Philosopher of tbe Common Place and rarliomentary Poet, Mr. Caldwell, took up a subject of practical Sgurei, the appoijtmoot of a Finance Committee. He did not start hia history earlier tban the memorable triumvirate— Mems. Homburg, Johnson, and Fumer^-whoie appointment to revue Esti mates showed tbef necessity for improTed methods, «ad ha drew his diiiefecpport from Mr. Gladstone, whe regarded, a Committee of Pnblio Accounts at giving completeness to the system of Parliamentary control over Parliamentary money, because Parliament was not an adminutrativa body. It was to be an honorary appointment. He would not be able to join it, bat sevsoi other qnali6ed members could be fonnd. '-.Not so qualified is yon,' sneered Mr. Arohiciald, oblivious of his own weakness for playing Sir Oracle. At ten minutes to 4 Mr. Homburg secured the adjournment of the debate till October 3. 'Dandy Willie, the wm baby of the House, six feet high in his stockings and muoh idmired by the fair,' asked the House for an upeotive new toy-a polHng-plaoa in the rarritoryia a locality which after much diffi julty had been fixed. The P rainier said there were three restdentadnlts. 'Black or white?' sskad Mr. White, and Mr. Brooker itrere rantly replied ' Piobald. ' 1 'ending the Elec toral Bill the debate wu adjourned till October 31, Mr. Solomon pro testing. In an extremely apologtitio speech Mr. Boneybesr took half an hour to ask for a Select Committee as to tha Preits's patent railway joint, which he claimed meant longer life to a line. The Eaginetr-in-Ohief had a bias against it Mr. Bnrgoyue judicially sup ported. At 4.40 Mr. Bntlw moved the ad journment of the debate; negatived by 30 to 14\. Mr. Landseer wished to encourage Sooth Australian inventive genius. Mr. McPbenon utended the aoope of the enquiry to R. A kite's or any other inveo.tion for the same [rarpose. After Mr. MoDjoald had spoken ihe Commissioner of Public Works adjourned :ha debate for a fortnight. At 4.35 began the battle of the tariff, which asted till late at night. Mir. P.iddoch was iDcoeaafal in referring to Committee the duties m freezing machinery. Mr. Aah'e free break fast table was divided upon as follows:— Abolition of duty on tea,* for 16, against 23, osi by 7 ; on sugar, for 16, against 23. lost by r;on oocoa, coffee, and birosine, for 16, igainst 25, lost by S. Mr. Aih tod the ran pkasnre of leading the Labour party to the righi of the chair. Mr. McPhenon supported the proposal to unmilate the duty on twine to the Victorian tariff, but prated the lottl attiole. Mr. Brooker, who is an uncontoio-as mimio of the Premier's manneritm, patronitingly allowed the motion to go, seeing tiers was a big ma jority for it The motion wa* carried on the roioes. Mr. Bartlett, Mr. WAite, and Major Dastine advocated the abolition of the duty » malleable ploughshares. The Treasurer -ppoeed. The duty, 15 psr cent., was no* excessive. Besides, wa- could make t good article. Mr. Ash— That shows iha doty is not wanted. Mr. White Save you tried it on stiff clay. The rreasurer— It is unfair to thu manufacturer to out off the duty without notice. Major Dutine— Oh, that's good, after three years' lotioa. Mr. Freetrader Short #atd the Trea surer did not know anything about it. One imported share was equal to three local shares. Fhe dnty meant 5d. per share. The Hon. J. EL Howe noted that the total amount of dnty received from shares was £217. The Govern oent Whip added to Mr. Howe's testimony the excellent character of the colonial irttcle. Mr. Ash moved to strike out 'malleable' share. The Chairman accepted the amendment, but the Premier objeoting he lisallowed it on the ground that tne larger inestion was not remitted to the Committee. Major Cantine— I think you are right, Mr. Chairman. The division gave the farmers a majority of 2, the numbers being 22 and 20. The Treasurer opposed the remission tf duties on oream separators. The butter industry was not entitled to a bonus at toth ends. The machinery was being made in theoolony. Mr. Bartlett hoped the House would not listen to the Goveraoent, as many farmers were only getting 3d. per lb. for bolter. Mr. McDonald stated that creameries were absolutely necessary, and yet the Go rernmant demanded 20 per cant. duty. Captain Randall broke silence amidst cheers, and remarked that the separators were patents, sod could not be made here. The bonus ex pired this year. Mr. While and Major Oaitine supported. The Premier blew the big Sovernment trumpet for the deleotation of tanners. The tremendous effort at tooting resulted in a perfect ' squeak, ' and Mr. Kingston explained that the Opposition Kjueak was catching. The Premier buttressed up Protection as vigorously is if it were in danger. Mr. Galdwell— Protection gone mad. The Premier struck up the moiio for (he desereing artisan. Mr. Archibald eloquently helped the Premier, and toted to enlighten Major Castine, but gave up (be task, for whiohthe gallant member returned thanks. Mr. Galdwell expressed surprise at the Premier'eolaptrap. Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and Ne» Zealand bad not imposed a duty. The bonus bad stimu lated the industry to overproduction. Mr. Solomon moved an amend mant to add the words after 'oream separators' 'which are protected by patents and are not per mitted to be manufactured in toe colony.' Mr. Brooker reminded the Premier that his speech was applicable so twine, and talked till 6.20, despite cries against stonewalling. Mr. Griffiths triad to closure the debate, and the Labour party called fora division, but were defeated by 23 to 2L Mr. Solomon's amend ment was earned. At 6.27 Mr. Batebeior secured the floor, and talked the House into a late sitting as a protest againit alleged gagging. After dinner he apologized for bringing members back, but it was reported the night before that the Labour party would force a late sitting because the Country party were getting too much their own way lately. In consequence there was an acrid subflavour intbedebates. Mr. Johnson intimated that the farmers were proteotingthamselvesagainstthose who were trying to place burdens on the land. Mr. Blaoker stated that the Labour members would have to go out farming shortly, and as they would want creameries in their interest they should abolish the duty. Mr. Price and Mr.* Griffiths, and Mr. MoPherson and Mr. Johnson, exchanged Piokwickian compliments. At balf-patt 8 the Government was defeated by 24 to 17. Mr. Solomon moved for tbe abolition of dnty on such portions of mining machinery and goldsaving appliances which are pro tected by pateol and are not permitted to bo manufactured h*re. The Treasurer piteously protested against leaps in tho dark. They were eating into the revenue and open ing tbe tariff. Mr. Granger could not let ihe opportunity pass without showing how tbe Government were suffering from ghosts. The Treasurer had promised not to reopen tbe tariff. Tbe Premier interfered with the jjhmaelite, and learnt that he had no more pluck than a fowl Mr. Johnson and Mr. Grainger provided a little oomedy in an effort to improve the text of the resolution. Mr. Grainger said Mr. Johnson's cold had gone to his head, and Mr. Johnson retorted that the buffoon must have his way. How mining experts love one another ! At 9 o'clock the Government defeated the motion by 19 to 18. Mr. Mouie tned to abolish the 30*. per ton duty on corrugated iron, which, it is alleged, it imposed to employ two man and a boy, »nd Mr. Archibald opposed. After the last division Mr. Grainger said tbe best thing to do when the Bill was brought down was to knock the whole thing out. Mr. Butler having securtJ the twine concession forgot bis friends. After an hour's discussion the motion wm negatived by 31 to 6. At 10 o'clock Mr. Riddoch urged the remis sion of duties on freezing machinery in order to start the export meat trade. That fair Op positionist, Mr. Horaburg, considered that the Government bad done enough for the industry, nd voiced an altered tendency, namely, to undo all tbe tariff tiokering. Sjuih-Eastern members supported the o..nces»ion. Anaoo naly was pointed out by Mr. Poynton, who remarked that an inferior freezing machine wm admitted free but tbe superior article cu*re«-d about £ 6D0 duty. Mr. Riddoch would i » icwpt an amendment to exempt patented parU of machinery. Tbe freaiurer opposed ihe proposal, as the Government had been mffioientlT liberal. At twenty miuuteeto 11 Mr. Homburgand Mr. Grain-er asked for an tdjooromeot, which the Government refused. Mr. Riddoch, who wanted a ?oiler House, moved -'That tbe Chair nan report progress. Negatived by 21 to 12. Further discussion followed. Mr. Riddooh moved bis motion again at 1L3 p.m., and carried it by 23 to 12, tbe Labour party voting in tbo majority against the Go vernment. The debate was adjourned till October 3. ... , j j The Notice-paper was rapidly cleared, and tbe House rose at 11.14 p.m. To-day the As sembly will consider the amended Customs Bill and the land, income, and absentee two*. If the latter debate is dewed early the Lake Banner, South- Eastem Drainage, and other Bills are available for discussion. The Counoi have the OonoiliatioB and Federal Council Bills in hand. 