MOUX r CAHBIER. (From our own Correspondent.) June 13. The potato market is very unsettled at present, and buyers have been offering j£2 per ton at the railway station, but very few sales have been effected at that price. The total export per rail for the past week amounts to about 400 tons, being a slight increase on the previous week. The ghost scare still continues, and and nearly every night someone (generally a female) is favored with a glimpse at the spirit. It is a geeat .pity that the ghost cannot be captured. At the Mutual Improvement Society's meeting in the PresbytefigJi school-room last night Mr. Solomon mve a very interesting exhibition of bis hypnotic powers. Out of about fifteen persons who went on the stage, Mr. Sjcdomon chose three as being suitable subjects, and their eccentricities, caused by the loss of muscular power, when under the influence, caused some amusement.- After--serieq of experiments lasting for about half arv Mr. Solomontlismissed bis subjects, said that at some future time he would willingly give an exhibition of and thought transference. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr, Solomon for his interesting lecturette. The corporation and local district councils are going in for simultaneous sparrow destruction, to-day being the first ay of the campaign. With poisoned wheat awaiting them in every back yard, and small bovs. with catapults to disturb peaceful meditations, the sparrow's will be a poor mark for an insurance company, in this town at any rate. The Gompton football team met the on Saturday ~last, but were not quite good enough for their opponents, The scores at the finish were—Alberts 3 goals 10 behinds, Gompton 1 goal 8 behinds. The best match of the season was played to-day between the Alberts and Imperials. The Alberts led off with a rush, and after some smart play Boardman notched a goal, some good play ensued, and at half time'die scores were— Alberts 1 goal 1 behind, Imps. nil. On resuming, the Imps worked together better, and Millington securing, by. a splendid kick, scored the first goal for the Imps. Fast play was then shown, the Imps, passing the ball very cleverly from one end of the ground to the other, but the defence was too strong for them to score much. The final scores were— Alberts 1 goal 3 behinds, Imps. 1 goal 3 behinds. - The premiership points at present are—Mounts 6, Alberts 8, Imperials 6, Comptons 0. The Moorak Trophy competition for members of the local voluntesr companies has brought out a good number of competitors, no less than 48 men .having entered for the first quarter's trial. An old resident of the district, in the person of Mrs. Blakesly, passed away on Suliday night, at the age of 78. Mrs. Blakesly came to Victoria in 1840, and for the last 48 years has. bedh a resident of this district, residing at one time at Mil Lei Station, and afterwards at Yahl Park. The funeral took place this afternoon, and was largely attended by the many friends of the deceased lady. The weather continues favorable for the growth of vegetables, nice sunny days being followed by showery nights. 