BUYING A GHOST. AN INCORPOREAL HEREDITAMENT A curious action was brought to a termina tion in the Chancery Division oF the High Court of Justice, London, on April IS. The plaintiff. Mr. S^U-Hall, had agreed to pur chase irotn the defendant, th-3 liarl of Abrag ton, the house known as Cumuor Place, under the impres&ion; that it was the one mentioned in ' Kenilworth' as beiug haunted by the ghost of Amy Robsarb. Afterwards he ascer tained that the Cuinnor referred to stood some distance away, and he therefore instituted pro ceedings to have the contract rescinded. Mr. AugUBtme Birrell, Q.C., was for the plaintiff, and in opening said his clienti, Mr. Scott-Hail was a geutlem*n of historical tastes. In July, lSi-2, his attention was direoved to an adver tisement for the sale of Cumnor Place, whicti was Raid to be tbe scorns of Amy Robsart's death. Plaintiff attended the auction sale and bid £2,010, ou the strength, as he maintained, of the auctioneer's declaration that the property in question was identical with tbat) described by Sir Walter Scott in 'Keailworta' ae the place where Amy Robsart lived and loved Leicester until her violent end, presumably at tbe Earl's instiga tion. The plaintiff further thought he was getting the old Douglas chamber, which was traditionally supposed to be haunted by poor Amy's gbosts. Mr. Justice North asked whether that was considered an advantage. Mr. Birrell said it was to a gentleman of hiB client's tastes. It was certainly an extra in duci-mene to him to purchase. Mr. W. E. Scott-Hall then went into the box. He is a gentleman with black beard and moustache, dressed in clerical garb, although in answer to the judge he paid he was not a clergyman. He was alert aud matter-of tact in his manner, with a business-like way which teomed at variancerwith a passion for gh- iBts and historical traditions. He bore oub his counsel's opening. Mr. Justice. North — Is it the fact that you were willing to give £2,000 for Cumnor Place before you were awnre that (he gh-.,et- was there ?— Yes. So that you only gave an additional £10 for the ghost ?— Yes. (Laughter). The Earl deniBd any misrepresentations by his agents, and, in other words, said he did not promise to deliver any consignment' of ghosts such as the plaintiff appeared to have expected. Plaintiff's reply was than if he had been buying mere real estate and not also a Btock of ghosts upon the estate he should not have given £2,010 for a house let at £40. As a business transaction that! wou'd have baen absurd, but as a bargain in apparitions and as a deal in historical associations tbe price, was not so abnormal. Tbe auctioneer repeated ly eaid, plaintiff maintained, that this was ' Cumnor Place, where Auiy Robsart d ied, ' and that visitors oanie from all parct of the world, especially America, to see it. Antiquarians aud others having testified to the building not being the actual house where Amy Robsart died the judge said plaintiff had seen the house before he purchased it, and acknow ledged tbat he was familiar with Scott's ' Keuil worth.' Scott distinctly stated that Cumuor Place was at the west end of the church, whereas this property was south- i-ast of the. church. Moreover, it abutted on the roadside, whereas Scott described Cumnor Place as being reached through an approach ' dark as a wolf's mouth.' When Mr. Scott Hall went down to see the property he did not ask the tenants a question about the room in which Amy Robsart died, or anything similar. That to him was almnec conolusive that (he plaintiff did not believe he was buying the house where Amy Robsart died. He did not believe that the plaintiff acted under tbe alleged misrepresentations. He did not be lieve for a moment tbat the plaintiff thought this substantial bouse win the building where A.my Robsart died, and the action would be dismissed with costs. A verdict for the defen dant on his counter-claim for specific per formance would naturally follow. In point of fact (the St. James's Gazette says) Sir Walter's 'haunted towers of Cumnor Hall' never stood anywhere. Anthony Forster's Cumnor was an unpretentious edifice, without any towers, in a close hard by the church where be himself liea buried. In this house was tbe room known afterwards as tbe Dudley chamber, aud the fateful ' paire of stayres ' at the bottom of whioh Lady Robert) Dudley, nee Robsart, was fouud with a broken neck that Sunday evening. But this Cumnor Place has been off the face of the earth for four-score years and more, and not even popular prejudice can compel a ghost to haunt a houee that has ceased to exist. That, as affirmed by ' the other side,' Lady Dudley's ghost) took to a neighboring pond is an asser tion that needs confirmation by Mr. Andrew Lang, without whose knowledge no historic tpook could possibly commit stiicide. 