The Storyteller. The Fight at Newbridge. A TALE OF ;i)8. Written for "The Southern Cross" by John Connelly. CHAPTER VI. There is no more powerful motive of friendship than a taste in common between individuals. Be it a taste for money-mak ing, sport, reading, or even roguery, it is ever an incentive to that communion of spirit and interchange of ideas which is always a source of pleasure, and sometimes of profit. 'Larry and James had become almost inseperable. .The beautiful Irish music afforded them ample material for practise on their favorite instruments and for much conversation. Larry had all the old melodies at his fingers' tips, and would expound them for hours at a time to liis co- enthusiast. They would play duets together, with Mrs. Moloney, and occasion ally Miss Houghton for an audience. The worthy housekeeper was sometimes disposed to be critical. She would take exception to the time of a time, or a bar, or the pitch of a note ; she would look wise and shake her head occasionally, as if Larry's execution did not reach her high standard of excel lence. Larry would submit with a good grace, and give the required rendering, though he bent low his head to hide an amused smile which would curl about his lips. Larry was seated in his usual place at the kitchen fire, tuning his pipes, when his name was called sharply by his young master. " Larry, Larry, come here, you rascal, and leave your d fiddling!" Larry rose reluctantly, and put away his beloved pipes carefully. He entered the room where his master was seated, his head resting on his hand, seemingly in deep thought. He seemed unaware of Larry's presence for a time. At last he looked up, and motioned him to a seat. " What road do you usually follow when you are out riding with Miss Houghton ?" he asked abruptly. " The nearest road, master." " You are to be seen frequently on the mountain road, eh ?" "The mountain air is pood for Miss Houghton. Signs on it—the roses are growing deeper in her cheeks, the sweet young lady," remarked Larry, suavely. " And you are frequently accompanied by a third party, who plays the part of attendant cavalier to Miss Houghton. Is it not so ?" "Faith, masther, ye are mistaken. I have never seen any tendher cavalier with Miss Houghton. But she is such a kind young lady that she will bid ' good day' or give,a few words to any girsha or gorsoon she- meets. But: I will make them keep their distance, and not persbuiiie so far, for the future." "D your prevarication!" said his master savagely. '»By heavens! you are a most discreet esquire. Do you (tore deny that St is that rebel scoundrel OYJarroll who presumes to accost my cousin Sh this mapner ?" When Larry heard the words " rebel scoundrel" applied to Owen O'Carroll his eyes glittered with as fierce a light as that which' shbne in' his master's. He would have liked to hurl back the insult in his teeth, but he restrained his fast rising anger, and answered calmly: "I deny that' "the * rebel BCOundfeT O'Carrbllj as ybvtr honor calls him, has ever addressed Miss Houghton." He dismissed Larry with a wave of his hand, and began pacing the room moodily. The demon* of jealousy had laid hold of him, and tore and tngged at him until the veins of his forehead would start out like knotted cords and his teeth would clench in'rage and hate. He had conceived a fierce mad passion for his cousin Joan, but that passion had not aroused one generous emotion or kindly feeling. He had pressed his attentions on her, but she recoiled from him with an instinctive loathing while affecting that friendship and politeness which her position as his cousin and guest demanded. She saw the evil of his nature through the mask of hypocrisy which he put on—with her clear truthful eyes she saw down into the black depths of liis soul. Her opinion of him was confirmed by certain words which had fallen from him in unguarded moments, from whispers of his evil doings among the people, of the fiendish cruelties in which he delighted, and in which he was such an adept. He felt that she did not care for him; he saw the shrinking from his touch, the coldness of her manner, the lack of brightness and sparkle in bearing and conversation while with him, which were such a charm to others. He was sure these charms were displayed in their fullest for another—the " rebel scoundrel" O'Carroll. How he hated liiin! Suddenly he paused in his walk. " By heavens!" he muttered between his teeth, " I will do it—1 will place her beyond his reach. The fool is infatuated with the fellow; she will be going off with him if something is not done to prevent it. But 1 will spoil their little game, by G !" Power went out of the house, and walked on for miles, working out in his mind the plot which he was about to put into execu tion. He was on the point of returning when he came face to face with another pedestrian, Mr. Houghton, who was strol ling along quietly in a manner that became hi6 years. He was followed at a respectable distance by James and Larry, who was narrating to his companion fearful stories of ghosts, goblins, and haunted places ; the history of every family of note in the neighborhood within a radius of twenty miles, and in particular the doings of the village in the way of courtship, sport, and " divarsliun " of all kinds, of which he was an unrivalled chronicler. He frequently called up a smile to the sedate features of Jauies by some quaint reflection or sly touch of humor. In the midst of the discourse Larry oc casionally cast a glance of mingled curiosity and amusement at something which his companion carried under his arm. It was a blunderbuss of antique pattern, with a large and curiously carved stock (which was in itself a fairish lode for a man), and a barrel that yawned fearfully at the muzzle, presenting the appearance of a miniature cannon. He had bought it of a Dublin armourer, when his master was contemplat ing the journey to the country. For his master's safety he had some fears, and he was naturally auxious for his own ; and he fondly hoped he was securing both from the attacks of the rebels by showing himself abroad with such an engine of destruction under his arm. " That's a wonderful thing entirely that you are carrying out with you," Larry re marked at last; "it's summit like a gun now." " It is a gun, Larry," said James, assum ing as martial an appearance as he could. " It would do great desthruction in a bat tle—faith, ye might cover a whole regiment with it. And what might ye have it loaded with ? " "With various things—nails, pieces of iron and such like," said James. " It must take a powerful charge of pow dlier to fire them off, now." "Powder!" exclaimed James; " why, I forgot the powder!" Larry stood in the middle of the road and indulged in such a hearty fit of laughter that the tears rolled down his cheeks. James looked very crest-fallen. His dig nity was lowered by this exposure of his ignorance. He resolved to cover his re treat, as it were, by a desperate move. " What would yon think now of a nuttch between Mr. Power and my young lady ? " " God forbid that it should happen!" said Larry earnestly. "Do not mention them together; he is not worthy to tie her shoes." " I could not wish my dear young mis tress a better fate," said James. " He is young and rich, a loyal gentleman, and very much in love with her, as any one can see. Now, what's the impediment to a happy union between them Y " " She does not care for him," said Larry, with the air of a man who knew a good deal more than he might say. " There's another that she's not indifferent to—a man every inch of him. He can beat any man at hurley or putting the stone in the three parishes, and put down the priest himself at the larnin'. If ye spoke of a match, now, between him an Miss Houghton it would be more to the purpose, and wouldn't Larry be the happy man if she was Mrs. Owen O'Carroll—bedad, it would cure me of my own little throuble." Larry, doubtless, alluded to the hard fate which stood between him and a happy imion with Mrs. Moloney. The buxom widow had made that union dependent on one thing—that Larry should bring to the common stock of wealth, prior to setting up in business on their own account, the sum of fifty pounds. s There were times when Larry saw that sum looming in the near future, but at others, generally after a fair, races, or a merry-making, his little horde had dwindled considerably, and Mrs. Moloney was as far from being Mrs. Larry Neillasever. "Ah! how I mind the day," he went on musingly, " when the great faction fight was going on at the fair of L ,,and Mr. Owen went in among the bojs and separated them, and* he gave the ring leaders such a beating that they were afraid to lead their factions into the town ever since." While Larry and James were thus con versing, their masters were engaged in more serious talk. They were now ap proaching the house, and Hugh Power stopped suddenly and placed his hand on Mr. Houghton's shoulder. "I am about to touch a delicate sub ject," he said, "and my apology is the great interest I have in the person princi pally concerned. I allude to Miss Houghton. You cannot hut know how great is the affection I bear her, and the position I would wish to occupy in regard to her. Can you blame me that I am interested in her actions—can you understand my feel ings when I know that she is in danger of compromising herself with a man who chanced to render her a little service. I think it right to let you know that this fellow is forcing his company on her, and paying her attentions which she has been foolish enough to encourage." Mr. Houghton heard him in silence, and then turned to him with a face in which passion and pain were struggling for the mastery. He had been wounded in his sorest part by this reference to his daughter, whom he knew to be the soul of honor and candor. Short as had been his stay in the house of the Powers, he had formed no high opinion of the character or private life of this young man, and lie hated to hear him speak of his daughter in terms so familiar and insulting. " Please do not discuss the matter further," he said, coldly. " I have un bounded confidence in my daughter's pro priety and discretion." He turned sharply away and entered the house, while Power leant over the gate, looking after him with a mocking smile on his lips, meditating on the bold stroke which would place Joan utterly in his power. His plan was this :—He would carry her off by force, steathily, and place her in confinement in the house of a friend of his who lived in a wild and remote locality. He knew he was safe in com mitting such an outrage. He intended taking all precautions to conceal the deed, but should he be discovered there was no one to bring him to account. He was the law, and as such could hardly proceed against himself. He had thrown out these hints to Mr. Houghton for the purpose of arousing suspicion in his inind. On whom could suspicion fasten with any show of reason but on O'Carroll, her acknowledged lover. (To be continued). 