HIS 0WrN ACGUSERI. BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY (Author of "'ufrled."). (Published by Speoial Arrangemont with [essrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) OCHIAPTEl V.--( Continhd.) Both men started to their feet in alarm, and Nicky thrust the necktie and pin into his pocket, for the outer d·oor was suddenly burst open with a bang as some one hurriedly entered the bar for shelter. They could hear him breathing hard, as though he had been running, and stamping his feeoot and shaking the dripping rain from his hat. Job slid along the bench to look through the crack of the door at the newcomer, but the man's back was turned. He could only see that he was dressed in broadcloth, with a light summer overcoat buttoned up to his chin, but the figure was familiar. \- The barmaid returned to her post to serve the new customer. ' Give me some brandy,' he gasped, 'I'm wet thlrough.' 'Yes, sir.' The stolid barmaid became very energetic, and bustled out into the back room, and whispered to some body. In a moment the fat landlady' her self' appeared, wiping her hands on her apron, intent upon serving the customer herself. He was evidently one of some importance, but her greeting was more civil than cordial. 'Good evening, sir, good evening. 'The rain is 'Never mind the rain, give me some brandy.' 'Yes, sir, certainly. What brandy would you like ?' "'Brandy, woman, brandy; any kind of brandy. I shall catch my death of cold.' ' Yea, sir.' ''Who is it, Job; do yer know 'im ? ' whispered Nicky to his friend, peering through the crack of the door. 'Yes, I know 'im,' replied Job -between his clenched teeth. ' Let's 'ave a look.' He pulled Job aside and took possession of the point of observation. The gentleman in the bar was now facing in the 'direction of the tap-room door, with the light full 'on his pale face, and he thought he was alone, the bar being ompty. He supported himself with one hand upon the leaden counter, while with the other he unbuttoned his coat. His face was ashen, and his eyes dilated as with the recollection of some recent terror. 'Looks for all the world like as if the coppers was on 'is track, and not far behind, neither,' whispered Nicky. 'I'vo seen that look afore now in the looking- glass.' The object of his scrutiny had by this time unbuttoned his coat from top ·to bottom. Job felt himself suddenly clutched by his comrade. 'Look! look! look, Job!' whis pered Nicky in suppressed excite ment, making room for his friend to peeoo.' .- ? 'PVoll, what?' asked the dull witted Job, after'a disappointed soru tiny. _ 'OCan't yer see? Look again. Look at 'is nook,' \- 'Oan't see nothin'.' 'Oan't yor see,. Job, 'is necktie's gorn ?' Job began to comprehend. 'It was 'is'n,' he whispered, It was' 'is gun-the one what he shot- ' 'EhL?' 'I'll tell you when he's gone, mato I CHAPTER VI. TriE ouIl THm OTIN 1-TllE RsAL ITROUI AIOUT T?HI? iURDEIu, The reader has no doubt guessed that It was Stephon Markham who murdered Eddie Wildo, and seoorated the gun in Hazel Wood, In his guilty fear ie had put the weapon there, hardly knowing why, but impressed with a vague terror that it might, in some way, tollits own tale. WheIn, however, the rash statements in the dead man's diary gave credeneoo t·o the theory of suicide, and the whole aflair blow over, . the murderer's Snaturally moan spirit prompted him to reoover his gun, It was a good one, a useful one, a very exponsivo one. On coiisidoration he thought he had been voery foolish to leave it there at all. Could a gun speak? Could it bear testimony against himn ? 'No, he would recover it and use it again, What if murder had been done with it, wore not all guns 'made for killing ? So he argued with himsolf, and went stealthily to rogain it, But now the gun had bocomeo a danger indeeood, Two men had started out of'the darkness, had tried to solio tho weapon, There was a struggle, a shot, a. ory from one of his aussailants whom hi had probably woundod porhaps killed, Who an d what are they and Whlat had he doone ? A lor firing he had dashed away blindly into the thicklness of the wood, grasph g the gun in his hand, never s.toppiug until ho roeached the fatr end of the wood. There he waitod ' mroment, panting and listening to seeoo if he woro p1urscud, .ilho gun I the gun I T'hat wats hlsla one thought, What shouldho do withl 'The srnumor lightning' flilcered thlrough the treeos and lighted up his pallid faco, and the rain beogan to pour down out of the darkness, The gn I the gun IlHe ]held the hatoful thllg ln hirs hand I Ho thrust it hurriedlyl bnoath the nearest bulsh and kiokedlc it in as far as it would go, Then 'h]o listonoed again fearfully 'or sounds 'of hia purs , No; only the rumbling thunder and the ghostly whispering rain. His legs shook under .him, and his teeth chattered with superstitious fear. Those two? Were. they ghosts or evil spirits sent to terrify him.? They had come out of the darkness before him just as the other two had done on the night of the dinner at the ' Stag,' and he had shot at them, and there was a loud cry just as there was when he had raised his gun'in the darliess and shot young Eddie Wildo. Which way should he turn ? It was black darkness on every side except where, in the distance, a twinkling light relieved the gloom. Dare he'go that way? SHe dared not stay there in the darkness and the rain, with the light ning* flashing weirdly through the trees. He turned and hurried blindly across the open field towards the distant light, never stopping to look back. As the storm increased, so his terror grew. 'Hanged! hanged! and I did it!' wailed a voice in the darkness, after a more than usually brilliant flash. Two ghosts in the `form of men again stood out grimly in the sul phurous light. He heard their voices as they mocked him. He fancied, too, they were pursuing him. Unspeakable terror--terror such as turns a man's hair grey in a single night- possessed him, and he fled away towards the light of the" distant inn. OHAPTER VII. HOW EDDIE WILDE OAIEE BY 1HIS END IITIS [UrDERER AnID IlS MIrETHODS. Markham had not meant to kill young Wilde. His gun had been raised to shoot another man, none other than Phil Raynor himself. He had been at the dinner at the Stag Inn, given in honor of Phil's coming of ago and the accession to the family estates, which he, Markham, had so long hold as trustee. At the dinner he had been insulted -yes, there was no other word for it -by some of the more daring spirits. They talked about him, and at him, and across him at the table, till he was thoroughly maddened by their barbed shafts; yet nothing was done or said that he oodld reasoiiably have re pudiated. What added to the smart of his humiliation was the fact that he knew that on the morrow he must render up to Phil, his new master, an account of the Chesfield estates, and that before another day passed Phil would brand him as a felon,' and perform that unpleasant office, too, with the greatest satisfaction. The fun at the dinner had waxed fast and furious, and the number of empty champagne and spirit bottles inoreased to an alarming extent. The lawyer had not boon pressed to drink much, and he kept a cool head; but he soon saw that the abstemious Phil Rlaynor was hopelesslyinebriated by the mixture of liquids forced upon him. In his mind, as he sat there, he pictured the new squire of Chesfield staggering, home in the darkness across the fields, intoxi9ated, helpless. Like an inspiration fresh from hell there.had flashed across the felon's mind the possibility of intercepting his new master on his way home, and silenoing him for ever, thus gainlng a short respite from the inovitable dis covery of his embezzlements. The idea camne in an instant, and he grasped it at once. There was, he felt, no time to'lmoditate. It would have to be done at once, or the oppor tunity would be lost, and his last chance gone. Whilst the revellers were straining their lungs in cheering the toast of the 'Rose of Ilchester,' he stealthily left them, tlaking his gun and his cartridge case. As he quietly slipped out he heard an alteroation between Phil and his friend Eddie WVilde. Phil was insist ingi upon going home alone, and threatening to shoot anybody who opposed his will. Like most gentle and dooile people, under the influence of drink he had beooome furious and reokleoss. With swift footsteps Mnarkham made his way along the footpath to the Bury Mcoadow, and stationed himself behind a hedge a few yards from the footpath along which Phil must pass on his way home, Here, in the loneliness of the open fields, and under cover of the night, he had waited with bated breath the coming of his unsuspecting victim, All was still except a gentle rustling wind which swept past him in little gusts, cooling the heavy sweat which stood out in beads upon his forehead. He waited awhile with chattering teeth, but no Phil made his appear ance. The long minutes crept by slowly, oh, so slowly, and gave him time to think, to repent, to turn coward. But he tried not to think; he clenched his teeth' and grasped his double-barrelled gun with an iron grip, and would not allow himself to answer the taunts of conscience. ' Yoli dare not 'do :'it'' whispered conscience; 'it is murder! Give it up and fly the country before it is too late.' "' He only gripped his guu' the tighter and shut his ears. ' You may be found out, and then you will be in a much worse plight. Give it up, it is too desperate. You may not kill him, only wound hinm, and that would mean only' a short respite.' His hands only clenched, the gun and, listen! There is a sound of slow, heavy foot steps. Now is the time or never! In another,moment the approaching shadow will be passing along on the other side' of the edge right opposite to where he is kneeling. He thrusts his gun through the hedge, and levels it to his shoulder. The footsteps are quite near now. In another moment he sees a moving figure before him, and fires. (To' bo oon?tnued.) 