EPITOME OF NEWS. Probate of the will of the lato W. P. Green, of TaBmama, 'hM'boBQ »t SlOOiOOO. Mr J. P. Hayes, x>l Kincora, Hawthorn, rescued a little girl from drowning ia the Yarra on Monday morning. The act is.de«crib«a.»8 a mast plucky one. At the recant burglary of a store near Partes (N.S. W.)aman namea Hall was badly wounded by a revolver shot, fired by.one, of ,the, b,arglar«. Be died in . the local, hospital. One man bus been arrested on suBpicion. The effects of the. late Eagene Posaet. who was recently murdered at North Melbourne were sold by auction on Monday. " There was a large attendance of curiosity mongers., but ; only email prices were realised. At the inquest on Tuesday ion-Mrs. Pemberton, the widow who was kiUod. on Friday by an accident to hercarriage ,at the corner of Qiieen and OoIlids-stMete, the jury returned. a verdict of accidental death. The Hon. John A. Wallace, M.L.C. has' taken £1000 worth of.shares ill theWah'Kunyah freezing and Chilling Company, He intends' to increase his area under lucerne at Quat Quatta to 5,000 acres, The rouseabouts on Avon Downs, have refused to accept the reduced wages, and shearing has been delayed in' consequence for two months. A majority of the Shearers hare also gone away. O'Donovan ROBSB. who was sentenced to a lengthened term of penal servitude in 1865 for his connection with the Fenian conspiracy, and who since his release has resided in the United States, has returned to Ireland. A boy named Orten, seven years of age, son of a miner residing at California Gully has sustained fracture of the skull from a kick by r horse. He W»B chasing the horse when it kicked out. The French commission in connection, with the Worlds' Fair recently held at Chicago is taking legal proceedings . j$airisl> the manage: rient to recover £200,000 on account of damage done to the French exhibits by'fite. ' '--' A young man named iTno, Anderson, whilst exercising a borse-.at Singara on Saturday met with a terrible death. The animal col. lided with a. post, and Anderson, in falling, caught his foot in the stirrup, and he was then dragged and kicked'to dealt bi"the horse, Since Saturday Sir Henry Parkep has received a large number of congratulation upon'entering his 80th year, and also ' received a number of presents' He was also entertained at a banquet at the Hotel. Metropole, 140 gentlemen assembling to do him honour. Some weeks since. a, £10. note was minaed by the Wangaratta postmaster. He reported, the occurrence to the' department and Detejitive Lomax made a personal investigation, but WaB entirely baffled; The Public Service Board trill hold an.enqnlry into-the xnrcamstances. The Customs Department s not going- to remova.the wreck of the Caps.Verds from the Bay. 'It would, cost. £3000, and the Government can't spare the money. "Besides," it is {jointed <jnt that the WTeckio iiotinthe wsyof anybody, and isso picturesque that' it would be a pity to reinove.it.' The Herald Btates that a Melbourne bank clerk ,was sued for recovery of .the price of a suit by, his tailors. He attended rthe District Court: armed with a certificate of birth showing that he was an'irifanfc, He 'was ordered to pay 2s ' 6d per Week.' Creditor objected J termed this " ridiklous." Magistrate told him he ought to be.thankful to get, it ithese, times. Last year about a dozen residents-of Bomsey formed themselves into a private company for the purchase and preservation of egftp. They bougbta considerable number, and bad tfceizi carefully putdownin a mixture the nature : of which has not been divulged. -The eggs are now being taken jupjand Boid, and are yielding a profit,of nearly 100 per cent. An extraordinary story reachea the Journal from the neighbourhood, of Jjesraliog. .The other wees'~a party of' Italians were, felling timber when a large tree fell on 'iari 'old'hofcfce and smashed it pretty well to ieUy." The Italians being like Johnny .Gilpin, 1 cf a 'frugal miod, dug out the carcase of. the ancient steed and ealted the prime parts for" l beef; ''It was subsequently all eaten ild'ttie way r t>t ordinary mealB,' ' Oi Sunday two;lady members of the Fitzrd:' Bicycle Club, MIBS WilsonandMra O'Connel [ together with some of ,the members of the sterner ser of, the . club . journeyed on theii machines to Sunb'ury, coveriojgfa distance' in. eluding return of nearly 50,miles/ "Judging by this and the cumber Of ladv cyclists that - arc sow to be met with ihand arourid Melbourne it seems as though cycling for la'dies - will before long become a popular pastime as in NewZaalahd, England and America. ' The wife of the Rev. A,-. Barkway,' iricum beiit'oFSt. Paul's Anglican Church,' Lanbces.' ton, expired during Sunday morning's service. She had been ailing.for,a long time. -She oc< cupieda pew; alone, and daringthRliitanyshe Blipjped to .the floor. . Friends: who saw her fail carried her out unseenby her husbfuiil, who was officiating. When taken out of churob She was found to be dead; . Mr Barkway concluded the service, and, although he omitted the Bermon, headministflredHqlyOommumonbeforeleaving the church". A married woman named Margaret Bethune wbosethueband is at present working at, Boko wood, attempted to commit suicide on Wednesday night at:ber residence: at Irrewarra, in the. Colac .district. The woman - (says .the' Geeloog Advertiser) told, the . police that.she had been surrounded by ghosts, and was afraid that tbey were going to .kill her, and, she had determined to take her. own life. The . woman was at once removed to the Colac. Hospital, where she was attended to' by Drs Brown and Foster. The Chief Justice of Mew Zealand, who on Saturday reserved decision on the application to strike off the roll of solicitors..George Harper and Thomas William .Maude,:of the late firm of Harper and Co., solicitors, Christ, church, delivered, judgment on" the appeal on Tuesday. The Court rilled that Harpor and Maude should be struck off the roll, and cited instances in wbioh'Jboth'bad'taken part in "the iinancial business of the firm. : So far back as 1885 they must have known how things wets going. The only excuse they could make was that they knew nothing about it. but this was no excuse. A sad shooting fatality -occurred at Soznerville on Monday. Mr George Clarke, a well* known resident, was after a: fox that had been seen early in the morning.by his son, and had bis gun charged with No. 1 shot cartridges. Failing to find the fox, he was returning home, «nd bad laid his gun through the acacia hedge on the ground and got through a gap a little further up. As . he lifted the gun the tight itrigger caught against a piece, of acacia and lodged the whole of its contents into his left breast.. A neighbour named Mr G. Thorotll ran to bis assistance, but Mr Clarke only lived about three minutes after. Deceaeed was only 46 ver.ra of age, and leaves a widow and 10 children to mourn his loss. At the TownBville Police Court on Monday, Patrick Walsh was charged with the attempted murder of Mai? Bourke,. The medical evidence as to the nature and extent of the wounds inflicted by prisoner with a razor on the head, neck, shoulder and arm of the woman showed that the total length of the wounds was about 28 incheB. One witness stated that on the morning of the attempt, the prisoner said to iutn "I will give .the woman a parable this moaning, and I will be a dead man in two hours." Shortly after the witness saw the woman at the front door of Thackwell'a surgery, -with what he thought was a red shawl on ber, but be afterwards found that the was covered with blood, Walsh was committed for trial. At .a Jate hour-on Monday night a woman naiqed Agues.Hiles, aged.39,- was shot at Redfern, under circumstances wbioh, so "far, have not been elacidated. Hiles was nor<ing a-Mr« Sowbsry. who had recently been confined;-and a, man named:Ohai. Wardrop, .aged- 23, on .Monday came to.eee Htles. Mr and?Mrs.Eowbpry were, at the time Upstairs, <They heard the report of . firearms in a front room,jandimmediotely after Hiles rushed upstairs, bleeding .from a bullet, wound in the face; She told them that she had been shot with a revolfer by Wardrop, but fainted before she could give any . explanation of the circumstances. Wardropat once made off, but: the police .have arretted him. Hiles was taken to the. jiospital, where it. was found that the., bullet . faa4 broken her jaw and inflictednasty, but not ssnous wound, A pitiful story was told at the Sydney police •Court-on-Monday,Trfhen two brotfTera named J Jifindick were charged tyith having - no -visible i means «f support.'. The men presented a tnost dilapidated andnnkempt ' appearance,- and tin • response to questions, tbe elder stbted that • his brother, who" was a surgeon and himself, a draper, oame'out to the colony , in' August 'iast with the object of benefitino'' his brother's 'health«Bhewa8 consumptive. Gradually-the' money theylirought with them .was eipsndei.l . with 110 chance of renewing it, until rtcsntlyi they had bad to sleep in the parks and beg for bread. - When arrested tbey were sleeping in the Domain. The elder brother said thai) .'all be wanted was to get to< some place whsre ! bW ' brother could be cared for and accordingly the two were sent to tbe Benevolent Asylum; ••v On Friday evening the Lancebeld -police . were informed that ia man, named tPanieaden! was m the township armed with a revolver. 1 and threatening to eboot -.peopl?, - . Some time ago Vanhea^enbrought;an action aeainst the local ehira ;council -claiming damages :: for injuries received:by him ttyrongh;bsin|r thrown- . from -a dray ; wheo crossmgisn-opsn-channel.? Aftecthree trials he wasjawaided, JE^OO damages It appears that he entertained jiuch * bitter feeltog against the . president oltlie ,«hire>nd 'several witn^ese^at the trial fhat he.ihr^ate^pd to shoot them Alter a severe^strug/fle he -was arrested- bv tbe .policf. andln.hio possessioa tvss fonbda aefe.fi ve^cbambensd revolver^nlly loaded. and -about twenty. loosp.cartiridges. He will be brought before the local Court on Jane b 