NANKING. The Nanking of to-day is built upon the foundation of the Nanking of the past, and outride of the present city there is a vast paea which was onoe coverod with buildings. The Tartar city where emparors once lived has dwindled into dust, and the marble and golden palaces of the paat have been sup- planted by the farms and gardens of the present. Fifteen generations ago there was here one of the most progressive monarchs of history. Nunking was then the centre of Asiatic trade and culture. Foreigners from all parts came here to study, and the Per- sians and Arabians crowded each other upon these streets. To-day you see Jewish types among the faces you meet, and the city has a large population of Mohammedans. Many of these are the decendants of strangers who came here in the days of the famed Chinese ruler Chu Hung Wo. This man started life as a beggar, but he organised a rebellion which enabled him to conquer China and to establish his descendants on the throne. He was the founder of the Ming dynasty, the one which ruled China before the family of the present emperor came into power, and under which were accompliched the greatest thing that the Chinese have ever done in architecture and public improve- ments. It was this man who built the wall about Nanking and established the capital here. The dragon, you know, is the im- perial animal of China. You see it on every Chinese flag, and it is supposed to bring luck or the reverse to every ruler. Accord- ing to them, a dragon can do anything. It can make itself as big as an elephant, or as small as a gnat. It can build up empires and throw down kings. And when there was an eclipse of the moon here, I saw it soberly announced in the Peking Gezette that the people should turn out and make a great noise on the night of the eclipse, as it was said that the dragon would then try to swallow the moon, and he should be soared away. Well, the country here at Nanking is shaped just like a great dragon, and the emperor said : 'If I can build my capital on the dragon's back it will last forever.' The result was that he moved to Nanking and made it for a time the greatest city of China. He planned to build a wall outside of the present one, which should be ninety miles long, but he got no further than the first pillars of this before he died. It was this man's son who built the famed porcelain tower of Nanking, putting it up in honor of his wife. The tower cost more than £600,000 ; it was built of the finest of glazed porcelain slabs, and it blazed out under the sun of the valley of the Yangtse Kiang, rising to a height nearly half that of the Washington monument. It was octagonal in form, with a base about half the size of that of the monument, and this base rested on a foundation of brick work ten feet high. It had nine stories, and a spiral staircase within the tower led to the summit. The top of it was a great ba- sin, of iron, and the colors of its brioks were green, red, yellow and white. On every one of the nine stories a roof of green tiles jut- ted out, and to the corners of these roofs were hung bells which tinkled when swayed by the wind. It took nineteen years to build this tower, and it was kept in good condition until about forty odd years ago, when another beggar got up a rebellion and took Nanking. He had the idea that the tower was hurting his luck, and had it blown up. Its every brick has since disappeared, and when I visited its site yesterday the only vestige of it remaining was the great iron basin-like dome which crowned its top. This has been placed upon a foundation of marble. It is a hollow mass of iron big en- ough to cover the top of the largest haystack you have ever seen. It would make a bath- tub for an elephant. And it would to-day be called a fine specimen of artistic casting. When it covered the tower it was plated with gold and could be seen for miles up and down the Yangse valley. It must weigh several tons, and how the Chinese with their rude modes of labor were able to poise it on the top of the tower, 261 feet above the earth, is a marvel. It Iies to day in front of the viceroy's arsenal, where the fluent of modern guns are being turned out for the Chinese troops, and the steam whistle which calls the men to work in the morning makes its hoary particles vibrate, and it wonders, I doubt not, with the ghosts of its builders, who are supposed to bang about it, what sort of devils are working at their magic within. — W. Carpenter. 