ICiteratixxx MDER THE SHADOW OF CRIME; OB THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUN RAVEN. By JEiN MIDDLES! ASS, Author of ' A Girl in a Thousand,' ' Sealed by a. Kiss,' 'By F*ir Means,' &c; Published by epeei&l; arrangement wiln the anthor All iiglr-a reserved. Chapter XCL— A Rass Act. Why did not Pierce Vaughan propose to Elvira Delane and recoup himself by her ample fortune for the disappointment his ancle's will had occasioned him ? Had he done ho much that was troublesome and difficult would have been overcome. But it was not in Pierce Vaughan's nature to let bygones ba bygones and seek philosophi cally to make the beet of life. He must for ever be fretting and searching and intriguing-. Were it) not for Euch as he tue worm would roll on eawer wheels, but then perchance misdeeds and cruel wrong would frequently pass unpunished. He had a grudge against Clement Dunraven for robbing him,.as be considered, oF his birth - \- right. Cheating him out of Alx-ynej Court as he .ehrewdly euapected by no fair means, he was rwcijved to leave no stone untamed until he ??had in eonie way revenged himself on Sir ? Clement. All this was far nearer his heart than either Elvira Delane or her gold. Besides, dainty little beauty though Elvira wart, ehe scarcely of late usurped the first place in his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affection as Pierce Vaughan was could bo Elvira herself thought that Lady Marcia Foljatnbe was her rival, but in this she was mistaken, Lady Marcia was merely a useful friend, a stepping stone by which Pierce hoped to carry out some of the echeines he had in view. The individual for whom he had elected to conceive a passion, probably because she avoided and flouted him — was Liabeth Gleii diunicg. No more complicating or disastrous attach reeus could, under the circumstances, possibly have arisen. When Pierce Vaughan came duwn to Brentwells to stay at Lady Marcia's and preteud to the world that be was the de vot-d cavalier of the gashing widow in was be ca.ui-« he knew fcbat Lisbwtb. bad returned to ? the Col'Jshill Cottage and than he could oc casionally walk over and, as he hoped, improve the occasion with her. It was only a few hours after Jim Glen diuning's departure that he started across the iields to pay his first visit. How he would be .received he did nos know and — new sensation 'to this blase cynic, he dreaded the reo-ption Jhe might meet with from Lisbeth, presuming it should be a cold one, until he felt as shy and -uncomfortable as a bay of eighteen bound on a love affair for the first time. To reach the cottage from Brentwelis it was .-accessary to go through ColeshiU aud there ii« saw a good many or the idle inhabitants stand ing about in groups talking, among them was the garrulous old woman he had previously ijuec in the cottage garden. She recognised him at once and made a . curtsey, probably in anticipation of a tip. But Pierce Vaughan w&s; one of those men who tvgave ' nothing for nothing and very little for i a halfpenny.' He might) perchance get a half penny worth out of this old hag he thought, so he called her to come and speak to him, asking her what evoat of importance had occurred in which half at least of the Coleshill population was so interested. ' It's either a ghost or a backslider, your honor, and no one can just make up their niiods which it if.' *' What the deuce do you mean by a ghost or a haokslider, old mother V ' Why, Jim Glend inning, Lisbeth's father, :as was convicted for a bad burglary and got .twenty years. In the Besh or out of the flesh 'he has waik«3 through tue town this rnorniug -and Sam Styles he do eay as he seen him yesternight.' 'Pooh — nonsense. SamStylesmustbavebeen drinking, and he had set you all off believing in the absurdities he has eeen in bis cups. Jim Glendinniug has been dead this many a day. Old Josh told Sir Louis all about it .years ago.35 'Mercy alive, then it waur his ghost. I ?.said as it wauc Lord, I feel my back is a ouenin' and sbutfcin*. I seen it myself.' Pierce Vangban laughed. *' You have feen some stranger who has a resemblance to Jim GLecdinniog. or what you all ioaaetne Jim wotrid be like if he were, alive. And you get np as much sensation as if the wo-ld'were coming 'to an end. I thought the Coleshill people had more sense. Upon my word I aai ashamed of you alL' ' An, you great gents haven't no belief,' eaid the old wife with a sigh. Ic did not please her to be cheated out of her link with the supernatural. Theooly compen sation for which would be the horror they wonld all feel at having such a vagabond as Jim Glendinning once more in their midt-t. 'I believe in something.' replied Pierce Vaughan .still laughing, but looking very ?cynical. '* I believe than a bit of coin will lay ?most ghoste.' He put his hand into his pocket and at first intended to give her half a sovereign, the next Sinsbant he came to the conclusion that five jshiltingB would be enough. So he handed her (five shillings and told her to refresh herself and 4»er neighbors and lay the ghost, for no good fwoold come to Coleshill as long as such-like -tales were bandied from mouth to mouth. She made him a deeper curtsey than before end assured him bia spirit would never walk ; the ?would rest peacefully in his grave, if only ior that day:s kindu-as. With five ehillingn iPierce Vaughan bad bought the good report of the Coleshill gossips, and if he had not laid Jim Glendinuing'a ghost he had laid the talk his own occasional visile to the cottage might jhs.ve occasioned. On leaving the old woman after giving her .this magnificent present, he said in a casual '-tone — 'I was going np to Aboyne Court, but I ?will go round by the cottage and eee if llisa FGrlendinning has heard or bcea annoyed by any wl thiB nonsense.' Pierce Vaughan was never ideally haopy unless he could pave the way for hid next btep forward. ' So,' he uiurtered to himself, as he strode ' on, leaving tlia High street behind him, 'that (blackguard has found bis way down here, has Ire ? 1 shall have to be careful, very careroL or die will spoil my g*mo with Lisbeth; yet he is atoseful mac, a very nsefnl man. TTnacrupu Jous peop'e who will do your work for a con sideration and who can hold their tongues &rs; ?not to be fallen in with every day, and this anon can hold his tongue. I have discovered ith&t; by his reticence in personal affairs. Pity (that Liebeth has got such a father, it will spoil ^ier chance of marrying. She is beautiful as fjnno, a paragon of * woman, and there is no ie&ying; — were it not for him — but that I ? . If ehe only had Miss DBlane's money! Yon -not lose yoar hea^ Reroe, you must not lose your head. There are many considerations to \ fcbe etudied.' AndeomnrmnrinKto himself he sauntered in «atthe front door. He wag just about to do eo L» eecond time when Lisbeth opened it, no very (delightful expression coming into her handeom© %toe when ehe bbw who her vmtoc m Neither in London nor at Coleshill was ahe to be free from this man's assiduities ! She would have bidden him go about his business and have slammed the door in hU face only expediency — the gaunt giant that eways go many of our actions — forbade it. Litbeth found herself forced to be civil and look pleasant. Three minutes later Pierce Vanghan was even sitting in the chair Clement Dunraven bad occupied on tne previous eveuing and was gazing round the pretty parlor with a very ap proving glance. He thought that this beautiful girl was even less 'of the people' than he had imagined her if the could arrange her room with bo much artistic taste. His eyes wandered from these surroundings to her taoo and the ardent admiration they showed all too plainly caused the hot blood of indignntion to redden Lisbeth's cheeks, thus rendering her, although she was quite unaware of it, even more attractive than before, en hanced as her beauty was by the flashing of her dark eyes and the proud toss of tier vrell poised head. *' T«a jh not thy lips euch scorn, for they were made for kis&iog;, lady — not for such con tempt,' said Pierce, quoting Shakespeare, though of this Liabetb was ignorant, sicoe in book-lore she was wholly uuvetetid. In fact it would have been very difficult to have collected six books it Coleshill Cottage, for though Lisbeth bad had a fair education and could read easily and write grammati cally, she bad always found too much work to do in her home to have time to sit and read. Not having any intimate acquaintance then with the great bard's immortal plays Pierce Vaughan'e quotations 'riled ' her to madness. Ho ir dare he talk about kissing her lips and in a fury ehe forgot expediency and bade him begone if he had come there to insult her. Her auger, however, had quite a contrary effect to what Bhe intended, for it served only to make him ten times more appreciative of her charm?. H« gloried that- he had aroused the lion in her nature, still be was shrewd enough to know that if she were to be won she must be gently wooed. He did uot, however, recognise what a difficult task he had undertaken. Not that he would have shrunk from it on that account. To rind out what had passed between Lisbeth and his cousin Clement Dunraven was ever present in his mind and that he would do so with less difficulty on account of his own newly-born infatuation for Lisbetb. he felc certain. 'Quiet down, soft dov^, and do not let your burnished plumage be ruffled by a few quoted words. Come and tell me how you like being back at Coleshill and why you escaped ous of London so quickly.' So saying he took her by the hand and tried to induce her to take the sent beside him. He little knew Lisbeth or he would have been aware that eauh word he uttered, each sign he made, was rendering him more and more dis tasteful to ber. She hated Pierce Vaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commencing at her first ac quaintance with him aud intensified by the dread she felt of him when she became aware that he was Clement Dunraven's foe. If he were g^ing to add ir.6ult to injury by making 3ov-? to her there w»r no saving to what length her fury, if not carefully guarded, might not lead her. . The complications which had surrounded Lisbeth of late were making ber very despe rate, and it is dangerous for a man to piay with a desperate woman, even though that man be as clever as Pierce Vaughan believed biioft'blf to be. She started back from his touch, tossing his hand from her as though a viper had stung her. 'I will not eit down,' she eaid, 'nor t-?!l you aught of my affairs, you are a geatle rasji: I am humbly born, seekiug to gain my livelihood by honest means. Compromising myeelf with a gentleman like you will not help me.' **I don't know that,' ha eaid; 'yon are angry and do not see things clearly, or you would recognise that it is good to have a frisad, even though that friend is an objec tionable gentlemnu like myself. 'I don't w«nt any gentleman; it is batter to starve and be honest.' ' Yet I am not the only gentleman whose acquaintance you have made. Ah, Liℶ, why should I be treated with a scorn you have not be towed on ? ' *' On ivhom ? What do you moan ? You are taking strange liberties with my Jowly posi tion, bu& you had best be carefol, Mr. Vaughan, I am not eo unprotected as you think for.' ' Of conrse not ; I forgot your father has le tumed and ? ' Whether it was with Sir Miles Berkeley or Sir Clement Dunraven that he was eoing to link her she did not stop to learn, for the in terrupted with — 'How do you know my father has re turned ?' 'I am cot deaf. The whole of Coleabill is teeming wish the news.' She w:is white as ashes now and held firmly to a chair for sopport. It was gall and worm wood to Liabetirs proud nature to know that Jim Glfudianing was her father and that townsfolk should know he had returned. 'Well, you see you may want a friend. Remember, too, rhac I am in the law and that my kuowltdge and services are always yours to command. Come, Lisbeth, forgive if I have angered you, I am a bad bungler at winning a lady's favor, aud if you do not like the honeyed ajivccbts most women love you ehall have no more of them.' She did not heed the latter part of his sentence, but murmured — ' What have I to do with law? .\7hy. should I want a lawyer to help mo?' It seemed a* if Pierce Vaughan'6 offer was an evil omen, for it the law ever meddled with fjiabfath'b affaire that would piobubly be re veal-d which it was the aim of her life to keep hi-?dtn. Nor could he have given any reason why he offered law services ; so he answered lightly — ' We iiono of us know whaS we may want, I would merely impr-.«s on you that you have a friend in cose of neod and ask you to forget that my rash words nave dispiaaued you. Come, shake hands, will you not?' Somewhat reluctantly she responded to his invitation and gave him her hand, feeling a very Judas the while ; for to hav-3 Icno^'u that he had gone away for ever to a distanfcland or that be had ceased to exist would have made Liabeth truly thankful. This man her friend — ntver — she regarded him as her bitterest foe. His interest was most to be dreaded in all the world, for was it not to hid interest to unravel the dark secret of her life and use it for his advantage and her destruction. HaviDg gained his point and forced her into giving him her hand Pierce Vaughan was loth so part with it. It was a nhapely hand aud he held it with pleasure. Lisbeth wore no rings ; since the dared not wear cbe riug with which Clement Dunraven Dad wedded her abu would have none, though in her drawer upstairs, locked away with other valuables, were two or three that would have made the eyes of every con noiasear in gems glisten. 'If I bring you a riug will you w»ar it in remembrance of the oompact of friendship we have formi-d today ?' asked Pierca, half afraid nevertheless of the answer his temerity might call forth. And in truth he had once more roused her ire. ' Never '.' she cried. ' Rings ate nob for the like of me and you are a bad man and a false friend to try and ooznpromiee me.' ' Rigid virtue ! Pattern of humility ! Oh, Liebeth Glendinning. how shall I ever win you into believing in me?' he asked. 'Let me be, go your own way and 111 go mine. If ever I want) you I'll let you know, that's best,' she replied, forcing herself into the concession of seeming to be friends with him. ' And may I not come and Bee [you eome times?' ♦?What for? It's no good either so you or me that you should be coming here. I am going to turn this cottage into a home for babies and old people, and to have gentlemen about will be sadly in the way.' 'Do yon mean to say that I am the only man who comes here to see you V 'That, I gnew, is my business and not yours, if I answer roughly ; but wishing to be polite I say I'll havn no men dangling about at all. The doctor aud maybe the psreon will be our only visitors.' ' And what about Sir Miles Berkeley ?' 'He is my grandfather's old master and was left executor to his wilL But he never hardly conies here. I don't know though why I should make these explanations to you. Itr isn't your affair, is it V 'No, not altogether, but my deep interest in you makes n-e anxioos as to your welfare. f hope Clement Donraven has not wholly given yon up since he married.*9 There was a sickening feeling atLiEbeth's heart and for a moment she felt as if she were .going to faint. She managed, however, with a violent? effort to remain calm, but it was a ?crucial ordeal through which Pierce Vaugoan was patting her. ' t never eee Sir Clement,' ehe said in a dead level voice, 'but Lady Gertrude has been here once about an old woman for whom she wants a home. I wrote to Sir Clement stating what I intended to do and his wife answered the letter in person. Are you satis fied?' He was not; hev.as perplexed, but he did not tell her eo. Could it be possible that after all then had never been anything between Clement Donraven and this woman that she was the rigid puritan she pretended. Impossible The letter be found in the wood must have been from her, besides various other incidents that be had noted pointed to their* intimacy ; no, she was seeking to blind him, he must ba doubly observant. Onoe she was in his power id wonld be his to decide whether he would win her and be silent, thus sacrificing his grudge against Clement or whether he would let her go and embrace the opportunity to part Clement from hia wife and possess himself ot his rights. So great hud become his infatuation for this woman who loathed him ttiat he was already wondering whether he would not give up for tune for her sweet sake. It were vain to press his suit further that day. He, however, determined and therefore rose to take his leave, telling ber that notwith standing her dotfire to have 'no danglers he should look in when he was in the ueighbor bood and see how the home for firet and second childhood was progressing Thankful to be rid of him ehe accompanied him to the front door, which ehe threw open to let him pass out. To her utter dismay and hia no email delight coming up the garden walk was Clement Dunraven. In the eyes of both men us tfhey looked at PAch other was expressed mutual hatred, which they both so Btrongly felt but usually strove to conceal. Ciement Dunraven had just beard of the appearance of J im Glondinning at Coleshill, hence the reason of this raah act. He was anxious to discover if it were true and if ic would make any difference to his beloved Lisbeth. ' Qui s'excuse s'accuse,*' as says the French prowrb. He began an explanation about Lady Gertrude aud a message which Pierce Vaughau in no wise bvlitved, but shrugging his shoulders he walked away more resolved than ever to fathom the myttery that enshrouded Lisbeth &ud; his coubin. Chapter XIIL — BrGiMT. Pierce Vaughaa returned to Uis quarters in London much disappointed at the issue of his visit to CuieahilL He had roade no tender impressions on Lislieth, and found out nothing that he oould use about ber relations with Clement Dun raven. True, he had met him in the most nnexpeoted manner at her very door, bun the explanation given was bo seemingly correct and acted in eo completely with what Lisbeth had previously co'd him about Lady Gertrude's vitit and the old woman who was to be looked after that he could noc appear to gainsay it. He had not piven up either bis project of making love to Lisbeth or fathoming the mystery about Clement ; he intended ere long to return with renewed vigor to the (ray, but in the meantime be was compelled to go London to look after a casci in wbich he was concerned. Pierce Vaughan's rooms in the Temple were luxurious. He was not a rioh man, but beloved his comforts, and peDurious to farthings for himself when other people were concerned, ho never grudged tbe spending of money on that self which was his idoL Good taste was exhibited in the arrangement of his chambers, which abounded in artistic gems, bis law books for the most part being exiled to the outer oniee inhabited by his dark. Of clients Pierce Vaughan had so few that he might easily have dispensed with the services of a clerk, but a clerk was to him all of a piece with a.n ormulu table and a Louis XV. clock. It placed him well with the world to possess all these things. So Griffin wrote perpetually in the outer office, though what he waa writing did not always tianspire, perhaps love sonnets to his mistress's eyes, for assuredly of legal docu ments there was not incessant supply. At the time, however, of Pierce Vaughan's return to London there was a case on hand and both master and clerk felt) themselves to be bnsy and potnpoup. Pierce Vaughan was goisg into court on the morrow aud was trying oa his wig, which ho had not worn for some time, to see if he need have his hair cut or whethtr it would sit com fortably without on lecka which he elected to keep rather long. There was a tap at the door and Griffin's faw, smirking with satisfaction, appeared. ' A g-.'utlemari, sir, a reverend, wishes to eee you.' Another case Griffin hoped ; his last situa tion had been with au ecclesiastical lawyer and he consequently always aseociated the clergy with law. ''Soow him in, GrifSa ; show him. in,' eaid Piercs Vaughan, thruBSing the wig hastily into its box and running his fingers through his hair. A rubicund little fat parson of about fifty came bounding into the room. He was a atrauger, consequently, Pierce thought, must be a case. Ho was therefore exev-trtliugiy surprised when the little man held out his hand aud grasped his with a friendly pressure. 'So glad to see you again, Vanghan. But you look as if you do noc remember me. My name is Singleton.' Pierce Yaughan searched his memory, but with no recollection of ever having met a Singleton. ' Up at Tennplemore, when you were staying with the Bhikeleys, you U8ed to come to my church with them, and you asked me to call when I was in town.'' 'Of course, of course,' cried Vaughan. 'My dear feliow, it is three years ago. In our bnsy London life you mast excuse me for forgetting, but I astute you I am delighted to see you.' He was not in the very least, for he thought tbe man would be an intense bore ' And I am very glad to sea you, yet I munt acknowledge that my visit here is not wholly unbelfit-b, for there is a little point) of business on which I thought perhaps you would kindly give me your adviea. You see I am not rich enough to pay lawyers, aud as we are old friends ? ft *' Exactly, exactly. I shall be very pleased.' But even as he spoke an oath arose to his lips at what he could not help thinking tbe impertinence of thi& stranger, and notwith standing his seeming readiness to assist he had scarcely patience to listen to the tale his intiueive visitor somewhat garrulously told. How to be rid of him was his first thought, and ib so engrossed him thati he did not re mark that even while he was talking Mr. Singleton, with tru« rural curiosity, was run ning his eye over the addresses on a pile of letters Grifun was shortly to take to the post ; until at last at one ot tbe west vital points in hifl own (story he interrupted himself — 'Good gracious. Sir Clemeut DuDraven, Bart. I had no idea he was a batocet, bub perhaps it is eonie relation with the same uamp.' 'There is only one Clement Dnnraven, I bslieve ; he is tuy cousiu,' eaid Pierca Vaughao, becoming interested for the first time since the arrival of tbi* Reverend Mr. Singloton. ' Your cousin, eh ? Yet) you were not at the wedding?' 'Not at the wedding. Excuse me, but I was very much at the wedding, if you mean tbe marriage of Sir Clement Dunraven with Lady Gertrude Versohoyle.' ' Oh ! dear no, it must be some other man. Qu'te a different affair, do my lady in the case. My Clement Dunraven did not seeru very well off and married quite a low-born girl.' 'Oh, indeed I Do you remember ber name?' 'Yes, it was not altogether a usual oue. Liebeth, Lisbeth Glen ? Glen something, I forget what.' ' And -ou married them ?' 'Certainly. I have the marriage entered in my register.' ' So.' And there was a pause. 'I wonder who tbe fellow is,' at last said the garrulous parson. ' Could not be someone assuming your cousin's name? Such thiogu have beun heard of.' ' No. I should think not. Probably a dis tant relation of the Dunravens of whom we know nothing; there is another branch. I nhnuld like to see the marriage certificate. Were they married in Yorkshire ?' Pierca Vaughan had no intention of putting himself in this man's power and he played tbe part of indifference ho well that Mr. Singleton did not for a moment believe he had any motive bub curiosity for making further en quiries. He answered genially. ' At my church up at Templemore. Mr. Dunraven was shooting up there, had a little shooting box in the parish, and the girl, who is very handsome, came over on the wedding morning from Ltnmount, a town about five wiles off. I understood she lived there, but I'll send you a copy of the certificate and then you will know all about it.' ' Thank you very much, but, as I said be fore, I do not think it ia anyone we even know. I should like to eee the certificate though.' After this Pierce thought it wise to change the subject, but he took a far greater interest in Mr. Singleton's affairs than be had done at the beginning and in no wise regarded him as a troublesome intruder. Truly, it was a little difficult to keep his -thoughts as fixedly on the long story about tithes and leases and charity foundations as, under the circumptancea, he was desirous of doing, hia thoughts were too full of the discovery be had just made and Wonld stray to bow and when ho would interview Clement Dun raven. Still, Pierce Vaughan was accustomed to keep his feelings well drilled, thus tbe attention given to the reverend chatterbox was most satisfactory to Mr. Singleton, who went away at last delighted with himself for the cleverness with which be had sought out his intelligent London lawyer and not in the least aware of the terrible mine he bad fired. They shook bauds warmly when they parted, and Mr. Singleton again assured Mr. Vaughan that be would send the certificate as soon as be returned to Yorkshire, which be must do in time for bis Sunday duty — the day on which they were talking was Tuesday — or if Mr. Vanghan wished it he would write to hia clerk to send it at onoe. 'Oh, dear no, there is plenty of time. Next week will be quite Boon enough,' Pierce assured him. ' Soon enough,' be repeated to himself as, 'iSx. Sineletou being at lastdleuriseed, he closed the door and sat down in his armchair looking hot and weary from tbe strain of commanding bis feelings during the last three-quarters of an hour. 'Soon enough, my God, eoon enough to to veal to thfi world that Clement Dunraven is an uoter blackguard and will be arraigned in a felon's doc!:. A bigamist, my cousin, and Sir Louis' heir! Poor, pj.-r Lady Gercrudo. Married to Liℶ Giendtuainsr '. But what is the woman thinking of? Why has nha let him marry Lady Gertrude without asserting her own claims? Toere must be some mistake ; anyway 1 will not make anv niove at all until 1 have pecn that precious cer tificate ; in all probability whsn it dona arrive it will be totally different from v/hat that garrulous old twaddlur states. It does not do to take anyjimportaut atop on hoareay. Clement Dunraven a bigamist) ! There is a copy for the society papers. Fora long time Pierce Vauc'oan ea*j very still, thinking the master out from all its bear ing?, but never for one single instant -iid it occur to him to keep the silence this would have guarded his family from the obloquy of the world and kept Lady Gertrude from the saddest fate that could well befall a woman. Surely he could not give as his reason for stirring up this terrible story chat hia own love for Liebeth made him wish to ste her righted, since living aa Ehe did within two miles of Aboyae Court she was fully aware both of the existing marri:igo and of the en gagement tcfJLady Gertrude before the ;wed ding took place. If the chose, for reasons of her o«-n, to let Clement Daaraven go free, what had Pierce Vaughan to do with the matter on her account? Ia truth, he never thought of her. It was with himself and his own rights that his selfish mind was filled. It would be a happiness and a pleasure to him to oust bia cousin Clement from Aboyne Court while he reigned there in his acead, nor for a moment had he any sonsiduration for the hapless Lndy Gertrude or of her position wheu she r&turned; to her fathers hous«, per chance a huBbandless mother, the father of her child meanwhile condemned to p?oal servi tude for the deception he had practised ou her. None of this did Pierce Vanghan consider as be pretended to hitntelf that he felt intense horror at the crime over which he gloated. He was au infinitely worse man than Clement Dunraveu, whose chief sin lay in his weakness, but be would not have com oi it ted a foolish act which would have brousht him within tne jurisdiction of the law. Ho knew its quirks and its endltws quibbles &3 well as any man, and dark though some of his deeds were it was his constant aim to have the law on his side. How long he would have pat ruminating over the strange revelation of which Mr. Singleton had been the mouthpiece who shall eay, but GrifSn came in for the letters, wonder ing whv his master, who was usually very precL-e,'had forgotten than it was nearly pot time. Tha missive addressed to Sir Cleiuaut Dunraven and which had attracted Mr. ciincleton's notice still lay sib t,ho top of the heap. Yes, is should go as had been previously arranged, it waa only about some leasehold property Pieroe Vaughan l-f»d always managed for his uncle. All should go on as heretoioro until the crisis came, as come h« expected it would before the following week had closed. He ^ava Griffin the letters and lawn rousing himselt up cook two or throe turns up aad down the room. He decided he wouM go to tho club and seek by means of a JiD;,Ie pleasant bccietiy to throw off this feeling of eppres^on ; but before he did so he proceeded to glance over his unole's will — of course he had a, copy in his drawer. Y*-s, ib was quite true, no mistake could possibly be made about it, the whole property, u&v;« & few thousand pounds tlist wtnt to Clement, must come to him in the event of this first marriage with Lisbeth Gleiidiuning beiisg proved. Having first; ascertained this for a dead cer tainty Pierce Vaughan set iiis hat well on bis head and eauntered along tht; dc&nd.; toi7&rds; Piccadilly. It was not often that this Sybarite allowed himself to be elbowed by the throng that in perpetually to be found in a crowded thorough fare like Ehe Strand. Ks usually hailud a hansom as he left tha sacred precincts of the Temple, but to-day he f«!t that he must have exercise, and not only exercise but tbts souud and eight of his feilowmeu in order to ch;tiib away the gloomy feelings with which, in spite of himeelf, the information received that day had ent hrouded hica. To slip into Abnyne Court as master under the circumstances just revealed was scarcely a pleasant prospect tvon to Pierca Vuuxhan, although it never occurred to him tha.fi the easiest way out of tbe unpleasantness was to ignore the whole thing. By the time, however, that he had walked from the Temple to St. Jarnea'-street and spoken a few genial worda to more than one acquaintance on the way he had freed his :mnd of what he considered ' morbidness' in the matter, and was as raveageful against Clement Dunraven for ousting him 8,nd as determined to have hie rights as though there were no question of the family name beiDg trampled in the mire and of AHcyua Court, whether owned by Clement Duziraven or Pierce Vaughan, being placed under the barm of public opinion. He walked into the club as jauntily a3 if Mr. Singleton had never existed ; no one certainly would have guessed from Pierce Vaugban'a demeanor of the revelation he had ro recently listened to, yet even the complexion of the hard-hearted, astute lawyer paled when the very first pers n he paw in the lobby of tbe club wa* — Clement Dunraven. The baronet was talking and laughing with two or three men, B.ad, for tta moment, Bwsmed to have cast away his trouble »ud the secret which had of late been weighing him down to the very earth. He did not ac fircio see his cousin ; when he did so a, fierce light) for a moment flashed in bis eyes, the hatred he had for him would not lie so ab:-olutely in abeyance as to be wholly unobsorvable. It was intensified, too, by the knowledge obtained from Lisbeth that this obnoxious and obtrusive relation had dared to make love to her. Ot remorse for what he had done ia connec tion with Pierce Vaughau he had none, although for Lady Gertrude's sweet sake he was so heavily freighted with sorrow n.s to by hardly abie to endure bis own life, but his excuse to himself ever lay in the fact of Pierce Vaughan'6 existence. It this hateful cousin in the female line bad not existed there would have been no rival in his uncle's favor, no question of tho estat-s being left to another in the event of his not marrying Lady Gertrude. Pieroe Vaughan was tho firat by a friendly wave of the baud to make a sign of recogni tion, though even as he peein«d to raise his hand in amity the recpHection of bow Claoient had disclaimed him in every way mide him wish that ib held a pistol acd that he could shoot him dead on tbe spot. Not only had ?Clement stolen what be con sidered his birthright, but he had added insult to injury by appropriating the woir.an for whom Pierce Vauehan had conceived an in fatuation Ruch as he had never felt for any woman before. That Lisbeth would never he his rendered his intention to ruin Clement all the more determined. For her Bake, or rather in order to win her, he had temporarily thought of concealing the fact of an intrigue between Liebeth aud Sir Cletrent from Lady Gertrude if on investiga tion he should discover that it existed, bur) now that be h&d; become master of tho truth nothing should induce him to be otherwise than abso lutely remoi-K^less. After the airy wave of the hand to his c&u;&iu; he would have passed on up the staircase, but Sir Clement called out to him — 'Look here, Pierce, Lady Gertrude aud I are op in town for a week. She esys you most come and dine. We are at the Metro pole.' This offhand invitation annoyed Pierce not a little. The hour had not yet come for him to speak out, and he neither wished to accept civilities nor hospitality from the man whose downfall he intended to bring about ere many days were over. The usages of the society in which they both moved, however, forbade him to be churlish. ' I will come and call on Lady Gertrude as soon aa I can,' be said. ' I am rather over worked just now. Got an ecclesiastical case coming on in connection with a pardon of the name of Singleton.' Clement) Dunraven neither paled nor started. He had entirely forgotten tbe name of the clergynia-n who united him and Lisbatn. and the word Singleton convoyed nothing to his mind. 'Glad you are busy,' he said oheerily. 'You will be a judge yet before you die. Come and dine, however. I'll get Gertrudeto send you a line, for I don't quite know how our engagements stand.' Pieroe Vauchan neither accepted nor refused, he was wondering why Clement was bo civil and looking beneath the surface for a reason which did not exist. His pole motive for asking Pieroe to dinner being bis desire to prevent Lady Gertrude from seeing how thoroughly he hated him. 'Brazen blackguard, even the name of Singleton does not make him blf-nch. I can not dine at that man's table or I shall be as base a deceiver as ho is,' murmured Vaughan to himself, as be loitered on among the knot of men who were chatting to Sir Clement, he being resolved to mention once more the name of Singleton. In a few seconds he had again the opportunity, one of the men hailing from Yorkshire, but with the fame pointless result, and so after a few minutes he strode away to meet Sir Clement Dunraven, his cousin, again under what circumstances fate would decide. fTo*e continued. J 