TELEPHONE TALKS. "Hullo, Exchange! Greetings! That's old Greek. I like the classic. It's better than the modern hypo critical salutations. Give me Pollux and Co." " No such firm on the list. Perhaps you mean the police ?" " Ha, ha I you're too satirical, Miss Mac. I suppose you think you're Blondin, after all those toffs you've had up there saying nice things about the new Telephone Exchange. But there, let me have Government House, and I'll forgive you this once." Right." " What, is that you, Algy, answer ing the bell your own self 1 The result of economy and a reduced staff, eh f} " Oh, I know you, Quiz, and if you weren't privileged on account of your precocity I should leave you to talk to ghosts." ! \ " Yes, ghosts of retrenched A.D.C.'s and orderlies. But you wouldn't do that. I'd much sooner have a chat to a real liye Governor." " Well, go ahead. You amuse me. Even nonsense helps to relieve ennui. What's in the wind now V " Oh, nothing much. Only I notice some paragraphs in/the papers stating that you are voluntarily taking over an enormous financial responsibility in connection with Government House menage—innocent-looking pars weren't they V " I don't know what you mean by innocent." "Well, I was wondering who in spired them. They did not look like spontaneous eruptions from the editorial inner consciousness, and I am pretty sure the Government did not supply jthe items." "Don't you think your curiosity would be satisfied by applying at the newspaper offices." "I am afraid not. Editors don't disclose their sources of information. They'd sooner stand a libel action. Ask Bonny and Finny next time they've got their number 9's under the gubernatoral mahogany." "You'd better go away. You're not funny this morning. I thought you were going to liven me up a little." " So I am. Wait a moment. Let me see, when you went away on that trip of yours " " There you are—harping on my jaunt across the continent again. In the language of Milton, give it a rest. I never made a fuss about it. Other people did that for me, just as they have done for a greater than I—Guy Boothby." "Steady, steady. I was referring to your holiday to England, home, and beauty. You remember—you were away six months on half pay, which amounted to the nice little sum of £1,250." " I only acted on precedent, my boy, precedent." Aye, what is that which slowly << c< broadens down from precedent to precedent V " I believe it was freedom that Tennyson was speaking about." " There is another word which might be substituted. It is also a noun of quality, and has more than once been applied to you. However, I don't want to dwell upon that; What I am curious about is the fact that you have agreed to pay the Government House salaries and wages." "Yes, you cynic, I took the six months' half-pay—£1,250—in justice to my successor, whoever he may be, and now I am making a return to South Australia by undertaking to pay out of my own salary the whole cost of the Government House staff, which, as you will have noticed, amounts to about £1,300 a year. You don't object to that, do you V' " Oh, no—not me. But I object to an inspired statement, which is clever but misleading." Here, I say, Quiz, be careful." Well, now let us get to actuality. As a matter of fact you are only paying the staff from July 1, and as you will leave this one-horse show at the end of next January you are paying just seven months' salaries— that's all." If that's all, then good day." " Oh, not yet. There's more ex planation. How, the £1,300 involves two A.B.C.'s and three orderlies, but you have decided to rub along for the next seven months with one A.D.C. and one orderly. Even poor old Jarvis, the messenger, will have to go, and it's well for him that he has a " stocking " of his own and a plump retiring allow ance to draw from the Government." I must go. This is not edifying." Accept apologies. I forgot that I was telling you an old story. Still, the gentle public are interested in your doings and my {sayings, and we may as well gratify the gentle public's curiosity. To continue. The office of Clerk to the Executive Council has been taken from the Private Secretary. It was a sinecure, I admit; but, now on your oath, Algy, are you going to pay the Private Secretary the former salary of £400 a year ? Are you not reducing it to £200 V' u c< "Your inqusitiveness is imper tinence." "It would be if you hadn't rushed into print." " What's that ? I rush into print V9 " Those innocent pars, I mean From those innocent items the public were led to believe that you were making a present of £1,300 to the State. Now, you know very well that you are only returning about £250." "I don't see that it makes any difference whether there are three orderlies or one orderly, or whether there are two A.D.C='s or but one A.D.C. That's my affair. The saving to the State is the same." " Oh, oh! my boy, do you forget that when you first came here you said that you could not possibly manage without two A.D.C.'s and three orderlies." " The way you keep on reiterating A.D.C.'s and orderlies one would think you had A.D.C.'s and orderlies on the brain." "So I have just now. But don't you think that in reducing your staff you are also establishing a precedent and wronging your successor V9 " I don't see why I should stay here to be cross-examined like a common witness in a common Court. Go away now and play marbles." 