-POINT AHD PARE!. [?] s- flelemon, the wise man, salth' There be three things whleh are too wonderful for mo; yn, four which 1 know not : The way of Eci ta the air, the way of a serpent 'jmei % root, the way of a ship la the midst i: *t-flhs sea, Md the *&y; of a gas company «*'Kirtfcb! lt« consumers,' I will not ba inre if inj memory has served me with strict fidelity toucbUg thai Uet factor, but 1 am certain that for the purpose of completing the proverb it oannot be beaten, Then if yea will throw in one or two other little ingredients, snch as the prospective advent of the electrlo light, the near conclusion of a very profitable monopoly, the certainty of aadly diminished future dividends, end a gentle ' derry ' on all and sundry who nave contributed to bring about this most unde sirable state of affairs, the way of the Gae Oompany with its consumers becomes doubly iasemprehonalble. You may try to under* stand it at presented to your not altogether disinterested judgment, in the shape of the bins enveloped quarter's bill ; yon may stand aghast at its want of all reasonable propor tion to tbe service rendered, to the quality of the illuminant whose chief buuneeeyon have already decided is to make darkness dimly visible, and to the quantity you imagine yoa have conauui.d. Tou may check it against the accounts for past quarters, you may summarise tbe totals and divide by the hurneie ; you may cocsalt ycur neighbor, and in comparing bills mingle your tears together ; yon may wotk the thing by the rale of three or the rnle of thirM*', by vulgar fractions or algebraic formula, but the only remit arrived at iB to jumble the judgment and confound the sense, till yon imiginethat what you have been accustomed to regard as the fixed pro perties cf numbers have broken from tlielr moorings anl drifted Into hopelessly chaotic confusion. Finally, as a last resource, yon may devote a whole morning to trying to understand that mechanical accomp ice in the ooaapiracy against your peace and pocket which the oompany has caused to bs fix id behind your hall door, and the result yoa arrive at is a triumphant realisa tion of the force embodied in that rugged truism, ' Tou He like a gas meter.' These are some of the reflections to which I am driven by personal experience, in which 1 find 1 am very far from beiog singular. Bo much to the contrary that ever tbe past week my ears have been filled withacborns of complaint which might bd reduced to tbe Shakespearian line, 'Look here, npon thit picture and on this,' said picture being represented by the bill for the first quarter of the year and that for the quarter last past. From a heapot thoae plaoed at my disposal 1 take a few examples : —A. March quarter, 2% 8i; June, 30j. B March, 12s ; June, 65s. Thr.sa kept the usual number ot burners going. 0 reduced his by bait, and eacaeeded, despite tbe han dicap, in progressing from Sis to 62a. D, who, unfortunately in this connection, runs ? big establishment, gives the following, showing rates per 1000 feet and totals for the same quarter over the past seven years - A s d 1888— 7a 6d ? 60 2 8 1869 „ ? B9 14 9 1890— 7s Id ? 63 2 0 1891 „ ? 70 7 6 1892— 6s 8d ? 67 8 4 1895 „ ? 78 11 4 1894 M ? 80 6 8 Happy gas-bnrner 1 As thy bills are so ?hall thy strength be. Henoe the consuming energy whioh on a redaction per 1000 from 7s 6d to 6a 8d haa enabled you to ]ump from £69 Us 9d to £80 6s 8d ! Naturally some donbts have arisen as to accuracy of the measuring apparatus, and when this has been suggested by note a man haa been sent to examine the meter, with the invariable remit that the bill has been promptly re rendered with the laconic and very sug gestive foot-note, 'There is no escape.' Tho curt comment of oue consumer as he for* warded the amount was, ' So 1 realisa— for the present.' Oertainly if, as a literary man, I were asked to supply that company with a motto 1 shonld select the line from Eeott's 11 Mar inlon,' 'Oharge, Cheater, charge!' I do not mean to say that any demand has been made in exceia of registered measurement, but I am certainly disposed to consider that it is all along of that irresponsible me ehanlcal terglversator and its invisible part ner in duplicity which oonsidera ice mission fally accomplished when it has made tbe wheels go rouid. The diffusion of light and heat this (laid fraud evidently oousiders to be mere subiidiary duties, hence the act of the Brisbane-street tradesman woo nougnt a kerosene lamp and set it in his window to let people see tbe gas jet, and tbe general wall about the difficulty of reading a book by gaslight with any degree of com fort. Reviewing the whole circumstances ot the case, 1 am compelled to adapt-, f:r purposes of further commentary, tbe clever parody on 'Locksley Hall' and the Bon Gaultier, ' Lay ot the Lovelorn,' written by a lady colleague, for whose metrical sins 1 am largely responsible. As done up to date it may wall be styled A G(n)A.8TLT CBOAK. Despite the chauca that it may bring A doubtful sort of benieon For daring thus their themes to sing From Aytoua and from Tennyaon. Comrades, run and buy some candles while as yet 'tis afternoon, Lest the evening find you vainly yearning tor the lucent boon, For the night is drawing closer, night to us so dim and drear, And, in truth, to drop a letter, night to us so aim and dear. Gather round and hear my wailing, yon who know the eerie thrill Caused you by a g(h)aatly scribbler and his beastly quarter bill ; Men and brethren in disaster, vaisly hoping for the best, Lanncestonlan gas consumers— those three words tell all the rest. Long ago we gave np candles, hoodwinked by that wretched gas, Gave np kerosene and colea, lampa of crystal and of brasa ; Now we're very nearly blinded if we try to reid at night, And we long to hail the advent of the new electric Ji/bt ; For we write that Terdant tyrant when the still increasing sum Charged tor pale and hazy gaslight almost strikes tho user dumb, And the magnate, In his grandeur, givea our heart a little cheer, For there comes to test our meter what he calls an engineer. Then, while yet our chanee of respite seems to take a hopeful shape, Comes the Verdant scribbler's answer, ' Pay tbe bill j there's no rtrave.' No escape ! It's true as gospel ! And you simply stana ana swear — 01 the blinky blanky gaslight—Arthur Terdant, are you there f Falser than your own gas meters, which of ns have made an end, Poor anfortunate consumers, victims to a dividend. Hanghty Verdant, take a warning, worms will turn, so proverba tell, And thou, gaeeour. bilMoua monster, fate is ringing out thy knell, For the Council is viefcoxioua, and before your daseled sight Soon will bis se in all its splendor Murray'^ cheap electric light. Then you'il hear the '? Never, Never 1' shouted from a thousand throata, When yoa fain would seed your victims onee again those bluey notes, Cursed be the ghostly glimmer that now serves to work your will, Onrsed be the lying meters, doubly cursod the quarter bill ; Onrsed be the pipes and fittings, giving neither light nor heat , Oursad be the six and eightpence that we pay psr thousand feet j Cursed be tbe globe* and glasses tbat assist tbe fraud to burn ; Coned be the shares and holders, cursed be the whole concern. Henceforth I return to ctndlei, gasl'ght wanes for me and mine, Gaslight whicb ia wore-: than rushlight, or than soapsuds mixtd with brine. Fare you weLl.thou grass Green monster, who hast made me feel so sore ; X a gas-couiuming victim 7 Not for Joseph, Never mar,. 1 Sweetnera and li^ht are, according to Herbert Bpcneer. the two leading principles of the iieal sociology, and having disposed of the light we no* come to the sweetntsi. I do not mean to make any reference to fi pjt leedle sugar beet' of Hsrr Saner Erani : Ven BtinaliiE, but to tho concerts given in the ilbert Hall by Madame Belle Oele and her talented oompany, which certainly did perfectly illustrate the concord of sweet seutd. Msdamo Cole's face is a harmony in itself. It haa iu it more than beauty, though it doeB not lack that charm ; it is essentially winsome, and ia its power to please it operates upon all within its influence till they involuntarily find themselves purring : like ac-at in the sunshine. It is gjoi humor i presented Inanimate! allagory, Itisaperf .-ot | contralto face, suggestive of the rich, ripe, ; mellow mnelcal tones that thrill you to your finger tips. Har eyes are kindly and sympa thetic, and her smile lights up her whele faoe like a summer snnburst. Ae for her sing ing, I wonder whether it was on such Belles that the mind of her countryman (Edgar Allan Poc) was running when he wrote Hear tbe mellow concert Belles, Winsome Belles ; What a world ot h&ppinoEB; their harmony compels. On the chilly sir of nlphfc, How they trill out their deligbt From tho molten golden notes, And till iu tune As their liquid cadence floats To tbo noon, O ! from out their vocal cells What a gosh of euphony voluminously well*. How it swells, How it dweils. How in ringing tones it tells Of the raptarc that impels To the almoit seraph singing of the Bellas ; Of the Belles, Belles, Belles, To the mellow, molten mnii-* of the B riles. What 1 desired to s\y, however, with respect to Madame Oole's coscrt, when my pen took charge and boltei oS the oourae, referred more particularly to the question of tho special insplratiou under which some composers write. This was suggested by one ot the prominent items on her programme, and 1 c*n vouch for the truth of the ex ample 1 am about to cite, since it was told to me by a clergyman fresh from London, who haa often travelled in the same train as the emlnant musician. Tho caae is that of Sir Arthur Bullivan, who had prepared the wherewithal to pack up in a parcel a certain dress suit tnat ne wisnen co seni o&cx; to tne j tailor's, aud having struggled for fifteen j minutes to get the garments into an under- | sized piece of brown paper he at last ex ceeded, and looked round for tbe string. Where was it ? He wm ready to swear that he put it right down on that chair; but it had gone, and after ten minutes' fruitless hunt, during the course of which his waning patience was fast giving out, the parcel slipped from his grasp, and there it all waa to be done over again. Of course he had to find some safety valve or explode ; so, hot, furious, and perspiring he sat down, seized pea, and, by way of relieving his rcfllid feelings, composed ' The Lost Chord.' To get back to local matters, a stsry reaches me from Invermay which forcibly show* bow literally some people read tbe proverb that all is fair la love, war, and politics, even parish politics. In that picturesque and claaiic suburb an agitation is in progress for a Town Board, while the opponents ot the proposal desire still to re tain the existing Bead Trust, Petition aud counter-potition htve been prepared, signed, and forwarded upon the subject, the out come of which is now awaited, One of the arguments ussd br a certain Town Board advocatc was—' If we get the board we shall oa aiie to ciear eut au mese oeasc.y Chinese gardeners who now load the atmos phere with tbe oiors of decaying vege table and other matter.' Then he took the petition round to all those vege* table Johns, and by representations of a totally different character induced etch one to 'sign! what was, uud«r the cir cumstances, if not his own death-warrant, his own writ of ejsctment. Now, if he suc ceeds in getting the bsard, and then engineera his programme, it will be worth Eomething to sae the faoei ot thoae almond eyed Pagans when tbey first come to realise how treacherously they have been ' had.' Seriously, though it may b3 politics, it certainly ia not fair play. The stir that has been created in Hobart about the removal of the railway work-shopa to Launceston splendidly indicates the he'ght, breadth, depth, and cube contents of soms people's political principle. Bigid re trenchment and strict economy are watch words by wbi:h Hobart is prepared to swear, but it must be retrenchment aud economy practised at the cost of someone else. It they mean touching local interests, these vlrtures at once become the most iniquitous of vicea, and woe be to the apoftle of retrenchment er the advocate of economy who dare propoae putting a sacrilegious finger upon the holy ark of the the Hobart breeches pocket. Thty dj not want to raise any North and South cry ; far from it. They only want it to be under stood that in snch matters there is no North, and tbe South stands for Tasmania. It's a c*se of the Hobart 'ficlipsc flrstand the rest nowhere;' and thesa who will not fall in with these views are a set of unpatriotio and selfish soalliwags. In t *ct, to boil down all the speeches delivered at the late public meeting, and present them in a sort of Llebig'e Extract, it would only be necessary to scribble eome such rhyme as the follow ing, under tbe title of OTMBER ONE. Dear Southern frien To, if we intend Tne fittest shall aurvive, We've got to show tins? Northern folk How many beans m*kc five, . And let them scewi'ro not tbe men I Bo simply to be done I When matter baa to be diicuBBed | That touches Number One. We know onr sttte;mcn must retrench, And very gladly see, Away from home, the frequent signs Of strict economy ; But this, we want ou: public men Tj know, shall not be done At anything approaching to The cost of Number One. It's very well for Lancc»Bton, For Zeehan, and ' The Ooait ' To evermore be hanut*d By an economic ghost; But Hobart people, ae you know. Refuse to see the tun Of any frugal little game That crowds up Number One, We sternly deprecate whate'er May end in voicing forth A whisper ot th*t f jrl'sh cry — But still when duty makes demand We yield the palm to none, In voicing any cry that ma*0B A care for Number One. No party slogan wculd we hear In anybody 'a mouth, And therefore would we substitute Our cry, ?' The solid Bjuth,' Which es one truly national Should fairly ' Yank the bun,' And show how deep is our regret For noble Number One. In abort we say economy Is perfectly immense When practisei for our benefit At other folkb' expense ; But when it tonc'nes nearer bome It's face we sternly shun, And right or wrong, by hook or crook ; We stand for Number One. The additions made by recent oh⩾̸ to tbe cumber of Oivil servants retired on penrfnn have naturally causjd an exchange of expsrienccs between the new recruits and ihe veterans ot the retired brigade. As one result tne iouowing nas Been rcja'ca at the expense of a rural magistra te by a re tired offlcer living on bis pension in a quiet eountry district. To draw his money he has to get a declaration from a J.P. to the effect that he was alive at the date when the monthly payment fell dne. One of his neighbors had been gssetted to tbe magis tracy abost a week before the end of tbe month, and a few days after he filled in the declaration certifying that he was In the fiesh on 80th ult., and presented it t» bis neighbor for signature. Tbe newly sworn*in jastlce first of all read it. closely, considered it deeply, and then decided that be conld not sign it. 'Not sign it ! Why not ? ' ' Because this asks me to certify that you were alive laBt Wednesday, and as I didn't see you on tbat day I oan't certify to anything of the sort.' 'But you see me alive now,' ?* Ah! that's quite another thing. I'll certify that you are alive now if yon like, with pleasare, bat I'm not geiag to make rash official statements in writing j abont anything wh'ch occurred last WedneB- J d*7, outside my own personal knowledge,' I ?* *?* » J American railway affairs are muoh in evidence just now, b» hare is a tale of Ameiiotvn railway travel whish his a bumoreus ring in it:«Twe girls had en tered tho carriage and taken their asats, and tvre ladiea who fallowed took seats directly in front of them. Jnst as they were seated a stout lady oame forward, greeted them effusively, and the trio kopt up a lively conversation until the train started, i Then one ot them sail, ' Sit down here, near n?.' and, in a little lower tone, ' Tell thoae girls to sit somewhere elsa.' Bo the stout ond turnod round aud said in the mo*t freezing of tones, ' I wish to converse with my friends, and would like that seat. 1 am Mrs President fi ? -, of this road.' The girls stared at her an Instant, and then one ot them drawled, 11 Pleased to meet you. I'm sure. I suppose yon know 1 am Mra Presi dent Cleveland of Washington,' and the other girl, settling herself comfortably in ber seat, said, 41 And J. am Mrs Qaeen Vic toria.' There was an audible titter from the other passengers, aud the etout lady went to her orn e*at in the rear. 