TOWN TALK. The following news matter appears on the fourth pageCommercial, Gee long Hospital, Sunday School Bicuic, Leigh Shire Council, Special Cablegrams, A Heal Ghost, Materialism, Madness, and Poor Humanity, and The French Isavy. The Mayor (Cr J. H. Grey) has granted the General Post Office band, Melbourne, permission to play a selection of music in the Johnstone Parle on Sunday after noon next, from 2.30 p.m. till 4 p.m.. A collection will be taken up ou behalf of various charities. Owing to the want of sufficient public patronage, the projected railway excur sion from Bondigo to Queenscliff by way of Maryborough and Ballarat, which was to have taken place to-morrow, has been abandoned by the Railway Commis sioners. Yesterday aftomoon a parade of the third batallion of cadets was hold in Kordinia Park, and attracted to that pleasant resort a large number of sight seers. There was an excellent muster of cadets, the totals being with officers 167, viz., Geelong Grammar School, 44 ; Goo long College, 49 ; Flinders State School, 27 ; Swanston-street State School, 26 • Colac State School, 21. The battalion was under the command of Captain Garrard, and the cadets were pnt through a variety of manual and firing exercises and marches, the drill being very credit ably executed. The College buglers pro vided the music. About SO entries havo been received for tho various events in connection with the local St. Patrick's Day celebration on Saturday, and the handicaps, which havo not been completed through circum stances outside tho power of tho lion, secretary, will be published in to morrow's issue of this journal. Owing to his removal from the Shcl ford district, Cr Worland yesterday ten dered his resignation as a representative of the East riding in the Leigh Shiro Council. Tho resignation was received with regret, and the members present referred in appreciative torms to the maimer in which Cr "Worland had fulfilled Ins duties as a councillor. Mr "Worland lms secured a property in tho Curlewis district, "micro he intends to resume his occupation as a farmer. The annual meeting of the Grand Lodge of the Order of St. Andrew, S.C., was held at Bendigo on Tuesday, G.M. Bro. Thomson presiding. Among those present were G.I. Bro. Field (Geelong) Bros. Lylo (Ballarat) and CarmiehKel (Geelong). The report showed that the order suffered in common with other societies from the general depression, and that all the Grand Lodge funds were looked up in the Bank of Victoria, at Gee long. Fifty pound funeral allowance, due to the Ballarat branch, could not be paid,. The executive submitted a report in reference to the recommendation of tho Ballarat branch for reconstruction or amalgamation with another orrler. Even tually a motion was curried, that amalgamation of the order of St. Andrew, S.C., with the order of St. Andrew, Cos mopolitan, should ho sought, and tho motion was ordered to bo sent to the various lodges for opinion. The election of officers resulted : G.M., Bro. Homage, Bendigo; D.G.M., Bro. T. Miller, B?il Iiirat; Q. W., Bro. Acknian, Geelong ; G. tyler, Bro. Currie, Bendigo; G. treasurer, 5L1!?"Geelong; G. secretary, Bro. Mitchell ; auditors, Bros. T.-Lyle, iun. Ballarat, and A, Bell. A step in the right direction, that of preventing confiding backers of horses from being " welshed," was taken yes terday by the Drysdale Racing Club. A number of persons who desired to an nounce the odds and hot with people on tho course, attended the races, and they were quickly acquainted with the fact that the club required a deposit of £10 from each as a guarantee before they could be permitted to ply their calling. Seven of the bookmakers promptly 2>la»ked down fchoir cash deposits which were returned to them when the last race had been run. There were no complaints as to the settlements made on each of the events competed for, and the race meet ing terminated apparently satisfactorily to all parties concerned. There was a noticeable absence of "three card men," and the raco _ assemblage was of a most orderly description, and racing matters wore admirably carried out by the officials, tho hop. scofotaiy,' Mr jt'. Edwards, beiiig especially deserving of praise for his exertions" towards that end. ... " Fifteen .-small debt cases were" dealt with in tho Geelong police court yester day morning, one of which, however went to the limit of the jurisdieiiou of the magistrates, £30 being sued for in the case of A. Y. Rankin v. J.E. Bate man, whouaii order for the amount was made, with £3 3s costs. In the cuse of Dickms and Sons v. J. Tutton, for £6 2s, an order was obtained, and an applica tion by -Mr Bownmii for a garuish'co summons against Mr Jus. Stout to attach moneys in his possession belonging to Mr Tutton was granted, and £2 Ss 6d costs given against Mr Tuttou. The summons was made returnable next Monday. ■The following, accident. cases were attended at tho Geelong Hospital yester day:—-William Salter, aged 23 vears,' a resident of Garden-street, suffering from a severe injury to his left foot, which necessitated his admission as an inpatient. He was engaged loading a cart at one of the quarri.es with stppo, when the. horse attached to tho .cart suddenly moved onwards; and one of the wheels of the vehicle passed ovor Salter's' foot and severely crushed it. Alfred Curtis, a<ri:d 48 years, a resident of North Geelong injury to one of his feet, sustained whilst he was assisting to remove a horse out of o.ue_ of the horse boxes at the railway station. ' Tb'omas Loughrop, -ngoil ;16 years, a resident of Wiriclielsea, laceration of the left foot, caused by the slipping of an axo whilst he was cutting timber in the bush. The youth was admitted as an inpatient at lialf-pak ton o'clock last night. The " Toronto Mail " (Canada) of the "I J"nuary last; under the heading of A Happy Beginning," tints refers to the marriage in Toronto of Miss Beid, a daughter of Dr. D. B. Beid, formerly of Geelong:—" a quiet wedding took place at fit. Luke's Church on New JTear s evening, when Mr Harvey dti Cros judv., of Now York, fourth son of n lJ "rV^1-lu Gros- of ' Inniscorrig Castle, Dublin, Ireland, was wedded to Miss feeton Beid, of Melbourne, Aus tralia who has been visiting Miss Davie's, Doyntz House,' Rosedale. After the wedding Mr and Mrs du Cros received a number of their fnonds at Mr H - P Davies' residence, before departing on the midnight tram for the -West. The presents were numerous, as well as of a novel character, and costly, amongst them being completely furnished houtes in New York city (the business place of the groom) and a chavmiug residonco in Bosedale, r.of this city, where the happy couple expect to pass many months of thoir married life." A young man named Clias. Irvine was arrested yesterday afternoon by Con stable Irwin and lodged in the watch house on: a charge of having stolen a Winchester nflo, valued, at. 15s, tlio pro perty of Herbert Jno. Dupe. The pri (WhA™ ouatody stated that he foimd the rifle behind a fence, but the prosecutor informed thepolico that the weapon had been taken out of his shop. ' A very serious accident, caused hv the breaking ot a Kerosene lamp, occurred at a late hour on Monday night at Munro-streot, Coburfr, near Melbourne, whereby- two ,narr,cd Apnio and Lily Staffers, twm' 4. V<-'T rerious injuries. It appears that tho two young ladies were just about to retire to bed^aiul wero g-oing- round tlio fnT, t0 se® that everything was securely , " "P' p\ca one of the doors slammed nlW - i elder of the two girls, and tho other sister rushed violently upon her the collision knocking the lamp out of her hand th^Lro0 -n-001"" Thf> IamP broke, and the kerosene spilling upon tho floor caused a consumable flame. In an instant the fire m.ieldt n W Cl°th0s aM *hc W3S and himaSa of dame3- She screamed, and foolishly rushed out into thS yard, foil lowed by her sister Lily, who, with Cat prcsenoa of mind (remakstbe "Argon ") had nicked up a Bheet, which she threw about sueeerdlT - '\f-ter ?on.8idorablo difficulty snececded m extinguishing the flames, but The iTflod seriously burning herself about tlio hands and arms. As quickly as possible itiss Annie Stutters was removed into tho that she %ri,,g sent for. He found laii J r:l? severcl.v burned about the limbs and body, and it was first feared that but on °i'W°Ul<? unV°,a fatal tcrmio««on, Tuesday night she was progressing aLe«t°h ys r 8 ■P°58ib!o- Her clothes were k Z\ T fr°m he5 '""V, and the wonder life managed to escape with her twllilll,rcfcr.ence 10 the rec0,lt collision be '"® ,,l lc steamers Courier and Hubbuolc near the month of the river Yarra the Marine Board last Saturday decided gainst °f expert oommittee^ that Court 3v° ®aRe to go before the Marino court. Tho Commissioner of Customs bag however (remarks tho " Argns ") reouested 2*^^ to furnish him vrith copi^of re ports on the ease, and a statement of the reasons why the board arrived at its con elusion. The Minister, it may be explained ;°rder an '"Qoirj indcpeiidonlly or the board in any ease of tho kind. r,,fk a*0 °f ua'ng aburnve language was ?ndSvdi1.a«a,.nst two brothers named John on TuesdaV^'TI G°Urt' ^bourne, r evidence w«s to the effect that in paying for some beer one of tho accused, under the influence of drink, had endeavored to pasR off a "ho-us " £5 n„t„ ' upon the bar maids at tho Golden Fleece Hotel, in Elizabeth-street. When the "-iris refused to accept tho note Syd. Morris" histroriier w 0,0 Ase>"> and h°™d ri [ werc,thon von in charge, for the disturbance he had created Syd. Morris was fined 40s in default seven days' im Pnsonmenf: Ttrl.ih* i.:„ i _ .. "r 'im* This must bare Been the case with "ho pur with which he murdered his victim fetched about twenty-five dollars, we are told and dollars 'HiseTht!0-hh0 ,Iu= her ffeai'o five A meeting of tho executive ■ committee of the W.C.T.TJ. was held at the T.M.C.A. buildings yesterday afternoou to arrange for a mission Dy MrE. Tennyson Smith. Mr C. E. Bowcn, the secretary to Mr Smith, was present, and explained fully the mothods adopted in con nection with other missions which had proved very successful. It was decided to commence the mission on Saturday afternoon, April 21st, with a monster children's gathering, and as M r Tennyson Smith is par excellence a children's man, this meeting will undoubtedly prove very attrnctivo and an excellent introduction to tho mission. The meetings will bo held in the Mechanics' Institute, and the admission will he free, except on the last night, when a most attractive programme will be presented and a charge made for admission. Other important details were left till the next meeting, which is to he held on the 30th inst., when representa tives "f the various .churches and temperance organisations will he invited, and it is hoped a thoroughly representative gathering secured. MrBowen has promised to .attend t ic meeting and assist the coraroitteo in arranging for the mission. It ia stated that Arehdeaoon Green, of Ballanit, bishop-elect of Grafton and Armi dale, will he consecrated by Bishop Thornton at Melbouruo on 1st May, and installed at Armidale on the following 15th. Another change has Boon effected in the local police force, ConstableEvans having been brought from Melbourne to taho the place of Constable Glover who, at his own request, has been transferred to Footscray. Messrs 3T. Blomfield Brown and Co. remind buyers of tho sale of " Greenbank Farm,'.' which takes place in their rooms this afternoon ; at two o'clock. Mr %V. Gurr will hold liis: usual auction solo at his rooms, Exhibition Exchange, to-day at 3 o'clock, when about 150-.lots will be offered, also choice canaries, etc. Messrs Thos. Roadknighfc and Co. draw tho attention of fchoso in search of a neat house and shop property, to their sale by auction, this day, at 2 o'clock, on tho premises, Skone strcet, Newtown, of Mr Robin's cottage and shop. This is for positive sale, as the owner is leaving the district. Messrs Frederick Smith and Co. desiro to draw attention to sale by auction-Co- day, of a comfortable cottage residence, in O'Counell strect, Geelong West. Bank deposit receipts will be taken for the property at their full face value. . Mcssss Abraham, Shield and Rcid will sell to-day, at 2.30 p.m., in their auction rooms, Aroorabool-street, under instructions from Mr E; Collins, his.wcll-unprovcd farm of 78 acres situated at the foot of the You Ynngs, within 14 miles of Geelong ; also, immediately after the above, Mr G. Leigh's well-known farm at Marsballtown,' comprising 294 acres of good laud. ■ Mr H. F. Richardson, produce broker, draws attentiou to his advertisement ro sales of farm7 dairy and orchard produce this day. * f ' Attention is directed to. the auction sale this day J by.Mr.W. P. Carr, on premises, at twelve o'clock,1 of household furniture, and'in the estate of the late Mr Richards, in M'Killop street, near Elephant Castle Hotel. St. Paul's Church Union held its usual meet ing on Monday evening at tho Recreation Hall, Lalrobe^terraco. There was a largo at tendance of members, and tho 'Rev.. J. Tyson presided. One of tho chief items of tho busi ness was a resolution to disband the Union Cricket Club. It was also decided in view of the increasing duties of the secretary to appoint au assistant to Mr F. Gray,Who at present finds bis hands fully occupied. The junior sccjtion is also likely fo he re-commcuce<l dur ing the eubuiug winter evenings, and this should be an attraction to youths of a specified age for physical oxerriscand development. The subject for the evening was " A Science Even ing." The Rev. 3\ T. Hart, 73.Sc., etc., gave an ontnresting Iccturctte On Instinct," and after a very instructive description of tho habits of various animals, birds and insects, tlia lec turer related some very curious aucedotes re lating to them, MrT. Saylo also gave a lecture on chemistry^ and- fook no small amount of trouble to instruct the members in the produc-. tionof variousgaseSjCtc., hisTCmnrksboing illus trated by a. scries of. experiments,, some of which were amusing as well as alarming. At the conclusion of the proceedings bbth'gentlo men wera accorded hearty votes of thhnkstby the members. ' , The half-yearly meeting of the Beam's Marsh and Murroon Dairy Company will be hold in the Murroon schoolroom, on Thursday, 29th inst., at 2 p.m. , ' Special coaches will ho despatched to-morrow, radrutiig rit 9.30 o'clock from Cobb and . Co.'s. stables to the Ba'rriwii races. A meeting of fruitgrowers will he held iu tho Agricultural Society's office this morning, to appoint delegates to the conference in Mel bourne in reference to the Insect Pests' Bill. 