The Rev. Mr. Marshall may bo credited with having had a good object in view when he preached from tho pnlpit of Scots' Church on Tho Problem of Unomployed. , The oarc of tho work- less poor is not in itself an attractivo subject. It is not ono which a preacher is likely to choose for tho pulpit as a mere idlo seloction. And yet Mr. Marshall was almost as emphatic in his assertion of a great corporate duty impending as was this journal two montliB ago. The Scotch divine is quite convincud that tho shadow of a winter of deep suffer ing is already upon us. He says wisely and truly—" It is not a " tinio for theorising, or moralising, or "recriminations. It would be neither " Christian nor human in this " instance to ask any question hut " the one — ' IIow can wo meet this " 'crisis?' Wo should not wait till the " people starve or aro driven to crime." We weloome this cry from tho pastor of a leading church on behalf of a peoplo who aro under the rod of a deep affliction. The response comes late ; but it is much bettor late than not at all. The preacher acknowledged that the appeal made in these columns many weeks ago was on practic able linos. He said " A plan should be " adopted by which tho public could " send iu subscriptions weekly. That " plan wasurged in a very excellent loading " article in The Age some weeks ago, and " I believe with suitable arrangements for " collecting on an organised basis it would "he thoroughly eii'cctivo. Everybody " should be canvassed for subscriptions. "Not only the rich, but the other classes '"should givo according to their means, " especially those workmon who wero " amongst the fortunate in being in regular " employment." This in substance is the scheme put forward in our columns of the 10th of February last. What we then said as to the imminence of tho distress in tho com ing winter is now acknowledged on all hands. But tho scheme required the assistance of organising heads and helping hands. Tho hands would doubtless have been forthcoming in abundance had the natural or elected leaders of tho peoplo recognised their duty, and done it by calling a confer ence to make the necessary arrangements. We then remarked, in tho spirit of tho Scots' Church preacher " If anything " can be kept apart from the bane of party " bitterness in those times, this question " ought- to be." We believe the cry that politicians have been using tho distross of tho peoplo as a stalking horse to gain party ends to be a mere fabrication. There has been a very legitimate agitation to bring pressure upon tho Government. If tho people in times like these cannot look to their rulers for ' aid, to whom may they appeal? Wo may perhaps repeat hero the plan we put forward on a former occasion, when we said : — "What is wantail is not exactly a " Civic "Church," but a oentral clvio organisation, with branches throughout tha oity and suburbs. The' dstails should extend much further than this. Eaoli local coutre should map out its distriots into "squares " or " blocks," and every seotion should be plsoed under the elmrgo of two voluntary collectors, who would be respon sible for making a weekly call on every lionso where a wage earner resides. By way of showing what organisation and co-operation may do in a caBe like the prcsont, a few calculations may be interesting. Even in thoso dull times there aro certainly not fewer than 80,000 peoplo in and about tho metropolis who are earning wages, ranging from tho Governor with his £10,000 a year down to the servant girl with her Ss. a week. Soma of these would find it impossiblo to give more than threepence per week, others could give a shilling, some half-a-orown, still others five shillings. Lot us supposo that an average of sixpence per week could he got from the whole of the constituency. This would mean that n fund of £2000 a week could ha collected without anybody feeling materially hurt. If this plnn wero got in opera tion by tho end of February, it might go on and accumulate for two months, and so by the middle of May we should have a fund of £20,000 to operate upon for the relief works of winter. But inasmuch as the Civic Committee would continue its collections through June, July and August, the total sum collected would not fall short of £50,000. "What is wanted are that the organisation should bo perfeoted, and that will ing hands should take up tho work of collecting in a spirit of philanthropio self saorifioc. Two months' valuable time have since that been lost, and this means that £16,000 have nob been raised for a winter wage fund which might otherwiso by this time bo in hand. But the delay is not irreparable. If the Mayor of Melbourne were to invito tho suburban mayors and a few heads of churches, together with the leading members of tlio Gov ernment, to conference, tho thing might he done in a fortnight. Ample machinery might he improvised to cany out tlio heneficentp'an.and no one can doubt that by its aid much terriblo hard ship and preventible suffering would he avoided. AYe ventured to say on a former occasion that " there is quite sufficient "good feeling amongst the wage earners " generally to impel them to do their part in " helping their less fortunate brethren, " provided only that they are sure the "funds they supply will reach the " peoplo for whom they are intonded, " and not ho swallowed up in expenses." But the rank and file of the people have fow means of organising ; and when they meet in their misery to make their " bitter cry " there is too often a turning of the deaf ear, and a declaration that the moan which goes up is " tho work of " agitators." These aro tlio facts existing everywhere in sociof.y. Thoy are tlio truths which mado Canon Scott-Holland uso tho languago which sonnds so shocking to tho ears of Dr. Thornton. There is in tlio reverend ennon's words tho ring of an awakened conscience. "Let "us," ho says, " tako up ourpnhlic burdens." The load of tlio coming winter's misery will fall heavily on lis ; and on those who stand in tlioplaeo whore tlio duty is to move, arid who movo not a hand or a lip to caso the fall of poverty and want on tlio poor, tho responsibility is heavy indoed. Mr. Marshall said ho felt sure that tho Fress would co-operato with the Church in this work. Is it .not rntlier truo that tlio Press is always beforehand witli the Church, and that the reason why tlio mosses of tho people have come to look with coldness on tho namo of religion is, teste Canon Scott-Hoilnnd, hccauso it is so tardy as a rule in trans lating its theories into the practical duty of feeding the widow and the fatherless ? However, wo have in this mnttor no. complaint against tho Churchoa. Tho burdon of responsibility lies not on thorn. Thoy can help, but they cannot originato and organise the movement that would bring present succoss. Our civic and political rulers aro thoso on whom tho onus falls. "Will they answer it, or incur what Canon Scott-Holland in his fervid language ealln " the curse of uaiueiess fears " — the curse of cureless ills, of miseralilo " impotonce, of darkened counsol, of " paralysed judgment" ? The Thirteen Club has been colebrating a dinner in London, which was intended to throw ridicule on all tho superstitions that aro still cherished in society. Some of these, such as the fear of passing under n ladder, the alarm at salt spilled in tho direction of any one, and the objection to making a present of a knife or scissors, aro so puerile that, though they undoubtedly exist, they may safely ho disregarded. On the other hand, tho superstitions that it is unlucky to begin business on a Friday, and that if thirteon parsons dine together one or two of them will die within the year, are still fairly vigorous in England. AVe can work out tlio history of these with almost nbsoluto precision. There is . no trace of them in classical antiquity, though it had an inlinitudo of fond beliefs of its own, and they are certainly associated with Good Friday and tho Last Supper. What is curious is that the fouling about sitting down thirteon to the table has survived a great many beliefs which aro unquestionably hotter grounded, or at least more plausible. Even now, though most English people look upon the Thirteon Club as a harmless joke, and only wondor that its promoters should have taken tho trouble to establish it, a minority are writing letters or expressing themselves in a way to show that they consider the protest against old holiefs presumptuous. If anyone dies within the year out of thoso who sat down together six weeks ago it will cortainly ho noted ; and if one shoulddio from every table, tho super- stitubion will probably revive in all its intensity. What is noticeable in modem English society is, not that it is becoming less credulous, for its little tincture of scien tific training is not sufficient to have affected its constitution, hut that it tries to oxplain its superstitions in a rational man ner. The belief in ghosts is perhaps dying out in villages, hut seems stronger than ovor in circles that ought to bo delivered from it by education. Probably almost every drawingrooni contains some ono who believes in appearances at tho moment of death. There is a perfect literature on this subject. There is tho story, for instance, of Ficino, the Platonist, who agreed with a friend that whichever died first should come and announce to the other if there was a world beyond tho grave. Years alter, when tho two had been long separated, Ficino was waked towards early morning by a voice under his windows, and looking out saw his old friend mounted upon a white horse, and heard him say bofore he disappeared, " O Michael, Michael, those " things aro true." Again, there is the story of Dr. Donne, whoso wife, wringing her hands and with a dead baby in her arms, appeared to him at the moniont of liur death from childbirth. Abovo all there is tho story of Colonel Wynyafd, whose brother entered his room with a Unshed face in the Quebec barracks just as he died from scarlet fover in Eng land ; and this story is especially memor able, as Colonel Wynyard's companion on the evening of tho apparition afterwards identified as their visitor a poison who had always been mistaken for the dead man. Still, we believe it is true that no one of these stories up to the present time has been verified as any ordinary fact in com mon life admits of being. Tho host authenticated can still he explained away as an optical delusion or a dream occurring at a time when the seer's mind was, per haps unconsciously to himself, troubled, with forebodings. "Superstitions," says Oscar "Wilde, "are " the color element of thought and "imagination." "Don't make us too " offensively sano." A good deal must surely dopend on what the superstitions are. It is difficult to find much color in such a belief as that of vampires. The vampire by old belief was a corpse that rose from its gravo in the night nnd sucked the blood of living people. Which was tlio guilty corpse could bo detected by opening tho graves and finding what body had all tlio appoarance of life and was full of blood.' This being done, the only safe course was to burn the vampire to ashes. As late as the roign of Louis XIY. a French commis sion was appointod to inquire into the existence of vampires. It got as far as "Vienna, and sent word to Paris that the evidence of vampires in Hungary was too strong to be set aside, but when the mem bers wero ordered to verify tlio stories told them on the spot, they found that all of them melted into thin air. Here and tliore a weird poem ortalo may be found in which the vampire has been utilised, but on the whole it was a very ghastly belief. "Tho belief in witchos impresses one most at this day by its frightful puerility. It teems to liavo existed from . all time, and is far from being extinct yet, even in England. Gradually, however, tho witch changed from being a formidable personage, able to raise the dead, into a m&lovolont; but feeble body, whose only way of revenging herself upon her persecu tors was to go into partnership with tho devil. There is something more picturesque in tlio long lived superstition of tlio " evil eye." Mr. Marion Crawford tolls us in ono of his last novels that it is still one of the most effectivo forms of slander in Italy to hint that the person you dislike carries misfortune in her glance. Society believeB this to he possible, and naturally sends the objectionable person to Coventry. On the other hand, it is reasonable to admit that while the snperstitions which connect themselves with the powers of evil are almost all grotesque and repulsive, there have been a great many of a brighter kind. The old mythology of Greece, which gave overy tree and every fountain its nymph, .and which peopled the sea with syrens and with Neptune's court, was so beautiful that ono can understand the Gorman poet's lament for nature stripped of its divinity as science enmo in. Tlio " guod people " or fairies of English legend aro a vory porfoot substitute for tho gods of Greece. The mediaeval legonds of the saints, snch ns that of St. Christopher, tho well meaning giant who carries tlio infant Christ over a ford and almost sinks under tlio weight, aro often perfect poems in themselves. Unfortunately, it seems impossible to havo an expurgated faith in the best of thoso, nnd to lcoep them for household treasures. So it is thatwiion wo tako stock of " superstitions in any highly civilised country wo find that tho last to survive aro those which aro associated with tho idoa of misfortune. Gamblers and adventurers who are speculative by tompe- rameiit occasionally lielieve in a good star as well as in evil omens. Even so, how ever, the faith . is curiously mixed. Gamblers at Monto Cnrlo liko to got a novice, and preferably a child, to play for them ; hut this probably docs not mean so much that thoy think fortuno favors tho yonng as that they assumo tlio devil to bo always at hand that ho may beguile tho innocent with a prospect of gain. In a sonse, of course, the supersti tion of luoky and unlucky men is defensible. The first Rothschild would nevor engage a clerk who said that he was unfortunato, hut lioro the belief was probably not in an ovil star, hut in soino flaw of character, iiiroiigii wiiicii circumstances wero turned to had account. On this principle, however, Rothschild would havo declined to hack Louis Napoleon when he tried liis chances for the third, time in Franco in 1848 ; and yet, as it turned out, Louis Napoleon was prcdeatinqd to more than twonty yoars of very brilliant prosperity. Rothschild's superstition certainly did his fortunes no harm, and, on tho other hand, Louis Napoleon's belief in his destiny bore him up through trials that would havo un manned anyono with less resolute faith. On the whole, it would Beem that tho fow snperstitions now loft to the world, ontsido of a man's belief in himself, are distinctly vulgar and trivial, and such as tho world could well afford to part with ; the reason for whioh probably is that wo are more apt to he fearful than sanguino in our anticipations. Tho single caso excepted, that of a man's belief in himself, most likely depends upon temperament. Cowpcr goes despondently through life because ho is conscious of wanting animal spirits, and Napoleon attempts impossible enterprises because ho believes in liis own capacity to work miracles, and is only wrong now and again. 