SPARROWS AND NOXIOUS WEED.S. If the sparrow of South Australia had as tender a conscience as the jackdaw of Rheims he would have withered away long ago under the blighting; influence or the cunes of fruitgrowers and vine growers. But unfortuuatoly he seems to have no conscience at all or, at least, none to speak of, and, what ia still worse, he has little or no fear. When the Sparrow Destruction Act of 1889 was passed he may perhaps have felt j scared for a time, as he sometimes ik when he sees the enraged proprietor of a garden with a shotgun. But in this case the gun was not loaded. In! other words, the permissive clauses of the Act alone were brought into operation1, and no execution whatever was done a^nong the ranks of the marauders. Nor can it reasonably be wondered at that feuch should have been the case. The bUin. Varies of Municipalities and District Councils may be very clearly marked Ion bhe map; but the sparrow dine gards all such artificial restraints, and wanders from oue Municipality tp mother according to his own sweet' J will. One local authority acting j tingly would not have the ghost of a I ehanca of eradicating the pest. It | was not to be expected that any one District Council or Municipality would ? undertake to keep its own territory clear, and at the Bame time to relieve its neighbours of all the sparrows that might come from thorn. A crusade against such a nuisance must be undertaken conjointly or not at all. The per missivo clauses have had a fair trial, and they have proved quite ineffec tive. But the compulsory clause has now been brought into operation through the issue of directions from the Commissioner of Crown Lands. The gun has been loaded, and the sparrow has need of all his cunning to take care of himself now. Funds for the campaign may not be readily forthcoming in the present straitened financial condition of the colony. Ratepayers who have no lot or interest in the fruitgrowing industry would look aghast if called upon to pay a special rate fur the purpose ot destroying his winged enemy. Plenty of reasons against any remedial measure can be discovered by those who think that they will not be benefited by it and do not want to pay. Of course every one who reflects at all on the matter knows that each sparrow killed means so much fruit saved which would have been absolutely wasted, or so many grapes rescued for profitable use in the production of wines or raisins, to say nothing of other horticultural products delivered from destruction. Sometimes it is even argued that the sparrow is a good friend to the gardener and farmer because it destroys the locust. But then again tha locust has his advocates who contend that heisof service in the economy of Nature. In short, if one were to listen to every class of enthusiast in natural history, as to the economic uses of birds and insects he would have plenty of reasons set before him to prove that all the so called enemies of mankind are friends in disguise. Each pest is said to destroy something lower in the scale of life on the principle that Bitr fleas have little fleas upon their legs to bite 'em, Little fleas have ksser fleas and so ad infinilum. But fortunately the District Councils' Association has discovered, with the assistance of legal advice, that there is no necessity for declaring a special rate in order to comply with tha provisions of the Act. The campaign need not be at all an expensive one, and it is not regarded as advisable to impose a special war tax. The professional advice referred to is to the effect that tho expense may legally be defrayed out of the ordinary rates of Municipalities and District Councils. The Treasurer pro mised yesterday, in reply to representa tions from the executive of the Associa tion, to urge that Government should supply poisoned wheat to District Councils, and he seemed to be favourable also to the proposal that it should be delivered at railway stations at cost price. This appears fair enough, considering that the work now to be undertaken is of a really national character. But on the other hand, when requested to set tho law in motion against local authorities for nob destroying sparrows, the Trea surer adopted the non-committal attituda of the constable who is asked in a casual way to arrest 6ome one and replies— ' Well, if any of you gentlemen will lay an information'?' He does not wish to act until some one makes a complaint. For many years past the District Councils h%ve been under the impresaion that they knew how to destroy noxious weeds. This, it would now appear, has been a graat mistake all along, as the Riverton Council has found out through the unpleasant experience of having to pay twelve guineas legal expanses. Physi cally, no doubt, they understood . the operation of complying with the Act of 18G2, but legally they did not. Tho district officer employed men to do the work instead of doing it him- ' self ; hence the reversal of the decision of the Local Court and ths triumphant assertion of the star thistle to ita right of survival. Generally if a public body is empowered by certain legislation to do a specified act it may also direct a person in its employ to carry out the work. Presumably it would have been legal for the District Council of Riverton to have given instructions direct to the men who were actually to do the work. But a second delegation of the task was ultra vires. In such a highly technical argument it would be unsafe to predicate that this represents the exact state of the case. But, at any rate, tho decision seems to leave no other reason* able conclusion open. The Judges were not unanimous on the points argued out i couple of weeks ago, and it is plain that very subtle difficulties such as the legal mind rejoices in have been raised. The issue of the case, however, may possibly have some bearing on tho methods to be adopted in giving directions for bhe destruction of sparrows. Are the District Councils to be liable to prosecu tion for illegal expenditure unless they ;ive direct instructions to all the small boys who may be engaged in collecting Bggs and heads '! If so the meetings of :he Councils had better be adjourned to Jie s.-hoolhouses when sparrow destruc tion comes on for discussion. Tue Game of Gkab ix Morocco.— The death of the Sultan of Morocco is an event of far-reaching interest. This potontate, whose barbarous proclivities brought infamy upon his name, was no mcro figurehead, and of late years mine especially his proceedings had come to be watched with no little vigilance and anxiety by the great European Powers. Had tho private wishes of His Shercetian Majesty been consulted he would no doubt have preferred to be left to his own dovices rather than be drawn into the tangled wob of European diplomacy. But Morocco occupies by far too important a position for the Sultan's peace of mind. In addi tion to facing the greatest military strong hold in the world Morocco is on tha very confines of Southern Europe, possess ing a coastline which is frequently used by more than one nation as a convenient naval rendezvous. Besides this the com mercial value of the country has made it particularly attractive in foreign eyes, and more than once the claimants to a preponderating influence in its affairs have been on the point of settling their pretensions by other than peaceful means. The eudden removal therefore, whether by poison or by natural causes is imma terial, of tbe ruling monarch is an event which gives rise to many serious possibili ties. Spain from across the Straits of Gib raltar, as well as from her settle ments within the country, has ever been eager to secure a stronger footing in Morocco. France as the possessor of Algeria, and with a new born zeal for colonization has lost no op portunity of getting a firmer grip upon the Sultan, and the recent series of indecisive collisions with the Tuaregs b only one part of the aggressive policy which nas been pursued for some time past. Germany, with a keen eye to business, has adopted a policy of her own. While othor Powers have been strangling for political influence the Fatherland has secured what England and France have sought in vain — a com mercial treaty v.'ith the late Muley :- Hassan. Great Britain has taken the stand that in the interosts of humanity and civilization it was necessary that occa sional sharp lessons should be given to the Moorish Court in order to socure respectful treatment for British subjects at the hands of a sovereign possessing antiquated Oriental notions as to the demands of international courtesy in modern times. It is easy to see, therefore, with Buch diverse interests at work that the death of the Sultan leaves ample room for com plications of the most critical kind. Already foreign men-of-war are collecting on the Morocco coast, while the seaport town of Melilla belonging to the Spani ards is being reinforced with troops. As sailed with troublcsfrom without there are internal worries which may well occasion alarm to the barbarous State. When Muley-Hassan was reported to be dead ? few years ago gr-ve difficulties were anticipated in connection with the accession of his successor. It is the custom for the Sultan in his lifetime to indicate whom he wishes to take his place, and at the time men tioned the preference was given to a younger son. This, it was feared, would inevitably occasion the most profound dissatisfaction amongst those who supported the eldest son. Now it seems to be a brother of the deceased Sultan who stands in the way to a peaceable transfer of power. Thisisatnatter which the Moors might well be left to fight out amongst themselves. Muley- Hassan was prone to be intoxicated with absurd notions of his own impirt tance, and this, with his obstinacy, often brought him into serious trouble with his big neighbours in Algeria and with other Powers. It is hardly to be ex pected that his successor will be much better or worse in this respect, .though it is to bo hoped for the future welfare of the country, which h&s; wonderful resources as yet undeveloped, that the abominable cruelties perpetrated from time to time in Morocco, disgracing it in the eyes of the civilized world will be more vigorously discouutenanced by the new ruler. The visit of the British envoy last year, and the fre quent indemnities wrung from Muley Hassan are not likely to be forgotten in a hurry. If it were not for the vigorous policy of colonization, which is not inaptly termed a ' gamo of grab' by foreign Powers, Sultanscould come and go without much importance being attached to their movements. Morocco, however, occupies too important a position from a military and commercial point of view for any change in its administration to be viewed with unconcern. The Great Powers are bound to take advantage of the oppor tunity of strengthening their position, and it is not easy to foresee what tho issue will be. The Revenue.— The actual revenus rs ceived by tha Treasurer from Jnly 1, 1303, to June 11, 189-1, amounted to £2,201,063, It is impossible to give tha expenditure approxi mately till the end of the month. The English Mail.— The Orient Line U.M.S. Guzco passed Gape Borda at ten minutes past 6 last niftht, and arrived at the anchorage early this morning. Passencehs by thk Obcha.— The following passengers have been booked to leave by the R.M.S. Oruba, whioh sails for London to-day: — For London — Messrs. J. and F. Jude, Mr. W. A. Horn, Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Croall and family, Mr. and Mrs. A. HoFarlane, Mra. Davidson and child, Messrs. W. Westrope, G. Olsen, W. S. Ramsay-Evans, W. Hills, K. Sbepherd, and R. Smart. For Albany— Messrs. G. F. Johnston, R. M. Walker, S. R. and W. R. Wilson, T. Jepheon, Jobn Bagot, T. S. Horn, E. W. Thompson, and J. M. Smith. The Mining Act.— Remembering how this Acb was rushed through Parliament at the end of last session, it is not surprising that a blunder has been made. Clause 112, whioh was intended to prohibit any offtoar of the department, such as the Warden or Inspeotor of Mines, from having any pecuniary interest) in mining claims, baa been so worded that the Grown Law officers advise that a Mining Surveyor is liable to the penalty of £500 or six months' imprisonment with hard labour. The clause reads : — If *n officer appointed nndar this Act shall bold either directly or indirectly a share or interest in any mining venture in South Australia ho sti3.ll ba liable to a penalty not exceeding £500, or im prisonment with or without hard labour for any term not exceeding six months. If a land surveyor licensed under the Mining Act holds a few shares in say the Aolare pro perty he cannot Hurvey a claim. &B; Belbana without becoming eligible for durance vile. So satisfied is the Crown Lands office as to tha interpretation of the olause that surveyors have been warned that that is the risk they run. If any Civil servant were to turn out a moioty of the bungling work the Legislature did last session hia placo in tho Government offices would soon know him no more. Rsv, B. 0. Stepheksox, M. A.— This rev. gentleman's condition has considerably im proved duriug the past few days. He Las better nights, and hia medical attendants hope that he will soon gain more strength. Thb Railway Servants. —Sumo miscon ception exists about a few notices the Kail way Comroiesioners have issued, giving sexa genarians notice that they must retire on June 30\. These have been issued under a regula tion whioh baa been in operation eicce January 9, 1889, The regulation nays : — ' Every employe in the railway service shall retire from finch service at thn age of sixty years. The CommiEfiioners may, however, at their discretion in any particular case suspend the operation of this regulation for such time of from time to time, and upon euch terms and conditions as they think tit.' The practice is to advise men who become sexagenarians that in pursuance of this regulation their connection with the eervice will cease on a given date. The employ^ so affected who may wish to continue in the service* may make application through tho head of his depart ment to the Commissioner to be reappointed. A report is obtained as to his ability to perform satisfactorily the duties required of him, and upon the recommendation of the head of the department, he is reappointed from year to year in accordance with his physical ability to do his work and his good conduct. Very few have been retired under this regulation, and there are many over 60 years of age, and one over 74 years old. 