Communicated. GOSSIP ABOUT CHILDREN. Foreign and Colonial. (I'.V "NONA.") We are told in the WOrdfcof the *poet that the proper study of;mackind> is man, and while admitting the trbth of the hackneyed quotation,. We Would propose, for the moment, the equally interesting— not to say, more innocent and more whole some—study of childhood. This is the children's era. The child: its training, rearing, development, is a subject Which grows in importance. But, in this Short paper, we disclaim any intention of enter ing into the; serious aspects of the ques tion, but merely to glance at Some of the little oddities and humors of child-life. Somebody has said that tire " wdhian " and the " working man" thrdughover much discussion have become unmitigated bores, and there are no doubt many who will say that the " child " is the greatest bore of all. With such we might acknow ledge, perhaps, a slight bond of sympathy, and it has always seemed rather a hard saying that we should be distrustful of the man or woman who does not like children or whom Children do not like, for children are addicted to the most curious, prepos sessions. You will hear a child give some outrageously absurd reason for dislike of a particular person which, though discom fiting. to the person concerned, is fre quently a source of amusement to others. Most of us can doubtless bring to mind very estimable people who would not have a child within a mile of them if they could help it. Do the children of these colonies differ in any marked degree from children in the old countries? While the men and women of Australia have been abundantly criticised the children have not been for gotten, and some marked characteristics, not always favorable have been attributed to them—pert, precocious, irreverent, or self-possessed, clear-headed, self-reliant— according to the temper and point of view of their critics. We are disposed to think the methods of training have to Answer for any difference that may exist more than anything inherent in the na ture of the children. Children are much the same the world over. Innocent, mal leable, receptive ; quick to catch the spirit of their environment, and from this cause we may perhaps trace the possession of that quality, aptly enough described as " spread-eagleism " with which their elders are generally credited. Their masterful spirit, in comparison with their more amenable brothers and sisters on the other side of the hemisphere, is displayed in many little traits. For instance, school children in the old country have a rhyme in which they beg the "black man, black man" to "dry their slate," and " they'll give him a lump of cake." This is conciliatory, even de precatory ; but when young Australia invokes the same personage to perforin a like office, there is no beating about the bush, they straightway demand the "black man," &c.;, or "they'll give him a slap on the face." In like manner you may hear chil dren in the old country when they have arrived early at school on a cold morning, hopping about to keep themselves warm, chanting " Master, master, let me in, my feet are cold and my shoes all done "—the " shoes all done " being in many instances literally correct, But mark the tone of the Australian young idea when he ad dresses scholastic authority—"Hip, hip, hooray ! the Queen's birthday; if you don't give us a holiday we'll allrun away." Another noticeable little trait of Aus tralian children is the materialistic way they have of looking at things. They have not much of that vague sort of terror of they know not what. They are not afraid of ghosts; not, that is to say, in comparison with young people in the old country. On one occasion, a little nurse girl being commiserated for having to go home alone on a particularly dark night, rather astonished her sympathiser by say ing " Oh, I like the dark nights, for then no one can see you ; but on the moonlight nights anyone can see you, and then I'm always afraid." No vague, mysterious tremors here. It was the known and tan gible that caused her alarm. The aveiAge Australian child dearly loves the spectacular—funerals are a form of dissipation. It is considered but com mon decorum in the old country to have Children out of Bight and hearing, but this arrangement would never do for young Australians. "I wish I was a Catholic," said, very seriously, a young lady of eight or nine summers to her little Catholic friend as they wended their way home from witnessing a " guild" funeral. "Why?" asked her friend. The little 1 one heaved a Bigh and said, " they have always such nice funerals." " Isn't it a pity of the poor Protestants," \- raid a Catholic child, in the midst of a leather severe thunderstorm. The child's feeling of trust in' God m&y; have r Wen badly expressed, thoughher meaiiirig^faas dear. % '>tt>se iayJolUHt Bad m&deMm; it Vfest for the cold weather,,, was being teased, by his andeisters on tiie scbre th&jfc;, as ^^febg: to the^yatiqn Aipiqyft. It' puzzled Iffin', at fiSat ..how to. answer tiiis. Sud&uly;, a thought occurred to him.. " Ah,but Sal vation Anfijr don't wear Agi Di," said, he, tugging: triunaphfently at the cord round his'lieCT, tb' which his " Agnus Dei" Was attached. The logical faedlty seems to haVe been early developed in the little gitl wbb experiended so much trouble in re'oit .ipg the " Our Father " at evening prater. " Gite usthisdo?/ oht daily bread." No, that coiild not be right. " Give us this day. No, there' must be a mistake ; this is night! and besides T don't want any bread, at night." The child ' confessed what a serious stumbling block this had been long after it had left childhood be hind. A very good instance of association of ideas was shown in the child who, trying tb recollect the name of a person of his acquaintance said, "Mr. , Mr.-—, Mr. Drunk." The gentleman's name was Brander, which young hopeful had evi dently mistaken for brandy. Brandy, Mr. Brandy, therefore, Mr. Drunk. Most logical reduction. In their interpretation of meanings of words children are BometimeB extremely amusing. Father Reeks, in an article on congregational singing, gives some amus ing instances of this kind. As a child he had learned a considerable number of hymns from his nurse. One of her favo rites was " Hail! Queen of Heaven," and when she came to the line, " Refuge in grief," it always seemed to him as if she said " Refuge in green;" and he wondered why Our Lady should be addressed as " Refuge in green when her ordinary colors in those days were red and blue." An other of this nurse's favorites was " Faith of Our Fathers." She sang the last line of each verse with the accent on the word "till." "We will be true to thee till death." And he thought till death a pro per name, and meant perhaps Matilda. " We will be true to thee, Matilda." "I never got any satisfactory explanation," adds Father Reeks, " and clung to my own interpretation—Matilda." Another child was in the habit of sing ing with much fervor, " Hear and grant my petition. Sarah, give me thy heart! " when it should have been, "Hear and grant My petition. Sinner, give Me thy heart." But there is no one who has any dealing with children or has any recollec tion of their own young days but might recall many such amusing, and sometimes very distressing, blunders. Whether these experiences are of foreign or colonial children matters little. If they are often tiresome they are as fre quently refreshing and amusing. To have success with children, one must keep clearly in mind their own childhood's days. Sympathy would seem to be the grand secret. In this way the assertion may be correct that those who do not like children arc to be mistrusted. For the man or woman who has a tolerably clear memory of his or her own innocent child hood and has never quite loBt touch with that, he or she will be the one who loves children and whom children love. 