gatj of iiest. THE LORD MY SHEPHERD. The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. Be maketh m« to lie aown in green pastures: H» leadeth me beside the still wat«». He restoreth my soul: He leadeth me in the paths ol righteousness for Bis name's sake. Vea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for Thou art with me; Thy rod and Thy staff they comfort ir.a. Thou preparest a Uble before me in the presence of mine enemies: Thou anointest mj Leaa with all; mj cup runneth over. Surely goodness and merry shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will <iweU is the House of the Lord for ever.—Psalm xsiiL It is a short psalm, and yet I do not think I shall be able to get over it all, and all I will attempt, in fact, to do to-night is to just suppose the psalm a harp and thrum the strings of it here and there in the hope that its grand, sweet, old-new music may get into our hearts as we wait before God to-night. I do not think it is easy to get over this psalm; short and all as it is it begWB in earth and it ends in Heaven—" And I will dwell in the House of the Lord for ever." It is a long psalm, although it is short in its words, like tbe lamplighter's short stepladder that hs carries on hi® - shoulder; but short and all as it is it serves to lift him from the street up to the light of the lamp; and these few verses, short aud alias they are, if we just plant th6m aright, serve to lead us through the mud and mire of earth right up to the light of the paace and the glory of Heaven, where we hope to dwell with the Lord for ever.. Now, there was an old fiddler in Scotland—the grand, new name, of course, is violinist; he was not a violinist, he only played the fiddle. Some Scotch people will recognise him by bis name of Neil. One day Neil was asked by somebody to give a test of good Eddie playing, and be said—using, of ooorse, his owu tongue, but I must translate it for you—"Can you make yourself ory with your own playing?" It was a very shrewd test, aud I feel, dear friends, that is a very shrewd test far playing 1 the twenty-third psalm. Unless the preacher can touch his own heart with it, it is apt to be a little handicapped and a little formal in the hearts of those that hear him. May tha Spirit of God BO breathe upon me to-night that my own heart shall be made fresh and warm by the eternal truths that underlie this sweet old psalm, and that your hearts also may catch its heavenly notes, and Bome of us may wake and sing who were sitting in the dust when they came in. The keynote of the psalm ia a personal note, and it runs all through: " The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want;" and there, just like a pendulum, it swings between those two extremes, the Lord and I, as if besides myself no man or angel lived in earth or heaven. There are questions among scholars to-day as to who wrote any of the psalms, or all of them—tbe twenty-third inoluded—and, of course, there are questions as to whether David wrote them. I believe David did; but suppose he did not—David or the other man? I do not think it is a question that leads to great profit. I sometimes just settle the question about the authorship of the twenty-third psalm by just saying, ." Iprrote it myself. Until you find out who wrote it just set it down to me." I mean by that I feel as if I have written it, I feel as if I had been just saying these things ail to myself, when this man oame along and said them out loud. That, of course, is a touch of genius. This twenty-third psalm is just everybody's psalm; its ft and me's and tny's make it everybody's psalm ; take it and make it yours ; put on this garment of praise, survey yourself in the flashing mirrors of Divine grace, and see ho >r well it fits any shoulders that are wrapped round with it. "The Lord IB my shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for Thou art with me and I." That man away there in the gallery ; this man under the gallery ; I, obscure, poor, I, man of no acoount, anonymous even if you knew my name, "I will dwell in the House of the Lord for ever." I have been a good deal lately engaged specially in evangelistio work. I should like to do it again at this point and in this way. ¥ou would like to know whether you are a Christian or not, whether you are saved or not. You sometime! say, 'Tis a point I ling to know, Oft it causes anxious thought. Do I love tbe Lord or no ? Am I His or am I not 5 THE NIGHTINGALE PSALM. Dear friend, get to know this pealm. I do not know anything to help you better. Can you in your heart, aa an honest man, sing or say this twenty»third psalm! If you can, then you have been converted somewhere, somehow, sometime; flesh and blood never of themselves used this language to express the relation of the heart towards God. And if you can find it in your heart to say it to-night—I do not even say to sine; it—you have turned the corner of ten thousand weary questionings ; and remember, God will never put you to confusion and take this psalm out of your.lips, and ray, " That ie a psalm fo? some special, peculiar saints of Mine." He only longE to hear you begin to sing it. May we begin to-ni£ht, ia much simplicity and much sincerity, every soul of us, and say, " By God's grace, from henceforth these be the terms on whioh I wish to stand with Jehovah- Jireh as regards my soul and life and destiny." Remember, it is not a hard psalm; it is so easy. Henry Ward Beecher said a fine thing about it when he said that what the ' nightingale is among other singing birds the twenty- third psalm is among the other psalms of the collection. I do not need to tell some of you people what the nightingale is. "It is small," says Beecher, "aud of hourely feathers ; but what a singer it is! And so the twenty-third psalm. It is not a grand soaring psalm of thundering hallelujahs, line the tempestuous psalm that closes the oollection." Now, like the nightingale, it ia small and of homely feather, but what a singer it is ! And we re-echo Beecher's words when he says : " Blessed, blessed be the day on whioh that psalm was born." I wish it would sing to us to-night. Now let me get a little into the notes of it. I would make this audience, as it were, a great music- class, and I would teach you how to sing. I have a great qualification for teaching you how to sing, and that is that I do not know muoh about it. If I were a musicteacher I would say something of what the music-teachereslla musical phrase?, expressions and runs, so to speak, to be taken ]u«t at one breath. Yon are not to halt in the middle of it, to breathe and fill your lungs again; you are just to take one long breath, and expend it in the utterance of that phrase—both speech and music. If we can do that with our hearts, with the very first verse of the twenty-third psalm, we may make a very long advance in sieging with our hearts, "The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want." Most of us make a wretched bungle of that phrase. We begin well enough, " The Lord is my shepherdthe? our lungs are empty, we draw our breath and spoil it. "The Lord ia my shepherd"—but we have great need of some little thing to-night. "The Lord is my shepherd," but—and there we spoil it. Come now, let mn teach you; let David, that grand musician, teach you; do not spoil it; try it again, that last time waa wretchedly flat, try it again. "The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want," louder, sweeter, truer, fuller, compel thy queruioue, complaining, faithless, grumbling soul to say it again and again and again, "The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want." It will kill some of us dead to say it; God speed the killing ! It will bring you to life on tbe other side ; it will kill all self-riffhteousnest, and it will kill all unbelief; it will kill all doubt and all distrust. " The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want." This psalm is literally true. The great difficulty of the psalm aud the great ease of the psalm juBt lies in the first bar, so to speak, of the heavenly music. There are no great high notes in it. I would be a grand singer I sometimes think, but jusb when I am getting along nicely, evenly, in an 6asy kind of eong, that moves easily like tbe paalm between the lines and spaces, suddenly I am pulled up by the composer, who has taken a nolle and stuck it up high where it is lost to me. As somebody has said, I get wrecked on these wild high eeas. And then some of you would be good tingers, but just when your are moving along nicely there is a note thrust away down there; ycu cannot see it, let alone sing it. There is no snch trouble in the twenty-third psalm. It is a nice little plain song, made for plain, simple people. You do not need great endowments"of either head or heart; it is a plain song for just beginners ; y O U need not sing it with your voice at all. I was a baby boy once, and my mother was no singer; she ne?er knew the "Old Hundredth" from " Auld Lang Syne," but—I do not know whether you know the word—she oould "croon." May you croon this twenty-third psalm. It is not for great prima - donnas, nor silvery - toned tenors, or electro - plated tenors, nor basso profundos; it is a simple song. I have seen a woman take some queruioue, fretful child, oh, when the little thing was juet a bundle of crossness, and, instead of thrashing it—you oannot do without thrashing sometimes, but it does not do always—instead of taking the oross little thing and thrashing it, she just lifted that little bundle of wretchedness, and laid it on her lap, and drew it into her bosom, and just bummed away. Do you kuow what happened ? In about ten minutes that little bundle of wretchedness was lying straightened out, drowned in a blissful sleep. Oh, that God the Holy Ghost, that nursing mother in God's household, would take somebody to-nieht that is tired, and weary, and cross, and wretched, and miserable, just draw you into it, and croon, oroon into your ear the matchless uiusic of the twenty-third ptalm ! " The Lord is my shepherd"—there is the difficulty of it, dear friends, its great simplicity. All it needs is this. You need to be dead done with self, either your righteous self or your wicked self, and you need I to land both feet firm and square, all your on Himself. That is the difficulty, thao us the triumph of faith. THS LOED's CONTINUAL GOODNESS. Now let us RO further into the music. I cannot touch it all. as I !;uve said. "He maketh me to lie down in erreoo pictures, He leadeth me beside still waters.'' I want to remind some of my audience to night how good the Lord has been to you for this world, and let the blush of shame creep across your thaukless cheeks as I charge it home upon you. He has led you by green pastures and beside still waters. You really have had no trouble, and if you are honest men you dare not say it is because you are better than other people. See to it that you give the Lord the praise when you know that all that makes your life and lot desirable has come from His pierced hands. Why, how good He has been to some of you ? What has life been to you 1 Why, it has been like lying in some laudlooked harbour under the hill, with your boat gently rooking in' the bay, and all you know of storms and stress and trial is, as you sit in that land-locked bay and look out and Bee the great, white waves race past the harbour's mouth where the seas are battling with the tempest. Down on thy faoe bnore God in profoundest gratitude "for the way by whioh He has led you. Some of us never had a trouble except the troubles we kioked up for ourselves, and the unfortunate people we have got to do for. I am in the South of London ; I am nr>t in the West-End. Iam forgetting, and I know some of you have had trouble; you have had heaps of trouble and sorrow upon sorrow, and trial upon trial, and unmerciful disaster follows faster aud faster ; bat hear me, brother, sister, you may be naked, bare, and poor, knocked about like a football—listen to me: if in your soul to-nisrht you can say, "The Lord is my shepherd," then it is green pastures and still waters, then yon have riches beyond the dreams of avarice, and can say, "He is mine and I am His." Therefore be not distrustful and downcast; the Lord Himself is goodly land and a large; the Lord Himself is a fat portion to them who poBBess and enjoy Him. THS GEE AT PHYSICIAN. But I mnst hasten on. He ep«aks in the nest strain of muBic of his soul being restored : "He restoreth my soul." There I think we have our Shepherd Jesus spoken of as a healer—our physician. I remember, dear friends, how at cue time I had utterly false notions about shepherds, notions, I suppose, drawn from pastoral poetry, either in tho ancient or the modern, notions that made me think" that sheep- keeping was a vastly poetio and romantic business. I suppose we have all seen pictures where shepherds pipe on oaten Btrawe—I never saw them do it, except in pictures. An elegant fellow in knee breeches, striking a graceful attitude, and tootling away on a flute or something, while a few sheep repose graoefully in the foreground, and there is a hill in tbe background, and a river meandering through the scenery, and two or three neat-ankled Daphnes, and Ohloes, and Phyllises are skipping round about where this shepherd pipes on oaten straws. I never eaw it, except in a picture. I once remember, when I was a student in Scotland, I went out ten miles in tbe oountry to take oharge of a oountry station and get some experience in preaching. I did make these good people the corpus vile of some terrible experiment. I hardly know how they survived it. I remember I got to know the shepherd, and went his round with him mornings and evenings, and then discovered there is very little romanoe about sheep-keeping; it is bard, dour, toilsome, dirty business, Especially I discovered that a shepherd need be a good deal of a veterinary surgeon ; the diseases of sheep are simply endless, and their accidents, too. We never (rot them to-morrow where we left them and as we left them today. And then there is always something wrong in tho way of accident or disease. One of them has perhaps climbed up somewhere and could not get down again; or another has got through a hole in the hedge out of the grass field into the plough field, and if you gave it a month you could not get it to come back again. Have you not been there? I tell you, when the Lord calls us sheep He does not use a complimentary metaphor, and Hs did not mean to. It just takes us down as muoh as any word He could have used; it means sad things about-us ; it means that the sheep may have stray dogs worrying them and they are lying dying, or some maggot had bitten them, or some rot broken ont and they are dying before your eyes. I think of all that wiren l repeat that " The Lord is my shepherd'" and healeth my diseases and saves me fromany accidents. We are all sheep for our foolishness and tendency to go wrong and to be cut up by disease and death. Some of you decent Bisters should not see doctors' books, and I will tell you why; because you are naturally nervous, and, therefore, you should not get at them. Like a good^old woman in Scotland, who liked to keep the doctor dacoin£ attendance on her. The doctor thought one day be would eoare her; and when she asked him how she was, he said, " Oh, worse ;" and then he gave her a lot of Latin and Greek names, and he thoroughly frightened her this time, as she flung up her hands as he described what was wrong with her (there was nothing after all), and said, " Oh dear me, dootor, I am a whole infirmary!" Now you take your doctor's book to-night and turn over that black catalogue of your diseases, and remember, if you are an honest soul, the seeds of every one of these diseases are in you. Out of the heart they proceed; and remember, they would not proceed out of the heart ualess they were first in the heart. Out of tbe heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, thefts—my God ! what a damned procession ! Look at them—evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, thefts, fornications, blasphemies, false witnesses, malice, guile, envy, coretousness, evil speaking, and that more than sin, that virtually blots out God—unbelief! And then sing your psalm as you never sang it before, "He restoreth my soul." Jehovah wrote, " But I am the Lord that healeth thee." Hallelujah ! What a Saviour ! ( To be continued.) By Rev. JOHN MCNEILL. Preached in the Mesropolii an Tabuniacle, London, on February fi. 