A DARING GAME. CHAPTER SXXIS. NEVA STILL DEFIANT. The sounds of active and hostile pursuit, growing e»ery iuatunt louder as tbe purBners neared Neva's temporury halting-pluce, Btortled the young fugitive into renewed flight, she started up like a wearied bird from its nest, and fled onward through tangled ehrubberv and over outcropping boulders, tripping now and then over some loose rock, which at tho touch of her light^ feet, went tumbling down tbe steep mountain-aide with a crast thac rang in her ears frightening her to yet greater Bpeed. She pped through tbicketR or the dwarfted mountain pines and £ra, and over open and sterile patches of ground, where there were no trees nor friendly locks to screen her flying figure, and tbe drizzling Scotch mist fell around her like a duehy veil, and the Bfeies were gloomy above ler, and the air waB keen with wintry chill. And still wns bnrne to her ears, sometimes londor, sometimes fainter, the sounds of the barking of dogs and the aboute of men. These Bounds quickened jNuva's flagging steps, but Bhe could not outrun her pursuers. They were on her track, and sooner or later, unless Bhe could outwit them, or hide from them, they muBt recapture her. Her wild eyeB searched the mountain side as she hurried on. There was no hole in the locks iuto which she might creep and lie con cealed until her euemies should have passed. Tbe trees were too low and Bcraggy to offer her shelter among their few and scantily foli aged branchen. Her way was difficult and tortuous, and 'with a sudden change of pur pose, Neva turned aside from her course of skirting the mountain, and plunged down ward towards the mountain's bape. ' I shall come down npon the side nearly opposite the loch,' hhe thought. ' At any Tate, I have passed beyond tbe plateau.' In the course of ten minutes more, she struck into a rude waggon track, which Neva conjectured led from the Wilderness to Bome farm-house or hamlet npon the opposite side of the mountain. She followed the circuit ous, steep and slowly descending tract, look ing as she ran, like some wild spirit of the mist. The sounds of pursuit faded out of bearing and again she sat down to rest, her limbs giving way beneath her. Her tongue was parched and swollen, and the blond surged through her frame still with that one gigantic throbbing, and ber feet ached with an utter weariness, yet she got up presently and stag gered on, with fearing backward glances over ler shoulders, and her eyes staring widly from out the wet whiteness of ber young face. 'I can't keep on much longer, she mur mured aloud. 'I feel very strange and ill. Perhaps I shall die here, and alone. Ob, is there no helD for me ?' No answer eame to that piteous cry save the wailing of the winds among the pine boughs and the dashing of the sleet-like rain in her face. She moved more and more slowly. Her garments seemed strangely heavy to her, and ber feet grew more and more like leaden clogs weighing her down to the earth. A terrible despair seized upon her. With a wild prayer on her lips and a faintness like that of death upon her, Bhe leaned against a low tree, clinging to it to prevent herself from falling. As her head sank forward wearily upon her breast, her closing eyes caught a glimpse through the trees of an object at a little distance that lent to her for the moment an unreal strength and vigour, and sba gave a great cry of joy, &b; hope Burged back into her young fainting heart. The object was only a small cabin built of cobble-stones, a mere shepherd's hut perhaps, or, as was far more likely, it had been built long ago for the occasional use of belated Sportsmen who, during a «tay at the Wilder ness, found themselves lost up on the moun tain. It had a strong roof and a capacious chimney, but it exhibited no sign of habitation. Neva did not observe this fact and pressed onward to the door of the cabin, which Bhe' opened without preliminary knocking. There was no one in the cabin, Neva's heart sank as she made this dis covery. There was no one here to whom she could appeal for protection. She hesitated whether to go on or to remain here, hut her physical exhaustion decided the question. It Was absolutely Decessary that she should rest, and she entered the humble dwelling and closed tbe door. Tbe cabin contained but a single room with two closets attaohed and but a single win dow. This was provided with an inside shutter. There were also a stout wooden bar and iron rests for its support, and a xneanB of securing the door. Neva barred the door and shuttered the window, and then sank down in a confused heap upon the floor, listening with sharpened hearing for some Bound of nursuit. But she heard none. Evidently her diver gence from her first course had thrown her ene mies off her track. A wild joy and gratitude filled her soul. But when its first flush was over, a chill like that of death seized upon her. Her teeth chattered, and strange rheumatic pains Bhot through her frame. She shook, too, as with an ague. The room was bare of furniture, bat the great blackoned hearth, with a few half burnt sticks upon it, testified that some per Bon had lately spent the night in the cabin. The door of one of the closets was open, and Neva could see that there were faggots of Wood stored within. She arose feebly, and brought out an armful of wood, piling it on the hearth, she stirred the ashes, in the hope of finding a living coal; and finding none, went back to the closet. Here, to her great joy, see found a tin box half filled with matches hanging against the well In three minutes more she had a glorious fire on the hearth, crackling and blazing and flaming cheerily, and the girl's heart leaped up at the sight of those dancing flames. She Bank down upon the hearth, her hands held out to the genial blaze, her pale wild face looking strangely weird and lovely in the red glow, and the steam arising from her wet garments like a thick mist. A delicious sense of rest pervaded her trame, and the rheumatic pains disappeared before the pentrating heat of the great fire. But a terrible Bense of weakness remained. Her prison fare of bread and water and her lack of exercise during her dreary days of confinement at the Wilderness had told seriously upon her strength. She began to fear that she could go no further, and a great hunger began to assail her, seeming like a vulture tearing at her vitals. Impelled by a vague hope that there might be food in the dwelling, she went to the second small eloBet. It waB filled with empty shelves. In one corner an old torn basket had been carelessly thrown. Neva examined the basket, and discovered in it a small black bottle with a few drops of Highland whisky in it, but there waB no food. She drank the whisky and crouched down again upon the hearth, weary and worn, and a little later a merciful Btupor enwrapped her senseB — the stupor of a death-like sleep, such as utter exhaustion produces. It seemed to her that she had slept but a minute, but really ehe had slept for hours, when she was awakened by a loud beating npon the cubin door. She started up broad awake, and stood in an attitude of flight, her head bent toward tbe door. ' I say Bhe's in here !' she heard a voice crying loudly — a, voice which she recognized with a thrill of terror as the voice of Craven Black. ' We've scoured the mountain on this side and have not found ber. She must bave taken refnge in this unused cabin. Miss Wvnde ! MiBBNeva!' Neva waB still as death. She scarcely dared to breathe. Again Craven Black beat furiously upon the door. ' Break in the door !' he shouted. ' Here, one of you sailors, bring that log of wood yonder, and we'll Bee who has barred this door on the inside. The log of wood ! Quick !' Neva stared around her with wild, fright ened eyes. There was no cutlet from the cabin save through the door or window, and these were side by side, and both commanded by her enemies. With a terrible despair she crouched again on the hearth, her head still beat toward the door. ' We'll make a bettering-ram of the log,' said Craven Black. ' So ! Now the four of us will break the door in in a second. G-uard the door, men, while I go in. Keep out those sheep dogs. They act like wolves. Now.' There was a combined assault upon the door. It trembled and creaked, and one of the iron rests in the wall, unable to resist the pressure brought to bear upon it, gave way, bursting from its socket The wooden bar dropped to the floor, and the door was burst open so violently and so suddenly that Craven Black came flying into the room like some projectile hurled from a mortar. He gave a yell of triumph at sight of the slender, crouching figure on the hearth. 'Here she is, boys!' he cried, 'We've found ber ! Poor creature ! She is still in the delirium of the fever, as I told you. How wild she looks !' Tbe sailors stood without the door, half carelesB, half pitying. Craven Black had told them that his wife's step- daughter was ill, and had fled from tbe Wilderness in the delirinm of fever, and they saw nothing in Neva's appearance to contradict tbe state ment. I'or the young girl sprang to her feet and retreated from Craven Black, with both hands upraised, the palms turned outward, and her wild face full of horror and loathing. Her eyes were unnaturally bright, and her cheeks and lips were tinted with vivid car mine. Even Craven Black was alarmed at her appearance, and was calmed into instant gentleness. ' My poor Neva !' he cried. ' I am come to take you home — ' ' I will not go !' cried the girl, her rad brown eyeB flashing. ' I will not ! Am I utterly forsaken and abandoned to my ene mies ?' ' Tou hear her ?' exclaimed Black. 'Poor thing ! Bhe needs her step- mother's tender care and nursing. We brought her up to the Wilderness, hoping that the change would cure her propensity to these paroxysms. Come, Neva. Your step- mother is very anx ious about you, and the whole household is alarmed.' ' Let me die here,' said Neva, her sweet young voice rising to a wail. ' Ub, men, have you no pity for me ? Can you not see that Craven Black is my enemy ? Will you not protect me, and set me free ? In the name of mercy — ' ' Hear her !' said the sailor who had acted as captain of the yncht, speaking in an aud ible whisper. 'As mad as a March hare — and so young too !' Clearly there was no help to be expected from the sailors. Neva retreated to the further corner, as a helplees mouse retreats to a corner of the trap, and Craven Black followed her. There was a brief struggle, and Neva was again .a captive. 'We must take turns in carrying her home,' said Craven Black, pinioning Neva's arms to her sides. It'll be a tough job up the steep mountain path, but we can do . it.' ' It's no great task,' said one of the sea men. ' She can't weigh much. ' She's fell away since she came to Scotlund, and she can't be heoyier nor a child of ten.' Craven Black caught up the girl's light figure, and bore her from the cabin, tbe men following. He strode up the steep hill, hold ing Neva fiercely to his breast, and now and then he looked down upon her Btill white face with an expression singularly made up of love and hatred. Tes, although he had married Lady Wynde from motives of interest, and because?, as he had said to himself, a half loaf of bread was better than none at all, his old love for Neva was not dead in his guilty breast. It was a strange passion, , growing hot and cool by turns, now verging toward hatred and now reviving to its olden strength. As he gathered the girl in his arms and went up the hill with her at long, fierce strides, he said to himself that there was no crime at which he would pause, no obstacle which he would not sweep from his path, if the heiress of Hawk hurst would only promise to marry him on tbe attainment of his freedom. ' Neva !' he whispered. The young girl raised her eyes to his with such a look of loathing and detestation that his love for her changed suddenly again to hatred. He knew in that moment that the guilty scheme he had just conceived was a vain fancy, and that Neva could never be induced under any circumstances to marry ' I'm tired, captain,' he said abruptly. ' You can carry her.' The captain took the helpless burden and went on, Black keeping at his side. In this manner, taking turns in carrying tbe young captive,. the party returned to the Wilderness. The mist was still falling when they came upon the plateau, but Mrs. Black stood out upon tbe lawn, her head bear, her morning robe saturated with wet, and her face worn and haggard with anxiety. There were great dark circles under her hard black eyes, and her mouth was compressed, and there were deep lines about it that added ten years to her apparent age. What she had suffered that day from fear of exposure through her injured step- daughter,, ber face declared, but she had known less of remorse than of apprehension and terror. Behind Octavia, upon the porch, and comfortably wrapped in a waterproof clook, Btood Mrs. ArtreBS. Both had thuB been watching nearly all the day for the return of the pursuers, and it was now three o'clock of the afternoon, and the dusk was rapidly falling. ' They've come ! They've come !' cried OctaviaBlack, hysterically. ' They are alone — no; they have got the girl ! We are safe — safe !' She came running to meet her husband who was now in advance of bis men. Craven Black briefly informed his wife how and where he had found Neva, and at tbe porch he took the captive in his own arms, dismis sing the three men to the yacht. He carried Neva to her own room, whera Celeste was busy at the moment, and he unloosed the cord confining the girl's arms, setting her free. There was a wood fire blazing on the hearth. Neva, paying no heed to her ene mies, crouched down before it. i ' Leave Ber to herself,' Baid Craven Black. ' Celeste, you may remain to dress your young lady — ' ' I will dress myself,' interposed Nevo, in a low, weary voice. ' I want to be alone.' ' CeleBte had better dress Octavia,' ex claimed Mrs. ArtreBS abruptly. 'Octavia has acted like some cowardly, frightened child all day, Craven. She has stood on the lawn bare-headed, in the mist, 'until she is wet to the skin, and has a fearful cold. She is nearly ill.' ' I will have hot drinks prepared immedi ately,' said Craven Black. ' Octavia, you must take n hot bath. Celeste, bring a hot bath to Miss Wynde.' He led tbe way from the room, the others following. Celeste locked Neva's door, put ting the key in her pocket. Octavia went to her own room, coughing dismally. ' Do you hear that ?' demanded Mrs. Artress, stopping Craven Black in the hall. ' Exercise has prevented any serious barm to Miss Wynde from to-day's exposure ; but Octavia has taken a fearful cold. You'd better nurse her carefully. In your desire to get ten thousand a year more, don't throw away the four thousand you have already. Bemember, if Octavia Bhould die, you and I .would be beggars !' ' What an infernal croaker you are !' said Black, angrily. ' It isn't neceBBary to twit me with my poverty. As to Octavia, if she's foolish enough to stand out in a chilling mist out of sheer co wardice, let her cure herself. I am cold nnd hungry, and intend to take care myself ' He proceeded to do so, ministering to his own wants with assiduity. The Frenchwoman brought in a hot bath to Neva and a bowl ot steaming hot whisky punch, then hastening away to attend upon her mistresB. Neva took her bath, changed her wet garments for dry oneB, drank her punch and went to bed. A free perspiration was induced, and the fever that had threatened her subsided, her pulse beat evenly, and her brain grew cool. She went to sleep, and did not awake until late in the evening. When she opened her eyes, Mrs. Artress was standing at her bedside, feeling her pulse. ' How do you feel?' demanded the woman, her ashen eyeB surveying the girl insolently. ' I am quite well — only tired.' ' ' Only tired !' ' echoed Mrs. Artress. ' 'Only tired !' After all the trouble you've made us to-day ? Octavia is downright ill. You won't get another opportunity to repeat your proceeding of this morning, my fine young lady. Celeste is with me, and here after we two shall call upon you together. Octavia was foolish to come ^in here alone, but she did not know you so well this morn ing ob she does now. We have brought you up a hot supper, by Craven's orders, hut in the morning you go back to the breadand water diet if yon choose to remain obstinate.' Celeste was standing at the foot of the bed, and now wheeled forward a Bmall table, on which were lighted candles and a large tray of food. This done, Mrs Artress and the Frenchwoman went out together, locking the door behind them. ^ Neva sat up in bed, leaning against her pillows, and looked hungrily at the tray. There was a pot of steaming coffee, a plate of buttered hot Hemes, a dish filled with daintily broiled birds on toaet, a dish of baked fishs, and a basket filled with oranges, apples and grapes. Neva thought she had never beheld a meal so tempting in her life, and surely she bt»d never been so famished. Craven Black had feared the result of her day's ex posure on the bleak mountain to the chilling mist, upon her weakened frame, and had sent her strengthening food more from policy than pity. It was not to his interest that she should die. Neva ate her dinner, or supper, as it might more properly be termed, and concealed the remnants of fowl in her trunk. It was well she did bo, for the next morning Celeste brought to her only a meagre supply of bread and water. The remains of the wild fowls and of the whisky punch, however, were pro duced by the young girl when alone, and gave her the sustenance ehe needed. Her limbs were somewhat stiff upon the day after her adventure on the mountain, but thiB stiffness wore off gradually, leaving her as well aB ever. Her diet continued meagre in the extreme, no change being afforded her from bread and water. Mrs. Artrean and Celeste came to her once a day with food, Craven Black remain ing in tbe ante-room during their visit, as a guard against another possible attempt at 6B cape on the part of the young captive. A week passed in this manner, before Oc tavia Black came again to Neva's room. But what a change in her that week had wrought ! She had grown thin, and her features were worn to aharpnegB. A red flmh burntfitfally on her cheeks, and ber hard black eyes were strangely glittering She had lost many of the graces that had distinguished her, and looked what she was— a bold, unscrupulous, unprincipled woman. Neva could not par ticularize in what her charm of person and manner had lain, but those charms were now gone. She looked ten years older than her age and coughed like a consumptive. ' What have you to soy to-day, Neva ?' asked Octavia, in a hoarse voice. ' Nothing,' said Neva, calmly. ' You bave put us to a terrible trouble ; you have given me a horrible cold and o mgh ; and yet you sit here as obstinate as if you were^ a princess and we were your subjects. Will nothing subdue your proud spirit? Will nothing bend your haughty will ? Do you like bread and water and close confinement so well that you prefer them to marriage with a handsome yonng man who adores you ?' ' I prefer them to perjuring myself, madam,' said Neva bruvely. ' I prefer a brief im prison -nent to a lifetime of sorrow and repin i°R ' 'A brief imprisonment ?' repeated Octavia. ' It won't be so brief as you think. We aro going to remain here all winter if necessary to subdue you. We have entered on a path from which there is no turning back. The winters, I am told, are fearful in these wild Highlands. We shall soon be shut in with snows and awful winds. Your lover can never trace you here ; and if he could, he would not be able to reach the Wilderness in tbe dead of winter. We shall have a dismal winter — you especially. What do you say Neva ?' and her tone grew anxious. ' Will you yield ?' 'Never '.'said Neva, quietly. 'I am no child to be frightened by cold, and I am not so fond of the pleasures of the table as to sell tny soul for them. I will live here till I' die of old age before I will yield !' Octavia Blaek's face darkened with an awful Bhadofp. §he dreaded the terrible Highland winter ; and a strange terror, for which she could not account, held possession of her soul night and day. But, as she had said, she had entered on a path from which there was no turning back. Neva must yield, sooner or later, dbe said to herself, even if compelled to yield through physical weak ness. ' Very well, then,' said Mrs. Black, aris ing. ' We will make preparations to spend the winter here. Craven will go to Inverness in the yacht one day this week aod purchase stores for our use during the cold season. We need blankets and food of every descrip tion. If you should decide to go to Inver ness with him, as the promised bride of Bufus Black, you have only to let me know before he sails ' She went out and locked the door, giving tbe key to Celeste, who waited in the outer room. CHAPTER XL. MOBE TEOUBLE IN THE HIGHLANDS. Upon the afternoon of the same day on which occurred the interview between Octavia Black and young Neva Wynde, as detailed at the conclusion of the preceding chapter, Lally Bird, attended by Mrs. Peters, arrived at Inverness, having come up from London by easy stages. It was a week after Neva's wild flight among the mountains of 'Ross-shire, but a flbe, heavy rain, like that through which Neva' bad so fruitlessly wandered, was falling like a dusky pall. The sky was dark and frowning, the air was chill and hear/, and the streets were dismal with the rain. There was no carriage in waiting to convey the travellers to their destination, and they entered a cab and were conveyed to the Cale donian Hotel, where they passnd the night. The next morning the mist was still falling thickly, in a dreary drizzling, listless fashion as if it never intended to leave off Lally looked out of her sitting- room window into the- gloomy streets, and said : ' I fear it was a foolish idea to come to Scotland, and so far north too, at this season, And yet I wanted to come.' 'lit was the bpst thing we could do,' said Mrs. Peters. 'You were just pining to death in that great London house, Miss Lally. ' But if we had remained there I might have seen Rufus again, perhaps,' said the girl, regretfully. 'How shocked he seemed to be at beholding me ! He stared at me as at a ghost. I suppose he has long ago ceased to love me. He loves another now. And yet, Mrs. Peters, for the sake of the dear old days when I was all the world to him, he might have followed me to the carrioge— he might have traced us home.' ' I told him that you were a poor govern eis, miss,' said Peters, who had not informed her young mistress of Bufus Black's visit to Mount- Street, having conceived a cordial dis like to Lally's young husband. ' P'r'aps the young gentleman had to go back to hia heir ess that he iB engaged to marry. Surely, Miss Lally, you wouldn't take him back, and and he engaged to another lady?' Lally'B brown cheeks flashed, and a sudden light leaped to her black eyes. ' Don't ask me, Peters,' she said softly. ' He was not so much to blame as you think. His father forced him to give me up. He's only a boy, and this is his birthday. He is twenty-one to-day. How he u»ed to talk of hia birthday, quite as if he were a lord, and expected to come into a property upon this day ! He was weak and cowardly, but you could see how he had suffered, PeterB. He will marry this beautiful and grand young lady, a baronet's daughter, and he'll go to court, and his bride will worship him ; while i She paused, Bighing heavily. \ ' While yon marry some great man, and go to court also, Miss Lally,' said Peters. | The girl shook her head sorrowfully, i ' He wrote that I am not his wife,' Bhe Baid, ' but if I am not his wife, I shall never be the wife^ of anyone elsB. I thought I was truly his wife, Peters, and I loved him as such, and a woman cannot unlove where, she has loved with her whole soul. I shall consider myself in my own heart as the wife of Rufus so long as I live. His grand young bride cannot love him aB I love him— my poor wronged boy ! He would have been true to me always if his father had let him alone.' i Before Mtb. Peters could reply, there was a knock on the door, and Toppen, Lnlly'B London footman, entered, his hat in his hand ; ' The Heather Hills carriage waits, MisB Wroat,' he announced respectively. 'The horssB have been baited, and are freBh for the journey. We left the HUIb yesterday but broke down on the way, and did not get into Inverness until the evening, when we came | io this hotel and found your name registered, and that you had retired for the night. The carriage has been put in repair, and we can leave at any hour it may please ynu.' ' We will go now,' said L'llly . ' Have the luggage taken down, Toppen. We will follow. She rang for the hotel bill, and paid it The luggage w»s carried down, nnd L*lly put on her wrappings and bonnet and veil, Mrs Peters also hastily attir-d heroelf, nnd they descended to the waiting vehicle. The Heather Hilli carriage proved to be an old fashioned, cumbrou* coach, painted green, and wirh wheels heavy enough for a luggage cact. It hud u clout root, upon which the linkage was pi!--d Lally wan j assiflted into the coach, Mrs. Peters entered j after her, the windows were dra^vn up nearly to tb» top, tlio footmin mounted beside the c -achm»n, who cracked his whip, and away the equipage went, to the edification of several small boys and hotel waiters. There we-e i-lerity of lap blankets and travelling rugs, and Lally rolled herself snug ly in a corner, nnd ruboing a spot on the window gli8H, trifd tn look out into the streets as 'hey passed. Mrs. Peters^ also rolled herself n;- comfortably, amd '.van silent. The estate of Heather Hills was situated on the const, between IVrt George and Nairn — much nearer to Nairn, ir: fact, than to In vernejs — but the drive- whj pleasant in good weatbt-r, and the lute MrH. Wroat had always proceeded by oarriagejfrom Inverness, a good and sufficient rear on why her successor should do BO. ( To be continued.) 