THE SKETCHES. SUNDAY MORNING AT HOME. ■ By Hahixach. From our infancy the father we are ac quainted with has tried —with, it must he confessed, very indifferent success—to develop in the minds of his children a love for the classics. We go through some of okir exer cises on the first day of the week. Sunday morning's breakfast, like Easter,-iB regarded by the famijy as a moveable feast, and so it happens that about half-past nine a.m. only four people have begun their meal, when, by a pathetic tinkling of a teaspoon against a cup, father, from the distance of his own room, announces that he wishes to have the cup refilled. The children are hot naturally undntiful, yet,' strange to say, not one of those already assembled makes the faintest pretence of attending to the call, end the others, who have not yet finished dressing, breathe up prayers of thankfulness that they, at least, have an excuse for not going for the cup. Then there is a pause, during .which those at the table look tip from their books' and papers—for they read at • meal times—and glance-round furtively, at their neighbours. Each young person looks righteou&ly; in dignant and shocked beyond measure to think that brother'or sister should be so wanting in filial respect as to keep an aged parent waiting for euch a triile as his second cup of tea. . Once more the tinkling, which has now an impatient irritated sound, makes itself heard, and all eyes are immediately fastened on print. Literature the father has certainly made his children fond or, but of a type that they are most careful not to produce in his presence. One boy is chuckling over the jokes in his cherished Sloper, an older lad is deep in Kipling's Barrack-room, Ballad■*,! from the choicest of which, he, from time to time, is unasked giving selections. " Just ] out of sheer aggravation," his irritated sister, who is trying to get on with her " Molly ] Bawn" book, has more than once re marked. Finally, when the exasperated parent in j the distance begins to cooee, the girl rises | from her place, though, it must be admitted, very reluctantly. , "Awfully sorry you've got to go, Patty," j says the Blotter student apologetically; I " but you know it's all up with a fellow it the Pater grabs him on a Sunday morning." " Yes," puts in the elder lad, whose want of gallantry is evidently causing him h 6lignt | prick of conscience, " it's different with girls. You can always manage to get round the I Boss, and wriggle somehow out of doing what | you don't like." " Can I, indeed!" returns the girl dubiously. " I'd just like to know how many unutterably i slow leading articles I've had to read out to father on the Income Tux, Retrenchment Scheme. &c.;, during the last few months. | It's just horribly rneau of you boys to palm the matter off on me," says she, as she makes J her exit. j In a tew minutes she returns, and there is | an unmistakable ring of triumph in her; voice, though she tries to remark casually, " Dick ! Father says when you've quite \ finished your breakfast he'd like to see you J in his room, and on your way in you're to get the volume of Tennyson that has'Maud' in.and to take it with you." Hearing the boy's very audible groan, iiis sister was un charitable enough to add, ll Dad says lie hopes-you'll lend to the rhyme of the poet the beaut)- of your voice." This is tlie most unkindest cut of all. For, by reason of the semi-bass, semi-falsetto, sml wholly un musical : sounds which have of late been issuing from his vocal organs, it hns become plain to the boy's relatives that his voice has broken, or, in the language of his brothers, " gone bung." Tlie most trilling con versa- j tion, even in the domestic circle, has of late been a bitter trial to him, in spite of the uproarious approbation and encouragement with which the brothers aforementioned | have hailed his very uncontrollable utter ance. The bare idea of reading poetry aloud is, under the circumstances, appalling, though j poetry in any form the unhappy boy, like the J majority of healthy-minded youths of iiiteen, j openly despises, and that of a love-sick strain he never has the slightest hesitation [ in pronouncing "Ghustly rot." The father, being perfectly aware, of the sternly practical temperaments that his sons possess, and acting on the same principle which urges him to choose Parliamentary reports for his daughters to read aloud, invariably selects verse of the most sentimental kind when he sets his boys to the like exercise. Wild thoughts of secreting his father's copy ol "Maud" flash through the mind of the victim; but, remembering that on a former occasion when he had done so three others were forthcoming, and that, at another time when the sin was brought home to him, he | had to read the entire Book of Job as a penance, he refrains. He realises that the only way of putting off the evil hour is by beginning a fresh breakfast. Whilst lingering over his fourth cup of coffee he looks miserable and begins to de plore his fate. "Ifit-wereonly a leading article I would] not miud it. For when I've got to tackle one | 1 generally send the Pater asleep in no time, and then I can skip half a dozen lines right ] off; and he's never a bit the wiser. But a ] fellow hasn't the ghost of a chance of doing that with such sickly stuff as " Maud," that I father knows by heart and can correct even | in his dreams." " My dear fellow," nuts in his elder brother | patronisingly, "if you think 'Maud's' such bosh (which, by the way, I don't deny! you evidently don't know much about Browning, Perhaps if you'd wrestled with 'James Lees Wife' for a solid hour and a half as I did last Sunday, you'll know soon enough which takes the cake in that line." " Father," the victim pleaded, on reaching | the bedroom, "it's such beastly bosh. Couldn't I read anything else ?" " Well, my boy 1" replied his father. " If a I a mere human Jove story disgusts your] classically severe taste, you may turn to ' In Memoriain,' whioh is considered to treat in a perfect manner the most spiritual form of the passion." "Most spiritual form of rot!" is the lad's half-audible reply. He has scarcely been reading five minutes when he discovers that his audience con-j sists not merely of father, but of brothers and ] Bisters as well, \ybo, grouped around the half-open door, are delighted yet silent spec tators of his misery. - This frefeh indignity is too much to overlook, and so he " gives them away," by making his parent aware of their presence.' -The eavesdroppers wrrowfully think of their unfinished breakfasts -as1 they areordered in stern tones to come in. Seven ] dejected beings enter. / \Chairfare oordNdi? incited to seat tnem-. selyrs, and, knowing the useleBsness of re fSJihkrthey mfceW «b so. It is in vain that I 1 they declare that thby mtrejaat' on the-poiut of dressing forchurch.and.that: they will be lateif they: donothurry. Church-going is not a strong point with this family, and the knowine.pacent aaysf . " Well; piy claldngni yon may or yoa may not have meditated going to chnrch, and-the latter is, I should'imagine, more likely; but at all events I'm quite.convinced that - you'll derive infinitely more good from listening to your.brother reading than from hearing twenty sermons." Girls, as every one- knows, are in minor points without conscience ; and so, seeing that their chbrch excuse has been unsuccess ful, they begin to discourse so eloquently on the domestic duties they are leaving undone, that their father, solely with the idea of foetering a housewifely spirit; allows them, to tne disgust of the boys, to depart. The first half hour passed in the bedroom is a very lively one,- most of the time being taken up with irrelevant comments by the boys on the text ; and whilst father- is trying to restore order the original victim .turns to hiB .SVoper, and re freshes himself with stolen glances. But, as time wears on, the spirits of the captives be gin-to Hag, their rude criticisms become fewer and fewer, and in an hour's time, when an angel of deliverance, in the shape of mother, appears, all four are reduced to ab ject Wretchedness. Mother holds old-fashioned ideas respect ing the 8acredness ot the Sabbath, but they are forgotten iu the feeling which urges her to say—" Henry,. dear, I dp wish you'd use your authority, with those boys and order them to tidy up the place a little. 1 declare I'd be ashamed tor anyone to come near the house and see the garden as it is." "Of.course, my. darling,", is his answer. " The young cubs will do anything you wish to .have done, this afternoon." The expression of deep melancholy, altogether foreign to her boys countenances, encourages their mother to continue, "But Henry, the lawn and paths muni he seen to at once. The Smiths are coming to dine, you know, and we couldn't for our very credit's sake let them see the place as it is." " Well, boys, as I see your mother is de termined to . put a stop to our happy meet ing, you may go; ami of course 1 know there's no need to impress on you all to coma back before dinner and hear the conclusion of ' Maud'If you have time. 