WAS IT A GHOST THEV SAW? SIbs. H. H. Jenttis-gs lives at No. 21 1, Main Street. Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two tvomen locked all the doors and went to the Theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas bur ning, however, in the front parlor. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as the v WAtlf; Intrv fho rvarlrtT +V»e» out of them in a second, flight in fhn mid dle of the room stood » dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was con cealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt -sleeves were rolled np, and in one hand he carried a long old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screams ing from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and window securely locked. What was it the women saw? ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, ' I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock I was suddenly aronsed from a doze by what 8£cricB& tlbG CQjUififf of JJJy 7l&71l£ ' and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked fire years before as she was leaving home to go on a Journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and 1 would never get well. Yet . I di i, am in per fect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and ifs more than three years a^o now.1' No doubt it was the nerves Why there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is our of coneition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote as follows;—' X wqjs so (I Tfufl- fvlly nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me yet I did not wish them far away in case Ishonld call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in. the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I hai to lie helpless in bed. The doctor saic he didn't know -*hat my complaint was. I took nothing ? but liqtud food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. Memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked me what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As sheseemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the weok I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness ^ag lie malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestionanddyspepsiaand nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent, death of her husband, by accident; and the syBtem rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the diges tion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may he your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts oome from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigels Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 