THE YOUNG- FOLKS. A TORPEDO THAT WAS LOST. AN OLD SAILOR'S YARN. [By W. J. Henderson.] It was a clear and beautiful moonligttt; night. It was also a cold night. There was very little wind to speak of, but there was a biting crisp ness in the atmosphere, so that any one who was out for a walk felt like keeping up a pretty lively gait. Henry Hovey and his little brother had been studying their lessons, for school days had come again, and they were not idle boys. When they had finished, a few minutes after 8 o'clock, Henry looked out of the window, and exclaimed, " I tell you, mother, this is a fine night 1" . Mrs. Hovey looked out, and agreed with her son. "Yes," added George, "and how dancy the stars are." _ • "T feel dancy myself this sort of weather," said Henry. "Mother, mayn't we go out and run as far as the beach and back? It isn't bedtime yet." "Yes," Baid Mrs. Hovey, "I think a breath of fresh air will make you sleep better." , "Hurrah!" cried George, snatching up his oap. The next minnte the two boys were bounding over the rough road towards the sea. It was only a short distance, and according to their custom they made straight for the old pier. They.did not dream of finding the old sailor there, but he was there. He was not sitting down, he was standing on the end of the pier gazing out to sea. He heard the boys' foot steps and turned his head. "Waal, waal, waal!" he exclaimed. "I wouldn't never 'a' thort o' seein' you out here at night." " And we didn't expect to see you," replied Henry. " I s'pose ye jess couldn't stay in no house w'en it were sich a werry fine night out-o' doors?" "That's it. Mother said a breath o'fresh air would do us good." "Mother said so, eh? That, there mother o' yours Say, are she made any dough nubs to-day?" " IS o; but there are some left from yester day." " Werry good, too ;werry, werry good. An' do you s'pose there might be any tea leaves in the pot ?" "Maybe." "An' some hot water in the kettle?" "Sure to be." " AIbo werry good. I were a-thinkin'that p'rhapB you would sleep a little extry better ef you heard about what this 'ere moonlight night reminded me of." " Oh, I'm sure we would," oried Henry. " But this 'ere pier are not no bed o' down on sioh a night, an' ef I were to keep you here a-tellin' o' a yarn I expect your mother wouldn' like it. Moreover, also, an' furthermore, you might gib a sore throat." " Then walk up to the house with us." " That are about wot I were a-proposin' to do." "And I'm sure mother will give yon a doughnut and a cup of hot tea." " W'ich the same would be werry agreeable l thiB 'ere cool evenin5, an' I think might werry likely make the yarn a leetle longer." So the three friends started for the house. On arriving there Henry explained the state of affairs to his mother, and the cap of tea and the doughnut were soon produced. "Now," said Henry, "what were you . thinking about when we found you ?" "W'ich the same I are about to relate to you in a plain an' simple tale o' the sea. It were a werry large an' old fashioned ship wot I seed out there wot sot me a-thinkin' about a experience wot I had oncet on to a man-o' war in furrin waters." The old sailor swal .lowed the last mouthful of tea and then said— Thankee, marm. The principal pussonage in this 'ere yarn wot I are a-goin' fer to tell yon were a torpedo." "A torpedo?" "Yes. Nob the kind wot boys throw at seafarin' gen'lemen on the Fourth o' July, but the kind that is oooupied aboard o* warships." '' What kind is that ?" ' A torpedo are a kind o' a invention wob are made onb o' copper an' other metal in the shape o' a cigar. It are loaded with guncobton or dynamite or some sich stuff to make it go off, an' it has machinery in it to turn a pro peller wot makes it go jess like a boat. An' bhere'B a wire to it w'ich the same you keep the end of aboard the ship, an' by electricity yon steer the aforesaid, an' make it do 'most anythin', 'ceptin' to talk, w'ich it warn't never intended to do but oncet—an' then, good-by. • The puppose of a torpedo is to blow up a enemy's wessel. You launoh the torpedo overboard, havin' started the machinery, an' away she goes at a 20 knob gait, yon a-steerin' of her by the eleotrio wire. W'en she hits the other ship fog explodes her by electricity, an' the other ship goes to Davy Jones's looker in sections. Are that plain to your mind 2" "Oh yes," said the boys. "Now," added Henry, "tell us about your torpedo." "Waal," said the old sailor, "it were in the Itusso-Turkish War. I were knockin' around Europe without no berth w'en it bruk out, an' so I says to myself, says I, here's goin' to be a shindy with chances for prize-money, an' I hurried off an' 'listed. I were not a green hand exactly, 'cause I'd sarved three years on the Minnesota an' one year on the Hartford durin' a diffikilby w'ich ariz betwixt the North'n and the South'n part3 of the United States, in w'ich the same we live. Howsumever, I didn't speak any Koosian; but they put me on the cruiBer Slcip offvibch, w'ere an ossifer wot talked English had oharge o' the powder diwision; an' findin' I were an old American man-o'-war's man, he took me into his gang an' put me to work. Before the war got fairly started I knowed all the commands in Koosian; an' w'en a ossifer swalleyed his front teeth, ohoked, coughed, an' said, 'Ouftik gouvitehsky vod,' I knowed putty well that he meant, ' CaBt loose and purwide,' w'ich is the order to git everythin' ready fer to load up and shoot._ " The business o' this 'ere cruiser Skipoff-1 vitch were pecul'ar an' aggrawatin'. I s'pose I you know that there are a passage o' water connectin' the Black Sea with the Mediterra-1 nean, an' that the Black Sea are chiefly, inha bited by Roosians. Leastways, you ought to know it, an' if you don't, what fer do you study geoggerfy, w'ich the same I s'pose you have at school." "Ob, yes," said Henry; "and the strait you mean is the Bosporus." "W'ich the same it isn't," said the old sailor. " The strait wot I'm alludin' to are the Dardanelles, not the Bosporus. The Skipoff vitch were engaged in hangin' around, dodgin' in an'oub among theislands o' the Greek Archi pelager for the purpose o' prewentin' any Turkish man-o'-war from Constantinople from gittin' out an' away into the Mediterranean. There was plenty o' Koosian ships in the Black Sea to head 'em off if they tried to run up to Odessa or sich ports, an' we wanted to keep 'em shut up m the Sea o' Mar mora, w'ere they couldn't do no harm bo nothin' 'ceptin' their own perwisions. Waal, to prewent this 'ere story from growing as long as our cruise I'll jess skip over a month or so' an' come down to the partikler occasion w'en that torpedo gob lost. Eusb and foremost lemme ask you whether you ever saw a dry gale o' wind 2" "You mean a gale when it doesn't rain and the sun often comes oub from behind the clouds2" said Henry. "Oh, yes, I've seen that kind of a gale right here on this coast often." " Werry good, too," said the old sailor, gazing out into the bright moonlight at the ships in the the harbor, and laughing heartily, but without a sound. "Only in this'ere gale wot I'm a tellin' of the moon were more notable than the sun, 'cause what this story are about hap pened at night. It had been a-blowin'a howl in' dry gale fer two days, an' the cap'n allowed that it would be better fer us to go an' lie up under the lee o' a werry small an' low island jess outside o' the entrance to the Dardanelles, w'ere a lookout at the topmast head could see any wessel wot might try to come out, while our ship could be ridin' werry snug to her anchors. Bless you, how it war blowin'! The clouds were sizzlin' across the sky like great buckets full o' spray, an' every oncet in a while the moon would come shoobin' out from behind one o' 'em like a white-hot cannon-ball. The sea was roarin' like ten thousand mad bulls, an' the combers were breakin' on every wave. To make things all the more interestin', the sea war alive with phosphorescence, an' every comber that broke looked as if she was on fire. It were nigh on to the most grandest night wot I ever seed at sea. Every time a sea hit our cruiser under the bow the spray'd fly up around the oatheads like flames, an' I'm blamed ef ib didn't make even me feel creepy like sometimes. 'Cause w'y 2 It didn't look real, ib didn't, but more like a sort o' a burnin' ghost o' a sea. Leastways, that's wob I says to myself standin' right there on the starboard side o' the forec's'le deck of the Koosian cruiser Skipoffvitch. " Waal, we was a-gittin' well up under the lee o' the aforesaid island w'en the look-out lob us know that he seed a sail, w'ich the same looked like a man-o'-war. One o' the ossifers went aloft an' took a look, an' then he came down in a great deal o' a hurry, an' after that there was a great lob o' whisperin' among the ossifers on the quarter-deck. Putty soon some orders was gave, an' I made oub that the weBBel comin' out war steerin' such a course that Bhe'd pass close around the Bouth end o' the island, an' not more'n 700 yards from where we were a-proposin' to anchor. The capn's idee were that she wouldn't see us in*behind the island, an' Bhe'd be right on top o' us afore she knowed any thin', an' we'd just blow her into flinders with a torpedo. I didn'b think it were much o' a night fer torpedo pracbioe, but as I weren't an 03sifer, bub a seaman, I were nob supposed to think. There warn't no question aboub her bein' a Turk, 'cause none o' our ships from the Blaok Sea could 'a' got through the Bosporus noway at all. " The torpedo were got ready an' I stood by with the rest o' the launchin' crew. We waited an' waited, an' putty soon, arter we'd waited aboub an hour, the ship hove in sight off the point. She were a great high-sided, old-fashioned hooker, an' she were a sort o' a greenish-white, like moonlight, or a iceberg at night, from water-line to truck. I tell you, boys, that there wessel gave me the shivers the werry minnit I see her. An', bless you! although it war blowin'a gale, that oraft had every stitch o' canvas set; yet she were a creepin' _ along like she war tired. The tor pedo ossifer he didn't seem to notice nothin', but give the order, an' the torpedo were | launched. "We could Bee in rushin'thro' the seas jess as plain as if ib were day, on account o' the phosphorescence an' the moonlighb, an' I says to myself, says I, that the other ship would see ib too, an' would let loose on it with her rapid-fire guns, ef she had any. But blow me for a porpoise ef she paid any attention at all to it. ' They're all asleep,' says our cap'n, laughin,' 'an' in a seoond they'll all be_ in eternity.' Our torpedo ossifer were fairly danoin', he were so excited. The torpedo were steerin' beautiful, an' war goin' as straight fer the ship as a bullet at a target on shore. The wire |were runnin' out at a 16-knot gait, an' the electric sharp stood by to press the key w'en he gob the order. In a few short seconds we saw the torpedo right under the strange weasel's side. "' Ouamphkth!' screeched the torpedo | ossifer. "The electric feller pushed down the key, an' we all held_ our breaths, a-lookin' at the | straDger an' waitin' fer the explosion. "Pet! Thab there wessel went oub." " Did what 2" exclaimed the boys. "Went out—jess like ga3 wot's turned off. There warn't no explosion at all; not a sound; j but the ice-bergy-lookin' ship warn't there. That's all." " But the torpedo 2" "Thab weren't there, either. The wire fell slack an' stopped runnin' oub, an' w'en we hauled it all in the end were jess burnt off, an' smelled like all the brimstone in creation'd got on to ib. We had to chuck it overboard, or else the hull crew'd been suffercated." " And what became of the white ship 2" " My young friend, there is some questions | wob can't be answered." "But what was she2" "It ain't fer me to say wob she were," said the old Bailor, very gravely, " bub it's ullus been my solemn conwiction that them there Roosians tried to torpedo the Elyin' Dutch man, w'ich the same you can't." Harper's Young People. 