JOHNNY CAKES. Haveklt: 'I think that Chapleigh is more knave than fool.' Austen: 'Impossible!' He: 'Give me a kisp, won't you T' She (hesitatingly) : 'Well— I will, if you won't give it away,' She: 'Don't you think his manners are very easy?' He: 'Very, very. ? Admirably adapted for beginners.' ' Pbettv hard times,' said one mosquito. ' Yes,' replied the other. I don't know when we have presented our bills so often with so few collections.' ' Does this new photograph of mine do me Justice, love?' said Miss Giddy to her dearest friend. 'It does more,' replied Miss Flypp. '* It's really merciful to you.' ? P Editor of Brisbane Daily: 'I want a good strong editorial on the political situation for to-morrow. I think you can write it.' New Man (promptly): 'Yes, sir. Which -side?' Chinese artilleryman: 'The Japanese vessels are approaching!' Mandarin: 'Fire one-shot^ '-' AtfaHetyaian^ ' They are-teo far yet; the shot would only reach half-way!' Mandarin : ' Then fire two shots ! ' Few people have any idea, says a London weakly, of the buuruious tutus of money which nan ha FHrpundari in the conduct of a large daily newspaper. The gross weekly expenditure of the funetwsnd fc- average £8,000; that of the Jff*f.M«MM«k3t £H! ImA* uriii let a. rwwnrw.rA.fi'walv «rmali halfpenny evening paper pays away some £2,000 every six working days. Mask Twain tolls how, when travelling as a sntall boy on a steamer, he woke from a nigh ttnare, and tore almost in a stiate of nature, and with briatlincr hair, into the ladies' saloon screaming ' Fire ! jump and run ! The ship's on fire ! ' But a dear motherly old soul jost looked up from her knitting, and remarked, ~' Very well ; gn and put a collar on, and tfaen nome and tell us about it !' ' Amongst modern songs the following prices have been reported from time to time as being given for their copyright: ' Tarara boom- de ay,' £1,170 ; Miss Collius realised £600 a year when singing it ; ' Dream Faces,' £720 ; 'Their All Love Jack.' £640: 'Two Lovely Black'Eyec,' £570; 'The Bogie Man,' £530 ; 'Porter, Porter, etc., £480; 'Nancy Lee,' £660; 'Grandfather's Clock,' £410. Each song composed by Signor Paolo Tosbi, the composer of ' For Ever and For Ever,' is said to be now worth to him about £400. TooEk, tbe~actor, entered* London dairyr and in his most solemn manner addressed him self to ^ie^man ^8-foUows:^~'I_will_*akfi i: boy,' looking round at the shelves. 'A boy, sir?' asked the dairyman, fairly puzzled. ' Yes, or a girl,' answered the actor. 'The man, thinking him some lunatic said, ' Pardon me, this is a milk shop.' 'Come outside,' said Mr* Toole, and taking the man by the arm, he led him to the door and pointed to the sign. ' I'll take a boy and a girl,' repeated the humdrist, with not a ghost of a smile. 'Read what your notice states, 'Families supplied in any quantity. ' ' TOe following is a verbatim uupy of ft' letter from a chief magistrate of a certain Queensland municipal council :— Dear Sur, — On Mondav next I am to be made a Mare, and shall be much obliged to you if so be as you wil send me down by the coatch some provisions fitting for the occasion, and I am to ax my brother, the old Mare, and the rest of tha Bentch.— I am, sur, &c; The above was answered by a wag, into whose hands it fell, as -follows-!— Sir,— In -obedience tn your orders^J have rent per coach two bushels of the best oats: and as you are to treat the old marc, have added some bran to make a mash. Clebic of the Day : ' Hallo, there, friend. ' Man of World : ' What do you say? I can not Bee you for this dust o1 money. Its regular blinding.' Cleric: 'What about your soul?' Maiu-lWorld: 'Can't hear. The din of this machinery wT»ich~lJve got filling my bards makes too much clatter.' Cleric: 'What about the church?' Man of World : ' Church ! Oh, yes ! Here's a few shillings for you to go on with. Put me down for chairman at next meeting, and remind me to give you a cheque.' Cleric (moving on and speaking to himself): 'Grand fellow, that. Awfully busy though. The church would fall without men like him.' Man of World (looking after cleric): 'First- class institution the church. The bulwark and Bafeguaraof^usiness.'LClencofpay: 'Hallo, there, friend. What about your soul?' Work man : ' I'm very busy this morning. This moil and toil is awfully worrying. Takes me ail my time toklook after my body and feed the wife and kidofes.' Cleric: ' But what about vonr relieion. dfen ? ' Workman : ' Cannot make it out wShr's is so hard to understand .when measured by the old book.' Cleric: 'Won't you help mpport church? Your master does.' Workman: 'Well, one good turn deserves another with him, you know. Anyhow, a good deal of what he gives is mine.' C'eric (in low tones)—' B»d case. Depraved.' Workman (ditto) : ' Religion, indeed. Why, hi. master was always preaching against the 