GRAVE AND GAY, The man who is soared at ghosts is afraid of nething. Teacher-" What is the passive mood of the verb "to work ?" Johunj-" To loaf." It is odd but true that one can best judge of a woman's character when she is walking. Dootor-" You sough more eemily this mmrning P" Patient--" I ought to I practised all night." When the boss of Russia orders a thing to be dons the slave says, "Tea, sear," and goes and does it. In the case of a telegraphers' strike it is just a little doubtful who would hold the key to the situation. Can anybody give a good reason why nloaks should not strike when they are required to work over time? Johnny-" Pa, did you know ma before you were married P" Pa (with a sigh) "Ithought I did, Johnny." "Is Jenks in tae swim nowadays ?" "Gueses he must be. His best girl has just thrown him overboard." "Yon think my boy is bound to make his mark ?" reacher-" I am afraid so. It seems impossible for him to learn to write." He-" And what wonuld you do if I kissed you P" She (with dignity)-" I'd call mamma." (After a pause). "Bat mam ma's out this evening." IEthel-" Do you allow Charles to kiss you when you are not yet engaged to him?" Mand-" It isn't an allowance. He calls it a perquisite." Mistress-" I wish I knew how to have my photograph taken so as to please dear Charley." Familiar maid-" Let me sit for you, Miss Emma." Man wants but little here below And gets it if he ean; But woman asks for even leass She only wants the man. "There is mo earthly excuse for a tailor who turns out poor work if-" "If what ?" "-he takes the right measures to have his garments it." "I consider your set much beneath me," said the weathercook fowl to one in the barnyard. "You're a vane thing," was the quick retort. " Say, pa," said Freddy, "why is It that when you or Incle George tell a story you always get laughed at,Jand when I tell one I get a lickin' F" Wife (angrily)-" Yes, before you mar ried me, you confessed you loved me." Husband-" Yes; and I had nothin taken off mysentenee for doing so, either. " Look here, old chappie, just introduoe me to your pretty cousin." "All right, I'll do so; but mark, if ever you marry her, don't lay the blame on me." She was a very little girl, Yet strong men fld in fright, Because, you see, that little girl, Was going to recite. "When Mr Higgins asked yon to marry him did you tell him that he must ask your mother F" I did, but he said she'd refused him l'ng before he ever thought of asking me." 