THE POLITICAL CONDITION. With the old year passing away from us under conditions strongly suggestive of the necessity, in Parliament as well as out of it, for giving thought to practical measures for bringing about a more satisfactory state of affairs than that by which we are at present materially environed, there is some thing remarkable in the fact that poli ticians are readier even than usual to turn from the direction in which all are looking, and make efforts in other directions, with little encouragement from popular sympathy. The debates upon the Land and Income Tax Bill and the Absentee Land Tax Bill have been followed with close interest and keen attention, and there has been an impression that if before the session closes these and a third measure which completes the new scheme of direct ta&ition; should become law, Ministers will have accomplished a very memor able feat of financial legislation, which will add point and force to the re trenchment previously effected, and emphasise the half-dozen Bills of special retrenchment which have yet to be disposed of. Hereafter we shall come to look upon the second session of the sixteenth Parliament of Victoria as essentially a session of finance, but if Ministerial intentions are carried out, not by any means as exclusively a session of finance ; and it is, © repeco, a remarkable as well as an encouraging symptom of the tone of political opinion that there is a disposition not to rest satisfied with that putting of the house financially in order which must perforce be done, but to make such alterations in the structure itself as will ensure stability and remove the hindrances which have hitherto oper ated to prevent the complete carrying out of the purposes for which it was designed. For example, after pro posals to that end which have extended well-nigh over a quarter of a century, the Assembly has taken definite action — — -towards following the example of the . House of OoiHinons, and instituting a Committee of Public Accounts, the purpose of which will be to bring the entire revenue and expenditure of the country practically, as well as theo retically, under the immediate control of the popularly representative branch of the Legislature ; to prevent abuses in the management of the public finances, and to suggest remedies for such defects as are found to already exist. Very nearly twenty-five years ago a Select Committee of the As sembly, having amongst its members . / such men as Mr Higinbotiiam, Mr Fellowes, Mr Francis, Mr Langton, and others of scarcely lesser note, recommended the adoption of this course ; and the recent revival of the proposal by the Minister of Lands seemed almost like an extract from the pages of ancient history. We are justified in hoping, however, that this time the proposal will develop into reality, and that the Select Committee on Standing Orders to which the matter has been referred will formulate a scheme which will be satisfactory in itself, and which will meet with the acceptance of the House. We do not say that the existence of such a system would necessarily prevent the recur rence of deficits and their consequent embarrassments, but it would greatly reduce the danger of which we have latterly had such disagreeable ex periences, and responsibility would be more directly fastened upon the House than it is at present. Seven or eight years ago, when Mr Langton was on a visit to the old country, he was com missioned by the then Premier, Mr Gillies, to make enquiries into the English system; and he concluded a report which he transmitted as the result of his enquiries by remark ing that he was more than ever im pressed with the great value of the Committee of Public Accounts ; and that, withoub such a Com mittee it seemed to him impossible for Parliament to exercise proper con trol over the finances of the country. We shall have reason for satisfaction if the action which has just now been taken at the instance of the Govern ment should give effect to the old re commendation and prevent the dangers as to some of which we have had ex perience. There are other matters of constitutional importance with which members are to have an opportunity of dealing before the session terminates. Again and again we have, made re ference to the absurdity of the rule which requires that all legislation re maining incomplete at the close of a session should be regarded as though it had never been initiated. This was another of the matters dealt with by the Royal Commission of which the present Minister of Lands was chair man. In their report they reminded us that an important measure, very necessary to the public interest, may in this manner occupy the time of Par liament in more than one session with out being any nearer the passing into law ; and they reminded us further that steps have recently been taken in two of the colonies — New South Wales and South Australia — by which this ab surdly inconvenient system has been altered. The Commission advised that the difficulty should be met by the adoption of joint standing orders by the two Houses. The Ministry have, however, decided to deal with the mat ter by an Ac6 f Parliament, and the Lapsed Bills, Continuance Bill, is one of those on the business paper, for the second reading, when the Assembly meets again in ten days time. The South , Australian measure provides that the restoration of a Bill, the pro gress of which has been intercepted by prorogation, shall be effected by the carrying of a motion, and that every such motion shall be put to the vote without debate— a simple expedient, entirely consonant with common sense, and not by any means calculated to afford undue encouragement to those who introduce measures which are never seriously considered except by their authors, and which are con veniently shelved by a prorogation. Then there is the Referendum Bill again awaiting its second reading; as to which the most noticeable feature is . that although- the Premier,, the At torney- General, and the Minister of Lands and Customs were members of the Royal Commission which reported emphatically in favor of the new ex pedient, and advised that it provided a simple and effective method of ob taining an accurate expression of the popular will on any question, it should have been left to a private representa tive, who was not even a member of the Commission to introduce the mea sure. We have particularised these few questions as being of more than ordinary importance especially in their bearing and influence upon our future. There are, however, many others of scarcely lesser ' moment, so far as the immediate interests of the public are concerned ; and if they should become law their effect will be felt quite as greatly as will that of either of the Taxation Bills which are for the pre sent engrossing public attention. Amongst them may be instanced the effort made - by the Attorney-General to bring the law as it affects landlord and tenant more into accord with the tone of public sentiment than it is at present. The Bill has been primarily dealt with by both Chambers ; but in the Council amendments have been made which will have the effect of con siderably modifying its intended scope and rendering it far less liberal than its author designed. These amendments have to be considered by the Assembly ; and there are a dozen other questions, not one of which is trivial that have not been advanced beyond the preliminary stage. We have said that as regards the majority of these neither Ministers nor members are recovering anything in the shape of stimulus or encourage ment from manifestations of public sympathy. But, if this is so, it cer tainly cannot be said that it is because the importance and value of the pro posed reforms are under-estimated by those who have cared to consider them. The contrary of this is so. It is probable that at the corresponding stage of no previous session of the Vic torian Parliament has there been such" a. full army of really important mea sures submitted for consideration. As regards some of them, attention is being directed from far beyond the limits of our own colony, because they will involve new departures in matters of principle as to the effect of which there can be nothing like certainty until after trial ; though as regards all of them it may be said that the re forms which they embody will as suredly be beneficial. The truth is that amongst ourselves the chief mea sures which are now before Parliament are of such a nature aa to engross the attention of the great majority to such an extent as to leave .little room for thought as to others ; and that this feeling is' heightened by a shadowy uncertainty as to the attitude which may be assumed by the Upper House. If there is a large majority who de cline to believe that that attitude will be other than one of reluctant acquies cence, there are not a few whose wish is father to the thought that an embroglio will be provoked by rejection. It may not be amiss to remind these that the realisation of their wish will be at tended with very far reaching conse quences, not the least of which will be the indefinite delay of a number of valuable reforms, which are altogether outside the region of taxation and finance. This delay will be part of the price we shall have to pay if the contingency hinted at should be re alised. Unfortunately, it will be only a part, and not the greater part. Holidays. — Readers will note that the business houses of the town will be kept open till 10 p.m. on Monday night next, and closed on Tuesday. The banks wilt be closed also on Tuesday. On Tuesday, 1st January, all post offices will be closed at 10 a.m., and there will be only the first delivery of letters. The Telegraph offices will be open from 8-30 a.m. to 10 a.m. and from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. Our Holidays' Issue. — Tn order that the members of our staff may have an opportunity of participating in the holiday enjoyments of New Year's Day, there will be no publication of "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser" on Thursday, January 3rd. We shall publish on Tuesday, New Year's Day, but stop the succeeding Thursday's issue. Beechworth Grammar School. — We have been desired to make a correction in our report of the annual distribution of prizes at the Beechworth Grammar School. The prize for " Improvement in Latin" was stated to have been awarded to Clias. Cleary. We are informed that the prize should have been reported as having been awarded to James Kerr, of Hurdle Flat. Wangaratta Market. — Messrs Doig and Yallonder report : — The supply of stock at the market on Thursday last was very limited, owing to following close upon the holidays, several clients being under the impression that no sale would bo held. The market showed a decided improvement in prices as compared with the previous one, the demand with us being active for all classes of. stock. We sold clean out of everything yarded at the following rates : — Fat Cattle. — Very few yarded ; nothing really prime or heavy forward. Medium bullocks made £4 13s ; light-weights, £3 153 to £4 2s ; cows, £3 Gs to £4 7s. Store cattle were in demand and bidding spirited. We sold 3-year-old steers to £3 ; yearlings, £1 0s 6d to £1 5s Gd. Pigs. — Our yarding comprised only 50 head, which we sold rapidly at prices far in advance of last market. Light-weight porkers, to 15s ; slips, to 8s Gd; suckers, 6s Gd. Sheep.— A small pen of store wethers constituted the sup ply. Oheapside House Sale.— Mr J. Arm strong, of Cheapside House, Ford street, announces by advertisement that in con sequence of the large number of customers who have visited his establish ment since the commencement of his clearing sale, he has determined to con tinue the same for another month. During this period everything will be dis posed of at sale prices, quite irrespective of cost, and as the stock in each depart ment is still very large buyers will have full opportunity, to secure bargains. Wangaratta Market. — Messrs Phil- lipson, Newman and Co report having held their usual fortnightly market when they yarded a poor supply of all classes of stock to a small attendance of buyers. Fat cattle sold at prices in advance of last quotations. — Best fat bullocks sold to £4 15s ; others, from £3 15s to £4 10s ; fat cows to £4, vealers to 30s. Very few store cattle yarded. We sold several lots at prices in advance of last quotations. Very few sheep and pigs were yarded, the whole of which were disposed of at good prices. We also sold 40 acres of land known as Bryant's at Greta, and a line of 29 pigs on account of Messrs Swan and Sons. Mr Briggs residence in Ovens- street was sold to Mr Trembath. Victorian Frozen Turkey. — Twenty- four shillings for a Victorian frozen tur key in London ! This was what was paid within the past few days, according to a cablegram published. The price actually quoted is 16d per lb, and the Secretary of Agriculture says that the birds averaged 181b each. He attributes the success of the shipment to Expert Hart's excellent grading and packing. The English Cricketers. — Mr A E. Stoddarts team of English cricketers reached Melbourne by the Sydney Ex press on Thursday at noon, their;. arrival at Spencer street attracting a large crowd. Curiously enough, however, there were no Victorian cricketers to be seen on the latf orm. Beechworth Police Court.— At this court yesterday (Friday) before Mr J. Rowan, P.M., the only case brought for ward was that of Hugh Stalker, who was charged with passing valueless cheques on Messrs C. F. Falck, E. Tanswell and other tradespeople in Beechworth. The accused was remanded until Friday, 4tb Jauuary, 1895. Beware of Snakes.— These members of the ophidian tribe appear to be more than usually active and obtrusive this season, and persons employed in the bush cannot be too careful in guarding against their attacks.; Yesterday a large speci men of these venomous reptiles was killed by Mr T. Phelan, at Sheepstation Creek. The reptile measured 6ft 9in in extreme length aud was exhibited outside Maher's Hibernian Hotel, ,- where its proportions attracted much attention and comment. Visitors to the town will have an oppor tunity of inspecting it at the Beechworth Public Library, the curator, Mr Ballard, having kindly offered to prepare the skin. Racing Accidents. — At- Mary Vale races on Wednesday the winner of the principal handicap fell after passiti© the post, and its jockey, J. Drew; had his' right shoulder dislocated and three ribs and his right' arm broken. At Binda races, - Romance, who ran' second in' the Maiden Plate, ran against a tree after passing the post. Her jockey, Humphries, sustained concussion of the brain' and had two ribs broken. One of the broken ribs has pierced the lung, and Humphries is in a critical condition. A. jockey, named Wool was killed at Gundwimha races, through the horse he was riding falling on him. A jockey, Wm. Stewart, sustained concussion of the brain and other serious injuries by being thrown in the Opening Handicap at the Narrabri West races. He is not expected to recover. At the race meeting of the Wallsend Jockey Club on Thursday George Cooper, who was riding Elton in the final race, struck his head against the six furlongs post. His skull was fractured, and he received other injuries, from which lie died the same night. Musioal Ability.— Mr Lack cf Beech worth, is again to be congratulated on the remarkable musical ability displayed by his children. We learn that at a reunion of musical artistes recently- Wd at -ttie— Austral Salon, Miss Hilda Lack was entrusted with the execution of a Polonaise by Chopin on the piano, and acquitted herself in such a manner as to secure the unqualified approbation of the highly exacting and thoroughly compe tent critics who constituted her audience. Miss Hilda Lack is the youngest daughter of Mr Lack, and has been pur suing her musical studies nnder Signor Zelman, who speaks in the highest terms both of the ability possessed by the young lady, and the earnestness displayed by her in striving to ensure its complete development. Beechworth State School.— We re cently reported that Mr A. W. Appleton had been appointed to succeed Mr Steel as head teacher of the Beechworth State- school. Mr Appleton has for some time past held the position of head teacher at Charlton, a rising town in the North-west ern district, and we learn that before the children wore dismissed for their Christ- mas holidays, Mr Appleton was made the recipient of a handsome valedictory testi- monial in token of the regard entertained for him by those whose education he has been directing. By the parents and others great regret is felt at Mr Appleton's trans- ference, that gentleman having shown himself a highly competent teacher, in proof of which it may be mentioned that the annual examination of the Charlton school was made last week by Mr Inspec- tor Hart, and that the result was exceed- ingly gratifying, tho passes being 91 per cent. Racing. — At the Victorian Amateur Turf Club races at Caulfaeld on Wednesday last, Mr A. E. Weight's b g J.5., by Glen- markie, won the Hopetcun Cup of 130 sovs. The Possible and Destiny filled the other places. Burrabari who started favorite failed to get a place. At the Maribyrnong races on Thursday, Mr F. McGrath's br m Monah ran second in the Fisherman's Handicap of 40 sovs. Edison's Phonograph. — Those who wish to renew the pleasure they have al ready experienced in listening to the as tonishing phonetic emanations of this wonderful instrumout, or who have not yet participated in that enjoyment, will be gratified to notice that Mr Dawes, who is in charge, will give the public a further op portunity by exhibiting it at the Ovens Beuevolent Asylum at 11 o'clock this (Saturday) morning, and at- the Ovens Dis trict Hospital at 3 o'clock the same after noon, for the amusement of the inmates, when collections will be made from the publie attending, the proceeds to be de voted to the funds of those deservin institutions. Dentistry.— Mr O. Meredith Hall, of the well known firm of Hall and Sons, surgical and mechanical dentists, Mel bourne, announces his appointments for this part of the colony during the month of January. It will be noted that the already extensive range of Mr Hall's visits has been very considerably en larged. He may still be consulted on duties as fixed at Beechworth, Yackan- dandah, Myrtleford and Bright; but in addition he will attend at Harrietville Tailangatta, Chiltern, and Wangaratta. This will bo a great convenience to many who have hitherto had to travel con siderable distances in order to avail them selves of Mr Hall's professional services. Charities' Carnival Accounts. — At tention is directed to advertisement in this issue intimating that all accounts in connection with the recent Beechworth Charities' Carnival must be rendered to the hon. secretary, Mr H. J. Durham, not later than Friday, 4th January. It is particularly requested that this intima tion will be acted upon as the committee arc anxious to ascertain the exact finan cial result of the Carnival. Fire at Hill Grove.— A fire at Hill Grove early on Thursday morning de stroyed the local branch of the City Bank, the Centennial Hall and a couple of shops adjoining. A dance was held in the hall in the night, and it is supposed the fire was caused by a smoker dropping a match. Great difficulty was experienced in pre venting the flames spreading to other buildings, which was only saved by wet blankets being -spread over them. The bank and hall were insured ; the shops were not. Burglars in Riverina.— An attempt was made on Saturday to enter the rail way ticket office at Junee, the door being partly forced by a fettler's pick. The same night a room occupied: by a man named Thomas Fern was entered and a revolver and other articles stolen. Sub sequently an attempt was made to enter the residence of Mr Heffernan ; but the burglars were fired on and decamped. The uolice believe that 8 or 10 men are concerned in the robberies. . Mr Heffer nan has several gold cups won bv his racehorses, and it is, supposed that the robbers were after them. A Buggy Rug Lost.— Whilst travel ling from Beechworth to Myrtleford on Boxing Day, Miss Alice Bray was so unfortunate as to lose a buggy rug to which she attaches great value. The finder will be rewarded ou returning the rug 'to Miss Bray, Ford-street, or upon leaving it at the office of this journal. Country Fire Brigades' Board. — The poll for tho election of two members of the Country Fire Brigades' Board in lieu of those retiring by rotation closed at 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. The re tiring members were Mr Thomas Casey, of Maryborough and Mr H. A. Crawford of Everton, and the result of the voting was the re-election of those gentlemen. There were four candidates for the two seats and the voting was as follows : — Thomas Casey, Maryborough 41 ; H. A. Crawford. Everton 39 : C. C. Shonnnn Ballarat 28 ; John Fletcher, Beechworth 10. Gold Yield at the Great Northern Extended, Ruthbrglbn. — The yield for last week was 309oz 9dwt., from three Bottoms 240oz ; total 549oz 9dwt. New Year's Night Concert.— The Beechworth Brass Band will give their annual promenade concert in the Town Hall Gardens on New Year's Night and have had in rehearsal for it a programme of high class instrumental music which cannot fail to prove acceptable. A more delightful way of closing the celebration of the commencement of the New Year could not be desired. The gardens will be brilliantly illuminated ; plenty of seats will be provided, and with charming music to beguile the hours, visitors may rely upon having just such an evening's entertainment as is most appropriate to the occasion. Licenses. — Licensed victuallers are re minded that the fees for their licenses must be paid within 28 days after the granting or their certificates. Thus, for all certificates issued at the Licensing Court at Beechworth the fee must be paid ou or before the 12th January. Payment must be made in cash or by bank draft. The time for making payment of the fees for auctioneers' licenses has been extended throughout the colony to a period of six weeks . from the date of the certificate. ,The lBt and 2nd January being public holidays, the revenue and pay office will be closed on those days.. Destructive Fire at Boukkb. — a serious' fire, resulting in damage to the extent of about £5000, has occurred at the Bourke meat works On Wednesday morning. The flames originated in the cattle killing premises, and that portion of the building, together with the store room, which contained thousands of tins of preserved meat, was entirely destroyed. No work was going on at the time of the outbreak, and the origin of the fire is a mystery. Good services were rendered by a number of the men employed at the place, who worked with great determina-. tion in subduing the flames for two hours. Buckets of water were passed along a line, and by this means the fire was con fined to the portion of the works already mentioned. The fire has caused a large number of men to be thrown out of em ployment. The insurances on the build ing amounted to £7000 with the Com mercial Union and North British com panies. Clearing-out Sale. — Messrs Pearsons Rowe, Smith and Co., Melbourne (in con junction with Messrs Chenery and Co., Albury) report having held a successful clearing sale on account Mr Wm. Pearson at Bonegilla Park, near Wodonga, the property having been lot for a term of years. There was a large attendance of buyers ; competition was fairly and well sustained, the whole of the cattle, sheep, and horses being sold at satisfactory prices as follows Local bred fat bul locks, £4 3s ; Queensland bullocks, in good condition, £3 lis ; younger Queens land bullocks, £2 17s ; fab bullocks, £4 Us ; fat heifers, station bred, £3 2s 6a ; 2-year-old heifers, station bred, £2 4s ; 3- year-old fattening bullocks, station bred, £3 lis ; shorthorn bull, station-bred steers, 1 and 2 years old, 35s ; 6-t ooth crossbred wethers, 8s ; crossbred ewes, aged, 4s 9d to 5s ; crossbred weine."" 9d ; border Leicester rams, to guineas ; horses, comprising p—mxe hacks and station horses, sold to £16 ; a total clear ance being effected. — ita.Tcuoi.r Churchill Growing Gradually Weaker. — Queen Victoria and the Princo of Wales on Thursday made special inquiries as to the state of Lord Randolf Churchill, who has been brought back to London from Marseilles, whore a serious attack of paralysis seized him. The royal inquiries elicited the reply that the patient is gradually growing weaker. His condition continues extremely criti cal. The Indian National Congress. — The tenth Indian National Congress has been opened at Madras. Mr A. Webb (Na tionalist), M.P. for Waterford West, who presided, inhis inaugural address declared that the harshness of the British Govern ment in forbidding the possession of arms to the natives of India was an insult to the race, and a mode of treatment analo gous to that which England had bestowed upon Ireland. Ho considered the des- tiuies of Ireland and India closely allied. China and Japan. — Telegrams from Manchuria report that the Chinese troops have evacuated the town of Nieu Chang, at tho head of the Gulf of Leao-Tong, south of Monkden, and are preparing to march to the front to again engage the Japanese army which recently routed 10,000 Chinese at Hai-Tehang. Fearful Tragedy. — From Monte Video telegrams report a fearful occurrence in association with the fighting betweeu ti.> : .1 o n.L_.» 1 J 0110 lubuLieuoiuiiiaia itu oaii vxiiuriei cwiu the federal troops. Whether as an incident in the firing or as a deliberate act is not stated, bub the Government troops set fire to a hospital in which lay 120 wounded insurgents. The whole of these unfortunates were burned alive in their beds. The Grand old Man. — Gladstone will be 85 years of age to-day (Saturday.) Scholar, statesman, theologiau, essayist, poet— he is the man whom, now that the fierceness of controversy enables us all to realise the greatness of hi3 character, people of British blood everywhere delight to honor. "Many happy returns of the day !" We say '' many" advisedly, be cause Gladstone seems to have a vast store of life in him yet. Among Carnegie's Iron Workers.— Another great industrial disturbance is expected to take place at Pittsburgh. The great Carnegie Steel Manufacturing Com pany, of which Mr Andrew Carnegie, known as the Iron King, is the head, has, consequent upomthe dullness of trade and low prices ruling, made great reductions in the wages paid to its operatives. The reductions range from 10 per cent to as much as 35 per cent, and are regarded as unjust and oppressive by the large num ber of employes who are affected. The men are going out on strike. Their atti tude towards the managers of the company is so hostile and menacing that the gravest apprehensions are entertained of tho repe tition of the outbreak during the strike of last year, when a number of non-union ists were poisoned and shot, and the manager of the coke factory, Mr Paddock, was killed and his boy incinerated. A strong force is being despatched to Pitts burgh with a view to preventing the re currence of such outrages, and to preserve order at the works. The feeling among the men has been very strong Bines the suppression of the last strike, and al though legal proceedings against the leaders were dropped, . as well as the counter charges against the mahugers, there has been much friction and soreness since exhibited. An appeal is being made by the men to the labor organisations to declare a general strike. In view of the action taken last year by the judicial au thorities in declaring strikes illegal under the Act" prohibiting combinations aiming at the restriction of trade, it is considered doubtful whether a general strike will be ordered. Blackmailing. — At Albury on Thurs day the police arrested a young married man nema/1 Wm .QmffVi nn nlieorraa nf iuuu uatuuu i tu« miusuu vu vuuttjca VL |/Ol" jury and attempted blackmailing. These charges arise out of a recent prosecution of Dr W. R. Mrtthews for alleged mal practice, in . which Smith and his wife prosecuted, and swore that Dr Matthews performed an illegal operation on a wo man against her wishes. The defence was that no such offence had been committed, and that Smith had attempted to black mail Dr Matthews, who was entirely ex onerated at the trial. Subsequently Judge Forbes investigated the matter as special commissioner, and he reported that Dr Matthews's arrest was wholly unwarran ted. Smith then cleared out, but has been arrested having returned to his mother's residence. The accused was re manded for eight days. The Siberian Railway. — Tho Czar Nicholas, alluding to the Siberian railway now in course of construction took occasion inferentially to disavow the common asser tion that the line was intended to serve important strategic purposes. The object of Russia in constructing this railway, the Czar stated, is purely one of peace and civilisation. His Majesty expressed a hope that the line would be cheaply and rapidly completed. Fire in London.— A fire broke out at the Royal Exchange which at one time threatened to spread to the whole of the building as well as to tho .u I joining (struc tures. With great exertions the firemen contrived to localise the fire at Lloyd's office in the Exchange, and they eventually succeeded in extinguishing it. The smoke in the building was unusually dense, and three of the firemen who were rendered insensible by its effects, fell from the walls, sustaining serious injuries. Horse Fatality.— Mr F. Allen, of the Spring Creak Brewery, has just ex perienced a somewhat severe loss by the death of a valuable horse. The nntmal was taken off the grass and driven to Chiltern. On being brought back he was seized with the gripes, and in spite of the application of the usual remedies, the animal succumbed to the attack. Assault and Robbery. — A mild case of " sticking up" occurred on Wednesday night, on the Albury and Wodonga road, when a cab belonging to Mr G. Blakely, was rushed by five disreputable-looking characters in the neighborhood of tho I Half way Hotel. Three of the would-be robbers have so far eluded the police, but two, giving the ' names of John Cannell and Harry Brown, have been arrested by njuuiiieu-uuustaoie oreeie ana (jonscaoie Burge. The pair appeared before the Wodonga Bench and were remanded. It is stated that the gang also assaulted a customs officer at the bridge aud stole a bottle, of whisky from the Halfway Hotel. Our New Year's Day Issue. — We desire to direct tte special attention of our subscribers and general readers to the fact that our issue of Tuesday next will contain a variety of interesting read ing, including fall reports of Christmas celebrations in other localities which want of space excludes from the present issue. Also original articles by Lady Cook, a colonial sketch by Miss Serjeant, and a ghost . story by Billy Nuts. Those de sirous oi obtaining extra copies of this issue are requested to forward their orders without delay, to avoid disappoint ment. / Bright Annual Races. — The Bright Annual Races were hold ' on Boxing Day and the following day and were entirely successful. The report appears on our fourth page. By an inadvertence it omits to mention Mr Murray who acted as starter, and Mr W. Beveridge who took the time for the various events. Each of these gentlemen discharged the duties en trusted to them with entire satisfaction to all concerned. With regard to Maxim's running in the Consultation Stakes, which was so uncomplimentarily com mented on by the crowd, the stewards subsequently held an enquiry, the result of which was that the jockey, E. Beck, was disqualified for a period of three months for suspicious riding. The Big Candle Competition.— t>— attraction of this novel comn-V''.®?"' tinues unabated, and,-'-ulMhe 0h"st- mas holidays ,t nS a n" cand'" "- Messrs Taylor and Co. s store, .-a Ford-street, has drawn a crowd of spectators each evening to speculate upon the probable duration of time involved in its consumption. Mr 0. F. Falck offi ciated from the first as timekeeper, the results being as follow On the 27th December the candle was lighted at 8.15 a.m., aud was extinguished at 6.15 p.m., consuming 3£ inches in the 10 hours. On the 28th the lighting took place at 8.10 a.m. and was extinguished at 6 10 p.m., consuming 4 inches in the 10 hours. The candle, notwithstanding its proximity to the entrance,- burns with great regularity, and up to the latest report had been con sumed to the total extent of 9 6-8th inches. Much anxiety is felt as to the result, tho guesses ranging from 50 to 700 hours, a sufficiently wide margin, while some humorous competitors hazard the safe guess that it will burn till it is totally consumed. The Chelford Collision. — An in quest has been commenced on the 13 per sons killed at Chelford, near Manchester, on Saturday last, through the collision of the Manchester Express with a number of goods trucks which had been blown by a furious gale then raging from a siding to the main line. Tho stationmaster of Chelford was examined, and admitted that he ne'glected to send a porter to look after the trucks which caused the accident when he had shunted them on to the sid ing, but urged that he had no reason to believe that any danger conld arise from the shunted trucks. Gilchrist's Annual Ball. — At the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, the usual anniversary ball was held under the direction of Mr -Gilchrist, tho attend ance being so liberal that the capacious ball-room was filled, almost to an incon venient extent, by a joyous and orderly throng of men and maidens, who went through a lengthy series of dances of all descriptions, to the inspiriting music of piano and violin by Messrs Eagleton and Gilbert until near daybreak. Christmas Holidays. — The Christmas holidays have passed over with much the same amount of enjoyment as in former years, as may be inferred from the reports of various gatherings. The town was very gay on Christmas Eve, the various shops, hotels, &c.;, being decorated with beauti ful ferns, and, in somo cases, flowers were intermingled with the greenery in every artistic fashion, and brilliantly lighted. The storekeepers and faucy goods dealers evidently did a good trade, and were crowded with parents and friends buying seasonable presents for the little ones, who must, on the following morn ing, have thoroughly believed in the real presence of Santa Olaus. The churches, on Christmas Day was appropriately de corated, and tho services of the usual special character, the day itself, of course, being observed as a close holiday. Box ing Day was given up to universal holiday making, and as the threatened rain held off, was very enjoyably spent by holiday makers of every description. Curious Domestic Quarrel. — A man named August Biske was at Geelong on Thursday afternoon, arrested at Pettavel on warrant charged with shooting at a man named George Hoffmann ; and Eugenie Hoffman, wife of the latter, was arrested for counselling the crime. Hoff mann and his wife have been living apart for some time, and the woman had issued a summons against her husband for the reco vecy of a horse which he had taken out of her paddock. On Christmas eve Hoffmann returned the hone, and, ac cording to: his statement, went to his wife's house at Pettavel to make an explanation, when lie :'wao - attaolcod by Biske, who is employed by Mrs Hoffmann. Hoffmann was getting the better ofjJBiske, when Mrs Hoffmann told him to "get a gun" which was in an adjoining room. Hoffmann cleared off, and when some distance away Biske fired, with the result that several pellets of shot lodged in Hoffmann's leg, back and neck, but only penetrated the skin. Hoff mann has caused warrants to be issued. Mrs Hoffmann, prior to her last marriage, was a Mrs Marendez, postmistress at Pettavel, with whom a strong feeling of public sympathy was aroused some few years ago owing to a criminal assault which was reported to have been made upon her during the night at her house. A man who is now confined as a lunatic was charged with the crime, but the police have never been able to satisfactorily clear the matter up. Departure of the Mail. — Mails for Europe and the East will be despatched per the R. M.S.S. Massilia, on Tuesday, January 1st, The times for closing at the Beechworth Post-office will be as under : — For money orders, 3 p.m. on Saturday, December 29th ; for registered letters, 4 p.m., Monday, December 31sb, and for ordinary letters, newspapers and packets, Monday evening, December 31st. Spain and America. — Mr Walter Gresham, Secretary of State in President Cleveland's Cabinet, states that unless the SDanish Government withdraws its heavy duty ou American flour imported into Spain, and substitutes a more favor able impost, the United States Govern ment will retaliate by a prohibitive duty on sugar imported to America from the Spanish West India colony of Cuba. 