JOHN MARTIN AND COMPANY, LIMITED. Christmas is nigh, but a visit to Messrs. John Martiu and Company, Limited, ap parently brings it nearer, Founded early in the sixties, this business has made prodigious strides. The buildings, in whioh are included wholesale and retail departments, cover an aore, and fiat upon fiat is stocked with goods of almost every desoription. Indeed every inoh of spaoe even to the late founder's dining room is used for one purpose or another. On Monday one of our reporters first made a move to the epaoious showroom, where a busy throng were being attended to by tbe courteous and obliging assistants. How theladies' eyes must feast on tbe endless and gay array of hatsT* flowers, and feathers whioh are displayed to their full view and make eeieotion a much easier task than when the goods are stowed away in drawers. T'he windows faoing Obarles- strcet hare been frosted and lettered aooording to the various departments, and along tbe inside are placed filings with mirrors artistioally embellished with muslin and holly between eaoh. All the latest novelties, espeoially imported for the Christmas season, and whioh arrived by the last week'a mail, hare been opened up. The exoellent fitting-room in tbe oorner is so arranged with mirrors that the ladies oan admire themselves from all points of tbe com pass. While one gazes on tbe animated soene the oash service tramways, worked by means of a catapult, fly overhead to and from the various Btatious, and owing to the pressure of business tbe network of wires has bad to be increased. On baskets fixed up all round the columns are hung mantles, blouses, shirts, and white and oolouied drill costumes. Boots aud shoes bavo a separate department with an entranoe from Charles-street. Passing on further one enters an Arabian Nights enter tainment, as far'as tbe youngsters are oon oerned. Fancy goods and toys of every de scription are in abundauoe, hanging from tbe oeiling, piled on the shelves, and stacked on the tables. One of the novelties is a Japanese bamboo violin—a very ingenious oontrivance, while among tbe torturing maohines are toy pianos, musical boxes, squeaking figures, trumpets, pennywhistles, and, alas for one's ear-drum on New Year's Eve, foghorns innu merable to make night hideous. Our reporter always thought that Father Christmas fought Bhy of glaring day, like Hamlet's ghost, but to his surprise he saw a typioal old Santa Claua in the real flesh and blood; and, unlike the ghost, he did not seem _ as if the orowing of a oook would frighten him. The old friend of the kiddies, with a long, white, flowing beard, was dressed in red CaBh mere orimmed with lambswooi, and upon his venerable- looking bead was a wreath of holly. Tbe youngsters must sample danta Clause wares, who, when tired of their importunities, retires to the window fantastioally arranged with toys of every desoription to reBt his wearied limbs. Tbe old man aits on his chair quizzing the passers-by through a hoop of holly. Here the nocturnal visitor exoites even more ouriosity, and the question with the email fry in the street is—" Wonder whether he's alive?" fltuffed dogs and oats sitting peaooably side by side, oases adorned with pretty Bohemian glassware, Chinese lanterns galores doll* from an inoh mice to others as big as aobild, and possessing the advantage of un breakable feet, meet the eye in every direotion. Standing at tbe Rundle-street entrance one sees right through to the end of the hand some showroom, and everywhere the eye alights on toys,toye, tova. Children's buckets and spades for the seaside are made a epeoial feature. One of the meobanioal figures is a coloured gentleman who, with breast heaving and a smile for every one,'plays away the livelong day on a banjo. An oroheBtral musioal-box, which plays no lesB than twelve tunes, is thesouroe of much entertainment. Of orioketware, ranging from the toy bat to the real willow, there is no end. After a hurried inspeocion of the extensive and largely stocked wholesale departments, in one of wbioh was displayed endless quantities of enamelled ware, Japanese goods, Ohristmss oarde, bam boo easels, hats by the thousand, and perfumery. Our reporter paid a visit to the packing-room, where an enormouB amount of work was being carried out with expedition. The Managing Directors of the Company are Messrs. E. W. Hsyward and F. Hayward, and that the bad tunes have not affeoted the flourisniog busi ness is shown by the faot that the staff hat inoresBed einoe last year from fifty to seventy five. J. Martin & Co,, Limited, have a wonderful show, and every one should make a point of seeiDg it. 