I.hIRNSl.)LE ROWING CLUB. PRESENTATION TO MIn W. J. W. WILSON. When at the last Easter Saturday regatta the representatives of thie above club surprised almost ovrryono by the manner in which they triumphed over their metropolitan opponenls, they fur nished a splendid example of what can be accomplished by a number of steady man who band themselves together under a skilful coach with a determination to win, or at least to give a good account of themselves and uphold the honor of their club. When the crews were selected their names were eagerly scanned, and in some instances the choice of the com mittee was adversely criticised, and some "knowing ones" were not back ward in predicting that the crews had not a "ghost of a chance," and asserted that by the selection of two maiden crews, instead of one comprised of all tried men, the chances of both bad been jeopardised. The absolute lack of fore sight in these premature judgments was amply exemplified on the day of the regatta. The Maiden Foorcertainly had not a fair show of exhibiting their powers, yet we think in the short tussle in which they engaged the Yarra Yarra Four they proved that they wore the better crew. Included in the personnel of the Maiden Eight were a number of comparatively untried man, and one, Gloater, actually joined the club during tihe season, but they were assiduous in their practice, and paying careful attention to the instructions of the captain and coach of the club, 1Mr W. J. W. Wilson, they scored a signal triumph over their older rivals. As a factor in this result it would be almost impossible to too highly culogise the work done by Mr Wilson, for both morning and evening he was always at his post, imparting his knowledge of rowing and correcting the inaccuracies of his pupils, and this being the case it was only to he expected that the crews would express their acknowledgment of the material assistance they had received by presenting him with a tangible memento of the occasion. Accordingly a sugges tion that a framed group of photographs of the members of the crews be presented to Mr Wilson was adopted with enthu siasm, and Mr F. Eastwood, of Messra Eastwood Bros., was entrusted with the work of photographing the crews and also with the framing and mounting of the testimonial. It is at present on view in the window of the firm's estab lishment, Main street, and will be found to be a very handsome one, and the likenesses are in all cases excellent. The frame, which measures 4ft. x 2ft. 10in, is composed of white enamel, with gold braced facings, ruby plush mounting, and gold slip. It will probably be re membered that the crows were comprised as follow :-Maiden Eight-T. TH. Atkin (stroke), IR.Jondson, I. Martin, W. Lane, G. Bearham, A. Gloster, J; W. Berger and P. Ford (bow). Maiden Four-J. T. Johnston (stroke), W. G. Payne, F. P. Richardson and W. O. Hobson (bow). The pictures are ranged so that from a glance the observer will ascoertain the respective seats occupied by the men in their boats, whilst the boats with the men in the position known as ' half-forward " is given, and in the coentre is thie photograph of the recipient, Mr Wilson, the whole being completed by the inscription, " Presented to IV. J. \V. Wilson, Esq., by the winners of the IMaiden Eight and Maiden Four of the Bairnsdalo Racing Club at the Bairns dale Regatta, 1894." The presentation was made at Mr J. M'Donald's Albion Hotel, Bairnsdale, on Thursday night, when forty-five members of the club were present, and Mr A. L. Archer, J.P., president of the club, occupied the chair. The Chairman in calling upon those present to drink the health of the guest of the evening, Mr Wilson, said they I had assembled there that evening to present to inai gentleman a slight memento expressivo of the appreciation of the crew of his services as coach of the club. As to the way in which Mr Wilson carried out his duties was no doubt more apparent to'the rowing gentlemen pre sent than to himself (Mr Archer),.but looking at the result of the regatta the speaker coull not help thinking Mir Wilson's coaching must be perfeot. In conversation with Mr Upward, whom ihe (the chairman) considered the premier coach of Victoria, that gentleman ex pressed the opinion that he had never seen crews turned out in better condition. With reference to the souvenir he was about to present to Mnr Wilson he did not think their coach could not do other than admire it, and hand it down to his posterity-ho hoped there would be posterity. (Laughter.) It would never fade, but would be always fit to be shown to anyone, and its workmanship reflected great credit on the artistic skill of their friend, Mr Eastwood, but he know it would be valued more by the recipient as a memento of the regatta of 189- than for its intrinsio value. Though Mr Wilson did not take an oar on that occasion, ho (the chairman) conlsidered he had a more responsible position as coach, and though at times it was neces sary during the training to be a strict disciplinarian, after the regatta there was not the slightest roughness or ill-feeling existent. He was sure ho was express ing the general opinion of the members of the club when lie stated that Mr Wilson was the mainstay of the club, and to his foresight, energy and per severance was due the loading place thi club occupied amongst the clubs of the colony. The club was in a splendid financial position, and lie (the speaker) predicted that it would still continue to progress under the management of Mr Wilson, and that that gentleman might long continue in his present position was, he was assured, the nish of the entire club. He then ntmade the presentation amidst hearty applause. Mir Wilson, in responding, said ho hardly knew how to thank the crows for their handsome presentation, and the presietlit for his eulogistic remarks. H[[ never nnticiplatd getting anything of the sort, but thought Ih was amply repaid t'nr his labors when Ie saw the crows winning on the iny of the regatta. As to tli coaching, ihe differed from the president when hl e I aid that it was per. fect, and Ilio dli not consider it his jbrti, but annythinig lhe kinow about rowing lo hiad eindeavored to impart to the members of the club, and ihe thought if lih dil not he would have been failing in hli dulty. Ily thlir reent victories the club hutl imadi their first stp on the ladder of fatti iln the rowing world, and lie hoped iltosO succespso wero only the foreranner of others which would lead them to championship honors. He attri. buted the cause of their success to the members themselves and to their presi dent, who restrained their young spirits and prevented them from over-reaching themseolve. The crews had worked strenuously and set their minds to their work, without which coaching would have been of no avail. Therefore ho proposed the health of " The Crews." Mr T; H. Atkin, as stroke of the Eight, in responding stated that without Mr Wilson's assistance they' would not have done half so well, and he quite agreed with the president that their cap tain was the mainstay of the club. The only thing the Eight regretted was that owing to the mediocrity of their oppo. nones they were not enabled to show all Mr Wilson lhad taught them. Mr F. P. Richardson, in the unavoid able absence of Mr J. T. Johnston, stroke of the Four, also replied and eulogised the services of their coach, and in conclusion proposed "The Bairnsdalo Rowing Club, to which we are all proud to belong." ,r MIr W. Shiel, vice-president, in re sponse said he had been connected with the club for a long'time, and though regretting that some of the old members were falling off he was gratified to seo so many young'men codning on who were capable of taking a seat in any boat, and with a little exertion a large inflnu of new members coald li 'obtained, as the success of young men at the recent regatta 'shuald prove a special in centive to probable members. He thought the club was an institution that every athletic. young man should join, for if he lihad any defects in his constitution nothing would make them apparent sooner than rowing, nor more speedily ntrengthon them. Coining to the work done by Mcr Wilson as coach, lie said it seemed almost impossible for the crews selected for the last regatta to succeed, as they comprised so many young oarsmen, hut under the skilful treatment of Mr Wilson they had more than fulfilled the most sanguine expectations. lie proposed ihe health of "Thei President," whom he warmly commended for his constant at teondanceo at meetings and the general interest he displayed in the club. aMr A. L. Archer in replying, stated. tis willihngnins to always aesist tihe club, as Ihe considered it was an honor to be associated with such ansport as rowing, which was entirely free from the evils of bitting and similar vices which nfror. tunately encumbered other sports. Mr P. Ford proposed " The Com mittee," coupled with tile name of the secretary,? Mr U. T. Arthur, whom he considered in every instance to be the right men in the right place. Mr Arthur responded, and modestly attributed the success of the club to the painstaking efforts of the committee. In reply to the toast of " Old Mem bars," proposed by Ir-R. Greene, Mr F. Eastwood expressed his. pleasure at the enthusiasm which had been engen. dered in the club by their late victories. Ioe reumemehred the time. some years oinco-when they used to look forward to sending crews to Aoelbourne, but some thing always cropped up to prevent them. At that time they had men whom hbe thought would, have proved good men, bat they did not have the boats; now they ihad tihe boats and the men too. Mr G. M. Jones also responded, but repudiated being an old member. "The Press," proposed by Mr A. Gloster, and responded to by DMr J. J. '?'Menamin, the representative of the .Ilrnsdale Addertiser present, and "Tho Ladies," proposed by Mir C. A. Drevermann and responded to by Mr Gloster, were also honored. During the evening Messrs Atkin, F. M'Donald, Good, R. Greene, Gloater and Mackinnon contributed songs, and altogether a very enjoyable time was spent to 10.30 p.m., when the meeting broke up with three cheers for Mr Wilson. 