STEATHDOWNIE. (From our own Correspondent.) January 4. So far the season presents several I features scarcely paralleled since the first pioneer began to plant fruit and other varieties of trees in tbe early forties. Many partB of the sur rounding districts suffered severely from drought laBt year. This time last year the beat waB Bitnply intolerable, and the forest fires in the scrub coun try could be likened to the warmer regions. The winter rains arrived about the middle of February, and were po severe as to ruin in the aggregate About 200 acres of potatoes in the low lying parts, and large quantities of fruit. The rains, in other words, fell about two months earlier than waB hitherto the case. It is only once in 80 years, so tbe old residents say, that February rains happen in this part* March is the rule, and tbe early rains frequently do not arrive until the latter tend of April. Last season about 801 inches fell here and all over the district j bnd the grass grew luxuriantly. The farmers began to plough and sow to wards the end of July. Besides this there were fpwer frosts than usual, temperate days, and no hurricanes. From the first-of September to the end of November such a wet winter aB we had was never put on record here before. The best illustration of all thiB iB perhaps in the condition of the pastures and orchards. The her bage is thick and strong, as it is usually witnessed three or four months earlier in the year. Primitive methods go hand in hand with modern machinery. It is said that an old grey-haired woman of this place, of 90 summers, is at present busily engaged reaping her barley with an ordinary book, and tying it bundle by bundle, whilst her more fortunate next-door neighbour is mowing biB oats with an improved reaper and binder. It iB computed that fully 10,000 kangaroos were slaughtered for their skins last year. Surely this has been a season of fur, and countless are the marsupials, large and small, which have sacrificed tbeir nice warm winter coats for the use and ornament of tbe fair sex. Speaking of marsupials re minds me tbat large black opossum caps are much worn by local ladies, decorated with a profusion of black cockatoo tips nodding in front, and long ribbon streamers hanging below the waiBt at the back. It is currently reported that a young Bhearer at tbe Bamboa estate, who is j hanging hiB hat to a ruddy com plexioned lady of the swamps, while journeying to Bee her last Sunday, was | unfortunate enough to get his legs entangled in the top wires of a barbed fence. In tbat unenviable position he waB forced to remain for a few hours till a search party which had beep scouring the country effected ^ his release. The unfortunate youth might have been there yet had it aot been for a large body of crows, whose melodious conversation attracted the attention of the searchers. They were just in time to prevent the crowB fish ing out the suspended man'B eyeB. A recent isBue of the Watch gives us to understand that pious Penola has a® last sprouted a fair sprig of a falsifier of the truth, who has done his level best to wring into your readers a fabulous snake yarn connected in some indefinable manner with a bicycle. The writer baB been aBked to state his opinion as to what youfr Penola ink . splasher was poking at. Well, Mr. Editor, in reply I can only say to those not familiar with the recent improved varieties of crammers in circulation, an increase in size suggests a' proportionate deterioration in brain power. But while this may be true with the Penola class, it does, not apply to our Strathdownie folk, pro minent among which is no lesB a per sonage than the writer. Although the origin of the Munchausen business re ferred to is unknown here all its characteristics indicate that it is either a Yankee seedling from a European variety or a cross between a foreign and a Lake Mundi lie. The Bource from whence it sprung iB evidently a prolific bearer, and has, no doubt, proved perfectly hardy in the vicinity of Penola. "We have no knowledge of any yarn spinners outside the grounds j of the introducer, but the one referred to has so much to recommend it that when it once becomes more widely distributed, I have no doubt of its becoming the parent of a new strain of crammers Buperior to any now in circu lation. A big kangaroo hunt took place here on ChriBtmas Day. There were about 70 horsemen and nine or ten ladies present. There was no end of falls, but fortunately there was no one hurt. One young lady, whilst chasing a fox, overbalanced, and her foot became fast in the stirrup, the horse dragging her about 200 yards through a bunch of ferns. When picked up she. was not much the worse, but her clothing was in a bad condition. Mr. J. MacFarlane, jun., also got a naBty burster, but tbe only portion of that j gentleman's anatomy that was missing j was a small piece of bis nose. Twenty seven kangaroos and two bares were slaughtered. It is Baid that a well-known Mount j Gambier resident, who is poBseBBed of an awful dread of snakes, waB recently down in Melbourne for a holiday. I Whilst there he purchased a new gold watch. The watch was in every yeapeot a perfect gem, and proved to be A magnificent time-keeper into the bargaini On returning the visitor put Up tor the night here. On retiring to frest he must have dropped the watch OH the bed sheet, for when turning in hiB legB collided with some cold, corpse like obstacle, that prompted him to shriek out at the top of his voice " Snake." He thereupon seized the albert in mistake for a snake's tail and gave it a terrific heave, that sent it flying with the velocity of a cannon ball to the opposite side of the wall, where it coJlided with and smashed to pieces a clock besides breaking the watch itself to pieces. It cost £6 to mend the clock and £5 10s. to repair the watch, and goodness only knowB how much more to mend the man himself, Who acknowledged on leaving that he was going to consult Dr. MacMahon, of the Mount, that same evening. A large swamp serpent, 18 feet in length, was despatched in a remark able manner by Mr. J. Mac Oorquindale, a well-known squatter Of tbe place. Mr. MacCorquindale, who carries a brave heart in bis breast, was on his way home from Casterton, and as be waa nearing the metal, a few hundred yards from the local poat-office on the Casterfcoa side from here, he happened to descry the mofc&tfci;?, frtfttched right tb* road, wit&! either end in the water or swamp, I through, which the road passed. As there was nothing in the shape of a substantial weapon with which to despatch the brute within miles of the place how to get rid of his sDakeehip was a bit of a poser. But Mr. Mac Corkindale waB equalto the emergency, for he promptly crawled off his moke and by hacking the tongue of his boot out and pulling several Btraws out of his old mare's tail be contrived to build a rather formidable looking sling, with the aid of which the monster was soon done to death, skinned and buried in the swamp, which was dyed a dark red for a radius of twenty feet from where the serpent was despatched. A short while after wards Mrs. Bilston drove past the spot accompanied by the Misses Reid and Bilston. The horses shied at the dis coloured water, capsized the vehicle and nearly drowned the occupants. Mr. Allen reports having seen a ghost a few nights since. The weird looking spectre took the shape of a headless man mounted on a lofty grey steed, with flames of fire streaming from its nostrils. Mr. Allen got an awful fright. fourteen young calves were worried to death here last week by dingoes. 