MARIGOLD. CHAPTER XI. ;: When Ethel reaches home, she finds Leo pacing to and fro iu the grounds. ; He is on a vi3it to Carleton Hall under the guise of Doctor Fisler, the name by which he is known at the university. 'TouhavebeeB committing some treachery to me, or you would have told me you were going to the village,' he cries, as he seizes Ethel's hand. She does her utmost to quiet him, but all the while she asks herself, in dismay : 'What shall I do with him while Hillis is here ?' At that 'moment the bushes beside them part, and Nhyorua steps forth v Her face is thin and ghastly, and stamped with disease. ' You will come home with mo, Leo ?' she prays. ' I am sick, and alone. This girl is a traitress to you. Ask her what errand she has been upon this afternoon.' ' She is a witch, sure enough,' thinks Ethel, in dismay. ' If Leo goes with her now, there is no end to the trouble she may give me by turning him against me.' ' She turns cvway from the couple with a gesture of haughty displeasure, but her infatuated lover draws her back. ' I can not accompany you. Go home, and do not trouble me again,' he says, sternly, to his mother. ' The curse of a widowed mother be upon you!' cries Nhyoma, turning fiercely to Ethel. 'Your sun sails high in the heavens now, but beware ! it ShaU'fts surely set ; and then you will think of the woman yen have robbed of her only son ;' and with this dark threat she hobbles away. \- Some days later, Leo seeks Ethel with a despair ing face. ' The faculty have recalled me. Oh, Ethel ! my love ! my star of hope ! you will be true to me in my. absence ?' he cries, seeing her in his arms and showering kisses upon her, sweet as love and bitter as death. 'I will be. true to you/' she tells him, while her heart throbs with exultation at the thought : ' Now the way will be clear for Hillis.' At Leo's request, she walks with him to the station to see him off. ' It shall either be the sweetest life or the dark eat death f or-iis '.' he cries, as he bids her good-bye. ' Eemember, Ethel, I would kill us both sooner than give you to another !' On her way home, Ethel has to pass the house that Hillis rented for his bridal home. It has been left undisturbed all these months. The shutters are closed, and the snsw is piled on the threshold that Marigold kissed to charm away trouble. ' She is dead in the haunted cabin by thin time,' thinks Ethel ; and then Btte starts with a cry as a figure like a ghost rises up in the portico beside her. : 'Hillis!' she cries, in the next breath, with a Bob of joy. 'Rovi you are glad to see me !' .exclaims Hillis, glancing' sadly from her to the pretty home he .fitted up for his fair girl- bride; and even in the gloaming she sees upon his handsome face the trace of tears. ' I cannot tellyou how glad. Oh, Hillis ! I could never have deserted you as she did,' sob3 Ethel. 'Where is she?' queries Hillis, hoarsely; and then Ethel tells him of the railroad disaster in ?which Marigold was supposed to have met her death. She sees by his ghastly countenance the blow the news is to him. .' Dead !— my Marigold !— and I believed that even jet I might win her back,' he groans, ' Will you tell me where my cou3in is — the man you know as Manning?' inquires Hillis, at last; and he does not see how the fair face opposite him flushes and pales as Ethel disclaims all knowledge of him. ' If I ever learn his whereabouts, all earth will be too small to hold us both !' declares Hillis, as he recalls that never-to-be-forgotten day when Manning bore Marigold out of the prison work- room in his arms. After that the days pass like a dream to Ethel: Hillis io constantly with her. It is true Mb words and thoughts are always of ' Marigold, but Ethel smiles .in patient, tub tie wis dom. \ .'???'? ' He seeks me now to talk of his lost love ; but soon he will desire my society for itself,' she an swers herself. And it does seem as though she has some foundation for her hopes. Insensibly Hillis begins to realize how soft her voice is as it murmurs to him some sweet tale of Marigold's past. ' How gentle and womanly she is !' he thinks, as he comes in to-night out of the winter storm to be received ' by Ethel wibh sweetest smiles, as she draws the easiest chair to the grate for him, and wheels the little smoking-table, with its tempting paraphernalia, to his elbow. ' If my love for Marigold had not shriveled my heart until it is as barren as an arid desert, here is 'a woman who could well make me forget all trouble,' he thinks. : ???..; ? Once that night he rouses himself with a start as he listens to the words Ethel is singing, sweet and low, at the piano. Ijove, love, my love ! The best things lire the truest ! Wlun the earth lies shadowy dark below, 01), then tliii UtavoDB are bluest. ' My heart cries out that the poet is wrong,' he declares to himself. ' Marigold was the ' best thing' earth held ; but so was she also the falsest. And yet, lying in her grave, she is dearer to me than any living woman can ever be.' A few moments later, as Ethel suddenly leaves -the room, she stumbles upon a figure crouching by the door. ' Rachel ! eavesdropping \' she cries, as the woman springs up and confronts her with a hard, defiant face. ' You will leave my employ at once,' declares the mistress, haughtily. But the maid only laughs contemptuously. 'When I do that the world will very shcrtly hear the story of the poisoned dagger. Only it will be said that it wrvs your hands that thrust it into the poor old musician — not mino ; and you can't prove to the contrary,' she exclaims. . ? ? At that moment a sealed and stamped envelope drops from the woman's pocket. She picks it up, but not.before Ethol reads, tlio address: ' Doctor Fisler, v ? Blank University .' .. Then she realisos that Rachel is. Leo's paid spy ! ' What shall I. do ? How shall I get rid of this inau who so persistently dogs my steps ?' she thinks, trembling1- with fear and despair. A few days later, when Hillis enters tde drawing room at Carleton Hall, he finds n gentleman present ?whom Ethel introduces as Dr. Pisler, who is with ibein for the ni«ht. Jlillis iB so preoccupied that he does not notice how pale Ethel is, or the wild 'fear dilating her oyee. : . ?' I have had the most remarkable adventure of my life,' he says, as he joins the circle by the fire. ' As I was coming through the woods this morning, I stumbled over a figure kneeling in the path,' he continues, and for the first time Ethel notices how pale he is. ' He rose up with a curse, and I then saw that my foot had crushed a rabbit-snare with which he was busv. and that hn was the vagabond son of that old humbug, Nhyoma — ' A sharp cry interrupts him, and he looks up to see Ethel pale and trembling, with her eyes fixed upon Dr. Fisler in an expression that he cannot understand. ' The fellow refused all overtures of peace, and we were Eoon involved in a bitter quarrel,' con tinues Hillis. ' I can see now that his aim was to exaspe'ralu me to the utmost. Finally he cried, in a taunting voice : ' You dare not fight mo with pis tols, here and now !' ' I dare fight you at any time and with any weapon,' I returned, hotly ; and each of us whipped out his revolver. ' It is plain to me now that the fellow knew the exceedingly bad shot I am. ' I have one condition,' he declared, as we stood facing each other in the lonely forest : ' I desire you to lake the first shot.' ' But I may kill you !' I exclaimed. But he de clared, with a sneer, that he had no fear of my even hitting him, and tauntingly threw open his coat. ' My very anxiety and rage made my aim less sure, and as I eagerly pulled the trigger the bullet sped far from its mark. ''It is my shot now!' he cried, with a laugh; and I tried not to flinch as he covered me with his weapon-. I would like to know,' declares Hillis- musingly, ' how I have gained that fellow's ill-will. He was so long taking aim at my heart that I saw at last it was his object to torture me with sus pense. ' At last he lowered his weapon and stepped nearer me, exclaiming : ' By the terms of our duel, I have the right to take my shot any time I choose ! I will postpone it for some future day. When you are at your happiest moment, look over your shoul der. You will see my pistol at your elbow.' With that he disappeared, leaving me, I confess, to the bitterest fate imaginable; for the suspense and uncertainty are more cruel than a dozen deaths.' ' If you fear to abide by the conditions of the duel, why not give the fellow in charge,' inquires Fisler, with a sneer that makes Hillis's blood boil. ' I shall accept my doom,' he answers, proudly ; and soon after he takes his leave for the hotel where he is stopping. ''You will not kill him?' gasps Ethel, as, at Leo's request, she gets her wraps and follows him out for a walk. ' I shall kill him one week from to-day, if you refuse on that day to be made my wife,' answers Leo, sternly. He does not notice that they have wandered to what is called The Braves Walk. It leads along the edge of a precipice a hundred feet in depth. Ethel is first to realise that they are walking upon the very brink. Quick as a flash she thrusts out her foot. Leo stumbles over it, and in the next instant stumbles over the cliffs. For a moment the girl stands petrified by her own act. Then she creeps to the edge of the bluff and peers over. Far below, the river rolls dark and angry in the ravine's depths. But midway between it and her she sees Leo lodged upon some bushes growing out of the rocky side. ' Eun for help ! Heaven will give me strength to hold on until it arrives ; for the grave could not hold me if it took you before you were mine !' he cries ; and she sees that he has no idea of her agency in his mishap. She draws back from the perilous spot, and springing up, runs away. ' I am free of him at last,' she tells herself exultantly. Suddenly she pauses, and her eyes dilate with fear. In her mad haste she has run straight for the haunted cabin. For a moment, as she comes upon this living tomb of Marigold, she feels that she must faint with horror. Then she creeps nearer it and listens. No sound. She even presses her ear to the boards. Still all is silent within. 'lama fool. She must have died days ago,' she mutters, with chattering teeth. Some fascination that she can not resist draws her to the door. With trembling fingers she turns the key in the rusty lock and pushes it open. Then a wild cry breaks from her. The place is empty ! She searches the shadowy corners ; she climbs to the wiudowless loft above. There are no signs of her prisoner. The windows are too small to permit of egress. She found the door locked upon the outside as she left it j there are no tracks but her own in the snow outside the shanty ; yet, living or dead, Marigold has been spirited from the haunted cabin. (To be continued.) 