S CURRENT. NEWS. lire nglish mails dated London, Septem ber 7, ex'-E:8lM.S. Rome, are due in ~Sydney this flterifidon. " Subscriber" (3rfaitland): Eight- hour Day was observed in Newosetle on ThuZrs day, Ootoier20th, 1892. A womaa named Mand Smith has been nommitted for trial at Forbes on a charge of otabbingi a men with whom ebe lived. Patrick Huephreys was yesterday com mitted for trial ol a' charge of assault oca sioning actual bodily harm to Henry Callehan. At. the Police Oburt.--"What is your name, witness F" " atriek Magnire, sir." "What are youn ." "An Irishman, sir." "I snspected as mnuch,'' remarkeod no solicitor present. When the last mail'loft Capo Colony small poxwas reported to be very bad in the Trans vaal, thore being then no fewer than 220 eases in the Hospital at Jolihnnesburg alone. Richard Sahriober, a young resident of Albury, was fbund dead on the Gerogery-road on Monday. He had evoridently been thrown from his horse; as. the animal returned home riderless. The consumption of wine ii Englantd is comparatively limited, and has not inoreased during the last 20'yearse, for whilst in 1870 it was 14,.000,840ga., in 1803 it was only 14.164,771ga1. In a gally off Wegga. Common on Monday the dead body of an elderly man was found wrapped in a blanklet. The remains were evidently those of a swageman, and death had apparently occurred'some time ago. Mortlmer White,. ap?ed 10, who has ao quired an unenviable reputation for "taking things as isn't his'n," was relogated? to. the reforming influences of the. traihing-ship Sobraon by the Newcastle ]36noh yesterday. We have received a number ofeletters deal ing with that celebrated cricket mdtth beo tween Carrington and Stooekton Councils, but the subject has now been exhaustedowing to the action of the aldbrmen at the former' municipality. William Allen, the driver of the mail coach to Nowley from. Narrabri; who was. injured by being thrown from his seat into the road last week by the horses bolting, died on Sunday. Ho leaves a' widow and grown up family. The body of an elderly man named John Frooeman, lately residing at Ashfold;, was found in Cook's River at CaOunterbury on Monday. Deceased had beeoon drinking heavily for some time, and it is eupposed that he committed suicide. An old resident of Nambuoca, named Angus Mackay, who claimed to hive been present at the battle of" Waterloo, died' on Saturday of influenza. Ho was olose on 100 years old, and related stories of Wellington and Napoleon to thebo last: The report of an offerof the Works De partment, prepared in response to the request of a deputation from Wyalong on the pros poets of obtaining artesian water byboring n that distriot, states that there is no pos sibility of finuding water under Wyalong. At the Goulburn Cirouit Court on Monday William Eagan was charged with breaking and entering the dwelling of his father, Miohael Eagan, at Bowral, and stealing £12 and two articles, the property of John Bagan, his brother. He was convicted and sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. In the case of Bertle Hind and Herman eoden, committed at Parramatta on a charge of horse-stealing, the Attorney-General has dooeclined to prosecuto Herman Sodon. The Attorneuoy-Geoneral has also deoolined to prose oute Herman Soden on a charge of lareoony, for which he was committed at Camdon. Sir Robert Duff presided at the 384th an nual meeting of the Sydney Ragged Bohools on Monday. The report stated that there were four schools, with a staff of' eight teachors. IHarrlngton-street school had 77 childron on the roll, Brisbano-street 48, Waterloo 112, and Glebe 170; total, 407; There were no foes or charges of any kind. The financial statement showed at March 31 last a total indebtedness, of £927,4s Sd; which was lower by £40 lIs 7d than at the same date last year. Legaocies had been received sinea entirely wiping out the deficit. In conneootion with the recent death at Stony Oreek a correspondent points out that Johnson's body was allowed to remain at Palmer's Hotel from Friday till M1onday, and could not be shifted to his former homo at Teralba, because no inquest was held till Monday. The dootor was proent t vilew the body 60 hours after the occurrenoo, and the deceased had to be wrapped in sawdust and buried as he was dressed when hilled, as no one could boar to go near the remains for the stonoh. Wo quite agree with him that asuch an ooourroneo is anything but oreditablo to the distriot in whiclh it'happened, and it is hoped that stops will be taken to prevent the porpetration of similar neogleoot for the future. Tho other day (says ]eondon .Ttrlhi) ori a mail steamer from the Capo calling at Santa Cruz, a party of time-expired soldiers went on shore for an hour or two. Among them was a corporal of dragoons, impolsingly attired in his blue jacket and yellowvstriped overalls, Thoe party santored a small hosto'y, but no bsooner had they. done so than a gang of two men and three women precipitated themselves upon the astonished corporal, and with a torrent of shrieks andabhso, hustled him into the street, after which the women stood in the doorway and spat upin the defoendor of lhis country. Upon sooking after wards for an explanation of this outrage6, the victim disoovered that there had been, someine months ago, an opldomio of 'ohbolora at Santa Cruz, and the yollowe strlipes. ce~sn d to have convoeyed to the oxcited Spanhs hnmagination that the gallant warrior was in quarantino. The Counoil of' Arbitration under the Trades Disputoes Aot, whloh was reoently appointed to a now' term, of ofleoo, mot In Sydney on Monday, Dr, Garran, thie presl. dent, was in the ohair, and' gave an address reviewing the working of the Aot under whoich they sat and the present position of trades dtiasptltes thouoghout the world, In referring to the past work of the counll lihe said I--" Two years ego, when we first took omooffe we had every reason to thlnk that the, Aet would be brought into operation nethl olonly to j Atify Parlilamont in having passed it. Yet all that we have to show overtly has bouon one easo of conciuoliation and arone of acrbitration, I say overtly booauso, as you know, thoro has beeoon work done qlulobly which has nmadeo no show, During tile past two years there have boeen nmany trades dis' putoes, and in every ease whore hlie could do so without impropriety, the Clork of Awards has endeavoulred to got tile parties to umake use of theomaehinery provided by this ofti:," A deliberate attempt was made early on Saturday morning to rob the Asastalihm Joint Stock Bank at Gormanton, and subso. quontly the attempt was repeated. It wcluld seem tlhat the absonce of most oE' the polloe from Gormanton in connection with the shuaring troubloes oncouraged some paron, presoumed to be an oxport burglar, to anlno an attempt to roach the safe, Mr, G. H, Lolgh, the manager of the branlch, repoDrts that the first attempt was made ait about 8 o'olook ic the mrning, the person cn deoavouring to forcn open the window of the room whore the sloe is kopl, Tihe malnigor acd hlia wife reside oni the promises, aid at the hour cnetliocno Mrs, Le lgh wis cwaikonoed by a noie. She eonllod to Ie her Ihulln hald, wvho got ilpanld hinmedliatoly wont ocut but ould not seen alnyome. After laeinc thgt all wis sufe he returnied to hed, Icut half Ianu hourerltor Mrs, .igLh agcilln heard a similar iieso, and called her husbanid's aittention to it, Mr, Lolgh got up and wont to the front of the premiss, hblut eolld see o ona Iaieo, howover, d?ihetlccy hoard suoeonie rannlig avay in hs dllstanclo. Jtdgo Gibsen sentenced a young urne named John Jones to four. years' penal servi tude ag the Narrabri Quarter Bessions, fore forging i cheque. The annal general meeting of the New catle Musical Union will take place in Fraser's Hall at 7.30 this evening, before the ordinary practice is held. The local water police force has been aug' mented by the arrival of Constable E. V. Newing, a reoruit from the metropolis, who fills the gap left by lho promotion of Acting gaoler Gettings to hitrpresent position, Steps are being taken to establish a branch in Sydney of the Austrilian Workers' Union, an oeganication which saow numbers 40,000 members, and with which are incorporatel the ol0 Anustralian Shearers' Union and tha General' Labourers' Union. As already reported, adnantago wilt lib taken of the Fire Brigades' banofit in aid of the Fletcher Memorial Fund in. the Victoris Theatre to-morrow evening, to present fourc awards granted by the Royall Humane' Society for acts of bravery lreally. The function will be performed by thc-lMayors oft Newcastle and Stockton. An accident of a painful, thouGhlnot of a' very serious nature, happened to one of the' scholars at one of the Publio Schools- yes-' terday. A little girl named Dora Dunn fell, from a swing and injured her knee. She wnasR conveyed to the Naewcastleo Hospital, atd re mains there for the present for treatment. A ase of sudden death under extraordinary oircumstances is reported from Orookwell. An old resident named Mrs. Horatio Roberts was apparently perfoectly well at dinner, .but' was found dead at 2 o'clook in her bedroom with her nook broken. She suffered from. weakness of the heart, and it is believed that,. its aJtion failing, she fell, breaking her neck: In speaking on "Australian Union" in the country, Bir Henry Parkeas referred to the' war between China and Japan, which woul tI possibly be the means of opening both: countries to intercourse with molern rivili. sation, and said that those countries by taking,: advantage of modern nmilitary and naval science would powerfully affect the destinies of the world. St. Leger Johnston, alias John fickey, who is at present serving six months upon a charge of stealing, was charged at the Central Police Couot yesterday with having stolen from the Devonshire Hotel, Sussuex street, a portmanteau containing d quantity of clothing, valued at £12. A great deal of the stolen property was discovered in a room occupied by tho accused. Prisoner was com mittod for trial. A Wollosgong correspondent writes: "'During their late visit to Port Kemonb!a, with: the view of inspecting its advantages for a breakwater harbour, the Harbour Trust Commissioners gathered that over 4000 tons of oargo had been put into one steamer at the southern jetty; also that during last month trade to the amount of 12,500 tons had been lost to the collieries shipping there owing:to insufficoieut protection. The weakly revenue returns published on Monday show that there was an increase in the revonue of £22,6165 from the 1st to the 0th October, 1894, as compared with the same period last year, but the week ending Oth October, 1804, inoluded Sunday, 80th September, on which corresponding date in 1893 £101,120 was collcotod. There was consequently a nominal decrease in the revenue last week of £80,451. From the 1st Jnanary to .the O th October, 1894, the revenue shows a net decrease of £114,021 as comnpared with last year. Mrs. Bishop writes as follows of the ways of'the Corean Govrcnment in the S1. James' Gacllo :-" Of courso the whole business is like a burlesque. The Government of this ceuntryis a funny one. The only European not paid by the ustoms who gets his pay regularlyis the eleotriocan at the Pslaoe. The IKing and all his Court are so afraid of ghosts that they sit up all night. There are sorcerers -and the electrio light Iale--to keep off the gh'osts. If the eleorioian's pay falls into arroar tho light apparatus breaks down, and oianot be rpaireod until he is paid up." A large gathering was again attractod to the Sbakspoariuon Fair at ithe Masonic HalU last evouing. . The variolus articles were dlis posed of io.a manner giving sntisfuotion to nil. During the evening Miss O'Mei'a sang "Forget " in her best style, for which she received deserved applause, and. Miss Ellis with her selection, "I was dreamnlog," was most succesftul. The fairy dance and floral march by the children was also repeated, and the children eppeared to lhave much improved by their practice. Varlous side shows wore well patronised, and notwithstanding the countor attraotions last night was a very suo cessful one for the fair. There is a project for shortening the passage , from England to Ireland so as.to reduce the time to an.hour and a half or a little more. The route chosen for this purposeao is from Fihguard in Pembrokeshiro to Ilallilngeary, near Wexford, Flishguard is in conueotion, with the Great 'Western Rtlway system, as. lBallingoary I. with the Great Southern and . Western and the Southern systems of Ire land. It is said that the Cautdian Govern ment will utiliso this route, the potenltialitios of which are very groat, while the Duke of' Devonshire, who is largely conneouted with. railway outerprho and ship.building, is steid to be one of its promoters and supportors. WVin havo r·oociveod fromn ver. Willinamn Patrlick a letter stating that, in his opinion, a fill and complete account of the troubles at Gretahans not yet been given, The Govern nmout is, he states, aiding the proprietors and usingt all monats for this purpose, instead off cniusing an inquiry and trying to adjusts. matters, or elso passing a short bill coru, polling arbitration. If the ircptietorts roffus, to arbitrate leot them pay for ple protection. Instead of seeking to do ustlo betwotseen capital and labour theiy are ausistint, the propritotrs to import intto, Grotru an uindeslridble strata of mankltnd, Mr, Patolok states he visited the camnp, and.spoala in most uctomtplimottury terms of the moen the saw there, He foers that the wives and olildironof the resldoets will not duroeto leave, the streets even in day, and at night willlnot' daie to leave their honmes, He iltso.taklsorO. ooption to the personal habits of the now nomers, to the ftat that they are campedd ot lessO titan half ait tare of ltnd without a ehatigo of clothes, and fears that their oon ditioant may lead to an ontbreak of, ltfaloaus diseoso. Mr, Patricklo hopes that for titho~gro tcotion of Greta wives and children, andi the sake of cnunomn ducenoy, the authorities' will order the polleo not to allow'theam c the' townsthip. Moessrs. Oroer end Borkeley wdll sell by itotion thise 'morning, at their roorma house. htold furniture. At the railway goodasshores this afternoon Mr. J, N, Brlrnkor will sell by auction hay, barley, and fliewood, 