[?] ".Anotkeb CitaNOEi'lE-Wo/afplnforined that ; Ithoso'who wiah to securd an interost in.Tatter-/ Bull'a Conaultation ori tho Quoenslarid Clip must ' " > sflotU'o''tiokots"at'-'oiioeV as- it'will bo' closed to- morrow night) ; . . . , .-... /. ' "-The best vaxue." . Nover mind what other . folks say, soauro a copy of tho Christriiaslnum- hor of the lFrri, and judge for yourselves ; '48 ;./.-., pages for 3d., illustrated. - Will bo publisliod Friday woek. If you want anytliing, try our cheap pippaid advertising /columns, the most popular adver-' - tising medium in Quoensland ; fifteen wdrds, . ' threo insertions, for /one shilling. -See special advertisement.' .-' Admibai, BowDEN-Surni says that / that old tub, ifoe Katooriiba, has uot devoloped struo- tural defoots, and is riot leaking. . HxJEBAn ! , Horo it comes ! The Christmas' edition of the- Week.- Order curly, to prevent disappointment. Only threepence per copy. Mb; Albeet J. Hanson, though now resi dent in England, whoro he is pursuing liis. studies, continues , to show regularly at tho Sydney Art Socioty's yearly exhibition. He lias just roooived tho honour, of olootion . ns a member of tho. Royal British Society of . Artists in London. It appears that there wore only 10 vacaneios, and that tho applications . . from artists numbored 136, so thut this young Aiistrullun has boon specially honoured. The following story is .told as illustrating ths Polynesian' conception of imprisomriont as a punishmorit: — ' A XANANA rooontly returned tp Maokay, loolst ing fat and hoal.thy, after aorving two years and when asked by his mates where , ho1 liaj beon, ho repliod : " Oh me'boen work'alongq Govornmont. Plenty lri-ki (tuoker), plentj blanket, no too much work. Byrabyo.-two year finish mo break 'em agreement come along 'Maokay." . With a view to providing an amplo nnd ohoup supply of fish in Sydnoy. a reform of the market system is adyooated, together with the- establishment of a fishing sohool on the train ing ship Sohrnon, in whioh. a olassof boys would roooivo instruction from competent tonuhars iu 'deopsea fishing on seagoing boats fitted with modern appliances and gear. A rnivATB telegram received in Barcaldhio from Blaokall states that 14 rabbits wero seen nt'Boroo Crook, about 6 iniles from town, tho other week. Ike Brisbane Grammar Sohool orioket team, won thoir match against the Maryborough school team on tho first innings by 8 runs. Captain Dkake, noting naval commandant has gono on to Cairns. In a woman's handwriting we have a let'tor strongly approving consultations. And as strongly condemning late in tho cveuing walks by young men and young women. Oub correspondent seoms undeoided whether it is tho work of tho clergy or the poliiio to effect a reform. Include tho Christmas edition of tho Week among your Christmas boxes to distant friends. You cannot do bettor. Published on December .14. s The Board of Waterworks have decided to lay a 9-inoh pipo down to tho Post Offico. . It is to he hoped that this is the first instal ment towards laying suitable watermains in the lowor part of tho city. Pon yours Superintendent Hinton has .boon hammering away trying to get .the Board oi Waterworks to put down suitable mains in that part of tho town. That dead tramway horse has proved a spritt of contention to tlio l''ira Brigade Board. 'Evebyuow and thon his ghost hobs up serenely and overshadows everything elso at the meotings. Yesteeday a breezy fivo minutos ocourrcd between Finnoy and Porter ovor tho defunct animal. Several women contributed considerably to tho work of tho magistrate at tho city summons court tho other day. ' -And also to tho lining of tlio pookets of thi lawyers, Two womon had interests in three cases. It is something like this : " You hit me and I'll hit yoti" ; « You summon mo aud I will summon you." And so tho lawyers thrive. , Several complete stories and a budget of sousounblo reading, in addition to all tlio local news of tho wook, will ho found in thp Christ mas edition of tho Week, to ho published ou Dccembor 14. At the sitting of tho Full Court yesterday, Mr. Justico Real said there could not bo brauohos of nn individual. What about olivo brnnoheB ? Two barristers and six solicitors wero added to tho rolls yesterday, hut what aro thoy oU going to do V If reports aro to ho believed briefless barris ters urn olientlcss solicitors are too numerous now. Amm half an hour's disonssion pn tliobenoh yostorday, tho Full Court reserved judgment in tho cttsQ of Region v. Connoll. Tim court then adjourned, hut did not resume until nearly throe-quurters of an hour aftor the usual time. , The Christmas edition of tho Wtek will hs published on Docomber 14. Agents, order early. _ Mn. Gees ley Lukin lias oharge of tho Wel lington J'ost (Now Zonland) .dnriug tho nhsonce on slok louvo of tho editor, Mr. E. 1'. Gillon. The Now South Wales railway wool trafflo is oxpoctod to show uu increaso of quite 70,000 bales ovor that ef last year. A Muttadubha. correspondent of a contem porary writes : Tho most exoiting ovent this woek whs a fight between Mr. Lake's dog Priiioo and Mr. Sowdon's Ponto, but towards tho oloso of a wcU- contostcd battle a represen tative of the law, who hails from tho south, iniulo an ouorgotio onslaught on tho fightirig -dogs with uu old bluchor boot and separated thom. The editor of tho Worker, when at -Baroal dine, mado tho following Btatomonts on the' question of tho supply of sheop shears : — - " My idea is that tho unions should, buy the wholo of tho shears required for . ono season, oulliog for tenders and samples from tho princi pal mukors. und making a contract for tho . supply of, say, 20,000 annually. 1 1 think a large quantity could he purohased at something liko Is. Od. a pair, and thoy would hp ' sold to tho shearer at 2s. Od. a pair, and a profit thus mado by tbo union, amounting to Is. a pair or thereabouts." .' SrEAKiNO at Rosobank, yesterday, Cardinal ' Mornli recommended tho cold water pump as-a cure for spook disease and as a defence against triokstors. This indicates plainly what tho Cardinal thinks of spiritualism and spirit mediums./ ' Tns postage on tho Christinas edition of tho If celt to any address in tlio colonies will bo one ' halfpenny. Boyond tho colonies it will be twopcnco. V 