A TALE OF TASMANIA. By C.Pv.G. _JLnere are more things in heaven and earth; Horatio, than are dreamt of in j'our philo sophy.—Shakspeare. I may preface the following true story by stating that I have not, and never had, any belief in the supernatural. Spirits—unless in a lignid state—I reckon bit! the myths of the superstitions : spiritualism I estimate as arrant humbug,and theso-ealiedsupematural appearances and extraordinary “manifesta tions' ’ of which we hear so much merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular pheno mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, et hoc genu.' oar,a, are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily accounted for by tho36 who dip deeply into scientific lore, or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fra ternity that I would as lief sleep in a church yard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tomb stone for a pillow; and feel sure that no respectable ghost would resent my in trusion into the neighborhood of his prison T5ut I am, of course, open to convic tion. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just so soon as they will consent to give over such schoolboy pranks as rap ping table legs, clashing musical instruments, etc., and will volunteer to do something useful to humanity, such, for in stance, as to give a hard-up pressman the straight tip for the next Melbourne Cup. An amiable and well trained bona fide ghost might . be made extremely usciul in many ways. On the staff of an evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would be worth untold gold— wonld, in fact, prove a mine of wealth worth half a dozen Coolgardies. Fancy being able, by spirit express, to give a couple of colums of illustrated description of the wreck ef the Alert half an hour after—or for the matter of that, half an hour before—it happened, with a full list of the men’s names and their photographs ! Or, to give the fnll scores of our boys’ cricket matches in England before thoy were played. From a utilitarian point of view it is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every sucoess in their overtures to mortals, instead of whioh they have only contrived hitherto to make them selves extremely ridiculous and untrustworthy. If, as I said before, one of them will give me the Cup tip I will promise with my winnings to found a “ Spirits’ Retreat ” somewhere in Bouverie street, and undertake to provide the poor perturbed spirits with ohairs, tables, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe iu the libels written about Australian pronunciation._ The time was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds covered the firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral < pall. A fitting time and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, and my only thought was to get home to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. 1 I was riding homewards from a country house known as “ The Bend” (not the Yarra Bend, incredulous reader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to a 5 hand gallop, and ju6t as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious ! Torrents of rain descended—each drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder succeededeach other with startlingand.deafen ing* rapidity, and ilaaii qftar_flaali. nf sheet lightning at intervals of a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath—so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either side of me. There was no room for even a Bheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. In fact it was not once in six months that anybody ever rode along the path; it ' was (merely intended for foot passengers, and I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching. About half way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than uBual lit _ up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lightning’s flash enabled me to Bee everything cloarly. The man was mounted on a grey horse, and was dressed in a light grey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overcoat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not be cause of any superstitious fear, but simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and bone, like myself and my steed, and knew that under the oir- ! comstances a collision was inevitable. We were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or of pulling up our horses. We were as certain to run into each other as the Camperdown into the Victoria when Admiral Tryon gave his fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shock. A couple of seconds susnense and nothing happening, I opened them again. Another flash of lightning came, and lo! my horseman had disappeared, and I could see right up the straight lane to the white gate at the end. I pulled up, turned round and at the next flash looked back whence I had come. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields on either side of the gorse hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of simple bewilderment. The horseman must have called at the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but enquiry there only intensified the mystery, as no one had called Bince I left five hours previously. and the gate was, as usual, seonrely padlocked for the lane was a private one and “no thoroughfare ” to the general public. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live ghost. 