KATIE GUT STRUCK ON THE STAGE. Arrah, Mr3. Ryan, no wondher Qi'm cryin', 'Tis ttiroublo O'im harm' av lato. How kiu 01 bo uisy whin O'im almoslh drur crazy Along o' me big daughter Kato. Suro, tho way alio is actin' is fairly dis- thractin' ; She's caught th' t'oatrical rage j As O'im a lone widder there's no livin' wid lior Since Katie got stbruck on the stage. She's at th' t'caytor till .midnight or later. Comes home wid a tongh lookin' beau ; She Baya she's a " anpe" in'anopofay'troupo— Pliat dat is Oi'm sure Oi don't know. He tells her that yet eho will bo a soubretto, : Though the colleen isn't yet av ago. Ska .wiil be an actor — Oi've lostli mo oharaoktor __ Since Katie got sthrack on tho stago. Ooh ! nobody knows bow she uses me olotbes, A-mskiu' thorn into costhooma ; From -morniu' till night me poor house is a sight . Wid her sceno- sottin in all th' rooms. Her fayther'a old britches sho oats an' she stitches Togot herself up loiko a " pago." Ooh, mnrther ! thim pages, they drissos ont- . l-ngeous. Bat she says its theslhoyle on the stago. She schares me to death wid the scones from " Macbeth " ' Whin I'm afther a-goin to shleep, For thin she' comes welkin.' an' awfully talkin', 'Till the chills up me backbone do oreep ; She makes such a pother wid tho " ghost of mo father," And tells me, "Avannt ! quit hor soigbt," Until, saints preserve ua, I do be thot nervous, Oi oan't shleep a wink all the noight. She says she will shine in the very front line, and dance in the oaloium'a glu.ro, While all the old beaux in the bald-headod rows ' Through thoir oporay glasses will slhare. Sho says her now tights is " clean out or sight," And that sho will bo " all the rage," All the girls iri our alley aro danoing tho ballay . - Since Kalio gob struok on tho stage. , She wauoe ran away with an opry bouffay. Got sthraudod in Kalamazoo It took ivry oint I had, saved for the riufc To pay her'way homo— now, Unit's thruo ! - Bnt athill th' poor cliild, eho is porfeoliy wild; . Oi t'ink Oi will buy me a.cago, An' lock her up in it till thot blisscd minute ... Whin Katie gets sick av the stago. 