SNOWBALL. [Bt the Author of ' Paulina. Lisle.'] PART »V. 'Marriage is a desperate thitiR. The Irogs in JRiop were extremely wise; they had a fireat mind to Borne water, but they would not leap mto a well, because they could uot get out CHAPTER XXIX. MY LADY VALENTIN E. A spriug evening; April stars banning to pierce through the blue one by one ; a silvery haze over yonder aloave tho firs, showing -where the moon means to riue presently. An air like velvet, a soft southerly breeze stirring in the elms and chestnuts, and bending to kias the sw^eafc hidden violets and anemones as it flutters by. Down in a thorn- bush near the keeper's gate a nightingale ia , singing, and everything else that flies and twitters holds its breath CD hear. So, too, doea the stout unromanfcic-lookitig woman who leans across the gate, watching and waiting and rather anxious, but charmed as well by the wonderful flow of bird music. Anxiety, however, soon gets the better of her again, and she peers down the long white strip of ?wood, bending her- ear to catch the sound she I listens for. But only the nightingale's song breaks the sylvan stillness o£ the sweet spring evening. 'foate again,' she says to herself; 'I guessed she would be. And Miss Valentine, she's such'aonc to nag if the poor dear is five minuces past the time. I wish the cross old cat was furder — i do.' She giances apprehensively over her shoulder as she sajs it, not quite sure that Miss Dorothy ''Kalentine may not pounce upon her, as rapidly and soundlessly as the f«line t) which she has compared aer. But she and Philomel seem to have at all to themselves. The lofty trees aud ?broad acres of the park spread around her; down ?Siere it is a louely spot where even Miss Yalentine, , vho is omni- present, never comes. Over yonder peep the gables of the house, Manor Valentine, sparkling all along its sombre btiuk front, with many lights. It is on ugly, old-fashioned mansion of 'Queen Anne's time — once red, of a dull, warmish-brown . tint now, that contrasts very well with the green of the ivy that overruns most of it, and softens and tones down the gaunt grimness of its stiff and angular outlines. It ha3 pointed gables, and great stacks of chimneys, and quaintly-timbered porches ?—in summer time, very bowers of wild- rose and honeysuckle. It has old-fashioned, prim Dutch gardens, kept at present with care, but left to run riot in the days of the late baronet, and all the old fashioned, sweet-smelling flowers that ever bloomed, grow in beanty side by Eide. And here in the park are magnificent copper beeshes, great green elms, branching o»kp, and a world of fern and bracken ?waving below. This primeval forest of untouched timber ia the delight of Sir Vace Valentiue's life. Poor as Sir Rupert ever was, all these wonderful woods of Valentine were undeseerated by the axe. He held \- these family dryads eacred, and left them in their lofty beauty unfelled. Fallen from its once high estate no doubt it is; bat even in these latter day3 of decadence, Manor Valentine is a heritage to be proud of. Its present lord -is proud of it — of every tradition of the old house, of every black and grim family portrait, of ? ' every tree in the stately demesne, of every queer, ( - unfashionable flower in the Queen Anne gardens. 1 These quaint gardens shall grow and flourish un disturbed: he has decreed it. There may be orchid houses, and an acre under .glass, and ferneries to the heart's content of his sister and cousin; but all elso fhall remain— a standing memorial of by-gone days, and dead and buried dames. And here in the park, leaning over the gate, looking at the nioonrise and listening to -the nightingale, stands faithful Jemima Ann, wait ing for h»r sovereign lady to come home. Some thing of the fidelity of a dog, of the wistfulness of a dog's eyes, looks out of hers as she stands, with her face ever expectantly turned one way; and all ?the loyalty, all fchie love without question and with out stint, of a dog, is there. ' T wish she would come,' she keepfe whispering , to herself. ' Miss Valentine wili jaw, and Sir Vane he'll scowl blaeker'n midnight, and tfiat there dratted Miss Routh, she'll sneer and say, ' Bogged again ? Ah, I thought bo !' aud laugh that nasty, aggravating little laugh o' her'n. An' scoldin', an' scowlin', an' sneerin' is what my precious pet never ?was need to before she went and throwed herself away— worse luck ! — on sich as him.' Again she glances back apprehensively over her -shoulder. Miss Valentine has an uncomfortable ?way of pouDcing upon her victims at short range, at inopportune moments, and ia the most unlikely .places. Jemima Ann would not be surprised to see cher glide, ghost-like, out from among the copper beeches down th-jre, nil grim and wrathful, and f.f-rimed with rating to the muzzle. An austere ?virgin is Mistress Dorothy Valentine, even with her lamp ' well trimmed and burning,' and the house hold here at the Manor ia ruled with a vestal rod of iron. A stable clock, high up in a breezy turret among the i- trees, strikes nine. But it is not dark. A misty twilight, through which the rnoon, Like a silver ship, sails, veils the greon world. Jemima Anp, however, hears, and auxiety turns to agony. ?'(I wish— T wish ehs would come,' she eiies out, ' ? in snch vehemence of desire that the wish seems to bring about its own fulfilment. Afar -j£ comes the rapid tread of a horse's hoof a down the road, and in a moment, dashiug up the 2-ridlct pa*'h, the horse and rider phe looks for come. She hasj just time to dart back when both horse and aider-fly over the low gate, then with a laugh the ?big hlack horse is pullod down on his hind legs, -?there is a flourish in space of two iron front hoofp, 'thenthe rider, still laughing, leaus over to where, under the tree?, Jemima Ann has sought sanc ?iuary. 'It is.yoxx, Jemima Ann,' she Fay3. »? tie, Miss Snowball/' answers a panting voice, 'it's .me. I thought you'd never come. I wish you would not; vj.ump over gates, Miss Snowball. You'lLkill yourseK. I declare, it gives me such a -iurn every time you do it ? -' ' ? The young lady laughs again, springs lightly .down, and with the&iidle; over her arm, gathers up . Sier long riding-habit- with the other hand. 'Bogged,, as usual,. you, eee, Jemima/' sue says, ruefully, 'aud in for bteck lookf;, as .usual, if I am ?caught. I ttmn-'t be caught. I'll steal u& the back way, and into your sanctum., you dear oJd solemn Jemima, and yoa shall fetch me down an evening drees, and I will repair damages, and no.o.ne .be the ?wisflr. Have you linen waiting; loag ?' ' Nearly an hemr. Miss SnowfriJl. It's jusfc gone nine.' ' Ib it ! You RG3 I carry no watch, and--' glancing up with quick look of aversion at the house— 'I am never in a burry to corae back, Bave I been missed ?' careless'?. ' t ' Yes, mi6B. Mies' Valentine asked me where you was, and looked crcBs.' ' It in Miss Valentine's habit to look cross, my Jemima. Any one else P' ' Well,' reluctantly, ' Sir Vane ? ' ' Ye?. Sir Vane— go on.' ' He kind o' cussed like, between his teeth sorter, when he heerd y'd gone without 'the groom. He said folks hereabouts would think he'd up and married a wild Injun— always a-gallopin' break neck over the country, without so much as a ser vant. He said,' hesitatingly, ' he'd put a stop to sieh goin's on, or to know the reason, why.' ' Ah !' slowly, ' did he say all this to you ?' ' Kind o' to me— kind o' to himself. But I allowed he wanted me to hear it, and tell you.' ' Which you are faithfully doing,' says Sir Vane's wife, with a laugh that has rather a bitter ring. ' And Miss Dorothy — was she drinking in all this eloquence ?' ' She was there. Yes, Miss Snowball.' ' And Miss Eouth ? — the family circle would nofc be complete without this lovely Camilla.' ' Miss Camilla was in the drawing-room. She has company— the kirnnl. Don't you see all the front windows lit — and hark to the singing — that's her at the piannes. I guess that was why Sir Vane was put out at your being away — tho kirnnl came prorniscus with some other officers, and it made him mad 'cause you wasn't in to dinner. The gentlemen is in the dining-room yet, drinking wine.' 'Officers — Miss Roufch's friends — odd that Sir Vane should invite them to dinner. How many are there, Jemima ?' ' Three. I heerd Miss Eouth call one of them ' my lord.' If you dress in my room, Miss Snowball, what shall I bring you down ?' ' I don't earn a pin, Jemima — it does not matter. With the beauteous Camilla to look at my mo3t ravishing toilet would be but love's labour lost. Bring down anything you chance to light on — the dress I wore yesterday, for instance. But first, as I hare missed my dinner, it seems, and am hungry, you shall bring me some coffee and chicken, or pate, or anything good you can get — there is no use in facing misfortune starving. Lock your door, and admit no one for the next three-quarters of an hour, though the whole Valentine family should besiege it in force.' She takes a siiJe entrance, runs lightly up a stair, along a dimly-lit passage, and into the small sitting-room reserved for the use of my lady's maid — for the use of my lady herself. Often enough it is her harbour of refnge in troubled times, the only room amons; the many the big house contains in which she ever feels remotely ' at home.' In the long and frequent hours of heart-sickness, home sickness, sad disappointment, Bharply wounded pride, bitter regret, she comes here, and with all the world shut out., bears the bitterness of her terrible mistake, her loveless marriage, in silence and alone. It is but a small room, cozy and carpeted, and there are books, aod flowers, and pictures, and needlework, and the few relics of the old life, Dolores, Lady Valentine, has brought with her from Rome. It is all the cozier now, for the wood fire that burns and sparkles cheerily, and the little rocking-chair that sways invitingly before it. Miss Dorothy has uplif fced voice, and hands, and eyes in protest against so luxurious a chamber being given to a waiting-maid, but though Miss Dorothy is the supreme power behind the throne, and mistress of the Manor, Sir Vane's young wife has shown she can assert herself when she chooses. 'Jemima Ann 13 my friend. You understand, Miss Valentine ? Something more than my maid. Her sitting-room — mine, when I feel like it, as well — is to be pretty.' And pratfcy it is. As a rule, Lady Valentine lets 'hiogs go; it is not worth while, she says, wearily; life will not be woith. the living if it is to be lived in a perpetual wrangle. Let Mies Dorothy do as she pleases. When one has made direct shipwreck of one's life, it is hardly worth the trouble of quarrelling over the flotsam and jetsam. And Miss Dorothy does do aB she; pleases, with a very high hand. And so ib comes that Sir Vane's bride flies here as to the 'shadow of a great rock in a weary land,' oftener and more often, or mounts her black horse and flies over the hills and far away, out of reach of Miss Dorothy's rasping tones. Safe in this harbour of refuge, Jc-mima Ann leaves her-mistres3, locking the door after her, according to orders, and goes for the coffee and accompaniments. Dolores stnnds by the fire, holding her riding, iog-whip in her hand, her long, mudded habit trailing behind her, her eyes on the fire. She has thrown off her hat, and the fire-shine falls full upon her, standing quite still, and very thoughtful here. Look at fcer. It is seven months since her wedding-day — as many years might have passed, and not wrought so striking a change here. She looks taller than of old, and, ii seems, even more slender, but that may be due to the long, tightly fitting habit. Her face ia certainly thinner, with an expression of dignity and gravity that it never used to wear. All the old sparkling, child-like brightness is gone, or flashes out so rarely as to render its absence more conspicuous. A look, not quite of either hardneBS or defiance, and yet. akin to both, eets her mouth — the look of one whom those about her force to hold her own, the look of one habitually misunder stood. All the bounteous golden hair, that of old fell free, is twisted in shining coils tightly around the small, deer-like head. The golden lock?, like the fair one who wears them, have lost their sunny freedom forever. She has tasted of the fruit of the tree of knowledge, and found it bitter. The old sparkle, the old joyou3 life of love, and trust in all things and creatures, is at an end for ever. Snowball Trillon — Dolores Macdonald — have gone, never co return ; and left in place this rather proud-looking, thia reserved and self-poised Lady Valentine. The fair head holds itself well up — defiantly, a stranger might think; the blue eyes are watchful, as of one ever on guard. But pride and defiance alike drop from her as she stands here alone — a great fixed sadness only re tnuins. The iblne eyes tbnfc gaze at the leaping light are strangely mournful, the sensitive lips lore thoir haughty ourve and droop. She has made a great, a bitter, arc irreparable mistake. She has bouad herself for life to a tyrant, a harsh, loveless household despot, a man whose heart— such as ifc is — is cow, and ever has been, in the keeping of CtimtUa Eouth. She has made her sacrifice, and made it in .vain, that a man, mercenary and money loving, anight have the Valentine fortune. She has thought to learn to love him, as she thought that he loved her — sJie knows that love never has, and never will, enter the unnatural compact. She has made, ao many women before her have made, a fatal mistake; in marrying Sir Vane Valentine she has done a wrong that her whole life can Eever undo. (To be continued.) At iite forthcoming mid- ivinter fair to be held at San Francisco, there will be a- colossal electric tower, S25tt. in height, designed so ao to throw out Eufficieufc light to illuminate the whole valley at night. 