Shal espeearc s Ilnamlet. : The tragedy was first publfsied in 1603. It was parnty lounded on a work by Saxo Gramations, a Danish historian. Shakes peare has given no several editions, each time endeavoring to make the play more perleot. The principal characters of this drama are formed of tha royalty of penmark. In the political management, the Danish crown is the object sought. To gain it, Claudius com miss murder on the person of his brother, by pouring into his ear a slow but deadly poison. Hodson states that the queen was no accom plice in the matter, and perhaps had no sus. picion of it. But she deceived the king, her former husband and Hamlet's father, and in her inteview with Hamlet sho partly con. feaed her guilt. Ruskin says: "In Shakespeare the catas. trophe of every play is causaed always by the folly or fault of a man ; the redemption, it there be any, is by the wisdom and virtue of a woman, and failing that, there is none I" Ulaudius, it is true, did commit the murder, hut he knew, beforehand, that by this actsa ha could marry the queen and thus gain posses. sion of the coveted crown. The leading sharasteristics of the tragedy is Hamlet's madness. The murder of his father and the guilt of his mother seemed to pray ceaselessly on his mind; thongh he was notproclaimed to be mad untilalter his in. te visw with the ghost. This seems to be an " ef his murdered father, and is thought, by some, ralvision ol Hamlet'eimagination. Herelates to him the dark history of howhe was mour dered; that while sleeping in his garden, on. conscious of evil, Clandius had stolen upon him and administered a poison which had the effect of a serpent's sting; and by his brother's handihe had at once lost life, crown, and queen. It seems that Hamlet had ns pected this, but had kept silent. The ghost enjoined upon him two things: first, that he must revenge the murder; second, that however he pursued his revenge, he most not stain his soul or taint his conscienoe; yet he leaves to his own judgment how this must be done. In the closet scene with his mother, the ghost would appear to hbe purely imaginary, for it speaks to Hamlet, andhe draws her at tention directly to it, yet she neither sees nor hears it. Some Shakeeperian tragedians treat this as an expression of a distempered mind, wherein Hamlet reproaches himself for his tardiness in revenging the murder; which act he does not perform until just before his own death.. Undoubtedly Hamlet saw. the inevitable harm that would come to him if he murdered the king without some justification of the act. The people of Denmark would not suffer the murderer of their king to go unpunished. Hudson says: "Shakespeare portrays many great criminals, men and women, too who for awhile ride in triumph over virtue wronged, and he always brings them to punishment, eso far as this world can punish them. But he never in a single instance does this till their crimes ae laid open to the world so that all about them reoognios the justice of their fats." The crities have spent much labor onthe question of Hamlet's madness, as to whether he was or was not mad; yet the evidence is so strong both ways that a decision has never been fully rgreed upon. Hamlet appears to be perfectly rational when with Horatio. He confides to him all his sorrows and his plans, and asks only his assistance. Horatio is one of Shakespeare's noblest oharacters, honest, candid, and true till death. Those concerned in the play truly believo Hamlet mad, with the exception of the kinq, whose guilty conscience tells him the malady is only feigned to conceal some secret one. pose for he knows that Hamlet suspects the Crime. In his interview with Ophelia, Hamlet seems sane enough. He suspects that she has been sent to him with some cralty de sign, and that they are watched and listened to; he rails at her and frames his speech so as to deceive the eavesdroppers as well This betrays wonderful presence of mind and con. trol of will for one whose mental powers are deranged. It is not until she tells him a falsehood that his rage breaks forth. When he sees the king at prayers, he is tempted to kill him on the spot; yet with his powerful will, resolutely refrains from doing so. Tke most pathetic and touching part of the drama is the grief of Ophelia. She does not rave, and there lies thepathos. Here is a sad, quiet madness that speaks of the sorrowing soul within, and tells better the tale of woo than couldany raving demonstration. A superhuman power calmly works out the contending, conflicting purposes, the baffled aims and disappointed hopes, of these weak human agents, thereby teaching us that a Divine Providence guards and guides the schemes of frail humanity. Hamlet does not perform the mission of his life till just before it ends. The king, who had been secretly working against him, prevares a cup of wine containing poison, which he invites him to drink; but Hamlet suspects the treachery, and the king is baffled. He has also enven omed the point of Laertes'- sword. to. be plunged remorselessly into Hamlet's heart but by the intricate working of things it enters his own instead. Hamlet dies in the arms of Horatio. Every thing is worked out in his favor, and he at last performs his duty in a way that leaves his character unsullied and his soul un. stained. "And that should teach on There is a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough.hew them howwe will." - 