::-.WAS IT A GRO;yT THEY SAW, e Mrs, H. ., Jenninsge lives atNo, 211, ?.- Main Straet, iBridgeport, and Miss " linnio Parrott boards with her, The houaeis an old one, but in good order, .'One night early in Decumber (Il9L) the we womenlockedalltho dois and went to the hotitre, leaving no a esout u the house, They left the gas burning, however, in the fLout parlour. At about.half past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they wont intothe parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second Ilghl in the middle of the room. stood a dark man of Sgigantic stature. Tiro upper part of hias :,22, was concealed by a mask, his eyes : gTaming through th o)r~holce iu it, His " shirt aleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old faseioned pistol. The women fled screaming from -the room, and when Mr. Jenniugs came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely looked. Wh~at was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American frend, " I had slept Sbidly for several successive nights. Un the fourth of thess nights about two o'clook, I. was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed hlike the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as abshe looked fivly years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which lourney she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old Swomen gossips said it was a summons and' I would never get well, Yet I did, and am in perfeot health now, I believe- that vilson came of my weak nerves, for l've neverseen it snc, and it's more that Sthree years ago now," No doubt it -was the nervee. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system ie out of condition, In March, ??9o, it was, that MIrs, Jano Foster, of .arracott Boad, Pokeedown, Hante, wrote us as follows : "I weeas so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in. theroom with me, yet I Sdid not wish them far away in see I' should call out for help. Thia was in Juno, 1880. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed, There was often a severe pain in my head and over my oyce, and I was aiclk most of the time. ly skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain oven that on my·'..etomah. By.thie time I was nothing but skin and bone, My memory coompletely failed, My head aohed so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends fgreed that I would never got better, "I had given up all hope/ when one day Mrs West of lJournemouth, oalled and asked what I was tklis'. bho told me she was herself onco lust as badly off, and was . outed by hMothor Seigol'e Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have eo much faith n this medicine, I tried it and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week r went down downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I oau eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left a." Tho malady Mrs, Feostdr sufifered from ,ae indigestion and dyspeplai and nervous prostration, The origiual ouse was grief and shook at the violent death of her huo band, by accident, and the system rallid only when the iyrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus led and toned the Snerpe . : ~? Watever may be your opinion of the ?j.?dieport ghost, it remains true that most F?lfncanny visions and sounds mean nothin a.e or loes than a set of nerves all upset idigestioi and dyspapsia, Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when hMother Saigol's Syrup does Its work the eyes and the ears onter tain only what is natural and wholesome, "'?:arley Bree" whisky, old and matured, 40s"e"r doe,-Turnor & Go., Imeorters, 84 Susser street, Sydney. STurner's Invalid's Port, ordered by the SYFacultya nourishing and strenugthbning; for invlide and all who require an in vigorating stimulant can be confidently rooeommondod; 42a per doe.-Turnor & Co., Wine Merohants. 4 Sussex ,treot; Sydney Beautiful serge or tweed suits made to order, three guineas, ,,ct Downs' nosw tailoring oatablhehmeat5 Torralong stroot, 