Passing Notes. A certain section of Sydney society has been in the throes of a spiritualistic sensation of more than ordinnry in terest. A Mrs Mellon has been the medium, or heroine, or whatever it may bo described as, for the medium bat been so mixed up with apparitions, unown Dy sucq Dames as Sissy and I Geordie that its difficult to say what is wl;at, ur who ia who. Anyho-w there bos been something which looks like tho exposure of an imposition, on the part of :Mr Henry, who attempting at a seanco at 'Wollhara to catch, hold of a ghost found himself instead clasp ing tho medium. It is a curious illus tration, ia this jWholo affair, of the value of evidence. The supposed ex posure was enacted with the gas turned up, before tho ejes of a dozen, or more, sober witnesses, and yet with the exieption of the man who clasped tho waist of the lady medium they oil, or nearly all, stem to remain consistent behevors. Mr Heury assorts in the popeis that ho saw a false b°nrd, and sundrj yards of muslin nnd other theatrical properties, by which they had been duped, Mrs Mellon replies, why then did you not secure them? Where aro they ? Why did not othors observo theui ? Iler remarkable method seems to settle tho whole con troversy among out and out spiritual ists ; they say that tho 'spook ' ap i pnritioiis or whntovor they are, evolve themselves out of tho personality of the medium. The writer, like a good many other people thanks his stars thai his hotter -half is not a medium, out of whoBO seances ornmplo propor tions, thero might be evolved no end of 'spooks.' * # * It seems that ns tho result of last week's theatrical feto iu Sydney thero is now availnble something undor £1000, and the astonishing trouble is how to divido it, or what to do witti it. Thero is already some talk of starting a fund with some balanco to bo re served. It is to bo hoped, however, that tho good folk who have tho mattor in hand will ]nst |squnroly divided it, as nearly as possible among hnrJ-up theatricals, nnd mnlto an ond of tho whole thing. This lookir g forward to tho future in tho matter of moneys contributed by tho public for chari tablo objocts, has damped the gono rosity of hundreds. Memory recalls a number of similar far-sightud scbomes on the part of cautious dispensers of tho public bounty, that a good inanv would wish to forget. The gigantic muddlo that was made of the Queens land Floods Hehet Euud is a case m point. No, too rnonoy has been gatherod for a specifiu purpose, and it ought to be apportioned &t; once in lump sums, and bo done with it. - j * ? '? ; # -* v; Sydney is just now up to its eyes in 1 military matters. It came about in this way. Down in Melbourne tlio clanking of swords, Ac, and the remounting of guns, and mustering of soldiery, has been giving the new Go vernment quite a stirring time. Nothing ir more catching, than' this sort of thing, and some how lieid took tho fever through reading n' warlike tolegiatn fri m Turner. As the N. S Wales Premier wned down to Mel bi'inw about a Pedernl scheme of de fence, und beto'e we knew wlu'ie we were, an importuno coiiferenco of Australian commandants was m ses sion, and actually fixed up in 3G hours. Haw's that -now. for Napolean swift ness of action ? A Bcheme of Major General. Ilutton for a federation of tho military forces of Australia is under discussion at the present, and as the uowb is being cabled to the four quar ters \\)F the compass, (lie ivholo Word in no doubt shaking its shoes. Ah ! wo aro a great people in Australia. ? * * It's becoming absolutely cortiin that tho paesent Parliament is . not nearly aB radical and revolutionary as a good tnnny people thought. Tho fact is that tho Georgo in office and tho George out of office aro two very dif ferent poople. Plowery adjectives, and radical high falutin, sit very lightly on the candidate for parlia mentary honors, but its another mat ter when tho responsibilities of actual membership, and the respectability at tached to the regular receipt of £300 a year have steadied him. The idea of re-electing Ministers of the Crown after their acceptance of office was held in division quito recently, „but poor Mr. i'egan found but poor sup port when he ondeavoured this week to get a bill passed to do away with these re-elections. The ,way Sir. Henry handled ancient history was a caution, and even solidarity labor members, who had that case of a labor Postmaster General iu their eye op posed the bill. Tho Premier opposed it, and his colleagues at the Bame time, were in favour of' it, pro bably not most wisely, and the whole affair was as mixed up and in explicable as some other things that have recently happened. Anyhow the wind up was only 26 for tho Bill and 51 against it. So Parkes breathes freely again, for once more he has saved the constitution. However^it still remains a fact that this old usage has been abolished in other colonies to the great saving of time and money with out any ill effect. But then you see Parkes was not there to quote history or they never would have done it. # ' » * Ti. ? ? l_.l ?V-i... 41 ? J.G is sepurtenniiiic iu.ru. x aius, LI1U N. Z. Lady Mayor (or as some wicked wngs call her in hor own country, 'The Screaming SiBter') is about to pay a visit to Sydney to lecture to u« upon womens rights. It will, however, in the opinion of the writer, be only bringing coals to Newcastle for the dear sisters have i£ pretty much their own way. The list of delegates to the Congregational Union now assembled in the Pitt Street Church, Sydney, in cludes 19 ladies, and the reverend as sembly, it is said, have taken it quite as a mattor of course. At the time of writing, no lady delegate bad plucked up courage to address the Conference, - but wait until they feel a bit more at home. Those lady delegates have a mission, and the men will bear about it before tho conference is done. 