WHAT IS THEOSOPHY? (Feom Tilt: •" ao.r..") It seems. the Melbourne Theosophists are arousina themselves and getiiiig iato fo'rrs to receive their High Priestess in i b;-fitting in-inner. This, < \ course, is ss it should be. Mrs. Annie Besant. m-.:_-rc the n a:-laying on of hands.: is as much a pontiff to Mr. j. V.'. Hunt and his friends, the Melbourne Theosophists as the Archbishop of West minister is to Dr. Go-:-, or Leo XIII. is to Dr. Csrr. And Mrs. Annie Bessn: is shortly to cc.me to Melbourne laden with the cccjIc spiiituil riches of the Orient, the slesnings of the most devout of devotees. The Mel bourne president of the sec: assures us that all thsr is being cone, and re: to be done, springs from the most esaltea motives. These sre : — The fomjitbn of the nucleus of s univer sal brotherhood of humanity "without dls tinotioa of race, creed, sex, color or caste. To promote the study of Aryan and other literatures, religion and s:iecce. To investigate all laws of nature unknown to us, r.nd so;r.e of the psychical powers Ir.tent in ntsn. It would appear that the «nost exacting c-f cri'ic; cc.nli scarcely nnd any srour.d of vtTer.co in objr-crs such as these. Theosophy t< ". !>•::? in sotne high demands on our credit. • Theosophy.' says its Melbourne spokesman. ' claims to 'represent the matured thought of centuries of men who were greater than Darwin and Wallace. It offers to the world ideas which cover the whole ground of religion' and science.' This certainly ought to be a platform wide enough for the most latitudinarian of thinkers, more particularly when we are assured that 'the ethics of the ' world's great teachers' are 'embodied in Theosophy. Whsr. po-rlr.tic. a:t-.r this tends a little to un-settle rhc- nnna is the announcement that The = .pfcy i» at vr?.r • with superstition and c-'sr.:ati«ai." Pif.ia nsople triil be apt to think that it cannot go to war with super stition and cctrma until it has first settled what sajerstitiaa and dogmatism are; and it seems very ditiieuit to do this without dr-2 ic.v.isir.?. If the Anglican Bishop, who claims to hive received a special gift from the Hoiy Ghost in the ordination service: a-.d the Roman Catholic, who adopts the d->4sna of the Immaculate Conception, are to b; voted superstitious by the Ther ■sophist, and to be m.ide war'upon, there will be some little hitch in the programme of ' universal brotherhood.' However, these thii;gs may grow clearer when the great llit:h Priestess herself arrives to unravel the mysteries of Karma to us. In the meantime tre have no difficulty in admitting that the mysteries of occultism are mysterious enough. In its December number the "Arena" returns to its favorite topic—a discussion of the wonders of Hin doo magic. Dr. Heinrich Hensoldt is r.n Oriental traveller ana student; but, unlike Madame Blavatsky, Colonel Olcott and Mrs. Besant, he saw the miracles of that wonder land, not with spiritual eyes, but with those of the scientist and sceptic. His article in the "Arena" is new in only one feature—in the theory which he puts forward to acount for the otherwise wholly unaccountable per formances of the Indis.n magicians. Dr. Hensoldt contends that none of the 5*'ew Testament miracles, save only those of rais ing the dead, are nearly':o wonderful as lh£ feats performed by the average Yoghi.' But he is inclined to doubt the evidence of his cwn senses as to what he saw. He be lieves that these Hindoo adepts have 'brought hypnotism to such a degree of perfection that, while under its influence, our senses are no longer a criterion of the reality around us, but can bo made to deceive us 111 manner which is perfectly amazing.' 2<ot the least singular part of the business is that though these practices have been going on for thou sands of years, the secret is as close a one as ever, and quite as ' caviare to the general1 as it wa=j.when Yishnu first smiled assurance of pr.->tesjjii>n on the faithful of Brahma. The jugglery, if jugglery it be, is not performed on stages specially prepared, ana assisted by apparatus, but in the open light of day in the streets and squares of the cities. One feat which Dr. Hensoldt describes he saw done five times in different places and by dif ferent professors. The Yoghi took a small fruit called a mango, about the size of a pear, dug a hole in the ground six inches deep, and buried it. In a few moments the doctor saw a full sized mango tree growing from the spot, 1 about fifty feet high, in full foliage, with mangoes on it. . . . And yet there was something strange about this tree ... a weird rigidness, not one loaf moving in the breeze. Another curious feiture I noticed—the leaves seemed to ob scure the sun's rays, and yet ... it was a tree without a shadow.' Another thing Dr. Hensoldt marked about it was that as he approached it it seemed to f*de, and grew bright agfiin when he returned to his place. Once, however, he saw this done, and was permitted to approach the tree. This one ' did not vanish in proportion as I approached it, but retained its full realism, and I not only touched it, but actually climbed several feet up its stc-m.' Another feat narrated by the same writer is that of seeing a Yoghi take a rope 15 feet long and an inch thick, throw it into the air, retaining one end in his hand and then start and climb up it. The rope was riggid, and kept lengthening above un til the magician actually climbed out of sijjht into the skies. After thi3 we can excuse Dr. Hcnsoldt's remark that ' the spinx on ' the sacred Ganges' is more mysterious than the Spinx on the I\ile. " We know of course that what Dr. Hen soldt has recorded does not rest on his testi mony alono. Professor Kellar, in the " North American Review" for January of last year, makes his report on the same things as a professional conjuror. Melbourne audiences at one time were familar with Kellar's marvels; hut Kellar in India is a baby in jugglery. He admits that the fakirs of India perform feats which to him are quite inexplicable on.the hydothesis of mere jug glery. Professor Kellar says : — Fifteen years spent in India and the Far East have convinced me that the high caste fakirs or magicians of Northern India have probably discovered natural laws of which we in the West are ignorant. That they succeed in overcoming the forces ot nature which to us seem insurmountable my observation satis fies me beyond doubt. He tells some of the fe-its. An Englishman named Eghnton had his hand clasped in Kellar's, and while inthiscondition was made to rise in the air to such a height that Kellar had to jump on a table to retain a hold of Eglinton's hand. On another occasion he saw a magican hypnotise his companion and stretch him rigidly on the points of upright swords stuck hilt downwards in the ground, then remove the swords and leave the hypnotised man suspended in the air without support. One story is related of a fakir Talking up into the air a hundred feet; and another of one who was buried in the presence of General Medley in a hermetically sealed coffin for twenty days, and at the end of that time due unand resuscitated. But all these feats are fully accounted for to the believing Theosophists. Indeed, Napoleon Key, ina-papcrin the "Arena" of December, 1S92, tells us that Occultism in Paris has now become a science, where feats are preformed as astonishing as those of the Indian ' magi.' They transport letters in a few moments from Paris to Moacoiv, they produce dewy flowers under the eyes ef the spectator from roots the placed in tho earth in a closed room, they accomplish lovitation or walking in the air, and (hoy materilisc the astral bodies of the dead. There, as here, according to the reports made, (lie members arc devoted to the htiidy of ' tho principal data and occult ' science in all its branches.1 So much for tho phenomena. When we como to Gxnniiiio Dr. Honsolcjt's theory <?f them there appears to be a good deal to ba ssid for the suggestion of lis pnotism. Dr. Lombroso wrote a piper in f lie oFr.rch number of the 4i2*ouve!le Revue" ior 1892, in which he laid it down that crowds are subject to a peculiar magnetism th.it hyp notises sood wen till they r.rc ready to commit the most appalirssr crimes under suggestion ; and he declares that most of the revolutionary crimes have been committed by men in a hypnotic state. Mrs. Besnnt herself, singular to say, in one of her articles the facts of hypnotism that she believes Western science to be on the eve of discover ing those wonderful powers which it has ridiculed in relation to Tiie^sophr, and adds. —Zvjw one i.f the ni'ist important classes cf these f\cis is chat of thoughts rendered visible as forms. A hypnotised person after beiag swakeneJ from trance and being apparently in norm:)! possesion of his senses, can be msde to see any form conceived by the bypnotiser. -Co word nefd be spoken, no t.iutrh civen. It suffices that the iw-pnotiser should clearly image to himself some idea. Mid ihit idea becomes visible and tangible ..Lject to the person under his control. Il'-re we have Mrs. Besmt. the Theo?ophist supplying a working hypothesis which i^rces with those of Dr. Lombroso r-.nd of Pr. Hrnso'd:. the scientists. The Indian Yoghi ha J mereJy t*~> hypnotise the crowd of whom Dr. Hensc'dt formed pnrt. and the magician's • thoasbt form' became visible to the sj>ecrs:ors. 2sor i- there any ilifieulty In the circunis'ancethatD-. Hensold; climbed three fee: up one of these 1 though: form' trees. Being hypnotised, the act of climbing was, of course, par: of his delusion ; ss was the feat when he sair a fakir climb up a rope into the skr. The dranrbsck to all this is that it contracts &11 rastter and sense into delusion. It is a science that can ' n-itch the world.: The hypnotiser, when be shall properly kaovr his business, ■sill hsvesll mankind ac his mercy, and, Milton puts it, make us every one— '^Enter tbe very lime-twi^s of his spells." When the Tier-sophists have perfected theisselves is their occult studies and re-.ched io a fully developed skill in 'thought forms.' earth will become wh*t th; Avcnian bard has called ' a hell c-f ' witchcr-.uY: and, instead of, vs Hon-, hsrin^ ro put cp with one par ticular 1 witching time of night,' we shall eo ab out all day no: knowing precisely what ir.-.y happen to be a 'thought fore/ and what may ba ' f more s*>lid matter. Ir is only n single step fr."in this condition, which Mrs. F.^san: thirks we are on the venre of, to that of Bishop Berkeley, who der.i:-d thit matter exists at al!. According to these specula; ivris, therei.-.re. we may in the r.e&r; future a^ake to nnd that everything is nothing, and nothing is everything—thar we are living in i hypnotised world, with the great • Arch Uypnotiser smiling benignly on our gambols —thit our imagined woes sr.d imagined joys area!} alike illusion.*, mere ' thought forms.' Then' we shall sec once more tint Shaks peare was the great Seer, and fortold all thincs when he predicted that "like the bisel?ss fabric of ' a vision'— The great g-cba itrelf, Vea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve, And like this insubstantial pspcsnt faded. Leave not a rack behind. We are such sti;2 As dreams are made on, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep. 