ODR ARTISTS. Around the Studios. The Annual Exhibition. Borne of the Subjects— A Promising Collection of Much Interest. The Hani toucho3 in the important work of preparation for the forthcoming annual exhibition' of the Art Society has made the week an exceptionally busy one for artists. It has also been a time of receptions, at homes or private views, or whatovcr other term may bo applied to those occasions upon which the chosen few who are credited with knowing a little mora about it than the average man, or who are supposed to be likely buyers are asked to view, with a select circle of connoisseurs, the work of the lady or gentleman who sends the invitation. Amongst those who have issued invitations jor the purpose described are Mies Ethel Stephens, Mr. Julian R.Ashton, Air. Lister- Lister, Mr. Fullwood, Mr. Minns, Mr. 1'eroy Spouce, aud other celebrities of the brash and palette. If the- useful uujcb wi uuau pitvuvo viunn in not altogether obvious, it may at least be said that, the occasions are always pleasant, and ilhat tho .nicest things are jnvariably said of the work presented; Mr. . Lister-Lister will this year gain, at least one distillation, namely, that.of having prupardd the largeaipiotiifo of ".the show. This is' an immense cativas, measuring 9ft. x 4ft., which Mr. Lister has filled with one of those bright, breezy boast pieces for which his work is so wall known. : He calls his. picture " Whoro the Sea. Tides Ebb and Flow," in illustrn'tioipof which there is in perspective a long stretch, of' ooast out Nurra been way, with patches of 'golden beacli, and the usual rook,' weed, wet sand, and. sea birds jr. the ' foreground A somowhat smaller picture' which Mr, Lister- Lister has not yet christened .is a fine view of the Pacific flooded with the riyh light of the rising sun. A stately ship (American, evidently, to judge by her square stern' and tapering sticks) is passing between the Heads sea ward in tow of a powerful tug. There is a gentle ocean swell, rolling in, and upon this, all ablhzs with yellow- morning glory, the ship is sailing proudly out, aloft her orew are busy with the sails,' and there is every suggestion of the excitement attendant upon getting' a clearofQngbcforolottinggothc haw ser. Other pictures by this artist are "A Wet Day near blarrabeen, three water colors, and other pictures of' sand aud surf along the coast. ' ' Mr. Percy Spehce is also sending apicturo this year which will cover a large amount of wall space. He calls it "The Long Day Closes," in suggestion of which there are in the foreground of a .typically-Australian country sucnc two huge farm horses, upon tho foremost of . which a boy is sealed, his ruddy face turned half to tha left, and, showing against a rich evoning sky uhcad "the ploughman homeward plods his weary tvay," a quotation; wo employ in order to suggest tho strong similarity of subject existing between tho piuture in question aud one for which this artist was praised not very, long - ago. Another from the same source is " Dear Lady Disdain," tho graceful lignru of a lady attired in some rich costume of author mid black. The figure is retreat ing, but tho face, half-looking backwards, bears the expression which the. title sug gests. " Golden Noon", in a typical country scone on a blitzing day. Mits Ethel i-tephens, who " received " on Thursday, tends' as Iter principal landscape a picture, of suniit grosies and foliage i p ly named " Where the Sunshine Lies on Ltuvn anil Lea." The head of ah up to date young girl is eailed " A Gleaming Ghost of 'Tears," for some reason scardely apparent, seeing that there is no -suggestion o.f the , ghost about a pretty, full:colorodface. However, the study is interesting. .Stnnnurd's Wharf," Double Bay, has for its prinoipal figure a boy idling away tho moments of looming. There are several panels of floral studies, a figuro of a. lithe young Italian "Pinmn" uttrl BAmh nllian til/tlttroii Mr. B. E. 'Minn, an artist of acknow ledged ability, hois devoted the most of his attention this y.ear to tho painting of beads, a departure which judgos will commend when tho result is submitted to the public viow. A panel of three heads of aged llermagui aboriginals," a single picture of the head of anothor old blackfe!iow,'a couple of studies ; of piccaninnies, and the head and bust of a'youug woman of our own race complete this class of work. " One of ill" Outer Beaches at Manly " and a few small studies of country life are also in cluded in the artist's dozch water-colors. Air. F. I'. Mahoney, as usual, has beBtowed his timo and skill upon the preparation of come very clever, animal studies, which include a pioturo of. tha horse " Abereorn " (lent by Mrs. White), "A Veteran " (the liead and neck of the Sydney Cricket Ground horse), " Sunday " (which sdowb two horses resting In 'a farm' yard from the labors of the week), and "Aline" (wherein a tiger, com ing out from the bhude of tho jungle, is savagely shaking, the detached head of a horse), Air. Alahbtioy also'seuds throe water- colors of varied subjects. Air. Fullwood has gone abroad' for. the scene of his principal picture, which he calls "Sunrise from Aloutit Wellington," in which tho spectator is, ftom the side of the mountain, looking through rising morning mists, pioroed hji'the early sunbeams, across, the harbor of .Hobart to the horizon, edged by an impenetrable clottdbank and glorious ahovo with light. 'Tho groat' height and' distance aro suggested by tho micro3crpi- cnlly small steamer coming up the bay frum Sydney. In, widely different vein is shown tho interior of a homestead kitehon cut hack. Tho wife, grief - stricken, i< holding a black edged letter, just brought in by tho mailman. This Mr. Fullwood calls "Bad News Front Town." Two pictures of ovorlanding incident, "A Lagoon Camp"- and "Fording tho Clarence," are two othor oils)-' and a water-color piatu'to of a familiar', subject is "Tho Brimming Kivor." Some other small oil-oolor pictures make up tho Fullwood collection, Tho exhibition of the society is only open to members. 