Judicial Affairs. Supreme Court. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4. The case of Clark and Fauset v. the Muni- <*> cipalities of North and South Brisbane termi- <*> nated in a verdict for the defendant corporations. Mr. Lilley's address to the jury, which commenced on the opening of the court, - oooupied over two hours. His Honour then summed up, and ooncluded by putting seven teen questions to the jury. The jnry returned ' with a finding favourable to the defendants, for whom judgment was entered; one set of costs only was allowed as between defendants, as though they had joined their defence. The case, Brabant and Co. v. T. M. King (as representing the Government), claim £8000 for alleged negligent storage of explosives, was commenced, but had not far proceeded when the court ad journed until next day. In Ineolvency, before his Honour Sir S. W. Griffith, C.J., an application for a certificate of disohargo from insolvency was granted to Thomas J. A. Hampson, of Eidsvold, lioensed victualler. Heinrich Achiller was also granted a certificate of discharge, subjeot to a suspen sion of six months. Thursday, April 5. The action Brabant and Go. v. T. M. King, was continued. The day was occupied in hearing the conclusion of counsel's opening address and evidence for the plaintiffs. Half- an-hour was taken up in the tendering of doouments, and this called forth a remark from the presiding Judge (Mr. Justice Harding) that the usual practioe in the matter of admissions had not been followed, and that somebody ought to be called .upon to pay the costs consequent upon the delay. Mr. Lilley replied that they had taken out the admissions in the ordinary way, but these had been refused by the other side. Friday, Apml G. As the process of closing up old estates under the Insolvency, Intestaoy, and Insanity Act of last Parliamentary session progresses, some long forgotten business failures are being brought back to recollection. Last week the in solvency of the Ellis Brothers, of Malvern Downs, graziers, engaged tho attention of the Supreme Court. To-day another remote case oame before Mr. Justice Real. This was the insolvency of George Ellis Walton, of Brisbane, gentleman, who was adjudicated in July, 1870, or nearly twenty-four years ago, by the late Mr. Justice Lutwyohe. Whether the insolvent had survived the Judge or not did not appear, but his estate, like an unquiet ghost, remained unsettled. When the insolvency took plaoe Mr. Thomas Bunton, solioitor, was a creditor in the estate to the amount of about £30. His name appeared on the list of creditors, but he never proved his debt. Apparently there were no assets which made him think it worth while doing so. Since the estate had passed into the hands of the Offioial Trustee in Insolvency (Mr. J. B. Hall) however, some assets had been discovered. Mr. Bunton recollected bis claim, and he now made appli cation for permission to prove his debt and obtain with it 8 per cent interest. Mr. Chambers (Messrs. Chambers, Bruoe, and M'Nab) appeared on his behalf. As the insolvency and the proceedings in it were under the old Aot, the ques tion arose whether Mr. Bunton oould now prove his debt. When the insolvency took place there was a Judge in Insolvency, and proofs of debt had to be made before him at publio sittings of the court. The law had changed, and public sittings of this sort were not held. Mr. Justice Real said that under rule 21 of the Aot, debts should have been proved at one of three pubiio sittings of the court unless otherwise ordered. He considered, therefore, that he had power to order that a sitting should bo held to prove this debt. He accordingly ordered that a publio sitting of the court should be held on the 23rd instant for receiving and deciding on the proof. In Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, before his Honour Mr. Justice Real, Mr. Newman-Wilson (Messrs. Wilson, New man-Wilson, and Hemming), appearing on behalf of the Curator of Intestato Estates in the matter of Thomas Hayes, of Hazelwood, stockman, deceased, intestate, applied for an order directing the payment to the Inspector of Orphanages of £98 for the maintenance of the children of the deceased up to BlBt March, and for an allowance from money standing to the credit of the estate from time to time for their further maintenance. His Honoub declined to allow any sum for past maintenance, but for the future granted 6s. each a week for the two elder children and 3s. a week each for the others. Tuesday, April 10. The trial of the action Brabant and Co. v. T. M. King was concluded, but the final stage, the judgment, was not reached. When the oourt resumed at 10 o'olook Mr. Virgil Power, leading counsel for the plaintiffs, delivered his address to the jury. His Honour then summed up at considerable length. In his opening remarks he commented strongly on the appeal made by the Crown to feelings of the jurors as taxpayers. He then went on to explain the law relating to negligence, and conoluded by asking the jury to answer some nineteen questions. The jury retired at about noon, and agreed on their verdict at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. On their findings both sides moved for judgmont, and the argu ment had not been conoluded when the court rose for the day. The total tonnage of ships built on the Clyde in 1893 13 estimated at 208,000, as against 330,000 in 1892. Tbe number of steamer* launohed was 132. A millionaire of Vienna has left provision in his will for the oonstant illumination of the vanlt wherein he now lies. An electric light is to be kept burning for a year, and even the coffin is to be lighted in the interior bj eleotricity. 