it fiamit ialue, by CtR'XSt Allen, : - -Antiior ot This ITortal Coil," "BloadHojaV \- " u The Scullrwag." \- Cl Clf.UnJER.SS Journal- ' CHAPTER IV— FRATEHKAL AsrEMrna. - The season xr.xs waning towards its latter $nd ; Airs Hesslegrave and Kathleen were on the eve of flight for thtir regular round of autumn visits in the countiy, before returning to their winter quarters in Venice. These autumn visits wero half friendly, half pro fessional. It was one of the griefs of Mrs iiessiegrave's me, indeed, tnat Kathleen s voca tion as an artist compelled her to do and to suffer many things which in her mother's eyes were undignified, and almost unlady - like. Foremost amongst thorn was the necessity, when visiting iu the country, for carrying her port folio of sketches along with her ; for Kathleen's succc£3 was merely a private ' and local one; she depended largely for selling her pictures upon the friendly ' appreciation of her own acquaintances. It is true, being a timid and retiring girl, she never thrust her work incontinently upon her hoits on the contrary, she wa3 nervously shy about anything that looked like self -advertisement or pushing. Still, the fact remained that unless ahe went a round of country visits in the autumn, she would never have sold most of her pictures at oil ; and this fact, which gave Kath leen herself no small shrinkings of natural delicacy, covered Mr3 Ilcsslegrave in a very -cKfFereut way with shame and humiliation. For to Mrs iiesslegrave, it was a painful and disgraceful thing that people should know her daughter had to work for her living at all; in heu young days, she was wont to say severely, young l&dio3; used to paiut "for their own amusement, not for filthy lucre : and when ever she said it, with a disapproving toss of the dainty coffee - colored Honitcn head-dress, Kathleen had somehow an unpleasant feeling in the background of. her heart that it was really very wrong of her to bo so badly off, and that at only she had inherited the feelings and manners of a perfect lady, sh9 would have managed to bo born with five thousand a year, and nothing to do for it. Though, to be sure, if sho hadn't eo managed, after all, it might with somesho'.y of reason be urged in extenua tion that the fault lay rather at the door of that impeccable Airs Iiesslegrave hereclf, and the late lamented General of Artillery, her husband, who had been jointly responsible for bringing Kathleen into the world with no better en- do wuiect than just a x>air of pretty white hands, and an artistic faculty for deftly employing them la the production of beautiful and pleasing images. On this particular evening, however, Kath leen was tired with packing ; her head ached slightly ; and she wa3 anxious to be kept as un disturbed as possible. Therefore, of course, her brother Reginald had chosen it a3 the aptost moment to drp in towards the dinner hour for a farewell visit to his mother and sister. Regi nald was twenty, with a faint black line on his tipper lip — which he called a moustache — and he was a child entirely after Mm Hesslegrave's own heart ; in his mother's eyes, indeed, a con summate gentleman. To bo sure thejpoorboy had the misfortune to be engaged in an oflice in the City— a most painful position ; Mrs Hessle- gravo's narrow means had never allowed her to scml him to Sandhurst or Woolwich and get him a commission in the array— hut that the fond mother regarded as poor Reggie's ill- luck; and Reggie himself endeavored to make up for it by copying to the best of his ability the tone and manner of military circles, as far as was compatible with the strict routine of a stockbroker's oflice. If collars and cuffs and tho latest thing out in octagon tie3 constitute the real criterion of the gentle life (as is the naive" belief of so large a fraction of the city), then was Reginald Iiesslegrave indeed a gentleman. What though he subsisted in great part on poor Kathleen's earnings, and pocketed her hard won cash to supplement his own narrow salary, with scarcely so much as athauk- you— one doesn't like to seem beholden to a wbman iu these matters, you know — vet was tho cut of his coats a marvel to Adam's Court, and the pattern of his sleave links a thing to be observed by tho stipendiary youth of Thread- needle Street and Lothbury. Regiuali flung himself down iu the big easy chair by the bo-.v window with the air of a man who drops in for a moment to counsel, advise, assist, and overlook his womenkiud — in short with all the digaity of the head of the iainily. He was annoyed that <f his people' were leaving town ; leave they must, sooner or later, of course ; if thsy didn't, how could Kath leen over dispose of those precious daubs of or> though Reginald pocketed poor Kathleen's sovereigns with the utmost calm of a great spirit, he always affected profoundly to despise the dubious art that produced them. Still, the actual moment of his people's goin®" was always a disagreeable one to Reginald Hesslegrave. A3 long as his mother and stopped ou in town, he had some where respectable to spend his evenings, Y he wished to; somewhere presentable to which ho could bring other fellows at no expense to himself; and, that, don't you know, is always a consideration! As soon as they were gone, thcro wob nothingfor ti but the club ; and at the club, that sordid place, they make a man psy himself for whatever he con sumes, and whatever he offers in solid or liquid ..ospitality to other fellows. So no matter how late mother and -Ki:ty stayed in town, it made Reggie cross all the same, when the dav came or their departure. -r?adIy yu UP your bask hair, Kitty . Reggie observed with a sweet smile of provocation, after a few other critical remarks upon his Bister's appearance. " You put no stylo into it. You ought just to look at Mrs Algy Redburn's hair ! There's art if you like. She does it in a bun. She knows how to dress it. It s a model for a Duchess.." \- " .Ay Redburn keeps a maid, no doubt, _ his sister answered, Jeauiug back in her chair a little wearily, for she was worn out with packing. 11 So the credit of her bun, be longs, of course to the maid who dresses it." 'Sho keeps a maid !" Reggie went ou with km hands ou his haunches iu an argumentative attitude. " Why, certainly she keeps a maid. What else would you expect ? Every lady keeps a maid. It's a simple necessity. And you ought to keep a maid, too. No woman can be dressed as a lady should dres3, if she doesn't keep a maiu. The thing's impossible." And ne«iSSn?8 uaouth to like a patent rat-trap." Theu I must be content to dress otherwise as a ludy should," Kathleen responded quietly - « for I can't afford a maid— and to tell you the truth, Reggie, I really don't know that I should care to have one." " Can't afford !" Reggie repeitcd with a derisive accent of profound scorn. " That's what you always say. I hate to hear you say lv The phrase is unlady-like. If you can't afford anything you ought to de ahle to afford ii ow afford things ? I dress like a gentleman. You never 3ee ate ill-tailored or ill- groomed, or doing without anything a gentle man ought to have. How do 1 afford it Kathleen had it on the tip of her tounie to give hack the plain and true retort, <c Why, by making your sister earn the money to keep you but native kindliness and womanly reeling restrained her from saying so. So she only replied : " I'm 6ure 1 don't know, my dear ; I often wonder, for I can't afford it, and I earn more than you do." Reggie winced a little at that. It was mean Ox Kitty so to twit him with his poverty. She yras always flinging his want of ready-money m hiB face — a9 though want of money (when you spend every penny that fate allows you — and a little more too) were a disgrace to any gentleman ! But he continued none the less in the same lordly strain : 11 You dress badly ; that's the fact of it. No woman should spend less than three hundred a year on her own wardrobe. It can't be done for one shillin"- under that. She ought to spend it." "Eotifshe hasn't got it," Kathleen answered stoutly. " Whether she's got it or not," Reggie re sponded at once," with profound contempt tor such unlady-like morality. "Look at Mrs ; Algy Eedburn ! How does she do, I'd like to know? Everybody's well' aware Algy hasn't got a brass farthing to bless himself with, yet whoaoyou see dressed in the Park like hia wife ? Such bonnets ! Such coats ! Snch a .bun! There's a model for yon !" "But Mrs AlgyRedburn will some day be \- „ Laoy Axminster," Kathleen answered with a sigh, not perceiving herself that that vague con tingency had really nothing at all to do with the rights and wrongs of the question. "And . . I will not." (\\\ hich was also to some extent an unwarrantable assumption.) ". Reggie flashed his cuffs, and regarded them ' with just pride. "That's no matter,1' lie answed curtly. "Every lady is a lady, and should dress lik9 a lady, no matter what's her \- income. And she can't do that under three hundred a year. You take my .word for it." ' Kathleen was tootired-to keep up the dis- " pute. So she answered nothing. ... . But Reggie had come round -to his sister's 7 . that night iu "the familiar masculine teasiog humor. He wasn't going to be baulked of his .sport so easily. 'Twas as good as ratting; at half the cost, and almost equal to' badger- drawing. Sohewenton after a minute : " A man doesn't need so much. His wants are ..simpler. I think lean dress likea gentleman myself — on two hundred and fifty." . " As your salary's eighty," Kathleen putin, resignedly", "with one hand on her aching head, "I don't quite know myself, where the re- V mainder's to come from." Reggie parried the question. " Ob, I'm care ful, "he went on, "very careful, you know, Kitty. I make it a rule never to waste my money. I buy judiciously. Look at linen for example. Linen's a very important item. I require a fresh shirt, of course, every morning. Even t0u will admit" (he spoke with acerbity, as thongh Kathleen were a sort of acknowledged social Pariah). — "even you will admit that a supply of clean linen is a necessary adiunct to a gentleman's appearance. Well, how do you think sow I manage about my cuffs? I'll tell you what I do about them. There are fellows at our \- - - place, if you'll believe it, who wear movable cuffs — cuffs, don't you know, that come on and \ off the same as a collar does : nasty, separate shirt stiffs. I don't call such things gentle- : (IT : ' \ . manly. The fellows that wear them take them off when they come to the office, and slip them on again ever their hands when they hare to run across with a client to the Houee — that's what we call the Stock Exchaogo — or when they go out for luncheon. Well, I don't like such ways myself. I hate and detest all shams and subterfuges. - I wouldn't wear a cuff nnless_ it WB3 part andparcol of my shirt. So I've in vented a dodge to keep them clean from morn ing till evening. As soon as I go in'o the office, I just out a piece of white foolscap the exact size of my cuffs ; I double it back, so, over the, edge of the sleeve : I pass it under again this way. Then, while I stop in the office,' I keep the cover on ; and it looks pretty much the same as tho linen. That prevents blacks and smuts from settling on the cuff, and keeps the wear and tear and so forth f om hurting the material. But when I go out, I just slip the paper off, so ! — and there 1 am, you see, with spotless l;nen, like a gentleman !" And he de monstrated triumphantly. " A most ingenious dodge !" Kathleen an swered with languid interest. " Yes, it's caieful of me," Reggie went on ; " I'm naturally careful. And by such striot bits of economy, I expect in the end— to keep down my expenditure on dress to two hundred and fifty." Kathleen smiled very faintly. \- Yon don't think a fellow can do it on loss, do you Reggie continued once more m an argumentative spirit. 1 " Yes I do," Kathleen replied. " I certainly think so. And if he's a man and can't afford to spend so much, I think he should be ashamed, of himself for talking such nonsense." " Well, but look here, you know," Reggie began, " what's a man to do ? You. just think of it this way ! First, he mnst have a dress suit, once a year of course; you'll admit that's a necessity.' Gloves and white tieB — those he needs for evening. Then a frock coat and waistcoat, with trousers to match ; and a black cutaway lot for afternoon tea: and two suits or dittos for country wear : and a tweed with knickerbockers for shooting and so forth : and a tenuis coat, and boating flannels, and " " Oh, don't, Reggie !" his sister cried, shrink ing away and clapping her hands to her aching head. " You comb my brain ! I'm too tired to argue with you." " That's just it, "Reggie continued, delighted. " You live in wretched lodgings, with no proper food — your cook's atrocious : and you work till you drop at your beastly !pain ting ; and you tire yourself out with packing your own boxes, instead of keeping a maid, who'd do it all like a shot for you ; and what's the conse quence ? Why, you're unfit for society ! When a fellow comes round to pay you a visit after a hard day's work, and expects a little re laxation and stimulating talk with the ladies of his family— he finds you worn out' amere boiled rag : while as to music or conversation, or some agreeable chat— oh, dear mo, no ! not the ghost of sn idea of it." Kathleen's patience was exhausted. "My dear hoy," she 6aid, half angrily, " I have to work to keep myeelf alive, and you too, into the bargain. And if you expect mo to supply you with two hundred a year to spend upon your wardrobe, why, you must at least consent to give up the pleasure of music in the even ings." What Reginald might have answered to this unexpected attack remains an unknown fact in the history of the universe ; for just at that minute the neat-capped little waiting-maid of the Kensington lodgings opened tho door with a flourish and announced, " Mr Morti mer !" The young American entered with undis guised alacrity, and gazed delighted around the room. " Mrs Hesslegrave is out, I hear," he began with meaning, as he took Kathleen's band. Then he started a little in surprise as Reginald rose irom the chair where he had been sitting, unseen. " But your brother's here," he added in a disappoiuted after-thought, whose distinct toue of regret must needs have struck anybody less self-centred and self-satisfied than the stockbroker's assistant. " Yes, I dropped round to say good-bye to my people tonight," Reggie answered with a drawl, caressing that budding black line of his upper lip with all a hobbledehoy's affection. " They're off on a round of visits to the country just now. Hard lines on me ! I shall he left all alone by myself iu Loudon." (to be coxtixued.) 