LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TlTESIiAY- NTnVBMBES IS. Tha PumiDEST (Hon. ri. O. Baker, O.M.G.) took the Chair at 2 p.m. PETITION. By the Hon. Dr. AlAGAitEY.fromtwenty eigac aauics in tavour oi a pon oi pareata ioc Scriptural iajtruoiioa in the publio schools. TSB LAND ASSESSMENT. The CHIEF S-iURiSTARY told the Hon. J. L. Stiblixg that the Oommisaioner of Taxes reported thaD the mukiaj; up of the land tax a.iseismenc had takun lougur to com pleto sban was ooncempls.tt3d. The chookiuf; was being proceeded wicb, and it was expected to be finished in a few daya, when tho luforina tiou aa co tha tot.il ussti.iaed value of lands in South Australia would be as once furnished. Until tha settlement of allappeais.correotions, and adjustments the tru a aiaouns of what; the assessment would bs could only be estimated. TAXATION BILL. In Committee. Clause 3—' Interpretation.' The CHIEF SECRETARY believed ho waa mistaken the Dther day iu defining anabsentee. The olaueo wm nols as- clearly put aa it might be. Ibe liability nuder DheolaUsa waa created if She pereon were either absunc from tih« colony Pore wo years or ncm-rosident, so thao ia order to escape the absentee tax a man must so neither absent; from cha colony lor ;wo years nor non - residenD. The Hon. F. J. DUNCAN — If a man spenda some time bere how oan he be absents ? (Laughter.) The tlon. J. V. O'IjOG-H.IjIN' — Wha? constitutes residence? The OtiiEF SECRETARY— Wherb a man has hia home. Sir E. T. 3 Mil rl characterized the olause as farcical. rtie Hon. b\ BASEUOvV asked how long a landowner nsuso spend in the colony. Sup pusiug he visited auot'ier part of the world, Sow many nichts, weeks, or months must he be in the colony to escape the tax '! The Hon. A. R. ADDISON said tho Chief Secretary wbb undoubtedly right in his first iefinitioa. The Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLIN tcrresd that: thx clause waa vague. Ihe Hon. A. A. KIRKPArRICK suugested bhat) six months' resideu-.x- in the colony in a S'ear vould #eo ovur the diffiuulty. Tho Hon. fci. WARD amd tba Legislative Council icceptod etie Chief Secretary's opinion last) weok. Had the Chief deoretary now withdrawn his own opinion, or had he done so after cousuUin^ the Crown law offioers? (Chiof Secretary — '1 have 3imply oorreeted ray previous opinion.') After the altered opinion of the Chief Secre tary they ought to ask for fiha Crown law atliceri' opinion. A man often had a good many housoa. Which could be considered hia domicile? (Chief Secretary — ' It is a quts biou then for tho Jury to determine which is his propsr houee.:-) His domicile was Bqaivaleac co his residence in the colony. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON said ifc was very dear JihaB if a laadowner returned to South Australia for only ono day iu the two yeara he could claim exemption from the tax. The clauHe required ahoratiou. Tho Hon. 1\ BA.3E DOW asked if aa absentee returned a day after the two years would he be liable Do onB year's tas or two year's tax? Supposing Mr. David Murray waa away twelve months nnd came back for a couple of months until bia business aompslled him to revisit England would he ba considered an absentee? The CHIEF 3£CRiiU'ARY could net attempt to mswer off-hand the results of these contin genoios. Such questions might be put in die sussing any Bill when tho coctiugene.ea arose. The Commissioner would settle them. The Hon. G. McGREGOR eaid no one would bu an absentee until he was abasut for two years. They wsre rai&iug; up ghosts. Ihe Hon. W. RUSSELL saw nothing oom plicated. If laymen could not undfiretand any difficulties that) might arise the Judges would pub them right. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING laid there must be eomo pro vision to reconstitute a man a resident who oaina here fully intending to ive here. The CHIEF SECRETARY laid thi* clause waa absolutely u copy of tho New Zealand Act. Thu Hon. J. L. STIRLING remarkad that that: Act had noS been in operation two year:!, and thereforo bad not been applied. The Uou. D. M. JHARLGSTON augb't-sred the postponement if the sub-fection bo that abatintee misjht 3e moie oloarly defined. In reply to the 3on. Dr. MiGAaEY the CHIEF SECRS PARY ? said a person wnuld not be leeined an absentee unless h« had been away ;wo yeara before tho corainjf into opera :ion of the first asse^raenti. The Hon. J. V. O'LOGIiLIN observad than the New Zealand Auti hid boen in force over throe years. The Hons. A. R. ADDI SON and F. BA^EDOW objp.oted to any r^tiroapectivo legia!aticu. The Hun. A. R. A.DDISON would oppose the Bill a* every )U[je nnleES tha Chief Secretary cjsured him Shafc no one would bocorae taxable a^ an ibiGafcae until two yuar^ ha'.i oxpirod from the passing of the Bill. He did uot, want to be responsible for any exp»nMva lawauita. 1'heOHIEP SEORETA.RYsaid it was quite alear that every parson absent from or reai ient out of Australia for two years prior to the date on which, any aiseeamenb ehould bo made would booorae aa ablates. (Hon. J. Darling— ' Do you tax thorn then for t-vo years?') Ou!y for tha year. The Hon. E. WARD held in his hand a noSioa of isaesEfloent dated August 1, bno which he did not receive till OoSobsr 21. Inasmuch as the Taxation Department) post dated notices ptiraona leavini; the country innooent of liability wonlrl find they were made absentees. Absenteeism should not date until th-« Aot had pTisaevi, but according to the olanse a mnn would ba mado an nbjont^e as from Au(;u3b 1 la*C. (Chief Searo tary — ' He will not bo an absentee until the Act is pa?aed.') To onauro tho proper deSni tion of absontee they should provide That the first ageism nt under this Act shall be the assea-iiueno ilrat made after the coming into speration or this Act. The CHIEF SECRETARY said he would like to consider the auxpoaiion raised, and Moved thai the Committee resume. Progress reported ; Committee to sib again loxt day. FACTORIES BILL. The OHIEF SfiORETARY, in movinp the lecond reading, explained the provisions of tho Bill whioh had passed the floueo of Assembly. On the motion of tho Hon. J. WARREN )he debate was adjournod till November 14. VERMIN DISTRICTS BILL. In Cooirnitceo. Amendments on Counoil's Mnendmunta agreed to. As to the amendment in clauso 77 restricting the expenditure of rates to fencing, the Hon. E. WaRD hoped tho Council would msiec upon the Bonrde having power to destroy vermin. Boards wt-ro unnecessary if ooly fencing -vere to be arected. The whole shinjf waa ridiculous. The Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLIN by way of pomnromiso suggpated they should strike oub in tho clause 'and rabbits.' That would limit tho expenditure to wild dogs and to fonmne, but did not confine it to either. Tho OHIEF SECRETARY moved that the umaniment of tho Legislative Counoil be not iiuiiited up:in. They ehould throw upon the Ie3scna the responsibility of destroying all vermin within the boundaries of thair leased districts. The Hon. E. WARD said tho Go voinnaanS would etill be disinclined to ox termiuate the vermin oa unleased Crown lands, the ijreab source of vermin broeiiin?. Tha Honn. J. WARREN and W. RUSSELL thoughb they might give way to the Assembly. They should be careful or they would lose all thfiy wanted. The Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLIN said fencing oould not be erscbed in eorao districts at all. The Hon. J. J. DUNOAN said the Bill was meant for fencing purposes. Bub for the payment for scalping the vermin nuisance would not have Attained its present propor tions. Ib would be a pity to jeooardize tha main beneBts of the Bill by BtriVing to got moru. They still had the Wild Doga and Foxes Aot for operation in the outside dis tricts. (Hear, hear.) He was told that it was proposed in tne other House to coll it the Rabbit Warren Bill. (Laughter.) The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved to add to tha olauae ' whon fenced.' The Assembly insisted upon th8 Bill bains? confined to fencing, becauee ib was foared the wholesale syetem of paymnnt for so-Upiisfr would be ^introduced. The CHAIRMAN explained that Mr. Stirling's amendment! was contrary to the Stand imj Orders. Tho Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin's amend ment was negatived. Tho Council's amend ment wai not insisted upon on the following division : — Ayes. 11— Hnrs. H. Adams, F. Bassdnw, I). M. Chnrlo-ilon, I. J. Duncan, II. S. Gutbrie, .1. M.iriin, G. .Mefii«Kor, W. A. Robinson, W. IlU3ssli, J. Wari-nn, anil Chief .secretary (teller). NOES, 7— Hon.'. J. G. Bice, Dr. Campbell, H. K. Fuller, A. A. KirkpatrK-t, J. L. Stirling, E. Ward, ami J. V. O' l-nghlin (teller). Majority of ?? iV.r the Ayos. Report aJopted. ELECTORAL BILL. The Bill wan road a second time. In Committos. Claus»3 1 to 4 pasted. 0ku«fl5— 'ApiKiintmenOof officara/'TheHon. J. h. STIRLING mnvrtd— That tlia It -turning Officer fnr tho Provinco shall direct and control tha preparation and maintenance of tho electoral rolls throughout the province. Carried. Clause a* amended passed. Clauses I5tol0pas9od. Clause 11—' Duty of P«o^ia:rurs oa Aat cominfr into opsratior.' The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved to strike out the words frosa lino 2-t to lino 3i. Hi* object was to provide for the preparation of a inoro perfect and inexpensive roll. The CHIEF SECRE TARY would like to get the report, whioh had nob coma to hand from the Government Printer, on this and another matter. He suggested they should postpone this olause. Progress reported ; Committeo to ait again next day. LICENSED VICTUALLERS BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the second reading, and explained the provisions of the Bill, which were published i» extenso in the Register of November 1. He said clauses 4 and 5, oonstituting a sale of liquor by clubs, and compelling clubs to be licensed, were necessitated by tbe daoision of the Chief Justice iu thectseof Burchellagainst the South Australian Allgemeiuer Ueutscher Verein. Since the Oourb proceedinca clubs through out the oolony had gone on supplying liquor in defiance of tha iucuntion of che amending Act. He did nob think any objection would be raised to clubs paying licence-fees the same as hotels. No publican would be deprived of his licence until tha money waa not available for the compensation to be paid. To make clauso2l olear hewould seektoamend it toread — 'Id shall be uukwful for any licensud person to eell or supply any liquor whatsoever during Sundays to a person not being a buna n'da traveller calling for liquor on bu journey or not being a bo^a-fido lodger.' The olause would then contain the whole of the law with out refereuce to any Aoti defining it. The police had found it extremely diffioult to secure convictions for evasion of the Sunday closing law, and it was hoped that) Che Bill would prevent to some extent the infringe ment of the law. Section 25 was to prevent the assembling of prostitutes, thieves, and others ou licensed premises. (Hon. W. A. Robinson — ' Could they not get up a Parlia mentary sweep in a public- house?') Ib waa perfectly illegal to get up a aiveap anywhere except in a private place. ('Such an the Houses of Parliament.' Laughter.) There were rooms m the Parliament Houses which were nob public. The Smoking room was distinctly a private room. One'a private room such as his club, or his house, or rooms set apart for the private use of meincers were not plaeea for the public (Hoar, hear.) He had explained tha new points of the Bill. (Hon. E. Ward— ' Have you anything to s»y in favour of them ?') The Bill on the whole waa a vast improvement upon the present lav/. It gave more power to the people themaelvps to control the trade in (ttroupr drinks. Tho principal plank of the Bill was ths extension of tbe locul-option principle, whioh was already admitted. Once give the option to the people to nay that there ehould be no new licences and thai: the number of licences should be reduced, the next logical step was to say that there should be no licences at all. The Bill also assisted in Beenring penalties whioh were necessary to maintain the law. (Hear, hear.) On the motion of tha Hon. E. WARD tho deba»8 was adjourned till next dav. FEDERAL COUNCIL BILL. In Committee. Claune 3 — 'Qualification of representatives.' The Hon. Si. WARD wanted tbe election of representatives by tho people. They should negative the clauee, which limited the choice to the Legislature. Clause passed on tbe following division : — AYES, 10— ilon3. II. Adams, J. G. Bice, Dr. Campboll, D. M. Charleston, K. S. Gnthria. A. A. Kirkpntrkk, J. Martin, G. McGregor, W. A. Eobin sun. anil Chief Secretary (tollar). Noiii, 7— Hons. V. Bwoi'.ow, J. J. Duncan, H. E. (??ulli-r, W. Russell, J. h. Stirling, J. Warren, ami K. Ward (teller). Majority of 3 fnr the Ayes. Clauses 4 and 5 passed. Clause 5a — ' Limitation of expenditure.' The Hon. E. WARD, in the absence of Mr. O'Loghlin, moved— That the oxp nditure incurred under this Bill for the expenses of South Australian representatives at any one session of the Couiidl shall not exceed £100. The CHIEF SECRETARY said the amend ment w&3 absurd. They proposed to tie the handa of their representatives becauee they could not trust them to bo honourable. No member with self-respecS would accept dele gation with such limitation. After discussion bha new clause was negatived on the following division : — Ayes, 7— lions. Sir B. T. Smith, F. Basedow, J. G. Bice, J. .F. Duncan, J. L. Stirling, J. Warren, and K. Ward (tolier). Noes, ll— Hons. n. Adams, Dr. Campbell. D. M. Charleston, H. li. Fuller, It. S. Guthrie, A. A. Kirkp*triel!, Dr. Maparoy, J. Martin, G. McGregor, W. A. Robinson, arid Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 4 for the Noes. Clauso 6 and title passed.- Report adopted ; third reading next day. ADJOURNMENT. The Oounoil adjourned at two minutes past Go'olook till next day at 2 p.m. 