THE LADY'S MAID'S STORY. 'Yes, miss, certainly, I lived with Mrs. Birch—Miss Grigg that was before she married Mr. Birch. I knew all about that affair. It was very singular indeed—very. I'm not sure that I ought to mention it, for if a lady's maid can't hold her tongue she can't find good places. Dear me, I'm no talker. I'm as mum as a mouse. Bushels of pearl powder and quarts of rouge have I applied with my own hands, and never so much as hinted at. As for cotton, bless your heart, I've never so much as breathed about it. ' I lived with a lady once that took arsenic regularly for her complexion. That's no secret, for she took too much one day, by accident, and died. It all came out in the inquest. It's well it did, for suspicion pointed at the husband. Somehow it always seems to strike a jury that a husband is the likeliest person to wish a wife out of the way. ' But this isn't anything about paint. Miss Grigg being on the stage, made no secret of that. She played queens and such, miss. I've often had tickets given me and gone with my young man to see her act. And when she was haughty and curled her nose, miss, and looked at other folks over her shoulder and talked away down in her throat like a pigeon gurgling, she was splendid, miss. It made me think how nice it would be to be a queen, and to take airs over everybody. "Well, Miss Grigg was engaged to be married. Mr. Birch had fallen in love with her when she was playing Hamlet's ma. Perhaps you have seen the play, miss? The young man objects to his ma getting married the second time, so I seemed to make out, and acted impertinent, giving sass to his ma and step-pa, and carrying on awful. And there was a poor young lady quite out of her mind that afterwards got drowned. 'Well, she was playing Hamlet's ma, and Mr. Birch fell in love with her and sent her a letter, and called and made an offer all in no time. She accepted him, of course, and the preparations for the wedding began. I don't think any lady ever had so many dresses. Silk and satins, and velvets and laces. Dear, dear; Mme. Blank's whole establishment was hard at work for a month, and if I had had twenty fingers instead of ten I would have had use for them all. " At last everything was finished. The trunks were packed—fifteen of them, miss, and fourteen were to go on that afternoon—the one with the wedding and travelling dresses was to go on with the bride when she started next day. She was to be married at ten o'clock in the church, and then drive home, have a splendid breakfast and then change her dress and catch the three o'clock train. Of course, I saw to the trunks, and was very careful, but when I was needed most, just when the trunks were being carried downstairs, Miss Grigg called for me. 'Miss Grigg was a lady who did not like to wait, and so I went to her at once, miss, as was my duty, and I said to Bridget Duster, the chambermaid: 'Bridget, watch that black trunk, and see that the men do not carry it off.' ' Bridget understood with her elbow of course, miss, and after I had been to the land's end for two yards of ribbon of exactly such a shade as she wanted, and got back, I found that she had sent off the black trunk first of and was very proud of having been so careful. They were all miles away by that time. 'There was nothing for it but to tell Miss Grigg. She flew at me, Miss. I don't blame her for being angry. I would forgive her in such a case. She flew at me, violent, Miss; and then, Miss, she had spasms. She beat the sofa, she tore her hair, she screeched, and me all the while saying— ' 'Remember your eyes, Miss. Think how you will look, Miss. Your nose is swelling dreadful, Miss.' 'Finally she came to and bathed her face. And says she: 'Flora, what shall I do ?' 'I don't know,' said I,' unless you put off the wedding until you can telegraph for the trunk.' 'No, that's unlucky; beside, one never knows. None ain't to be depended on.' 'You might borrow a dress,' said I. 'As if I would be married in a dress that did not fit,' she said. ' Stop, don't speak a word. I've an idea.' 'She sat with one finger on her lips for a while. Then she said : ' 'My embroidered dressing gown. The white one ! That's there ?' ' 'In the bureau, Miss,' said I. ' 'Very well,' said she. ' I'll be married in that. Telegraph for the trunk, Flora.' ' 'The white dressing gown, Miss ?' said I, nearly astonished out of my senses. 'Yes,' said she,' the white dressing gown ; you goose, 'you don't think I'm going to be married in church in that. I won't put off the wedding, and I won't stand up before a crowd in anything but my white satin dress! But I'll be married at the appointed hour, for all that. So telegraph for my trunk and come back soon.' 'When I came back I found Miss Grigg in bed and the doctor sent for. He was puzzled, I could see that. He couldn't tell what was the matter, and Miss Grigg was to faint to speak. He questioned me. I said she had been very much agitated. He prescribed something and went off, bidding me send for him if she seemed worse. The evening paper published the report that Miss Grigg was dangerously ill, and Mr. Birch came to the hotel in a terrible fright, as pale as a sheet, to ask how she was. I took him down ' Her love, and she was very ill.' 'Then Miss Grigg said to the ladies who had come in : 'Leave me with my faithful Flora.' ' We were very soon left alone. I can't say that I was surprised when she sat up in bed and said briskly : 'Lock the door, Flora. I'm sick of lying on my back. I've taken them in, haven't I ? You see what I am about now ?' ' Exactly, miss,' said I, ' to be too ill to be married when the time comes.' ' No,' said she ; ' to be ill enough to be married in the white dressing-gown. I'm going to be married on my dying bed, Flora.' 'I gave a screech and she laughed, and then she made a supper of sardines and biscuits and wine, and threw the medicine out of the window. Early next day the doctor came. I answered his question as to what sort of night his patient had passed by saying she had been 'much the same.' Then I took a little note she had written to Mr. Birch, who was anxiously waiting. 'I knew what was in it. She told that rather than leave the world without keeping her vow to him she would be married on her dying bed. I powdered her up well, miss, and dressed her in the embroidered dressing gown, with tube roses at the throat. I pulled down the green shades and darkened the room. She fixed the pillows to prop herself up with, and then skipped into bed. ' ' Give me my pearl bracelets,' she said, 'and the handsomest of those handkerchiefs, and all my rings; and Flora, mind you must sob all through the ceremony. I'm going to be calm.' 'We hadn't five minutes more, but just as the first knock came to the door, she whispered sorrowfully : 'Oh dear ! if I could only have slow music. Couldn't you catch that " Traviata " organ, Flora, and get him to play for half an hour outside the window? He's always on the corner. I'll leave you something handsome if you do.' 'I did it, short as the time was. I caught that man and he ground out his quarter's worth. 'The clergyman was a very nice, neat, near-sighted old gentleman. Mr. Birch was the dreadfullest sight—pale as a ghost and shaking from head to foot. The groomsman looked dreadfully sorry ; the four or five intimate friends looked as though they were at at funeral; and to see her, with her calm smile and powdered face, one hand against her heart, the other in his—I was glad I'd been told to sob: I had to do something. And so they were married. " I feel,' said Miss Grigg. slowly, 'that this, perhaps the last moment of my life, is very sweet. To die thus, with my hand in yours—ah! Dear friend, adieu! Flora, my faithful maid, take this ring.' I saw her pick out the cheapest; but no matter. ' Remember me by it. Now—leave us.' 'Then everybody kissed her and went out of the room sobbing. 'In a moment there was a scream ; Mr. Birch had fainted away. I took an hour to bring him to. 'The reporter of the evening paper was waiting outside for the news. It was all published that night, but the next afternoon the travelling dress came back in the black trunk. ' Yes, miss, of course—Miss Grigg —I mean to say Mrs. Birch—recovered at once. And that's the whole story. I'm the only one that knows it, and I wouldn't mention it to any one but you, ma'am.' 