THE DISSOLUTION ALL PAETIES SUEPEISED. ME. G. H. EEID'S VIEWS. In political circles the all absorbing topic is the dissolution, and the . opinions expressed thereon are varied. Some of the friends of the Government see an effective coup d' etat on the part of the Premier in the move, while members of the Opposition party and some of those whose opinions have hitherto been favorable to the Government look upon the Dibbs dissolution as a piece of characteristic blundering.- The followers of the Government had no idea the end was to come so soon. In tome cases members had arranged to address their constituents on dates that are cow beyond the day of election. It is not surprising, therefore, that members a representing country districts were greatly in censed at tiie action of the Government. A majority of the members of the Opposition, par ticularly those returned by country constituen cies, had for some time a suspicion that the Gov ernment had a card up its sleeve, and consequently were on the alert. The country members who have given the Dibbs Government support had not. left town for their constituencies, as they believed the Government wculd give them the ' tip,' and so enable them to reach the electors in ample time. The proclamation therefore fell like a bomb in the midst of these. Yesterday afternoon and evening there was a hurrying to and fro of telegramB altering elec tioneering dates and arrangements, whilst nearly all the outgoing trains and coastal steamers carried members of the defunct Parliament to their respective districts seeking re-election. The leader of the Opposition (Mr. G. H. Reid) characterises the dissolution as another instance of ministerial trickery, and says it will do theJGo verument no good. If this hurried dissolution was meant to take the freetrade party ''on the hop,' and so cause inconvenience and disadvantage by reason of the plethora of freetrade candidates already in the field, the dodge would gain the Government nothing. Mr. Eeid says that unless the freetrade candidates arrange among them selves for one freetrader to go to the poll in each electorate, the council will give its countenance and support to the strongest, so as to enable the right man to obtain a concentration of freetrade voting power in each electorate. Eegarding the Premier's manifesto, Mr. Eeid considers it only an electioneering placard as it is utterly beneath the dignity of a ministerial manifesto to a civilised country on the eve of a general election. All the things the Premier now pro mises to do he promised to fulfil more than two years ago. He had a very poor opinion of the Government programme, whinh was simply a collection of scraps that have done duty on many previous occasions. Mr. M'Millan says the manifesto of the Premier is the most colorless he has ever read. He considered it was a criminal thing to mislead the country by proroguing the Parliament a single day longer than was necessary. Nearly all ' the candidates for the metro politan constituencies are pleased that the date of the general election is at hand, and many have expressed a desire for the contest to be over. The Freetrade Council held a meeting last night, when the dissolution and the pros pects of the party were fully discussed. There are already about 36 seats for which the freetrade candidates will have little to fear from their own side. The efforts to weed out a number of weak candidates in various electorates are being maintained. The manifesto of the freetrade party will probably be issued about the end of the week. This will contain a reply to the Pre mier's manifesto. A meeting of the Eedfern branch of the Free trade and Land Reform Electoral Committee was held last night in the Town HalL Mr. S. Ponder presided, and 21 new members were elected and admitted. The selection of a candidate to con test the seat at the coming elections was pro ceeded with, and the merits of the various candi dates discussed, Mr. Samuel Bradley being chosen unanimously. A correspondent at Tamworth writes : 'Mr. Raymond J. Walsh, the labor candidate for Tam worth, has just completed a tour throughout the electorate. His chance of success appears good; his friends and supporters are certain of victory. Undoubtedly Mr. Walsh is the 'ghost' that stands between Sir G. B. Dibbs and a further renewal of political life. The Premier's com mittee at least look upon Walsh as the iconoclast who may wreck their political idol. It is, no doubt, owing to the fact that Walsh topped the poll in Tamworth last occasion that Messrs. Levien and Dowel have determined to quit the electorate. Their great chief Dibbs, in selecting Tamworth as his battle ground, is believed by many to be going to his Waterloo.' Mr. W. E. Johnson the selected candidate of the Marrickville Labor Electoral League, addressed a meeting of the .electors last evening. Mr. J. Y. Davidson (president of the league) occupied the chair. The candidate dwelt at length on mining on private property, abolition of the Upper House, and local government. Mr. John son answered several questions, and received a unanimous vote of confidence. The Eer. Phillip Moses, one of the candidates for Woollahra, addressed a meeting of electors in the Oddfellows' Hall, Queen- street, on Monday evening. Mr. Backhouse occupied the chair. Mr. Moses, spoke upon the' Labor party and the leading political items of the day. A vote of con fidence in .him was carried unanimously. Mr. E. D. Millen, freetrade candidate for Bourke, spoke at Barringun last night, and re ceived an excellent hearing. Mr. Jas. Cuffe pre sided and Mr. G. Klaeby proposed a vote of con fidence in the candidate, which was carried unanimously. Mr. W. H. Wilks, freetrader, addressed a meet .ng of the electors nf.Ttn.lmn.i-n North last night, Mr. ? E. Hunt in the chair- Mr. A. W. Hare moved that this meeting of electors of Balmain North consider Mr. W. H. Wilks a fit and proper person to represent thiB electorate in Parliament. Mr. Jackson seconded the motion, which was \- carried. 