? THE PHANTOM HORSEMAN. A TALE OF TASMANIA. (BY C.EG ) There are more thiDgs i l heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. —Shakspeare. I may preface the following true story by stating that I have not, and never had, any belief in the supernatural Spirits— unless in a liquid state—I reckon but the mythB of the superstitious; spiritualism I estimate as arrant humbug, and the socalled supernatural appearances and extra- ordinary " manifestations" of which we hear so much merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular phenomena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, et hoc genus omne, are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily accounted for by those Who dip deeply into scientific lore, or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdennin. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fratemi'y that I would as lief sleep in a churchyard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tombstone for a pillow; and feel sure that no reepectable ghoBt would' resent my itttrtreian into the neighbourbtfod'of hie prison-house. It was in Tasmania, about 22 yeais ago, that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fancied one, and for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation. The time was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds covered the firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral palL A fitting time and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, and my only thoughts were to get home to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. was riding homewards from a country house known as " The Bend," situated on the North Esk River. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to a hand gallop, and just as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from his home the storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious! Torrents of rain descended—each drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder sue ceeded each other with startling and deafening rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals of a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath— so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either Bide of me. There was no room for a sheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. In fact it was not once in six months that anybody ever rode along the path; it was merely intended for foot passengers, and I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching. About half way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit np the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lightning's flash enabled me to see everything clearly. The man was mounted on a grey horse, and was dressed in a light grey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over bis eyes, and top boots. He bad no overcoat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not because of any superstitious fear, but simply because I took bone and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and hoce? like myself and my eteed, and knew that under the circumstances collision was inevitable. We were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or of pulling up our horses. We were a* certain to run into each as the Camperdown into the Victoria when Admiral Tryon gave the fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shock. A couple of seconds suspense and nothing happening, I opened tbem again. Another flash of lightning came and lo ! my horseman had disappeared, and I could see right up the straight lane to the white gate end. I pulled up, turned round, and at the next flash looked back whence I had come. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields on either side ot the gorse hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of simple bewilderment. The horseman must have called at the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but enquiry there only intensified the mystery, as no one had called since I left five hoars previously, and the gate was, as usual, securely padlocked, for the lane was a private one and " no thoroughfare" to the general public. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live ghost. EPILOGUE. The following is an extract from the Launceston Examiner, dated a few days after the event recorded :— " The body of a man which has not yet been identified was fonnd on the Nile road, about a mile from the North Esk river, on Thursday last. Deceased was dressed in a light grey tweed suit, Crimean sbirt, felt hat, and had on a pair of Wellington boots, A grey horse, branded JH near shoulder, was found grazing near the spot with saddle and bridleon. The animal was fubsequently claimed by Mr, , of Evandale, liverystable keeper. Mr. states that the deceased gentleman hired the horse the previous evening, stating that he wished to ride to Launceeton in order to catch a boat - leaving for Melbourne early in the morning. From marks on the body of the deceased it is supposed that he was killed by lightning during the violent storm of tbe previous night. An inquest will be held." 