The Story ot Andrew Fairfax. BY JOSEPH HOOKING, Author of " Elrad the Hie," " Jabea Easterbrook," "Zillah," &o.; Book II.-Preparing for His Work. CHAPTER XXIV. Man and Wife So long Thy power hath blessed me, sure it still Will lead me on, O'er moor and fen, o'er crag and torrent, till The night is gone. Then with the morn those angel voices smile Which I have loved long since, and lost awhile. . -NEWMAN. Andrew did not remain at the cottage after Kitty was taken indoors, but instead hurried back to St. Neot. He found that Miss Lezant had been true to her word. The villagers all rejoiced at having necessary food, while work had been found for the most necessitous until they could return to their ordinary avocations. He was greatly rejoiced that this was the case, for he felt himself unahle to do auy more. It was now three days since he had had any proper rest, so finding his way to his lodgings, he threw himself on his bed in order to get some sorely-needed rest. When he awoke he heard someone knocking at his bedroom door. He found that it was br -ad daylight tjo, and for a time he could hardly realise his whereabouts. " Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Fairfax," said his land lady. " Yes, all-right.' Have I slept long ?" "Ever since yesterday noon." " Anything the matter?" " Amos Crews wants you." "Amos; oh, all right. I ll be down soon." He hurried downstairs, and found the old man waiting anxiously, " Will 'oe come up to our 'ouse, Maastei Andrew ?" he said, tremulously. " Anything the matter ?" " The deear maid do wait to see 'eé, sur." Andrew quickly ate the breakfast that was prepared for him, and went on by Amos's side. The old man did not speak ; but he looked in the .direction of his cottage, and there was a dreamy far-away expression ia his eyes. " Is Kitty well enough to see me ?" asked Andrew, as they cam.9 up to the cottage. "She's waitin' for 'ee sur, waitin' for 'ee." Silently Andrew followed him into the room where the young girl lay. She looked very pale, very fragile; "You wanted to see me, Kitty," he said, gently. "I'm goin'to die, Maaster Fairfax, I'm goin' to die." "Don't say that," replied the young man. She shook her head. " I know," she said, " I know. Do you think I would have asked you here else ?" and a flush came on her pale cheek. " But I'm not afraid to die ; no, not a bit." " Blees the Loard," said Amos, fervently, " she's one of the Loard's dear children, for oal the world may say. I tell 'ee the golden gates of 'eaven will be opened wide for she." " I believe they will," replied Andrew. " I've no fear," said the girl, " no fear. At first I ihought there could be no hope for such as me, and then I seemed to see Jesus speakin' to Mary. And I seemed to hear Him say, ' Yer granfer have forgiven you, and I love you a thousand times more than he. I came to die for you.' I've had no fear since, for I seem as though I've been restin' with Him." For a minute there was. a silence, then she went on " But^-but-I want to be his-his wife afore I go. I've no name, you know, and I want to be called Kitty Cundy afore I go," and she looked up into his eyes with a be- seeching look. . Andrew saw what she meant. " If it can be it shall be." he said. He went away without a word more, and hurried across the field towards Trevadlock. Tie was not long in finding the young far- mer, and without hesitation he told his story. " You main that I must marry her ?" said ' young Sim. "Just that." " But what will Miss Martin say ?" " Cundy," said Andrew, " you must do this. You've killed her, killed her as surely as if you had stabbed her to the heart with a knife, and now you shall make what reparation you can. The girl is your wife in reality, you must make her so in the eyes of the law." For the first time he seemed to realise what he had doue. Hitherto, he had seemed only afraid of consequences, caring nothing for the Bin itself ; now, for a minute, he seemed to Bee himself as he was. " She loves you," went on Andrew, " Bhe was ready to sacrifice everything for you. Be a man, Cundy ; do what you can now." " Is it possible ?" he said at length. " Can we be married out ov church ?" " I will arrange everything," said An- drew, " if you will be a man." For a minute the young, farmer stood as if fighting with a great temptation, then he burst out passionately " No, by-; you shall not do it. I'll do it. I only love she-my Kitty. I'll go and spaik.to the passen, and everything. Come we th me-come !" There was a new light in the young far- mer's eyes, as he tjok hold of Andrew's arm. "Where are you going?" asked Andrew. " Goin' to Kitty." He spoke no other word till they reached the cottage, where they met ¿Amos. The old man's eyes flashed dangerously as he saw his grandchild's destroyer. ' " What do 'ee want here ? ' he asked. " I want Kitty, I want to see -my wife." For a minute the old man seemed stunnéd, then he led the way to Kitty's room. The two entered together, and Kitty looked up with joy in her eyes. " Leave us alone," he said to Amos. " I want to be with my wife." There was new strength, new power in bis voice, a ad wonderingly Amos obeyed. "Have you left them alone together?" asked Andrew. " Yes, and 'ere's mother, she's come away, too," and Amos turned towards his wife. In about'a quarter of an hour young Sim came back. " Come with me," he said to Andrew, " and see that I do the right thing. I hate you, you've made me Feem like a devil. But never mind, I can he a man as well as you. Kitty's my wife, do you hear? Tell everybody that I said so. My wife! I'm goin' to the passen now. I want to arrange everything so that he can come, and marry as. Do you see ? I want to make haste ! Kitty may-may-come on, quick !" The two hurried on to the rectory, and were soon closeted with the clergyman. Young Sim told his story, told it as though he were anxious that all evil should be laid on him. " I want 'ee to marry us, Passen Childs," he said ; " she es my wife, but I want oal the world to knaw it." The clergyman spoke of the irregularity of the proceeding. " " That's nothing to me. This Fairfax says it can be done. You must come and do it. I'm going to make every arrange- ment, and as soon as possible I'll let 'ee knaw." Two days after there was a curious gathering at old Amos's cottage. Kitty was still alive, but her face was flushed, and her eyes flashed strangely. Parson Childs was there too, and Andrew, and young Sim, and the doctor. " Is all ready and right?" said the young farmer to the clergyman. " Yes, yes, I believe that-" " That'll do. Now, Fairfax, you shall see that I'm a mau as good as you. I love Kitty; she's my wife. I'm going to make her so by law. Passen, are you ready ?" They entered the bedroom. Kitty lay panting on the scanty pillows, with a bright look in her eyes. She watched Sim's face with an anxious expression, and then, when he came to her side, she took his hand and caressed it fondly. They arranged themselves around the bed, while the clergyman opened his book. " Granfer, granny," said Kitty, " I should like to have the-the sacrament before I-" ' ? " Have you bread and wine ?" said the clergyman ; " if so, it can be administered at once." " Maaster Andrew brought some, wine laast night," said the old woman with quavering voice,'.while . Sim looked angrily at Andrew, as though he loathed the thought of his doing anything which he himself ought to have done. The wine was brought into the room, and poured into a cüp..'. " If there were time, we might have had the sacrament cup from the church," said the clergyman, as he prepared to administ ?r the sacred rite. . " Let granfer give it me," said Kitty, tre- mulously. "It would seem better from him." The clergyman looked indignant, and seemed about to speak, but one look at old Amos's face checked Mm. There was the look of an inspired prophet in his eyes, and heedless of the rector's presence, he fell on his knees. " Let ns pray," he said.. There was a wondrous power in his voice, as though One mightier than he spoke through him, and spite of everything the old priest knelt with the rest. ' " Dear Loard," said Amos, in faltering ac- cents, "Thou knowest that one of thy little children have come hack to thy great heart. The doctor do say that we caan't keep her here, Loard, and so we come to thee in this way. Thou didst come among us to tell of thy love, and to show us the way of life, and now we commemorate thy dyin' love, thou art very near to us, Loard. We feel thee, and so we know that this sacrament will he very precious to our souls. Save us *all from sin--help us to forgive-even our enemies. Ay, they who've wronged us, as thou knowest, Loard, I do, and Loard Jesus help us to say, thy will be done." j They rose from their knees, and then Amos, with trembling limbs, but reverently, partook of the bread and the wine, and gave to the dying girl. \- - J-0 0-. "I know the door Loard do forgive me," she said, " for I love him so, and I have such peace at my heart." j Several times tho rector seemed about to protest, but was unable. A hallowed pre- sence pervaded the room. A power was there which forbade priestly assumption and bigotry. They seemed to be all led to the heart of things, and saw that religion was of tho Spirit and not of form. I "And now," said Amos, " will you do your work, Maaster Childs ?" . The rector opened his book again while yjo-ing Sim took hold of Kitty's hand. Solemnly the old clergyman read the ser- vice, firmly and steadily did young Sim make his responses, while quietly but clearly did Kitty say the words that made her his in the eyes of the law. j Simeon Cundy, wilt thou have this \voman to be thy lawful wedded wife? i . '' '? ' 1 " I will." , ¡ " Kitty Crews, wilt thou have this mah to be thy lawful wedded husband ? . . ." . " I will." Young Sim placed the ring on her finger, vfhile a wan smile crept over her face. j " . . . In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I pronounce you mao and wife ; whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder." ? " Parson, are we married now, are we?" : " In the eyes of God, yes ; but you. must sign the--" ?' "Bring them here, quick." ' The books were brought, and each signed, Kitty writing her name clearly and legibly. i " Are we married now?" asked the young farmer again, : "Yes." . .?- * " In the eyes of the law ?" .. " In the eyes of the law." " Do you hear that, Kitty ? You are mine in the eyes of the law." j She looked up at kim with a glad smile. ." My husband," she said, softly. ' She lay hack on the pillows, while a great change came over her. A film crept over i her eyes. " Help," cried Sim, " her hands be gittin' cold." ; i The doctor came near, and shook his head. " She is going fast," he said ; " the un- natural strength which Bhe possessed is gone, and now she will go out like a spark." " She mustn't," cried the young farmer. " She's my wife--do you hear, my wife ! Look up, Kitty, my darlin'-speak to me you are my wife. You are Kitty Cundy I" But Kitty spoke not, while her eyes closed. All st^od silently around by the bedside and watched the dying girl. Presently she looked up again, while her hands pressed those of her husband. . " Will you kneel and say ,* Our Father ' with me ?"' she said to Sim. ; The young farmer knelt down, sobbing like a child. . " I always loved you, Kitty," he mur- mured, " only you." . 1 She did not reply save by a'wan smile, and then, began the Lord's Prayer. Word by word they repeated it together until they came to the words,-" As we- forgive them that trespass against us," then she stopped. ; " Whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder," she murmured. " And we are-?" " Man and wife," said Sim, huskily. " For ever and ever ?" she murmured. " For ever and ever, so help me, God." Her mouth moved aa if she said Amen, but they heard no words. For a minute they thought she had gone, but the life was not yet extinct. The lips still quivered, the breath still came. After a few seconds she looked up with a glad look in her eyes. " You are not disgraced," she said, look- ing towards her grandparents, "I am his. wife." Tears trickled down their wrinkled faces, while Sim said, huskily " Yes, my God, my wife." " For ever and ever/' she murmuced, as if in a dream ; then a shiver p issed through her frame-and they knew that all was over. Old Amos looked at the sweet placid face, and lifted his eyes upward. *' Lord, now , leitest thou thy servant depart in peace, for mine ejTes have seen thy salvation," he said, solemnly, when one by one they left the room, leaving the man and his wife together. . .« , 