Mr. Bjggles's Con version. By Grosvenor Bunster, ' Ghosts I' sneered M r. BuggUs, 'bah! rot 1 humbug I Figments of the imagina tion, my dear sir— disordered digestion, queer Uver and so on, / know. Why, sir, my wife, poor girl, used to say when »he was in a temper (as she usually was), used to 6ny that if she died first she'd haunt me. Haunt me\ hat hat hat Poor eirl. noor Billy girl I' Mr, BuggloB was sitting over his vriae with three or four cronies. In the gloom ol the evening, the fitful gleams of the fire had suggested to one of tbe guests the idea of ghosts. He was a tall, lean, sepulchral sort of man with a voice that seemed to issue from some hollow drum, and altogether one of those persons who, we should be naturally disposed to think, was given to eupernatnraV fancies. Moreover, he drank gin. His name was Jubbs. 'Well, I don't know,' said Mr. Jubba. ' PerhapB some of these day's she'll keep her word.' ' Eh ?' cried Mr. Bngglen, Betting down the glass which he was in the act of rising to nialips. 'Eh?11 ' I 8i\y that perhaps she'll keep her word.' 11 Pooh, pooh,' said Mr. Buggies. ' Don't talk lilst an ass, Jubbo. Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and — ah — io on, should talk like that.' ' Well,' said a'heavy-looking man nnmed Jinks, ' I don't know,' and he drank oil his glaeB of port. 'There's no telling,' observed a small man with spectacles at the other end of tho tnble. ' Shakespeare tells us tbat there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy.' 11 Shakespeare, said Mr. Buggies com placeatly, ' was a — a — fool.' Mr. Buggies was not the first person in the world wllo bad given utterance to this opinion. In the reign of the George the Third intellect, ' Shakespeare is poor stuff,' and tho Gcorga tho Third intellect is the average order. Mr. Jinks and Mr. Jitbhg felt aggrieved, But when a man is dining with another ho is, of course, compelled to keep his opinions to himself. It was not until they were walking through KiUroy Gardens on their homeward way that thej expressed them selyes ver? strongly about Mr. BugglcB' rndc method of disposing of a debateable question, 11 If it hadn't been I was eitUce there, ns his guest,' said Jinks, 'I'd ha' told him what I thought of him.' ' Tell you what,1! said Jubbi, ' it would serve him right to give him a scare.' ' It would. It we could raise the ghost of his wife now. Poor woman, no wonder she died.' ' We'll do it,' cried the other with en. thusioam. ' We'll do it. Confound the fellow with his self-opinionated airs. I'd like to see him taken down a peg.' Whereupon the two friends there and then regplved tbat the thing should be done, con vinced that it would-bo the more easy of accomplishment, inasmuch aa each instinct ively felt that Mr. Buggies was a rank im poster, and liko most bodies, an arrant coward. Time posted, and Buggies still maintained his defiant attitude as to the existence of ghosts . Nevertheless, he had latterly been somewhat agitated by sundry and divers eccentric noises and movements around and about bis house, which wns a comfortable habitation in Fitzroy, standing in a goodly garden and backed by a considerable field, wherein an Aldcrnoy cow graced. Now this cow had latterly exhibited somo evidence of aberrations of intellect. She would bogin.to bellow for no oscertainobly reason about midnight, and if not locked up in tho stable would tear around the enclosure furiously. Buggies cunsulted a veterinary Burgeon, who examined the animal, and pronounced her as healthy a corr as any in existence. 'Then what makes her fly around at night and bellow fit to raise tho root oft?' cried Buggies, irritably. 11 Dashed if I can tell,' said tbe Vet., ' unless something frightens her. Maybe)' headded, jocularly, ' a ghost ib around, and it don't agree with hor.' ThiB was a joke, but it struck Buggies, not only as a bad one, but as one uncon sciously aimed at his heterodox notions in tho subject of ghosts. He told the 'Vet. tbat ho talked like a fool, but as bo paid that worthy a guinea, the impertinence was pocketed with the cow—complacently. But this waa not all. Oontemporaneoufly with the cow movement, there were other signs 'i' the air' of supernatural .high JinkB. Every cat in tho neighborhood seemed to be animated by some interest of .unusual character. They (scattered about the roof, moaning and spitting fearfully. The hooting of raopchawks could be heard ; while dismal moanings outside Buggloi' bedroom window, and sometimes a weird but Buppresacd sbriek added to these fear some, episodes. As for the watchdog, he yelped, and howled, and bayed, and barked until he grew aa hoarse aa a raven. And Bag lows began to be nervous. He put the servants on watch, and got a policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good ; the cow went oa as before, to did the cati, bo did tbe mopetiawka, ao did the dog, and the moans and screams did not cease, Ik wai getting Borioue. Uu6s:cs had to drink an extra glass or two of toddy overy night to steady his nerveB, Ho went ao far aa to apeak to iii« frlonds, with »ffeoted jocularity, about these mutters, But th'ey looked grave ; Jinks shook his head solemn ly, and Jubb's repeated Shakespeare'a Hnea reflectively. 'Well, I'll end it ?oraohow,' mid Buggies one starlit but rough night, as ho eat listen ing to the moaning ol tliu wind, and the rat tling of tho window sbnttors. ' There I Tlusro goes that darned cow again, and— and—' A mournful cry wai heard, u from ono in great agony, and just uloso to the house. Uugi'lca shook. 'if it he possible, after all,' ho muttered, 'and she has kept her word I Perhaps I didn't treat her orei and above well— Botnetimea,' ? . ? Sometimes 1 The lalo lamented Mrs, Bag«j gleg had led auch a life that death must hato' been welcome to her. A faint aansciousnefls! of this circumstance added to the terioral which noTr began to take bold upon Mr.' Buggies' imagination. ' ' I'll eoll tho plncol'ho muttered, ' and( that cow ah all be slaughtered to-morrow. Gracious I hbvr that dog is barking. I can't i stand it ; anything is hotter than this tus ponse, I'll fnoo it, whatever it ie.' And ho buttoned up bia coat, and clapped' his hat upon his head with an air of manful determination. Seizing the first weapon at' hand — it happened to bo a hammer whioh . ho wa« in the habit of using to crack gcolo- j gicnl specimens (for he dabbled in science, I did Buggies)— he issued forth into the garden.; 1'his he traversed. Nothing was to be aeon, and it was with a firmer step and stouter heart that he pnaoed into tho field. The ; Sow was stabled, but she was lowing mourn- - fully. As I have Baid, the night was clear, but ! the gush of wind which passed tbe field and. bent and Bwayed the trees therein, moaning the while, lent an uncanny influonco to the time and scene. Again Mr, Buggies' spirits fell, and a creepy feeling enmc over him. He shivered, paired, and was about to turn: bock, when his eyas fell upon nn object, thet Bight of which made him jump into the air'; like an acrubat, dropping his hammer in the action. And then ho stood stock still, paralysed by fear, and gazing with eyes that started from their ncckota, and oao-1 pended brcnthing at the thing beforo him. It was a figure of a woman, clothed from! head to foot in a white gnrmont, which; covered her nrmB close into her body.i Buggies could not recognise the featurcB, because they also were covered, bat his ex- 1 cited imagination and accusing conscience! revealed to him tbat the ugme wns that of] his dead wife, and that without doubt abet bad kept her word and had come from thai shades to baunt him thus. The figure dtdi not move, frvo that it swayed in the wind* in which its ghostly garments fluttered overt and anon. Mr. Buggies gazed until his knee, gave away, and at lust, with a suppressed! shriek, ho fell to the ground insensible. How long be lay thus I do not know.. When he recovered himself and sat up, andj turned his eyeB fearfully towards the Bpot1 upon which be hnd seen the apparition it, was gone. He crawled back fearfully to tao houso, let himself in with a latch-key, and; repairing to a spirit closet, awallowed a vast glass of brandy ; then he crept to bed. But no sleep came to him. The grueioraa sight he bad looked upon haunted him! through the ntgbt, and for many a night I thereafter. But, singularly enough, from' that night the trouble ccosod. The cow: ceased to bellow, the cats banished their; concerts to just and natural proportions, tbo, watch-dog no longer barked his tail off. And,' though Buggies set Bomo stout fellows on the watch none of them ove'r saw the ghoat.' Ab for tbe mopebavrlis, everybody sniggered; when Buggies spoke about them. Mope- 1 hawka in tho centra of Pittroy — pooh I! ridiculouB I , However, Mr. Buggies' experience had a, very salutary effect upon his mind and man-, ner. He no longer argued with auch dog-; matic offensiveness, and, to the surprise of hiB friends, would listen to the most extra ordinary statements with an air of credulity , and bumble trust, wholly different to tbnt, self-assertive manner with whioh he had. been won't to dispute matters beyond bis, ken. Altogether be waa a changed man,, and Jubband Jinks plumed themselves nponj the success and effects of their plant, with v.ery good reason. i For it was indeed to their ingenious in.-, veation that the matter was to be traced.! The veterinary surgeon who had been called,' in by Mr. Buggies t.o inspect the cow was in the secret. It was be who supplied certaidj herbs which, partaken of by tbe animal — being dropped into the field during the day. — brought about spasms about 'midnight. Her bellowinga wero but an expression of pain ; but, as Mr. Buggies could not read! cow language he had been unable to inter-) pret these. As for tbe cats, tbe wicked con-j spirator had gathered them far and wide,! encased their claws in walnut shells, tiedi their taila together, and otherwise caused! them to contribute to tho hubbub. Ofj ?course, oil thio made the dog bark, while the! mopehawks were simulated very easily. ? And, further, tbe figure which had scared! Mr. Buggies eo dreadfully waa nothing more than a fashion-frame such as linen-drapers, use to exhibit ? ladies' dresses. The taing,- after all, was very simple, but it had been conducted with such caution tbat nobody bud been enabled to make it ou,t, or expose, the fraud. And, as tbe result had been bo happy, Jinks and Jubba consoled themselves with tho reflection- lhat the end sometimes does, indeed, justify the means. 