The Ghost of Gray's Iansquare. [Br WAKTEE HALDAHE.] I.—PBBLIMINAHY. The Editor of tbe Westminster Budget presents his compliments to Mr. John Saltcombe, and will be glad to receive from him for publication a full account of his recent strange adventures in his chambers. Mr. John Saltcombe presents his compliments to the Editor, and has icuoh pleasure in enclosing herewith tbe MS. for which the Editor was kind enough te ask, accompanied by a document in corroboration of a remarkable story. 39b, Gray's Inn-square. It—IN THE LAW CoctTs. From the terms of :the application made to me by the Editor it is obvious that he has already heard in outline the very singular story I have to telL I have reason to believe, indeed, that my peculiar adventures have of late gained a pretty wide currency in legal circles—a publicity which I must frankly own is by no means to my taste. So many utterly absurd versions of the affair have been noised abroad, however, that on the whole I think Ioannot do better, even in my own interests, than commit to paper, with professional precision, exactly what happened. And'I say to those of my friends who have been guilty of romancing, "Mark now, how a plain tale shall set you down." This, then,. .wa/s the beginning of my adventure. I am sure I need do no more than mention the great case of Whackby v. Thrapston, which filled columns of the newspapers for dayB a few months ago. You remember it ? Of course you do. Every one knows the story of the forged willby this time, and recalls how on one day the witnesses on the Whackby ride seemed to carry all before them when they swore that the will was not authentic, while on the next day every "man in the street'' you met was ready to declare that the Tbrapston party was absolutely bound to win, looking to the impregnable strength of the Alidenoe on their side of the cate. I am not going to say-directly onwhieh side I appeared; but I am going to say it in a ronndajyut-pay--whicb will t>e no puzzle to any newgppmr.reader gifted with a memory. It was my professional duty to extract everything irWarouratile . to himself which I could possibly wsreiw out«f the rascally Italian valet, AntonW.-Puses; whose ^videnca was so vital concerning the execution of the disputed will. Now. in my time I have had many a scoundrel to deal with in the witness-box, and I believe I am not without the reputation of "badgering" when it is called for. I had not, however, to be very truoulent with Paeca —he seemed too pitiful a fool. But I want you carefully 'to note two points. The first point is that the snaky fellow really did exercise a sort of serpentine fascination over me, although, of course, I never lost my Ee'fcontrol. There was something uncanny about his bright, beadlike, dark, shifty eyes, and his oloBe-cropped, blaok-haired, bullet-shaped head; and his figure appeared in my. dreams more than once during the two or three days on which he was under examination. For one thing, I was determined to make him speak the truth, the whole trnth, and nothing but the truth, before I had done with him ; and modesty forbids that I should do more than allude to the triumphant success with which my efforts were crowned on the last day of Pasca's appearance in the Courts. It was fl "foggy "November day, and the crowded Court was just about to adjourn until thf morrow, when one of my best hits was made. , " Now remember, you are on your oath, sir. You admit buying this blue foolscap, five days after the testator's death, at a shop in Florence. Very well. Now tell me, did you or did you not say to any' . one that you saw no harm in exchanging one piece of blue paper for another, provided you ran no risk, and tha.t you were well paid for your work? 1 ' The answer is historic, and the probability of an indictment for perjury at onoe became apparent. The Court rose almost immediately, and there was the usual bustle attending the operation. This is the second point I wish you to recollect. As I wasleaving the building Paeca met me face to face, and, for once, he looked straight into my eyes with a wicked stare. "You shall nevare forget this night," he hissed, serpentine as always, "nevare, nevare! You haf kill me; I will kill you. Nerare, until yon are dead yourself, shall you be free from Antonio Pasca!" He uplifted his hand, as though there were a weapon in it, as if to strike at me. Another look of malignant purport, and he had gone. How excitable the Southern temperament is !" I said lightly to myself, as I returned to my chambers, highly amused. The next morning there was some delay in resuming the trial. It was irritating, as £ meant to complete Pasca's discomfiture. At last an explanation was brought into Court, which quite changed the current of my thoughts. Nevermore would Pasca appear before earthly Judge. He had shot himself that morning. III.—IH CHAMBERS. Of oourse I did not allow myself to be upset by the suioide of a man like Pasca. It was not my fault that he had chosen to sneak out of life as he had sneaked through it. No; "man of the world," and hardened lawyer as I am, with sound mental and bodily health, and an arduous profession to claim all my energies, I was not going to burden mysejf with any unpleasant reflections. I was very busy that night—it was a Thursday, I remember—in reading up a stiff brief relating to a case of an entirely different nature. The brief, by a familiar contradiction in phraseology, was very long and very dry, and I felt exceedingly tired as the clo^k marked the small houra. I left tbe document, open at a certain page, lying on my table, so as to be ready to resume its study early in the morning, extinguished my reading-lamp, and tumbled wearily into bed. Events proved that I had slept Eouudlv, very soundly, although I am conscious that I had one or two evil glimpses in the night of that pestilent fellow Pasca, but they were mere fragments of dreams. When I arose at 7 and lighted my gas-fire and the lamp, what was it that caused me to start back from my table as though I had been shot? This :—The brief I had been reading was lying exaotly as I had left it, but on the blank page, in a band which I at once recognised as Pasca's through having pored over some of bis writing during the will case, were these words —"You shall never forget me. You have killed me, I will kill you. Untilyour death you shall never be rid of ANTONIO PASCA." Almost the very words the impudent fellow had ueed to me on the evening of our encounter. What could it mean ? Was it a trick'! Could he have penetra——. No, I recalled with an involuntary shudder ; be was dead— dead by his own band '. The man being Italian, I wondered dully if he oonld be in league with a Secret 3ociety who meant to aveng/bi, taking^ But, if so, why not have stabbed me as I slept rather than waste time in scribble of this sort ? Strangely startled, I must admit, my next step was to examine the door. Ah, here was an explanation. By some oversight I had not secured it, or at any rate it was unfastened, although the lock was in perfect order. Some one in stupid joke or in deadly earnest bad entered by that means— and had gone. But the jocular theory did not commend itself, aud I was not abie to remember having told any one of my meeting with Pasca. Had any person overheard his vrild words ? Then the handwriting—so entirely Pasca's. Was 1 persecuted by this miserable map's ghost - ; I began to think it possible that I was. Here was the rascal keeping his word with a vengeance—in a double sense. 1 eaid nothing, but I was far from being myself that day. One solution of mystery did occur to me, and I puts it to Lthe test that nieht. In order to make certain that I had not walked and written in my sleep—a thing I bad never done in my life—I arranged the objects on my writing table in such an unaccustomed manner that any one—myself or a strarger—could by no means be able to write without taking an infinity of trouble to find the materials. Furthermore, on that Friday night I rssolutely banished all thought of Paeca. and retired, after first carefully locking the double door. I slept well, but again felt at one period of the night that Pasca was near me. And again, when I awoke, there was the same message, in the same mysterious hand, but written this time in red ink on half a sheet of letter-paper! The objects on the writing table had not been disturbed in the slightest degree, and although it was quite likely there waa red ink in the chambers I certainly could not have found it at the moment. Clearly, then, I was not my own correspondent. Where was thiB to end ? I took serious alarm. How on earth did tbe ellow affect an entrance? The door was as I i ;id left it, the key under my pillow; tbe chimney was impassable for any mortal. The window was poadbio, but difficult, ani securely fastened. Could there be a secret panel? I couldn't diecover the Ieasttrase of one. How covJd the message have oome ? I was at my wits' end to account for it. On Saturday, the third night, I again had occasion to be very busy with my papers until a late hour, when my labours were pleasantly interrupted by a friendly call from my friend Cl&rriker;, the well-known physician. " Holloa ! What on earth's the" matter with j you?" he asked, in his cheery way. " You look as though you'd be in my hands soon, if you are not careful." "Nothing on earth ails me," I answered with emphasis. At last I told him of tbe ghost—for I bad come to believe that it must be a cboat that tormented me. "Very well, very well," he said quietly, when I bad made my confession. "I'll stop here to night while you sleep. There's nothing at all to be alarmed about; nothing at all." " I am not very sure about that," I replied; but I obeyed, and again sank into deep slumber. I awoke in agonies—awoke bo find Clarriker gone, and to find a pale, phosphorescent sort of light hovering through the room. Yes, and there was Paeca, etherealized but brutish still, slowly scrawling one of his infernal mes- Bages. Filled with fury I leaped up in an instant, intending to crush the THING—whatever it wa*—by my sheer weight. I oould not do it! I fell through ths figure without affecting it one bit ! Pasca turned and grinned at me with fiendish glee. Doubly enraged, I stretched out ray hand. It tell powerless on tbe table! "You haf kill me; I will kill you!" he said, in a hollow voice, as he whipped a dagger somehow from out of the phosphorescence surrounding him and pinned my hand to the table. Instantly I seemed to lose knowledge of everything, and the .story parses into other hands. IV.—THE STATEMENT OK SAMUEL CLAB- BiKsa, M.D. When I called on Mr. Saltcombe, as he hag related, I did my beat to eoothe him. He was much disturbed. His case is GO peculiar, although by no means unique, that I have noted it for a medical journal. But it would be useless to weary the general reader with jargon about unconscious cerebration, the two lobes of the brain, and all the rest of it. Mr. Saltcombe had been much over-worked. Pasca's threat bad really made a much deeper imprint upon his brain than. he was at all aware of. The overwork disordered the function of sleep. This in turn produced dreams of the Italian; and a little carefni reflection—if you will eo far favour me, my dear sir or my dear madam —will explain the rest. Mr. Saltcombe himself was tbe writer of the denunciations which had been eo alarming. The concluding vision of the Italian was no more substantial than the dagger with which my friend thought bis band was skewered to the table. That weapon was in -reality simply jjiy fingers laid gently upon his. Once I had incontestable proof of a diseased condition we were soon able to lay the ghost for ever. But who can doubt that in an earlier age these experiences would have been solidified into a firm conviction respecting the achievements of tbe ghost of Gray's Inn- square.—Westminster Budget. 