UNDER HE SHADOW . OF CHE; OR, THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT BLIEAVEN. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' By JEAN MIDDLEMASS. ' ' - Author op. " A GIRL IN A: THOUSAND," "SEALED BY A KISS," "BY FAIR MEANS," &o.; . COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER VII, -(Continued). " Very glad to see you, Pierce. He would' not liavo said it at all if )to had not been absolutely compelled, and no one know this better than .'Pierce, although he smiled and showed "= ">» u»",luu "-p- pearance accepted in all good faith, the very general invitation that had . been given him. For a few minutes thej all three , talked cordially enough on topics of interest in connection with their ' neighbors. Then, Lady Gertrude hav ing rung for tea, Sir Clement rose i when it camo in and said, not being' a tea-drinker i.e would leave Pierce to her tender mercies as he wished to give his bailiff some orders before the men left off work.- Had Sir Clement Dnnraven been man who thought seriously before he acted he would probably not have been weighted by the heavy load of trouble which now oppressed him, and very ' certainly it was not the least (foolish thing he ever did when ho left i Pierce Vaughan alone with Lady I Gertrude, not that Pierce had any idea of making love to her, although he had professed himself to be one of her suitors before her marriage. He was far too careful a man to commit himself by a flirtation with another man's wife, but there are other ways of ruining conjugal peace ' besides love-making. He had had a long walk and was rather tired he re marked,' and tho lady having nothing ; to do but amuse and be amused, they settled themselves down for a good chat about, everything and every body. What Pierce Yaughan said, he Would probably nevor have said, if the ppportunity had not been as it wore made for him. He certainly had had ho intention of doing more than wiiat he . called "look up his relations," when he started for a visit to Aboyne Court. Clement Dunraveh'. hod given him One lead by., going indiscreetly away; Lady Gertrude gave him a second by in unwary question. , " Do you not think Clement is very ' changed, and looks as if he had some terrible worry?" she asked, as Bhe jbanded him his second cup of tea. ; " I have seen very little of him since his marriage," replied Mr. Vaughan, "but I cannot help recognising the fact that he is changed." " He says it is the responsibility of, being a landlord that weighs upon him." "Oh! I should not have given' Clement credit for having scruples." w "What do you mean? All con-; scientious people must have scruples at times." " And you consider Clement to.be very conscientious— conscience '. is; not as a rule a highly developed masculine quality.'' ' V "Oh, Mr. Vaugban l Bowcan .you talk so?" He laughed cynically. 1 " Believe mo, Lady Gertrude, wo are all sad dogs, and I don't fancy Clem is any better that the rest of us. At any rate he never used to bo. What reformations you have brought about of course I am no judge of, but for the present I am not inclined to believe in them." Lady Gertrudo looked very serious, &hd; for a momont or two did- not ppeak ; then sho said — ' I wonder what you mean, and I wonder now what Clement mennt when he told me on the evening that lie asked mo to be his wife, that he was not: a man I ought to trust. And that if I did so it was at my own risk." " Clomont told you this?" And Pierce "V aughan seemed ex ceedingly surprised, and momentarily- startled out of his sang froid, ho un consciously drew his chair a few paces nearer his hostess. " He did. Rut why does it astonish you so much ?" I did not think — well, to tell tho truth, I did not think ho would have dared." " Hot daro to .toll me. You forgot he was asking mo to.be his wife." " There are some episodes in a man's life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last porsou to be told of. I, for instance,' should- never have made any reference to Clement's past, if he had not done so himself." "You know then, know that there is something worrying Clement, and about which he will not be explicit." " I can imagine that it may be so." / " And you will tell me what it is, so that I may uso all the means in my power to remove this annoyance." " You ?'' " Do not say ' you ' in that tone, Mr. Vaughan. Is it so very strange that I should wish to make my hus band happy?" " Impossible. It is quite impossible for you to do anything in this matter. Besides, unless Clement tells you the whole truth himself I will certainly not do so. I couid not betray confi dence." " I will ask him the first time I have an opportunity," 'she said naively, as though site fully expected that to ask was to receive the infor mation she wanted. Pierce Vaughan smiled and won dered what sort of an explanation her enquiries would call forth. Very cer tainly he himself could not have given a full ono since lie knew no more of Clement's affairs than that to which some suspicions pointed. It was there fore not only wise but imperative that ho should deal. in innuendoes. '"There was a letter, once," went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to herself, " I would not read it, it came the day before our marriage," "A letter!" And in spite of himself a blush spread over his usually pallid face. She did not notice, however. Sho was too much engrossed by the subject that , was so near to her. "Yes, it was signed by a woman, I forget the name, and was accompanied by one from an anonymous well- wisher. I gave them to Clement and he burnt .them both. You see I could not in honor accept any anonymous communication. Fancy setting such a low, cowardly wnritirig in the dark against Clement's truth." " And he explained the matter ?" " Of course. He said all men had had their youthful escapades ; that ho was no better or worse than others. Just what you say yourself Mr, Vaughan, that it does not do for a wife to pry too closely, I am sure I am not curious, and if Clement did not look so unhappy and ' worried I should not ask a single question about his past'. I. do wish you would help me to put everything quite right for him." "I would do a great deal for you, Lady Gertrude, but in this matter I do not see how I can help you. You aro evidently not aware that Clement, although he is my first cousin, enter tains no friendly feeling towards mo. Why; I cannot say, since wo have been more or less brought up together, un less from the fact that I know more about his affairs than quite pleases him." "I am sure Clement would never dislike you. for this if you are good and kind to him," cried Lady Gertrude warmly. / Pierce. Vaughan shrugged his shoul ders. ; ." There is perhaps another reason," be Said, " why Clement does not espe cially affect me. You know the old lines— .. Forgiveness to the injured does belong, But those ne'or pardon who have done the wrong? ' . " And how J does that apply to Clement?" " If Clem had not undormined my (position with my undo, I should not be the pauper I am to-day." " Oh Mr. Vaughan how unjust, Clement is incapable of doing such a thing. I have heard him several times express his regret that you had not a larger sum of money loft you, and that ho should like to make ib up." I "Mere words, dear Lady Gertrude. It is very likely that ho would give money up to ntowhen ho mnrriod you in j order to get this place and tlio fortune, Sir Louis insisted on tho marriage; if lie had refused ho would have been disinherited." Lady Gertrude became crimson, then deadly pale, so much so that Pierce got frightened and' thought he had gone too far, and hastily began eating liis words. "I don't say ho did not care for you, dear Lady Gertrude, what man could do otherwise " "Ehough, Mr. Vaughan," , cried Lady Gertrude, drawing hefsolf up with dignity, " w.o have already talked, too much about Clement and his affairs." ' This wound to her self-pride re minded her keenly of hot- wifely duty. i Ho forthwith accepted the dismissal of tho stibject. Ho knew as well as she did that enough had been shid to leave a frtr deeper wound than Lady Gertrude had any idea of ; only one thing more he must do- — he rtiuSb take care of himself. Ho rose to take his leave. As she gave him her hand he bent over it. "I will never say another word about these matters," ho said, " unless you begin tho conversation, and I do hope you will make me one promise." " What is it ?" " Never to tell Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow further dissension botween us by giving him cause to dislike me. I spoke in confidence, which' I already regret, since I am striving nty utmost to forgive Clement any injury ho may have done me, and I dp so wish that wo may all be good friends — you wiil promise." . " I promise, Mr. Vaughan, I would not mttko any mischief between you and Clement for all the world." He kissed the littlo hand he still held and without further observation wont away to stroll back across the fields to Lady Marcitt Foljambo's. For a long half-hour after lie left her Lady Gertrude sat very still, and looked us white and scared as if she had seen a ghost. Atirl so indeed she had, a ghost that would stalk by her side, nor leave her during the rest of her pilgrimage. Can there bo a drearier or . more cheerless companion of our way than suspicion of one we love. One, too, that sticketh close, for neither by night nor day does the treacherous fear ever desert us. When Pierce' Vaughan. introduced this evcr- stnlking fiend into Lady Gertrude's, until now, happy, con fiding. life was he not committing a moral murder that should be subject as an actual one to the utmost rigor of the law. Noi' was he any the happier for 'his base innuendoes, to judge from his face and look as he sauntered slowly aoross the fields. Ho had sown the seed of dissension that might bring Cloment Diinravin's ruin, yet he scarcely felt the Satanic triumph he expected. It was rather a nauseous feeling of dread lest he himself should be caught in his own' net that pursued hiut, and made him almost regret that ho .had been be guiled into this talk with Lady Ger trude, Thou he roused himself with a strong effort and. tried to rid him self of the oppressive fears, for was he not playing for a high stake 1 Sir Louis Dunraven's will was a a strange one. No ono knew its power and value better than Pierce Vaughan, rich as ho was in lawyer-like acumen. Tho contents of the will had been, by Clement's desire, kept concealed from Lady Gertrudo, or she would have known what she had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have for feited Aboyne Court and its concomi tant fortune if ho had not married the only daughter of the Earl of Melbury. Tho marriage had taken place and the disposal of the old baronet's for tune had been arranged — Sir Miles Berkeley being executor — with the family lawyer ; what need was there then for Pierce Vaughan to meddle. Sir Louis had been clever enough not to make Pierce an executor, since he foresaw that there might bo trouble between tho. cousins. He had merely left him £5000 as a legacy — whioh Pierco regarded as a mere pittance— and made no further mention of his name. Like many anothor clover man, Sir Louis had considerably ovorshot his mark in this will. All his wisdom seemed to have gone forth in making honest Sir Miles Berkeley his executor, he did not seem to realise that, as cir cumstances alter cases, the positions of the two cousins would change, and that bad blood, unless they wore absolutely saints, must be the outcome of this testamentary document. There was yet another clause iu tho will, more perplexing and. calculated to produce greater difficulties, than that of the enforced marriage ; it was to tho effect that, should Clement Dunraven at any time become divorced from Lady Gertrude by any fault of his own the estates were to pass away from him to' his son and heir if lie had one, if not, to Pierce Vaughan as next of kin. Sir Louis Dunraven, with all his shrewdness, had scarcely' taken the measure of bis pot nephew, his sister's son, or he would scarcely liavo left such an instrument in the hands of a man as sordid and cunning as was Pierco Vaughan. Rase and degenerate as had been Clement Dunraven's act, he was by nature not nearly so wicked a man as his cousin. Clement's vices were tho result of weakness, he could not resist temptation, whereas tho other had a special facility for conducting intrigue, and, given a sufficient time for de velopment, would probably not stop at crime. 