A WOMAN'S WIT. c Daring tbe assizes held in a Southern city the court was crowded to its utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of swaying humanity outside awaited the verdict. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two young fellows of good birth, companions since childhood, hid set themselves to earn fsme and fortune, or the latter at least, in their native place ; Albert Musgrave as an artist, Herbert Caison as a doctor. Their love for each other was brotherly—yet love -was the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a sunny-haired, bright-eyed, laughing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favon were pretty equally bestowed between Musgrave and Cadson. One morning people were horrified with a report of a murder. Musgi had been shot in his studio. A revolver was found on the table a few inches from the dead body. The bullet, which after passing through his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the others which the revolver contained. Both revolver and cartridges were proved to have been bought by Oadson within twenty-four hours of the murder. He was known to have been at the house about the time the crime had been committed. All these things he fully admitted. Only one fact he denied, but this was the evidence that chiefly condemned him. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he was supposed to have committed the murder, swore to seeing bim close to the house ; indeed, she had spoken to him, but he strangely enough bad passed her, refusing to epeak. The general evidence against him was so overwhelming that there could be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner had condemned himself by his own admissions, yet he emphatically asserted his innocence. The eventful day of the trial came, Counsel had labored for and against. The judge had summed up the points of the case: the jury retired to consider. The breathless hush of suspense waB oppressive. The angel of death seemed almost visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve men entered and solemnly took their seats. " Guilty or not guilty ? " " Guilty I " A piercing shriek, awful from its _ ,, burden of agony, rang through (he " and Edna's unconscious form was borne out. For the first time the prisoner quailed All through the trial be had behaved with almost callous coolness. Her voice unmanned him. He buried his face in his hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained his manly bearing. When asked if he had any reason to state why sentence of death should not be passed on him, he drew himself up, and in a firm, clear voice said,— " To-day my words are an empty sound: one day they will have great power, though they will come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I am innocent. No man will believe me. speak for the future, because I believe an Avenging Justice, with unerring and irresistible aim, will bring truth to light. Then I wish you to remember my words. Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the shameful curse of » murderer on his head, will have the halo of a martyr." The sentence of death was passed, the judge's voice being scarcely audible amidst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanor of a hero, Herbert folded his arms to receive his doom without a quiver. To the last momentous words. " May the Lord have mercy on your soul!" he responded with a firm but reverent " Amen." Mr Darter, Herbert's solicitor, was disturbed in his office by a young lady whom he at first laied to recognise as Edna. What a marvellous change! Her haggard face, large eyes looking larger from their sunken sockets, ihe fierce determined expression of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago 7 She had aged years. He invited her to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. " To free Herbert Caison. He is innocent, and I have discovered the culprit." The lawyer looked at her, but did not speak. " Perhaps you think me mad. Well, I have not been far from it. While you men have pitied him and wondered, I, a weak woman, have worked." " Have you any evidence of your Statement ?" "Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert's. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cut across the left sole, Herbert never possessed such things. On that night he wore a light suit; the other fellow wore "V dark tweed suit with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and much cheaper." " How in the name of all that is rational did you learn this ?" " Thereby bangs my tale. I believed Herbert to be innocent. Common sense told me crime always leaves a trace for those who wish to see. No one ever sought. They were satisfied with superficial appearances. Knowing the land- l)rd, 1 obtained permission to see the house. I searched for hours without 8access. I was yielding to despair ana wandered back into the garden.* Sudd <nly Fido capered about me with something in his mouth. It was a handkerchief. I took it. A glance made my heart stop—blood stains. I examined the handkerchief as a. forlorn digger would gold dust. It was a woman's. It was marked ' P. H., Numbejr four.' I resognised it, anl knew the owner, smelt it. What a peculiar scent, renewed my search with vigor. It wa? evident the criminal hai escaped by the back gate. Reviving hope fired me. Inch by uissh I scrutinised doors, walls windows, anything and everything, large and small. For three daye I hunted 1 My total discoveries were some threads of cloth torn off while squeezing through a small window, blood.stains on the sash arising from a cut with a rusty aail in the wood, footprints on the ground beneath the- window. The ground was soft enough to. receive an impression. Very close examination revealed a peculiar imprint; with a .cut •j across. An inspiration dawned upon .me —goloshes! From these' links how shoald I form a chain ? First, tbe Imndkerchief. I went to Laycock'g, the He ransacked his shop, but l i not find me a scent like it. I shot f an arrow at a venture and said— 'You sold some to Miss Harvey, I think?' 1 ' Oh, yes ; I know now, I got that especially for her. I am sorry I have none left.' " I reeled out of the shop. I was on the track. ' P. H.' were Priscilla Harvey's initials ; this was her handkerchief. I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned losing my handkerchief. She lent me the exact counterpart of the one I had found save that it was marked * Number seven.' I twitted her that she was in the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen. She laughed and blushed. I bantered her into confession. She had never lent but one. She told me to whom. I involuntarily jumped frem my chair, but had enough self-control to recover myself, pretending I had assumed astonishment. "Now I had fairly run down my game. How should I get into his house ? Providence aided me. You are an old man, and have known me from infancy, so I can speak freely to you. At one time he paid me such attention that I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame, fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately. Entice him with softest words and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman you will learn and obtain alL "I succeeded beyond my .wildest hope. I need not weary you with the details. By dint of coaxing and presents I induced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her my confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers without his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Could I steal them for a day or two ? Buried in a corner of the wardrobe I found a pair. I turned them up. There was a cut across the sole of the left foot. I trembled so violently I nearly let them drop. I took them to Musgrave's house ; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the chemist, ffho says they are identical. " I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. But one thing remains undone. I swore I saw Herbert three minutes after the murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit is light he must have disguised himself, which proves design. A local hairdresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, and so on, for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals have taken place, while he had them before and returned after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning the deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an hour before." You astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness! It passes my comprehension." " Don't you think I have good grounds for his arrest ?" " Certainly. Who is he ?" " Mr Satley, the curate." Mr Carter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police, putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy face. " It is all over, Mr Carter." " What, has he confessed 7" " Yes, in words and aotion. I was going up to Mr Satley's house when I saw him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a portmanteau. This, with his face, made me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, but she should have consulted us before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed him As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched him and advised bim not to buy a ticket, as he would waste his money. He turned paler than Ham let's ghost. "' God help me. I was mad ! It was all for her,' he said, in a quivering voice. ' Please do not handcuff me,' he implored. " ' Very well, Mr Satley,' I replied. "Just then the shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and dashed across the platform, I after him. He won the race. I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on to the buffers, which hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mortuary now." Every cloud has a silver lining. The sunshine of this narrative is seen in two faces wbich reflect the joy of love united, nearly destroyed by shame and death. 