A Terrible Mystery. ( Commenced in our issue of 5th May.) PARTII. XX.—Ho» the wedding-day began. XXL—How the wedding-day ended. XXII. —The day after. xxill.—The seoond ending of the tragedy. JCHAPTER XIX.—CONTINUED Hall an hour had passed. The story was told, and silence reigned in the darkened room. Lady Selena still sat, with averted laoe, in her distant seat, not moving, not looking up. The dying man still lay gazing weirdly upon his son, death every second drawing nearer and more near Inez sat holding his hand, her pale; sad face, her dark pitying eyes turned also upon his son. That son had risen He stood 'up in the centre of the room, with a white, stnnned face. What was this he had heard f Was he asleep and dreaming P —was it all a horrible ghastly delusion ? —were they mocking him ? or—0 gracious God! was it true ? " Let me out!" They were his first words. " I oan't breathe—I am chok- ing in this room! I shall go mad if you keep me here!" He staggered forward, as a drunken man or a blind man might stagger, to the door. He unlocked it, opened it, passed out into the passage, and down the stairs. His aunt followed him, her eyes streaming, her hands outstretched " Viotor — my boy — my son—my darling 1 Victor, for the love of Heaven, . speak to me!" But he only made a gesture for her to stand back, and went on. " Keep away from me!" he said, in a stifled voice; " let me think! Leave me alone!—I can't speak to you yet!" He went forward out into the wet daylight. His head was bare; his ooat was off; the rain beat unheeded upon him. What was this—what was this he had heard f He paced up and down under the trees. The moments passed. An hour went; he neither knew nor cared. He was stunned—stunned body and soul— too stunned even to think. His mind WBB in chaos, an awful horror had fasten upon him; he must wait before thought would come. Whjlst he still papea there, as a stricken animal might, a great cry reached him. Then a woman's flying figure came down the path. It was his aunt. ' Gome—come — come 1' she cried; ' he is dying I' She drew him by main foroe into the house—up the stairs—into the chamber of death. But Death had been there before them. A dead man lay upon the bed now, rigid and white. A second cry arose—a cry of almost more than woman's woe. And with it Inez Catheron clasped the dead man in her arms, and covered his face with her raining tears. The son stood beside her like a figure * of stone, gazing down at that marble face. For the first time in his life he was Sir Victor Catheron. CHAPTER XX. HOW THE WEDDIND-DAY BEGAN. Six days later, Sir Viotor Catheron and his aunt came home. These six days had passed very quietly, very pleasantly, to Edith. She was not in the least lonely; the same sense of *eliefinh er lover's absence w^s qpoii foer foa'tfce bad fetf at Torquay. It ber she breathe)} freer when A few spore miles lay between them. ^ ghe bad her pet books and musio, and •he wiaft and played a great deal; she libber long, solitary rambles through the leafy lanes ana quiet toads, her ' long drives in the little pony phaeton "' /ler ifuture husband had given her. .Sometimes Lady Gwendoline was her ,.,..'. companion; oftener she was quite alone. She was not at all unhappy now; she was joBt drifting passively on to the end. ShehadchoBen and was quietly. abidine _ bvhw , ..i nW»>»- , mat was olr au. She caught herself thinking, sometimes, that since she fgt so muoh happier ana freer in Sir Victor's brief abBenoes, how was she going to endure all . the years that must be passed at his side? No 4onbt Bhe would grow used to Mm after a while, as we grow used and reconciled to everything earthly. . One circumstance rather surprised her.; duringthoBeaixdays of absenoe she hadreoeived but one note from her lover. She bad counted at least upon the postfetohing her one or two jper day, as when at Torquay, but this time be Wrote herbutonce. - An odd, incoherent, hurried sort of note, too—very ..; brief and unsatisfactory, if She had bad ~ much tariosity on the subject of what WAS going on at St." John's Wood. But *he bad not. Whether his father lived i-.ilw died, so that be never interfered with ^jgjo^im to the title of iLadj Catheron in the future, Miss Darrell cared very little. This hurried note briefly told her that bis father bad died on the day of their arrival; that by his own request the burial place was to be Kensal Green not the Catheron vaults; that the secret of his life and death was still to be kept inviolate; and that (in this part of the note he grew passionately earnest) their marriage was not to be postponed. On the third of October, as all had been arranged, it was still to take plaoe. No other note followed. If Miss Darrell had been in love with her future husband, this profound silence must have wounded, surprised, grieved ber. But she was not in love, He must have been very much occupied, she oareleSBly thought, since be could not find time to drop her a daily bulle tin—then dismissed the matter indiffer< ently from her mind. Late in the evening of the sixth day Sir Viotor and Lady Helena re turned home. Edith stood alone awaiting them, dressed in blaok eilk, and with soft white lace and ruby ornaments, and looking very handsome. Her lover rushed and caught her in his arms with a sort of rapturous, breathless delight. ' My love! my life!' he cried, ' every hour has been an age since I said goodby!' Sh^drew herself from him. Sir Viotor, in the calm, courteous character of a perfectly undemonstrative suitor, she tolerated. Sir Victor in the role of Borneo was excessively distasteful to her. She drew herself out of his arms coldly and decisively. ' I am glad to see you back, Sir Vic tor.' But the stereotyped words of weloome fell chill on his ear. ' You are not looking well. I am afraid you fave been very much harassed since you (eft.' Surely he was not looking well. In those six days he had grown more than six years older. He had lost flesh and oolour; there was an indescribable something in his faoe and expression she had never seen before. More had happened than the death of the father be had never known to alter him like this. She looked at hiin curiously. Would he'tell'her. ' "" ' He did not. Not looking at her, with his eyes fixedmoodily on the woodfire smouldering on the hearth, he repeated wh$t his letter hftd already said, His father had died the morning of' their arrival in London; they had buried him quietly and unobtrusively, by his own request, in Kensal Green Cemetery; no one was to be told, and the wedding was not to be postponed. All this be said as a man repeats a lesson learned by rote—his eyes never once meeting hers. She stood silently by, looking at him, listening to him. Something lay behind, then, that she was not to know. Well, it made them quits—she didn't care for the Catheron family secrets; if it were something unpleasant, as well not know. If Sir Victor told her, very well; if not, very well also. She cared little either way. Miss Catheron remains at St. Johns Wood, I suppose?' she inquired indifferently, feeling in the pause that ensued she must say something. 'She remains—yes—with her. two old servants for the present. I believe her ultimate intention is to go abroad.' •She will not return to Cheshire ?' A spasm of paip crossed bis fkce; there was a momentary contraction of the musoles of his mouth. ' She will not return to Cheshire. All her life she will lie under the ban of murder.' 'And she is innooent?' fie looked up at her—ft strange, bunted, tortured sort of look. 'She is innocent.' As he made the anBwer he turned abruptly away. Edith asked no more questions. The seoret of his mother's murder was a seoret she was not to hear. Lziy Helena did not make her appearance at all in the lower rooms that night. Next day at lunoheon sheoame ' down, and Edith was honestly shocked at the change in her. From a hale, handsome, stately, upright, elderly lady, she had become a feeble old woman in the past week. Her ate; had grown uncertain ; her ham trembled; deep lines of trouble were floored on her pale face. Her voioe took a softer, tenderer tone when she addressed him—she had always loved him dearly, but never so dearly, would seem, as now. The change in Sir Viotor was more in manner than in look- A feverish impatience and restlessness si to have taken possession of him; he wandered about the house and in and out like Some restless ghost. From Powyss Place to Catheron Royals, from Cathdron Royals to Powyss Plaoe, he vibrated like a human pendulum. It set Edith's nerves on edge only to watob him. At .other periods a moody gloom wonld fall upon him, then for hours he Sat brooding—brooding, with knitted brows and downcast eyes, lost in bis own dark, secret thoughts. "Anon his spirits would rise to fever height, and he would laugh and talk in a wild, excited way that fixed Edith's dark, wondering eyes solemnly on his flushed faoe. With it all, in whatever mood, he could not bear her out of his sight. He haunted her like her shadow, until it p»w almost intolerable. He sat for lours, while she worked, or played, or read, not speaking, not stirring—his eyes fixed upon her, and she, who bad never been nervous, grew horribly nervous under this ordeal. Was Sir Viotor losing his wits? Now that his insane father was dead and buried, did he feel it incumbent upon liim to keep up the family reputation and follow in that father's footsteps? And the days wpre on, and the first of October came. The change in the young baronet grew more marked with eaoh day. He lost the power to eat or sleep; far into the night he walked his room, as though some horrible Nemesis were pursuing him. He failed to the very shadow of himself, yet when Lady Helena, in fear and trembling, laid her hand upon his arm, and falteringly begged him to see a physician, he shook her off with an angry irritability quite foreign to his usual gentle temper, and bade her, imperiously, to leave him alone. The seoond of October came: tomorrow would be the wedding-day. The old feeling of vagueness and unreality had come baok to Edith. Something would happen — that was the burden of ber thoughts. To-morrow was the wedding-day, but the wedding would never take place. Sbe walked through the glowing, beautiful rooms of Catheron Royals, through the grounds and gardens, bright with jay autumnal flowers — a home nxuriouB enough for a young duchess —and still that zeeling of unreality was there. A grand place, a noble home, but she would never reign its mistress. The cottage at Carnarvon had been weeks ago engaged, Sir Victor's confidential servant already . established there, awaiting the coming of the bridal pair; but she felt she would never see it. Upstairs, in all their snowy, shining splendor, the bridal robe and vol lay; when to-morrow came she would ever put them on, she vaguely wondered. And still she was not iiqhappy. A sort of apathy bad taken possession of her.; she drifted on calmly to the end. What was written, was written; what would be, would bp. Time enough to wake from her dream when the tune of iki^g came- The hour fixed for the ceremony was 11 o'olookj the place, Chesholm church. The bridesmaids would arrive at ten— the Earl of Wroatmore, the father of the Ladies Gwendoline and Laura Drexel, was to give the bride away. They would return to Powyss Palace and eat the sumptuous Breakfast—then off and away to the pretty town in North Wales. That was the programme. "When to-morrow oomes," Edith thinks, as she wanders about the house, " will it be carried out ? " It chanced that, on the bridal eve, Miss Darrell was attaoked with headache and sore throat. She bad lingered heedlessly out in the rain the day before (one of her old bad habits to escape llrom Sir Viotor, if the truth must be told), and paid the natural penalty next day. It would never do to be hoarse as raven on one's wedding-day, so Lady -Helena insisted on awetnapfcin rS&nfl; S the throat, a _<warn» : £ath, gruel, /and ««!» bsS. Willingly enough the girl obeyed—too glad to hav$ this last evening alone, immediately after dinner, she bade her adieus to ber bridegroom-elect, and went away to her own rooms. ; The short October dayhad long ago darkened down.the curtainswere drawn, a fire burned, the candles were lit, She took the bath, the groel, the wet napkin, and let herself be tucked up in bed. 'Romantics,' die thought, with a laugh at herself,' for ft bride.' Lady Helena—was it a presentiment of what was so near ?—lingeredbyher Bide long that evening, ana, at parting, for the first time took her in her arms and kipsed her, ' Good-night, my ohild,' the tender, tremulous tones said". I pray you ..him happy—X pray that, he may make you." She lingered yet a little longer— her heart seemed full, her eyes were shining through tears. Words seemed trembling on her lipB—words she bad not courage to say.' For Edith, surprised and moved, she put her arms round the bind old neck, and laid her face for a moment on the genial old bosom. ' I will try,' she whispered, ' dear, kind Lady Helena—indeed I will tiy to be a good and faithful wife." (2b be continued ) 