CHAPTER Vf.—{Continued.) JRQUHART did not order Hie pack ing of his portmanteau. The salmon river was very attractive at this season, and it would not have suited his plans to leave EUerslie, above all to leave Brandon Mountford master of the situation; for let Sir Joseph say what he would, Urqubart thoughtthatMountford's pre tensions would befavoured. Mouutford's family • was as good as bis, Urquhart's; and Mount ford's antecedents offered no ugly blots to the inquiring eye. Ho had done well at the university. He had never made himself notorious by riotous liviug or debt. He bud won renown as a fine shot "and a sagacious explorer, and bad lately published a record of his travels, which had been praised by the critics and appreciated by the public. In such a man as this Urqubart saw a dangerous rival. He saw, too, that Marie was interested in Mountford, and that itnecded but some show of sympathy on his part to win her heart. Here, however, ho was puzzled. Mountford seemed careless of charms, which kindled Urquhart's warmest feelings. "Was tliis colduesssimulatcd, the mask of some deep design; or was the man really indifferent P Urquhart watched liim closely, and could surprise no touch of tender ness amidst his unvarying courtesy ; yet his own natural heat towards , dissimulation inclined him to believe that Mountford was only masking his batteries. There are some ' women who only care for the unattainable ; and it miglit be that Mario thought all the more of Mountford because slio liad been unable to subjugate him. Urquharfchad tried the other plan and had failed ignominiou*ly. Mountford had been nearly three "weeks at Elleralie, and seemed to have interwoven him self into the family life. Sir Joseph had taken a cordial liking for him, and it was the thoroughness of the old man's friendliness which induced him to protract his visit much beyond his original intention. "I don't know what we shall do without you whon you leave us," said Sir Joseph. "We'shall miss him sadly when he goes, shan't we, Marie?" He did not see Mario Arnold's vivid blush, as she bent oyer the newspaper she had been reading, and he thought her answer was cold and careless. And then he remembered Brandon's determination, to remain unmarried —a resolve perhaps over scrupulous, since his mother's sad malady might have bequeathed no fatal taint to him—and ho thought it a merciful dispensation that Marie Arnold should be careless and indifferent. ' It was after 7 o'clock when Mountford came homo that evening. He had been for a long and lonely ramble over the moors, glad, to escape from Urquhart's society, even at the sacrifice of sport. Urquhart's conversation wa9 the essence of worldly wisdom, of the streets, slreety; and a roan who has spent his happiest years in the lonely places of the earth, and has communed with God and Nature under tropical stars, does not find much salt or savour in the petty gossip of clubs, or the intrigues and money troubles of men about town. "I never know such a fellow for not being interested in tilings that interest other men," said Urquhart, discontentedly, when one of his j choicest anecdotes had fallen flat. "I don' believe you care even for the turf." "2Tot a jot," answered Brandon, "I admire | a race horse because he is the perfection of I blood and speed, not because he can win acup." : "Your indifference makes you very bad I company," grumbled Urquhart. ""We can't all shoot lions." To-day Brandon had bathed his soul and I senses in solitude, and ho felt all the better for the' long ramble in the wild, bleak country. Ho had seen Dunlueo Castle from afar off, tall and gray abovo the ridge of the moor, and he had wondered idly whether he would ever see it hearer, and what kind of a man its owner, Urquhart's .elder brother, might be. And now in the fading light he walked up the hill, and by the winding shrubberied road that led to Ellerslie House. A carriage was driving a little way in front of liim as he passed the lodge gate. It disappeared dt the first turn of the road, and he thought no more of it until he saw it stand ing befoi^o the porch, whiles a footman busied himself in carrying various articles of luggage, handbags, books, umbrellas, and such small beer, into the hall. From the hall- came the sound of voices, Sir Joseph's- strong baritone, and a girlish voice which was like music, so low and sweetly toned. Could it he the daughter of the house ? Brandon went into the hall feeling shyer than he had ever been before. In those last days of confidential intercourse in Italy, when the father and son had talked together as man and man, Walter Mountford had told his son that pathetic storyofahopelessloye,8truggledagainst valiantly, and never revealed. The thought that he was going to see the daughter of tlio woman that his father had lorcd thrilled him strangely. -He had been told that Sibyl was liko her mother, and it was with a feeling almost of awe that he approached the girl of eighteen. He remembered an old photograph, gray | and faded, a poor littlo photograph taken c the beach at Bognor by an itinerant | photographer—the portrait of a girl in a broad-brimmed hat and an old- fashioned frock, but with oh, so sweet and delicate a I countenance—features so refined in their | chiselling, such lovely lines of chin and throat, and such a slender, graceful figure! His | father had taken that poor littlo photograph from his despatch-box. It was on glass, and I it had accompanied him all over India without I ; coming to grief; and from tho shadowland of | death and vanished years the young face had looked at Brandon dimly, like a very ghost. Yes, there were the samo features, the same | gracious lines, the same soft depth in the dark gray oyesthat were looking at him now. ■ "Hullo, Mountford," cried Sir Joseph, gaily; "Ihe master of the house has come home. " Ho raoro lax behaviour now! "We shall have to mind our manners. Come and he introduced to my tyrant'." Sibyl held out her hand to liira in the | frankest, friendliest way. "I am ever so much obliged to you for I helping to keep father in good spirits," she said. 