FOOTBALL NOTES By MARKWELL "When the permit committee tendered their resignation a few weeks since, it was felt by most people that the question of Fraser's permit was shelved for the present season, and the correctness of this notion lias been confirmed by what took place last night week at the ordinary meeting of the association. The resignation of the committee was to be sure never taken seriously by delegates; hence one was not surprised to find them un- animously requested to continue in office. In the absence of Mr. W. H. Williams, chair- man of the committee, Mr. C. G. Wilson, speaking for his colleagues as well as for him- self, readily acquiesced to the wishes of the meeting; but a further attempt on the part of Mr. Sloss, of South Melbourne, strenuously backed up by Mr. Rannard, the South Ballarat representative, and Mr. Harrington, of Carlton, to induce the committee and failing them the association to let Fraser through failed signally. The committee refused point blank to retreat from the position they had occupied all along; and the association, through the chairman, Mr. A. M'Cracken, ruled in accordance with the laws that the ex-Portonian's appeal could not be heard, seeing that the time had expired for the granting of permits. Fraser will consequently be obliged to possess his soul in patience until next season, when in nall probability, if he still desire to figure as a Hiilite, he may find his wishes gratified. In the meantime, I am given to understand, he will endeavour to keep up his reputation as a goal-getter in the ranks of South St Kilda or some other conveniently-located junior club. In connection with the finding of the Byers' protest committee, Mr. M'Laughlin explained at considerable length and very clearly withal, the reasons why his fellow- committee-men and he had unanimously decided to recommend the dismissal of the protest. They had, he stated, gone most thoroughly into the question, and their deliberations had taken them through three separate sets of permit rules, as well as through whole years of minutes of meetings of the association. The 1893 rules could not affect the case for two very cogent reasons; firstly, because they could not by any stretch of imagination be deemed to be retrospective; aud secondly, because they being the rules of an un- authorised, self-styled, and unrecognised Australasian Football Council, must be laid aside as inoperative. The committee had for the latter reason discarded the 1893 rules altogether, and they had based their decision on the 1890 rules, which they had recognised as still in force, Neither these nor the codes by which they were preceded warranted the finding of any verdict other than that the com- mittee had arrived at, namely, " that Byers, who played for Melbonrae in 1890, and for a junior club during the succeeding three years did not require a permit to play for Essendon in 1894." Mr. A. Hunt was the only delegate who offered serious objection to the adoption of the committee's recommendation, and it was evident that this gentleman's remarks were not prompted by deep affection for Essendon, nor did they display even a proper regard for the feelings of the committee, whom he roundly accused of having set aside the 1893 rules solely because these would have necessitated a different finding. To an im- puation of this character, even from his Melbourne colleague, Mr. M'Laughlin indig- nantly refused to submit, and Mr. Hunt quickly recounted/stating that he had not intended to reflect in any way upon members of the committee. The finding of the com- mittee was finally adopted by a large majority of .delegates, as was also a very pertinent reoommendation to the effeot that a sub- committee be appointed to re-draft the con- stitution and rules of the association. ' Mr. Hunt is never so much at home as when tilting against real or imaginary abuses by which the game is threatened, and his anxiety to clear Essendon of the stigma recently cast upon its reputa- tion as a strictly amateur body is truly philanthropic. He has given notice that he will move at the next meeting that the presi- dent of the Geelong club be asked to sub- stantiate before the association charges alleged to have been made by him against the Essendon club. Seeing, however, that the latter body have been unable to fix Mr. Graydown to anything other than generalities, it will in all probability be found that the motion and subsequent action of Mr. Hunt will neither acquit nor convict his red-and- black friends, though something will, of course, be gained by keeping the matter a few weeks longer before the public. An op- portlinity such as this of proving how much in earnest delegates are where the stamping but of professionalism is concerned must not be permitted to be lost, or the occupation, of Mr. Hunt and his fellow reformers will; be gone. Saturday morning's fog and rain presaged a wretched afternoon for the game, and sug- gested the possibility of the weather com- mittee interfering to cry off all engagements, fortunately, however, weather committees been relegated to obscurity; and more fortunately still, the rain dissipated the fog and exhausted itself an hour or two before the times for starting matches arrived. There still remained the drawback of muddy and sloppy grounds, but your modern footballer makes light of what formerly proved a serious detriment to scientific play; and grounds have to be perfect quagmires to prevent him getting about with speed and facility. Watch- ing from the stand, pavilion, or reserve at East Melbourne the clever doings of Essendon and Geelong, one altogether lost sight of the soddened condition of the turf, and it was only towards the close of either half of the encounter that the ball was not handled as well as kicked with com- fort and expertness, The introduction of a new bail after the interval was much appreciated by spectators and players, as it reduced to a minimum the disabilities under which the latter laboured, whilst it enabled the former to be treated to an almost con- tinuous exhibition of really fast, exciting and scientific football. It was, indeed, a most determined and excellent struggle—one ifi which, to my thinking, both teams showed to greater ad- vantage than in any previous contest for the season. Essendon certainly played together in greatly-improved style, and their work in the ruck was in particular very good. It was, however, in the ranks of Geelong the most marked alteration for the better was ap- parent, and this, too, in spite of the absence of a couple of stars like Armstrong and O'Farrell. Except for limited periods in the match with South Melbourne, the-Pivotonian followers have heretofore played in the.most disjointed and ineffective fashion, but in the match under notice their strongest point from first to last was the adroitness with which they handled and passed the ball to one another at short range in the crush. For this circumstance great praise is due to Pincott, formerly a Geelong Grammar School player, and to M'Kinley, an experienced per- former who played a few games with the club two or three years back. These two men set an example of unselfishness that in- fluenced every other members of the team; and the fact that Houston put Peter Burns on the ball and sent young Connor roving, instead of wasting them in places as has been his practice of late, also tended in no small measure to increase the efficiency of the com- pany. In all departments save forward the Gcelongites were a match for the premiers; but here they were decidedly weak. I would not like to say how many times during the afternoon the ball reached Essendon's half back line and a little beyond to be driven back at once, the visitors' attacking con- tingent failing to keep it there long enough to get a shot at the goal. Summarising the proceedings, Essendon had all the best of the game during the opening term and for a considerable portion of the second, whilst during the thud and concluding quarters, except as I have said in the goal-making line, Geelong were decidedly the aggressors. After the final change of ends the ball rarely left Essendon's half of the ground, in one corner of which the most determined fighting of the day was witnessed. Geelong had chances towards the close of the game wherewith they might have overtaken their opponents, but their luck was out, and Burns, though his kicking on two occaeions was powerful as of yore, was unable to hit the mark. Essendon's rather substantial victory is calculated to give an erroneous im- pression as to the relative play of the teams, and all who witnessed the engagement will agree with me that the premiers only suc- ceeded iu maintaining their iead and securing full points by devoting their undivided and most earnest attention to defence during the final bout Besides the men already mentioned for clever and effective work in and about the Geelong ruck, Davis and Jo. M'Shane, who were, perhaps, the hardest workers in the match ; Rankin, whose ability, placed as well as following,was freqnently in evidence; and Young and Singleton, each of whom played a sterling game, merit special commenda- tion. The back division was particularly well manned. Marmo devoted his best efforts to keeping Thurgood in check, a duty he performed pretty effectually, and he like wise came through with the ball at times in irresistible fashion. Houston's dashes and hs precision in kicking to his man operated against Essendon with telling effect, espe- cially during the third term, and the cap- tain's fine display was the more creditable seeing that he was greatly hampered by his weak and bandaged ankle. Wilson and Davie were always reliable members, and when Barns and Jo. M'Shane could be spared from the ruck they effectually filled a couple of gaps in the garrison. On the centre line M'Cailum played superb football, his smartness in turning and his superior skill in dodging enabling him to beat his man three times out of four, though on the fourth, the flier, Palmer, generally succeeded in running away from him in the straight De Coit snapped an exceedingly clever goal, and H. M'Shane was nimble on his feet, and quick at sending the ball to James; but the big man made some very sorry attempts at kicking, and the time spent in getting the ball to him was altogether' wasted. ; For Essendon, Stuckey, half back, was unquestionably the most brilliant and con- sistent performer on the ground. His magnificent rushes did much to demoralise Geelong's forwards, and he was more notice able than any other player in the match lor well-managed and successful .shepherding. Dick, Officer, Clark, and, early in the day, Chadwick, were prominent in defence, but none of them possessed anything ap- proaching the ability displayed by Stuckey. Finlay was many flights higher than Green- field, whom he vanquished in the centre; and Grecian, often protected by Stnckey, did a great quantity of fast and effective work on the wing. In spite of Marmo's unre- mitting attentions, Thurgood succeeded in annexing a brace of goals—one from a quick and accurate kick out of the crush, and the other from a light touch to the ball as it dribbled np the ground after a long kick by Sykes. The latter was the contributor of one of the best goals of the day, and his good form was evidenced in various other direc- tions. Wright marked and passed very artistically, and Hall and Vautin were as busy forward as they were when roving during different periods of the game. Forbes, as usual, worked hard and well in the rook, where he brought off quite a number of his characteristic high marks, and Watson was at times a factor in the proceedings. It was, however, to Byers and Kearney that the hearts of Kssendon's sup porters warmed most frequently; for these two little men did no end of service with their expcert passing and unselfishness, and their ex- ertions never flagged from first tolast Umpire Molyneaux was prompt in his decisions, did not interfere unnecessarily with the game, made very few mistakes, and gave satis- faction to all except the most rabid of club partisans. His connection with the game detracted nothing from the reputation he has acquired suioe his first appearance in the middle of May in the role of field umpire. One of his cbief recom- mendations is that he watches the ocose play so carefully that he seldom fails to detect attempts to give little marks without looking the ball. This is a matter in which many of our umpires are more easily deceived than the crowd, ... Over at South Melbourne, where the play- ing-ground is never so soft as to seriously hamper performers; a goodly crowd looked on at what proved the most exciting engage-. ment of the afternoon. Fitzroy took ithe game in hand from the start, and all through the first term completely outclassed .the Hillltes in concerted action and general skill. They were, however, much below par in the shooting department, and from more than .half-a-dozen tries, all well within range, they gained only worthless behinds. Their inaccuracy at this early stage cost them the match; for the home team got fairly going after the change of ends, ana, playing almost perfect football, held slightly thr advantage right on to the finish. It was, as I have said, a great struggle, and goals came with unusual infreqnency. At half-time the only goal recorded belonged to the Southerners, who had . two to none when the -final term began. Intense excite- ment prevailed during the concluding, tussle. The Fitzroyites, with a couple of magnificent rallies, speedily overtook their opponents, and were striring earnestly for a lead when their spirits were somewhat dashed by Allan Burns, who, with a kick from the boundary and almost in line with the goal-posts, placed his team again in advance. Bad luck attended the maroons almost immediately afterwards, otherwise their sturdy skipper would have equalised the scores, as. he.had got clean through all opposition ball in hand, and was within a few yards and straight in front of the opening when he stumbled and lost his opportunity. After "this misfortune, though the visitors continued to battle bravely, the result was not much in doubt, and a fourth goal came to the Southerners ere time was called. Fred. Waugh displayed all the cleverness and agility wnich have characterised his per- formances in previous matches, and he was again the champion of the 40. The astute M'Knight appeared to know intuitively where to expect the ball, and, after Waugh's, his was the most valuable performance on the side. Wmdley put in a trifle less than his customary quantity of excellent work in the centre : and of his flank men, little Howson showed himself speedier and more reliable than O'Hara, who, all the same, played a highly creditable port during the afternoon. For high-marking and indefatigable labours in the thickest of the play none approached Duggan, whose fellow-ruckmen, Gibson, M'Arthur, and Irving, quite held their own with the best of their antagonists in neat and effective work. A. Burns contributed two goals, and was always a busy member for ward, whilst M'Kay, in the same neighbour-; hood, marked splendidly, and showed some return to his old form. Like Burns, he was successful in bagging a brace of meritorious goals. Bell was another of the advance guard whose doings were such as to warrant special mention. Forman's attentions were too close and much too persistent to be appre- ciated by Grace, who was never allowed the ghost of a chance. Free and attractive football was shown by Charrett, and Morrissey's pace, height, and uncommon ability were advantageously exhibited in defence of goal ; whilst both Doran and Greig lent valuable aid in the same direc- tion. In past years Cleary has been wont occa- sionally to sacrifice utility .to display, though he has ever been a valuable member for his club. Since, however, he has discarded the show business his usefulness has increased several fold, and against the Southerners he was 'unquestionably the finest performer on the side. Melling in the ruck was a thoroughly capable workman whose play was really brilliant in the opening quarter, when, too, Matthews, though he afterwards fell away, was a shining luminary. . Kelly and Sloan did their share of hard plugging amongst the followers; but Kelly now and then shook up his opponents with more force than tire exigencies of the game ap- peared to demand. I was immensely pleased with the quality and quantity of work executed half-back by M'Michael, whose plucky straight ahead-dashes were all but irresistible, and whose marking was never once at fault Banks has well enough regained the full use of his injured hip, and several of his powerful rallies swept every thing before them. War, Hickey, and Reynolds com- pleted a remarkably effective body of de- fenders, the first-named excelling in pace, and the others, especially Hickey, in strength and determination. Across the half-way limit, Cailaghan and the Moriartys were no whit less expert than their three opponents ; and of the forwards, Whelan, Sumpter, and M'Speerin played each better football than Lamley, whose only redeeming trait was his ability to kick straight. M'Speerin had a turn or two on the ball, and was even more successful than in front of goal. The game was umpired by Trait with characteristic ability. Ground, crowd, and players were in good order at Port Melbourne, and an enjoyable couple of boon passed away whilst North Melbourne were adding four more to their creditable total of points. There was little choice between the teams, as may be judged from the scores. The Northerners excelled slightly in unanimity of action and in accu- racy of kicking. Sound judgment was shown by the local followers during the greater part of the match,.inasmuch as they seldom at-. tempted to mark agaiiret their opponents at a height, but were content to let the latter do the soaring, whilst they stood below and waited for the slimy ball to slip, as it neatly always did, from the grasp of the man who took the trouble to go up for it. Then they entered into, possession, and quietly but surely sailed away with it. Sometimes, how ever, the ball was held by the marksman, and on these occasions it almost invariably happened that a disappointed Portonian took advantage of the man and bronght both him and the ball to earth. Umpire Coffey was quite a success in this as in previous games, and be would have been even more so had he occasionally rebuked the men who offended in the manner indicated. O'Dea held pride of place amongst the visitors, to whom his marking and kicking, together with the vast quantity of downright hard work he put in, were of incalculable value. Next to him, and very close up, came Webb, who appeared in his best Tasmanian form, tricking, passing, , and dodging like an artist. Giant, in the centre, was another twinkler in the Northern firmament, and the pretty play was a deal too scientific for the man beside him. Morrison and Graham, on a lower plane than O'Dea and Webb, acquitted themselves well in the ruck. Of the forwards, Cox and Grierson were the ablest pair; and at the opposite end of the ground Rolent was neat and effective, Stuckey fast and reliable, and Tuckwell a very capable and praise- worthy assistant. Reid's kicking was, strange to say, better than his marking; and Travis and B. Launder made fair use ot their chances whilst Droop, a new man from Mordialloc, proved In the second half at any rate that he was no novice at the game. No one on his own or his opponents' side equalled Cornelius for clear, olerer, and consistent play throughout the contest. His clubmate, Brooke, followed admirably; and Wills, Morton. Cullen, and .Sims distinguished themselves in defence, whilst Drew, Preame, Rigg, Crichton, and M'Murray In varions other divisions gave first- class accounts of themselves. \- Tough, volcanic soil is met with on the Footscray side of the Saltwater River, and when a fairly heavy shower of rain descends upon it all the studs in the world will not enable a man- to run.-and turn upon the treacherous surface at more than a walking., pace without coming to grief. This was the condition of affairs last Saturday, when a team from Collingwood. not including Lang- ford and Kendall, did battle with the locals, and ' vanquished them. It is a feather in CollingWood's cap to have taken down the club that defeated Melbourne and drew with South' and Geelong; and it is on the whole a pleasing' reflection that on the day and ground they fairly' earned their success, though, judging by the narrowness of the win and by the superiority of Footscray's form in the closing term, positions might nave been reversed had the conflict lasted a few minutes longer. Dowdell and M'Inerney again proved themselves the cleverest pair in the match. Their quickness in passing at close quarters and their continuous attention to business rendered them very conspicuous in the game, wherein most of the participants had all they could do to maintain their equilibrium. Of the remainder of the victorious company, Smith, who kicked the two goals, was industrious forward; Sauce played a fine game and turned quickly despite the soapy soil; Halewood filled an important place forward ; Prondfoot, Goeghan, and Patiham .vigorously beat back assailants; Ashton played his usual untiring, good game; and Captain Strickland was the.one man on the ground who put on full speed without losing his balance. Footscray were satisfied with Hobbs's kicking and with his general display in the ruck; and they have no com plaint to make aguinst Hood or Dick, each of whom did all that men could do to avert defeat Dickens was another player who accomplished many worthy things during the match; and Thompson, though he failed signally in high-marking, never for a moment dreamt of shirking his responsibilities. Coward was seen only in the last quarter, but Morgan guarded the uprights manfally throughout the engagement and Pender and Parris were the best of the weak combination of fol- lowers. " Jasper" Jones was unfortunate in having to start his career as a field umpire under circumstances altogether unfavourable to a beginner; especially when the latter had more than an average weight to pilot about in the mud. No wonder he was a trifle slow. But nothing worse can be said of him, for he was undoubtedly fair as man could be. During the second and fourth quarters of the contest at St. Kilda the home team were superior at all points to Carlton, and for the other two terms .the dark blues barely held their ow.n. In spite of the unfavourable con- dition of the turf, the play during the after- noon was far from uninteresting, the close- ness of the goal scores all through rendering the outcome doubtful right on to the finish. There was no end of little marking on either side. Indeed, this branch of the game was at times carried to excess. The Saints, especially, appeared to make everything sub- servient to passing at short range, so much so that they threw away several fine oppor- tunities towards the close of the match.and ran great risk of being overhauled by their opponents. Their lacking throughout the game was erratic. Collins in 10 separate attempts scored only once, and Abrahams, though he secured one deserving goal, mulled at least five others, one of his failures re- sulting from a ridiculously easy opportunity. Carlton succeeded in giving the ball twice to M'Donald, who was able to turn one of his chances to account, while Leith, who re- quired no feeding, got home a couple of times, once with a clinking 50-yards kick. St. Kilda's followers, Cox, Lowe, Jones, and Dunne, all played sterling games, but no one of them equalled the rover Matthews in general usefulness. Despite his non-success in the shooting line, Collins was the cleverest of the local forwards, amongst whom Abra- hams was likewise conspicuous. In this de- partment the team felt very seriously the absence of their crack marksman Simpson. CampbelI, on the wing, was the best-placed man in the match, aud gave his opponent a very bad time of it all through. M'Leod, back, was cool and reliable, marked with unerring cer- tainty, and always made the best possible use of tbe ball, he was capably assisted by Phillips, Ramsden, Lockett, and Alwyn. Of the remainder of the team, Spilker and Alf. Smith notched a goal apiece, and were valu- able members in other directions besides. For Carlton, Patterson's hard work, Rolfe's excellent high marks, and Park's general smartness were items in a fairly strong defence. Hannah distinguished himself on the wing, P. Williams played over O'Grady in the centre, and Aitken, roving, and Blake, Turner, Ryan, and Balharry, on the ball, were at their best when the lighting was most severe. To be defeated by Williamstown was a sad blow for the Richmondites, but it was sadder still to feel that their discomfiture was attributable not to misfortune but to the superior merit of their conquerors. To be sure the absence of Parker made a difference to the yellow and black contingent, though Mr. Eastman himself will scarce contend that his white-haired follower could have reduced by four goals -the total secured by the Townsmen. The tetter's good win—their first lor the season—following npon their recent meritorious display against Fitzroy, stamps them as a combination with whom it is dangerous to trifle, particularly upon their own breezy enclosure, and gives additional evidence of the levelling-up that has taken place this year amongst teams in the Iower flight. Several accomplished per- formers are to be found in the ranks of the villagers. Their best, against Richmond, was, perhaps, James, who roved in admir- fable fashion throughout, and who was very commendably hacked up by M'Cubbin and Branfield, following; Griffin and Gibbs, for- ward ; M'Callum, Riley, Leyson, and Hall,, back; and Evans and Grunden, on the centre line. Taylor did an-enormous quantity of artistic and effective work In Richmond's ruck, where also Williams. Price, Eider, 0'Meeera, and, at times, Captain Sparrow were aa busy as could be. The skipper's best work was, however, executed back, where he was materially aided by Digby, Cornigo, and Davis. Aisop held first place in the forward section ; and Calt on the wing and Backhouse in the middle of the ground were in no mea- sure culpable for the drubbing inflicted upon the team as a whole. For inciting the mob to acts of violence against Umpire Mullen after the recent match St Kilda v. Port Melbourne, at Port Mel- bourne, H. Myers was on Thursday last fined £2, with £2 2s, costs. In the dim future, when the "Tracker" shall have retired from the scene as an active battler for Bssendon, he will in all probability make a name for himself in the role of administrator. He umpired the second half of Thursday's match between Scotch and Wesley Colleges in excellent style, all the time In advance of tbe play never failing to have the ball in from the boundary before the followers were ready to receive it. He was likewise quick to spot in fringements that as a rule escape the average umpire. . Footscray's protest against North Mel- bourne was. dismissed last night, and the game stands us a win for the latter. 