SPORTING. That well-informod scribe, ' Regi nald,' says : — ' It is worthy of note that tho jacket ( green botly aud red sash) which Associato has been recently carrying to victory is the identical one that Tom Hales wore on his first visit to this side of the Murray many years ago, The jacket, which originally be longed to Mr Ryan, a well-known old time racing man, was given by Hales to Yeomans, who has kept, it idle until quite lately. Though a bit faded, it is in good repair, and looks good for any number of battles yot.' I wonder if it is I ho same jacket that Hales wore when he rode the lato MrT. J. Ryan's horse The Ace in the Melbourne Cup in 1872, when ho had the bad luek to run second to the lute John -Tait's The Quack ? Mr W. Yeomans has made a preseni of tho cup, received in connection with the Ju nee Cup stake, won by As-oci - te, to Mr Andrew Le tch, as a memento of old acquaintance ; and tho bracelet, won by Mr Yeomans by tho agency of the chestdut son of Rootlee, has been presented to Miss Elsie Cox. Mr J. J. Baylis has puichasi tl pri vately from Messrs A. and A. Tyson tho thoroughbred stallion Villiers, by Malua — Peri, for stud purposes. The Messrs Tyson bought him some four or five mouths since, in Melbourne, for £150. Although unsuccessful since he has been in Ca-hin's care, he won several races before. ' Augur's Ghost ' is informed on the best authority that Ted Davis intends to take his string to Melbourne in a week or two. When Roburite cannoned with Horizon in the Narandera Town Plate he got one of his teeth knocked out, besides getting a kick on the stifle. After winning the Trial Slakes at Narandera races last week (says ' Augur's Ghost'), Mr E. J. Cummings was offered £100 for Sunshower, but refused to let him go. The result of the recent Narandera Turf Club races will be a net profit of .£50, which added to an estimated profit of £100 from the bazaar, will reduce the bank overdraft from £500 to £350. It is repoited that Glenholm h»s been sold for a consideration of £200. -Amongst the nominations for the Birthday Cup, to be run in Sydney oil Queen's Birthday, appears the name of Ready Money, and weighted at 0.10. This colt has also been entered for the May Handicap at the same meeting. Warbrook's name appears in the 'stick' ovents. An own brother to those speedy geldings Sundial and Sunbeam named Some Day got away with the 1-1.2 Welter Handicap at Moorfield (Syd ney) last week. A horse called Prince Cole ran five seconds at two meetings in New Zea land recently. The Prince could now be aptly re-named 'Number Two.' Though the entries are not due till June, there is already a little belling being transacted on the Melbourne Cup. Aquarius is the ruling favorite at 100 to 4, Carnage and Light Artillery being quoted at 100 to 3, while from 100 to 200 to 1 is on ofi'er about other likely candi' latex. The Y.R.C. Derby is also receiving some attention, Dreamland being at the head of affairs for the great three year-old race at 5 to 1. Then comes Moorito and Forward each on offer at 10 to 1, and prices ranging up to 100 to 1 are obtainable about the others. Mr P. F. Dalcin has given us a very fair idea of the probabilities of next season as far as the present twoyear olds are concrned. Bonnie Scotland, so says the Y.R.C, handicapper in hi Queen's Birthday apportionments, is Gib in front of Carbon over 5£ fur longs, and 81b ahead of Question over tho same distance, and tho others ap parently aren't much. Oamoola retires for a 12 months' spell. ' Cranbrook ' writes Portsea, so rumour had it round about in sporting circles in tho city, was to be purchased for exportation to the land of stars and stripes. Meeting Mr F. W. Purches, the owner of i hat game little son of Neckersgat and Lady Lovelace, at Caul field on Saturday, I asked him if there was any truth ill tho said rumor. His reply was as follows : ' Prior to the A J.C. autumn meeting I had re ceived a letter from a gentleman in Sydney who stated that he would bice me to put a price on ' tho little bull dog,' which I did not do, for tho simple reason that I did not want to dispose of hiin. I was then asked to put rav price on Patron, and my reply was in the same strain.' ' Mr Purches,' I said, ' I trust that you may never.have to dispose of either of thein,' and he replied, ' bn th' se davs of retrench ment and locked up capital, a man never knows what may occur, but you may depond upon it that Portsea wi'l be tho vory hist horse I shall over part with, for such as he aro not bred every day in the year. At tho Bolingbroke Club, Lon loi-, Dick Burge, the pugilist, defeated Harry Nickless, of Lambo h, for the lOst championiship of the world. 