THE BISHOPRIC OF ADELAIDE. TO THE EDITOR. —I am, &c;, LAYMAN. Sir—I have been anxiously looking forward to some correspodence re Canon Poole's action at the recent meeting of the Church of England Synod. Surely he deserved a few complimentary letters, showing that Aoa tnliaa Charon ot Knglaud men do not all endorse the dictum of a majority anta-Ana tralian io views and action. After listening to Canon Poole'i moat able speech—a speeah that pat the right thing in tne right light; a speech that breathed of the freedom of the free land in which the members of the Synod li fp, and from which they draw the means of their eobnstenoe- it is incomprehensible to me hoir they could do. else bat vote enthusiasti cally for Canon Poole's motion, It is not my intention to try and improve on Canon Poole's speech nor on the very explicit sab leader which appeared in Tkt Advertiser, bat I should Idee to add a thought which has never left my mind tinea reading the'report of die meeting of the Synod. "Shall we never get rid of the old system?' Canon Pools said nearly a* much when citing the well-known words, "All hope abandon ye who enter here;" bat rehould like to add that each clergyman ot the Church of Rngjsnd in this colony might henceforth cay to himself (and very often), "Ordained for the teftn of my natural life; no chance of rising to the highest dignity." It is the same old thing over again. The system was killed nan ago but ite ghost remaineth alive. - All those who voted against the motion slapped cbeir own faoes. To con demn themselves as being unfit to eleot, unfit to fill the vacant eaat, in fact as unfit for almost anything else is about the greatest tatimonium paupcrUUU of self respect which any Synod might issue. Of course I make due allowance for the fofgilined members of the Synod, as for example Canon Andrews, Mr. Tomkineon, and others. They know no better. They were taught in their youth that no good could oome oat of Ans tniia and they never learnt any better. As matters stand Bishop Knnnion, who will pnosioklly be the selector of the new bishop, will no doubt send us a friend of his, who, at the first chance of getting a bigger stipend at home, will leave the see to ass after itself. And then wa start afresh. Journeyman bishops will do us no good in the long ran. Some say Bishop Kenmon did a lot of good. Granted this, but what might a bishop have done who would not have thought that the finger of Providence pointed towards £5,000 at Bath and Wells? What we want is a bishop who will stay, a man whose interests, whose family ties, whose everything is bound np with she welfare of the colonies. But this wQI not be the case until individual members of she Chnroh of England point out to the incumbent their desire of his voting in the interest of Australia (provided he cannot ccc it in this light), and until they eleot only each men as mprphara of the Synod who do their duty towards their country or adopted country, as the case may be. I trust Canon Poole's speeoh has aroused publio opinion in regard to this matter. Five minutes of earnest thought ought to convince anybody-—even the densest —that the majority of the Synod voted the 