A GREAT LAUREATE. A PEOPLE'S SINGER, WILLIAM MORRIS 'The March of the Workers.' Few among living writers have taken up the cause of the people more than William Morris, the author of ' Chants for Socia lists, &c.;' Early in life he was articled to an architect, and devoted several years to studying constructive art. After a term he devoted himself to the practical re form of decorative art, and founded the present well-known firm of Morris, Mar shall. Faulkner, and Co.. which has led tho way in tho culture of English taste in color and decorative design. His first efforts were decidedly not Socialistic, as witness some stanzas affixed to his ' Early Paradise ' : — Of Heaven or Hell I have no power to sing, I cannot ease the burden of your fears, Or make quick-coming Death a little thing. Or bring again the pleasures of past years, Nor for my words shall ye forget your tears, Or hope again for aught that I can say, The idle singer of an empty day. Dreamer of dreams, born out of my due time. Why should I strive to set the crooked straight ? Let it suffice me that my murmuring rhyme Beats with light wings against the ivory gate, Telling a tale not too importunate To those who in the sleepy region stay, Lulled by the singer of an empty day. In the utter selfishness of modern trade, and in what may be called tbe ' com mercialism ' of the age, the poet saw the groundwork for his passionate appeals to tho people. In ' Commonweal ' he sang of the ' coming time,' and in his first of the ' Chants for Socialists ' there was no more talk of " the idle" singing "of an empty day.' Then a man shall work and bethink him, and rejoice in the deeds of his hand, Nor yet come home in the even, too faint and weary to stand. Men in that time a-coming, shall work and have no fear For to- morrow's lack of earning and the hunger wolf anear. I tell you this for a wonder, that no man then shall be glad Of his fellow's fall and mishap, to snatch at the work he had,. For that which the worker winneth shall then be his indeed, Nor shall half be reaped for nothing by him that sowed no seed. O, strange, new, wonderful justice ! But for whom shall we gather the grain .' For ourselves and for each of our fellows, and no man shall labor in vain. Then all mine and all thine shall be ours, and no more shall anyone crave For riches that serve for nothing but to fetter a friend for a slave. Why, then, and for what are we waiting ? There are three words to epeak — We will it, and what is the foeman but the dream — strong, wakened and weak ? O, why and for what are we waiting, while our brothers droop and die, And on every wind of the heavens a wasted life goes by ? How long shall they reproach us, while crowd on crowd they dwell, Poor ghosts of the wicked city, the gold- crushed, hungry hell ? Through squalid life they labored, in sordid grief they died, Those sons of a mighty mother, those props of England's pride. They are gone ; there is none can undo it, nor save our souls from the curse ; But many a million cometh, and shall they be better or worse ? It is we must answer and hasten and open wide the door, For the rich man's hurrying terror, and the slow-foot hope of the poor. This last line is as good as anything ever written byTennyson. Hearken, too, tothe ' March of the Workers.' The poet here looks for great things from the onward march of progress : he believes in the good time coming, and ventures to prophecy ac cordingly : — THE MARCH OF THE WORKERS. What is this, the sound and rumor? What is this that all men hear, Like the wind in hollow valleys when the storm is drawing near, Like the rolling on of ocean in the eventide of fear ? 'Tis tho people marching on. Whither go they, and whence come they ? What are these of whom ye tell ? In what country are they dwelling 'twixt the gates of heaven and hell ? Are they mine or thine for money ? Will they serve a master well ? Still the rumor's marching on. Hark the rolling of the thunder ! Lo the sun ! and lo thereunder Riseth wrath, and hope, and wonder, And the host comes marching on. Forth they come from grief and torment ; on they wend toward health and mirth, All the wide world is their dwelling, every corner of the earth. Buy them, sell them for thy service ! Try the bargain what 'tis worth, For the days are marching on. These are they who build thy houses, weave thy raiment, win thy wheat, Smooth the rugged, fill the barren, turn the bitter into sweet, All for thee this day — and ever. What re ward far them is meet ? Till the host comes marching on. Hark the rolling of the thunder ! Lo the sun ! and lo thereunder Riseth wrath, and hope, and wonder, And the host comes marching on. 'Is it war, then ? Will ye perish as tho dry wood in the fire ? Is it peace ? Then be ye of us, let your hope be our desire. Come and live ! for life awaketh, and the world shall never tire ; And hope is marching on.' On we march, then, we, the workers, and the rumor that ye hear Is tbe blended sound of battle and deliv'rance drawing near ; For tho hope of every creature is the banner that we bear ; And the world is marching on. Hark the rolling of the thunder ! Lo the sun ! and lo thereunder Riseth wrath, and hope, and wonder, And the host comes marching on. There is a poem, ' A Death Song,' written in commemoration of the death of Allied Linnell in Trafalgar-square on -the 20th November, 1887 : What cometh here from West to East a wending ? And who are these, the marchers stern and slow ? We bear the message that the rich are send ing Aback to those who bade them wake and know. Not one, not one, nor thousands must they slay. But one and all if they would dusk the day. We asked them for a life of toilsome earn ing, They bade us bide their leisure for our bread ; We craved to speak to tell our woeful learn ing, We come back speechless, bearing back our dead. Not one, not one, nor thousands must they slay. But one and all if they would dusk the day. They will not learn ; they have no ears to hearken ; They turn their faces from the eyes of fate; Their gay-lit halls shut out the skies that darken. But lo ! this dead man knocking at the gate. Not one, not one, nor thousands must they slay, But one and all if they would dusk the day. Here lies the sign that we shall break our prison ; Amidst the storm he won a prisoner's rest ; But in the cloudy dawn the sun arisen Brings us our day of work to win the best. Not one, not one, nor thousands must they slay, But one and all if they would dusk the day. The line— ' But, lo ! this dead man knocking at the gate,' contains a terrible warning, could it be but taken. And as laureate of the people Willinm Morris has voiced the Workers' call to arms oft and again, and has also sounded their note of warning to their enemies. In the ' Workers' Drinking song ' he peals the right of the people ' To claim their rights in every land.' It may be called a wassail song. Come, comrades, come, your glasses clink ! Up with your hands a health to drink. The health of all that workers be In every land, on every sea. And he that will this health deny, Down among the dead men, Down among the dead men, Down, down, down, down, Dawn among the dead men let him lie ! Well done ! Now drink another toast, And pledge the gathering of the host, The people armed in brain and hand To claim their rights in every land. There's liquor left : come, let's be kind, And drink the rich a better mind ; That when we knock upon the door They may be off and say no more. Now, comrades, let the glass blush red ; Drink we the unforgotten dead That did their deeds and went away Before the bright sun brought the day. The Day? Ah, friends, late grows the night : Drink to the glimmering spark of light ; The herald of the joy to be. The battle-torch of thee and me ! Take yet another cup in hand And drink in hope our little band ; Drink strife in hope while lasteth breath, And brotherhood in life and death ! And he that will this health deny, Down among the dead men, Dawn among the dead men, Down among the dead men, Down, down, down, down, Down among the dead men let him lie ! 