C ommu nieate d. AN IRISH GHOST STORY. By Gcillacme Hennessie. Gloomiest of. all the haunted places I have visited was Fairfield-Castle, Ballina sloe, County Galway, Ireland. The first night I slept under its roof was in the autumn of 1860. I arrived there in the afternoon on a visit to my aunt, Mrs. Butler. It was decided I should share the same room as her bachelor brother, my youngest uncle. Many were my con jectures as I entered the bedroom to retire for the night—it was warm and bright with a turf fire. Being only four teen years old I felt nervous in sleeping in a ghostly apartment. However, my fears were' allayed when my uncle Robert came in a little later. Was I dreaming or wide awake as the big round clock struck 12 ? Whether I was or not I was sure I heard a thudding in the room just opposite our bedroom door. One thud, then another, as if some one were knocking their heel on some block. I listened. The noise continued ; it was a peculiar sound at the dead of the night. It wasn't very terrible but sufficiently so to frighten me. My first impulse was to cover my head. When any youngster gets a fright iii bed covering the head is sure to follow, which makes me believe that when Adam and Eve had finished eating the forbidden fruit they hid their heads with branches from the tree of life. As there was no abatement of the row, I whispered to my uncle, "do you hear anything?" " O yes," replied he, almost jocosely, " that's the ghost, and a tanta lizing one it is." That he was used to it was perceptible at once. He yawned drearily and advised me to shut my eyes and not listen. But he commanded a curious frightened boy. I begged him to get up and see what was there. He yielded to my entreaties, saying as he jumped out of bed, " I won't be able to see the supernatural phenomenon." He was a man of amazing nerve and determi nation. He opened the door and stood as cool and collected as if he was receiving an expected letter from the postman, sang out "who is there?" There came no answer. I was sitting on my bed and could see no object. He left the door ajar and came back to bed, and said to me triumphantly, " didn't I tell you it would be useless to go spirit chasing. Soon after I dozed off and was en joying the only thing we can in this world —sleep. Awakening in the morring I found my uncle gone. I leaped out in affright, peeped out the door, and heard a distant rattling of crockery and people walking hurriedly about, which I imagined were the servants preparing for breakfast. I dressed, and as I swore from the night before I would have a thorough search so as to get a clue to the noise, I inviolably kept my promise, and as I was positive the ghost was in the room opposite ours, I determined to overhaul him. It was a recess off the corridor, and was used as a sort of store room —four bags of potatoes were piled on a large round block. They towered up to the wire of the bell which ran along the ceiling. A box of papers stood on the other side, and directly over, it was hanging a half side of bacon. The walls were deal. It once did did duty as one large room, but was partitioned off. I eyed every corner ; no trace of a distur bance or remains of a ghost was to be seen. I scampered off to the dining-room and found my uncle monopolizing the big arm chair near the fire, aud reading a Dublin paper. He asked me if I was such an early riser at home. I replied in the negative. He was starting to give me his opinion on sleepy drones when I escaped out of the room, and went out in the cold November air. Everything everywhere about Fairfield is dreary. It is gloomy and drear in the daytime and really terrific in its gloominess after dark. Exteriorly it is oblong in shape, with three towers— one square one in the centre, and one each at north and south sides. The gar den, which is tastefully laid out, is on three sides of the house. Beyond are rows of trees hiding the house from pub lic view. In fact the place is smothered with trees, and on my first visit I wouldn't go out at night for a gift. I strolled around the park down to the neat little lodge, which is a quarter of a mile from the hall door. When I got back the bell was tinging for breakfast. The household consisted of twenty per sons (including servants), and save uncle and I, all slept upstairs. Night was not long in comiug on again, and we were in bed at half past nine; twenty minutes later the lights were put out in all the rooms downstairs. They had not been out ten minutes when the bell in the storeroom began to ring. Uncle got up and and asked all the others above whether they were ringing for him. They were not, and they had all retired except my aunt, who was in the library writing. He came back to his room and told me no one called. I thought there had, because if I knew it was the ghojst I wouldn't have remained while he went to ascertain the reakon of the bell ringing. Uncle left the candle lit, and rolled in to bed. The night was dark, the sky so cloudy, the wind howled mournfully. How 1 hated the country that night, and wished my self back in busy Dublin. I piously recited pater nosters for protection against ghosts, and made my uncle push the bed nearer the wall, so as he could shield me one side and the wall the other. Many nights were spent like this. When the morning returned so would, too, my courage. One Sunday night as we were going to sleep the bell started, and rang every now and then, until my uncle could bear it no longer. He jum ped out. I implored him not to leave the room, as I was too much frightened to go out with him or remain while he went. But as he was resolved to see and know the cause of the disturbance I reluctantly fol lowed him with the candle in hand, devoutly making the sign of the cross. My uncle was as brave as on the previous night. We crossed the threshold, I shivering and looking about and fancying I espied num berless phantom figures. We stood motionless, almost keeping our breath. The tension was relieved when the bell rang again after four minutes waiting. ' We watched and strained our eyes to see a ghost. Did we see one 1 No. Then what made the bell ring ? Mice running along the thick wire ! We looked at each other disgusted. Next morning we told our adventure; we were the laughing stock of the family until it died out. But what caused the other noise on my first night ? A pet torn cat dragging at the bacon, and it falling against the wooden wall. I caught Tom in the act of doing it one afternoon. That same cat rid Fair field of mice. 