AN IRISH POET. JAMES CLARENCE MANGAN,. That Ireland has done as much, as many other nations in enriching the literature of the world is a fact, which is so well known as to be beyond ques tion. The names of Moore and Davis, with other poets of almost equal celebrity, are perhaps as familiar to English-speaking peoples as even those of Milton and Pope. Whether patriotism in art is a desirable thing or not, is a question which it is not my purpose here to consider ; at any rate, Ireland's poets, while they often appealed to the whole of mankind in the expression of their thoughts, were at the same time as patriotic as could be desired. Perhaps in the whole list of Irish writers who at any .time have gladdened the hearts of their coun trymen with their stirring songs, there is not one who devoted his life so exclusively to the advance ment of his country's literature as the almost unknown poet, James Clarence Mangan. The love which this man bore for his native land was nearly equalled by his hatred for England— his country's oppressor ; and his intense dislike for that nation was so deeply rooted in his Irish heart that, in spite of any inducement, even when the weight of a great poverty was hanging about him, he re frained absolutely from contributing to any of the English journals, and even from publishing his work in an English printing-office. ;??-.; Such action in these days might be called an unreasonable and foolish prejudice ; in hia day, amid the cruelties of a heartless oppression, it was not considered so, and, although Mangan could speak no word of the Celtic language, he was Irish or nothing. It is certainly a strange thing that the fire and the sometimes terrible earnestness of his work has not commanded more attention than has been , bestowed upon it. The great gloom which over shadowed his lite, his bitter disappointments, together with the pure gentleness of his character, are objects which cannot fail to interest the most callous, and call forth sympathy from the most .heartless. Reading the pages of a late number of the Cai/Ifornian, I noticed a very eloquent paper headed as above and signed by Elodie Ilogan. Tliat writer, with an ardour which is inspired by unbounded enthusiasm, discusses and quotes at ?great'length the principal poems of Mangan. ' As this is merely a sketch, and is. by no means intended as a review of the article referred to, I, can only give a few extracts, and must refer those in search of further information to the pages of the .Californiai^ whereon the shamrock must' soon 'be growing. j Mahgan's early life, as Hogan tells us, was em bittered by a most unfortunate affair de occur which preyed terribly, upon his sensitive nature, and ' shy- gentle, ihsupportably lonely,' Hogan continues, ''like a ghost he went his shadowy way silently ?with-p' , ; ';,. ,\' ...'... ?'Drear suffocation in a drear abyss, Lean hands outstretched toward the dark profound, ? Strained ears vain listening for a tender sound, The set'lips choking back the death-like cry, Wrung from the soul's forlornest agony.' Mangan's work consists principally of so-called j translations, but translations so free and full of i his own individuality and imagination as to remain j entirely his owr. Here is a sample of his verse : I ? ? I ' Lo )k round my soul and see and say | I If those about thee understand I Their mission here ; j The will to smite — the power to slay — I Abound in every heart and hand j Afar, ancar. I But God must yet the conqueror's sword | Pierce mind as heart in this proud year? j ? Oh, dream it not ! i It sounds a false blispheming word, j Begot and born of moral fear— | ? And ill-begot !' I ' To leave the world a name is nought, I To leave a name for glorious deeds | And works of love — i ' A name to waken lightning thought [ And fire the soul of him who reads ; \ TM s tells above. Napoleon sinks to-day before The ungilded shrine, ihe'sint/le soul Of Washington ; Truth's name alone shall man adore, ' Long as the waves of time shall roll Henceforward on ! ?? My countrymen ! ray words are weak, My health is gone, ray soul is dark, I My heart is chill — 1 ' Yet would I fain and fondly seek ' I To see you borne in freedom's bark. '. I O'er ocean still. Beseech your God and bide your hour-— He cannot, will not, long be dumb ; Even now His tread Is heard o'er earth with coining power, And coming, trust me, it will come, Else were He dead.' What can be more beautiful than the grace, sim plicity, and passionate intensity of his old-fashioned paraphrase of lloi∈ Duh by the unknown minstvel of an Irish Chieftain ? I quote two stanzas : — ' Over hills and through dales Have I roamed for your sake ?; ' I All yesterday I sailed with sails On river and on lake. The Erne at its highest flood , I dashed across unseen, For there* was lightning in my blooJ, v lied lightning lighten' d through my blobd, ?' My Dark llosaleen ! - Jk My own liosaleen ! : Oh! there was lightning in my blood, : Red lightning lighten' d through my blood. 5 My Dark Rosaleen !' : 'Over dews, over sands, Will I fly for your weal ; Your holy delicate white hands Shall girdle me like steel. At home in your emerald bowers, From morning's dawn till 'e'en You'll pray for me, my flower of flowers, Mj' dark Rosaleen ! My fond Rosaleen ! You'll think of me through daylight hours, My virgin flower, 'my flower of flowers, My dark Rosaleen '.' I have already exceeded the space allowed to me, but I cannot refrain from adorning these pages with two verses from the spirited Karamanian Exile. ' My boyhood's feelings newly born Karaman. Wither'd like young flowers up torn, Karaman! O Karaman ! I hate the blessed light of morn, Karaman ! It maddens me the face of morn, Karaman ! O Karaman !' ' There's care to-night in Ukhbar's hall, Karaman ! . There's hope too for his trodden thralls, Karaman.! O Karaman! What lights flash red along yon walls ? Hark ! hark! — the muster-trumpet calls ! I see the sheen of spears and shauls, Karaman ! The foe ! the foe !— they scale the walls, Karaman ! To-night Murad or Ukhbar falls, Karaman ! O Karaman !' It is more than ninety years since Mangan was born, and his name is about as obscure now as it was at that time. I cannot do better than conclude with the last verse of that which Hogan calls his ' fearful and pathetic autobiographical poem.' ' Him grant a grave to, ye pitying noble, \ Deep in your bosoms ! There let him dwell ! He, too, had tears for all souls in trouble, : Here and in hell.' And wish, with him, that not. only his grateful country, but the world, will ere long accord him. that which he earned with his' heart's blood— the; wreath of Fame. . \ Sydney. W. J. B. 