FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1894. ALTHOUGH Mr Patterson, when on his recent visit to Wodonga, cast a con- temptuous eye in the direction of the Custom house and denounced the innocent structure as "barbarous," and althouph he has within this very week declared that "the greatest bar to Federation is the stock tax," all this does not prevent the Premier from punishing every unfortunate person who, like himself, believes in inter- colonial free trade, and who, therefore, evades the "iniquitous" stock tax whenevesr an opportunity presents it self. Last week one settler had to suffer to the extentofe180 for practicing instead of preacshing intercolonial free trade; and, a few days later anothoer intercolonial free trader, who preferred to cross his horses at Talgarno, where no customs officer is stationed, to con ing round to Wodonga, had four of the animals seized in Messrs Campbell and Soas'--eslayards - here. The -customs office ut ers put the horses-one of which had been purchased at the sale by a Mr Cavanagh for £24-under lo',k and key for the night, but next morning the lock was found broken, and the £24 horse was non est. Almost every paddock in this district has since been scoured,in order to secure the stolen () animal, but so far without success. The customs officers have good reason to believe that the stock tax is systema tically evaded towards the head of time river, andthe stock inspector at Tin taldra spent the best part of last week in following up a clue which threatened to implicate nearly a dozen personson the Upper Murray. It is just possible thataprosecution will take placeagainst more than one selector in that neighbor hood for carryingintercolonial freetrade ideas into practice in the matter of im porting cattle and horses. 'lir T. E. Foley, who effected the seizure of the horses recently at Tallangatta, having returned to Melbourne afterwards, came back to WVodonga by Saturday night's train, and on Sunday morning set out on horseback in the direction of the Upper Murray. The Go'vern mont:of which Mr Patterson' is: the head may be very anxious about "abolishing those artificial barriers to commerce" between the colonies; but if we are to judge the Government by its actions, and not by its words, it displays considerably more anxiety in persecuting the practical intercolonial freetraders. Mr Patterson himself says that Sir Geo. Dibba will not consider the question of a free border so long as the stock tax exists; yet the Victorian Government makes an example of every person who is known to evade this olnoxious impost. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Worlonga Shire Council will be held on Wednesday next, when, amongst the business to be transacted, will be the appointment of a lamplighter and caretaker for the Shire Hall, the position having become vacant owing to the occupant of the office having left the town. toris anti lew soutli ?wae.i is ,towv under consideration by the Government a draft (says the Wodonga Warden'" is i courst yesterday, Mr Warden Rlowan presid ofing, an application of Benjamin Spargoty for a gold min definitely lease for 46ttled, acresnd it Micannot be ttafely brought forward. Mr Edmountil theson appetared in supportff ofthis cthelo npplwhich has-' vitist in fluen ew~ oft e borderif.qds tion, which was objectled to by Parlia Ziment. The amendments, of the tarlf of which are Gold Mining Companywould necthe ground that the granting ofreverse, the conditious on whidh a recipreclity treattv wolease would very sUnderiously interfereaty which the operations of that company.rs ago goods were interchanged free of duty, ad this oliwas denied by the applicant, whoales however, admitted that a little incon avenieout c60,000 might be occasioned to the eqlalet Pion the larger bulkCompany. The case sent fromlved the question of riparian rights, and the Victoriarden, compafter heared withng the evquantitydence, annimportuned from that an adjournment would be new factory now exist. The evidence woudis the stock tao ad the importation of Minesugarwli would give his decislisn in due course. A new horder' treaty between Vic toria and New South Wales, which would create an 'account Lin favor of that, colunder consideration byck tax, howe Gover, nmentl and all probability bthe "Age") is in coursea of preparation. The basis of the treaty modified. has not been definimattelyrs nw settlead, and i Ngew South Wales in adopting a tirther instalment osaf protetogh, it forwardis suggestedil that the tariff of the two o olon,'ieo might "be ?amalgnmated,; and inter.' scolonial freetlde obtained, the reeipts being adjusted, if thought desirable, on tion, has beens finally settled by Parlia ment. The amendments of the tariffon. whichVery general regret was expresed in necesodongsaorily affect, or even reverse, the conditiculaly amongst the person which arcipreit treaty woutended the horbased. Under t-when it becatye knowhich wathats in forc athew Mitchell, of goodJarvis were interchanged free ofatta, had dutyed earlyd thise lameo paid Newa South Walesidence, abiout £60,000 a year as'the equiivalent onafter a short illness, the larger bulk of trade set of dearom beVictoria, compared with the quantity lungs. Dr Seccombe, of Tallangattat. and Dr Woods, of Albury, had un availingly attened mothe deceasedolony. ButM new factors now exist. T'here is the sitchell wask tax and the impyoungest sation of sugar frons New South WVales, which would creaJohn Mitchell, formerlyunt in favor of thate Wool. shedcolony. The stock taxhers, however, ~ihls Mitche all proband Mr John Mitconsiderablyl, su vive himed. As "Matter," as nohe was familiarlynd known, will be greatly missed throughi Newout Sothe district. He wadoptisg a furthera brinstalmenteder of protection, id amst is suggcesteds fulthat the tariffs of horses antwo ctlonies mhilsght he was universmalgamatdlly admitterdito be one of btained, the ve et eqiireceipts beling adjusted, if thoughit desirable, on in the basis colony. His genial, tempera ment made him friends all over thoe Scolony, by whom his untimely decease will be vgenery deeply regret wt expresed. Hin Wodofuneral took place on Sund i g-parthe. ticulallangatta emety amongst the persons whoas veryat tlargelyndeattdded, the horse sale-when it becut knhorsemen in thate procession. Mitelrs Mitof Jarvie's -Creek;- Tallanbrstta, had died hell, wthe saregret to strningate, has residen cei delicater a shortate of hea illness, th for some tideath past,; and there are seven children' Whd have been deprivesy and inof a fmmatoher of the Mr Frantk Westeon revisited,:Wo dolungs. on MondaySeccobe, on his lla?y naiitt?. and, Dr Woods, of Albury, had sui fromavailingly attened the pper Murray district, inMr which.hell was.b the youngest sog nightly of Mr John the meritchell, formerly of the Wol.r abthe past ndhistwob or three weeks. The Mitchell and Mr John Mitchiell, suir vive hrsatile and humorous le wasturer hadilialy knowe understand,, will be gr veratly misuccessfuled through ouallthrough the district. He wate colony. great Batmbrick's Hall, notwithstanding the unfavorahle meteorological conditions whichbreeder of horses, and ay nightt success ful exhibitor of horses aind cattle; whilst e was universally admittedston, evidently asof the veryand heartyas h equine judges in thirty years ago, inteialested and amusede his audfriendsce for over thewo hours with his banjo playing, song.s, ditties, :speehidfying, &e.; i :. Mrcolony, by whom his untihasely decease timlle pastery held the appointment ofHis funpolce magistrate on Suday; i the Beechworth districst, has received intimation of the intetion of the Ministery, of Justice tovery transfer him to Bendgo, if there change aout thirty vehicles *and over two hundred horseuld men ine the proces. As th it.re. moahell, woe regret to state, has been ii acts delicapte atblate of health for seineought roabltit past, and the proposal might meet witdreh wir Rowan's couourrence. M?r Rowan, haever, been depied of a father. Minister, tatirg that he would previsifer to remaind: Wo doiiga on Monday, on hIs' vay )lack~ frinom the Upper Murraychwth district, iih present. .... , STiehhe B.has.eworth expatiapers menting nightlythe on the nierits of his " Wizard oil"-for fact thats durig eat dytwo or twohree weeks. The eversatile ond tumorhas bee lecturer dby Mr JRwe understand, a fter any successful tof fifteen years. -Mr, Grone .was for a allog time theaeditoi part of the cOvensy. Band Murray Advertiser sandin, og th ine respeot of--professional ability and persounfavorable meteorologqualifical ctions, was held ins which prestimation by the resMoidayents of the, townas ell filled, and .. Mr . o eston, evidently-a enlile aiii hearty as ho was thirty yearsld ago, lending pterested and amuhe edtori staudience for over twoth'Sydney Daily Telegraph." hours awith his banjo playing, treet'song, dittlubles, speechifyig, ctwill take Mr J1. Rowan, who has, for sonie tlace past helBarand theda. appointment of police magisnday, 4th June. Full particulars ihistrict, hiss received intiniation of the intetion of the Minister of Justice to transfer him to Bendigo, if the hamistge s tould mreeting his views. the Bai-re ick's Buildings, oppote in many respectser ninus hotel.eitwa thought ro l t the proposal might imeet with Ar Rowan's coneurrenie. Mr Rossan,i how~ever, hoei replied to the Minister, stating that ho would prefer to remaiii in. thin Beceliwoith district -for-ýtho present. The Beechworth papers mention the A coroner's inquest was opened at Wagra by Mr J. Rowan, P.M., on Saturday touching the death of Ara- bella Grace Pearce, wife of Mr H. H. Pearce, J.P., of Wagra station, who died suddenly on the previous Wed- nesday night. The following jury were empannelled:--Messrs Thomas J. Murray (foreman), William Ried, James Grant, Joseph Hindle, George Hill, William Carkeek, and Michael M'Grath. After the jurors had viewed the body, the inquest was adjourned until Wednesday, the 22nd instant, at the Tallangatta Courthouse, owing to the indisposition of Dr Seccombe, who had made the post-mortem examina- tion, and the witnesses and the jury were bound over to appear on that day. The funeral of the deceased took place at the Tallangatta cemetery on Saturday afternoon, the remains being followed to the grave by a number of sorrowing friends. The inquest was resumed before Mr Rowan, P.M., and the jury on Wednesday, when the evidence of Henry H. Pearce, the husband of deceased went to show that the deceased had given way of late years to drink and that she con- sumed about 35 gallons of spirits in twelve months. lt had been impos- sible, he said, to keep liquor from her. The testimony of Elizabeth Harmand Kate West, governess at the house, was corroborative of that given by Pearce regarding the intemperate habits of the deceased. Dr Seccombe, who was also examined, expressed the opinion that death had resulted from alcoholic poisoning. The jury brought in a verdict in accordance. with the medical evidence, adding a rider that better care should have been taken to keep drink from deceased. The Wodonga bred horse Picaroon, by Bonnie. "Carlisle=. lMiss' Jane with 9st :21b up, won the steeplechase at Moonee Valley on Saturday. Picrroon was ridden by Burke, and started at 10 to l agst. With ordinary luck (says a Mellbourne piper), Sovereign,; who started a' warm'-favorite, would have won, iut hlie slipped once or twice after landing over a'"jump; was interfered with"when Billy fell, and then finished within three-quarters of a length of Picaroon. It was intended that the 'formal ceremony of starting the machinery by which the Hon, J. A. Wallace's claii, at Staghorn Flast; is to be ,worked should` have taken; plaie'on Tuesday, and the event had be.ili'ery eagerly I lookel forward to. Some slight delay, however, has been unavoidable, and when it is remcmbered that this ma Schindry is the;largest of its kindlin the world, this will not bodconsiderod stir-, prisi;g. Everything, however, is now so far in readiness thatr a start .has been fixed for early next month, a'i'd' it .many be relied -upon that this ar rangement will :be caried oi The Premier has promised to visit Staghorn Flat,' and'take~,pit mi½ theproceedings, and- there will' be a numniber- of other distiniguished guests present. ,The proceedings will be attended with con siderable eclat, as they will practically mark a new era in the desc, iption of mining such as that in which Mr Wallace is engaged at SLaghorn Flat. A Baranduda correspondent writes: \--"On the 17th instant a concert was held here, in the State school, in aid of the prize fund of the school. The affair had been organised by Miss Smale, the head teacher, to procure prizes for the children as an encourage- ment to them after their efforts forthe past year. This was the third annual concert got up by Miss Smale for that purpose, and the little folk showed their appreciation of it by their zeal in disposing of the tickets. In spite of the very wet night; the room was crowded, many of those present coming from long distances, and braving the elements so as to be able to give their help and make the event a success. The following was the programme:- Song, The Merry Month, a round of six children; song, Little Cock Sparrow, Misses Ida McGeoch and K. Starr; recitation, The Lion and the Mouse, Miss Emma Puddephatt; duet, Whispering Hope, Mrs McGeochl and Miss McKoy; recita- tion, Mary's Ghost, Master W. Bar- tell; song, When Sparrows Build, Miss Smale; recitation, A Lecture, Miss S. Starr; duet, I would that My Love, Misses Christie and McKoy; musical drill, six children; duet Life's Dream is O'er, Misses M'Koy and M. Powell; recitation, Irish Schoolmaster, Master J. Starr (encored); song, Little Hero, Master J. McGeoch; recitation, What the Mouse Says, Master C. Bartell; trio, Wild Wood Flowers, Masters A. Horsfall, J. Starr, and T. Starr; recita- tion, Their First Brother, Miss B McKoy; song, Miss, Mf. Powell (en cored); song, Annie Laurie, Miss Smale (encored). At the termination of the programme, the chairman read out the names of those children who had obtained the highest nunmber, of marks in their classes during the year -viz.: -- Sixth - Emma Puddephatt; fifth - Carl Bartell; fourth--Willie Bartell; third-~Willie Horsfall; second -Martha Kleinitz, Charles Starr; first- Katie Starr. He congratulated the successful ones on their success, at the same time advising those who were unsuccessful not to be disappointed; but to try again and see if they could not secure a prize next year. The proceedings ended with three hearty cheers for the visitors, Miss Smale, and the children, for the enjoyable entertainment." 