VICTORIAN ITEMS. In addition to the 176 tons of butter which the R.M.S. Ballarat shipped from Melbourne to London on Saturday, as already cabled to The Mercury, there was also shipped 80 doz. fresh eggs, which are expected to realise 1s. 3d. per doz., or Is, per doz after paying expenses of shipment and freight to London. The eggs were packed in pea shells, with sheets of paper between every layer, and slightly frozen. If this export trade can be successfully accomplished, it will be a great advantage to farmers and poultry-keepers. Next month it is the intention of the department to export dressed poultry on a large scale, and arrangements have been made at the refrigerating works for killing and plucking the birds at the rate of a thousand a day. The birds have to be not more than six months old, and when plucked must have good white meat and weigh not less than 30TH. Ducklings must weigh 4lb. Grower, and turkeys from 8th. to 12th. when plucked. The department also proposes to ship veal, the carcases of the calves being cleaned and sent to London with the skins on in a frozen condition. Iii ey are ex j seemed to realise from 5d. to 6d. per lb., and it is estimated that 1½d. per lb. will cover all expenses. There will also be ship- ments of lamb and mutton in a few weeks, there is much virtue in cold air. It is found to be the safest medium for carrying meat to London, and a fruitgrower of Alameda, in California, is said to have discovered that fresh fruit can be carried in good condition thousands of miles, even through a ton id zone, in a freezing chamber. The Agricultural Department has been making a series of practical tests with a view of ascertaining it it is possible to preserve eggs for a lengthened period by keeping them in a low temperature. To that end a number of eggs were nine months ago placed in the cool chambers of the City Re invigorating Chambers, and a few days since were tested by being eaten after boiling, and also in the form of omelettes. They were found to be as fresh as on the day they were placed in the chamber. In connection with the general election there was a riot at Sale on Thursday night. It occurred near the polling booth and arose among some roughs, and the police were sent to restore order. Constable Chandler was kicked by a man named Davidson, who with another named De Vine was arrested. A crowd of roughs then attacked the police, throwing stones at, striking and kicking them. After being severely handled. Constable Bolton produced a revolver, and the crowd fell back Davidson was then dragged into the fire brigade station, and kept there till the police were reinforced, and with the assistance of some civilians, both men were taken to the watch house. Constables Noble, Chandler, and Holton, were struck severely with stones and fists, the attack being a savage one, and the scene the most disgraceful ever witnessed in Sale. The seventh session of the Fed-, ral Assembly of the Presbyterian Churches of Australia and Tasmania met on Thursday night. There was a large attendance of delegates from New South Wales and Queensland, The retiring moderator (Rev, D. S. McEachran) preached the sermon, and, amidst applause, introduced the new moderator, Dr. Cosh, of Sydney. The latter, in an address of some length, dealt with the relation of the churches to certain movements of contemporary thought attach log Christian doctrine, and the practical effect which those movements ought to have upon their methods and work as Christian ministers and upon the religious life and experience of their people. He said that unless they were prepared to interdict all scholarly study of the Bible and all scientific and scholarly study of Christianity, they must be prepared for such questions and the practical effect of those movements should be a revival of spiritual life in all the churches, an increased diligence in the scholarly study of the Bible, and more painstaking and continuous exposition of the same. Some of the English newspapers poke fun unmercifully at the "goody goody" display lately made by the Customs authorities in Victoria in connection with the prosecution of a Fitzroy bookseller for having the "Art of Love" on sale. One of our con- temporaries says "Some amusing-but dubious-reports are to hand which associate the Minister of Customs in Melbourne with one Ovid, a port, somewhat to the literary if not 'moral' disadvantage of the former. Thus, the Pall Mail Gazette : ' Melbourne is resolved to lag behind the van of progress no longer. Purity is in the air, so why should Melbourne week 6 The Cabinet therefore looked about for a suitable book to suppress. After grave and perhaps not unprayerful deliberation, it settled finally on that flagitious corrupter of the youth, Ovid. Poor Ovid ! Was not it enough that they banished you to the Black Sea when you were alive-really because you had a piece of exclusive scandal about the Princess Royal, and not at all because your verses were a little undraped that they should now rake up the charge after you have had nearly 1,900 yours to make an honest ghost of yourself ? But there may be some comfort even for the ghost, in that the Administration of Victoria proposes to suppress only the English translation, which Ovid himself would hardly understand. So the boy in the grammar school will be com- pelled" to read what the bookseller in the street is fined for selling. Advance Australia " The Camilla Urso and De Vere Sapio Co. are again giving concerts in Melbourne to crowded houses. So far the quantity of butter exported this season from Melbourne is three times greater than last year. The bootmakers' strike still continues, without much actual change in the situation. In the course of the week it is expected that the conference of representatives of statement and reinstatement houses, which is now sitting at Collingwood, will agree upon a new list of prices ; but till then both sides remain inactive. In a letter which Sir Henry Wrixon has sent to the Premier from England he refers in warm terms of appreciation to the cordial reception the Australian delegates to the Ottawa Conference received throughout Canada. He writes : " From Vancouver, one of the youngest of the cities in this Dominion, to Quebec, the oldest, we have been uniformly greeted as brothers. Nothing could exceed the affection, I might term it, with which we have been met everywhere." Sir Henry indicated that he would, towards the end of the year, return to America for the purpose of inquiring into the working of the federal constitutions of the United States' and Canada, the tariff question, and other matters of interest to this colony. On the question of railway freights in America compared with Victoria, Mr. H. R. Mackay who accompanied the Minister of Defence recently to the United States, writes : " On the trunk lines they use heavier equipment than in Victoria, steel rails 60lbs. to 30s., heavy freight engines of the large Baldwin' type, and freight cars carrying-not 5 to 10 tons-but 20 to 30\. It should be borne in mind that wheat is carried by rail in America by the short ton, or 2400. less than the Victorian ton, and that freights are quoted by the cental, not by the bushel. Again, their common sense in dispensing with bags and using elevators for both loading and unloading cars and steamers materially cheapen the cost of transport. Looked at as a whole, to carry goods profitably at a low rate a railway must have heavy equipment, solid permanent way, powerful engines, and trucks of large capacity. As regards grain, if Victorian farmers want wheat and oats carried at a low rate the GovérnmentinuBtadopt the elevator system." An inquest has been held concerning the circumstances of the fatal lift accident at the General Post Office on Thursday night last, which resulted in the death of Frederick George Hackett, a messenger. The evidence showed that Hackett was working a lift for the convenience of the caterer, and in some manner, regarding which witnesses were not certain, he fell in the shaft and sustained injuries which led to his death in the Melbourne Hospital a short time afterwards. The lift was in good working order, but had a slight downward creep. The jury adjourned their inquiry for further evidence. A lecturette was delivered on Friday by Major-General Tulloch on the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt, with special reference to the point at which they crossed I the Red Sea when pursued by Pharaoh and his hosts. General Tulloch stated that about 12 years ago he was engaged in preparing a military report on the Suez Canal, and had the opportunity of making observations there which enabled him to determine pretty clearly to his own mind the true point at which the Israelites crossed the Red Sea, and also the manner in which they were enabled to cross it and escape from the Egyptians. They probably left the land of Goshen and travelled about 10 miles almost due east towards the liitth road, which in ancient times led from Africa into Asia, and then suddenly turned southwards. After travelling shout' 10 or 12 miles in that direction they become hemmed in between the Red Sea and the wilderness, in which position they were overtaken by Pharaoh's hosts at a point about 20 miles north of Suez, and at the northern end of the waters now known as the Bitter Lakes. A strong easterly wind then set til, and dispelled the waters of the sea over the land, and enabled the Israelites to cross over, but when the Egyptians followed them the wind changed to the westward, and brought the waters back, and drowned them. To judge from the general tenor of the discussion on Monday night at the Federal Presbyterian Assembly, it is the almost unanimous opinion of the ministers of that denomination that all Christian churches have neglected their duty in respect to the social problems which from time to time pre- sent themselves for solution. A paper by the Rev. Dr. Hay, which was read at the conference, very forcibly expressed the opinion that although the Church could not with propriety interfere directly in the conflict waging all over the world between capital and labour, it could by its teaching from the pulpit, and by the example of its members indicate the lines, such as conciliation and arbitration, on which a better and more satisfactory understanding might be arrived at. It was also contended that the Church as a body should take more interest in the amusements of the people and encourage them in such recreations as are healthful alike to body and mind. Altogether it may be said that the Presbyterian Church had awakened to the fact that if she desired to secure un- swerving fidelity from her adherents she I must take a more lively interest in the social life of-her members, and from a point of view suitable for the present time. Henry Hayes appeared at the Carlton Court on Monday upon three charges of using premises at the corner of Madeline and 16 mverie streets for the conduct of a totalisator. Defendant was fined £5 on each charge, with 15s. costs. Other cases were similarly dealt with. Very severe sentences were passed by Mr. Justice Hodges on Monday, in the Criminal Court, upon three young men who had pleaded guilty to a charge of robbery under arms at Albert Park. His Honor ordered them to be imprisoned for 10 years, a portion of which was to be spent in solitary confine- ment, and a flogging of 20 lashes was also ordered in each case. They seemed to be somewhat' taken aback with the severity of their punishment, and O'Connor exclaimed, Judge, you might as well hang a man at once," to which his Honor replied that the prisoners had narrowly escaped that punishment. 