TEEMS BEIGE. A BUCCANEER STORY. concluded. IV. — More Treachery. The. two captains being once more in the same vessel it was mutually agreed that, until another suitable ship was come across, they should resume their old relations. Caesar accordingly resumed his position oi lieutenant with one reservation. This was, that he should continue to share equally with Flood in ail plunder. The amount of treasure accumulated by the pair was now considerable. Always dreading treachery, not only from their men, bat also horn each otter, it was deemed desirable that some more secure place than the ship should be found for their ill- gotten gains. A hiding-place on shore was, therefore, sought out, and a favorable op portunity awaited for the removal on shore ! of the most valuable and portable portion of their hoards. One moonlight night, when the crew were all below, busily occupied in their customary . work of gaming and drinking, the scheme was carried out. As usual when at anchor, no watch was kept, and Flood had taken the precaution of serving out an extra quantity of rum that night. About midnight all the crew were either dead drunk or so far gone as to be totally incapacitated from any active in terference with the project. Cses&r; crept forward and viewed the scene below, through the open hatchway, with satisfaction. All of the men were fast asleep, except a half-dozen or so, wno still sat round the table in a maudlin condition with half- closed eyes. There was no fear of any interruption from them, and he at once returned aft and joined Flood in the cabin. "Well," queried the latter, "is all safe?" " Perfectly," answered Caspar; "the brutes are nearly all dead drunk, and not one of them could crawl on deck to save his life." " Then the sooner we get our little job done the better," said Flood, rising. " You go on deck and get the skiff alongside ; I'll see about getting the swag up." The powder magazine opened off the cabin, and Flood unlocked the door and went in with a lantern in his hand. Flasks and kegs of gunpowder were ranged round. Piekinc his way through these, he opened a trap-door in the floor at the far end and disclosed a low chamber underneath. Caesar meantime went on deok, and after drawing the small boat up dose under the stern, he rejoined Flood bsloyr- A couple of strong wooden chests, clamped with iron at the corners, lay in the apartment beneath the magazine. One of these was quickly hauled up and cahaed on deck. With as little noise as possible it was then lowered on board the skiff, and the two men took their places beside it. The painter was then unloosed, and Caesar taking the sculls polled rapidly to the shore. Here the box was put ashore and the boat hauled up a few yards on the sand. The spot selected for the reception of the treasure was at the cliffs on the east side of the bay. Taking the chest between them, the two pirates made for this spot without delay. There was no pith, and the ground was tough and in some places overgrown with scrub, but in a short time the «nmmit of % rock was reached. As we have already described, the cliff at this point rises abruptly from the sea. About 30ft from the top a ledge of rock runs along the face, on which a few bushes find a precarious roct-hold and existence. When the pirates had recovered their wind they carried their chest to the edge of the preci pice and then, fastening a rope to it, care fully lowered it till it rested on this ledge. The otter end of the rope was then hitched to a tree which grew near, and both men slid down to where the box was. The rope was then unfastened, and the box dragged to a part of the ledge where the bushes grew thickly. Farting these aride a small opening was discovered in the fact of \ X \- » the rbeki Tnto&istbe; chart Mthoogh the opening was only a "f depth, there was ampHj room. . .A few pieces of roekwere piled 1Q and when the bushes sprang back into their natural position, the hiding-pleo® com pletely veiled. There was no way of reach ing ledge except by the means described, and nothing was there to sbbw that human beings had ever been near the place. Their work completed, the two men pre pared to re-ascend. Flood was fintj bad hold of the rope to draw himself up. Suddenly he turned to Caesar, who stood close behind him, and exclaimed. : — ' Halloa ! what's up with the schooner ? .Look at her quick !" Csesar turned to look at the Mosquito, which was peacefully resting on the mconlit waters of the bay. As he did so, Flood, quick as lightning, swung himself np the rope ; then, with one foot stayed against the cliff, he threw out the other, caught Caesar fairly between the shoulders and hurled him over the precipice. It was the work of a moment ; but whether the result of a preconceived plan, or the impulse of a sudden, avaricious and murderous thought, can never ba known. Flood paused till he heard the splash of his victim in the water below, and then hur riedly a-cended the cliff; On the top he lay down aud looked over the edge for some time. The bottom of the precipice was in deep shadow, and, seeing or hear ting nothing, he concluded his murderous work had been BaceessfoL Hurrying down to urn beach he iauncnea me skiff, Mid at once rowed eff to the schooner. Fastening the boat alongside, Flood cautiously slipped down the cabin stair, tossed off a bumper of brandy, and sat down to think. Af'er a little he got up aud repaired to Caesar' s sleeping berth, where he found a cap belonging to his late comrade and psrtoer. With this in his hand he went on deck. Listening at the fore-hatch he found all quiet, and going to the side he pitched the cap overboard. He saw it slowly drift astern, aud then, running forward, he shouted down the hatchway to the sleeping crew : — "Man overboard! Wake np, there, you drunken swabs, and lend a band here ?" Three or four of the men had recovered sufficiently from the effects of their orgie to respond to his call, and staggered on deck in a half-dazed condition. " Look sharp," Flood cried ; " Caesar's got drank and fallen overboard I Haul np the boat and get in, some of yon." Three sailors jumped into the skiff and pushed off, Flood standing on the taffrail to direct their movements. "There he is," he called to them, pointing astern ; " there he is, just sinking for the third time I Full, you brutes, or you'll lose him f ' The men rowed aa best they could in their still muddled state in the direction indicated, hut, ot course, saw no sign of their lieu tenant. The cap was picked np and identified as Caesar's, and it wss thereupon concluded that the worthy had gone to the bottom. Thus did Flood satisfactorily account to the crew for his lieutenant's disappearance. Next forenoon the Mosquito was gone, and the little bay once more deserted. Y. — Flood Trapped — "Cesar's Ghost." Two months have sped past, and we again find the pilot schooner snugly moored in her favorite place of retreat. Daring this period she had been cruising about the Islands with indifferent success. Some small coasting craft had been overhauled and a plentiful supply of rum «nd otter liquors procured, bat no large or valuable prize had been come across. Plunder having become scarce, the pirates gave vent to deep growls of discontent. They attributed the failure of the cruise to Flood's lack of enterprise, and the want of Cse ear's guiding hand and conn- eel. The captain's position was getting most precarious and uncertain. He managed to keep the men quiet by liberal allowances of rum, but there was no knowing when they might break oat in open mutiny. Discipline was a thing of the past, orders openly disregarded, and even at sea a haphazard state of affairs had latterly prevailed. Pirates are not different from otters; so long as they obeyed orders and had an efficient ommander in whom they thoroughly believed, things rubbed along pretty smoothly. This check once removed, however, and license became rampant, making it only a question oi time for the in evitable collapce mid reckoning. Flood determined this should be his last visit to the bay in the Mosquito. His energies were now centred on securing his ill-gotten wealth, and than leaving his ship and its crew to their fate. His own share of the plunder was safely ashore, hut Caesar's— the most valuable portion of which he had unceremo niously appropriated — was still aboard the schooner. It was now his care to have it also securely ensconced in the recess of the cliff. That once accomplished, it was his intention to again pnt to sea, and either run. the Mosquito ashore near a settle ment or seize some otter favorable chance of quitting his nefarious occupation. The third night after the Mosquito's re turn Flood proceeded to get the treasure ashore. _ Onoe more after had set in he rowed ashore in the little Bkiff. This time he had to content himself with taking the most valuable coins and jewels, the box being too weighty for one person to carry any dis tance alone. A small bag was all he could take with safety, and with this he quioklv scaled the heightand flowered himself on to the shelf of rock. Here bejound the chest and its contents untouched, hastily adding hia precious burthen to the heap, he again retired. Afew steps brought him to the spot at which he had left the rope dangling from the summit He at once prepared to aaoend but, to his oonsternation, the rope had die' appeared ! Casting a hurried gfanoe up the clirf, he saw a man leaning over the edge, pulling it up handover hand. A loud imp©! «U<m «0K»a-Flood« W » laugh of tnumphand deririon came in reply, the lew remaining feet of rope were drawn up, and the man vanished. Flood at oaee concluded be bad been followed from the ship by one of bis orew He was in a terrible fix. FVombtetoM be knew he would rood ve no mercy. Both hie trrimure and hfalifawbdM be saarifioedto tori ladings of grledswl Wjmge. the homfeie thought struck turn that it might be the infeotimi ofhiJ tenower toaay nothing to. the wist of, the crew, but simply leave him to die a lingering death on the ledge. Ether alternative ' W« dreadful to 00a template, and throwing himself down cm the widest para of the efaelf of rook, he cursed his folly for not taking better pre cautions to prevent his movements bring known. Here we leave him, meantime, and return on board the Mosquito, where another strange eoene was bring enacted. When Flood left the schooner he believed the m" were all asleep, or in such an in toxicated condition as to be incapable of leaving the fore-cabin. On this particular nigbt, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of being all drunk as usual, some twenty of the pirates found themselves still comparatively sober and the liquor all gone. This was a state of affairs they were not accustomed to, and calls at once arose for more drink. The captain, they believed, would have retired to rest by that time, but nevertheless they resolved to rouse him up. j More liquor was wanted, and more they would have. After some talk, three of the crew were : selected to proceed to tbe cibin and procure more rum and brandy. The three chosen were Davis the boatswain, a" burly Welsh man ; Harley, the carpenter, a lanky Scotchman ; and Schneider, a Dutch Cm- mac. Crawling up the natcu way tne turee worthies staggered aft to the cabin stairs. Here they were surprised to see a tisht j still burning, bnt boldly descending the ! companion they pushed open the door and entered the cabin. A lighted lantern swung from the ceiling, but Fiood was nowhere to be seen. They searched everywhere, bnt, of coarse, the captain could not be found- In their muddled state, it took them some time to realise the truth ; but when they did so they at once raised the alarm. All the other .pirates who retained their senses and the use of ttrir legs immediately flocked to the after- caom. At first it was conjectured Flood must have fallen overboard and met the same fate as Caesar. Soon, however, the boat was missed, and a cry arose that they had been abandoned. Everyone now rushed into Flood's cabin. Chests and lockere were broken open and ransacked. A plentiful supply of strong drink was obtained, and the pirates to the number of some twenty or thirty ; made free with all they fancied. Some gathered ronnd the table beneath the lantern, some sprawled on the lockers, others on toe floor. Schneider, the Dutchman, being the soberest man in the company, acted as " master of tbe ceremories.7' He sat at the end of ba table facing the cabin— door. Be fore him was a v ater- buoket, into which & dozen or two bottles of rum and brandy bai been indiscriminately emptied. This mix ture he measured out freely in glasses, bowls, and pannikins to all who applied for it. Needless to say, he was kept well employed, and more than once more bottles were added to the contents. One by one the pirates dropped on the floor dead drank. Some, half drunk, fought and cursed. Knives were drawn and pistols fired amidst blasphemous shouts and jells of fiendish laughter. Soon only about half a dozen of the wretches retained sufficient sense to he able to sit round the table. Schneider roared and yelled like a very demon, and was ably seconded in his efforts by Harley, Davis, and one or two others. Some, in a maudlin condition, shonted snatches of buccaneering ditties of the gros sest description. " Fill np arena, boys," cried Schneider, straggling to his feet, " fill up to de brim. I vill giva you a toast, and I rill shoot de who does not drink it." So saying, he pulled out a pistol and laid it on the table in front of him. The pirates round tha table at once eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. This exception was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on the table fast asleep. " Come, wake np, Pedro ! '' roared the Dutchman. " Wake np ! No skulking here, I tell yon ! " and he seized the negro by his shock of woolly hair and raised his head. The black's eyes turned up with a ghastly glare, hut on Schneider relaxing his grip his head at once sank down ag&inT; ' Vat ! " soreamed the Dutchman, " you vill not take your liquor, you black tevil? By gar, but I will make you fake it ! If you vill not take it inside, den you shall have it out ! " Witt these words the drunken villain plunged his pannikin into the backet of liqaor, filled it to the brim, and emptied the contents over the negro's head. The liquor saturated his curly hair, and ran in streams down his neck and face. The Dutchman's joke was received with shrieks of laughter and wild applause, Pedro, however, was too far gone, and lay perfectly still in his drunken stumor. " Now, " said Schneider, refilling his mug, "ve vill have oar toast, boys. Here's to the Mosquito and her new captain, whoever he may be, and speedy death to Flood, the traitor ! Up, boys, up! and altogether. Hip, hip, hur " the cheer died away on his hps, his faee blanched, and with staring eyes riveted cut the doorway, he stammered out in a hoarse whisper — M See ! See ! my Gott, Osar's ghost I" The pirates instinctively turned, and there, sure enough, haggard and wan, but gating sternly upon the horrible scene, was toe figure of their late lieutenant, Davis, toe Welsh boatswain, sat next to Schneider, and was toe first to regain his oompoenre. " Ghost or demon ! " he cried, " FU trv him with a bullet 1" and arising hold bf toe Dutchman pistol, whito sSl lay on toe tahto. to torSwit »tto fiB, JStotoS! ?; ttotpn, ma up hii to Sohneldw tbnr up tto toehide. mm. - (took tto p>W tatttort! StotoUotM- otodttuwafrtto tntorawMek tow toot tto tU». Tto tn»k tto boot It hot opw, ttoUudwvkk. bututeatihuid £u Itkmtaoi tkiMk (to fwPoaro, ilMMgn), opnog to hi. fate brandy -saturated fared In one ter rific blaze Now took place a scene which fa»fiie» description. Fiomeadto end of the cabin toe bUek careered, overturning tabUs, seats and the drunken pirates in his desperation At last he stumbled over a fallen bench! plunged head-foremost against the maCazine door, and the next moment rolled with his blaring head right in amocgri the flasks and kegs of powder ! Uaa?ar (for it was the lieutenant still in the flash) sprang up the cabin stairs and rushed to the side. Without a moment's hesitation he dashed overboard! and a a he did so a terrific report rang in his eare- the deck ot the schooner bunt asunder ; an immense volume of flame shot up to ' the sky, and the sea arouod was in an instant churned into foam by a shower of burning timber, shattered masts and broken plaoki mingled with which were the charred and battered fragments of toe Mosquito's lawless crew. Caesar caught hold of a plank and gazed around him, the only living ui on the face of tbe sea. At length he reached the shore and crawled np on the beach as the first streaks of" dawn gilded the eastern I «fey. I YI. — The Secret of "Teeasure Beach." We will now return to Captain Fioou. The pirate impatiently awaited the break of day in the vain hope that ha might then find some way out of his awful dilemma. As he eat on the rocky ledge he was witness to the blowing up of the Jiosqaito, bat, of course, entirely at a lore to account for the catastrophe. What his fate wae to be | he could not tell. The destruction of ; the schooner made things worse. For I even though he managed to find a way I either np or down the cliff in safety, his t retreat from the bay was cut off. Shortly i after sunrise he was aroused by s hoarse chuckle from above. Springing to his feet S he eagerly gazed upwards, and saw a man's head and shoulders leaning over the nreci- pice. " Who's there?'7 he demanded, as the face being partly shaded he did not at hrct recognise it. " Ho, ho !" came from above, " do you not know me, partner ?" As toe man spoke he turned, and Flood, to his consternation, recognised his intended victim — Caesar ! "Ceesar!" he exclaimed, "is it you! Alive !'' " Aye. still alive, murderer," answered the lieutenant, grimly ; " still alive, Flood, and ready for vengeance. Yen thought y _m had sent me to Davy Jones, but your murderous work failed, and here I am to square our reckoning.' Flood considered a moment. " Caesar," he reid, "I look for no mercy from you, and I ask none. But &e; you're a brave man give me a chance. Let me up and we'll fight it out fair and square." A peal of derisive laughter was the reply. "Ha, ha, ha! 1 Fair and square, that sounds well from you, Flood. But never fear ; it'll be all 'fair and square' imme diately !" Flood tried argument and entreaty in viin, Ceesar merely laughed at him. " Well, then," asked Flood, in desperation, "what do yon mean to do with me? WiH yon leave me to starve here ?" "Perhaps I may," replied the lieutenant, "bnt when you're tired of year quarters, you know what to do. If you can't get up, the road down is easy. It's only one step to the bottom ! But meantime I've a little job for yon. Hani out the box."7 This Flood with some difficulty did, bat could not with safety drag it along the ledge alone. Seeing this, Caesar detached the rope from the tree and carried it along immedia- ately above where the chest lay. There waa no tree there to which to fasten it, so, to save any chance of it slipping over, he gave it a turn round his arm and threw the other end down to Flood. The latter was then told to fasten it to the chest, and Cfesar begs a to haul it up, It was slow work, for he was terribly weakened by his hardthips. As he strained at the rope he drew farther back from the edge, and when the box was on a level with Flood's head he became lost to the view of the latter. Flood at once saw his chance, and spring ing up, caught the rope with both hands and swarmed up the face of the rock. The jerk and extra weight pulled Ca?sar to his knees, and in his ireak condition it was all he could do to save himself from being dragged over. He oould not even let the rope go, as it was firmly twisted round his arm. When within reach of the summit, Flood, who was unaware of the rope's being merely thus fastened, drew a knife from his belt, and, quickly striking upwards, plunged it into the lieutenant's throat. This one blow sealed bo'h their fates. It was almost instantaneously fatal to hia grasp relaxed, and the next moment he rolled over the edge. Down went the two pirates together. The chest of treasure rested on the shelf, but the two men merely grazed the edge and plunged into the abyss balow. In his despair, Flood clung like grim death to toe dead body of Gesar. When they had fallen the length of tbe rope they were broosfat up with a jerk which nearly shook Flood off. The (hest remained firm, however, and its weight kept them dangling in mid air. Then com menced a terrible fight tor life. Flood made a desperate effort to asoend the rope and regain tbe ledge. Hand over hand he struggled upwards, the body of his fate comrade swinging by tie one arm beneath. But the more Flood desperately mounted the rope toe more he hastened nis certem lata. Every pull aft tha rope drew the box nearer and nearer to the verge. A few feet eepareted the pirate from the ledge, wben» to bis horror, the obeet appeared. One desperate auring Flood made lor life, and» he wildly ehUohed at the heeding cliff the chest toppled over. , « Half-way down a point of rock protruded. Head-foremost on tottte die pirate feU, oattretoir fate brains around. Crash came tne SwttofalUto ; tto M towopeM aa the deed pirates aaak in the waterv depW faiaaatb, ttey ware accompanied tothrir fa resting piaeabya shower of tressarel Sm&te; tha origin of " Ikeaiure Beach. I Strand Mtgnstee." 