AT THIS BEEHIVE. POLITICAL. MOSQUITO The latest, incnrsim of the Scots over the border (from a Miuiaterial to the Opposition corner), did not eventuate in their getting away, with much geur. The blue bonnets of tho twa uiao» (McKenzie and McIntyre), the Graeme, tho Harper, and Outtrim looked decidedly bluer after the division of last Wednesday morning. These five Scots who were (in their indignation) to take tho portfolios of the five “ Natives” did not find the latter like so many Chinese running away before the sound and fury of a few Japs. What if Mr. Lazarus is someday to b'' the other Labor member for Bendigo ? Ho is about tho only one now of our City Councillors who can bo rellcd upon to ex postulate against sweating; and fifteen shillings a week business. (By the byo, T observe that one of the contractors’ horsos has gone out bn strike ns a protest apparently against the existing order or of things—got sunstruck in fact, and has departed, I trust, for a world where muck and slush,and dust and -heat, general misery and 12 or 14 hoars toil a day are unknown.) What, however, if Mr. Lazarus is to become one of (he Labor leaders oiv Bendigo? I hoar that already he has been stuck up, and .in n way insultingly threatened for his vote on (ho McKenzie division by some of tbo little- b J g men who think that thoy hold (he representation of the nleotrato. in the hollow of tlWr hands. The more of that sort of dictatoriulness tho for Mr, Lazarus and the Labor party-too. It will help-'further to throw him into their hands, and once there it will bo possible to vory oonbderably retrench the election expenses. God forbid, however, I think I 6an hear not a few exclaiming, that Mr. Lazarus should over bo hand in hand with the Labor party. Mr. Sterry’s speech on the McKenzie “ try on,” will, I am soro. afraid, bo jomombered against him at Golden Square, and Kangaroo Flat. Hq would and he wouldn’t and ho could and ho couldn’t; he would not support a t»x on unimproved land values, bub be would support an income tax and an absentee tax; be would not vote - against tho Government on this occasion, but when tho bpportuoity came he would vote against the unimproved land (ax. Tbero’s the makings of a very pretty fight hero when tho next election comes round. On one side there will be about a score of tho bigger farmers of Marong nod a dozen or so of tho big farmers of Strath* fleldsaye, who, it will bo found,will be the only ones io those shires taxable on un* improved land values. On the other side thero will be the smaller farmers and gardeners of both shires and the working men and business people of Golden Square and Kangaroo Fiat., That class is almost unanimously in favor of an unimproved land tax, firstly and chiefly because they will not come under its operation, and secondly because if direct taxation is not imposed there will have to bo an extension of oustoms. and excise duties, which mean increased prices as against customers and diminished profits for shopkeepers. So if Mr. Sterry is opposed next time by a live hard-headed nob hy some “ Blathering-Bill” nor by a poodle politician who only begins his fawning poodieism of the electors a week or two before election day—it may go bard with the old veteran. Verily you can’t serve two masters. It is hard to k-;op on terms with the Stratbfioidsayo Shire Council and with the. landless workers of tho Bendigo suburbs as well. Noses should in all such cases be counted; and the votes ticked off. Then there ia Mr. O’Neill in Mandu rang. He is Hughesea and Dunne ior, as tho witty Bobby Strickland, once remarked, punning on the names of Lwo formerly well known Bendigo barristers. There’s no hope for the O’Neill—not evim with a£500 exemption;BquirAO’Doherly,j of Rochester, has him on his list. So sure am I that he is lifted that provided Mr. Doherty will bring his mem to help me, and provide for the electioneering bills being sent to them, f will oppose Mr. O’Neill myself. . My electioneering’ programme would be the-mo8t “ Liberal ” ever yet laid before a farming or indeed any other constituency. And the humor of the thing, such as the gullibility of people wljeu the rao§b ridiculous and up possible promises qre made to ! thorn, >s that I’d be bound tp win. lfa ver by any accident tell tfye electors or anybody the truth when the truth is not.pleasant; tell them that that which they want to be true is the whole truth and nothing but the truth • swear to it,'reiterate and reiterate it, prove it by figures which will prove anything that the thing can bo easily done, vow that you’ll do it, or die in the attempt, that if elected you will stake your sent on its being carried out, that you will resign your seat rather than sit in a Parliament which will not do its duty to tho people—said people moaning the handful of electors forming your com mittee —vow that you will dissolve Par liament on the question, but'you’ll see justice done, work yourself pp into a great heat of verbosity and bathos, reach over for the water jug, wink with your loft eye at your paid secretary and the, reporters through the bottom of the glass, and your election will triumphantly give the lie to Mi*. McKenzie’s countryman Hume, who about a -hundred years ago taught the doctrine that we can be sure of nothing. You will be sure of your election. And my infallibly successful election eering programme would be somewhat as follows. No taxation of the farmer, or of any other class having a considerable number of votes within the electorate ; no retrench meat of public servants, because several of them and a little hoat.of their relatives and creditors have votes within the electorate; a general, redaction of railway freights with free carriage for the goods, and six free deputation railway passes per annum to Melbourne, and a family one afc’Oup time ; all railway servants, poefi office employes,* etc., to be provided with free quarters, free board and lodging and on retiring such fact to be taken into calculation mlalloting com pensation money ; every civil servant , to he at liberty to retire on a pension of not less than £500 per annum on attaining 25 years of age; no customs duties to exceed 20 per cent; and the' home market to be reserved by prohibitive duties for the benefit of tho farmer; idlb bands to be. brought to idle lands; village settlers not to bo assisted because (hey mqy be brbught into competition with farmers; the Government (there are or should’be a few mines out at Sebastian, Baywood, KamarOoka and so on) to. provide such sums as may be required for tho payment of calls in mining comp.anie8 r .repayraent bn the part of shareholders to be at the rate of 20 pec coat on dividends obtained,; or such jesspr amqqht as at their/qptjoq they njoy choose to repay/; the GoVerny: tbent endowment tp shires for thq iraprove mept of private ratepayers properties to be doubled for ; no Dabney dsibetter e*» pended ; a uniyembeight' hours* systena, and rigid, except in tha case of. farmers,, -and; of influential and wealthy people in tbwns ; the ‘ abolition of the /Education Aot and the handing, over ,to the; clergy. of an, annual sum of £550 < 006 for the compul gory ; education ‘of- the children; of the polony,tq.be/attached to, this vote.>that pq teaghep' w|jq abC- the.pavKpf^blbbVahq apiritoalmastfirsahallreceivomore-than £XOO' : p0rJ'i|nnutp : to do ! pay mentfprsuQh: chqreatojbe'inoludediipi 'a general salary ij4Cj ‘per; : annum;: disobedience brders ' bh ! the ,i• V>-I (f s o'Ik part of a school-teacher lo bo met with instant dismissal, and on a second offence three days sitting in stocks at the Beehive followed by three, months eriforced rcsi doncd in CAStleirialno ; Ministers to give favorable replies to each .deputation .from a.shire council, or other representative’ body of farmers ; lastly for a revision of the criminal code so that all classes of thieves shall bo placed on an equality with the most favored insolvents in the insolvency court; a thief, caught in the act, not to be prosecuted by the police on his filing his schedule and handing over, the stolen property to his wife for hit lawyer. Thot is to be the programme with with which Mr. O’Neill is next election going to be flogged; out of Maodorang. However, payment otmembers will have to be raised to about double the present rate. For to go through what a candi date has to go and then through what a member has to go,, the life of a member without ' private resources behind him must be a perpetual purgatory on earth. Your constituents expect you to spend two-thirds of your salary “ shouting” for 1 them and the other third in ’• trophies ” for cricket and football clubs, and in forking out whenever they choose to call on you to act an chairman of some trum pery lea meeting or to open some equally , trumpery bazaar or sale of gifts which has been cadged together from different parts of the districi. A member’s salary can’t stand it, and leaye bread and corn beef fnr his own family. If the member have private means ho can metaphorically, if not literally, direct them to that place where the over worried, ond the bored so fervently p ray that their persecutors will gd. So if Mr. Oleary, of Elmore, Mr, Doherty, of Rochester, Mr. Richards, of Bridgewater, wish to contest Mandurang against Mr. O'Neill and salaries of members are not eo be increased I will generously retire in 'favor of one, any or all of them. ' ' LAND OWNERSHIP-OP THE COLONY. I have taken trouble to ethbographi eally—pardon sesquipedalian expression ■ —to etimographicatly analyse the latest division’list in the Legislative Assembly. It was on Mr. Whesler’s amendment for tlie rejection of the tax on unimproved land values. Nearly all the big land owners of the House, of course, voted against it. The Bussells, Ohirnsides, Staughtons, Wheelers, McKenzies, etc., were nil on the one side, Nearly ell the landless or semi-landless poor beggars of the House voted for its imposition. Coupling by the nationality or national extraction of hon. members the division list works out in this style;— There wore against the' tax—38, composed* of— ’ •. ' Scotchmen ... 19 Englishmen... 13 1 Irishmen ... 6 ■ , . Hobrewa, ... . 2 —Total, 38. ' 'There woroiritavorof the tax—52, composed of-r-. w'- ; ' Englishmen... 31 Scotchmen ... II Irishmen * ... 6 - Hebrews ... 5—Total, 62, The poor Englishman, it will again be observed, is nowhere in it; our Hebrew friends ore not where one would have ex pected them to be, and . as for poor Ireland it’s where it always has been— divided against itself, half against half. If the ingenious reader will only study my ethnographical analysis of this Parliamen tary division, taking his boy’s slate and pencil and working out a few little sums in simple proportion, the results will both amuse and edify him. Thirty Scotsmen or men of Scottish extraction in the popular chamber, 19 of, whom voted against the tax 1 What ghost of a chance has the tax pf getting through the Upper Mouse, when the Clark and Wallace slogan sounds and they throw the insulting and exacting demand baek into the teeth of the 31 poor Englishmen in the place below. The real “ curse of Scotland ” is not" .Sir'"John; Mon tell h’a mine of diamonds, but its clan, chieftains and its mining merchant, iqanufacturing, money* lending princes’ large estates. As we knqw from Tom o’ Shanter when speaks ing of evil things, “ a rqnnin’stream they dare na cross,” but in pur case a most evil, thing has crossed twelve thousand rajles of pcean, TgB glQVQLg A start having been made wiih the prosecution of the bicycle fiends who skim along fpotpsths at the rate of 10 or 12 miles an hour, it is to be hoped that the two who were b- fore the court on Thurs day, will not be the lust- of a good few batches. But why, ns in that case, wait till some poor woman is knocked down and lamed for a week afterwards, before taking action ? Why do nob ttie police— especially those in the suburbs—issue summonses against all the cyclers that -they spot using the 'footpaths—accident or no accident. As they whizz past, always startling you, and sometimes narrowly escaping a collision with your own steering gear, you feel momentarily templed to thrust out your hand, push him off on to his proper place on to the road, and then take the law of him for running against you. Bat that would not do. It would be taking a mean and unfair advantage c£ the cyder, besides which you would very probably hurt him so seriously as to be sorry for it when your choler went down. And the majority, of these cycling fiends are, apart from their footpath riding pro clivities, more than ordinary well behaved and estimable young fellows. However, if a little choice and delicate discipline, of 'the humorous and lingering variety, could bo administered to those of them who are in the habit,'' when on their flying daily trips p mb one’s front door dr gateway, of yelling out blasphemously at one’s children for playing where they have a right to play, arid should be able to p’.uy in safety, or turning round and impudently slangwbangiog women for not looking out cor their coming and gettiog.off the footpath os their lordships opproach—if a few of this sort were caught and the punishment made to fit the cringe, it wouldn’t be much matter anyhow if the fit were'a pretty tight one. QUIPS. ..’’Full Bams and Empty Pipes,” might very appropriately size up the situation of a poor old swagman unable to raise a bit of tobacco. But tobacco has nothing to do with it. It’s the terse complaint of a Ballarat irian whoso supply of gong gong- doripg.recent hot snaps was not as copious as bo would have wished. Memo, for a certain coster young nobleman ; Thu difference between dancing Earl and a danqinrigbrl only a question of how jfor handle Yarmouth! Mr. Peacock is going to retrench the' education departinerit a spit deeper. The Bendigo ’ T observe, treated themselves to two more holidays Ithis 'u set as ■jo get qr : :whenever else, their tastes them. This . is 'bad .'for' for the pirerits?tempers. Pm thinking of dropping a note’ tri Mr. 'Peacock' asking him wou|<| work;, if. teachers salaries .were decked for all those days On whichthe : to ; invented,. ftir ..their shotting'up* "the aohqqls shutting the phildrOn out. ; No wprki,; nopay,' 43 motto tHrit; fought. to commend itself $6 * the retrenching ; ; •• -. tho ; ie'dltorhaving compiled hjjs’! 'j WeilXm^frttto; A map * &p3; /; t t4jfc|f'. l|a mqo fa do 