SPORTING NOTES. The acceptances and general entries for tbe Onkaparinga Easter Monday meeting were due with llr. Von Doussa on Slonday. In the Hurdles lo candidates are left in, and in the Steeplechase there are lt- left to battle for the big stake that) is offered. The presence of Ebor aud Beau Brummel has no doubt bad something to do with curtailing the fields in the iumoincr events, but with the elorious un certainties of the turf the favorites may go down or run off, and then both races will look very open affairs. In the Onkaparinga Cup there are 10 runners left in, and in the Railway St»keB a dozen candidates. The Trial Stakes, Amateur Steeple, and Dis posal Stakes have filled satisfactorily, and there are quite enough horses left on the card to afford a very interesting afternoon's racing to those who patronise the gnat picnic meeting of the year. Promptly to time Mr. Hy. Hughes issued thp weights for the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cup on Monday. As was expected Titan heads the list in the Goodwood with the steadier of 10 st. 8 lb., and even with this impost, Bhould the phenomenal gelding make his appearance here, his ohanoes will be re garaea as seoona to none over sue bix iut longs at Morphettville. His measure may be gauged from the fact that he is conceding 4 st. and 1 ib. to John Bull at the bottom of tbe list, ' who won the Trial Stakes on the Old Course on Saturday. We shall take another opportunity of analysing the weights of this race as well as the Adelaide Cup, where The Admiral has been placed in the post of honor with 9 st 8 lb. Last year's winner, Vakeel, looks well in at 8 fit. 12 lb., and Mr. W. R. Wilson's representatives and other Melbourne horses appear to have a fair show along with the best ot the local division. The weights were merely glanced over by turfites on Monday, as there are no books open, nor is anything likely to be done on this meeting until tbe Onkaparinga meeting is a thing of the past. Ebor, Selim, Orpheus, and Beau Brnmmel are amongst the new arrivals, also LX.L. and Chasm. The brothers Anwin have arrived in Adelaide to fulfil riding engagements at the coming meetings. A meeting of the committee of the S. A, J.C. took place on Monday afternoon. The dis qualifications of W. Coonan, C. P. Kain, and A. J. Crouch, as jockeys, were removed. Nine other applications wre heard and refused. The application of Mr. W. M alien for the removal of the disqualification of Ensign was received and leave given to apply again in six months' time. Applications on behalf of Nipper and Lightfoot were refused. Tbe sub ject of a blind totalizator was discuBaea, bat was adjourned to a future meeting. The secretary of the Adelaide Polo Club baa made an application to the committee of the S. A. J.C. to obtain the use of the Morphett ville Coarse for their annual race and sports meeting in the month of April, a week before the S. A. J.C. Autumn meeting. In considera tion, however, of the openings that have to be made in the fenoing and tbe cutting up of the racing track just prior to the holding of the principal meeting of the year, the S.A.J.C. committee in studying their own interests first have had to decline the offer of the Polo Ciub, leaving them to arrange for a later date, as the S. A. J.C. races are concluded on Satur day, May 5, after which the oourse would be available to the poloLsfca. We have received from Messrs. Barker and Chambers a catalogue of the Fulham Park and Turretfield thoroughbreds, which will be offered for sale at the John Bull yards on Thursday, March 29. The Fulham Park lot comprises 12 yearlings, one 2- year-old, and. one 3-year-old ; the Turretfield representatives include ten yearlings, two 2-year-olds, eight brood mares, and a roadster colt. Mr. El worthy has arranged for a sale of Morphett ville yearlings to take place at the same bazaar on Friday, May 4. Settling over the V.B.C. Autumn meeting took place at Tattersali's club-rooms on and passed off without complaint. Specula tion commenced on the leading handicaps of the local autumn campaign, bat very little business was transacted. The following are the prices on offer: — HawkeBbury Autumn Handicap — 8 to 1 each v. Magnus and Iiady Trenton, 10 to 1 each v. Utter, Florrie, and His Reverence, 12 to 1 v. Queensborough, 15 to 25 to 1 v. others. A. J.O. Doncaster Handicap — 100 to 8 each v. Stanmore and Brockleigh, 100 to 4 each v. Steadfast and Loyalty. Sydney Cup— 10 to 1 on the field. ' Reginald' is of the opinion that there waa a champion unearthed at Gundagai recently in the Bhape of an aged bay gelding named Led Astray, said to be by Blaegown from a Snowden mare. On tbe first day of the meet ing he went to the front at tbe fall of the flag in tne stewards Handicap, one mile, ana never giving his opponents the ghost of a chance, winning by any number of lengths in the capital time of 1 min. 43£ sec. Then, on the second day. in the Town Plate, one and a quarter miles, he pursued the same tactios as on the first day, with the result that he beat both Gerald dine and Babette like backs, and got to the end of the journey, without being extended in any part of it, in 2 min. 10J sec. Led Astray is a tremendous length gelding, and altogether, is nicely put together. He has been racing now for a number of years, and only recently started in and won a back race at Jugiong. He was, I believe, on offer not long since for a tenner, but nobody seemed anxious to become possessed of him even at that small sum. His legs are as sound as a bell, and he looks one of those hardy little customers that will keep training on and never be sick or sorry a day. Our Narraooorte correspondent writes: — Good nominations have been received for the principal events on the programme for the Autumn meeting of the Narraooorte 'Racing Club, which takes place on the 29th inst Fiffy-five horses have been nominated for the chief events, bo that some interesting racing is anticipated. Thenew grand stand which has been recently completed will be used for the tirst time. Amongst other horses who were working at Morpbettville on Wednesday Quality did a fast and satisfactory gallop, and if she starts for tbe Onkaparinga Cup should be hard to beat. After the last race of the day on the Old Coarse on Saturday the committee of the Port Adelaide club met in the stewards' room with a few guests, and a convivial ceremony took place, Mr. W. H. Frewin presiding. He asked the company, including the Hon. B. S. Gnthrie and Mr. W. O. Archibald. M.P., who were present, to drink success to the Adelaide Racing Club. He said owing to the abolition f\f fokfctiiner ftia *Pm-fi nlnVi vjwa lafli in & stranded condition until the A.R.C. came to their rescue, and by their aid two satisfactory : . meetings had been held on the Old Course. ..-; He hoped the time was not far distant when the Port club would have tbe use of the totalizator and be able to race at Port Ade laide again. He said the Port was a feeder to the larger clubs, and deserved to be treated with consideration, a% a number of represen tative sporting men were connected wish it, and a large constituency was interested in its ? welfare. He did not think it fair that penal ties should have been incurred for Onkaparinga by winning either of their events that day, as they had purposely framed their programme . to avoid the winners incurring pannHiynff. The toast was drank with cheers, and Mr. T. Barnfield, in responding on behalf of the A.R.O.. endorsed the good feeling that pre vailed between the two clubs, and Mr. John Pile also spoke as a representative of the A.R.C. Mr. W. H. W. Cooper proposed would grant the Port clnb the use of the ma chine. The Hon. R. a. Gnthrie replied on be half of the Upper Chamber, and Baid he bad not been on a racecourse for many years until that day, and he bad nleasure in saying that he had seen nothing that the most fastidious could object to. Tbe afternoon's proceedings were a credit to all concerned. He would do all that be could to get the totalizator for the Port club, and was sore that there was no in clination amongst his colleagues to disooarage legitimate sport. Mr. AmhihwW immnwl toe - company that the labor members in the As sembly were not averse to sport. A fine old English sportsman, Mr. Tatteraall, hadnid there were three things that were dear to a Britisher's heart, 'a pretty ^nxnan, a ship in full sail, and a racehorse,' and for these tbetr affection would never dieoot. WhetherEngliab. Scotch, or Irish, they all had the aamedeBre to foster their national games aad pmnuta, and eo f ar as racing was oonoemed fie would like tbe Legislature to interfere as little aa pos sible with it, and leave it to the leading dubs to regulate the affairs of the surf. The 'health of the secretaries (Messrs. Young, Whitington, Heseltine, and Ton Donssa) having been pro posed by Mr. Minihanand duly responded to, the toasts of tbe handicapper, the preaB, sod tbe chairman concluded the proceedings, Mr, Hughes in the oourse of hiaitemaflqBJBMne that on big recent visit to Mdbonlne^ie 3tt3 found there was a very atrogneeUnc inftrat of tbe totalizator, and iM^eQeyM^B'^nmo was not far distant wberi-ttelMNoteiHjnJdtet in use in she sinter oalaoy. ? In the Steeplechase on the Old Course on Saturday Deveney scored a win with Elastic, \- the gelding by Wandearah from a Premier ;mare, which Mr. T. McFio brought down from 'Broken Hill, and who now gives promise of ? developing into a very handy jumper. He , was well eteered by Deveney, aud landed » * winner cleverly from Sawfish and Wilpena. ' Seed had a disappointing ride on the favorite Blister, ae he got into trouble with him on the , hill, and they fell together at the last fence, the rider being fortunately unhurt beyond a shaking. Jjavemess was the first to come to grief with Tom Kain, then Mr. A- Lee fol lowed suit with Coquette, and J. Wilton lost hja chance with Cumbea when he was leading and palling bard at the last fence. Fortu nately none ot the riders or horses were in jured beyond a few bruises. In the Hurdle Race W. Lee got what looked like an ugly fall with Floodbird at the hurdles near the stand. His forehead was cut open, and Dr. Toll offered to eew up the wound, but Lee treated the matter lightly and thought a bandage would be sufficient. At the Caulfield races on Saturday Hopkins, who has 10 at. G 1b. in the Onkaparinga Steeple, ran second with 10 at. 12 1b. to Tayfortb, 11 at. 5 lb., Chemist being third with 9 st 7 lb. The Federal Stakes at Caulneld on Saturday was won by Mr. J. H. Davies'a b c Glen hontly, by Trenton — Princess Alice, who just beat Forward by a neck and Preston ran into the third place. Cateran was a starter in the eameraoe. The list of winning eires at the lateV.R.C. Autumn meeting is headed by Neekercgat, whose stock won five races. They were Port eea, Destiny, Cateran, and Question. logo mar was credited with a couple of wins, ecored by Hova, while Ebor placed the eame number of races to the credit of Robert the Devi], and Titan did likewise for Chester. The sires whose progeny secured Bingle vic tories are NordenfeldB (Cooya in the Bruns wick Stakes), Robinson Crusoe (Foxtail in the Free Handicap), Grand Flaneur (Patron in the Sfc. Iieger),Gang Forward (Forward in the Sires' Produce Stakes), Pell Mell (Tellus in the Autumn Handicap), Newminster (Lord Ran dolph in the Maiden Stakes), St. Leger (Brad ford, in the Nursery Handicap), Goldsbrough (Goldsmith in the Junior Handicap), First King (Repudiation in the Gelding Handicap), Iiothair (Beau Brummel in the Steeplechase), Splendor (Jeweller in the Loch Plate) ; other aires whose representatives secured plaoee are Mentor, Trenton, St. Albans, St George, Grandmaster, Marlowe, Trident, Albany Welleeley, Carlyon, Newbold, Townley, Martini- Henry, Marvellous, Segenhoe, Frying pan, M»*na, Royal Oak, Bras-de-fer, and Gienmarlde. The most successful jockey at the V.R.C. Autumn meeting was James Gough, who rode four winners — Cooya in the Brunswick Stakes, Bradford in the Nursery Handicap, Re pudiation in the Gelding Handicap, and Jeweller in the Loch -Plate ; and three seconds . — Carnage in the St. Leger, Jeweller in the , Essendon Stakes, and Cooya in the Place Handicap. Dawes follows with three suc cesses — Patron in the St. Leger, and Portsea in the Champion Stakes and Easendon Stakes ; ' and two seconds — Portsea in the Australian Cup, and Patron eecond in the Loch Plate. T. Hales comes next with three ?' victories — Hova in the Newmarket Handicap ? and Bourke Handicap, and Broken Hill in ' the Plaoe Handicap, one second — Carlton in the ?' 'Uorsery Handicap : and one third, Hova in 'the Ail-aged Stakes. C. Parker rode two r winners — Titan in the All-aged Stakes and . Farewell Handicap ; finished eecond twice — on Dryden in the Sires' Produce Stakes, and Megaphone in the Antumn Handicap, and * was thrice in third place — on Gaillardia in the ' Newmarket Handicap, Dryden in the Ascot Vale Stakes, and Mento in the Hopeful Stakes. J. E. Brewer scored two wins on Ebor in the Hurdle Races. The riders who scored a single victory each are — £!. Power (Question in the Hopetnl Stakes), C. Etteridge (Forward in the Sires' Produce Stakes), Maybin (Tellus in the Autumn Handicap), Walker (Destiny in the Ascot Vale Stakes), Buxton (Broken Hill in the Australian Cup), Thompson (Goldsmith in the Junior Handicap), Steven eon (Foxtail in the Free Handicap), Brcwn (Cateran in theTTnnlaeed Two-vear-old Stakes). Williams (Beau Brummel in the:Steeplechasej, and the late P. McGowan (Lord Randolph in the Maiden Stakes), while the riders wno only euooeeded in getting into second or third places are T. Saunders, M. Harris, H. Jones, 3\. Huxley, Morgan, Morrison, Carey, Wise, C\ Moore. P. Harris, Lloyd, Edge, Campbell, Shaw, Winterbottom, Shrimpton, Bourke, Davis, and Griffiths. Speaking of the mile racn won by Stromboli at San Francisco on January 13, the San Francisco Breeder and Sportsman says : — ' Stromboli clinched his claims to the Coast championship this afternoon by winning easily at a mile from such good ones as Nomad, Glee Boy, Sir Reel, and Pescador. The big brown Australian horse got away a conple of lengths behind the bunch, loafed in the rear until nearing the home etretch, where Morris let go hie wrap. The style in which Stromboli went by Pescador (who had been leading by quite a margin), Sir Reel, and the others will not be forgotten Boon by those who saw it. From fifth and last place at the turn into the straight he was first in the next sixteenth of a mile, and coming like a shot with those long, sweeping, deceptive strides, the brother to -Volcano won exceedingly easy by two lengths from Sir Reel in the cracking good time of 1 min. 41J sec. Stromboli was timed separately in 1 min. 41 sec flat, and had he been forced to do so could assuredly have made the circuit of Bay District course to-day in 1 min. 40£ sec. or better. He is the best horse we have seen here in many a day, for weight will not stop and no route is too long for him.' When the mail left Strom boli was to be taken to New York to race. The question of what is the beet twoyear old of the season is under discussion, and the Age of Monday remarks : — Forward, with . Hales in the saddle, was a strong favorite for the V.A.T.C. Federal Stakes at Caulfield on Saturday, and when Brewer's splendid colt strode out into the straight he certainly looked worthy the confidence reposed in him. The handsome brother to Hortiense continues to im prove in appearance, and, all going well, he will beoneoftnegrandestthree-year-oldseverseenin Australia, as he certainly is at the present time one of the handsomest two-year-olds. On Saturday, however, he was giving away lumps of weight to all his opponents, and failed to oonoede 39 lb. to Glenhnntly, who bean him by \- a neck, Preston finishing third. Glenhuntty, ' who was well backed and started second favorite, is by Trenton from Princess Alice, and was bred by Mr. W. R. Wilson, at whose sale last year he was purchased as a yearling by Mr. G. C. Coulson, the owner of Fortu natus. In the ekilful hands of Mr. J. H. Davis Glenhuntly has come on well, and after running moderately when not thoroughly fit, he came out in good trim on Saturday and won the first and principal race of the day like a racehorse. . The win of Foxtail in the St. Kilda Cup on Saturday is described by the Melbourne press as a very clever victory, showing that his success in the Free Handicap at Flemington was not the fluke that many people supposed. He was steered to victory by little Stevenson, who has been taught riding by Foulgham, am displays both judgment and ekilL Foxtail comes from two galloping families, being by Robinson Crusoe from TTmiita (sister to Correze), and like the first winner of the day — Glenhuntly— he was bred by Mr. W. R. Wilson st St. Albans. The training hand of Mr. P. T. Haywood, which prepared Calmawhen he won the Caulfield Cup and many other good winners, has evidently not forgotten its cunning, and that he has got Foxtail into capital fettle has been clearly shown by the horse's recent performances. Foxtail will be worth watching if he comee to Adelaide for his Cup engage ment. ' The Autumn meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, whioh commences at Randwiok on Saturday next, March 24, bids fair to be one of tile most interesting and successful gather ings ever held at Randwick, and the inter ? colonial character of the racing will certainly ' be one of its most important features. At the ? late V.R.C. meeting it will be remembered that only one Sydney horse (Jeweller) won a race, : and it is likely that in the weigh t-for-age ;? races, at any rate at Randwick, the Victorian noises win again ne nara no oeat, tne colony being represented by such good ones as Car nage, Patron, Portsea, Light Artillery, The Admiral, The Sailor Prince, and The Possible. Unfortunately Patron and Light Artillery are not engaged in the A.J.C. St. Leeer, in which, however, Carnage, The Sailor Prince, and The Possible should be capable of worthily representing Victoria. Plausible, who ran third for the Melbourne Cup in 1884, behind Malua and Commotion, won the Selling Race at Yarrawonga on Thursday, and was sold afterwards for £12. The_ Hawkesbury Handicap, run on the Roeehill course on Saturday, proved a good thing for Solon, who is a full brother to Sinecure, by Martini-Henry from The Solent (imp.), by Favonius from Lady Newby, Ijy., Thormanby. Solon was bred at Kirkham/ and sold as a yearling for 180 guineas. He is not in the Donaaster Handicap or Sydney Cup, but Trenchant, who ran second to him, is engaged in both events. The committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf dub met on Saturday, and decided to hold a special race meeting as a compliment to Lord Hopetoun before he leaves the colony. The Ganl&eld; heath was the first racecourse that his Excellency visited after his arrival in Melbourne and as Lord Hopetoun is an en thusiast in racing, as in all legitimate sport, his 'send off' at Caulfield will probably be cherished amongst the most pleasant of his recollections of Victoria. The proposed meet ing will probably be one of the early spring fixtures. _Oadton, who is engaged in the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes, has gone amiss since be ?rrived ** Band wick. CarlEmbe hae been added to the list by Mr. ? A cprrespondent writes : — 'Now . that the ttoing~voarnind has set in I would respectfully ?qggwf *- lbs data oonoemed that ?much- needed improvement is desired in the matter of paying out dividends. The present process is painfully slow, and no bank tellers, railway or other clerks who hare the handling -of money would keep their billets long if their proceedings were so very methodical as the dividend-payers at all our courses ; there is very little time between the collection of divi dends and the next race, and it would be an advantage to all concerned for practical people to administer this department. I make no doubt the clubs could arrange with the banks for tellers to perform this work, and I am certain the innovation would be hailed with delight. Again, the change windows should be always open, not compelling people to wait about to obtain the requisite change for their investments.' An unfortunate accident occurred at the DawEon race meeting on Saturday. Eley, a youth, who was riding Mr. M. J. Howard's Exile in the Hack Race collided with a post and was thrown on his head, sustaining tsevere injuries. He waa removed to the James town Hospital, where he now lies. By a singular coincidence a very similar accident occurred at a race meeting at paw-son about a year ago, but then a fatal termination followed. Although the Adelaide Racing Club put up a record in the number of entries they received last week, yet there were some persons who sent in nominations too late to be received, amongst others being the owner of the juinp icg horse Expectation. Erl King, by The Duke — Splendor, carried 11 st. S lb. and won the Ladies' Bracelet at Ararat last week. lie won in a canter in 54 sec. for the half- mile. Erl King is engaged in the Hills Railway Stakes and handicapped at 7 6t. 4 lb. Cressy, who ran a dead heat with Straiphtfire at theiasc V.R.C. Spring meeting, carried oS the Ararat 'Cup. There wera four starters, and odds of 2 to 1 were laid on the mare. At the Penola races last week British Maid proved herself immeasurably superior to tnose opposed to liar, as the won her two races with consummate ease, and must be hard to beat (says the Border Watch) in the Onkaparinga Cup. The same authority says :— Old Cuttle fish won both hurdle races through sheer gameness. In the second race especially he appeared clean out of it half a mile from home, but he kept pegging away, and only beat Gillie Cruabh in the last stride. Tantalus must have won, and that easily, had he not galloped through instead of jumping the last hurdle. As it was I fancy Gillie Cruabh would have won had Beauchacjp ridden him with more determination. Cuttlefish was therefore lucky to win. The nice wager of 500 to .Si was taken about Cuttlefish and Coral for the Onka paringa double, Hurdles and Steeplechase, by a friend of the stable. Both horees are very welL Mr. Elworthy. who returned from Mel bourne by the Innamincka last week, bad rather a bad time of it over there eo far as his health was concerned, but ia on tbe improve now. So far as refers to the performances of the Morphettvillo stock he was amply satis fied, but uoD so with the results of the sales, a number of the yearlings being, he considers, next to given away. Tbe fact of topping the list with one or two animals who are admittedly the best at the sales is no satisfac tion for seeing others sacrificed, and it is quite on the cards that next season will witness quite a different arrangement with regard to tbe yearling sales. The racehorses Ebor, Orpheus, and Selim have been allotted quarters at the Parkside Hotel. Quicksilver and Rudolph have gone to Weatherall's stables at Rose Park. Beau Brummel and others are stopping at Ba.1 hannah, to which place Lady Rose has also been sent. Several racehorses in training were sub mitted to auction by Messrs. Barker and Chambers on Tuesday afternoon, but not one of them changed hands. Mr. rL Howie has sustained a bad loss in the death of his steeplechaser ESphiustone, who died on Thursday from tbe effects of bis fall in the Steeplechase at Epsom. In tbe Members' Steeplechase at Oakbank Mr. Ralli will ride Macbeth. Mr. A. J. Lee will have the mount on Repetition. Torpedo has lelt G. Dalley's stable. The protest raised against Trout at the Petersburg races by Mr. Seth Ferry waa ou account of the horse's age, Mr. Ferry being of opinion that the horse is not a three-year-old, as entered. Gipsy Queen, Floodbird, and several other horses have taken their departure for Onka paringa. iiarcer nas gone into tne JjOckJeys statue. The owner of St. George has had a slice of bad luck in his horse going lame at tbe last moment. In a gallop on the Old Course on Wednesday he struck his coronet so badly as to knock him out of hia Onkaparinga Cup chance, for which a . supporter would have backed him to win £50u on the previous night. This is a pity for all concerned, as St. George is a good horee when well, and his presence in the race would have given added interest to the proceedings. He is to be sent down to the Bay to try the salt water cure up to Monday. The pen has not yet been put through his name, but bis owner considers he will be fortunate if he gets him to the post. Coursing men will regret to hear that Mr. A. Robertson's celebrated greyhound Rho danthe died on the 28th of February at Struan. The daughter of Rebellion and Westera was bred by the Hon. W. B. Rounsevell, and won two V.C.C. Waterloo Cup3 when owned by Mr. Wagner, and also a number of other important events. Rhodanthe was 14 years old when she died, and during her brilliant coursing career she probably won more money in stakes than any dog in Australia. 