HEWS OF THE HAY. —Age. The Newbury-Spada concert to-night in the Alfred Hall. Conference in the City Hall to night to discuss the Gothenburg licensing system. Handicaps for the Lai Lai races will be declared to-day. Heavy rain yesterday, bat the atmosphere is still muggy. A strike amongst the colliers at New castle (N.S.W.) is now almost certain. Water has risen.in price at Coolgardie, and is now selling there at 51 per gallon. Mr Irvine has formally declared that he will no longer support the Government land tax. Thera are now 36 of the new ice trucks in nse in Victoria for conveying dairy produce in summer, < The Post and Telegraph Offics is likely to suffer heavily in the proposals for retrench ment. The Treasurer of South’ Australia has given notice of bis intention to brine in a bill providing for borrowing £1,100,000. The Wakatipa Hospital hao been des troyed by fire. The iomatas were all safely removed. ... Lord Sandhurst, the Under Secretary for the ' War Department, is to succeed Lord Harris as Governor of Bombay. The flying fni has been declared a noxious animal fn New South Wales, and the Government ’ is granting a bonus for its destruction. The Sydney Arbitration Board has been practically wiped out of existence; by re ducing the vote—£lo33—by £lOOO. The details of the land and income taxes are to bo worked out by officials of ex perience in this matter from New Zealand and South Australia. The first extensive land sale by aaction which has been held since the collapse of the land boom is annehneed to take place, in Melbourne, at an early date. The journey to Japan can be accomplished in 16 days, and the Minister of Agriculture thinks we should be able to open up a good trade in live cattle. A bill protecting wages to the amount of £l2 from attachment for debt has passed its third rending in the South Australian Legis lative Assembly. An intercolonial swimming match is talked of between Graham, of Victoria, and Reed man, of South Australia, It will probably come off at Coogee, near Sydney, Mr Alexander Moodie, an old resident of Oaraperdown, committed suicide on Tuesday by throwing himself down a well. Grief over the death of a son was the oaase. A married woman named Jessie Toy drowned herself in a dam at Kangaroo Flat, near Bendigo, while suffering from drink. She was 50 years of age, and had three sous. Owing to the excessively hot weather daring the past eight or 10 days, harvesting has begun around Donald in real earnest, and stripping is now in active progress. Mr Ernest Husking, the Sydney conjurer, should be an invaluable partner in these dull times. He finds no difficulty iu making “ the ghost walk ’’ under very adverse con ditions. ' A miner named Stanbury, working in the Pearl mine, Bendigo, was severely hurt on the back and scalp by a fall of ground on Wednesday. The tariff committee of the French Cham ber of Deputies bss recommended the adop ; tion of a sliding scale of import duties on cereals, wines, and cattle. Mr Marks, the Japanese Consul- in Mel bourne, ■ intends visiting Japan in March, and lias promised to do all be can to pro mote the nse of Australian products amongst the Japanese. The retrenchment party in New South Wales succeeded on Wednesday in reducing the estimates for the Lands Department by £37*15. The saving effected was principally in officers’ expenses. On Tuesday last the new ico trucks intro duced this summer on the railways were used in truffle for the first time, and the re ports so far received by the railway authorities show that the system has given general satisfaction. The South Australian Treasurer has just completed an arrangement with the banks by which, according to tho ruling rate, interest ranging from 2 to 3 per cent, shall be paid on Government deposits. The quotations for Victorian 3A per cent, debentnres on ’Change on Tuesday ranged from £93 10s to £94—a fall of from £1 10s to £1 since the Bth inst, A partial re covery took place on Wednesday in tho price of Victorian Government debentures, which rose 10s. .A Two-million Club was formed some months ago to boom tiia population of Chicago. Last month its labors were finished, end on the 14th November a ban quet was held to celebrate the fact that the population of Porkopulis was estimated at 2,236.000. Railway excursions for the Christmas and New Year holidays will begin on the 20lh instant, and from that date to 3rd January paaeengera will be booked to and from all stations in the colony at holiday fares. The tickets will be available for a month’s return. In consequence of the threatening demon strations recently made by the Irish American Fenians, and the despatch of a reorganising envoy from the United Statea to England, the police employed to protect the Queen’s household' have been reinforced, as a precaution against possible outrage. Five hundred applications for an average of £3OO each have been made under the Advances to settlers Act (N.Z ). It is ex pected that the whole £1,000,000 authorised t*>'bo advanced will be lent in the first six months. Hon. members must have their own opinions of tlietuotioa of leaders who stop great measures of S>ate policy midway in their course, at a time when' every minute is of value, to ease a lumbering, blundering, semi-insolvent corporation like the Harbor Trust of the financial troubles into which its own incompetence baa plnnged it. 