CHAPTER VIII. BETTER ACQUAINTANCE. . Thu boat was gone again, and already half way to the Purallonb, before'Herrick turned and went unwillingly up the pier. Prom the orowu of thu beach the figurehead confronted him with what seemed irony, her helmeted head tusnod buck, her formidable arm apparently hurling something, whether shull or "miBsile, iu the direction of the anchored schooner. She seemed, a defiant deity from the island, coming forth to its threshold with a rush as of one about to fly, and perpetuated in that dashing attitude. Her rick looked up at her, whore she towered above him head and shouldurs, with singular feelings of curiosity and romance, .'and suffered his mind to travel to and fro in her life history. . So long she had been the blind conductresB of a ship among the waves ; so long she bad . stood here idle iu the violent sun that yet did hob avail to blister her; and was even this the end of so many adventures? he wondered, or was more behind ? And lie could have found it in his heart to regret that she was not a goddess, nor yet ho a pagan, that he might have bowed down befoi'o.her in that hour, of. difficulty. When ho how'went forward it was cool with the shadow of many well-grown palms, draughts of the dying breoze swung them together over head, and on all sides,, with a swiftness beyond dragon flies or swallows, the spots of sunshine flitted and hovered and rolurned. Under foot the sand was fairly. solid and quite level, and Herrick's; steps fell . there noiseless as in new fallen Bnow. It bore the marks of having been once weeded like a garden alley at home, but the pestileuce had dona its work, the weeds wero returning. The build in gs.'of, the settle ment showed here and there through the stems of the colonnade, fresh painted, trim,' and dandy, and all silent as the grave. Only here and there in the crypt there was a rustle and .scurry, and some crowing of poultry, and from behind tho house with the verandahs he lie'saw smoke arise and heard the crackling of a fire.. , .' . ' The stone hotiBes were nearest him upon his right. The first was locked ; in the second he could dimly perceivo through a window a cer tain accumulation of pearl shells piled iii the far end ; the third, which stood' gapt tig open on the afternoon, seized on the .mind of Herrick with its multopliaity and disorder'of romantic things. Therein were cables, windlasses, and blnoks of every size and,, capacity j cabin' -windows and ?ladders; rusty tanks; a companion hatoli ; a binnacle with its brass mountings arid its com puss idly pointing in the confusion and dusk'of that shed to a forgqtten pole; ropes, anchors, harpoons, a blubber dippor of copper, green with years'; a Bteering wheel, a tool cliest with the vessel's, name upon the top, the Asia ; a whole curiosity, shop of a sea.curioB, gross and solid,- heavy.to lift,:ill to break, bound with brass and shod with. iron. Two wroaks at least must have contributed to this random heap of lumber ; and as Herrick looked ..upon it, it seemed to him as'if the- two'ship's ? companies were on guard, and he heard the tread of feet and whisperings, and saw with tho tail of bis eye the commonplace ghosts of Bailormen. This was not merely the work of an . aroused imagination, but.liad'something sensible to go upon ; sounds of a stealthy approach were no doubt audible _;and>while,?ne still-stood starini! at the lumber the voice of hiB host sounded' suddenly, and with even more than the custom ary softness of enunciation, from behind. ' Junk,' it said, only old junk I And does Mr. Hay find a parable V ;? 1 I find at least a strong impression,' replied Herrick, tiirning quickly leet he might bo able to catch on the face of thie speaker some coin mentary on the words!"' 'Attwator stood in' the. doorway, which he almost wholly filled, his hands stretched above his head and grasping the aroliitrove. He smiled when their eyes met, but the expression was inscrutable. . ' Yo?, a powerful impression. You are like me; nothing W affecting ris ships?' said he. * Tho ruins of an empire would leavo me,frigid, when a bit of an old rail that an old shellback leaned on in the middle watch would bring roe up all standing. But come, let's see some more of tho. island. It's all snnd and coral and palm trees;. but there's a kind of quaintness in the place.' ' I find it heavenly,' said Herrick, breathing deep, with bared head in the shadow. , 'Ah, that's because you're new from tho sea,' said Attwater. . ' I dare say, too, you can appre ciate wbat one calls it. .-. It's a lovely name. It has flavor, Jt lias a.oolor, it has a ring and fall' to it j its like its ^author- it's half Christian. R>> m o n i b o r> your first', view of tho-island j and how its only woods and water, andsuppoBe you . had auk'eil somebody .for tlie_name and he had auawered, ' Nemoroaa ' Zacynthos.' 'Jam, medio uppurel fluctaV exclaimed Herrick. ' YO gods, yea, liow good Y * If it ROTS upon the chart THE skippers will make nice work of it,' said Attwater. ' But, here, come and see the diving shed." Ho opened a door, and Herrick SHW a large display of APPARATUS neatly ordered ; pumps and pipes, andtho leiiile'l boots, and the huge Bnoiited Helmets shining in rows along the wall ; 10'complete outfits 'The whole eastern half of my lagoon..is shallow, you must understand,' SAID Attwater ; 'SO we are able to NET in the diess to great advantit!{O. It paid beyond belief, ani was a queer sight when they were at it, and these marine monsters,' tapping the nearest of the helmets, ' kept appearing and reappearing in the midst of the lagoou. Fond of parables?' he asked abruptly. . 'O, yes !' said Herrick. V:\Yell,.l saw these machines come up dripping and go down, and come up drippini; and go down again, and all the while the fellow inside as dry as toast I' said Attwater, ' and 1 thought we all wanted A dress to go into the world in, aud coine up scatheless. What do you think the name was V he inquired. '? Self-conceit,' said Herrick. ''iff, ' Ah,but 1 mean seriously 1' said Attwater. Call it self-rospoct thou !' corrected Herrick, with a laugh. ' . * And why not grace 1 Why not God's erace. Hay ?' asked Attwater. ' Why not the (jraue'of your Maker and Redeemer. ' He who died -'for you. Ho who. upholds you. I -He whom you daily crucify afresh ? There is nothing here,' striking on his bosom, ' nothing there,' qmitiiig the wall, 'and nothiug there,* jstamping, ' nothing but God's ({race ! We walk upon, we breathe it; we Jive and die by it ; it-makes the nails and axles of the universe, and a puppy in pyjamas prefers sulf conceit!' The huge dark man stood over against Herrick by the line of the divers' helmets, and seemed to swell and glow, and the next moment the life had gone, from him. ' I BOG your pardon,' naid lie. ' I see you don't believe in God ?' . .' Not in your sense, I fear,' said Herrick. ' I never argue with young atheists or habitual drunkards,' said Attwater. 'Let us go across tho island to the outer beach.' I. . [TO ]1I5 CONTINUED.] , 