ECHUCA, Eaglehawk, A Conjuror Holds a Private Seance and other items will be found on our first page this morning. FOURTH PAGE.—The following additional reading matter will bo found on our fourth pago this morningMining Nows and Kotos, Eoglehawk, Railway Extension to Mildura and City Police.Court. To-day's Events.— Land Board, II a.m; exhibition Misses Crooths’ paintings, Masonic Hall, 3 p.m; mayoral reception, Town Hall, 3 p.m; swimming exhibition by Nevoo Von Tossau, baths, 3.30 p.m; tea meeting Wes leyan, Long Gully; tea meeting Bible Chris** lian, McKenzie street; lecture, German Lutheran schoolroom; Pantomime, “Goody Two Shoes," theatre. B Parliament,— In the Assembly last even ing, after amendments by Messrs Longmore, Gray, Beazley, and O'Neill, in fayor of a graduated tux on unimproved land values woro defeated, an amendment by Mr O’Neill was carried by 67 to 25, exempting unim proved values up to £500 from taxation, Tho Premier then announced that as this would reduce the expected revenue by £160,000, the proposed income lax would bavo to bo correspond!ogly reduced. Ho moved tho adjournment of tho debate in order to con sider tho matter, and this course was agreed to. Dismissal op Sergeant Swanson. — Next Wednesday in the Assembly Mr Storry is to ash the Premier for the Hon. tho Minister of Defence: 1. Under what circumstances Ser geant Major Swanson, drill in8truotor,Bondigo, is being dismissed from tho service. 2. Is it a fact that no explanation for such dismissal has been accorded him, and if so what is the cause of such dismissal. 3, Is it Hie intention of tho department to appoint another drill instructor in bis stead. Tdb Mayoral Reception. —This social event will take place at the Town Hall this afternoon between the hours of three and six o’oloolr, Tbo largo hall has boon tastefully fitted up for tbo reception of citizens, and a pleasant time can bo anticipated. During the rcoeption tbo ox-mayoral address will be presented to Cp. Abbott. 'Citizens are only ox peeled bo appear in ordinary afternoon dross, A Tragedy at Eohuoa.— • gchuca supplies tho latest sensation in tbo way of tragedies. During the day a young woman named against a billiard marker named Coward for assault. Evidence was given at groat length, and in bis defence Coward made some very damaging statements concerning his prior relations with tho girl. He was fined in a small sum for the assault. Shortly after leaving the court tho girl pur chased some poison, went to the house at which she was staying, and drank it. Death; followed in half an hour. Particulars are| given in our Echuca columns. ‘ St Vincent Db Paul’s Society.— The; monthly meeting took placo at tho bishop’s; palace yesterday. Tho president (Mrs; Edwards), in the chair. There woro 120: pour people relieved during tho month, and: 10 fresh oases were brought before the com-’ raittco and dealt 'with according to (heir! wants, A committee of ladies was appointed, to visit tho hospital daring tbo month.- Subscriptions to ti\o of £11 Is 6d. wore banded in, and accounts for £16 I8s lOd woro passed for payment. WRh a vote of thanks to the president tho pmetupg closed. * “A Friend in Need,"— A youth, 16 years of ago, named Horace Smitb.yestorday pleaded guilty to stealing a pair of boots, tbo property of Henry Wood. The bench {Mr Anderson, and Mr Wobb, Js.P.) were naturally reluctant to send so young a lad to gaol to mix with criminals, and in all probability become a hardened criminal himself. They suggested that tbo boy’s step-motbor, as his father, Mr Smith, tbo fishmonger, is at present at Cool-: gardie, L|o aepc for. However, Mrs Smith re-; fused to haye anything to do with tbo boy.; Upon bearing tnis, Mr Alfred Reed, a; fishmonger in View whose employ- Ihe lad has recently peon,' volunteered, father i than see the boy sent to gaol', to j;o 'security for bis good behaviour. The lad was (.hen;; sentenced to 7 days’ imprisonment, ‘the son-J; tenoo to bo suspended on Mr Seed entering: into a security of £20 for bis good behaviour; for 12 months. Tho bench commended Mr! Reed for his kindness in entering into the' bond. The boy, they stated, was no relation! of his, and it was therefore very good of him to do so. After tboiad was given some sound advico by tbo bonob, be was allowed to. depart^ Benevolent Asylum and Lying-in Hos-; pital.— The committee mob yesterday after- 1 noon. Present— (Mr J._ il. Goodisson) in the chair, J)r Boyd,' Messrs A, Harkness, J,. D. Crofts,” W. Davis, Major Eirby and the bon secretary (Mr H , Birch). 49 applicants wore awarded aid by; orders on .stores, 24 in kind from the institu tion. Aid In I ft&ao; was discontinued, and 2. oases for admission .deferred. Reports were: received from visiting cpmpiittoo (Mosers 1 Harkness and Cl Bridge), medico;! officer (Dr; J. D. Boyd), and superintendent, (S£r J. 8,1 Mcllroy). 296 distributions woro made out-;! door during tbo week to families, '’consisting!; of 346 adults and 181 children, and there are in tho institution 177 males, 36 fomalos, 3 : lying-in patients and 2 infants; total, 218. The superintendent reports tho .death of Dinah Mitchell, aged 77, native of Preston, England, 'on 3rd inst., from bronchitis. Admitted June#, 1$93; arrived in the colony per Atlanta. Bendigo Hospital. — Tbc yisjting com-' mittoo, Dr. Hugh Boyd, Brokers, % H. Henderson and if. M. Marks attended ycgtor-i; day afternoon, and passed 1$ cases lor oub-jj door treatment. The resident surgeon, Dr. M, Peebles,, reported that during the past,'! week 32 patients bad been discharged, ourodj, two bad died, and 120 remained under treat ment. • The wards, kitchen, dispensary and out-buildings were inspected, and tho patients; interviewed- It was decided (bat Monday,! 24th December, and Monday, 31st December,’ should* ho 'out-patients days (at tbo usual: hour) for attending.before the visiting com-j milfcee, instead of Christmas Day and Now! Year's Day. Transferring a Prisoner. — George: Henry, the ex-revenue detective, who recently sentenced Co a month's imprison.- ' {bent at Hoathooto for passing valueless cheques, is to bo conveyed to Ballarat by Constable Black ‘this morning. Bo has to finish a sentence .in tbo ‘gaol there lor a similar offence; Ministers’ —The "monthly', meeting of ’tbo association held ydslo'rdsy dt tbo rcsiddncAof the Rov ,W. C; Taylor,-; White Hills.' There were present; The Rev.‘ Messrs Taylor (in the chair), Scott, N- Jones, Moore, Tregear- ThoropBonr Osborno, • Cole,, Nairn, Provan,'Rdfe,and .I.' Poltor.Tho Rev Mr Moore was Welcomed asa now. member, and the Rbv J. Nairn as avlsitor. .The' Rov. Mr; Rofo contiiiuedhis discussion, !)!) religious instruction In Stain schools. Messrs Taylor nud Rofo wore instructed to make inquiries and uoe how many ministers of district would bo willing to Impart religious Instruc tion after school hours, and also to solicit the assistance of laymoo nud ladies. Members were rocommoodod to pay periodioal visits to tho Bendigo Homo. It was decided to write to Major Wossborg, who is now in Melbourne, acknowledging his conneotioo with the a890« elation, and also to invite his successor 10 Catholic Synod. —The whole of tho Roman Catholic clergy x>f the Arobdioooso of Molboarno, with few oxfcoptiono (nod those only in oases In which, nttendanoo was. utterly impossible), assembled in St Pat rick’s Cathedral yosterdby morning. Bo lero the opening of tho Synod “Tho Mass Holy Ghost" was celebrated by tho Very Rov. Cflroy t .-hf .Elstornwiok. The Sts in attendance oA&upled; fieato ■outsWj. il. uMicluarv rails, and 1 there was a largo lionRroiation of the laity. At tho conclusion- I of tho mass tho doors wore closed, and busi "““o 5 "? p r» a DEr 0 ? D i- p Aris;. mooting last evening the election of officers, after aB&s; of «««»»* as ftjlowa: -Captain, J. Minton lieutenant, J.Howloy } foreman, It Ityioo: apparatus officer, U. Webster; secretary, X Brown ; bon treasurer and surgeon, Dr Blnoholiff; oomnallteo, W. Palmer, VV* Consldino, J.Wobslor, J. Howloy, J. bowman, ,J.‘ OroshoK Jt was decided to nominate Mr J. Lyooj ? , junr. ? and Mr A. Pinkerton ‘ as representatives on po I' lro Board, and Pi? Hinohollff a member on the ff local committee.” ' THB NkV Pplt SANDHURST. — A veteran political writer‘say h Mr Speaker, a now member, si,r.‘ Behold a quiet locking slender smooth hand and smoothed cheeked legislation looking in years, a raeroUd seated among the labpr numbers on tho fronl Comcr bench. And yet—life being ppaj-pd him-the highest politfcojl honors Victoria has to Ijovtow, roust some day po tho reward of merit of that douce looklfig youth. For n young speaker, I think ho has the best Payliajnontary stylo I over witnessed. His kepn ph$ logical intel lect, plays )ikb an electric sparph lififot iqto every cranny qf tho subject 11,0 fqr toe time being js illuminating j Mg)*t >lot in upon every nook and angle pf It, pnq ujo nonptya; tioij of jiis argument, and the mastery of fact and duUjl fee exhibits, .holds the .Hquso closely."to.,, attention. f congratulate Mr nomUto'ni ’ Hn possesses that rare pqwpr■ i» the politician, which pot only convinces the 'hearer., but ,may ovon at; tfl? moment change a vote. ' , . , . Pbospeots 01? Mildura.- It is reported at Mildura that a cablegram has been received by Mr W. B. Chaff oy from Mr G. Chaffey, announcing that Chftffoy Brothers, Limited, j havp secured In London '-P loan up to the ; amount applied for, and that 0* |t : is immediately available. The steamer PooL, * loaves for Swan Hill'with E€f3 oases fif lemons 1 for Melbourne. Mildura lemons alio being i forwarded to Adelaide. Apricots are tolling at £11 IQs per ton ’on the trees; • Some of the plahtftttono'Arq yielding Wu* tons to the here, “Go.Ohv Ty?o-8BOB,9.--4- $f 0M a . nd Bosnia rehearsal of tills pantomime, which will bo produced for the’first timotO- algbt hold ttt U;o Royal Princes Theatre last evening u* 4 WWW oft in * P** 00 P°« r8 B in 8 mamior Th. in',*.«*•»"“ /S roas and effeotivo, lent the oWfOProeOO .. interest and verve. The transform.. 1QA.B0 me was of unexampled magnificence, tho soenei y*- painted for this occasion, being specially worthy of admiration. This pantomime has lioon specially written and arranged by Mr Edward Alloa Bindley, and the performance will bo produced for the first time this evening, Tho orchestra will bo under tho leadership of Mr Flight. On aooouat of tho Urge demand for tickets, intending patrons should'at onoe secure fnoir seats. Tho box plan has been opened at Buttons’s music warehouse,- Pall Mall. -Full particulars are advertised. Art Exhibition.— The Misses Croolb announce that their second annual exhibition is to bo oponed,to- day. As a large number of the pupils’ works will be on view, a visit should prove moat interesting. It will remain open until 10 o'clock this evening and every afternoon for a week. Mr F. Prescott has given two prizes, and they will bo awarded to. day. Diamond Hilt. Parliamentary Vigilance Club. — Tho proceedings at tho ordinary weekly mooting of this club on Monday night which was, as;usual, well attended, wore in teresting. Tho division in the Legislative Assembly on Mr McKenzie's want of confld. enoo motion, and on the tax on unimproved land values formed the principal topics of discusBion. A report of tho mooting of civil servants, convened by Dr Wollaston, at the Athoneum Hall'in Melbourne last week was read, and the speeches made on the occasion were freely criticised, members being of opinion that tho civil service, were, as a body, apparently exorcising too muob political in fluence, One now member was elected, and tho club has now 52 members on the roll. Fire in a Fire Brigade Depot.—About 6 o'clock Usl evening, smoko issuing from ono of our local fire stations attracted the niton cion of two persons. They went inside and found a quantity of straw on fire.. Strange to say no onp wps on the premises, and but for their timely arrival gu.m.o damage might have boon done. “Nuggets in the Devil’s Fungi* Rojyx." —This is tho title of another ooUeotioo of stories (London, Longman’s, Green and-Co; Melbourne, Melville, Mullen and Slade), by an Australian writer, Mr Andrew Robertson. Thoro are four tales in the volume, and they are related with more than ordinary literary skill a.qd vigor. The one which gives the title to the volume is as sensational as any reader could desire, and'js decidedly Australian in its coloring. “She wont out mashing,” said, a husband i of his wife in tho Melbourne District Court yesterday, “and when she returned I slapped her face. 1 wished I bad given her more.” The Earl of Yarmouth (remarks the Herald) was a delighted spectator', at Mrs Green’s children's 1 fancy’ dross hall’on Monday evening. ” Mb, Donalds. Wallace has forwarded bis resignation as a member of the 1 Legislative Counoil. . This will ’create a vacancy in the South-Western PcovujpjS- Weather.—Tho readings at Mr Ccodging ton’s yesterday wore ;^-;Thormoroolor—9’P.i)i., . 65° ; 12 noon, 76 ® ; 3 p,m, 66° 5 6 1 p.m., 71° ; max. 87f ; min., 49. Baromo- ; tor—9 a.m.. 29*74; 6'p.m., 29-66. Mr 0. Neven von Tossau will give a fancy swimming exhibition in tho baths this afternoon at 3.30. Lndics and gentlemen who have scores or manu script of Qiroflo Girofla are requested by advertise ment by the Bfecretpury of the Bendigo Liedertafel to band them in bpfoxo Jbo end of the present week without fail. ' A lecture 00 tho M Life of Christ/-' Rlpstratcd by lantern views will be delivered m the German 1 Lutheran Schoolroom, McKenzie street, by ‘ the Bev I. Potter. The lecture is in aid of tho Ben digo Unde-nomiufttional City Mission. 