MY PARTNER'S WIVES. My partner is not a Mormon. So far from it he is—or was until fir* weeks ago —a rather plain bnt very good-natured bachelor. We left New York for the West a dozen years ago. We were aboot of an sge—twenty-fom1—and it was not until last winter that Charles entertained ' an idea which I did not share. I first noticed him sitting bv onr log fire withont his pipe in early December. 1 bad never known him do this before Later he became absent-minded. 1 watched him nariowly, and found that be did strange and nnaoconntable things, snch as brushing his clothing, wearing gloves on Sunday, blacking his boors, and so on. At first 1 thought that as his in terest in the etock farm was greater than mine, he was taking this queer way ofi letting Lme Bee it; bat one morning he j came to breakfast with bis hair neatly combed, and from that day for at least a month I laboured under the awful appre hension that his mind was giving way. I took from him every -possible care and\ anxi-ty regarding the stock, and to homor i his faccy f combed my own hair before breakfast for the whole of that awful time. Tc my dismay he seemed not even to notice ihe change in me or himself. 1 confided to onr man of all work, Sambo, that he was to bold himself in readiness night and day in ease anything shonld happen, for twenty miles of coontry lay between onr log cabin and town. He agreed with me that " Marse Charles was actin' monghty queer like." It was just atter Christmas that com ing from the post-office at Linkville one morning I heard some singular sounds which came from behind a huge pile of wood back of the large new boose which Charlie and' I bad now nearly finished. Cor cabin stood abont a hundred yards j from it. I knew Charlie's voice; I knew I also that onr nearest neighbour lived a mile distant. I crept softly over to the wood pile,-leaving my horse at the cabin. Yes, there was my partner standing in a sort of drawingroom attitude on the out skirts of the pile. He had a book in his bands. . His hst lay on a log near him. His hair was freshly combed, and he bad on his Snnday suit. I stood speechless with feelings I can not describe, foi he was singing. Yes, I distinctly recognised the similarity between the " starter" in the district church and my partner in his present attitude. My hair rose with fright, bnt not knowing what sadden tarn his mind might take if di6tGrbed, I waited. He was singing softly, as if in fear of being overheard, bnt suddenly a familiar strain fell on my ears. " Stay with me, my darling, stay, And like a dream thy life shall pass away.' He conclnded the verse with melting tenderness, and it was just then and there that something told me the troth. 1 laughed—I roared—I fell on the wood pile and rumpled up my hair ; £ did everything bnt go mad myself. Presently I beoatne aware that my partner was swearing. I rose and held out my hand. After a moment's hesita tion be took it in a hearty grasp, and from that hour I was his confidant. I told him over oor pipes that night of all the anxiety I had endured on his account. "By Jove, Charlie, I thought you'd gone plum crbzy, I really did," I said. " And to tell the troth—" " Yon think I'm exchanging one sort of lunacy for another, eh?" he rejoined lather dryly. " On, I don't say that; bnt tell me all about it, old fellow." " And yon won't langh ?" "Not if I can help it" " Pshaw! if yon take the matter in this way—" " I'll take it in any way yon like! only tell me what pat the notion in your head." And then I learned that my chum's sister in New York was looking for a wife for him ; that he expected a photograph of a girl with sterling qualities by toe next mail, and I was to give my opinion of her. The wives Boon began to arrive. The girl with sterling qualities was thin, aboot forty years old, with very little hair rather too neatly pnt np. The accom panying letter described her as good natured, benevolent, not at all bad looking when yon conte to know her. about twenty-seven, and jolly nice al together. Gliarlie looked disappointed ; I told him not to mind; perhaps his sister knew a nicer girl. I don't remember how be managed to avoid taking tte wife with sterling qualities; bnt he did; for an other photograph came in dae time. This girl was small, with big baby eyes. "She is "rather little," wrote Cbarli«'s sister. " Her lovely eyes are of a heavenly blue. She sings and plays bsantifolly, and is a perfect dancer. I didn't tell her yon lived qnite so far from town as yon do, Charlie dear. 1 thought that she could get such minor particulars from you." " Good heavens 1" quoth Charlie. " Do you suppose sis has popped the question for me ?" His sandy moustache went np on one side, as it generally did when he was perplexed or very much in earnest. "Certainly not," I hastened to say. "Don't get excited, Charlie—though it would be a queer go to see that exotic transplanted irom Hew York to the wild West. Cheer np, old boy 1 Better luck next time." " Then yon don't think Bine Eyes will do?" " Do you ?'' " N-no—bnt what am I to tell ais ?" " The train. Hone bnt women who can rough it should come West. JBy the way, you've never described your sister to me." " Haven't I ? Well, she isn't mnch (o look at, bnt she's good, and sweet-tem pered, and capable. If I could find her mate, i ask nothing better of Heaven." I said nothing ; Charlie gave me a curbus look, and then began to tBlk of something else. In my partner's next letter to hie sister, he hinted very strongly that she was not to mention hie name nntil he gave h<r leave. Two photographs were the result. One of the ladieB represented was very stoat, of evident German descent. The other was a rather pretty woman with rougisb eyes and pooling lips. There was no description of this one, only on the beck of the card was written— "I send poor darling Mrs Fee's just at a venture. Her hnsband died last week, and ehe is alone In the cold world." The stout woman was reoommended because she had been twice to Germany and back, and didn't seem to mind it at all; in addition to which ehe bad ten dollars in bank, and was coming West to visit friends in Portland. <■ Coming West!" gasped Charlie. He roshed to the door and bolted it, " Look out of the window, Jack, do yon see any one coming ?" he anxiously asked. " No—not even the ghost of the widow's dear departed," I laughed. " Don't! yon make me shndder. What's sir thinking of, I wonder." "Yon must tell her to try again, and draw a line at widsws of less than a year's standing." Daring the next few weeks Charlie re ceived at le&Bt; a dozen pictures; half of them were of " eooiety girls," who would not do at all; there was a rich widow of sixty. Charlie tore up that photograph, remarking grandly that he was not for sale. Then came several plain maidens, each with a mission which she might be persuaded to abandon in Charlie's favoHr, wrote sis. (I had somehow fallen into the habit of calling her this). She thought he was very hard to please. The maidens with a mission were followed by two irtists and a literary lady, all of severe or 'sU&d;'S&fi;)" aspect. By this time Charlie was in despair. "Is there not one genniue, old-fankiioneo girl in sis's aet," ho groaned, " whosr mission it is to make heme happy—who is not afraid of work, and doea not live for society V To this I could only retnrn the usnsl answer— " Belter lnck next time, old man !" Every time a wife came I jotted down the fact on the door frame with a pencil. Winter was well advanced when another letter came enclosing a tin type of a girl reclining in a garden chair, with bands clasped and eyes turned heavenward. She waB a poetess of the first water, with no end of fame and beaoty, sis wrote. " I told dear Anrota (.that's her name) bow yon lived all alone in the wild daisy dotted field of Oregon, and she clapped her hands snd looked so lovely that 1 m«de her have this little tin-type taken in that very lattitade yesterday- I told her it wee just a fancy I had, and she com plied Bt once. She is such a sweet tempered creature!" To tell the troth, 1 ten somewhat sorry for Charlie ; bat I bad just come in from a horse-back ride of forty miles, and could keenly appreciate a joke. I hadn't laughed at a photograph, (before my partner) for a long time, but I did langb at thie one, and the dear old boy threw the boot-jack at me. The door frame wae pretty well marked tip when one day a letter came enclosing two more photographs. The letter stated that photo number one was M ss Agnes Harding. <( She is not exactly in oar set, or rather ehe has not the time to be, for she's a typewriter, and takeB care of herself and her mother. She is the very last lady whose photo I have. I jast lova Agnes, she's so independent and persevering; ehe is a good housekeeper and a loyal friend. Photo number two is my own, I send' it to let you Bee how thin I have be come. I haven't bad a night's rest nn hannted by woman for months. My last and best bean has left me becanse I had no time to go out while wife-hunting, and all to no purpose, unless yon like Agnes ; and there's the possibility that she won't like you, or liking you, will not leave her mother. In any case, I'm enre she will not go oat to yon—you must come and plead your cauee in person. She knows her own valoe, and is m no harry to be married. Well, I've done my best, so yon may keep my picture in case anything happens to me." All the time Charlie was reading this I felt the profoundest pity for sis. Indeed, unknown to him, I had long since built a castle where eis reigned supreme. In each letter, her bright, sunny nature was revealed more end more plainly. Her mention of her beau gave me eucb a jealous pang that it opened my ey es to the fact that I was hopelessly in love with my partner's sister. The photograph showed her with a half comic, hslf earnest frown on her face. She was not pretty, and her hair wae just the least bit untidy ; bat these little draw backs only deepened my secret misery. I loved her the better for them. They proved that she was not vain or self-con scious. So intent wss 1 on my own thoughts that I was considerably etsrtled when Charlie broke into a regular doable ehcffl^ that would have done credit to Topeey, accompanying himself with a real old time whistle. It was ten minntes before I could qniet him, and then he broke down suddenly. I felt annnnsnal amount of respect for my partner when I saw. his big heart for an instant more plainly than nsnal as he said— "God bless herl She's worth her wsigbt in pare gold 1 There's only one cbauce in a thousand that she'll have me, a poor Western stock farmsr, bnt I mean to try to win her. Ton and I have earned a holiday, Jack, now that the new honse is finished and furnished; suppose "we leave the stock with the men, for a few weeks, and go east for a visit? I forgot to men tion it at the time, old man," he went on with a qoizz'cal smile, "bat I sent yoar photo to eis a few months sgo, and sLe thinks yon a rather good looking felloiv. Will yon come ?" Yon can divine my answer. Oar wooing prospered, and when my partner and I re turned to the West, we were aocompanied by sis, Agnes, and Mrs Harding. Charlie found that Miss Harding would not leave her mother, so be decided to take ths old lady too ; and the new hoose now holds the happiest, most complete family party in old Oregon. 