PAVING THE WAY A ROMANCE OF THE AUS TRALIAN BUSH. By SIMPSON NEWLAND. ? [Publifhed by special arrangement with the Author. All rights resarved.] Chapter XXV.— The Plbscees Baffled. Petrel sadly retraced her steps, once sitting down on a rock with the great waves dashing at her feet, to think over what) that man had told her. Why could he not have been true to Eoland? Surely, if both kept silence, there could be no more dauger to the two than to the one ; yet in was evident that her lover had weighed all the circumstances and decided oa the flight of Darkie. She almost wondered that in the first moment of his indignation he had not shot the traitor down, but then her hero was always calmest in moments of emer gency. He, no doubt, recognised that more evidence might be obtainable against Darkie than against himself — evidence that, if they etood their trial together, would prejudice him, but that would not be admissible were he alone. It seemed that Darkie had been in communi cation not only with the white shepherds and others, but with the blaoke, thus probably giving the clue on which the police 'had acted ; ehe never doubted her lovers motives, and it waa for her to justify the trust she was so proud to bear he placed in her. She would tell her dear old dad all and pet his consent to her taking the fugitive over to Kangaroo Island. There would then be no one who could peaon. Of course Jack bad helped him the first night, but he was true as steel and devoted to ber father ! Still, the less he or anyone knew of what concerned the life and honor of her Eoland the better. She understood a boat thoroughly and Darkie's assistance was avail able going over; as for the return trip, the ?wind at that time of year was nearly always favorable and the run would not occupy more than four or five hours. In the event of un expected difficulties the old whaler could accompany her part or, if necessary, the whole of the way in bis boat. It waa an undertaking that under ordinary circumstances the young .girl would have Bhrunk from, but then these were not ordinary circumstances. That she -was acting the part of a heroine never entered \- .her comprehension; yet that which she pro posed was a deed from which many a bold heart might well shrink. Ob, true heart of -woman, when does it think any task too hard -to save the object of her love ? Auntie was Btill sitting with the moat entire patience precisely just where she was left 'There has been no occasion to call upon my reserve stock of hysterics,' ehe said, 'perhaps fortunately eo, on every account, for it must be confessed that I am considerably out of practice. In fact, only the hour, this wild scene, and the sadden apparition of a man could possibly at my time of life and after my experiences justify anything so essentially fine ladyieh.' ' O auntie, yon are quite funny to-night !' laughed the girl, almost forgetting the tale she had heard, at this novel aspect of ber almost taciturn relative's character. ' It is the peculiar surroundings, child. We might be engaged in the landing of contraband goods, cheating the Customs, in fact, which all of our sex think a very laudable proceeding, or assisting some poor fellow to evade the clutches of the law, which is more proper still in some cases, instead of merely being out to enjoy a bread: of fresh air. Well, here we are at home again, and there is dad at the door, no doubt very cross, because we have prolonged oar usual stroll beyond the ordinary limits. Sit down, my dear, on the bench outside and tell him all, while I go in and take off my things!' Glad to be alone with ber father Petrel sat down and poured out the tale and her troubles with it. 'O dad, I must take him away, and soon. There is nothing else to be done ; you will let me, won't yon ? It 19 for Roily sake !' ' I know, Pet, and there is indeed no one else we can trust. Jack has been ordered to accompany the police in a search for Salter, who l«f t bore for Adelaide. It appears he got delirium tremens and is lost in the icmb about Monnt Jagged. Jack Bays they start in the morning.' 'Then we might go to-morrow night, dad.' ' If tbe weather bold 6 up, Pet ; but it looks like blowing from the west, and that woc't do. I will tell Jack to take the boat out strain to the cove firet thing in the morning and moor her there, to as to be handy.' In the afternoon of the following day the harpooner left with the police on tbe quest after the missing man in the Willunga scrub. The glass of the Headman enabled him to observe the party leave tbe BCacion on the Point *' There they go, every man of them,' he said, 'but some may come back. I'll keep a look-out up to dark.' ' I'll start then, dad, if nothing happens in the meantime. Auntie will come to see me off and, if lucky, I shall be back to-morrow night almost before your bedtime.' ' I am afraid of the weather. Pet — don't you thick you had better wait till it settles ?' ' No, dad, let me go and get it over. I shall always be in terror for Roily wbile tnat man is here. I think all sorts of things — chat perhaps the whaling vessel will have left tbe island before we reach it. I must go, dad.' The Headman looked grave as he glanced towards the west, where a black cloud hung over tbe setting sun. 'I don't think it will be much, but your boat ia not a big one to face a sea if you have to tack against a head wind ; you must turn back if it does blow up, promise me tnat.' ' All right, dad .' eo that ic ia settled.' When night had fairly set in Petrel and her aunt started, the former well wrapped up for the cold eail before ber. At the point of the Bluff she went for Darkie. As before, Bhe soon met him and found that he was eager to ba away. The boat was immediately drawn up to the beach for the pirl to enter. ' Good-bye, auntie, I hope to ba home to morrow some time !:- *' I must pnll out a little to get the wind,' said Darkie, 'then we will put up the sail. Farewell, hire. Cleeve, I shall never forget all that you have done for me, and what your niece is dcing to-night.' The old woman could not ppeak, but she waved her hand as loner as they could ba eeen. Outside the shelter of the headland the wind blew fresh, and as soon as the sail was seo the boat danced merrily over the waves. '* I will steer for a while,' said Petrel, 'and then you can take the tiller. The breeze ia beautiful, and if it continues we shall be there in a few hours. :j 'I hope so,' replied Darkie, 'but I don't like tbe appearances of the weather. This is a land wind and will die away before we pro oetd very far.' ' Dad eaid it might blow hard from the west and then we were to turn back.:1 'That would be on every account a great pity, but I am entirely under your orders,' he replied; 'I owe far too much to you and yours to incur any more risk than ia abso lutely necessary. ' Ie is not for you,' Ehe eaid coldl3T, ' that I am here.' ' I beg your pardon !' and he Eank into silence. Round West Island they ran on, till fairly ?within eight of the grand clttfs beyond Por poise Head, tbe wind still holding and the boat making good progress. Then it began to drop, occasionally rising and propelling them through the water at a rapid rate. Pre sently it would fall to a calm and the sails would flat idly. So, with fitful pnifn, it rose and fell in a tantalising way tor perhaps half an hour, then ceased altogether. Darkio now spoke. ' It will blow hard against us directly. We must turn back. _ To be safer I will take a ree£ in the main sail.' As she seemed to object by her silence he added — ' It is what your father directed should be done.' 'Take the rudder,' she answered, 'lean- not steer back — it teems like doing a wicked thing.' Sbe was thinking that the police might be waiting for him at tiie cove, when they landed. He seemed to divine her thought. 'I will stay oa West Island if you can manage the boat to the cove.' 'Tb.aak you ; I can do that easily. I have moored her many times and directly the wind goes round I will come for you — to-morrow night if possible.' The wast wind was now fast driving them back aud she a^ain took the tiller while he prepared what hu would require on the island. She had quite recovered her cheerfulness. '\'ou won't mind being left, will yon? I could not stop, you. know; the baat might; be se^n from the land.' 'Of course you cannot and I would rather be there than behind the Bluff. It's a great deal safer, which to a man in my position counts for something. ScilJ, if I thought there was any doubt about your being able to manage the boat I would go on, even against your will.' ' But I have none,' Bhe quickly answered, ' my father has often Raid that I can manage a b-iatas well ae he can, and after ray nailing about with him every summer when the whaling is over ho ought to know.' They were now near tbe landing-place under the shelter of tbe island. It was simply a little indentation in the pile of rocks where the water wassomewhat calmtr. With skilful hand the girl steered eloee to a fiat rock and as the boat passed on a swell Darkio sprang on to it. When lie turned to look Peirel was oat in the open &ea;, speeding directly round the Bluff. He lifted the bundle he had cast fit-fore him and climbed up the rook aud thenloliowed with his eyes the white sail until it disappeared beyond the headland. ' There never was a girl like her, good and beautiful, with the spirit of a heroine. I wonder if I ever, from my cradle upwards, have for one single instant bec-n worthy of her. As for Roland, does be realise what a prize is within his tfrasp? Not bc% or, if he does, his infernal pride of name and race will likely enough prevent his ever plucking it. It is easy to see that his old aunt if working on that failing to separate them. If the once gets hold of how tho father left England, then, Petrel, you will surely find that you idol has feet of clay, like tilo ryss of us. It won't matter that through your aid he has escaped by the skin of his te*'th from convic tion of a criino compared with which than of your father was ae » feather's weight vo yoa mount. Fool that I am, in no case could tsho ever be mine.' Without a tremor in her brave little heart the girl steered straight ou under the shadow of the great bluff, the surf beating loudly against its everlasting base and tossing its white feathers high up the glistening rocks. Tbe winds was strong though steady, and the sea. was rising to a etorm as ehe swepc round into the shelter of the cove. Here there waa no difficulty in managing the boat. She steered close up to the shears before taking down the sail. Auntie was on tbe shore, evidently on the ' watch, and in a few minutes bhe had tho boat moored and was with ber. ' I left him on the island. We thought it best and he wished to stop. It blew too hard for us to go on, though I could have cried at turning back.' 'It's nearly a storm outside now. Come home, dear, and have eorae nice supper and a good sleep and forget all about the bothera tion men,' said the matter of- fact widow; that's the best thing to do.' Brave little Petrel was glad to be petted and made much of by both lather and aunt. The Headman was proud to hear how well she had managed the boat. He also thought leaving Darkie on West Island a wise step. 'Is'a a nasty landing. Pet, in rough weather, and I would not have cared about it myself a dirty night like this.' ' VVe were back there, dad, before the sea had risen much and Darkie acted splendidly ; he had everything ready and as the boat came up to the landing- rock he jumped on it and Bent her flying out to sea again.' ' He ie a good hand in a boat and so is my Petr,'_ said the father, fondly stroking her luxuriant hair as she nestled np to him. The next day the storm bad passed off and the wind gradually died away, though there was a considerable sea still op. 'There is sure to be a fair wind to-night,' said Mr. Cleeve, 'and the sea will go down. This time you must have fine weather if I know anything about it. There is a trooper patrolling about, though ; he has been along tbe Waitpinpa-road and came back by Porpoise Head and the Bluff. He will be here directly. I hope Darkie is lying close ou the island or he might be seen. It will be well to get him away. I begin to think these fel lows suspect something.' The policeman now rode op to the cottage and dismounting sat down for a ohat with the Headman. ' No news of Salter T' asked the latter, after some desultory conversation, 'No,' was the reply. 'I came back laBt night and left them on his tracks near Mount Jagged ; but it is very hard to follow them. He bad thrown off all his cloches, as we found them scattered along his trail. It's doubtful if he is alive by this time, and maybe we shall not find him at all in that thick scrub. Do yon believe in ghosts ?' suddenly asked be. 'In the daytime I don't,' Baid the Head man ; ' but at night, particularly about midnight and when I am near a churchyard, I do.' 'Well, we tracked Salter duriog the day close past a big stone lying by the pad on Mount Jagged, and by the footmarks we could see that he nad sat down on it Somehow we got a bit solemn while there, perhaps because there were drops of blood on it. My mate, Birt, said it looked as if the poor devil had tried to kill himself while sitting there. Well, when I left them to come back home it was dark before I not to the place, and there, as ? it- ?,..-,'???-. -?': - : ? J Bureas lam alive, was something whito sitting on that Htoce. ?-Iy horsu waa t jut frightened he nearly threw me, and I was just aa much scared and made through, the bushes with my heart in my mouth round into the track agdin as hard as I could, it was his ghost, and that man will never be found alive. I've got to join the party out there this evenirjg with eome grub, but nothing will induce me to go by that scoue. Good-bye.' ' Good job he let out that he will be away to-night. He can't be here if he has to go out there,'' soliloquised the Headman. ' Thty will almost likely bo away to-morrow, giving time for Pet to be back with the boat without being missed. As to the ghost, he has got more than a bit of a scare. Maybe poor Salter is hovering about there dead or alive.' As the evening eet in tbe tea had subsided greatly and the wind was fair. ' Could not be better. Pel. The worst part will be picking nn Darkie, as there is Eure to be a heavy twell on out there, but it's clear starlight.' '' I can manapo it all well enough, dad. I will have the sail up before letting go from the shears and with this wind there won't be much difficulty, and v.-ith him there to help it will be easy,' added the girl, as if tnat settled the question. After supper, to which auntie took care that her niece did full justice, preparations were made for a starb. All were in excellent spirits, everything favored the trip, and these people never allowed the roliection that they were breaking the laws of their adopted country to trouble them in the sligb test degree. Giving a long parting hujr to her dear old dad, Petrel, again accompanied by Auntie, took her de pature. Unmooring the boat and raising tbe sail occupied a considerable time ailer they reached the cove ; bu4 that done, the girl cast off from tho stage and the boat stood out to sea round the Bluff, Auntie look ing admiringly ou at hor niece's deft movements. The night was clear, with a beautiful fresh breeze, and the Ixiat appeared to skim over tho water like s. huge white bird. This time there were no clouds rising ahead to depress her spirits and Petrel felt confident thai; in a few hours tbe ruan whose presence waa a contiuuai menace to her lover's life would be beyond pursuit. Aud her Roland would, if possible, love her the more for the dangers she was daring for his sake, though they -were nothing compared with what she wouli do ii occasion required. Now the boat shot up to the flat reek where Darkie stood waiting. He had been en the watch at the point of theisland to make certain that it was she, the sight of the trooper on the main land in the morning having made him apprehensive that the bo.it might contain police. He at once sprasjc in, and as they flew on their course he told Petrel what he had feared, though it was impossible that he could have been eeen, as ho had never lelo the safe cover among the rocks. Relieved to hear this, Petrel gaily-chatted or listened to his tales of past adventures with her lover. Then they srrew silent and while be steer* d she gave herself up to her thoughts. Sweet they must have been and soothing to the whaler's daughter, for she dropped into a deep sleep and dreamt that Roily had returned to say that all thiB dreadful tale of murder and imprisonment was a lie, that he had spared the natives who had sought to take bis life and was applauded by tho whole coloay as the greatest of its heroes. As he left the court he had been cheered loudly. Hark ! 6he could hear them Eti.IL Then her name waa called and there waa a sound of waves beating on the rocks. Chaptes XXYL— Kansaiioo Island. ' Kangaroo Island is cluse by and daylight is breaking,' sp.id Darkie, 'As I don's know where old iiark's huD is I was obliged to wake you.' ' Keep on inside the island, it is a few miles yet. Whnt a sleep I hare had.' ' I am glad of is, for t.;-Di'ght you have tbe same trip to do alone. Wou't you be afraid '!' ' Not I. I shall be thinking ail the way that it will soon be over — and she,' added in a lower tone, ' Roland safe. And you, you won't corae back '!' in an entreating voice. 'Never, I swear,' he replied, 'until Roland Grantley'a life is as safe as yours from that charge.' She looked eearchingly in his face and saw that he meant; to be truo. With touching sim plicity the answered — 'I believe you.' A small hay now opened ouh wi'.h a bat on the bank and a boat ou the shore. They had arrived and a.s they drew up to a little laudicg acaRe a weather-beaten roan of abouo sixty years of age stepped down to meat them. Darkie sprang on shore and spoke with him for some minutes aud then returned to Petrel. ' There is an American whaler lying in a cave a little further alocg and an she is in want of hands they will take me willingly enough without asking questions. Kark says abe sajls to-uiorrow and ad vises my going with, him to join her this evtning.' 'Go, by all means,' Siiid she. 'The same wind that brought us here will serve to take mo back.' 'Yes ; but there ie no occasion for me to go until after jou tmve started, and thai ought not to ba for tsonio hours yet or you will arrive before dark. You will allow me to see you safely away from hero.' Petrel spent most of the day picking wild Sowers among the bushes that covered thas portion of tho island and gathering shells on the beach. She had been there before with ber lather and had often eeen old Kark at the Fishery. lie wns one of the oldest inhabi tants ; there were, in tact, none who had been longer ou the island and ccast, and perhaps only one or two who had been as long. That he waa ono of Van Diemen's Land's choicest importations no one doubled, but Mr. Kark never discussed his antecedents with any body. He never even uttered a word as to his life on Kangaroo Island, unlens, indeed, his tOBRiie was well loosened by th;it potent lubricator — grog. Tc u congenial companion, who passed the bottle with the hospitable rapidity aud evinced a lively bympathy with the villainies over which the old ruffian loved to gloat, he sometimes relaxed his customary re nerve. Ilov/ he came there was not known, or if known at nil only to those of tbe guild who not merely keps their cecrfcts rigidly among themselves, but rarely confided unnecessarily iu each other. Once that; subtle agent irhich unlocks the inner cabinet of so many men's minds had been used to melt the surly taciturnity in which he v/rapned himself. There had been hints of the aijduction of native women from the main land ia the earlier days ; and as one or two whit-emeu had blaekwornen living with them when the South Australian Company formed a e&Uiemeut; ou the island more than a color was lent to these rumens. Oid Kark was one of the possessors of this kind of property and on the occasion alluded to ha aivuiged the atrocious manner in which the unfortunate women were kidnapped. It appears that there were three men living together on the island and feubsisting princi pally upon fish ; when out in their bo-c they often eaw blacks on the mainland aud after a while a sore of friendly relation was estab lished, fkh being exchanged for kangaroos opossums, or other animal food. It was not lontf before they also coveted the charms of the aboriginal women, though they were too much afraid to offer auy direct allurements. At last it was determined to abduct three on the first favorable opportunity. .' Id has been 6aid that 'God helps th&se; who help them selves,'' observed tho narrator when relating this fetory, ' but my experience shows that the Devil does fully as much for his votaries.' One day they caught a great haul of schnapper near Rapid Bay and, observing an encamp ment of blacks, decided to carry out their project withouS delay. They accordingly approached the ^sbore,' holding up the fish to attract attention. (Seeing this, the aborigines came running down to the water's edge. The Devil certainly had favored them, for the men were nearly all away hunting. Now was the chance ; they paddled close in, sprang out), and exclaiming 'This is mine,' each caught hold of a woman, tossed her into the boat, and were away before a weapon could be thrown or an attempt made to prevent them. Tbe few black men who were there had not brought their arms from the camp, presumably believ ing that tbe visit was for the ordinary ex change of commodities. The white men were well aware that the natives had no means of following them over to the island, and in the assurance that they were quite 6afe from pur suit they rejoiced Rreatly at the success of their treachery- The women were taken to their camp, but that very night ran away. A chase ensued and the three were overtaken on a promontory running into the sea opposite their country ; - two were captured, but the other boldly took to the water, straight across the nine-mile passage. Some say she euo caeded in her heroic attempt, -but diedr- from exhaustion immediately after reaching the land. There were now three men to two women and the two ruffians considered that the old ruffian who had lost his prize had no claim on theirs. The abstract question of right and wrong did not affect such men to any great ex tent. To have was was to hold, if possible ; bnt, on tbe other hand, not to have was to take if possible. Among men actuated by such ethics quarrels were sure to arise ; a fight fol lowed, and the lonely villain, half killed, had to betake himself to another part of the island. Or was he murdered outright t The other two, once firm friendB, became deadly enemies and separated. It would seem therefore, judging from its apparent results, that the deed of violence did noc quite answer their expectations ; but then, this only proves that too much had been expected. That any one of the three died in his bed conclusively proves his Satanic majesty did 'not desers them to the last. Petrel was glad when the declining Bun in dicated that ebe might start on the return voyage. She felt an instinctive antipathy for the old mysterious villain ; the very manner of life he led, away from all men, year after year, stamped him as one to be distrusted, if not feared. Darkie hoisted the sails and taking Kark's boat, accompanied her a few miles, almost without uttering a word. Then holding her hand he eaid— ' I do not attempt to thank you and for me to say 'God bless you' would be a mockery; but wherever I go, 'to my dying day, I shall think of you as the best of women.1' He had uttered the words in a broken voice and then, v.-ith all tbe reverence of a deep re enect, he kissed her hand and stepped into his boat. She lowered her face, and tho boat sped away fast before the favoring breeze. When she looked back he still stood gazing after her, like some impenitent son of man in ancient days, when beneficent angels were permitted to descend from heaven to warn the sinful and obdurate to forsake their evil ways, after the divine messenger to whom he had refused to listen bad left him to his fate. Almost sorrowfully Petrel steered on ; she coa'd not ihink of bis affecting words without emotion ; he had been so kind and respectful in the peculiar position in which they were placed. No brother could have been more careful of her, no one more anxious not to wound her sensibilities ; for all this she felt grateful. Then came the consciousness that hi his absence lay Roland's safety, and a great gladness came over her that ho was cone and that bhe had only to reach home without ex citing the suspicions of those many-eyed policemen. Of course, if they saw her return they would suspect something and probably would guess what had actually occurred. Was not this wind wafting her along too fast t fcshe f-;ared now that she migbs arrive beforo darkness fell to hide her approach ; yet the suu was near tbe horizon, so she checked her first impulse to strike the sail and 6teered on. Down went the sun, and already everything began to look obscure ; tbe bold coast-line even became eo indistinct that she Hhaped her course nearer to it. It was so lonely, too, out by herself on the wide sea ; perhaps nearer the cliiifs she might ftel it less. Was that a shark following ? Yes, right in the wake of the boat. Had she not heard tales of these ter rible ereitures tracking doomed ship3 until tho end came ? 'Stuff and nonsense,' said she, nervinp her brave little heart! ; 'I have seen them dozens of tinits swim miles after the vvhaieboats aud nothing happen.' She would noS look round for a long while and when ehe did the monater was gone. He evidently saw that Petrel was noc for him, bo did not waste time coveting her dainty little person. By this time it waa as dark as it could ba with such a clear sky and all those bright stars shiniog. A moment ago she could count them, and now there were thousands. There was Porpoise Head looming up dark and- high. As she passed under into its shadow it seemed to shut; out half the heavens and their glorious lights. West Island was now near and with this calm sea there will be no break on the reef, so she steers inside it. There stands tho grand old Bluff, never more welcome than now, after the protracted strain of her hard task. Close under those huge rocks where gleamed that swirl of white water ic was that the fight with the whales had taken place in which chat dearest of dear old dads had been nearly killed. She could eee, plainly denned againsD the starlit eky. the granite boulder from which she wit nessed the struggle and catastrophe. Just round the corner, perched up on a rock, etood 'The Cave,' a hollow boulder wonderfullv carved out by nature's slow hand in the course of countless ages. She distinguished ' The Coward's Hole,' where the timid crawl in rather than walk round on the dangerous narrow ledge which overhangs the sheer precipice down to where the ocean roars in its wiidest hundreds of feet below. Somewhat further on is the cavity where fugi tives wanted by the police had often btwn secreted, and where she had been to meet Darkie on the nishfc when he told her of her lover's peril. Wright's Island was now in full view. On sweps the boat ; there is the cove and there ' the shears. ' With skilful hand the craft ie broupht- to alongside, a line made fast, sails taken down and folded away with all the care of a seaman. Now far the shore and home. As she passed quickly on there etood auntie, wbo took her in her arms for very joy at seeing her back again. So all was well — the man safely on board the Yaulcee whaler. Bravo .' dad would be so glad to hear it. He had never rested since she left. Here was the cottage. 'Dad, dear dad!' and ' Pet, dear Pet !' Was there ever a happier meetipg ? Or waa there ever such a girl? Certainly never, in the opinion of the maimed Colossus. He made her tell hini every thiuj?, particularly of the trip back, his face showing each emotion o£ wonder and pride. 'Now that you have had a nioe warm Eupper go to bed, Pet, and don't get up until you have made up for lost time.' As for him, hour after hour he sat there. Surely, hearing of this priceless service, Roland would value her as she deserved, would Cist to the winds all considerations of race and position and take her as his wife in the sight of all men. He had thought of all this when be had let her go with Darkie ; had, indeed, almost been glad that the necessity had arisen. Nod that he desired to pile obligations upon Grantley, buc euch devotion must produce greater admiration and lovo for his child. It) was not possible now that tho boy he had loved since he saved him at the Mouth could hesitate to elaini her as his bride-, in defiance of kith and kin. Yet; he felt that Miss Granslty was in some way working against the happiness of his daughter. Was iti by rakiiig up the unjust stigma cast on bis youth, for which hid manhood had suffered and must suffer to the end, since for him to reverse that cruel sentence was utterly hopeless? What availed io that he was innocent of the act for which an inexorable law re: used to accept! as sufficient the atone ment of a blameless iifo ? And if he had com mitted that deed, betore the God in whose presence he was so to appear, and to whom he appealed, be believed it to be no crime. But wha& would all this avail if that woman became acquainted with his sentence and iu expiation iu Van Diemen's Land before Roland married Petrol V Nothing. Roland's pride of race would be worked upon — a pride that Petrel's father knew was deeply inbred ; though Koland might suffer, he would not rise superior to ifi and Petrel's happiness would be wrecked. If they were once married Miss Grantley must accept the situa tion ; her intense regard for tho honor of the family would shut her ruoutb. He must act, then, as soon as Roland got out of theutrouble in which he was involved, as he was sure to do now thas Darkie had escaped from the country. Doubtless he would hasten Ironi Adelaide ro thank the girl he loved for all he owed her, then everything might be t-ettled and Petrel made happy. Comforted by these last reflec tions the big man retired to rest. CliArTEK XXVII. — FACILIS DliSCEXSCS AVEliXL Enfield had now almost quite recovered from his wound under the efficient nursing at Talkie, but found it difficult to tear himself away from the fascinations of Miss Maria. It is ever thus when the wounded male is thrown defenceless into the bands of the female beguiler. It is eo pleasant to be waited on and have every wish anticipated with such ready sympathy, and to watch the womanly ways and wonder what some men have done that they should possess these bleESings in permanence while you, a poor devil of a bachelor, have to shift for yourself. It's all up with you when it comes to this. There may be a little fencing, an appareut coldness on the part of the charmer, buc she has got your neck in the matrimonial noose, from v/hich you can't extricate your self, if you struggle ever so hard — and that you will uoB do. It looks so pleasant — as indeed it is for the time beincr, and possibly may be for all the time that you twain shall be one flesh. We won't pry too closely into the heart of Miss Maria ; perhaps she never thought of the disabled hero as u lover until he actually asked theimportantquestion and she whispered in response, ' You must ask my aunt.' Not! quite theanswer the ardorof her ad mirerdesirod. A passionate lover has been known to be so carried away by his feelings as to hastily ejaculate, ' The devil take your aunt ! What do you tay?' Of course an outburst like this would be highly improper in good society, but it is not unreasonable to suppose that the average damsel would scarcely consider it an un pardonable sin. James Enfield was not naturally impulsive and on this occasion, being discreet, he simply marched the maiden into the presence of Misd Grantley, who was opportunely near, and put the matter thus : — ' Miss Grantley, I've asked your niece to be my wife and she refers me to you ; please- Rive us your blessing,' which that lady did there and then. Subsequently, no doubt, he bad a more satisfactory interview with his jiancie. Under these happy circumstances complete convalescence could not be expected, since that would entail tbe swain's departure. He was, however, in quite robust enough health to take long walks and rides with the chosen one, , . . . Ib was at this juncture that the Star waa found at the gate with his saddle on. There was some comfort in the fact that it was not the one that Roland was accustomed to use, but until the arrival of tbe police the household was in a state of considerable alarm. Enfield was then informed of the arrest of Grantley and the escape and pursuit of Darkie as far as the Murray Mouth, where all trace o him ceased. 'You may be cure we know nothing of him and I don't believe he got beyond the river ; the saddle gives every indication of having been carried a long distance by a loose horse. It'6 sodden with water and covered with dirt ; then there was no bridle, and as yon did not find it on the tracks and there were no marks of^the reins trailing1 on the ground it must have come off in the river, which seems to prove that the rider was drowned there.' 'I don't donbt it,' replied the officer. 'Still, it is onr duty to search all likely places where he may be concealed.' A few days later the lover tore himself away and proceeded to Adelaide to meet Grantley for the purpose of assisting him in any way that an old friend, soon to become a brother, could. It is not necessary for this narrative to enter into the particulars of Grantley's examination. Immediately on his arrival he was brought before the court and remanded for farther evidence, subsequently being oom mitted for trial, but released on bail. The sessions were to be held within a few weeks and ho persistently refused to return home until the case was disposed of. Enfield saw a great difference in him since this trouble had come. He was more silent than ever and the old flashes of impatience marked hi* conduct mure frequently. Of tho crime witlf which he was charged he ecorcely spoke and he evi dently never regarded it as an offence. When he did on (location refer to it in a general way in discussing the native difficulty and the losses the squatters sustained from it — ' A great deal of the country is good,' he would S3V, 'and we shall do well ultimately if we can surmount the black trouble either by being let alone or by the Government protect ing ua. I daresay this is ou'y a spasmodic access of humanity on tho part of the autho rities. When it has worn off Che equactera may do what is right in their own eyes tor two or three years, which will be, from what I have seen, sufficiently lontj to settle the matter. I'm not justifying it, but I can't see how under our system of colonisation it is to be avoided.' When the sessions opened tho first case called waa that against the Lawns. The evi dence was strong and many thought a con viction certain: but tho jury could noc agree and ultimately brought in a verdict of 'not guilty.' The charge aeainst Grantley was not proceeded with, tbe Crown Prosecutor con sidering it useless to press it in the absence of an important witness. ' Any one might have known this would be the result, bus the officials want to giv-? you gentlemen a lesson,' said Grantley -'a legal adviser, ' and above all to show thao they do something in tbe interests of the aborigines. Briefly, it means this : whatever you do, don't be such fools ia the future as to let it get known.' Angry and soured by the ordeal through which he had passed Roland, accompanied by Enfield. started for Encounter Bay. Though at the time glad that the cusu against him bad broken down, or rather had been abandoned, he could not but feel that it would have been boefcer if it had come to trial and he had been acquitted, as must have been the case. As the matter stood, he wa3 practically at the mercy of Darkie, who might be apprehended or lniqht voluntarily surrender himself any day — of course providing for his own safety beforehand. Still, if Darkie were once safely away there would be little cause for uneasiness. Among his fraternity a broad line of distinction was drawn between giving up a comrade to save your own neck aud coining back for the purpose of doinjj ic for a reward. The latter waa a baseness unknown amrnig them. As yet he knew nothing more of Darkie than Eufield could toll him ; but he had little doubt of his arrival at tho Fishery, and supposed that the news of his whereabouts would be forthcoming there. He did not be lieve in theetoryof his drowning in the Mouth, for if he only kept his head he felt confident the Star would take him over. Most likely the fugitive was still hidden somewhere on the coash, and the dangerous task of Retting him away remained to bo carried out. This re flection made the young man grow more gloomy a3 they drew near to the bay. He was getting tired of the whole thing. En counter Bay and tbe Tatiara as well ; and felt inclined to sell out both, particularly tbe latter, and go far away up the Darling or to one of the outlying parts of New South Wales, where there was pood tenure to be had and none of the pf .-seoution of tbe squatters that seemed periodical here. Petrel would go with him to the ends of the earth as his wife, or even without his committing himself so far if he took the old people with them in Borne capacity so much did she love him. Then later eha might be his without hia name being tarnished by marriage with a convict's daughter or hia yrostieots of inheriting the old title and estate affected. Did he blush as tbc-se incipient thoughts floated through his mind? He had got beyond that already. Chapter XXVIII. — Aunt Arabella Plays Heu Trumi* Cauij. Sir Archibald Grantley, of Grantley Hall, to Miss Grantley, Encounter Bay, South Aus tralia — 'Dear Sister — I was greatly pleased to learn on receipt of your letter that my nephew Roland is so fine a young fellow and quite free from any ridiculous love entanglement. As this is the case you are quite- at liberty to inform him of my intentions regarding him 6elf. As both be and iny daughter are very young I do not urge bis return to England at present, particularly ss he is advancing his own fortunes so well in Australia. Perhaps in two or three years he will be more likely than now to commend himself to an impression able pirl. I shall give the necsEsary in structions respecting the drawing up of my will, appointing him successor to my eon, with tho proviao that he. either marries my child Elinor or como other lzidy of good lineago previous to inheriting the estate, or within a reasonable time thereafter. I confidently rely upon you to aoquaint me with tha fact if he ever, becomes engaeed or married to any woman not fulfilling the above conditions, as I muse then look elsewhere for an heir to our time-honored name and estate. — Your loving brother, ' Archibald GnANTLET.' 'Hem ! hem ! Yes 1' eaid Miss Grantley ; ' I asust take an early opportunity of acauaint ing Roland with the splendid prospects his uncle's letter unfolds to him before he sees that young person ; as, after so long an absence, one can never tell what absurdity a young man may be guilty of. Hoir to ono of the finest properties in Eugland, with possibly a title as well, and a really beautiful girl ready to fall into his arms if he choose — that is one side of the picture; a convict's penniless daughter as his bride— thuC is the other. Can a man be sane and hesitate? Emphatically, no!— and that settles the question. Now for the letter about the young person's father. I must be prt- parpd to show that if my young gentleman demands my authority ': — ' HobartTown. 'Dear Madam — In reply to your en quiries relative to the antecedents of David Cleeve, of Encounter Bay, I beg to state that a man of that name, no doubt the same from your description of his person, was, when a mere lad, only twenty-one years of age, transpartwd to this colony. The sentence was for life and the crime poaching. I understand that he was apprehended with a hare in his possession and his defence was that he had picked it up on the road-side and that he was going eouie distance out of his way to deliver it to the gamekeeper when arrested. As a great deal of poaching had been going on in the neighborhood and a qamekeeper had been shot shortly before the charge wa3 pressed to the utmosD. Young Cleeve bore an excellent character while serving his term, during part of -rliich be was assigned to me and was then allowed to leave the colony on a ticket-of- leave. l-'eeliug preati interest in him, I took the trouble to verify his statements and am thus in a position to state that the above particulars are correct. The man was certainlyconvicted ; but that be wa3 innocent of even the intention of wrong there can be little doubt, though I fear is is quite too late now to establish his in nocence, which, I presume, is your kind motive in making th« enquinea contained in your favor ot the 7 th insc— I am, madam, yours faithfully, 'John Geote. ' Miss Grantley, Encounter Bay.' ' It would, perhaps, have been more to the point if I had only received the bald facta from Mr. Grote without all this unnecessary information as to the man's possible innocence. I tear I must have expressed rayself clumsily since I evidently conveyed the impression that I made tbe enquiries in the interests of Mr. Cieevo. Well, perhaps ib is better so, or my correspondent] might have declined to answer at all, as ne is certainly prejudiced in favor of tne convict. After all, ic is scarcely likely to matter in the least. I have only to say I Ijosseas absolute proof that the is the daughter of ' an old lag,' and possibly to read over tbe bare facta, in order to satisfy a man whose mind ia already in doubt.' From the preceding abstracts and selfcom munings it will be Been that Miss Grantley had been laying ber plans with much care and skill, and that poor Petrel's chances of retain ing her lover againet the machinations of eo formidable an antagonise were not bright. She knew nothing of »U this, however, and trusted on. The man bhe dreaded was gone ; Roland was free and was coming home to her ; what had she to doubt from one to true 'i bhe had been afraid to write-in case the letter might be opened before be was allowed to Bee ic ; no, it was better to wait and tell him the whole story, sitting on the old rock with his arms round her. Mies Maria, too, was waiting, with perhaps more patience, for the arrival of her brother. She was in a flutter about what he would say of her love affair. Not that he would be likely to object ; indeed, there was nothing to which he could object. James Enfield was his friend and a gentleman, fairly endowed with this world's goods and with excellent prospects. Then, again, she was quite of mature age and noc in a position to f]y at too high game, if there were high game within her reach, which was nob the case. Altogether, she concluded that ehe had done very well, and she did not want her brother to make any difficulty. Whether he did or not, she meant to marry the only man who had ever asked her ; though, of coarse, it would be pleasanter on every account to have the approval of the only male relative she had in tha colony. Having thought it all out she was quite pre pared when the friends arrived to act the gushing, affectionate sister ; not that she did not love her brother, but ehe may well ba for given for thinking more of herself at this momentous period of life. She could see at once that Roland had changed considerably ; always undemonstrative and self-contained, he was now almost taciturn. Still, she was pleased by the kind greeting he gave ber. Apparently he was gratified by tbe loving welcome offered him, as most men who had just passed through such an unpleasant ex perience would be. ' Say yon congratulate me, Roily ; I have been so longing for your good wishes,' sbe whispered. 'Then yoa have them most heartily, sister mine. You have got a really good fellow, better than you deserve ; but it be does not think so it's all right, and of course he doesn't. When is the happy event to come off ''.' 'Oh! dear Roily, we could not possibly fix that without your approval first' ' Now, you little humbug, you know that you would have had him with or without my approbation,' he retorted in a quizzical tone. ' Kut never mind about that, you have my fervent blflsainpr on the top of my fraternal consent. The beloved Jem has pressed for an early day, whiuh suits my erratic movements. So hide your maiden blushes in the intricacies of the marriage robes and hurry them along. I can't spare more than a month if I am to be present to perform the important function of giving you away — quite a hollow form, my dear, for yon certainly have done that without my assistance already.' Of course the bathtul virgin, at a subsequent interview with her lover, made many objec tions to the shortness of the time and the un reasonableness of her masterful brother. In her inmost heart she was delighted an th« stand that Roland had taken. There waa nothing to be gained by delay in thatout ofthe way place ; no presents, no prand weddiup, no church, no bridesmaids, no anything. Nono of the glory eo deaf to all women who sacrifice themselves to the ogre, roan, was to be hers. Whv, then, delay the sacrifice 1 While the lorers were arriving at this inevitable conclusion Miss Grantley had eo successfully manuw vred that hpr nephew found his intention of escaping to Petrel frustrated at the last moment. ' I have a most important communication,' she said, ' to make to you ; it comes from your uncle. Sir Archibald. One which ougho to have been made before, but for your ab sence.' Then the good lady proceeded to elaborate tho advantages of the offer she submitted — rank, possibly a title in the long Tun, wealth, an.1 a fine lanced estate, with a beautiful girl —a lady born and bred— waiting to be wooed and won. AH this was within his reach. 'Is the girl an absolute condition?' _ be asked ; ' because, if so, it may never be mine. I will not sell myself for all the good thinpj you have ?o cleverly and clearly enumerated.' 'No,' she replied deliberately, 'your uncle says that he will never impose his daughter upon an unwilling husband, but the principal Sortion of the money eoea with her and it is is great desire that tbe money and the land should go together, so that she may continue to live in her old home.' ' But there is a proviso of some kind, most diplomatic of negotiators — chat I can eee very plainly. Am I 60 know at this stage what it is V The lady looked in his calm face and pre pared herself for the struggle. ' Yes, nephew, there is a condition ; bat it is one than I cannot think you, with a due sense of the importance oE your family, can consider other than moat proper. It is that you form no matrimonial connection with any but a lady of good lineage and of untarnished reputation.' 'Quite a hard problem to solve. What is to be considered good lineage and reputation in a colony like this? and who is to be the judge? You, I suppose, as my uncle's agent?' be replied, the tremor in his voice showing that he understood her hidden meaning. 'Yes,' ebe said coldly, 'I am to bathe judge ; but the problem is not difficult of solu tion since Sir Archibald has defined his inten tions iu tbe following sentence: — 'No woman who is descended from or connected with any one having the convict stain.'' 'And what has that to do with me?' he asked quickly. 'I hope aud trust, nothing ; but we have fenced the question lobg enough. The young person you are, or rather were (for, when you have heard all I have to eay, I hope you will ceaae to visit her), going to see is intimately conufoted with people bearing- that stain.' 'You have either said too much or not enough,' he exclaimed, his dreamy eyes flash ing now. ' Say od, if you have any more devil's work to do.' 'Petrel Cleeve is the daughter of a convict under a life-sentence in Van Diemen's Land.' ' How know you this?' ' From a sure source — a man to whom he was assigned during the latter portion of the period be served before he received his tickec-of- leave.' 'Well, Aunt Grantley, your hook is well baited, and, as you are well aware, you play upon strings when you play upon my pride. Probably you will succeed, for I am not made of stern enough or good enough, metal to fiing your temptations aud bribes to hell, as I ought to do, aud think only of my duty to the girl who as far tran scends in real worth you and the whole family of Grantleys as the eun doea the light o£ the candle ; but, remember, your success will be coupled with my inextinguishable hatred.' ' Fiddle-de-dee, nephew !' she replied, rising ; ' when you have thought this all over quietiy you will recognise that the only thing for you is to honorably meet your uncle's wishes. Of course, you have been extremely foolish in paying thao young person auy serious attentions. I did not, however, sup pose that you attributed such an accumulation ol virtue3 to her.' ' Do not talk about honor when you are engaged in so despicable a piece of work !' he hoGly retorted. ' What has my uncle ever don« for me and mine ? He let us struggle on in the old world and die or make our way as we best could in the new ; then when lie wants an heir he thinks of me when I have sur mounted the grefttei-t difficulties and can carve my own way. While she — why, to her I owe say life certainly once, and perhaps both life and honor a second time.' ' I presume you refer to the random shot at the Murray Mouth as the first occasion,'' she observed with perfect composure ; 'buo when was the second '.'' ''If you cannot guess I will not explain,' he said sullenly ; ' but where or how has the supposed witness against me disappeared, do you suppose ':'' ' Oh ! I understand ! Why, drowned in the river, no doubt. I don't attribute heroic actions or extraordinary deeds to young girls without somu reason. To be quite serious, you owe Mr. Cleeve far too much to tririe with his daughter. Cease to visit there and she will marry the man who is courting her. A very fitting match by-the-bye.' This was a last dart, and it went home ; with a bsowI ou his face Rolf-nd passed ouo and baaged the door after him. Joan met him at tbe gate with an idea of a sisterly walk and chat, but he shook her off and strode on. Should he go down to the Fishery and get to the bottom of that insinuation of his aunt that Petrel was not true ? Ye?, and if the fellow was there he would turn round and leave her for ever. An hour ago he should have scouted the report as the wildest non tense ; tbe idea that his Petrel could dream of anyone else, could entertain one thought apart from him was too ridiculous. But, exasperated by the interview with Miss Grantley, he was ready to believe anything or do her any injustice. Still angry and dis trustful he approached the cottage, and there by the door stood tho form he knew bo well. Was she watching for him or that other V Away with the injurious, unworthy thought. She recognises the only footstep in the world for her and with a cry of joy comes flying to meet him. '? Oh, Roland, my darling, you are here at lost .'' clinging to him in all the fulness of her perfect, trusting love. Could he doubt with ber dear arms around him and her head upon his breast? No, the evil thoughts and tempta tions were forgotten ; he only remembered that he owed her so much and loved her eo dearly. The first ecstasy of their meeting over she desired him to go into the bouse to see the HeadmaD, who welcomed him with all his old hearty cordiality. Auntie, too, bustled round to provide some nice things to eat and drink, as if he had never known the luxury of satisfy ing his appetite since leaving them. Sitting beside Petrel he talked with the old people in his old cheery manner. Mr. Cleeve listened with delight to tbe news of the capital. There was, however, by oommonconsent, no mentionof Darkie ; that scory was left for Petrel to telL Soon he was outside with her, sitting: on the rocky seat, hearing the tale in which she had played eo conspicuous a part In her sweet gentle voice she told what she had done, making light of it and magnifying the assis tance others had tendered—dear old dad's ad vice and encouragement, and autie'a com panionship and active sympathy. Holding her close a3 he listened the young man's eyes grew moist- and when he spoke his tones were full of grateful tenderness. ' She had saved him from a great peril, per haps even to his life, for the second time, and he could never repay it. She waa the best and bravest of girls that ever lived' — here a little hand stopped his mouth — 'and he would love' — here it was withdrawn — 'her more and more all his life long.' Full of happiness and contentment she parted from him at the door to seek ber bed and dream of her paragon of men, come back to her as true as ever and more loved than ever, if that were possible. As for him, he strode home with an elated step, proud of the love of such a woman, of her beauty, of her courage, of her devotion. It waa impossible to be in sensible to such attributes ; he felt elevated by the mere contract with her and had no room for any thoughts but of what she had doneand how lovely she was as she lay in his. arms and told her tale eo simply and modestly,' as if it were an ordinary thing. . He loved her and trod on air as he thought what a prize he had won in her. Who of earth's daughters would have dared euch a splendid deed in the darkness of night? A thing that must not be knowD, that would carry no honor with it, that on the contrary might entail trouble, even punishment and disgrace. Yet ehe had un dertaken all this, ay, even risked her good name, for the sake of the man she loved. Forced back by the storm, the intrepid little heart had dared the passage again. He would never forget it as long as life lasted— never ! Asseverating these words as he lay down to sleep Roland dreamed that Petrel and Ming Grantley were pulling him in different direc tions, to tbe imminent hazard of the disloca tion of his limbs ; and he waa much concerned to see that the older lady was gradually draw'- * ing him away. Chapter XXIX.— Love and Piude. For weeks after young Grantley's return and the events recorded everything proceeded ? very quietly at Talkie. Miss Grantley re- j Jbrred no more to the subject she had so- much at heart. She felt it would be impolitic, even impossible, to further attempt to drive : her nephew to break oil his intercourse with the Cleeve family. On his pars he was glad to - dismiss such an unpleasant subject from his'j mind as the desirableness of giviDg up the girl-i in whom he found euch delight. He spent) nearly every evening with her, only returning to Talkie late at night, regardless of that gloomy looks or frowns of his relatives. Petrel was supremely happy ; she would 1 have asked nothing more than that this state of things might last for ever. Tho Headman, - seeing his daughter so joyful, could not bring ? himself to interfere by demanding an explana tion from Roland. He thought he might leave it to the young people to settle and let things drift on. Yet he felt much uneasiness,^ for ho knew evil tongues were busy — how eeo; in motion it was impossible to discover — vritkt his daughter's name and young Grantleye. . He was well aware that Koland'a relatives, ? especially Miss Grantley, strongly dis-j approved of his attentions to Petrel ;j auntie had even been warned by zealous-^ female acquaintances to guard her niece-i from tho immoral addresses to which she was1 exposed ; that no gocd could result from such 'pamgaon,' thati her character was already ' suffering, and very much more to the same purpose. For a time Mr. Cleeve dismissed these ? whisperings as the worthless, idle Blander of ' eld women's gossip ; but now they began to trouble him. Roland Grantley's station in the Tatiara die- : trict was claiming his attention all this time. . Daring bis enforced absence Floss Gilford bad undertaken the supervision ; now tbe busy - period was cominr on and it became iinpera- 1 tive that he should personally attend to his own interests. Gifford also was desirous of a change — not that his physical health was Buf fering, but he began to think that he was en- . titled to a share in the love-making going on at Encounter Bay. He had seen much of charm ing Joan and desired to see a good deal more of her ; but fate seemed t» be against him. While 'those two fellows' were ? away in Sydney be was not too busy to make frequent visits to Talkie on various pretexts, flimsy or otherwise. Almost immediately af Ber their return, however, he was dispatched with the sheep to the Tatiara, leaving 'that lucky beggar Enfield' to be petted and feasted back to health. ' Confound it,' he almost wished tbe niggers would put a spear into him just sufficiently to make him an interesting invalid, 1 not through his back, as poor old Jern got ie, / but into his arm, where Joan might dress is ? while she sympathised over the pain she in voluntarily caused. Riding aboub the run with euch thoughts occupying his mind he came to the conclusion that he was a very ill-used fellow and he'd be hanged if he would stand it long. The natives were now giving comparatively little trouble, , the fact being that their number of fighting men was greatly reduced, the residue realising that spears and waddies had no chance with the stranger's powder and ball — as well they might, after the fatal results to them of the several trials of strength with the whiteB. Occasionally a hut was robbed or a sheep stolen, but the wholesale carrying off of flocks bad been effectually put down. To state it plainly, the wiping-out process had fairly begun. Alcohol, different food and manner of life, combined with the loathsome diseases which the white man spreads quite as impartially and widely as he does his gospel or civilisation, would soon do the rest. Not that these reflections materially troubled Gifford's repose more than that of tbe ocher colonists. Still, he would have been glad, in a casual sort of way, if the station in which be was in terested could have been established without the destruction of 'those poor devils,' just as many squatters have wished since. Howevet it was no use grizzling about it; 'they had got to go under,' and no one could charge him with unkiudness tothefew left to dwindle away. Ho gave them many old sheep and the offal of those slaughtered fcr the use of tho station. In bringing about this eeneral pacification he had borne his part like a man and baen lucky in escaping any ugly consequences — like those into which Grantley had dropped. That unpleasant business being happily over and Enfield worked off. he thought Roland might come and relieve him. He would then go np to Talkie and pee pretty Joan. Even if sbe did not smile upon him in the way he hoped, it would be a chanfre from the everlasting sheep and shepherds. What a delight to feel he could go to sleep without anticipating every moment being waked up and told eo-and-sf had lost half hi» fiock. 'Hulloa! What's up now, yon grinning black baboon ?' 'That one white fellow ole Jemmy losem plenty jumbuck !' 'Now, may all the devils in the bottomless pit take white fellow old Jemmy and you too, you messenger of eviL I'll clear out without waiting for him, if Grantley doesn'a come soon !' exclaimed the exasperated Gifford. ' A man no sooner begins to think of a pretty f ace and gets into a, pleasant train ol thoughts than be is rudely brought back to the dull old grind by an aboriginal smudge of smut, only bearing some resemblance to a human countenance because it had two rowBof ghastly white teeth in the middle of it' The black smudge in this case wag one of the local natives taken into the service of the station proprietors, as was a very general custom in the case of the young of both sexes, the squatter thus obtaining cheap Labor and transforming^ probable future source of danger into an immediate benefit. Leaving Floss Gilford, however, to search for his lost sheep, v/e will return to Talkie to the ringing of marriage bells, yet not quitct that, for bells there were few in those early days and not many churches to bang them on. For all that people got married and the knot was tied fast enough, as each and all no doubt soon found when they had occasion to look into the matter. (To be continued. J 