ABOUT SUICIDES. " If you attempt, desperately, and un gratefully, and impiously, and fraudu lently attempt, to drown yourself, ior hang yourself, I'll have no pity on'you, for I have made up my mind to lrit all suicide Down." Thus Alderman 'Cte in " The Chimes," one of the most relight ful of Dickens's Christmas stories. Suicide was, of course, only one of the many things which the worthy Alderman had determined to Put Down. The list included "boys with out shoes anat stockings," " wandering mothers, with babies;" "all young mothers, of all sorts and kinds;" "all sick persons and young children." etc. But above and before all these nuisances, the good man placed suicide. "If there is one thing," said the Alderman with his satisfied smile, "' on which I can -be said to have made up my mind mnore than another, it is-to put Suicide Down. So don't try it on." An unhappy being who, worn o_? ?g..Ijt~ j onisanmg?truggle againstcruel fortune,despondent and hope less, had attem tdoteak~iie own life, was recently sent to gaol for three mouths. The ft8t:xaes-r-toprtggest thht? - the Chief Justice, Sir John Madden, w.io passed the sentence, is quite as determined as Alderman Cute to Put Djwn suicide. Men. lbok on approvingly and say. "It's a very proper thing. Suicide must be Put D wn ". How? Well, as Haminlt rsmarke':'at'a critical point in his soliloquy on the same subject, "That fis the question!" Plainly the subjeqct'is double-sided. There is the social4-i.e the State aspect of it, and there is the reliuious. With the latter a Supreme Court judge has little to do. His duty is.toadminister human law, and the. Legislature: has de-. _sared attemo i elf-muirder to b crime meritin hment. Not however, enti.accoaJ pised. Rat hier;7does umercy largely: se ison the exercise of earthly power in such cases. Seldom does an offender go beyond. a court of the first instance. Z Usage is kinder than the law. The ui?aistrate having satisfied himself that th' acosiied is repentant, and that friends are prepared to look after him, says a few words of sympathetic admonition, addl ' sends him back to "make the best of both worlds." Or, finding that tle: degree of insanity, of which the tendcicy-to suicide is usually a symptom, is such as renders: the course ne:essary, he commits his poor, broken. down brother man to a suitable asylum. George Westhorpe was exceptionally treated on being committed for trial.; He was yet tioi'se eeceptiohilly dealt with, after pleading guilty, in being sent to gaol, there to try to learnn the lesson set him by the Chief Justice-" that respon sibilities and troubles were sent upon people to--teach- them' to cultivate what was one of the nobler parts of maan, en- I durance under afflictio."' Poor Wes thorpe ! One mnight'itingine thr.t in.his fifty years of life h ilrerndy lesarnied as much of that lesson as ho was ever likely to assimilate. Yet not well enough had he learned it, appears to Lasve; beez tho:jiudicial idea.. To brand1 hid as+ a crixinal, to herd himn with thieves and vagabonds, with men who hrd- deceived and robbed their fe'lows, svith: brutal footpads and child violatrs--tlthis presuumbliv is held to be a gold way of iipressiug the lesson on his memory. His -Honor will oardop us a suspicion that the sense ofdisgnmce which this dteiidt " iaid honest, thounch weak, antun -'must now feel niar, when lhe ;,smerges front a felon?a cell, operate on " his imind as an additional motive to suicide. Tife learvned judge admitted that the man's ofience was induced " without his having the de sire to inju5r anyone else," and then di lated upon the interest the State had in discouraging-moral cowardice. So it has in discouragiiug lies (political and other). unchastit.,:and: all uncharitableness-ali that is unlovely in the human character. The interest of the State is undoubted, but how does it codii uore than nominally into question in a case of attempted suicide ? .,. "I do nof'believe" "temnarks a recent writer on`' thi subject. " that any 1man was ever deterred from suicide by the re flection that it da a felony." Given the state of iiiidid ini which ia man seriously attempts his own life, what human penalty can he possibly fear ? Besides, as Mr W. S. Lilley asks in the current number of the "Contemuporary Re view," what is the trit rationale of punishment - It i is first vindictive. "The pite'i account of punishmeont." says Mr Lilley;: "is. that it is correla tive of culpability." If a man lhas ino desire to injure anyone ,alse. in what does his culpability consist ? The Chief Jus tice furnishes the answer. Westhorpe has a wife and three children dependent upon him. " Instead of seeking to carry out your responsibility," said the judge, '"you deprived them of their bread winner and the comfort of your experience and knowledge of the world." Apart from the fact that this is precisely what for three months the law has now done, it seems a sound reason why the man ought to have been prosecuted for attempted desertion of-his family, and required to find sureties that lie would non leave thed?a either by the avenue of sticide or any othey., Possibly the sureties would hanve been fortlheo~inig had they becn asked for. : On tihe ethics of sucaide hoa, uinicli hias been said znd written ! Last year iMr Willinam Archer conltribtited to iaun' inter esting dcusnsion o, the siaubjact in the " Westminster GCazctte." He boldly pronou nces ngniast "minedieval superstition against self-eflacmnatnt" as " a ghost which ges gibbering thlrough tlhe world and the iewspaperl s ar itla no real vitality in it, ndl declares his iinability to fdld a praliilbition against suicide in.scripture." This though Hamleor, apparently on somen authority, says tl-at the Ever?asting has '" fixed his.caunoi against self-slaughter." or ArclhSB;Wifeltogehipr dreadful persoin. ?n Mtd~Wi'n:?the S~ate "; pro ride thell man who was tired of life with a plance and mechanism for psitting his body awray in a decent and self- respecting fashion." Nothing more creepy cotuld be imagnined--except it 'o, that extra ordinary suicide stoiy tohld by Cosldion ]?ernahan? inlahisi,":fBool of Strange The lslils lSnitation, is' finely put in Dr'den's Don' Sebastian, wi'ich Mr Archer ilJ~es, telabeit t?at the casuist 'finds a sa'raf ed interpretstiona for the last two linoe Eere. lare th --poet's noble words :- -" " Death msyht.'Cal!hl n vail aniy cannot come, Nor ies a eraiiu privilege to die. Brutes and Ctosaindiht discharge their souls, Asd gav?fi',f clough for aaothaser-world ; Bat we, like senitries, are obliged to stasd In atarleiW'h.siuhst, and: wait uihe appointed hlour, There is the line of duty mnarked out clear and'truem.':CBut what says the shade ol Dryden to hgiving a manls three months' gaol hecauso the poor battered spirit grew 'weak enoiunhl to imagine that the ' "appoiinted tiesi had actually arrived ? When L XII.wad' elected Pope msnay prsons ,Sild he could noe live a year so dehl. oanto was Xo. Ii aplaearanse. Buat Fra An. tono .arbiali (slwo dies three years ago) said : "Nothanag hf she sort. Leo wall'live and relgn as Pope for twenty years." Lately, it is said,- tlii Popse observed to his dO:tolr thit he must tell him frankly ,hlow long he.'thought lie conuld.live. ?ileTie doctor replted, "Holy fathi?r,'. If naothing particular occurs, yoe'. mLa certainly live sno:hor fileysars.' ?.,BaFvo years 1" ex. clalmeal Leo 2III., "i ravo I I shall then bo88,jnst the ase atwhich a good Fraa. esoasa monk prophesied I should die." Such is tle anlecdote related by a French revsel pubeishedl by thleFrancDscan monks at Mon ,real, Canada. 