CATHOLIC DOCTRINE AND PAPAL DOGMA: FOR GIVENESS AND ABSOLUTION, The Rev. S. Bryant's fourth discourse dealt with the doctrine of forgiveness, and the dogma of absolution, and was based upon Luke v. 21. The subject was introduced by an exposition of Christ's healing the paralytic, and the incredulous question, ' Who can forgivo ems, but God alone ?' When any man or any society claimed the prerogative of absolving men from thoir sins, a searching enquiry should be instituted, tor either It was a case of blasphemy, or Chose who domed the claim were refus ing God's gift. The great problem of religion was, how to be rid of sin. Apart from a special revelation men had been consci ous of guilt, but they had failed to pro vide any satisfactory means of escape. Holy Scripture revealed Redemption by the sacrifice of Jesus Christ : it pro claimed God as 'just and the justifier of him chat believeth in Jesus.' Under the law a penitent Jew brought his sacrifice to the priest that he might be forgiven ; but even then every one had therightof approach to the Most High in person. Under ' grace' priest-hood, as a class distinction, was abolished. The New Testament only recognised two forms of priest-hood : the high priest hood of Jesus Christ, who was at the same time priest and victim ; and the priest-hood of all believers, according to the words of St. Peter, written to Christians in general, ' Ye are a holy priest-hood — a royal priest-hood.' Be sides this two fold priesthood the New Testament knew of no other. The way of pardon and absolution, according to Christ and His Apostles, was by confes sing sin to God, and trusting in the merits of Christ, without human inter vention. ' If we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unright eousness.' The Church of Borne taught that God forgave the repentant sinner for Christ's sake ; but it required that the confession be made to a priest, who was empowered to absolve the sinner. The teaching of the Church was that by baptism one was made a Christian, and sins after baptism must be absolved by a priest. That, the preacher contended, was not authorised by the New Testament ; was opposed to the spirit and toaching of Christ and the apostles ; was perilous to souls, and a hinderance to liberty and piety. Much stress was laid upon James v. 16. 'Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed.' That was no war rant for auricular confession to a priest ; it enjoined mutual confession and mutual prayer ; a fellowship of contri tion and supplication. Neither in that passage, now in any other part of the Ifew Testament, was confession to a priest, as a condition of pardon, hinted at, much less enjoined. Some of the greatest R. C. divines had admitted that we could not certainly affirm sac ramental confession to have been meant or spoken of in that place. A distin guished prelate had said upon this text, 'It might appear astonishing were it not notorious that on this passage is built the Romanish doctrine of the nec essity of confessing sins to a priest.' Another proof text was the remark able and profound saying of Jesus, after his resurrection, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost : whosoever sins ye forgive, they are forgiven unto them ; whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained.' A sacred and awful power was entrusted to a true Christian ecclesia ; its acts done by the inspiration of the divine spirit had Christ's sanction. But this trust was committed to the assembled disciples, not to the apostles only. If it had been entrusted to the apostles alone, there was no proof that they wero empowered to transmit it to others, or that it would be renewed after their decease. Even if that power had been given, tho Papal hierarchy could not make good its claim to ex clusive apostolio*l succession. Either 'of these ifs was an effectual bar to Papal absolution. Allied to that text was tho famous passage, Al&tt.; xvi. 19. ' the power of the keys.' Mr. Bryant here quoted from a distinguished Anglican divine, tho following paragraph, ' Peter was qualified to bo a scribe instructed into the kingdom of heaven, and now tho key was given to him as the token of his admiskion to that office. It made him not a priest, but a teacher and interpreter. The bindiag and loosing were the formal confirmation in words of that symbolic act. For they belong to the scribe's office and not to the priests, and express an ontirely different thought from that of retaining and forgiving wins. The power of the keys was not sacerdotal, but belonged to the office of a scribe or teacher. The claims of the Church of Rome rest, such as they are, on the greatness of her history, on her association with the Imperial City, on the work done by her as the light of the wide west in ages of darkness, on the imposing aspect of her imagined unity; but to build them upon tho promise to Peter is but the idlest of fantastic dreams, fit only to find fts place in that Limbo of vanities which contains, among otkor abortive o' morbed growths, the monstrosities of interpretation.' The New Testament taught that there fs One Mediator as there is one God. In the Gospel a way was opened by the bigh priesthood of JesuB Christ, for every penitent to come directly to the throne of God's grace. Whoever permitted a man, whatever his office, to come between him and God permitted himself; to be led into anti-Christian bondage. Confession of Bin was a common and salutary practice. In the early Churches a backslider made full and open confession prior to being re stored to fellowship. The mischief of open, detailed, confessions, led to their being relegated to a private hearing. The minister of the congregation would often be the wise and sympathetic counsellor of penitents ; aud so this salutary practice of the early Christians grew through, the perversity of ecclesiastical aggression during centur ies into the dogma of auricular confess ion and priestly- absolution. ' Marvel lous perversity of acute brains and worthy sentiment, showing only how steep is the way of error, and how for Christian as for Jew the danger of tradition is perilous indeed.' The preacher went onto say, that the confessional was a strong hold of Papal power. He had no sympathy with the tactics of those controversialists who raked up prurient quotations from the literature of the confessional, and adduced shocking instances of the pro stitution of a sacred office to atrocious ends. The best cause might be defamed by the weakness or hypocrisy of its agents. Yet it was necessary to ask whether these rites had tended to raise private virtue and public morality above the average standard of those whom Roman Catholics called heretics. The Papal authorities could not make that their boast. Itdidseemto those whose minds were free from a Papal bias, a perilous thing to expoBe virgin innocence, and family confidence to the naked eyes of a ConfesBor, who though a prieBt is still a man, and who per chance had no special fitness for so delicate a trust. It seemed a sad necessity that his mind should be burdened with the intimate knowledge of moral delinquencies such as no realistic author would be allowed to print. It was a serious thing to encour age the belief that an official of the Church could give what God alone could grant ; or to allow one to hope that his priest could absolve him, with out any strenuous effort to avoid sin in future. If the priest's authority to grant absolution were not certain, it was perilous that he should come between God and a penitent soul, or that he should demand a place in the forum conscientice, not as an advocate but as a judge! It became every man who doubted that right to eject such intrusion without ceremony. Through the Confessional the Papal power, with its religious orders, rules, agencies and persistency, was a for midable force in Society, which adapt ed itself to every situation, and subor dinated everything to the one aim, of making an Italian oeclesiastic the world's dictator. It was making its presence known in these new countries, and needed to be watched with sleepless vigilance, and to be held in check by righteous restraints ; to be fairly met in intelligent controversy ; lest it should grow upon the shoulders of these young states, and only be got rid of at last by a supreme effort, which was for the individual, martyrdom, and for the state, revolution. The discourse was conoluded by an appeal to all to confess their sins to God, and seek Him for pardon, which He would grant to all freely and abundantly. 