-? WOVELs;'' .-? ? ' THE. COLONEL, \- snr 'e&ZRY; WillflRD fbefce, CHAPTER Y (Oosmsum) . ??* Members ol tho OH; -Contary; oar ' provident tt'clcamod upon: tlio. groat World's i y to go, that night, tho greatest prima donna i . in iill tlio world of song, and lio should- havo weloiimed licr to-Higlit.' . Colonel Treutou \rua obliged to pauoo for a . . inomont, as tlio president liad auddonly tumcd and gmspod tlio LandofMllo. Soar Julti, jilniiily evincioj? hia'coniploto surprise, uud tlic greot luill mii£ wllli tlio opplnuso of „uio (jucsin. . «iicu » «uisi:ca, co coatiuuou, !A'I'iila who slu'tild bavo itiveu voico to tlio ? thrilliiijj all our liearlo. . But, .v^i-lio lion nppoiutod'mo iuctoad, I cay to -3, Mile. Siurliitti, Ihnt 1 li'ivo tho honor uid joy of opening our hearts and halls to bid you . T.'eloo'uio. ' Divn of 'Bony, wo v?oU .I'.omoyou to America. Ad tiio tv.'o delepaleo of tho Old Century ^reeled, tbat aij;htin l'lorenco, tho littlo unknown cignorina, tho i'Utiro club ibej, now, to ostend its greetinga 'to the wido world's ftworito);Qoddc3a of ofGiiohi l tlllo. So:\rlatti !' .'' \- Wiien bo eoiDd bo beard, tbo president . xoso and replied, — _ . ? VAt tbo request of our {juo3t I nm to cay . that --be(iiid8 bcrself aijaiu only tbo frightened I little ti;tcon':-:i of Florence, but that, if oho cuu gather eour.iOTnud tbo ilub iviil acoopt it un hor won! of tbnnfco, for tho cordial wel come pho receives, after dinner /dio will :'in[ to u5 thai ? Gondolio'a Salute.1 ?' Only lo thiul; that I hr.vo uoverbuowu to wbom l n-as indebted for all that I havo cu \- vonipliffbrd ' Mllo. Scarlatti said, carneatle, na oonvorsatiotf began. _ ' ' Iudobted I' oselnimed tbo president. ! '.'What, would our little cidu-piay havo cniouuted to if you had uot tho iMnijia youf '.:X'3md eiitiroly forgotten tho iuoident, oDd Oolonol Treutou would havo forgotten, only tlmt lio . never forgota nuythiuu. It you obould npealr of ? [JtaUtutlo to biia you uould ; offend him;': - ' , . ? ' ; ' What n .pooullarmnn ho la I' ca!d tbo ^priiniv donna. 'Ono ia almost tsiiipted to tbinlc that bo liuovya ovory Ihinff.* 1 Ho ia peculiar, nnd J nm not oiiro tbat bo dots not (mow ovory thing,' tho 'president re plied, with n Rtnilo. II lie. Scarlatti, botrovcr, wio Eoriously incarnost, nod continued, — ' ' If !mOwli!d&o; is power, ho wuntbo u vory Btronc fiieud nuda diaagreeablo enemy.' ' ' Ho might bo, madomoiEelle, but, alaj, ho cbowa bin strenj^h in euch u quiet way that j holilmsolf covor dronnis tbat hi- pcaSeflsca it. *Ho is tv rnau of jjrand idca«, but what ho does ho must do without tho world's linomledgo. . ,'1'bo raomont. thatpnblio uttention isjittrauteJ ! to bim and bo rcalizo3thofa0t,'bodi2appcarrf. Last year hojvas. nominated for governor. 'Ho deolined. Ho WM clootcd president of i.this olnb Hq deoliqed. Why? Simply j becnuto bo will not drinlc. wine, but did not think it just to tlin_ other inomboro tbat ho I obould proelaitn bia principled . by having ! Bomo ono dso ctort tbo Booial oup.' \ i Ho. will not driiiU vtino, you fjy ?' Mllo.' i Scarlatti asbed, looking up in surprise. lKy dear mademoissllo, wo aro not Ht;o European?,' you jtuow. I cm sorry if tbat : fact lowers py friend in your oatimatioD. It raises him . immeasurably, iu mine, though I um not strong enough to folloi? b'ia example. It ia o faot, I nsauro you, that tiiero io not argument, lovo, or money enough in all the world to . teibpt. that' mau -to lift to his lip* this littlo glass of-wino. But be irtoo broad ? in hia thoughts, too largo in his heart', too .oharitublo .iu his opinions. Ho will nover ttialio tho groat man that ho would i( ho woro 0 narrower man.' . ? . ! - OHAJPTERVI. . 'You dun- 1 mind if; I tell a particular fneud of mino— as a , positivo Booret, you don't mind if I tell that you wrote thoso o-liclen.doyou, Samf'..1 Joo said; iu o ouri ouflr. pleading vioy, after dinner tho follow ing Friday.- , /AVbat articlov JooF the colonol nalred, languidly dragging himself boot from some where far nxvoy. ?.- , ' Now, Bam, what^s tho uaof Joo os« claimed, petulantly, ,: f You Unow* perfcotly. u-oll. ? vl mean i thoso thinga' :oa t practical reform.' ; ' Tho colonel moved upon tho eofa. . . It was liarily penjeptiblc, and Jo? was looking tho other way, but ? thojro was enough whioh caught hia oyo' to.convinco him that tho 1 oloiiel was about to.givo bim-u very docldod ' No. ' To prevent it he at onco continued, ' Now don tr: le stuffy, Sam. Thoy wore uotbinfr- co very wonderful ; 1 only .this par ticular friend of mino .lmppenod.to liko them nnd ordered mo outright to say who wrote them.* '.Ho» came yon in »uci i delicate position, Joo}' tbo colonel nabei.- - . * I toll you, Sum. it »'»- fault * of mino. i Thin fnu'nd picla-d up 'in idea from thom; I ?Kid -tviieii 1 heard ii my fate tbowed that ! Hiiew fo.'iiethini; nliont ibem. ? The nost I 'iner/ I i..!3 charged with' having written Ibem. ' I /'it my.'.-!! out- of that in. quieli time, bill i.uiv ibu -.n!y thing left me is to tell v.-!to did * v i . t o ibem. I thought I would ' -c'' % ;Us::t,c!;d to-dweui c j frotnc io-==a' ? * I doubt ii, Joe,1 Cuo co!cn:l intbr/upte^, OrtU'a laugh. . . .v ?But v.Ujt i£ Xc'uoald, Gr.aC' ' ?Well; ? f; . , . ' 'on y/oiUd cot O-iy '.Boo i' ao? joa eaoo ' Thai b pwclsely why 5 co »nr» ol job. joo.'- , ... 4 How lool: hero, Sanj, that may bo logic, but it will not worlt. I havo got myaelf into ' bos, and it is ouly -noasonelofll' folly that piovonts you from lotting mo'gi-t iay«elf out »(;iiiu. ..Idld not- try to discover who wrote thom. I did nut moan to betray tb#, lact that 1 know.'' But lbo ciwrot'ia out, arid. I oball ho tormented fill ! om'forccd to fell all I Lgoiv. It'af jujj! horoy Sah» . tbojo artiiijes wero tbo foundation, of tho wbolo schema of ^hio ' Nor^. Idea.'- So help tne—™* ' Soioph— ?' -....? ' I didn't cay anything, Beml«* . . ' Fou said enough to mabdeto- flaxloaa to Unowif y^unro ouro,'. odded lb?' old man ? ' ? Bcmla, I am aoauro as— . ' JcEoph,; my ,pIpo iai-'oot - Will joa Irinliy givomo allghtf? ? . . ' ?Joo responded, arid tho spoil waa broken. l)r. Bomwl&U;'iiacd that it 'abould bo, know* lUEf far bottor tb6b Joo tho danger of urging Ci/lqnoV Tfcntoix by. ixuob aD argument, vpptoiaUy Ja tho pcoulliit mood io whlph bo baa beon for iho liUt xtoek, . v , I&VQia; Dr.'Bettiia had endeavored to eolvo tbo mood or diflslpatoit It waj very evident that eomotbln'^ had occurred to dfiturb ;tbo wbolo tctiorof tbo oolonol'a' uauully Impor* torbablo dUpositlon. Thp doctor wa* baffled. All that hia kechoyes coaid detect wa^tbat it ?tvno a perpetual 8trtyr$£' for Coloovl ? Tr©ii»' ton to QSQutno ;oven tbo ccoiblauc^ ofualm* uaa. . ? ? Whwn tbo pirns \7fta lighted, Colonel Tre'a tpo obsorvedj ^vioerETo and Edoa faavo.t!ieir. oo»a upoa tou. You and your ' New Idea 1 oro controlled by a woman/ ' I 4A vtomaa; Samf9. ? . 1 Yqs, q \7omfln., 4W hjV ? ifocnuao it is a good Uunrft aud bessuro you art* ao Jamb'liUo. Ifc waa in EvoV fall - that wo rcidly fell, ! ; Shn did (t, and ebo or hor doudcbtera.havo been at tbo' bottom of many an Important xnoVemont in tbo X7orId fifnoo thou ; oat they haro alwaya fo a nd«c)a3o man to aofc na busineaj ogoafc, - cat tbo apple boforo thojpublio, and ta^o tbo coude^uonce^. If ft man bad founded tbla . restaurant, - wo Bbould havo tnorrn all about Mm long ngo. Wo would bavo been psxehod upon , tbo pip* noelo of ib prosperity. Hia portrait would bavo hungm tbogrcat hall, and hia namo would bavo boon written in r jjold abovo tbo door. Thon amariwould nover havo given wcdlfe to a magasino articlo for a now idea. Tho genonras Heart of woman forcver-turno to man to toy, 4 Ton mado mo/ Ilmowlt, ooo^eo wo neodfiot diccroea It/ , 4 You'ro immensely civil) 8amy but yon aro over-catimaUng what I eaid about thoso articles. They wero tho foundation, it ia tfuo, but tbo maiQ-opriug for aotion and tbo ro4 , inspiration eamo from quito unotber Boureo/- ? . ? 4 Joo, I thlnJc better of your particular tho foundor of tho 4Kow Idca.f Givo uu tbo story, if it is interesting. Wo will fccop it a profound eocfcfc/ -? 1 I\o moro than o mind toi Bam'. Thoro vvaa an accident* , A ? bravo man. riolicd hio [ifo and c2ved: two Uvea/ Then, running a Jtill greater rial: co eavo o child, ho met big Icatb. Hia laafc wordo woro, « A child is crortb dying for/ Naturally,, tbo ono who jvaa cavcj felt a grpat obligation, and, eon* jtruing tbo fact that a child woa worth dying tor into amessago that many nho woro lyiac in poverty wero worth living for, xho.mu Idea' bccamo a reality. ? Tbat'o ill/ _ Dr. Bomb, alono bad beard tbo lnnt oi )oq o ctoiy. Colonel Trcatoa'o faco 'grov7 'traiuod atjd'whiteoDholay upon tbo cofa. Mj3 banda involuntarily clutched, cn io ?ympatby with tbo mental ctrucglo tbat wao bromg pn. Tbrov7ing bimcolf out of it with i . groat effort, ao Joo'o voico ccaecdv ho muttered.-— , ?Tho fellot? died, you cav P 4 Of oourco ho died, or \7bcro would bo tbo inspiration V ... ? Ob, yej, I Leo. And thio foundor io now your particular friend V 4Ifiay,Satu, you aro trying ? very bard to turn mo from my point/ 4 Y/hioh b— V ???.?* ; ? Tbat I may toll who— — 1 Joo V i 4 V/cUK I ? Jtb timo that you were at tho oCueo/ I n.' Oood*nigbt. . Qood-oigbt, ! iieajia, Aud, \7itb0ut enotbeir word, Joo i wcnttobionigbt'o v;ork, i Dr. Bcmiu bad been an eager but eiloat I astecer. rhore waa danger ahead, but bo I waa ctilj baGled. A half-hour boforo. when ho edited Joo to light bb pipr-, bo bnor/ tbat bo bad avoHed an nutbrcal: of como sort; ^ ifc bad 0Qly 'beon delayed, 'ith all tbo ctrcngtb of hb cupernaturul xovo ior uoioi m Trenton, ho felfc that bo must u it cover tbo danger at onco and iiud tbo i banncl of safety. For half ' an 'hour after' Joo loft them tho V, humpbac!: oat oileatly looking, into tho iro. fiicn ho puahed tbo whito hair from Ills forehtad, und with n deep ei;;h, 'Samuel, uiy pipe u out/ ? ? 1 . forgivo mol . I am very, forcet* ful, thu colouel osclaimcd, riaiug nuiuhlv fixjm -tbo tofa, i.ad bo did t:o toturuing to itd bidjug-plai o c littlo golden loehet with a brolreu '^oldou wbain, ' - r Ho tilled tbo pipo lu rilonco, &r;' tiis tioni-Iita ttero fur away ou tbodccl: ol n Imruin;r steamer, with- tho founder of tho Nov? Idea, and baofr, baok, back iuu tun,, .long ago, iu which tho accident, tbo lucliet tho magnzino nrticlci, tho Wow Id«, nil gtitliered themselves ab'out.ono and the ?timo being, and that being Joo'o partioular fricnj. Joo loved her, .or ho would not havo apoten of borts ho did. What was all thia to Colonel Tronton ? Ho cinilco bitterly ao ho ashod himself this qutstion, and leaving it unanswered, Ibrhtcd it inntch for Dr. Bomis u * 4 Stand hv nimKI. . .11 .1 ? ? ?7-'' rf . UUtilUCi, tuo old man paid, aa tbo CRjohe agoin tot 0 from tlio red cloy bowl. - ' Whioh means tbat you hnvo a lecioto tot me,', replied tho.colonel,- emiUnp. ? I havo hnowu what ira* coming, ' f,.-i iiovo' been bo quiet this evening.' ? ' ' . „? ? ' Only n ohort one, Samuel.* That ia good, Bemip. Mako It verj snort and nover forget' that- you -have promised CO. with iiio to tbo. opera to-night to hear tbo ninrvellous Scarlatti-. J would uot have you get voursell out c! tbo roooil tor tlicit, oveu if I must forego tho lecture entirely. 'I will goto the opera, Samuel.' 'Enough, Botnis.. Vour word la better than 0 bond. Let tho prooejjjoD move. I am humbly jtauding by the mautel.' ? 'You did notmeau it, Samuol, but rou wpro a littlo hard on Joseph.' Tho doc'tor spoke as gently na though he wero denlictr with a wayward cbild. ? . '.Truly, Bcmis, I- did cot mean it; and 1 hardly think Joe thought .so.' i ?There wero tcar»in bis eyes, 3amue!.' \- 'Tears 1 I did not ceo thom.' 'Wo. You woro not looblug that way to ?bight, Samuel.! ' : J.Biit, I simply said ttbat 1 havo olivayn said,— what Joo knew? in advance, that I would : qay.: No, 00,-Bcmia. You uiuct have boon nistakelK'' Joo la not a biby.'' Colonol Ttonton-Bpoko in a cltroless tone, but be was thoroughly disturbed, aud bi? friend knew it. -Determined, however, to' follow the courts he bad begun upon till he dis covered, thsoauas he sought, the old mnu replied,— :: . '.No,. Joseph is not a baby:' 1 Well, and what then, BomloF' : ' It wan not tho conversation eo much as its /effoel upon— tho woman, Joseph's .friend., which - brought the tears in hi oyoj.'.; ??'??; . 1 ? ?-. ' I prautno that yoo oro rif;ht. Man nl V70ja rrc:j3 over tronani V/anzo enpiiw tier hear! ttirongb ttor. crca fez n. .tTo? iill'tho tesra that we shed;— and whatogiilf tlicy'd fill were' tbey galborcd into ono 1— we caoh turn to Iho other and cay, Yoa mado uiu.' Thu old man sighed. , ' In (bo nature of Jhiujjo, Samuol, that whioh gives us real bappiucss-must bo tho eamo whlob, by rovereo action, caiuos us real miaery. Tub woman by. whoso genor osity Tho Now Idea has boon established has .evidently beootno.o eoursa of happiness, to Jooj. Ho suddenly discovers that tho Author of those artJofe is ao unKnowij god at whose ultar ehs. Ii woHhippiog, and tho result is uiijsry.' ? \- ' Bemis, your Binumebt ia weak. Is Joa tbo ? fool to bo co easily disturbed by j lealotiayP ' ? ? - . ... I ' Human nat wo Is 'weah, Samud,— just;] as weaB as my argument. . Bat Joseph is uot jcalons. Hoi has d generona and noblo nature. He loves her, but ho loves you too. 1 oaro' prodiot that Joioph will not coaao his importunity till eho.fenowa your namo and has met you faoa to faoo.* ' ; 1 . ' Ona man oan lead a horso to water, Bcmio, but ap army canhot mako him drink. Does Joo beliovo mo cuoh a man aa would rob ol his love?' ' Samuol, If I. woro any ono but who I am, you would bo ungcy.: But I am a oripple, utterly helpless but for you; bo I am not I afraid to Jlell you that you aro wronging Joseph, _ Tho niah who loves a woman far ! ubuvo bim, iu Josoph' would by naturo lovo, | himself sees well tho Incongruity and can' but. wondor'that sho has not' acceptod higher forms. Tho man who loves you aa Joseph loves you cannot wonder that any woman who liven should see in you much that oho might miss in him.- . IiOvo, honor, and loyally aro bohtnd 1 him, and Joseph will pct»evore.f . ' B^ruiu, that is all uon^OHEO.' ' ' 'Samuel, you' cay oo bceauso you cover—' . ? -. ; ' -. ' ®.r- B^mia'a oyea wero bent intently.apon tho coals. Ho coald not havo soeti tho sharp twiago qf pain: that shot 'across 'the coloncln forehead. Thero waa- no' othor sign, how yet tho sontenco ceased with that shadow. Tho hnmnK«nlt,« 1ir,« tiata rUll and a momont later no roso laboriously from tho arm-uhoir, paused for an instant, look-., ing tonderly into tho eyea of tbo strong man towering - abovo him, then turned nwoy. saying, ~ ' I will go dot? nnd malxo ready for tho opera.. Ho wao catlsiied. Colonel Tronton caugbthia hand, with a took in .his faco ? which 'fow had over soon ' thoro, — otrcogth and 'weakness, manhood nud helplessness. In a voico which fur tho tot timo in many years forgot the shadow of tiiaaen irony, ho said,— Oo co moro, Bcmio I - iooli into my oyc.'i again, op you did. I bavo something to toll . You know it already. You know mo oil without my tolling, und yot, of all, this ono thing you did uot know till now. Bemis, you era tlio strength of my lifo. But for you I obould long ago havo gono to— yea, to tho aovil. You alono bavo hold mo back. 2' ,n?' ? ^ thinking of tbo timo when, a helpleca cot,'I was brought homo by two vagabondo, only a littlo lea.i drunk than I, nnd how, of my own' will, X turned myself co cqaarcly against that sort of degradation that all tho powero of earth and hell tried in vain to, drag mo' baok again. Dobauohory disgusted mo. That wao all. Bomis, docs it not tako mora than that to mako a mau f For yesxn you havo dono all that .mortal could do to ^ bring out something hotter from mo; but whilo tho world ia bowlingthat I am 0 great oucco::;, you, you wbo know mo, know how utterly you havo failed. I havo known howit troubled you that ovory energy 1 possessed eamo right from yon, and that in all theso ycaro_ you had not moused in mo ono atom of ambition. Hoy/, often you havo shown mo what I might bo, to contrast with what I am 1 IVith superhuman energy and patiouco you havo held mo day by day. You plunged mo into tho prison reform. You mica mo with fury ovor tho ring outrages. Jtou havo est mo on firo again and again, only to find, each timo that your.touob loft mo, that I foil dead. It in vou whom tho world is praising; yoo bavo dono it oll Ouco in my lifo, wbonl wao less than twenty I wao overwhelmed by ono great hopo, ono grand ambition. I am not foolishly thinking that ita . denial ia nny pardon for mo that I am what I am to-doy. ) only know that tbo ghost of that hopo, tho domand of that am bition, has haunted mo, night and day, and murdered, in its uwcddling.olothco, ovory offspring of onergy to desire that has bceu cradled m my . boart for sixteen years. Ucakneosl Absurdity I Folly of all foolish nesj I Yes, tbo only sincerity inall my utterly wasted lifo ia that ouca I— I— I loved a woman.' . . 'And lost, Samuel J' i 'Uotca you mean, Bomb. This is tbo! iirst timo to mortal cars thot I have caid tbat word.'-- ? . . .. i 'Waa it that cho i . ' i No', Bernis. I 'do not tbinli that. in.bcr lifoono has ovor loved any ooa.' j ' And youlovo her as dcarltr to-day f' 'I do, Bcmia.' ^JSamucl, waa It : that' oho waa liot ' Bcmis, do not opoak that' word I If tho woman lives who is worthy ol man's homatw, itisoW ' Then, Bamuel, go . ' ' V/oit, Bunis., It io to.-day cs it alwayn hua beou. Sho baa no need of lovo. Hor lifo ia fulnc^.i iu itself. Hor aims arc ratio ned in tho fulfilment' of hor ambition. I h.'.vo nothing to oGar whioh could iniuglo with tho cunshino of her lito to mako it bnghtor. Sho in hotter aa eho is.' ' i Saumol, you aro wrong, \7hoover abo may bo, I know that you oro wrong. Goto hor, Samuol. Go to night. Tell her tho story as you havo told it mo.' Colonel Trenton smiled ca ho shook hi,': bead, and replied, 'Ah/ Bcrnis, for tho Brst time in your lifo you would ba blind. You would dtivo mo into tho pit whoncoyou bavo CO laboriously dragged mo. V/bat haa'eho li t T ? Pcrbop3, who in all tbi, o years h^vo fallen at her feet and 'lived about hor to proyo thoir lovo, no r havo uotf Sho io beautiful boyoad any woman' I ovor caw. bho is- richer than many a-milliouairo. Oho hco overytlung to r.ttraot and nothing to ?epsl. Havo othern. beon attrnoted ? Doubt-' lei-3. Havo thoy bcoa ;ropelledP :' Surely. Yot tbcro was i nothing but her refusal of their lovo that wouldhavo dono it.' 'Hay oho not havo lovod you, Samuol pKoicdy no you havo loved her to tho cicluv alon of all othors f* ? 'Alr.D, Bemio, tbnt ha beautiful fancy, bat it evaporates boforo tbo sunlight of ro ality lor jeara I had loved her beforo sho knew that .this being osialcd. I lovedher when sho wao agirl, poor, unknown, nothing. IjuI balicvo mo,. Bcmia, ''it- would bavo been' tho ruin of her lifo if oho had loved mo or any one. God iruided her whom hoi- f.it.,™ i„.. God caved hor .whoa- 1 'prayed that it might lio r.itj me-. Tcll_ Joo cuough to sethi3 heart at ro3t,' Bcmis; and now sot mino at rest by putting on your 'overcoat. Tho car riage is waiting.' , ' , , 1 Samuel, 1 said tho -old man,, tenderly,' thore 1? np «tpry omb. -aa youra - but has its toluol. God graut that it may bo ouo of r.nppiniss cuch ns you can .appreciate tbo I hotter for the pain . of tbo bast. Yes, I will I ba ready preeently. Do thoy wear gloves, I wauuel, and do tbey tabs off tbeir over-' I coats? . ' ' ? - '? ... CHAPTER VII. It jvns Dr. Bonus's first opera. He yielded ' his old-time prejudices, in dcfcrctico to hie I iriouu a earnest dusiro that once, atlea.-t, ho I should »co and hoar tho groat : prima donnn. I in ordor that bo might do so vnuler the moat favorable.- clrcumbtuuges, Colouel Tituton had Inlieu a privuto boi. ,'fhoro the t.unin. ' b.vch ,1,1; in tho easiest : nrm-thair, ni;h a I ba.^ocb for hie feet and wraps io rcpl.ue tto I opeu. fire. - .' . - ? ? . .. ? - . | 