Tie Mystery of Clement Dunraven, BY JEAN MIDDIEMAS. CHAPTER XXXVI.—Tub Gitosis of thb “An old, bent man, worn out and frail, Rc caine buck from seeking the Holy Grail.'* Scarcely two yearB had olapsed Binoo , CJemont Dunraven had left Aboyno Court for The foreign travels, during whioh ho hoped to find that peace of mind whi oh paasoth all understanding ; when one evening, when he was by no moanB expected, he orept into hia own honae by the baok door. One of the maids, who saw him, ran shrieking to the houeekoeper and said aho had seen Sir Clement’s ghost. The housekeeper told her “not to be a fool,” and went out to look for hor8olf, and then she too trembled with affright until she heard the well-known 11 Don’t be alarmed, It is myeolf ; Clement Dunraven in the flesh. I have boan very ill, and have come home to die.” “ Oh, Sir Cloment, why ovor didn't you let us know that, we might have had things a bit comfortable ior you.” 41 All right—all right; don't trouble your self. There’ll be comfort enough for mo. Light ft fire in the library, Lady Gertrudo’s .favorite room, and send for Dr Watson.” Tho night was a cold one, though it wan only mid*Ootober, and the trees were still heavy with mellow, golden foliage. There wa3 something about Sir Clement’s mannor and appearance which repelled ques tion, so tho servants bestirred thomselvcs to prepare dinner, get hia bedroom ready, and make tho place as homo-Hko as tho Bhorc notioe would permit, without asking for any further orders. Sir Cloment, meanwhile, sat down in front of the fire, whioh had been speedily lighted, and took no notice of any ono. It was not until Dr Watson entered tho \ room that he roused up from hia reverie. The summons to come at once to Sir Clement Dunraven had boon received by tho little doctor with no small dismay, and a presenti ment of coining trouble took powerful posses sion of him ; nor was his dread of tho future in any way lessoned when ho saw tho man who had sent for him. “ Doomed to death,” was tho Doctor's montal verdict, and that torture of mind hud ended in produoing torturo of body, ho was not slow in deciding. Sir Clement held out hia hand, and said, feebly : 44 It is good of you to havo come so soon.” How gladly would Dr Watson havo grasped it, but that the recollection of the awful accusation made by dim Olendinning roso vividly in his mind. He pretended nor, to see the extended hand, but drawing n chair close to his patient, tried to speak choerily. ** Sorry you havo come back ill, Sir Clement; we must nee if wo can patch you *But SirClcmont noted at once tho want of cordiality, and said, bitterly: “You cannot 4 ministtr to a mind diseased.' but since I see you know or have guessed tho truth, you will make my task Dr Watsou merely answered with an “Ah,” aud Sir Clement went on : “ I have not much belief in parsons. Thoy would ruin you if thoy could, aa Singleton tried to ruin me. Dut I havo sent for you, Watson, becaueo 1 know you to ba a true and honest rnun, and a? such you will help mo to make the best atonement for the past that is in my power.” “I will use my best endeavors 30 to do,” answered Dr Watson, “ but would not Sir Miles Berkeley-” “No—no,” cried Sir Cloment, iuterrupt Berkcloy has a wife, and, I hear, a child. Let hi ax bo happy and ignorant. 1 will not havo him freighted with my misery. You must hear many a talo of wiotehedaess, Watson ; it is iu your calling." “ Alfta ! Tales of wrotchedness and suffer ug that one cannot always assuage.” 44 There is only one incurublo disease of which tho torturo cannot bo alleviated, and that ia tho disease from which I urn dying now—it ia called Remorse.” “ Ob, Sir Clement, ropontanoo must bring ailovzation ol Buffering, oven to the most re morseful.” “ I have repented, humbled myself in dust and ashes for my sins, but I am no happier. Remorse gnaws bb a canker worm at my heart. Should I bo happier if I had made a public confession, and allowed tho law to take itaooursoP I think not. Anyway, it would have brought misery and obloquy on innocent people. So I resolved to keep my secret. It ia weuriug me out, and tho severest pun iahment I oau inflict on myself is that I have refrainod from my own destruction. Howover, tho end is not far off now, and before that ond come-* I want you to know the truth.” “What good to tell it, Sir Clement. Bo* foro the words havo fallen from yuur lips you may regret having spoken them.” “loan never regret having asked a good man to bo the guardian of my ohiid—you will will not rofusot” Dr Watson winced, but ho accepted tho guardianship. “ Lisa is my child,” continued Sir Clement, t( and Lisbeth her mother, my lawful wife, which Lady Gertrude never was.” # 44 Sir Clement, for moroy’s Bake keep silence. Think of tho momory of that pure, virtuous lady, and keep silence,” “ To all but you I will do so, but you mua: know the truth, or you cannot do tho best for my child and her bravo mother. If I die without a will this property cannot go to Lisa, unless her legitimacy proved. In jus tice to Lady Gertrude I am going, with your help, to make a will leaviug everything to Lisa, ray adopted daughter, who is to tftko tho name of Duuraven. This may seora to you to bo unjuBt to Lisbeth, but she agreed to be eupplautod by Lady Gertrude, in'ordor that, I might become my uncle's heir, and, therefore, bke must bear her share of the sorrows brought on us by our joint folly. Ah, if I had never deserted Lisbeth, I might have been poorer, but I should havo been a far happier man.” ** She is tho best, and nobloat among women,” said tho doctor, fervently. Sir Clemont looked at him keenly. His eyes foil as beforo thoso of an inquisitor, for ho felt that Sir Clement had guessed tho de sire of his heart. ” I boo I havo appealed to tho right man,” said Sir Clement after a paiiso. “ Win hor if you cau, Watsou, and if my blessing, tho bloaamg of a wretched criminal, is of any avail, you havo it with all my heart. To know that my poor Lisbeth will have a rest ful, happy home is far morn than 1 deserve.” Nothing more was Buid on tho matter; what could bo said au long as Cloment Dun ravon livod? Pens, ink nud paper were pro duced, and tho lust Will aud testament of Cloment Dun raven was written out. In it he left everything of which ho diod possessed, indudimr Aboyno Court amt nil its valuablea, to his adopted child, Lisa, whose birth bad been registered at a registrar's iu the City Road under tho name of Lisa ISliis, ou con dition that tho henceforth took the numo of Dunraven. Tbo guardian aud tho sole exeoutor to bo his tried und valued friond, Richard Y/atson, M.D. Tho butler und Brown, tho bailiff, wero sent for to witness tho signnturo of their muster, and this supremo effort having boon made, it seemed as if Sir Cloment Dunravon’a work on earth was noarly dnuo, tor ho then lay back in his chair in such a condition of syncope that brandy had to bo poured down hia throat, ?r Hutson decided that ho would pass tho night at Aboyno Court. But, considering that he had been left executor and guardian to Lisa, and knowing what hia own feelings wore towards Lisbeth, ho did not boliovo himself to be justified in fOttaining thoro without lotting anyone know of Sir Clement’s return. So he sent a man on horaobaok over to tho Snuggery, to ncquaintSir Miles with tho fact of Sir Clement Dunraven’a rot urn in very bad health, and to request him to ride over in tho morning. Aftor a time Sir Clement rallied somewhat, and Dr Watson and tho butlor got him to He seemod in euoh a strange, sorai-consoious *Ute that tho doctor took up his position in an armchair® and arraaged for the butler to i sleep in an adjoining room^ so that he might j he at hand if hie services were required In the Aa the doctor had expected, the distress ing unrest whioh the unhappy man experi enced was most sad to witness. In vain Dr Watson tried every available means to quiot him. He tossed acaselosBly from side to side in feverish excitement, muttering overy now and again somowhat incoherently; only Dr Watson, who hold tho key, understood lull well how sorely the pcor distracted mind waB troubled. As iH frequently the caso, with the break of dawn the restlessness and ex oitement grow moro intense, and tho muttor ings became shouts and loud cries for help. Dr Watson was thankful that the butlot was a heavy sleoper. He would not for worlds have had him hoar the unhappy man’s ravings, and, violent though Sir Clement was, ho pluokily determined to manage him, if possible, by himself. “ How dare he come between me and Lis* both? Ah l tho water Is deep, and blaok, and cold. What! no movement, no sound, silence! My God, what silonco! No voice, not a leaf stirring; nothing but that blaok, Htill water, and tho rushes. Ah ! the rufihes will hide it. Ler mo go! Let mo go ! I can stay hero no longer. Away, away, from this torriblo place. You shall not hold me; let mo go. The polico are coming J The inanaole3! Tho mob in the oourt l Old ! Jim’s jibbermg face! Tho gallows!” It was a fearful and awful sight this tor ture of mental agony, and in all his wide practico Dr Watson had never before wit nessed Bach a scene. Ho fought through bravely, however, and by means of an anicathotio, for which ho had sent to his surgery early in tho ovening, he managed to quiot tho agitatod brain, and by the time tho tirat awakenings of life woto heard in the house, Sir Clement Duuravon had sunk into an uneasy, unnatural sloop; while as for Dr Watson, ho was so exhausted by what ho had gone through, that it was only by an immense foroe of will that he managed to pull himself together so aa to be able to proceed with tho torriblo duty of tending this wretched man. Till this hour he had put away from his mind, as tho mere chimera of an unhinged brain, Jim Gloiidinning’s assertion about tbo part which Clement Dunraven had played in tho death of Pierce Yauchan. Now ho hud no farther doubt on the subject; tho trno murderer lay before him, and might oven yet be brought to justice. Dr Watson thought that the hours of hia life wero numbered; still, there was no Haying what turn ho might take, or who might hear tho ravings which could not fail to convict him. For himself, ho^ intended to say nothing ; the jnmiehmont 'Clement Duuraven had received win a heavy one, ami who was he that ho should deliver him over to tho law, blighting tho memory of ono true, loving woman, and the lifoof auothor by bis fall ? Many might cuvil at, and argue about Dr Watson’s reasoning, and how ho justified liimHelf in thus condoning crime, but he oared not. Tbo presence of Death was omnipotent in that room, and tho terrors of remorse accompanying it made all earthly punishment Eoem small and unreal. The efforts of thoso interested to keep Lady Gertrude and her memory free from the taint were, however, to moot with success, Whon Sir Miles Berkeley arrived, it was to find the sufferer still slumbering. Nor did he ever recover sufficiently to reoogtiiso any of those who wero nbout him. Tho terrible crisis was over, and, thanks to Dr Watf-on’s loyalty, tho dire oven's then revealed would never be divulged. Sir Clement lingered for many hours, vitality being strouger than the doctor had oxpooted. Ho took what nourishment they gave him apathetically, but did not speak; tho braiu was numbed, and tho pulte and powers wero gradually growing feebler. Towardi evening a tall figure in a long bhio cloak catno up tbo stairs with a halting step, and Lisbeth gazed for tho last time into the living faco of tho mau she had so desperately loved, that slio had sacrificed all her happiness in life for his dear sake.. Sho know nothing of tho will, nothing of what had been douo for Lisa, and she asked nothing. All her thoughts wore absorbed in him who lay there dying in the prime of his manhood, the victim of his own sms. Nor wore thoro any tears in heroyea nB she looked at him, but prayers, heartfolt and deep, wore in hor heart; prayers that ho might not be punished everlastingly for his grave transgressions. Considerate always, Dr Watson went away, and left her with the dying man. Ho would not pry into the aeorots of that woman’s heart, and truly a veil should be drawn over her sorrow and her agony. Ac. hour later Clement Dunraven was dead, nnd the tall figure went down tho stniroaso noiselessly, as aho had mounted it, away into the silent night, where the moon, shining brilliantly' to guido her stops, and tho stars olfulgently beaming, gave her hope that tho pathway oven through tho valley of tho Shadow of Death was not wholly drear, and that mercy was extended oven to tho greatest sinners. The nows of Lim’a heirship, whioh was spread about soon after Sir Clomont’s funeral took tho entire neighborhood by sur priso, and, of ooureo, various wero tho com ments made upon it. Everyone whispered to his iutimato that ho know tho truth, had kuown it for years, but no ouo guessed tho riddlo aright, save Dr Watson and Mrs Sin gleton, and they wero silent as the grave wherein tho dead lay buried. And so, after awhile, the gossip ceased, tho social gatherings ro-commonced, and tbo world ran on its usual course, as if Sir Clemont Dunraven had never existed. Dr Watson took moans to have Lisa edu eatod in a manner befitting her future posi tion, and was ably assisted by Lisbeth. Whether tho little dootor will eyor per suade Li»both to give up hor “Homo” and its suffering inmates, and begin life anew with him iu the red-brick house ou the out skirts of tho town, is ono of the problems of tho futuro. Lady Marcia says that, of courso, sho ought to marry him, and that there is plenty of money' to found a real big “ Homo” in memory of Lady Gortrude. Hithorto Dr Watson has been too sby to put tho question himself, and if tho marriage lakes pluce, it will probably bo because Lady' Marcia has brought it nbout. [Tizk Knd,] 