JSHE.iB DLES: " Short, Sharp, and Shiny." "Take care you don't put my eye out, Mr. Gowfer." " I should have to marry you if I did—ha! ha!" . "Then please be extra careful, Mr. Gowfer —ha! ha!" Hot. Burglary. " Cinders." Cyelorama. "Aladdin." Pantomime. Coal difficulty. "Continentals." A neglected child. Suicide at Carltop. . Fire at Davenport. Village settlements. A suspicious disease. A sea bathing fatality. Disastrous earthquake. A young man drowned. Burglars in the suburbs. A lion tamer in trouble. Determined case of suicide. Heavy rains in Queensland. A capsize at Port Adelaide. Viscount Somerton is dead. Extensive swindle in Sydney. A centenarian aj Macclesfield. This is the Speaker's birthday. Intercolonial Labor Conference. "The Silence of Dean Maitland." Daring robbery at East Adelaide. Relief works asked for in Sydney. Disastrous earthquake in Mongolia. A gold find is reported from Naokara. British Broken Hill directors resigned. Sir Jenkin Coles is 52 years old to-day. A matinee at the Theatre Royal to-day. A suburban villa ransacked by burglara. A lion-tamer has had a lively time at Laura. A drunken German bit Frank Clark's ear off.' Three meetings of the unemployed on Thurs day. A wooden house destroyed by fire at Daven-; port. Napoleon's ghost still walks at the Cyclo A young woman drowned in the Mordialloc | bathe! A good programme for to-morrow's " Conti-1 nenta!." The fashionable side of life just now is] suioide. Victoria is shipping 220 tons of cheese to England. A little boy in Auckland, N.Z., choked by a plumstone. . Great preparation is being made for the coming eleotionB. Nomination day for the Oakbank races is fast approaching. Colonel and Mrs. Dowdle conduct salvation | meetings nightly. The cyanide process is favored in the Vic-1 totian gold mines. The New South Wales Government obtained | a majority of one. Jimmy Garr will probably have to stand | Bome chaffing now. Kangaroo Island may soon be the Paraguay j of South Australia. Hundreds of houses engulfed by an earth quake in Mongolia. A lively market in West Australian gold mines shortly expected. Frank Clark, of christy minstrel fame, | before the Carlton court. All the sufferers in the Apite station poison-1 ing cases have recovered. A convict has made an unsuccessful attempt to escape from Pentridge. A dramatic season commences at the Theatre | Royal to-morrow evening. : The New South Wales Minister of Lands | has apologised and resigned. An ex-sergeant of the Victorian Police | Force has committed suicide. The Bowden branch of the W.G.T.U. held | a social on Thursday evening. The sugar exported from Queensland for the | Eeason amounts to 49,105 tons. Bro. J. P. Bickford is the new master of the | Duke of Leinster Mark Lodge. Sir Dominick Daly, Governor of South Aus-1 tralia, died on January 19,1SGS. " Mentor" has an article in this morning': Advertiser on the Fulham Park stud. An intercolonial artillery tournament waB | commenced at Queenscliii" yesterday. David Gaunson, the well-known Melbourne j solicitor, was born on January 19,1846. One hundred and twenty of the unemployed | are willing to form a village settlement. Many happy returns of the day to Sir { Jenkin Coles and so Mr. T. Price, M.P. The enchanted fountain of laughing waters still attracting crowds to the Cyelorama. A Chinaman supposed to be suffering from leprosy is under surveillance in Melbourne. "Common Sensd" writes,in The Advertiser j tbis morning, on the so-called new economy. Fifteen hundred sovereigns obtained from a | Sydney bank by means of a forged cheque. "Cinders," a sensational drama, will be pre- j sented at the Theatre Royal to- morrow night. Sir Jenkin Coles was born on 'January 19 1842,. and Mr. T. Price, MP., on January lfij 1S52. Cricket, lawn tennis, rowing, cycling, and] tennis notes to-morrow's edition of the I Express. The Indian Government have refused to acquiesce in a proposal for the imposition of a'n import duty on silver. If you only have your fare to Adelaide go toere and then see Jimmv Carr, who will give you your passage to Melbourne." Mrs.'J. Mott, 6enior, celebrated her birth-1 day anniversary at Macclesfield last week, j when she reached the age of 104 years. Mr. Copeland, the New South Wales Minister of Lands, has retired from the Go vernment consequent on the scene in which he took a leading, position. At the christening of the Roumanian Prince the infant was the_ recipient of a cradle of flowers and a miniature silver sword. The baby was photographed for its great-grand mother^ the Queen, who wears in; a bracelet the portrait of her youngest descendant. While the Empress of Austria was outriding she observed a quantity of stones which some misoreant had placed on the line over which the Pesth express would shortly pass. The Empress called to her- assistance a man who was walking a short distance off, and together they removed the obstrnotion. Dr. Gregory, of the British Museum, during a recent expedition made an ascent of the great African mountain Kenia to a point 17,000 ft. above the sea level, or 3,000 fb. higher than had been reached by any other explorer. Glaciers were reached and some of the party suffered from frostbite. It is not generally known that Gonnod has left a complete but hitherto unpublished opera. This work is entitled "Maitre Pierre," and is none other than the story of Helo'ise and Abelard. It is said to be impregnated with the mysticism of the illustrious composer and fall of lofty inspiration. The poem is by M Louis Gallet. Professor Garner, who went ont to South Wesb Africa about 16 months ago to study the language of the monkey, _ states that he con siders he has sucoeeded in establishing what he went out to ascertain—viz., that the monkeys had a language which could, with study, be learned by man. He took home with him two examples of the Kolu! Kamba chimpanzee, which has a greater re- J semblance to the human race than perhaps any other animal. They show great intelligence, and by their sounds can convey to the pro fessor their wants and feelings. 