LONG TOMS SECRET. Opal hunting, especially *if you're a 'batber,' is a miserable sort of game gener ally. The life is dismal enough for any thing. But there's one great charm about it, 'Master ' isn't there. It was princi -paHy-to-get-rid-of - -'master' that I took to opal hunting after the break up of the strike camps in '91. Christmas eve of that eventful year found me still hunting for ihe precious stoneB. On that festive evening, after tea and a draw of the pipe, I set to building a duff for dinner next day. JuBt as I was nicely bogging ipto it footsteps on the gravel caused me to peer into the gloom. Half a minute~ later a ragged, wild-looking 'traveller' dropped a dilapidated ' drum ' close to the tent and remarked, 'I heard you were here and came over to see you.' As he spoke he advanced farther into the fire-light, and I reoagnised ' Long Tom,' a western shearer, straight as you find 'em, but a terror to booze. After knocking some of the dough off my pan, and indulging in the usual hand-shake (which personally I consider a great fad), I enquired if he'd have a bit of something to eat. His answer rather took me back : ' I'll have a snack,' he said, 'but don t give this other bloke any.' I could see he had 'em bad, so to humour him I said, ' All right, Tom ; wire in. 111 blook him ; who iA»»' 'What I don't yon know him? Why, he half rowed, it's old B ? , the 'Peak ghost. He'sieenlollowingmejoonfltantly since the night I sent him to hell. ° But wait till I finish this feed and TH-telbyotr all about it.' The meal concluded, he set she pipe going, and between the puffs told me the following tale: 'You see, it was like this Jim, the first time I vent near a batch of scabs at Cler mont I hadn't the remotest intention of sneaking to any of them, because I never did and never will believe in 'moral suasion' in dealing with scabs ana Equattera. But when I got dose to the mean-looking crowd whoy come to take our places, I was horrified to 'find In 'their -ranka-my own brother. — I didn't know what to do. One desire alone filled me, and that was to keep the relationship a secret, as somehow I felt, although I may have keen wrong, that his being a- scab disgraced me as much as himself. There was a lot of excitement; troopers and soldiers were riding Jip. and down waving their b words and making all sorts of threats. Our fellows were poking about among them, and gradually the crowd hustled me over close to my brother. I seized him by the shoulder and whispered in his hear, ' For Heaven's sake, tell no one vou're a brother of mine !' That was alL iSext day I was arrested and charged with intimi dating a 'free labourer.' Mr. B ? , J.P. and squatter, swore he heard me threaten a scab, but he couldn't remember what scab it was. Of course I wouldn't enlighten them, ' and I was sent to Rockhampton gaol for three months. 'Nearly every man who is sent to prison, innocent or guilty, dreams of revenge. So. did I ; and I've had mine. One night as I lay on my prison bed an inspiration came to me. A. beautiful plan, easy to accomplish, and not the slightest danger of detection. ' All I had to do was to catch a venom ous snake, or better still, a death adder, fasten him securely to a stick, sneak on old B — — when he was asleep, and make the reptile bite him. ? 'After my reW»fl T managed to get work on the Peak Downs, and when a few months ago the warm weather sent that old pig to camp on the verandah, I ' worked the oracle,' and he died. His friends never suspected foul play. But (pointing at the ghost) he knows, and day and night he never leaves me.' ' Long Tom ' was worse next morning, but I carefully watched him for several days, and one morning he left without the ghost. But he probably found it again after his next spree. Spahtaccs. 