CHILDREN'S COLUMN. A TORPEDO THAT WAS LOST. A OLD SAILOR'S YARN. (BY W. J. HENDERSOS.) It was a cleat and beautiful moonlight night. It was also a cold night. There was very little wind to speak of, bat there was a biting crispness in the atmosphere, eo that anyone who was out for a walk felt like keeping up a pretty gait. Henry Hovey and his little brother had been studying their leBBons, for school days had come again, and they were not idle boys. When they had finished, a few minutes after 8 o'clock, Henry looked out of the window, and exclaimed— "I tell you, mother, this is a fine night!" Mrs. Hovery looked out, and agreed with her son. " Yes," added George, " and how dancy the stars are." " I feel dancy myself this sort of •weather," said Henry. " Mother, mayn't we go out and run as far as the beach and back ? It isn't bedtime yet." " Yes," said Mrs. Hovey, " I think a breath of fresh air will make you sleep better." " Hurrah !'' cried George, snatching up his cap. The next minute the two boys were bounding over the rough road towards the sea. It was only a short distance, and according to their custom they made straight for the old pier. They did not dream of finding the old sailor there, but he waB there. He was not sitting down, he was standing on the end of the pier gazing out to sea. He head the boys' footsteps, and turned his head. " Waal, waal waal!" he exclaimed, wouldn't never V thort o' seem' you out here at night." " And we didn't expect to see you," replied Henry. " I s'pose ye jess couldn't stay in no house w'en it were sich a werry fine night out o' doors ?" " That's it. Mother said a breath of fresh air would do ns good." "Mother Baid BO, eh? That there mother o* yours——Say, are ehe made any dough-nuts to-day V' " No; but there are some left from yes terday." " Werry good, too; werry, werry good, An* do you s'pose there might be any tea leaves in the pot " An' some hot water in the kettle " Sure to be." "Also werry good. I were a-thinkin that p'rhaps you would sleep a little extra better ef you heard about what this 'ere moonlight night reminded me of." " Oh, Fm sure we would," cried Henry. " But this 'ere pier are not no bed o' down on sich a night, and ef I were to keep you here a-tellin' o' a yarn I expect your raother wouldn' like it. Moreover also, an' furthermore, you might git a sore throat." " Then walk up to the house with us." " That are about wot I were a-proposin to do. M " An I'm sure mother will give you a doughnut and a cup of hot tea." " W'ich the same would be werry agreeable on this 'ere cool evenin', an' I think might werry likely make the yarn a leetle longer." So the three friends started for the house, On arriving there Henry explained the state of affairs to his mother, and the cup of tea and the doughnut were soon pro dueed. " Now," said Henry, " what were you thinking about when we found you ?" " W'ich the same I are about to relate to you in a plain an' simple tale o' the sea It were a werry large an' old fashioned ship Wot I seed out there wot sot me a-thinkin' about a experience wot I had oscet on to man-o'-war in farrin waters." The old Bailor swallowed the last mouthful of tea and then eaid—"Thankee, marm. The principal pussonage in this 'ere yarn wot I are a-goin' fer to tell you were a tor pedo." " Atoipedof" " Yes. Not the kind wot boys throw at Beaferia' gen'lemen on the Fourth o' July, but the kind that is occupied aboard o r warships." " What kind is that ?" "A torpedo are a kind o* a invention wot are made out o* copper an* other metal in the shape o' a cigar. It are loaded with gonootton or dynamite or some sich stuff $9 mike ii go off, an' it has machinery in it to turn propeller wot makeB it go jess like boat. An' there's a wire to it w'ich the same you keep the end of aboard the ship, an' by electricity you steer the aforesaid, an' make it do 'most anythln', 'ceptin' to talk, w'ich it warn't never intended to do but oncet—an' then, good-by. The puppose of a torpedo is to blow up a enemy's You launch the torpedo overboard, bavin' started the machinery, an' away she goes at a 20 knot gait, you a-steerin' of her by the electric wire. W'en she hits the other ship yon explodes her by electricity, and the other ship goes to Davy Jones's locker in sections. Are that plain to your mind " Oh yes," said the boys. "Now," added Henry, " tell us about your torpedo." " Waal," said the old saiior, " it were in the Russo- Turkieh War. I were knockin' around Europe without no berth w'en it bruk out, an' so I says to myself, says I, there's goin* to be a shindy with chances for prize-money, an' I hurried off an' listed. I were not a green hand exactly, 'cause I'd served three years on the Minnesota an' one year on the Hartford, durin' a diffikilty which ariz betwixt the north'n and the south'n parts of the United States, in which the same we live. Howsumever, I didn't speak any Roosian; but they pat me on the cruiser Skipoffvitch, w'ere an OBsifer wot talked English had charge o' the powder division ; an' findin* I were an old American man-o'-war man, he took me into his gang an' put me to work. Before the war got fairly started I knowed all the commands in Roosian; an* w'en an ossifer swalleyed his front teeth, choked, coughed, an' said, 1 Ouftik gouvitchsky vod,' knowed putty well that he meant, ' Cast loose and purwide,' w'ich is the order to git everythin' ready fer to load up and shoot. "The business o' this'ere Skipoffvitch were peculiar and aggrawatin'. I s'pose you know that there are a passage of water connectin' the Black Sea with the Mediterranean, an' that the Black Sea are chiefly inhabited by Roosians. Leastways, you ought to know it, an if you don't, what fer do you study geoggerfy, w'ich the same I s'pose you have at school." " Oh, yes," said Henry; "and the strait you mean is the Bosphorus." " W'ich the same it isn't," said the old sailor. "The strait wot I'm alludin' to are the Dardanelles, not the Bosporus. The Skipoffvitch were engaged in hangin' around, dodgln' in an' out among the islands o' the Greek Archipelager for the purpose o' prewentin' any Turkish man-o'- war from Constantinople from gettin' out an' away into the Meditereanean. There waB plenty o' Roosian ships in the Black Sea to head 'em off if they tried to run up to Odessa or sich ports, an' we wanted to keep 'em shut up in the Sea o' Marmora, w'ere they couldn't do no harm to nothin' exceptin' their own perwisions. Waal, to prewent this 'ere story from growing as long as our cruise I'll jess skip over a month or to and come down to a partikler occasion w'en the torpedo got lost. Fust aud foremost lemme ask you whether you ever saw a dry gale o' wind 1" " You mean a gale when it doesn't rain aud the sun often comes out from behind the clouds said Henry. " Oh, yes, I've seen that kind of a gale right here on this coast often." "Werry good, too," said the old sailor, gazing out into the bright moonlight at the ships in the harbor, and laughing heartily, but without a sound. " Only in this 'ere gale wot I'm a-tellin' of the moon were more notable than the sun, 'cause what this story are about happened at night. It had been a-blowin' a howlin* dry gale for two days, an' the cap'n allowed that it would be better for us to go an' lie up under the lee o' a werry small an' low island jess outside o' the entrance to the Dardanelles, w'ere a lookout at the topmast head could see any wessel wot might try to come out, while our ship could be ridin' werry snug to her anchors. Bless you, how it war blowin'! The clouds were sizzlin' across the sky like great buckets full o' spray, an' every oncet in a while the moon would come ehootin' out from behind one o' 'em like a white-hot cannon-ball. The sea was roarin' like ten thousand mad bulls, an' the combers were breakin' on every wave. To make things all the more interesting the sea were alive with phosphorescence, an' every comber that broke looked as if she was on fire. It were nigh on to the most grandest night wot I ever seed at sea. Every time a sea hit our craiser under the bow the spray'd fly up around the catheads like flames, an' I'm blamed ef it didn't make even me feel creepylike sometimee. 'Cause w'y ? It didn't look real, it didn't, bat more like a sort o' a barnin' ghost o 1 a sea. Leastways, that's wot I says to myself standin' right there on the starboard side o' the forec's'le deck of the RooBian cruiser Skipoffvitch. " Waal, we was a-gettin' well up under the lee o' the aforesaid island w'en the look-out let us know that he seed a sail, w'ich the same looked like a man-o'-war. One o' the OBBifers went aloft an' took a look, an' then he came down in a great deal o' a hurry, an' after that there was a great lot o' whisperin' among the ossifers on the quarter-deck. Putty soon eome orders was gave, an' I made out that the wessel comin' out war steerin' such a course that she'd pass close around the south end o* the island, an' not mere'n 700 yards from where we were a-proposin' to anchor. The capn's idee were that ehe wouldn't see us in behind the island, an' she'd be right on top o' us afore she knowed anythin', an' we'd just blow her into flinders with a torpedo. I didn't think it were much o' a night fer torpedo practice, but as I weren't an OBsifer, but a seaman, I were not supposed to think. There warn't no question about her beiu' a Turk, 'cause none o' our ships from the Black Sea could 'a' got through the Bosporus noway at all. " The torpedo were got ready an' I stood by with the rtsfc o* the launchin' crew. We waited an' waited, an' putty soon, arter we'd waited about an hour, the ship hove in sight off the point. She were a-great high-Bided, old-fashioned hooker, an* she were a sort o' a greenish-white, like moonlight, or a iceberg at night, from water-line to truck. I tell you, boys, that there wessel gave me the shivers the werry minnit I see her. An', bless you ! although it war blowin' a gale, that craft had every stitch o' canvas set; yet she were a- creepin' along like she war tired. The torpedo ossifer he didn't seem to notice nothin', but give the order, an' the torpedo were launched. " We could see it rushin' thro' the seas jess as plain as if it were day, ou account o' the phosphorescence an 1 the moonlight, an' I says to myself, says I, that the other ship would see it too, an' would let loose on it with her rapid fire-guns, if she had any. But blow me for a porpoise ef she paid any attention at all to it. ' They're all asleep,' says our cap'n, laughin', an' in a sscond they'll all be in eternity.' Our torpedo ossifer were fairly dancin', he were so excited. The torpedo were steerin' beautiful, an' war goin' as straight fer the ship as a bullet at a target on shore. The wire were runnin' out at a 16-knot gait, an' the electric sharp stood by to press the key w'en he got the order. In a few short seconds we saw the torpedo right under the strange weasel's Bide. " * Ouamphkth!' screeched the torpedo ossifer. "The electric feller pushed down the key, an' we all held our breaths, a-lookin' at the stranger an' waitin' fer the explosion. " Pat! That there wessel went out." "Did what?" exclaimed the boys. " Went out—jess like gass wot's turned off. There warn't no explosion at all; not a sound; but the ice-bergy lookin' ship warn't there. That's all." " Bat the torpedo " That weren't there, either. The wire fell slack an' stopped runnin' out, an' w'en we hauled it all in the end were jess burnt off, an' smelled like all the brimstone in creation'd got on to it. We had to chuck it overboard, or else the hull crew'd been suffercated." " And what became of the white ship 1" " My young friend, there is some questions wot can't be answered." " Bat what was she ?" " It ain't fer me to say what she were," said the old sailor very gravely, " but it's ullus been my solemn conwiction that them there Roosians tried to torpedo the Fly in' Dutchman, w'ich the same you can't."— Harper's Young People. 