\- OPENING OF^ PARLIAMENT. The opening of Parlinmont on Tuesday last murks a new era in the history of New South Wales, and the results ac cruing froiu tha brniris of those consti tuting the new Assembly will be watched with considerable interest. The Governor's speech, we arc told, was a lengthy one, and lays out an immense amount of work, which it is doubtful will ever be got through. .The recasting of the fiscal policy is. to the inhabitants one of the most important matters to be dealt with, and it is pretty snfu to pre dict will result in -long rind heated de bate from all sides of the House.. It could, however, 'only be expected that a Freetrade Government following a Pro tectionist one would lead to an altera tion in such a policty. Should the pre sent Government decide to repeal the Customs tariff, before substituting an other policy by which the revenue Will still be maintained, it is pretty certain that defeat will be the result. It will .| also be a most difficult matter to Dass any Act having for its object fresh taxation— at any rate, in the present depressed state of the colony. Direct taxation, no mattor in what form, is nt the same time a more straightforward means of taxing the peoplo than an in direct one. The inhabitants of New South Wales,' however, have not been used to such a system, and it will take a considerable time to bring- them to the belief that it is better. Mr.. Reid . will undoubtedly meet with severe opposi tion in his laud taxation scheme, as landowners are already crippled to such an extent with taxes of oiie kind or nn other, that any further addition to the same will mean, at any rate to three fourths of them, ruination by the loss of their holdings. Tho indirect taxa tion, which tiiey now pay througli the Customs, is not' felt by them, and they can rub along fairly well, but direct taxation in the shape of a land tax will be severely felt. Those whose land has been acquired by conditional purchase suffer the most, and it would perhaps be better if exemption could- be granted to all those who have not yet been able to pay up their balances to the Crown, aud who do not hold- their lands in fee simple. Thousands of struggling selec tors find it a most difficult matter to provide the yearly interest, and when a rurtner tax is imposed upon i-nem tneir positions, already miserable enough, will be greatly reduced and utter collapse must overtake them, 'i he promise of an immediate amended Land £ill is good enough, and if brought about should mean a lot to all people. Of course it is not yet known what the Bill is like, i any more than it is to deal liberally with the claims of Crown tenants, and provide greater facilities for agricul tural and homestead settlement. The public will of course hail with delight any measure that will increase the facili ties for settling on the land, and if Mr. Carruthers can pass such a Bill he will merit the support and goodwill of all. Important Auction- Sale.— Mr. D. Hen derson will sell by auction without reserve, at his rooms, Lismore, on Tuesday next, a bank rupt stock consisting of groceries, drapery, &c.; Particulars cau oe seen in our advertising columns. Auction Sale. — To-morrow (Saturday) an important sale of valuable furniture will be held at the residence of Mr. I). J. Brown, Broadwater. Also, at the same place, a num ber of useful well-bred horses will be submit ted to auction. Particulars are advertised in this issue. Memorial Service. — On Sunday evening lust a memorial service was held iu the Church of England of this town iu memory of the late Rev. H. Porter, B.A., whose deatli we an nounced in lust issue. The altar, reading desk, and organ were draped' in black. Mr. Humphreys coudiicted 'the service, und preached a mcst impressive sermon, suitable to the occasion. Tenders. — Tenders are invited in this issue for the erection of a weathershed in conncct-ion with the public school at Wyrallah to close on 12th September. Tenders are also required for roadwork in. this district. Particulars may bc seen .on reference to our advertising columns. A Tour of Inspection. — Mr. C. L. Smith, Resident Engineer at Casino, who hus suc ceeded Mr. A. Gracie, has arrived in the district and ou Tuesday last paid a visit- to this portion of his district. Mr. Smith is making a tour of the whole district iu order to make himself acquainted with its require ments. This step is a wise one, and there is no doubt Mr. Smith will find many places requiring immediate attention, which have hitherto escaped notice, or were not considered of sufficient importance to merit attention. Amended Land Bill.— It is to be sincerely hoped that the.new Minister for Lauds will, iu drafting his new Land Bill, make provision for the abolition of all local land boards, or else substitute some better method for dealing with land questions. The present laud boards are nothing more than a farce, und as such ate an unnecessary expense to the country, aud a cause of trouble, annoyance und expense to landowners. These boards could very well bo dispensed with, and the business just as well, indeed better, carried out by police magis trates. This branch of the Lands Department is of no earthly use, auy ihoro than in provid ing billets for imbeciles. Careless Use of Matciiss. — Another in stance of the careless iise of matches is shown in the destructive fire which occurred at North Creek last Thursday, whereby vuluahlc crops of cane were'burnt-. We are of opinion thut smoking while cutting or stripping cane should be prohibited, und only allowed in spell time away from the trash or cane. In shearing sheds no smoking is allowed except during spell time. If it is considered neces sary to enforce such a prohibition in a wool shed, it is much more so in a canc field, where men are surrounded with most inflammable matter in the shape of trash. The farmers aud mill-owuers should combine and cousider this matter. CnuRcii Bell. — By the last' trip of tho Electra a splendid bell arrived for the Roman Catliolio Church at Coniki. The bell is of first-class metal, weighs a quarter of a ton, and cost £30. A tower is, we believe, to be built to receive it in tho Church grounds. This is the first church bell for Coraki, and it is to be hoped other churches will not be long in erecting others. Cricket. — We would remind crickotcrs that a meeting will be held on the grouud to morrow for the purpose of enrolling members &e.; Now that the season has fairly cominenccd it is to be hoped that a good muster will take nlucc, aud thut the at ono timo invinciblo Waratahs will again take their position us rttfcbtfttVa of thte '' ifttft wUtet'.' ' SttmsR Weather.— The past few days gave clgus of the approach^ of summer, and from 'present appearances a dry . one. The lobg continued dry weather- which lias been experienced in this district is so unlike real Richmond River weather that people canuot understand it, and begin to fear that the coin ing. summer will, .be a ,dry one. Farming 6p«r«liobs, tofar iM:planth-g » concerned, are almost at a'staridstllN-good arcas of land have been ploughed for -maiae - and cane, but the .ground-is .too dry to plant, andtho adveutof 'a day's good downpour is- anxiously looked for.- There was a remarkable change in- tho weather on Wednesday evening last, when it became suddenly cold, and yesterday morning a very sharD frost occurred. The Marine Board.— One of the planto constituting the platform of the new Ministry is the alteration of the constitution of the Marine Board. It must be acknowledged by all that no department-calls for more urgent reconstruction than does that of the Marine Board of New South Wales. For many years past the manner iu which the business of this important department has been conducted has been the subject for much criticism, and many complaints have been made. No great effort has been made -n the past to remodel the de partment,' and it is to lie hoped that Mr. Reid will in this at least be successful. Local Government. — The present Govern ment, benefiting by the experience gained when Sir George Diblis' Local Government Bill wus discusscil, have in their programme promised one which, if passed, should meet with approval. One very great objection to Sir George Dibbs' bill was that small districts were treated in the same way as more'popu lous ones ; this was considered unfair. Mr. Reid now proposes to kiss two short measures, one dealing with populous ureas, und the other with rural and pastoral districts, and certainly tills seems a fairer and morc.equitable manner of dealing with the matter.1 Salvation Arm v.— A section of the Salva tion Army intend visiting different towns on the river during this and uext week. On Monday evening Coraki will be enlivened with the strains of their band. This . will be a-novelt-y for. the Coraki people, as beyond visiting ine town ior a picuic, tne 'Army hus not yet paid us a visit for the purpose of making converts. More Centralisation. — The Work's De partment bus dccided that the punts required for the Richmond River will bo constructed ut the Government workshops at Cockatoo Island by day labor, and the blocks are now being laid for the punts. A Champion Cow. — The cow that beat all previous records in butter-making ut the Lon don Dairy Show was a crossbred Shorthorn, descended from a crossbred sire and crossbred dam. This cow gave 154£lb. of milk iu two . days, containing J4.per cent, of total solids. The milk made 7^1b. of butter, or a fraction over equal to 3$lb. a day. The Sugar Industry. — A public meeting was held at- Murwilhimbah on Saturday night to consider what steps should l-e taken to foster the sugar industry in the Tweed dis trict, the Colonial Sugar Company having de clined to sign more agreements. . Mr. W. R. Baker presided, and pointed out the deter mination of the company not to sign further agreements, which meant the stoppage of the progress of the district and the ruination of the settlers. One gentleman offered to erect a mill if sufficient security were given. It was resolved to ask the Government to pass an Act similar to the Queensland Sugar Growers' Guarantee Act. Aci:epted Tender. — The tender of Messrs. O'Connor and Curran (Sydney) has been ac cepted for bridge, Cooper'B Creek, road Clunes to Duruby Grass, £692 14s. Marriage. — A Toronto exchange of 14th June says.: — ' The residence of Mr. G. G. Pursey, 189, M 'Caul-street, was the scene of a quiet wedding yesterday moruing, when his daughter Annie A. was married to Dr. Thomas Wickett, of Crediton, Ont. The bride was attired in a cream crepon, trinimcd with silk, and carried a bouquet of roses. The brides maid was her sister, Miss Jean Pursey, and the grooirsmun Dr. Alexander, of this city. The V.W.C.G., of which the bride was an active mcinbur, presented .- hec .with u hand some lump.' [Tlie young liidy referred to is a nieco of Messrs. Joseph nnd Theodore Pursey, of this district, aud for some years nas occupied uu important position — that ot shorthand writer and proof reader — in the office of Toronto Truth. The wedding pre sents received on her marriage were very numerous und costly.] Agricultural Societies and State Sub sidies. — In responding to the toast of 'The Northern Agricultural Association,' at the Singleton Show banquet last Thursday, Mr. George Lodcr, the president, attacked the system of giving State subsidies lo agricull ural societies, which, he said, should do without them, and were only pauperised by receiving them. The Government subsidy, he held, kept in existence a number of useless associa tions, which were merely formed to receive and spend the money. If the Government subsidies were abolished, only the live aud vigorous associations could exist. Mr. Letter's remarks were loudly cheered, und were endorsed by the representatives of several other societies' who were present. A Woodburn Man Robbed. — John Dona hue, a young man, appeared at the Water Police Court last Thursday charged with stealing part of u gold chain, the projierty of Clinton Ha'un. There being no prosecution he was discharged. A Sensible Bishop. — At Tenterfield re cently Bishop Green said that the time had passed when it was considered worth while to quarrel' over 'ritual matters. This might have done 100 years ugo, but they stood there that night on oue common footing, and did not wish to be in divided parties, but to stand to gether and knock down the common enemy, and that- enemy was sin. He hud been asked to which party he belonged, but he could tell them if a label was put on him, lie would soon take it off. He might, however, say that he was a low high Churchman, with broad church principles. He would warn them of the uvils of aggrandisement of one-self ; they should all work together in putting down Satan. Occupation Licenses. — Tenders close on lltli September for two occupation licenses of 5400 and 5600 acres, on Wooroowoolgen, parishes Coombell und Richmond, between Sandy Creek anil Travelling Stock Reserve ; upset 20a per section.; At Casino, on 21st September the following lota will be offered at auction: — Roseherry, 29,000 acres, 10a upset ; also 3500 acres, 'parish Boorabee, and 2700 acres Bungabee, upset 10s per section. The two lutter are east of ? Boundary Creek. Coincidence. — Tlie ' Orange Ltatltr has taken the trouble to nnd - out thai the. .Hon. Joe Cook, P.M.G., is .a native of Hartley, Staffordshire, and represent* Hartley, N.S.W. Another coincidence iu connection with Joe Cook is that the electorate of Hartley is in the parish of Cook. ' Conditional Lease' Rentals.— It is noti fied that the rents on the; following are over due, and unless paid, with interest, before 21st September, they will be liable to forfei ture — .). C. M'Kee, Casino, 373:^ anil 60a; W. ,J. Han-ace, Casino, 700a; J. C. Davison, Osino, 707a ; P. M'Greur, Casino, 960a; John Savilte, Casino, 960a ; E. Green, Casino, ;150a ; U. Huunert, Tabulatn, 216a ; J. Mul doou, Cusiiio, 508a ; R. Duncan, Alstonville, 409Aa ; C. M. Hcatley, Casino, iilOa. Committed for Trial.— Erskiue S. Smith, teller of the E.S. and A. Bank branch at Grafton,. wus ou Tuesday committed lo next Assizes on a charge of embezzling about- £930 of the Bank's money. The hearing occupied the whole of two days. The evidence of Caroline Norman, who was employed as charwoman in the Bauk, and the ledger-keeper (W. Oakes) showed that the money was not on the counter when the accused left the Bank ou Saturday, 11th instant. It waa albo elicited that the accused operated iu a strange manner on an account he had in tho Bank of New South Wales ut Dungog. Evidence wus also given of incorrect entries in the Blink's books, and of tho accused's financial position. Bail was granted— himself in the sum of £200, and two tfifretWs Mfilfeb nmtiuut. : V Sugar Cane for the Richmond. — Mr. Ice ley, visiting magistrate, f has,7 /at the suBges of Mr., Campbell, of.the Department of Agri culture, forwarded to tlie ilopartment a caso of angar cane from Lord Howe Island. The specimens received are excellent, and it is the intention of Mr. Campbell to forward them at once to thc cxperipient&l; {luikation at ' Wol lonfgbkrj uear Lismore, 'whi.-ro^lready tha col leetion of cane is varied and unique. A -'case of Cairus cuue has also been -forwardud.to the same destination, and it iB the intention of the depnrtih4ut to find out the liest kiuil of cane to grow in the district, with. .a,vicK of afford-, ing information to the numerous cancgrowcrs in the north. — Evenina Hewn. A Perilous Adventure.— The Shipp com pany of travelling theatricals, last week hud a. very narrow escape from drowning a few miles below Louth. The company consisting of five males. and three females, were travelling down iu tho Riverinu, paddle Iraut, worked by hand-power, when, turning a sharp ; bend in the river, the boat ran on a snag, which turned the bout clean over. The. occupants managed to cling on to tho snug fill assistance arrived, which was only procured after Mr. Shipp swam to the shore aud theu walked four miles in his bare feet to the punt nmn, who went to the rescue. The company hail only lately been formed, and everything of auy value was lost. Dalmorton Goldfield. — The following telegram from Mr. Martin, gold warden at Gleu Iunes has been received by the Mines Department : — ' Smith and party report the discovery of payable alluvial gold three miles east of Marenga Station. Obtained 9oz. -from about five loads, 3ft sinking.' Mr. Martin is under the impression that the find must lie of small extent. A report received by the Mines Department states that eight tons of 'ore .crushed at Swallow's . Nest,, near Rockley, yielded 51 joz of retorted gold. A Would-be Politician. — William Logan was sentenced to ouu month imprisonment in Buthurst gaol for having lio lawful visible means of support. . Logan contested last Par liamentary election at Mudgee, receiving 3 votes, anil at the recent Ministerial elections was announced to oppose Cook, but failed to urnve m time. This ludividuul is a sample of a majority of the candidates that nsked the suffrages of the voters at the last Parliamen tary election ; and, although he may be more poverty-stricken nnd impecunious than many of the others of that- ilk, his principles, if he has any, may be just, as good. The incident, however, shows how very unwise it was to take off the £40 penalty, and thus swell the ranks of candidates who desire to legislate for a living. It is well known that over three fourths of the candidates . throughout- the colony had not the ghost of a show of beiug elected ; but there is public expense attached to this business, and the sooner the £40 or higher pcnulty is replaced upon the statute book the better it- will be for the country in every way.- — Port Macquarie News. . Drowned by a Doo. — Last Saturday a boy named Mortimer Mitchell, 9 years of age, was diowned in a dam at Waterloo. In company with his brother, anil a hoy named Robert Simpsou, he went to the dam to swim a re triever dog. Mitchell was leading the dog with a thick piece of twiue, aud when reaching the dam the unimal suddenly jumped into the water, dragging the l-oy with him. Mitchell managed to get oil to the dog's back, but he rolled off and sank before assistance couhl be rendered. Off to the War.— John Chinaman is on the warpath. The Sydney Celestials in meet ing assembled have resolved to send a contin gent of 2000 almond eyes to assist in decimating the victorious Japs. The resolution is u most patriotic and noble oue, only it does not go fur euough. Ten times that number could be easily spared. It is to be hoped that the disciples of Confucius will not stand on the order of their going, but go ill legion, anil that promptly — never to return. Absentee Tax. — Iu writing upon the ques tiou of an absentee tax, and pointing out the injustice of spending money elsewhere than in flia ..n.. ....... »uA T.'l ? Hie cuuuiry iu is derived, me riaiieiu- in Freeman'* Journal says: — 'Asa sample of how this rosy little game is played at preseut, we find that of 750 shareholders in that money coining venture, the Australian' Gas-light Company, no less than 500 are said to be ab sentees. The absentee band, known as the Australian Agricultural Company, has 20,000 shares of the paid-up value of £21 10s each, tlie dividend upon which in each of the last two years has been Sos per share. The Peel River and Miuerul Company, uuother lovely absentee ring, hits a capital of £600,000, upon which tlte dividend for the past year was 4A per cent., ami so on through the long roll of patriots who bleed tho country at every pore. An absentee tux is oue of the much-needed measures that are prated so glibly about when au electioneering campaigu is on, butsoinehow the fat man always manages lo sit dowu on it uud squelch it flat when tlie time for act-ion comes.' Turned over a New Leaf. — It is said that the new Cabinet Ministers have turned over a new leaf iu the way of doing business. In stead of yarning, smoking aud its accompani ment, until the small hours of morning, they hold a regular orderly meeting from 5 to 7. It's to be hoped it will last. It would be un kind to even hint at the old story of a new broom. A Neat Retort. — An amusing story comes from the House of Commons smoking-room. A gentleman of Australian origin had brought in some Australian friends, and all talked boastfully of the superiority of the Australians to the people of the mother country. They insisted on this superiority to such an irritut ing extent that at last a member of a Northern constituency was provoked into retort. ' Well,' he said, ' the Australians ought to be superior to us. Most of their ancestors were sent over by some of our very best judges.' Damaise by Water. — Owing to the burst ing of a waterpipe at the warehouse of Messrs. Feldlieim, Gotthelf, aud Co., in Sydney last Sunday night, valuable stock was severely damaged by water. The watchman ut the S remises discovered water on the ground oor, und, upon making investigations, found that a stream of water was proceeding from the top of the building. Goods on each of the floors were consequently damaged, und the water must have been running for some time before the escape was discovered. The leak was stopped by the Fire Brigade und the goods covered by salvage sheets. The damage is estimated at £'2000. Gold at Rylstone. — Warden W. J. Wet ton, of Mudgee, has forwarded a report to the Mines Department stating thut he has visited a reef about H miles uurth-west from Ilforil station and about seveu miles from Rylstone. A prospecting protection urea had heen marked out. and claims pegged for a mile ou both sides. He fouud uhout 100 men on the ground. The reef showed good gold in the cap, and several very good specimens have been got out. The prospectors have been searching about in the neighbourhood for a long time, aud great excitement exists iu Rylstone ; but there is nothing at present to warrant a rush. The prospectors are getting out- a few tons of the stone iu order to have its value tested. The reef is ut Prosser'u Creek, and the miners think there will be a good show for ulliiviul. A great many miners' rights have been taken out. This, t he warden says, is quite a novelty for the Rylstone district. Cooloahdik Scene. — Weary, worn, and travel-stained man stops at a tent door to beg u drink of water, it is given, and the old digger aud the young one compare notes. The toil-worn digger proves to be James Hunt, the discoverer of the Thames goldfield, where he made over £100,000. James mariicil, and in Sydney bought the Dnke of Edinburgh's hot s'es and carriage as a present for his wife, did the grand tour, returned und lost his wealth on the same grouud from' which lie quurriod it. The ups uuil downs of u digger's life aro more startling than any romance yet Sublished, and it is quite on the cards that [nut will be sailing east ill the course ot a few months' with a pocketful of gold anil a deposit receipt for a few thousands stowed awiw in n silver-plated Gladstone bag. . Mr. Pollock has succeeded 'Mr,' Frewin as ga6TeV M ti&fwil.; 