[?] ROMANCE OF THREE LIVES. [By G-eetetjde Waiiden.] Cha:ptee VII.— The G-ibl Prom ? Meeciees. — [Contin ued.] This last was) Louisa Greet, who, peering into the drawing-room, saw the young bride, with, her hands clasped behind her, gazing up at an old-fashioned crayon drawing of two beautiful children, and felt moved to act as cicerone. ' Them was Lady Fenton and her Bister, Mr Maurice's mother, when they were girls. Ain't they pretty ? Ah do luv pretty faces, don't you, moom ? ? Lady Fenton was a beauty when she was yoong. She and her sister they was the Misses . -Kathleen and Norah O'Shannon, o' Dooblin. Miss Kathleen she married anEarl or soomthing — leastways, he was Sir John GHlmore,and she became my lady, and when he died and left ber a yoong widow, with a little boy, Mr Marcus here, she and her sister, Miss JSTorah, coom to stay '' oop V Yorkshire wi' soom friends, and Mr Robert and Mr John Fenton fell in luv wi' the pair o' 'em, an' they had a dooble weddin'. There wur another brother, William, but they're all o' 'em dead now. They say a Fenton always fights with a Fenton, and, eh ! but ah've seen soom fine row! oop here ! Mr Maurice, he's aboot the best-tempered Fenton ah've e'er mot, and he's like a yoong thodnderstorm when he's crossed a bit. But he was brought oop first in Ireland with his moother, an' ah always think he's got a lot o' the Paddy aboot him. Pull o1 fun like, you know, moom. All Irishmen are like that—at least, all ah've coom across. Eh, but this place would be mburnfnl like wi'out him ! Ain't it a 'orrid, dull, cheerless place, moom ?' 'It's cold, certainly,' said Police, who had been totally powerless to arrest Louisa's loud-voiced eloquence ; ?at least, the other side of the house is. But then no one seems to use that part much.' 'There's more nor one reason for that, maybe,' said Louisa, nodding her head meaningly ; 'not but what it's cold enoof to keep anyone oot o' it, let alone bein' haunted.' \ ?\BLaiinted !' repeated Felice, turn ing lupqn her informant with much in terest.: '?' .'.' ; .??? .'V :' V '? :; . ? :-. 'Eh-— what am ah saying? Mr Maurice he'd play 'Aamlet with me if -he knew !' exclaimed Louisa. 'Playing 'Aamlet,' as Felice had yet to learn, was ji popular expression in Clofield, suggested, no doubt, |by the mischief- wrought by the melancholy Dane, but in habitual use among persons who were in no way; patrons of the drama, or acquainted with the works of the ' divine William.' 'You need not be afraid^of, frightening me,' said , Pelice. ' I have very good nerves.': ' ????', ?' / :- \ '*?'??? -.' ' You'd need 'em if you lived here,' returned Louisa. 'Ah luv a ghost myself— rnoi that ah've ever seen one ; but ah luv to hear talesjof 'em, creepy-' like, before ah go to bed. Margaret, she's the one, She's fairstalled if you so much as look^to the stone quarries But this ere 'ouse is boncanny-like. What with my lady's- spirit-rapping, and the shoot oop room, and the 'orrible things that 'aappened 'ere seven years ago, and Mr Robert's going' and coming like a Jack-in-the-box, and Mr Maurice's fits o' rage at sight o' him, and that theer old Margaret croakiri' 'oot warnings, and Mr Mar oub'b nervous fits when a' walks aboot ? -'?:!?;? ? ? ? # white and shivery, and joomps if yer meet him, Stoneroyd ain't ' the cheer fullest place to be alone in o' winter nights. Prance, where you coom from, is very gay-like, ain't it, moom ? Eh, but yer speak English well for a fur riner ! ' ' Why, I was born in England. My father was an Englishman, and a Yorkshireman, too ; and I only went to live in France when he died six, years ago,' said Pelice, with some warmth ; ' and all that time I was always longing to get back here again, and used to watch the English cliffs across the sea from the sand dunes everyday. I was living in a still quieter house than this, though, Louisa, with my grandparents, and I never saw anyone at all from week's end to week's end but. the doctor, and the cure., except when I went to a country town, not. nearly so large as Clofield, for music lessons.' ' Eh, but that explains your marry ing our Mr Eobert, which ah never could understand !' exclaimed Louisa, with the relieved air of one for whom a perplexing problem had been satis factorily solved. ?/The words slipped from her without ?thought. The next moment she was Bhrewd enough to see by Felice's face that she had gone too far. ' Our Mr Robert's ' wife grew very red, and turned with a certain cold dignity away. In her heart she was longing, yet dreading, to hear the full truth with regard to her husband's career — long- ing, from a characteristic wish to know and face the worst, and dreading lest that knowledge should kill all hope of friendly or even of peaceable relations between them, ? But to have such information con veyed by kitchen gossip jarred upon all Felice's notions of fitness and of refinement, and she was glad when the. return of Tweedie, who came bounding over the fields from the town, turned the flood of Louisa's -garrulity in the direction of canine love and faithfulness, as contrasted with the inconstancy and heartlessness of men. Household duties at length tore Miss Greet from her favourite relaxa tion of talk. Pelice had learned from her that Lady Fenton rarely appeared down-stairs until late in the afternoon ,'? and that on this partciular occasion she had sent her daughter-in-law a, ia.essage begging to be excused until dinner time, ,as she was 'suffering from nervous prostration.' Mr Marcus Qilmore was apparently Buffering from nervous prostration, , too. At any rate, he made no attempt to entertain his step-brother's wife, but crept from his bedroom lopg after midday to his study below, where he remained crouched over the fire, consoling himself as best he might -for his 'disappointment about William Fenton's legacy. v .';'. Dinner,so Felice learned was 'soom- where between five and eight,'— at any hour, apparently, when any mem ber of this unmethodical household might ask for it. Lady Penton occa sionally presided, but never herself ate in public. Indeed, from Margaret's description, the dowager's life was chiefly passed in her own apartment, where * fire was always burning, and where the old lady read books of devotion, and wrote - letters, and composed verses ;- and. set them to music, and thrummed them upon an ! old guitar, and dozed, arid 'prosed about her youth to Louisa all through the day, and oftea half through the ' night. There was no reason, therefore, why Pelice should stand upon ] ceremony with regard to her g#iags- I ' Dut and comings-in.at Stoneroyd, andj with the restlessness consequent upon i 1 her unsettled position, she left the bouse as the light began to wane, and wandered off along the lonely road at the- back ef the houses, past the stone quarries, in the direction of a certain picturesque stone mill of very ancient date which served as a landmark, from its lofty position, to all the country round. Prom the gray panorama of the great manufacturing town stretched low in the valley to the south, it seemed impossible to escape j but as the ground rose higher and higher yet, the air from the distant moors, blowing over uninterrupted stretches of field country, fanned Felice's cheeks \ with its invigorating breath, making her young heart beat with r enewed hopes of a ^happier future. . That view of the -distant ' town seemed to fascinate her, and when the stone-flagged roof and gray walls of her husband's home came' close in sight, Pelice, after consulting her watch, and finding it was not much past four o'clock, avoided the- house, and struck across into the fields that skirted it. . ' ? ., \ There existed, although she was not aware of it, a third way down to the town, besides Maurice's field-path and the high road. This was ' the little lone,' a narrow thoroughfare bordered by tall hedges, approached by a gate and a couple of steps along the road facing (the lodge at Stoneroyd, and leading from thence,, through devious paths, to a point not far from the busiest portion of Clofield. Here it was that Maurice, on the preceding .evening1, had met 'that impudent, dark girl frem Mercer's,' whpse parley with himself on the Bub ject of the absent Robert he had reported to Marcus, and here it was that Felice, haying lost her way among its fields in the gathering twilight,saw, thrpugh a gap in the, hedge of that identical lane, wheih she was intending to Renter in the hope that it might 'lead somewhere,' no less a person than her husband, sauntering slowly along, tapping at the outstanding branches to right and left of him with his can*, and apparently lost in thought. ?' . Pelice drew back instinctively. . |Lfter last night's parting, it would beiyery difficult to behave towards her husband as if nothing had happpened to still further complicate , their strained relations towards each other. She had felt 'this strongly ever since that painful scene on the subject of her fortune on the preceding evening. But it was not until she saw him, no longer an. idea or a memory, but a living personality before her eyes, that she understood the full force of the fac|.r . ? ..' ' . /. ? . Her experiences of: the past few weeks had transformed the doubting, hoping: girl, ignorant of the world and its .wickedness, of the nature of men — of everything, in. fact, but the narrow' round of ^. her daily life, and somewhat- limited reading, into a thoughtful and saddened woman. Romantic fanciies, rose-coloured hopes, had given place to wounded 'sensibili ties- and broken ideals, to disillusion ment, and almost to despair. , Standing there, watching her husband in the twilight, Pelice ; suddenly realised that she was capable' of hating him. The discovery ? J came upon her as a horrible -1 shock, revealing, as it did, that, - little as she. had understood this man's true nature, it was possible j that' her own was equally a sealed ] book to her, and that this last was tbe £ more dangerous ignorance of the I j two. ? ! 1 So repentant. did; she become for ' ;he instinct which made her clench her teeth and shiver with repulsion at sight of him she had sworn so lately to lo\e, honour, and obey, that she would have at once joined him in his solitary ramble, but that his voice, in a tone of relieved impatience, struck /-' upon her ears at the moment when she was about to pass through the gap in the hedge to his side. ' At last ! ' Robert Penton had said. ' '??.? ?' ;./'? . ? . ???? '?'.: ? ? /?? . Was it to her, and had he seen her hesitation? Felice's doubts on the subject were speedily Bet at rest as the tall figure of a showilyrdressed girl came slowly up the lane from the direction of the town. -? ?' ;??'? ??,.;-. ??.' ?''-'.? ?-..-:' ' Oh, it's you, is it ?' this latter in quired, with real or affected disdain as Robert Penton barred hor progress with his stick, ? I'd have you know you must keep your distance, sir. If I'd have noth- . ing- to say to you when you were single, do you think I'll put up with yojur hollow love-making nonsense now you're married :? Strike's me you don't know Rosa Benson !' 'But, my dear Rosa— -—?', 'Miss Benson; if you please, a&d; none of your ' dears !'' ' Honoured, madam, if you desire it I What I have to explain is that my marriage was a mere matter of busi ness, which we need not discuss here, but which has made me a rich man, therefore a thousand times more attractive in the eyes of /women. Not in yours, of course ! Stony-hearted v Rosa ! See how constant I have been in my thoughts of you. . I actually remembered that you left your place ''? of business at half-past four on Saturdays and came home by^ this lane, and I have waited here quite five minutes on the chance of meeting you.' ... ???;.- /_ ? ?: . .-. ; ..?..* .,,,.,.. Miss Benson replied by a contemp tuous toss of her pretty head, and by some words which Pelice could not hear, for, to her intense relief, the ' pair moved slowly away at this point, and began slowly walking up the lane. V?. They had passed so close to her J that but for her dark clothing and the dim light, they must inevitably have seen her, since she had made no effort at concealmentbeyond keeping motion- i less, in the hope that they would move by without remarking her. The whole incident wounded her deeply, as was but natural ?.- but as Robert's whole conduct since his wedding had been in keeping with that little interlude with Flemish Marie.in the Chateau Depjardins on / his bridal eve, it would be hardly true to say that it caused her much (sur prise. But that he should openly boast of his marriage as a ' business arrange ment,- by which he had acquired .-- a certain amount of ready money,' to good-looking, bold-eyed members of her, own sex— this struck poor Pelice to the quick. Tears rushed to her eyes as, in bit ter humiliation of spirit, she turned her .back on the hedge, and tried, in ;. the quickly gathering . darkness, to grope her way back to the house. The ground was treacherously'- ; marshy in some parts, and, with tear blurred, eyes straining through the mist, she could no longer distinguish the outline of Stoneroyd on the brow v of thehill. ? ? Her sudden access of hopefulness and;bu6yancy had deserted her. That ''''?? bitter sense of wrong1, of undeserved suffering and ill-twatment, so hard ' . for young minds to endure, assailed tier now; and as her feet slipped and ~ splashed in the moist, irregular ground )\ er physical digcomfort geemed »nly ft necessary part of the dreary present and dreary future. She had missed her way,, and knew not which path to follow. The winter p- A wind blew, keenly, and lights began to gleam out of the dark, irregular masses which' expressed the distant town. Weary and ; heartsick, ( Eelice stumbled oh, as it seemed to her, for an indefinitely protracted. period, but in reality some ten minutes longer, until, diacerninga. fence a few. yards below,' she; was making for it, when a man's voice, vigorously shouting, arrested her steps. '? Hi ! Stop ! : You're walking into the beck ! Stand still until I come and lead you into the road.' Police obeyed, as she distinguished the. stalwart form of a man looming towards her through the wet and windy :darknessJ ,.??... 'Treacherous fields these are, if you don't' linow the way. , There's a deep beck d°wn there, this side ,of that, pal ing. : I've w;alked into it, myself before now./ Now, in which '.direction do you wish-to go,?' ' ? To Stoneroyd,' answered Felice, who had long: ago recognised the voice as Maurice Fenton's. : : ' G.obd Heavens, is it— yes, it is you, Mrs Feritpn. To think; you should be losing your way in this quagmire ! A few steps more, ; and you would have been* in the water!. Have you been out long ?^ ??' ?' -' ?'??'-'?' '?'''. ?;'? ?'' ?- ?[ ?'?? ' Ye is y two or three hours, I think.' Her voice sounded faint and weary. There was more than mere, physical fatigue in the weakness, and in the dispirited drooping of her whole figure, as in silence she laid her hand on his proffered arm, and let him lead Her home. i : ' This is the shortest way, of course, he explained ;'* although the '' little lace,''; is. ^he cleanest and safest,' . ' We will go the field way,' she saidi hastily. ; . And Maurice, who a short time before had caught Bight of his cousin Robert' and :' the girl from Mercer's ' flirting !in the lane, guessed, with sy mpathetic intuition,' that Felice had seeri; them t«o, and glowed with :tne tenderest and most chivalrous pity for her, and withv fiery indignation against her husband; , ' Od6 more item, and a very large one ', in ?my score against you, Master Eobert!' he said to himself, as he caught a glimpse in the hall at Stone royd of Felice's tear-reddened eyelids : ' and some day it shall most certainly be paidinfull!' {To be continued.) ?? .. 