&s;&n8emeiits.; DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. [By Touchstone.] The versatile Mr D. Barry is contemplat ing another visit; to Launceston. He is at present running1 a successful season of melo drama at the Alexandra Theatre, Mel bourne, the house being crowded nightly.' Eeferring to his recent production of The Octoroon,' the leading Melbourne weekly . paper Bays :—' Boucicaulf s drama of ' The Octoroon,' which is now being performed at the Alexandra Theatre, has not been played in Melbourne for a long time. Over 30 years have elapsed since its first pro duction here by Mr Joseph Jefferson, the most natural actor that ever visited Aus tralia; and many old playgoers still main tain that Salem Soudder was his best part, notwithstanding his own preference for Bip Van Winkle. Of the principal mem bers of the original cast, though so ex tended a period has passed, only four have joined the great majority, viz.:— Mr Eobt. Heir, who played Geo. Peyton ; Mr Fitz gerald, who appeared as Jacob M'Closky j Mr J. C. Lambert, who impersonated Mr Sunnyside; and Mrs Alfred Phillips, who represented Mrs SunnyBide. Mr Jefferson, the Salem Scudder; Mr E. Stewart, the Uncle Pete ; Mr Clarence Holt, the Wah no- Tee; Mr G. E. Ireland, the Colonel Poiudexter; Miss Eosa Dunn, the Zoej and Miss Marion Dunn, the Grace, are still Hying, the two last mentioned now bearing their husband's names. The present pro duction is distinguished by very liberal stage accessories, and by the appropriate representation of negro melodieB and pas times. The trial by lynch law, the burn ing of the steamer Magnolia, and the duel to the death between the relentless Indian and Jacob M'Cloeky, after the latter has been tracked through the cedar swamp, are among the sensational incidents which es pecially commend themselves to the favour of the audiences.' LaunceBton playgoers will be glad to learn that Mr Bland Holt had a favourable' reception on the occasion of his opening night at the Melbourne Princess's Theatre. Eelative to his initial production the iour 'a*.a1°ove quoted jemarks:— 'Mr Bland 22« n8^ ? d'amafci« ^ason at the Prin cesBs on Saturday, when he had an en-; couraging reception froma crowded house f The piece presented was a four-act play by Henry Pettitt, entitled ' A Woman's Re venge/ Some pretty scenery has been painted by Mr George Gordon, and the stage appointments are satisfactory in every respect. The cast is also sufficiently good for that clasB of composition to which ' A Woman's -Revenge* belongs The play is a fair specimen of the modern melodrama. It contains none of the extravagances of the old school which provoke unseemly laughter in the pathetic pa'iiges, but with a slight re-arrangempnt the personages and incidents are tbose which have done duty on a hundred different occasions. There is no attempt at development of character as the story proceeds. As the various individuals present themselves they are like so many puppets, who might as well be labelled, ' This is a villain of the deepest dye,' 'This is a good man/ 'This is an abandoned and malicious woman/ 'This is the virtuous woman who will suffer much but will triumph in the end/ and so on.' . At latest dates from New Zealand.Lyons's Operatic Burlesque Company were in Dune-' din, the Brisbane Gaiety Pantomime Com pany at Auckland, and the Howe- Spong Dramatic Company at Wellington. Prior to the departure of the last- mentioned com pany from Christohurch,,Mrs Spong, who chaperonts her daughter, Miss Hilda Spong, gave an 'at home' on the stage of the. Theatre Royal. There was a large atten \- dance of friends, and a number of songs and recitations were given by members of the company. Bfews comes to Australia of the success of two old Australian favourites in America. In a letter from the States to Mr Stirling , Wbyte, of Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, from Mr Harry Jewett, who is a native of New Zealand, and was for a number of years a leading member of Mr Rignold's company, the writer anticipates the most hopeful prospects for his future career, and records past successes which almost make one's. m«uth water. He has, he says, re nounced all his old time carelessness, and tkrpwn himself heart and soul into his profession, in which he is already a recog nised ' star.' Mr. Jewett also gives a most glowing account of the success achieved by Mr A. &.' Lawrence in Ibsen's ' Ghosts,' and! announces that this sound acfcor and all round good fellow has been given a two years' engagement by Frohman of New York'. . : Sims, Reeves,, at 72, gets ,30a an hour for teaching singing. ! The Daily News tells us that on the last night but one of the recent Melba opera season at New York, on the artists ooming forward the audience loudly demanded 'Home, Sweet Home.' Accordingly a piano was wheeled on the stage, and the. curtain was again raised, Madame Melba singing Bishop's popular melody, and M. Jean de Reezke accompanying the jprima donna on the pianoforte. This is probably the great tenor's first public appearance as a pianist. Mr Santley, the emiuent baritone, is not only a fine singer, but he has also a con-* siderable claim on artistic appreciation as a composer. A mass, an Ave Maria, and several songs published in his own and assumed names have ? been from time to time given to the world, and quite recently ? February 20, 1894— at the St. James's Hall, London, he produced, for the first time in public, a purely orchestral -orork, ' A Cradle Song,' which he conducted him ?elf. The London Daily News, in speaking of this performance,says:—' This melodious though unpretentious little Berceuse is chiefly based upon a melody first given out by the.muted violins, and afterwards re peated by the flute and violas. An episode divides the opening from the repeat of the first section, and there ia lastly a brief coda. The workmanship is simplicity itself, and of almost feminine grace and refinement, but the piece is undeniably effective, and Mr, Santley, who wielded the baton with the. confidence of a veteran, received a hearty recall.' Mb J. L. Lohr, the well-known theatri cal agent, arrived from Melbourne with the Coogee Tuesday. He is now repre senting the Thornton- Arnold Comedy Com pany, who will open in Launceston at the Academy of Music on the evening of Wed nesday, May 2, in that most humorous of modern comedies ' Charley's Aunt,' which as played by them has created a great - sensation in Sydney, Melbourne, and Ade laide, and is at present drawing crowded houses in Melbourne. Messrs Thornton and Arnold bring with them a company, which includes several actors and actresses recently from England, who have already made themselves favourites on the other Bide. The combination is spoken of as an unusually strong one. Besides ' Charley's Aunt' they will put on 'Hans the Boat man' in which Mr Arnold has made himself famous, and 'Captain Fritz/'Ja L. ' . ? .. ? ? . ?. very attractive comedy. The company will appear here for four nights only, and will open in Hobart on May 7, and after a short season there proceed to New Zealand. . ? - .... ..; . ? 