AMONGST! CHURCHES. THE REDEIPTORIST, FATHERS AT ST.I ARY'S 'CHURdCH. THE CEURCH CROWDED. •A' IScEWAL of the Mission held some fifteen months *ago iwas. commened in St. Mary's urelfo 0 thers:. $E previous an? theoger witli 'the well knownupietyaind zeal of the rev. gentle men, hadl crowded the church it the eleven o'clock service. On the previous occasion of their presence 'amongst is the sacred edifice was thronged at all the'services, both morn ing and evening, not even standing room be ing available. The Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Byrne, after which he delivered a short address to the congregation on the commencement of the renewal of the late mission, and on the Fathers who were conducting it. The latter, he said, were well known to the parish, and it was, there fore unnecessary for him to introduce them, as the last time they had'visited Wil liainstdivai they hd?dstirred up the hearts of many, and their words had gone home to be long remem bered.' He trusted the people of the church would make themselves worthy of the grace bestowed upon them by God during the time of the Mission. The Rev. Father Hunt.then preached the opening sermon. His remarks .were princi. pally' centred upon the benefits accruing from a good mission, and "vas" particularly impressive with the fact' that this was not another Mission but simply a renewal of the previous one. He illustrated his words by saying that "After the husbandman prepares the ground and sows his seed, lie goes out to water and see how it has prospered," so they also came back to see how it .was with the seed of the Word of God, which they had sown at the time of the Mission, had pros peored. To those who had persevered in the path which they had commenced at that time he would say "It is well : go on and persevere"; to those who had become luke warm, 'tepid, they would stretch forth their hands and aid them to return to their' former fervour;. to those 'who had fallen away 'altogether since the last Mission he would earnestly urge and pray to once sore return to the holy practices of their religion : they had not come to invite the just-no but sinners to repentance. He exhorted the congregation 'to make good use of the time during which the Mission would last, and pointed out that the last visit of the Redemp torist Fathers to Williamstown had proved to many the last Mission they were ever destined to take part in oh, this earth, and no doubt-ivithout prophecy.-the present Mission would prove to be the last for many more-perhaps of those present. The evening service was' conducted by the Rev. Father Hegarty who spoke to the same purpose as the morning preacher. The ser vice concluded with the Benediction of the '\MostBlessedSacrament. The congregation was very large. On Monday night the place of worship was again taxed to its utmost holding capacity, and the Rev. Father Hunt took the pulpit. The text chosen was from Jeremiah, Chap. 2 : Verse 19. " Know and see that it is an evil and a bitter thing to leave the Lord, thy God.". The preacher said that a man, if he were wise, to" attain any:great object wduld seoithat every obstacle in the way of its attainment was removed.' The one great object in the'way of man's salvation was mortal sin. Sin, in itself, was a transgres sion of God's' laws., :Venial sin .was but a slight transgreosion, but~he could not ade quately convey to his hearers the enormity and seriousness of mortal sin. Man, being the greatest work of God's creation, was naturally expected to obey. His laws. The rev. gentleman went on to explain that by committing mortal sim, man trampled on the feelings of the Lord. He compared this -although in a far more enormous degree, for orie was a God and the other but a man to that of a youth whom a prince had taken from the gutter, adopted,,reared,' and edu cated' as hits :owuison ; ithis youth, subse quently, making a false accusation against his foster father and prosecuting him upon it. The result~was'that the death sentence was p'ased, but'thepopulace, believing that 'the prisoner wits'innocent, would not find an executioner, and he was about to be released when the same.youth;. whom ihe had taken to his 'heart, stepped forward and aniounced that he would be the executioner. The preacher assimilated the base ingratitude 'of that'youth to man when committing dor tal din. Every; tiine that 'ire comniutted i mortal sin we subje~ted God once more to the sufferings of .His crucifixion. The preacher was listened to ivith great earnest ness throughout., On Tuesday evening the? Rev 'Fbther Hegarty preached at great length upon Confession. He said that there was nothing which caused such a divergence of opinion between Catholics and non-Catholics as Confession: Protestaunts looked upon Con fession as unnecessary to man's salvation, for what avails it, they say, to confess your sins to a man and to be forgiven by a man when God alone holds the power.to forgive sin. -negn th',eir emarks were right gdid givo power to me rglvo sin : for te?re not lthe apostles mlen, poor simple fisher men, had not Christ said to St. Peter_ 49 T will give thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven : whatsoever thou shalt loose upon earth shall be loosed also in Heaven and whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth shall be bound also in Heaven." Here Christ spoke figuratively ; that Contession was im. plied in His words there was not tie shadow of a doubt, but Christ also spoke more clearly when He said to His apostles "Receive ye the Holy Ghost: whose sins ye slall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sinsye shall retain they are retained." Confession was, therefore, a Divine-- not a human-institution. The priest in the Con fessional was the representative of Almighty God, and hle judged wccording to the din. positionofthepenitentlwhetherhlie waswortlhy of Absolution or not. Catholics had believed in the Coofmsjiooa nigh on tvo thousand years and would continue to do so until the end of time. No matter how black their sins were, if they approached the tribunal of Penance with a sincere and heart-felt sor row for having offended God, they would he forgiven. Confession was, however, of no use to them unless their repentance was genuine and withl that a firm determination not to again offend Almighty God ; all the Absolution in the world would not save them if they persisted in committing sin ; instead of reaping a blessing thereby they simply worked out their own spiritual destruction The priest had unlimited power in the Con fessional ; Almighty God had placed no limit or restrictions on them whatever. Ho hoped that the Catholics of Williamstown would, during the time of the iMission, avail themselves of the opportunity to make good, true, and earnest confessions, and return to the path of salvation. On W~ednesday evening the Rev. Father Hunt preached from tho following text : " It lhas been appointed for man once to die, and after Death, the Judgment." An immense congregation again fillefl the tl church on Thursday night when the Rev. S Father Hegarty preached and took for his subject The Holy Sacrament. Last evening the church was again crowded a ind the preacher was the Rev. Father Flunt. at Services have been held every morning at 3, 7.30 and 9 o'clock and will be continued li or the whole of the coming week at the T same hours, ai 