WORE EES OF A TE4.IN DIS PATOHEB. It was Ihe train-dispatoher'r tnra to tell a story and this nas the one he told : « I was working on a western road in 1880, and I had a long night triok. Tie seotion of road over whioh I worked waa a big one. It waa a single- track road and, aa traffic was very heavy, it kept tne busy all the time. O le week in Pebrnaiy there was a very heavy faU of anow and the trains all got beniaa. I was at my wit's end and one night— it waa Wednesday, February 16. 1 will never forget that date-I was trytog to handle a heavy eastboond passenger aod a westbound passenger that wan folly as heavy. The eastboond train was 'way be hind, and the westbound train had started out on time. I gave the enginoer of the westbound train an order to run to a cer tain station, and when I got a report from the eastbound train I ordered that engi neer to go to a oertain station and run on a sliding to alow the other train to pass. I was busy with a couple of freights at the tu»4 and when I got through and had I time to think it flashed upon me that I had given what we call a lap order. That is, the two trains would have to nm» ..nh other on the same traek if my instructions were carried out. I don't enppoBe that I woald have felt so bad it I had known that I was going to be killed ;that minute. The room swam before my eyes ond I nearly fainted from fright. I took a big drink of water and wired the nearest stations. Both rrported that the tr ins had left all right. Tbere was a etreioh of track fifteen mUee j long between the stations, and I eat there knowing that somewhere on that fifteen miles those two trains wonld go together and X wonld be the oause of the death of perhaps a score of persons, 'That was the most awful five tninntcifl I ever expeat to pass through. I tried to think and I oouldu't. My first impulse wmto run away, I grabbed np my coat and hat and waa about to go. Then I de cided that I would stay and take the oon scqoenoes. I sat down by my and stared at theolook. Every time the tele graph instrument clicked I thought It waa bringing tidings of a fearfol wreak. I pic. tared to myself the scene] when the two trains crashed together, as I knew they must, for there was no way to reach them, and every minute seemed like aa eternity. I wss pale as a ghost, and had not the strength to handle the key. Great drops of sweat rolled off my forehead. I lived a century at that desk during that half hour. ?Two or three times the impulse to run away oame over me, bnt I fought 'it back. Then I began to think of killing myself. I did not think I could live and know that I had made a blunder with puah disastrous consequences. I looked around for a pistol but there waa none there. I oven picked up my paper cutter and put it to my throat My nerve was gone, however, and I did not have the courage to out my throat. I p»yed that someone would oome in and kill me, but nobody came. I couldn't ait in my chair, and orouohed down in a h'T on the floor and held my bands over my »rs so that I might not hear Hie terrible 'dings that sooner or later, I knew would come over that wire. 'As I was huddled there I heard the operator at the station from whioh I sent tbe eastbound train calling me. 1 Ga ' was his oall, and he repeated it about a dozen timts. ' Here it comes,' I thought, by a supreme effort, I got over to the desk and tried to answer the man who was calling. It took me five minutes to get snffloient control of my nerves to answer the oall. Then I sank baok in my wh.li- »na wili ted to hear the aewB of death and destruction. 1 2fo. 1%/ he wired, meaning tbe eastbound train, ? ia backing into the station. What's up !' 'It seemed aa if Pike's Peak had been lifted off my chest. I jumped Bp shouted like a oniy man. it happened that the trains were running slow, -had come across each ether on a straight piece of fraok, had seen each other sua had had time to stop before running into each other. I was given a 30-day lay-off for the blunder, but I didn't kick. It took me all of that time to get my nerves straightened' out/— J. If ne. 