PAWSON TURING'S ' SECRET BY A. W. MARCHMONT, B.A., Author of " Miser Hoadley's Secret," " The Old Mill Mystery," " The Mystery of Mortimore Strange," Ac. [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXV. STBrnEN Balfour's Last Resource. When Miriam returned to Marllands she took with her a written statement of the facts from the woman who had masqueraded as Mrs. Thring, as well as all the " pieces of evidence" -the marriage certificate, wedding ring, locks of hair, station which the deception had been based. She had insisted on having these as part of the condition on which she consented to maintain the woman. She looked forward with the keenest pleasure to her interview with Stephen Balfour, and during the whole of the journey in the train her thoughts were busy settling her plan of action. She had him now fast in the not of his own contriving. There was no escape and she smiled at the anticipation of bringing him to her feet. She would break down that sullen, dogged will which had dared to set her" at defiance. She was glad, too, for Ruby's sake; but it was mainly of herself, her own plans, and the carrying out of her own wish, that she thought. If Balfour chose to fall in with her wishes, she would not expose him to the Thrings. She would see him first, and when he had made his decision, she would make hers. The marriage with Ruby could be broken off, and as soon as possible some means taken to make it appear that Balfour himself had been tricked by the woman at Pyneleigh-supposing, of course, that he yielded to her wish. If not-then his exposure should be summary and complete. The whole of the little world of Marlwyoh should know the villainous conduct of the squire. She did not reach Marlwyoh until too late at night to have an interview with Stephen immediately on her return, but by an early hour on the following morning she was at the Hall. Balfour himself was also in good spirits. While Miriam had been at Pyneleigh, he had been at the vicarage, where to his surprise he had found Ruby anxious to hurry on the marriage. She had told him frankly that her reason was her fear lest her father should tell Mrs. Thring the secret, as he had threatened, and in this way provoke the very trouble- that she was sacrificing herself to avoid. Balfour had at first, Bhrovvdly enough, appeared to hang back, and had only seemed to enter by degrees into her plans. At last, however, it had been agreed that the marriage should take place at the earliest possible moment at which Balfour could get the arrangements made, and that it should be secret, He was therefore preparing to hurry off to London to get a special license when Miriam was announced. He was disposed at first to send her away without seeing her, but thinking that perhaps he could more easily keep her in ignorance of the marriage of he were to see her, he went to her. " Well, bird of ill omen," he said, laughing, " what is it now ? Anything more in the melo- dramatic way ?" She saw that he was for some cause in an exultant mood, and her quick wit connected it with Ruby. " Nothing melodramatic-only something very true." " Not another will, I suppose." He laughed again at this. " I wish you'd find another that would give me back a bit ; or one that would take yours away from you. I think that would please me almost as much," he said, with a Bucer. ? Yet you'd miss it," returned Miriam, quietly. " Miss it What do you mean?" "I mean you'd rather marry a woman with money than without." "So would anyone but sawney. But I'll be hanged if I see any point in that. I'm not going to marry you. So if you've only come to Addie again on that broken string you may as well go away again," he said, laughing coarsely. " I've no time for that sort of rot." " What a vulgar read you are," she exclaimed. "The very concentrated essence of brutal childishness." " Well, you're making a deuce of an effort to get a lead for your husband, then," he returned, sneering again and flushing with anger. " Cad or no end, I'm going to marry an honest woman, not a-well, not you." Miriam paled and bit her lip at the brutal insult. " The chivalrous honour which prompts you to say that to me is a testimonial to your character. It reminds me of the bitter price I have had to pay in order to right my son." "Don't trouble yourself," he answered. "You won't have to pay any price at all so far as I am concerned. You need never set eyes on me again, unless you please. It is not I who seek you, but you who keep running after my coat- tails. Go away, and keep away, for all I care-and the farther you keep away the better." I am strongly tempted to take you at your word for never felt a deeper disgust for you than I do now." "Then why the deuce don't you go? I don't want you here-and I'm sure my wife won't want you." He laughed again, as he made this thrust. Miriam did not reply at once, but looked fixedly and thoughtfully at him, andafteralong pause exclaimed, I only hope one thing that you and the boy may never meet; and that he may never know from what a loathsome stock he springs." "Thank you," he replied, with a grin. " That's very kind of you. But don't be afraid. I want him as little as I want you." But Miriam had moved away, and was looking out of the window buried in thought, and did not heed him. When she turned round her face wore a resolute, angry expression, and her words were sharply and crisply spoken as she asked suddenly, "Do you know what I've been thinking in that minute?" ( yes and I don't care, was the answer. 'You look as if you'd been getting into a passion and working yourself up." . ." -Not that," she rapped out, firmly. " I was thinking whether I should stand these jibes of yours for the lad's sake or-put you in the dock without more ado." " Ah, more melodrama. I thought so," he sneered. " What for, please ?" Then before he.. . j ' ' ""u ul everyiuiDg about you. smile a? much of your hanged hysterical longish as I mean to, and the best thing you can do is get out of this. One would think you'd T< tiredly, Paying the silly part of the ghost of a youthful sin, rising up to try and frighten her with a lot of fantastic jabbering and jibber "iS, as if I was a child to be frightened into saving my prayers by the mention of a bogey. please to go, and don't come bothering here again, for I shall give my servants orders to turn you away from the door." During this tirade Miriam had had time to grow calmer, and when he finished she said, as Womens answer to that." She spoke deliberately seeming to clip the words between vessel; A WTalBt PTDelei8n. near Tiverton, wr tiny and brought away with me The written confession of your ? confederate." She fceenTí,?rííÍle rise" of Fication in Queensland has Sad be sheaoaks Newspaper css! smiled coldly as she paused to watch the affect of her words, and then added, " Your power over Ruby Thring £3 broken, and I I have broken it." " There was a glint of exultation in her eyes as she looked at him. For more than a minute he could find no words to reply. He stood and stared at her helplessly, paid to the lips with malice and hate, baffled rage and sickening fear showing in his face, while he struggled to force himself to be cool and to find words and courage to defy her. He could have killed her. " It's a lie, he muttered at length. S A lie." And his voice was hoarse and thick. That was all he could say. "What is a lie?" she asked. "When did you ever find me tell you a lie ? When did I ever threaten you without reason I have told you the truth in every syllable." He felt the truth of her words, and every syllable stabbed and stung him into a greater wrath, which he dared not show; and he shrank and trembled before the cold, con- temptuous look which she kept fixed upon him. He was a pitiful figure as he stood before her, now glancing furtively at her, now casting his eyes about on all sides of him, while he pulled nervously at his moustache with trembling fingers, which did not conceal the quivering of his blue lips. " I know nothing of this," he said, after a long pause. "Is that your only defence?" she asked, contemptuously. "If that is all you have a poor case. You forget the letters you wrote to your confederate in the early days of your conspiracy. I have them-and they would hang you if the charge were murder. But now, listen. I have no intention to press this matter to the end-unless you force me. I will give you a chance. No one knows of this, except myself and the woman-your con- federate. She is as little anxious as you to have the story told in a criminal court, in which she and you would listen to it from the dock. I will be silent on one condition-you know what that is." "What is it?" he asked sullenly, more to regain time to recover his self- possession than from any ignorance of the condition. " That you go with me to Australia, make me your wife, and remain there until we can do justice to our child." "And if I refuse?" I will publish your infamy broadcast, and spare no effort or. money to put you in the dock." " How long do you give me to decide ?" , Five minutes-not one second longer." She drew out her watch and held it in front of her. He turned sullenly to the window, and stared out, busy with his thoughts. Then before two of the minutes had expired, he turned again to her, and said in a voice which had recovered much of its usual tone, " I accept your condition. We shan't make a very loving couple ; but if you insist I'll marry you." The short sneering laugh which he accompanied the words, and his quick return to his usual manner, made Miriam suspicious. " That's not a very pleasant look to soak a betrothal with," he added, in response to the doubting glance she bent upon him. " To-day the end of the engagement with Ruby Thring will be announced," she said. "All right," he agreed. "As soon as you like." He spoke in a half jaunty air, and added, "I suppose, though now we're engaged we needn't continue this interview. We're not likely to take very kindly to the billing and cooing under the circumstances. You love me about as much as I love you, I expect." "Are you contemplating another trick of some kind? Is that the meaning of this sudden change of manner?" asked Miriam, suspiciously. " I'm hanged if you're not more unreasonable than even the rest of your sox," he exclaimed, with a grin, intended to cover the momentary start of confusion at her words. " Here am I falling in with every jot or tittle of your blessed plan, you're getting everything you ask for, and then you turn on me like that. You wouldn't have me ory, would you, because I'm going to have such a lovable, amiable, and silky creature for a wife ?" " If I thought"- began Miriam. "Well, don't think," he put in, when she paused. " Be contented with having beaten me, and having forced me to what I'd almost as soon die as do and don't fool about tricks and suspicions, and the rest of it, because I gibe at the result. And look here," he cried with some violence, " don't you run away with the idea that you're going to have a model husband. I marry you because you force me, and because you've worn me down. But don't you run away with the notion that I won't do my best to make your life as miserable as I can. By heaven, but those who thwart me shall pay for it. You may comfort yourself with that assurance, and make the best of it ;" and he laughed bitterly and angrily. Miriam looked at him keenly to see if he were acting and deceiving her. and the scowl of hate which he returned satisfied her that he was in earnest. After a few words, in which the final arrangements were made for Balfour to announce at the Vicarage the breaking off of the engagement, they parted. As soon as he was alone Balfour threw himself into a chair and laughed cynically. " Phew That was a squeak. She's as sharp as the devil but I had her with that last bust of temper. There shall be a marriage and at once, my lady, but not yours. I'm glad I thought of that knocking down to her. She fell flop into the trap, though I devilish near spoilt everything by the way I chuckled over the thought of selling her after all. Once let me get Ruby as my wife, and her slice of that old fool's money in my grasp, and they'll have to come round whether they like it or not." He stopped to chuckle over the prospect of this. " I'll be a near have, though. Ruby must leave Marlwyoh to-day, before the spitfire can get to the vicarage and before that he headed devil, Basil, gets wind of this I can manage that. I'll pitch some yarn or other into her about the need for getting away at once. I can tell her that her old fool of a father has been round worrying me with his intentions to take some stupid step or other about telling his wife of this business-or something of that sort. It's only take half a hint to set her on fire; and we can be away this afternoon. I'll go to the vicarage straight away." He rose at once, and as he crossed the room, he caught sight of his face in a large mirror. "Gad, I look a bit peaky. Hang that infernal woman for giving me these starts. But I'll do her yet," and with a muttered oath he left the room. [TO BE CONTINUED ON THURSDAY.] What will prove a most useful industrial development is the application of electricity to the cleansing and preservation of boilers. The method employed is the sending of currents periodically through the shell of the boiler. By this means the scale formed on the shell and tubes is disintegrates and easily removed. 