WHITE POPPIES. BY MAY KENDALL, Aotshor of "S rclh is Life," ' Drcenvs to Sell," "Prom a Garrett," etc. (Publisbed by. pscial Arrangement- with Messre. Ward, Lock, and Bowden; Ltd.). [NOW FIRST PrULIsHnD.j CHAPTEER II.-(Contihmede.) Yet that speech, in its way, was well worth hearing. There was a little Browning, a little Ibsen, a little of Madam Blavatsky, and ' The Light of Asia,' and telepatic force, and. the people, and the future, and ethics, and politics, and culture, and religion, for all of which the secretary had the greatest respect, so that he did not like to oumit any of them. There were many more points, too, so that Elsie began to be terribly afraid that the dinner would be spoiled before they could get back, though Mr. Trevanion *did not look as if he cared whether fish were underdone or overdone. Still she knew that men were sometimes more particular than women. But the secretary, on the very brink of pass ing on to German philosophy, which might have taken some time, realised suddenly that he had been speaking half an hour, and stopped conscience stricken. Then Jim, without another word, called on Trovanion. Trovunion began his lecture rather wearily. It was not the kind of audience to which he enjoyed speak ing. We may talk a good deal about seeking truth, but what most of us really want is a fresh kind of fiction, and it was so with the Philalethians. Some one had left the door of the room adjoining slightly ajar, and Tre vanion hear the teacup of some tardy Philalethian rattle, and wondered whether he took cream and sugar with his truth. Whon he came in a moment later, trying hard to modify the creaking of his boots, Trevanion felt certain from his expression that the answer would be, ' A little cream, thank you, but no sugar.' He was also conscious that his own voice sounded depressed, and that his words carried no conviction with them, and he began hopelessly to scan the audience as he spoke, in quest of inspiration, till suddenly, three rows back, he saw a face that understood him; and he went on lecturing to that face. It was a girl's face, as the reader will have guessed, and very beautiful. That night he looked at it often and observantly, though with the ' general' look, that any one accustomed to public speaking can always assume. There was something in its beauty familiar to him, he hardly knew how or why. Later on he thought that it was only the sense of being ' in sympathy' that often springs up between two persons who have never even spoken to each other. That first night he watched it, but before the lectures were ended, he seldom looked towards it, and then almost furtively. But he lectured to its owner, all the same. 'You are coming with us, Tre vanion,' said Jim, when the lecture was over. 'Many thanks,' said Trevanion, rather dejectedly, by reason of the us.' A? quiet dinner with Everard was 'one thing; half a dozen of Everard's brothers and aunts and sisters, who, for aught he knew, would regard him as an authority on truth, was quite another. Trevanion put too much of himself into his lectures to feel any thing but tired out at the end. 'Oh, only my sister, Elsie;' said Jim, tranquilly. 'You won't mind her.' And he led Trevanion up to 'the face.' It was after eloven when Trevanion left the Everard's that night; but then soon after dinner they had begun to discuss apparitions, and psychic force, and one knows what that means. Nothing breaks the ice like a ghost, or leaves people so ignorant of the flight of time. 'I never stay anywhere like this,' said Trevanion, in perplexity, as he took leave at last. 'I don't know how it is.' ' Do come next Wednesday,' said Jim. 'If I may,-oh, but I think I had better not !' said Trevanion. ' I have been talking unconscionably.' S'I have talked more than, you have,' said Jim. ' And I have just thought of aniother excellent story, which you must come and hear.' 'I- am sure I have talked a great deal,' said Elsie, but Trevanion shook phis head. ' No,' he said, 'you have-boon .silent, and drawn us both on insen .sibly.' 'Elsie can talk,' said Jim, reassur tingly, ' but one frequently doesn't -know what she means. She proceeds by eclipses, in a manner peculiar to herself: and you.have to be in her mind before you can tell how it all holdi together. At least that is the case with me; but I am a dull fellow..' Elsie shook her head in reply to all these statements; but she was silent. Just then, they were.all three stand ing by the fire, and outside, the rain was beating against the windows. Trevanion looked at her . lovely, animated face, with a sudden conviction that he should gener ally understand her. He shook hands with Jim, then turned to wards the door; Elsie thought that he was forgetting to bid hei good-bye, but the next instant he hold out his hand very cordially, saying, Sl-May I really come again ?' .' Do,' said Elsie, and her eyes also promised a welcome. 'We shall be so glad if you can.' ' Thank you,' said TrevAnion. ' Then I will come. Good-bye.' And Jim went with him to the door. I ' Don't you like him?' said Jim, coming back into the drawing-room, where Else was yet standing by the fire. 'Very much,' said Elsie. ' I fool as if I must have seen him before.' ' Where ?' inquired Jim, practically. 'At Aunt Sophia's ?' 'No,' said Elsie, decidedly. ' I moan -Jim, do you over feel as if you must have known people before ?' ' Oh, you moan a previous existence and all that kind of thing,' said Jim. ' Well, I don't know. I think I'll smoke another cigar. Are you sleepy?' ' Not af all,' replied Elsie. 'Sit down, then.' Elsie sat down, expecting some word of wisdom. But none came. Jim was thinking in fact that awkward complications might arise if two people, on meeting in this world, felt an inner conviction that they had for merly met in another. But it did not seem worth while or indeed advisable to suggest this to Elsie. So he finished his cigar in solemn silence, and when he spoke it was only to say good night. Trevanion in the meantime was walking home in the rain. If, a few hours before, anyone had told him that at half-past eleven that night he would be looking forward to the next Wed nesdayhe would not have believed him. But so it was. CIHAPTER ITI. VI. ' Truly, I would the gods had made thee poetical.'-As You LIKE IT. Trevanion found a small heliotrope scented note lying on his table the next morning, addressed in a hand he knew well. 'Dear Trevanion,' it ran, 'Oan you come and dine on Friday, any time that suits you ? Seven o'clock, say ? Only send back word, for we are going to have a royal spread. You, father and I-no out siders. I have managed to get the whole day free. There is a great piece of news to tell you, and it's my birthday ! So you must come. 'Excuse pen. STýrI Trevanion smiled; the note was so like Vi. All her notes were like her, always written in a hurry, apparently, always with bad ink and a bad pen, always on a fresh and hideous kind of writing-paper, slate colour, or pink and green, or some appalling shade of yellow ochre. Nor was it ever smooth, like the writing-paper of other people, but ribbed, or rippled, or embossed. Then half the words were underlined, for no reason apparently, and notes of exclamation were scattered broadcast, and frequently, again for no reason whatever, enclosed in brackets. The handwriting was a wild scrawl, and yet, the letter had an impulsive, care less, generous look that one liked, and that was most expressive of Vi. He sat down and wrote his answer, after pondering over his engagements. ' Dear Vi, 'An hour later, if you don't mind. Many happy returns beforehand. SYours, ' Jou TRaIvo.IoN.' \- Sometimes, in the course of nature, a platonic friendship seems possible. Even Trevanion, in the general way a scoffer, did not see why there should not be an occasional exception to the rule that these things cannot come to good. And his friendship with Vi was that exception. He had been guide, philosopher, and friend to her, since she was twelve; and it had always been plain sailing. As for Vi's falling in love with him, his theory that she, having known him from a child, regarded him in the light of a fatherly uncle, once or twice removed, seemed tenable enough; at least, nothing had ever occurred to break it down. Besides, Vi knew his circumstances, and that he could not yet afford to marry, as well as he him self did. And he was not, he always concluded vaguely, a man who At tracted women. Mr. Romilly, Vi's father, who was curiously unlike her, had been Tre vanion's tutor, now many years ago. He was a singularly unassuming, un worldly man, who would always be a scholar and a gentleman, but who would never be prosperous. He had an air half deprecating, half expres sive of a certain modest dignity, as of one who knew that he had left many things undone in his battle with the world, that other people would have done, but did not altogether regret this. He had seemed the least likely of men both to fall in love with, and to marry, a handsome, dashing, good natured young Irish actress; but that was what he did. Moreover, as Tre vanion knew, for five years they were very, happy, though very poor. At the end of these years the young wife died, and Mr. Romilly and his little daughter Vi were left alone in the world. It was eight years after this that Trevanion came across them in Lon don, when their fortunes were at the. lowest ebb, and Mr. Romilly was look ing for work in vain. His own pros pects, just then, were little brighter; but he did all he could for his old tutor, who, though destined to be un successful as we count success, was as conscientious, patient, and laborious as a man could be. Mr. Romilly found a situation that was permanent, and lucrative enough to keep the wolf from the door, though never to drive him far away. Vi, at this time, was a lovely child, inheriting all her mother's beauty, and her buoyant nature, and spoilt con sistently by her father, to the full extent of his scanty means. Indeed, she was a child whom it was difficult for any one to resist spoiling, to their uttermost farthing. Friends sprang up about her wherever she weont perhaps it was as well that none of them had any money ; but her father was her chief friend. There were two of them; but when Trevanion came upon the scene there were three instead of two. Mr. Romilly took some dingy rooms not very far from Trevanion's, and there Vi grew up, having a great deal of her own way. She resisted all attempts to send her to school, and here her father's lack of funds seconded her resolve. So she had lessons at home, and her father and Trevanion taught her in their own spare time, all that she could be per suaded to learn, reading and writing, a little, a very little, arithmetic, and a little French. Trevanion found out that her voice was worth hearing, and gave her what musical instruction he could, and she learned more from an ex-organist who had ruined himself with intemperance, but was a good man when he was sober, and taught Vi for nothing with the alacrity that people generally displayed in serving her. Necessity instructed her in what cooking and needlework she know; and at all events her handiwork satis fled Mr. Romilly, who went through his life more absently than any other man Trevanion knew, and who, with his shaggy board and shabby coat with his thin figure and contemplative air, looked like some gentle Buddhist, to whom all things were equal. Yet he was more strictly honourable than most men, and contrived, in a general way to keep out of debt. Debt per turbed him as few other things did. He was not seriously perturbed when Vi, at nineteen, announced her intention of earning her living by singing in public, and said that she had already secured an engagement at a small concert hall. He had a child-like faith in his tall, beautiful daughter; and to do Vi justice, care less, even reckless as she was, she had both common sense and a sense of honour, and might be allowed pretty safely, as a rule, to follow her own devices. But it was Trevanion, who had been away from London when Vi declared her intention, who in quired into the character of her engagement, and made sure that all was satisfactory, and lectured her goodnaturedly on her new responsi bilities, with something like an elder brother's authority. So Vi began her career as a public singer, and became quite popular rather, it is to be feared for her beauty than her voice, which was good, but not remarkable. Moreover, though she sang pleasantly, and with feeling, there was not the faintest spark of genius in her performances. But she was not ambitious, and it did not trouble her that she could never aspire to the Crystal Palace or St. James's Hall. As she grew more and more popu lar in her own small sphere, she naturally saw less of Trevanion, who worked harder than ever. But they were just as good friends when they met; and Vi, who had no girlish con fidant, told him the history of her con quests with perfect frankness. And her conquests were many. Trevanion refused to hear the proper names of her adorers, justly considering that this would be a breach of confidence;: but he his upon the device of calling them, as they increased in numbers,. by the letters of the Greek alphabet. Vi was generally strict in adhering to this methol, but one day she let out the real name of Kappa, which was Francis Vokos. Since then, Trevanion had made the young man's acquain tance; but Vi and he still called him Kappa in private. (Ta be Continued.) 