'liOVE'S DREAM. CHAPTER XXVII. THB CLOUDS ARE LINED WITH SILVER. ? About two weeks later Marian received a lettor -from Dr. Hunt that very much surprised her — a letter that made her heart beat with joyouB hope. The doctor wrote : * ' Deae. Mibs Trkmayne : — The friend to whom ?l I submitted your father's musical work, and whose sympathies were enlisted by my recital of Mr Treniayne s affliction— thia friend writes to me that the opera is the production of a man of genius, and ?only wants a paina taking revision. I pressed him give it attentiou for your sake, mentioning you ^n)y by your professional name of Mrs. Temples. He now wishes to Bee you as early as possible to con sult with you regarding the matter. I have refrained from mentioning the name of Treinriynu, either in connection with youraelf or with your father, as my patients all go by numbers, so that bo one knows anything concerning them from my establishment. My musical friend is named AUbright— Dr. Allbright, the Willows, Cranloigh Fields, Hertfordshire. In the first place write to him, asking for an appointment. I feel certain that good will come of this. 'Yourevery faithfully, Alfred Hunt.' Marian read this letter over and over again. ?Oh, if it were only true ! Perhaps the opera would yet realize a handsome sum — sufficient to help them in their present need, until Mr. Tremayne was well and strong again ! She wrote to Dr. Hunt, and every line in her letter breathed the gratitude that she felt. By the same post she communicated with his clever that he should think her poor father's work con tained merit, and stated that she would be pleased to viEit him, with a view to business, any day ex cepting Tuesdays and Fridays. On these days Bbe had her classes to attand. The reply from Dr. AUbright was prompt, and to this effect : Mrs. M. Temple, — Madame-. I am glad to be able to say that your father's composition is of most unuoual merit. As it stands, however, it is useless ; and if I have your permission to re arrange, and make what alterations I deem neces sary, I may b* induced to produce it on mutual terms, or sell' it outright for you. Kindly pay me a visit, if convenit-nt, next Wednesday. Be careful to state by what train you will travel, so that my carriage may be at the station ? to meet you. — Sincerely yours, Peter Allbright.' Marian was now in a perfect fever of delight. The opera was of unusual meiit — Dr. Allbright — one of the greatest authorities of the age declared so. Surely Heaven was answering her prayer for help ? On the following Wednesday morning she was up early, and looking more hopeful and bright than she bed for many weary months. : ?-' The clouds are . breaking at last,' she said to Maggie. ??' And I hope to bring back with me happy, happy new3. Take great care of baby, for I shall not be home until very late. Cranleigb. Fields as only thirty miles from here, but I have to change trains three times, and then have a long drive . across country.' She kissed the baby good-bye ; she was growing ix- love the dear little child for its own sake as well as its mother's. Itiras nearly eleven o'clock when she reached the little station at Crauleigh Fields, and found a smart-looking horse and chaise waiting for her. ' Mrs. Temple ?' queried the coachman, touch ina Tur Viafc. ' ' Yes,' replied Marian. ' I am.Dr. Allbright's man. I have come to meet you, ma'am.' ' Quite right.' She stepped into the chaise, and having seen that she waa comfortably seated, the coachman touched his hat again, and off went the horse like a rocket. Marian never forgot that beautiful drivo. It was a -clear, bright morning in early October ; the air was. cold 'but bracing, and the way was through some of the loveliest country in England. The trees were bearing their richest tints that autumn -ever paints ; the ever varying shades from russet brown to blood-red crimson, quivering in the wind -with, a mournful kind of music, while some of the giant 'trees, through which the golden aun was shining, teemed crowned with a fiery glory. After a long drive, the horse slackened speed at the foot of a steep hill, and when they reached the top, she saw the village a mile away, nestling in a ?verdant -valley as though asleep. The only sign of! life was the blue haze that hung above — formed by the .curling smoke from the chimneys of the cot tagers. , IS she was charmed with the primitive looking village — with the lovely country — she was doubly charmed by the honre of Dr. Allbright — its perfect gardens — its miniature terraces — ita ivy-grown ?walls. The carriage stopped at a side door, and a servant -woman came to assist Marian. ' The doctor is out for a little ??while,' she Baid ; 'but Miss Allbright, his sister, is expecting you, Mta. Temple. Gome this way, please.' Marian followed and soon found herself in the presence of a stately little woman, with a smooth skin, and snow-white hair. She preeted the girl pleasantly and without any formality. Her brother had been called away but would be back in an hour. In the meantime Mrs. Temple would' doubtless like refreshments after her journey ? ? - ' Yes, thank, you,' Marian .replied, brightly. ? Miss Allright conducted her guest to .an ante chamber where she could take off her outer wraps, and bathe her haudsand face ; then they wentdown to the dining-room together, and were soon the best of friends. The doctor was back at the time Btated, and was Agreeably surprised when ho saw Marian. Ho thought that lie had never before seen so beautiful a girl — such a perfectly splendid specimen ?of budding womanhood. He was rather astonished to find her so youthful and married. He wondered -vaguely who and what her husband was—or had been — for he understood that ho was dead. ' I am afraid,' he said, 'that we shall not get through very much business to-day. Are you prepared to stay here until to-morrow, Mrs. Temple ?' 'No; I had not expected that,' replied Marian. ' Then we must go to work at once ; I really 2-aveK*t a great deal to eay to you yet:; but what I have to settle forthwith is of the .utmost impor tance. -I desire you to follow me through a part of your father's opera ; I hear that you are a talented musician; therefore, I shall know that I nm not wasting tittle. After I havi* pointed out to your weaknesses, redundancies, and matter that is .quite irrelevant, I shall require your consent to totally obliterate these useless passages and leave the opera in my hands entirely. If you are agree able to this, I promise to have it on the boards after Christmas, under the supervision of one of the most astute managers in London. IE ifc-haa a snecessful run— and I say that it shall have a successful run . — you may get some thousands of pounds out of it, and still retain all rights. Understand, please, that J have ho monetary interest in the matter, I do not; require any. I am doing this primarily in the interests of art — it is my hobby — my delight.' ' I leave it entirely in your hands, sir,' Marian said, her heart bounding with gratitude. 'If it is a success, as you predict, will it be very long before I get a little money ?' He looked at her keenly. ' My dear lady,' he smiled, ' if you want money, Tny astute manager will advance you a hundred pounds immediately. He is too clever a man to lat thia work drift out of his hands. I will communi cate with him by this day's post.' ' Ob, you are too good,' Marian murmured, tears standing in her eyes. A hundred pounds seemed a small fortune to her, and she little dreamed that Dr. AUbright had decided to help her out of his own pocket for the present. He conducted her to the eastern chamber, and begged of her to be seated while he played through some portions of the opera which he had re arranged. Marian listened, and, under the influence of the splendour about her, her sense3 were ravished The doctor presently took up a violin, and asked her to play the accompaniment on the piano, a magnificent grand, which could tell of the cannon's mighty roar, or ripple like a summer cascade. ' There,' he said, at last, ' fully one half of your father's work has been eliminated, as you will observe by the marked copy before you. It was in part bald and pointless, but contains music that has not been equalled for half a century. There is a fortune in it, Mrs. Temple — a fortune in it.' She heard a step in the doorway, and was con scious that a familiar figure was standing there. The fair hair, the clear white skin, the tall, soldierly form. Heavens ! there could be but one man in the wide world who could look like this. She turned icy cold, and felt that the blood had left her as colourless as death. ' Mrs. Temple,' broke in the clear, decisive tones of the doctor, ' I will not detain you longer than is necessary ; you have a long journey before you, and I never allow ladies in my care to travel after dark — particularly young ones.' The man in the door- way muttered: 'Pardon me!' and disappeared, while Marian gazed after Viim nimnsf cfnnafifld 'Tell me, Dr. Allbright,' she whispered. 'Who is that gentleman? I hare seen some one like him before — a very dear friend.' The doctor glanced at her quickly. He had not observed Athol uutil now. He had been attracted by the music, and had momentarily forgotten the expected visitor. ' That can be no friend of yours, Mrs. Temple,' he said evasively. ' At least I think not. It is a blind patient of mine — a Mr. — a — a — Dudley.' ' Thank you,' the girl replied, summoning the ghost of a smile to he-- face' ; pray do not think any thing more of my foolishness, but the resemblance gave me an uncomfortable start.' ' These chance likenesses are very common,' smiled the doctor. 'Now if you are ready, Mrs. Temple* you can go to the station. You will just catch the four-thirty if my man is hurried up. To-night I shall write to my manager, and you will hear from me by Saturday at latest. During the next two weeks I shall endeavour to put the opera into shape and shall want you to come again to sign one or two needful documents before we put it into the hands of the theatrical people.' In half an hour Marian was being rapidly driven hack to the station— her mind in a perfect whirl. Who could be this Mr. Dudley, so marvellously like Athol? He must be % relative. How dreadful it was for one 60 young and handsome to be blind ! She had only seen the lower half of his face, but the likeness to her lost lover was wonderful, and his voice, too ! Some way she had felt drawn to him — his presence had sent an electric thrill through every nerve — — every pulse, and she longed to see him again ; she longed to see him because he was so like her own dear love. And when she was gone, the doctor sought out the young earl. ' You startled my visitor, Athol,' he said. ' I am sorry ; I forgot that you had warned me not to show myself. It was your beautiful music, doctor. I could not resist it.' ' My vieitot was playing, too. She has a delicate touch. By the way, do you know anyone named Temple— a lady ?' ' Temple— Temple ? No, I don't think that I do. Was your visitor named Temple ?' ' Yes — a young widow, I imagine. A beautiful creature. The loveliest woman I ever saw,' said the doctor. ' She thought she knew you at first, and I was afraid that you had put your foot in it, but it was a oase of mistaken identity — one of those absurd likenesses that occasionally cause trouble.' (To be continued.) 