There ia no misunderstanding tlie meaning of the direction given last evening by the Assembly to recall Mr. Gilliea. It is the first time that the newly elected Parlia- ment lias had an opportunity of speaking its mind on this subject. But it lias now spoken with an emphasis which the Govern ment will find it impossible to ignore. The appointment of Mr. Gillies to the Agency- General, when it was made, was an act the most rank and gross and evil-smelling in the nostrils of the general - commu nity. It was accompanied with all that debases tbe tone and morale of public life. The late Premier, who made tho appointment, bad but a short time before declared that an Agent-Geuernl was no longer necessary in London. He showed that the duties of theoilice, always moro nominal than real, had become virtually defunct since the colony had abjured further borrowing, and ho went on to show that what Victoria wants in London is an active business man as a goncral agent. There was a ring of good sense in the remarks, and tlie sentiment was endorsed all through the colony. Sir James Patterson had committed himself lo this dictum after having oilered the London appointmont to Mr. Gillies and having had it declined. But when trouble seemed to he brewing in political circles the late Premier felt, uneasy under tho criticism of his formor loader, and in order to remove tlie cause of his disquiet he made qnothcr tender of the Agent-General's post to Mr. Gillies. This timo tho prize was taken and the job was complete. It is not too much to say that tho colony stood scandalised at the cynical audacity of tlie transaction. Mr. Gillies is known everywhere to be a man quite devoid of the qualities requisite to business knowledge and snccess. And as to financial ability, lie is probably the most discredited public, man in Australia. As an administrator, he never undertook a department that ho did not neglect, and lie never made a Budget statement that was not a conundrum. His term at the Railways was tlie ora of all tho frightful mistakes into which the colony has drifted ; and his Trcasurcrsliip was a lengtlioned and gliaBtly failure, more marked, if pos- sible, than that of Mr. Carter. Even his enemies aro ready to admit that he is a mnn of ability as a Parliamentarian. He is able as a dobator, and skilful in the knowledge that loads tho shortest way to the Treasury benches. . This of course niado his presonco iu the llouso n constant nisnaco to the late Prcinior on the Treasury benches. But no one has ever seriously associated Mr. Gil- lies's uamo with any act of statesmanship or administrative business. Ail these facts wore perfectly well known in tlie country. Aud when, therefore, it was announced that Sir .Tames Patterson had suddenly .reversed his policy of having a general business agent in London, and had ap pointed Mr. Gillies as Agent-Genoral, with all the old emoluments of the office, there was a feeling of supreme disgust. It is not too much to say that this act was a largo factor in creating that overwhelming opposition to Sir Jatucs Patterson which left him stranded aftor tho country had hnd a chance to speak its sonse of Ills conduct. Tho now Assembly has been busy ever since its mooting with other pressing matters. It has never till last night had an opportunity of articulating its thoughts :n the subject. Once or twice questions (have been put to Ministers as to their intentions concerning the recall of Mr. Gillios. But the Government lias been shy. Whatever their feelings about the erigiur.. vviuiig, they were averse to taking any strong steps towards its rectifica tion. But on the discussion of tlie Chief Secretary's estimates this item of the Agency-General came in, nnd tlie whole iniquity came under review in the dis cussion which was launched. From all sides of the House Ministers wero told that here was a place where retrenchment could righteously ha made — that Mr. Gillios's salary was a wrong upon the burdened taxpayers — and that a retrench ing IIoubo would he disgraced if it passed this over untouched, while it made severe examples of poorer Civil Servants at homo. Mr. John Andorson gave perhaps the most emphatic voice to this goneral feeling. He rominded Ministers of tho useless extrava gance involved in Mr. Gillies's appointment, and of how unnecessary it was to increase the expenses there whilo Sir Andrew Clarke was doing tho duties for nothing ; while another member declared amidst approving cheers that " it was an outrago " upon the House to appoint Mr. Gillies," seeing that lie, moro than any other single man, is responsible for the colony's finan cial troubles. The difficulty was, how- over, as to how the Committee could most fittingly record its wish for Mr. Gillios's recall. The Chairman was appealed to, and ventured to hint at a motion that the Aeent-Genoralahin should he abolished : hut this did not meet tlie general wish. As Mr. Longmoro pointed out, the desire was, not to abolish altogether the Agent- General's office, but to remove its pre sent oecnpant. Evontually Mr. Graham submitted as a sort of test vote of the feeling of the House that tho Agont- Gonorai's vote he reduced by £500. Mr. Winter gave notice that he would further move as a special indication of the Chamber concerning Mr. Gillios's retention of the office that tho vote he reduced by £1. Howevor, there was such an overwhelming rush of tho House to vote for Mr. Graham's motion that no subsequent action was pas sible. The vote was taken in a House of about eighty members, and about sixty voted for the motion that was intended to rocall Mr. Gillies. Tlie Government went over and joined the members of tlie late Government ; but "ttioy wont over alone, and in their hearts they could feel no other than pleased at tho expression which they were nominally opposing. Tho Cabinet is said to ho recasting some of tho Estimates with a view to make up by further drastic retrenchment what it loses in tho altered incidence of the land tax. That is all very well. But this very action only accentuates tlie necessity of carrying out the views of tlie House respecting the recall of the Agent-General. It is, happily, seldom that anything so utterly disgusting as tho Fitts divorco ease comes before the public through the medium of tho law courts. The house of the peti tioner seems to have positively reeked with depravity. Adultery was tho normal condition of both husband and wife, and the very servants were swept into the whirlpool of sensuality. Tho crime which is the usual accompaniment of sexual vice seems to have been freely indulged in, and was confessod in quite a nonchalant way by more than one witness. With infractions of tho moral law tlic ! police are powerless to deal ; hut the publio will assume that the proper ' authorities liavo taken note of the : evidence in this case, aud are pre pared to vindicate tlic law of the land by the prosecution of the alleged trans gressors. It follows from the absolutely contradictory evidence given that gross and corrupt perjury must have been ram pant, so that tlie demoralisation of tiiis precious crew seems to have been complete. What is more particularly observable in this case is tlie absence on tlic part of both sexes of any regard for the sanctity of tho marriage tie. Neither husband nor wifo felt called upon to exercise anymoral restraint, anil the laxity of their moral tone seems to have infected all within their roach. Wc have, for example, one young girl admit ting that she maintained an immoral intimacy with one man whilst entertaining proposals of marriage from another. It is to he hoped that tlie ulcerous spot dis closed by tho proceedings in this mal odorous case is no indication of the general moral condition of the colonial popu lation, hut its possibility even in a single household should warn tlic churches that there is more immediate work for them to do than the redemption of tho far-away savage, when wc have scenes enacted in our very midst which would put even the vilest snvages to shame. This case suggests some grave considera tions iu respect to tlic working of the divorco laws. Tlic plain till' in this case obtained 011 ex parte evidence a decree nisi for the dissolution of his marriage, and would have got tho decree made absolute hut for private inter vention. It may ho admitted that, as a rule, the party charged with infamous conduct will enter a defence, but it is surely intolerable that in a case like this, where petitioner and respondent are equally compromised, the court should he called iu to sanction a collusive arrange ment. Surely tho court aught to have somo independent means of discovering the real facts. Mr. Justice Ilodges found that the respondent committed adultery witli the co-respondent as alleged, and that so light was her conduct that if she did not commit herself witli other men it was from no unwillingness 011 her part. His Honor's conclusion was fully justi fied by tho evidenco. It was proved, however, that the petitioner had been guilty of adultery also, and in his own house, and there was strong ground of suspicion as to his relations with a second girl, who was admittedly of loose habits. It was shown that the character of this girl was known to tlie petitioner, and that she had been illegally operated upon under his own roof, and yet he permitted her to reataie tnd associate with his own children and liifl wifo. Clearly there was no claim for relief from his matrimonial burdens on tho part of such a man as this, and his Honor not only refused to innke the rule nisi absolute, hut rerorsod it, nnd ordered tlie petitioner to pay costs. It may be said that there is something wrong in a condition of law which maintains tho nuptial bonds botwoen n pair who have niado a mockery of the institution of marringo. But tho refusal to release them from thoir fetters has nt all events this good cITcct — thai it prevents either of the guilty parties by a subsequent marriage carrying shatnc into any virtuous household. It is a law of nature that where fools abound there will always be rogues to prey upon them. Judging by the good time which tlie spooks and thosewhomanipulate them liavo had in Sydney, it mny be assumed that wisdom is not all-prevalent in the Now Sontli Wales capital. There is a crowd of people who adhere to thoir folly in spite of the clearest evidence that tlioy have boon egregiously duped. Tho pranks of Mrs. Mellon in her "materialisation of spirit forms" wore essentially silly to begin witli, nnd per formed undor conditions which even sug gested fraud. In tho dimly lit room tho only light was undor tho supervision of tho medium's husband, rendv to turn it nut in tho cvont of any awkward contre temps. Tho medium herself ensconced herself in a curtained recess, and tlie "spirits" sho evoked made hut a modest appearanco from between tlic folds of the curtains. It seems that "spirits" arc soothed by mnsic, even as is tlie breast of savago man, for a period lind to he devoted to the exorcise of singing by tlie spectators before eacli presentation. The .simple-minded believers in spooks did not dream of the intorval being intended to give the medium time to get her self up in a fresh character; and, indeed, they wero generally in that happy stato of confidence which nothing can dis turb. Spirits abnormally tall, unusually Bhort, or medium sized, followed each other at intervals, " Geordio " delighting his audience with a few wretched common places, and the frisky "Cissio" displaying a most unspiritual predilection for chocolate bon-bons. Each of those materialised spirits had tho countenance half con cealed by a cloud of snowy mus lin, a circumstance which socms to show that a muslin cloud is the fashionable head dress of tho otlior world. The exhibition does not seem to have been anything like up to tlie performance in a country barn by tlie ordinary travelling juggler; yet it was regardod witli awe by educated men and women, pronounced supernatural by a learned judge, who is supposed to be able to estimato the value of evidence, and accepted with simple faith as a spirit manifestation by a profes sional gentleman who may claim to be something of a scientist I It only wanted an " inharmonious in- " lluence " in the person of Mr. Henry to cause a manifestation of quite another sort. This gentleman is subject to tho modern vice of scepticism, and surmised that tlie tall apparition was tlie medium witli a mask held above her head, and that little " CisHie " was the medium upon lier kneeB. This supposition was strengthened by tho suggestive circum stance that the tall figure had feet hut no hands and tlio short one hands hut no feet. A body heightened by a raised mask would have its hands, if displayed, in the wrong place, and feot of course had to he dis pensed with by a figure on its knees. It was easy onough to solve the supposed mystery if the proper means wero adopted. Mr. Henry had recourse to them. Ho made a sudden dive at "Cissio" and caught Mrs. Mellon, the medium, on Iter knees, and with her hoots and stockings olU Round her bond she had tho gauzy enve lope which appears to he in tho estimation of tho spiritualists tlie uniform of tho world of spirits, and she was hurriedly thrusting into her bosom something remarkably liko the black heard of tho materialised Bpirit " Geordie." Tho disclosure ought to have staggered tlie belief of the most earnest of the spook devotees, and it lias been followed up by Mr. Hoskins, an amateur conjurer, performing all Mrs. Motion's tricks without her advantages of a darkened room, freedom of movement behind a curtain and uncritical specta tors. The queer tiling is that tho believers in Mrs. Mellon and tho spooks arc in no way discomfited. They explain away tlie awkward circumstances, although in such a way a3 would convince only those who wore convinced already. It is this peculiar mental attitude on tho part of otherwise intelligent people at the present day which is noticeable. The belief in ghosts lias never been altogether extinct, even amongst the educated classes, butuntil a few years ago such grotesque manifesta tions as tlioso of MrB. Mellon would have boon witnessed with universal laughter. To day they are regarded with admiring awe by crowds of educated people, and men of science gravely investigate the supposed facts. No such serious consideration was given to the ghost lore of previous genera tions. Docs tho change indicate a general decay of the mental faculties? It can, we think, be more reasonably and satisfac- torily explained. Scjenco has niado such rapid strides within the last half century, and so many natural forces have been discovered and utilised, that the scientific mind is slow to pronounce against claims whichmay appear unfounded so far as our present knowledge enables us to judge. In old times, moreover, the believers in tlie supernatural had no respect for scientific investigation. But the spook worshippers of to-day delight in the use of pseudo-scieutific phrases, and thus hang 011 to tlic skirts of science, although, for tho most part, they only employ scientific terms to express unscientific thought. 