AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUITO. The Government got an unexpected large majority on the no-confidence division. Which shows that there was a difficulty in alloting the new portfolios. R. T. Vale of Ballarat must bo in the next new Ministry; so mast Kirtonapd Du an.- Therefore us Kirton and Dunn can not bo, they squelch brother Yale’s show ' by voting for the Ministry of P.iUqrS0D, Carter and MTntyrc, This feeling ran pretty generally through the &oUso;—What am I to Shiels or Shiels tome that I should displace Patterson? How; much bettor off would X be in a new shuffle of the cards?. Would the “little joker” or the “ right bower ” of a port folio fall upon ray end of the table, or would my constituents be so pleased that iBIOO in beer money would re-elect me instead of the usual *£200 or £300, skimp I their drinks ever so drily 7 A majority offifteen members appear to have answered these questions in the negative.- Hence the Ministry is safe until the next .time. - When you call on a gentleman at his house, and whether bo, brings out the whisky o«* refrains therefrom, or whether you meet him in the street or elsewhere aruTyou ask him for his opinions on a certain master with a view to their publication, and he unbosoms himself in ;Qli good faith, areyou justified three days afterwards in bosing. a fcieacherous and truculent attack on. that man’s private or political reputation? I think not. Under the guise of friendliness it is nob the correct thing to got a politician to give you his ideas in order, a day or two later, to repay, him with sneers and scurrility. It was this way. In one of the papers on Monday morning there appeared reports of “ interviews ” • with the district members on the then pending no-confidence motion It all rold very nicoly indeed that I suspect one or two of the hon. gentleman in question wrote out their own “ interviews ” for the paper, that is “interviewed” their own selves, (Politicians, theatre show people doing both the profane and the religious dodge broach of tho business are in the habit of indulging in this kind of trickery wherever they can humbug a newspaper into publishing their puffs and boostings). Anyhow the “interviews” in the case specially under notice read very nicoly. But mark the ingratitude. The lion, members having been “ used,” and having no doubt gone to some little trouble to pull their ideas together, in form for publication arc dealt with in leading article. The white-headed boy who belongs to the inner circle of “ our push” is patted on the back and furtive votes bespoken for him; the member who is going to vote os tho paper thinks he should vote, but who on other matters is a pariah and an alien, is passed over with one or two words.,Whoa it cames'to Mr. Bailee's turn he gets repaid for his pains by a sheerful allusion to his ambition, to be Minister of Mines—“ he’ll never be happy till he gets it,” but it is Mr. (Williams who is dealt with with absolute scurrility— “old Mandurang electors will remember a certain Liberal representative who ‘ratted’ twice within a year, and was rewarded with a portfolio when kicks and buffets would have been more in accord with his deserts. 31 is rather surprising that Mr. Williams should have forgotten tho circumstance!” Now what sense or necessity was there for bringing alt this up? When Mr. Patterson was knighted the other day did they say that there were certain circum stances which Mr. Patterson should remember which would make it highly inadvisable for him to risk the high wind that blows in high places by accepting the prefex of “ Sir.” Not they. Mr. Williams , was, Jnd.U-Cg_dwJ . f.dqjidjz kuown thdt his remarks were going -to be used as a peg upon which to found a journalistic bcdge-shootcr’s attack perhaps he would not have spoken. That alleged “ratting” business of Mr. Williams's I must confess T never could understand, 1 well remember his first electioneering address as a candidate at Kaglehawk in 1877\. He was a i Liberal, a thorough going Democrat and temperance reformer, then. Ho is tho same now, and has. been all through the .piece. What then becomes of the shirfnl'observation about “ratting twice within a year.” There are few members in Parliament who Imv6 been more consistent. If William*, who is the same to- day in his political sympathies and associations as ho was 17 years ago, is a “ rat,“ wfoat, fqr example, is tho Premier, or indeed almost any leading member of the Ministry or of the Opposition, Verily, it is a truth, tint the leaders-can “rat” as often as they find it convenient and not be accounted “ ruts ” whereas the.followers if they follow them npt, but remain honest, consistent and single heart* d raon will be slang whanged as “ rats.” Mr? Williams’s speech, so says tho Ballarat Courier was the only statesmanlike one delivered , during the no-confidence debate. If there be one member of thig Parlia ment pf ours for' whocq there is a particularly prickly rod in pickle it is Mr. Kirton of Ballarat. Last election he was returned, you will remember,. at the head of the poll for Ballarat West. The “old major ” who used to head the polls oyer there was third, apd so was out ; of it, Kirton who is or was a local preacher, was sent in on top by a combination of the labor and temperance and religious vote, The “ old major” who was backed, up by the old Reform and Protection Leaguers, by the old identities of. Ballarat, and by the liquor party was Badly left, both to bis and their astonishment. The case now stands thus with,.Kirton. Ho,“ ratted ” from the labor party when he voted last session for the substitution of Patterson for Shiels ; the Ballarat workers therefore have no more confidence in : him!; They hooted him at the memorable meeting when they wouldn’t give Patterson nor Shoppee a hearing, and when some of the irreverent scapegraces • amongst the workers “ chinked ” Bishop Thornton for appearing on the political platform under Ibare polesi The Trades Hall interest (lost to him, and the powerful liquor Interest (Shoppee, Fitzgerald, Thompson, Latter <fcc.j deadly opposed to him, poor young Kirton is in.a cleft stick.. His day visions of the puissant Post-Master General’s portfolio are, perhaps assuming the practical shape once more of the poor postman’s bag. The temperance and re ligious party alone cannot renew his term in parliament and so renew his chances of the, portfolio. . I think that Mr. Kirton is now about sized up. He can-talk by the hour and'by the yard on federation or upon: any Other threadbare and, claptrap subject, where the repetition of stale' platitudes stands in the place of ideas*; but otherwise there is no strength, or firmrfpss, no depth of conviction, in him. So fchp best thing, that Mr. Kirton can do. between inow and next election day is to re-securea snug little Government billet.- There is, for instance, /thei vacant secre taryship to the Agent-General worth a; tidy .£800 . a year. The regretted Professor Pearson wos a man of letters.' Wasn’tKirtpn a man of.letters, too? So as Kirton was " one of the ; original majority of four who gave Mr, Patterson his ahqrtly to be followed by hi8 /- shouldn’t the khight of the cleavernow do something handsome for his floundering and bewildering fol- • lower ? ■ '' ' ’• . v :'C", - : is . a ; nothing of iii^ ;Eyqn hia in . his, bijg 'Bpeebh off J pf^their" 'good men ? efc merely a repetition o£ * beforo , local preacher member £ ho ® eBt antl him. It wna Mr. ”’ ito as wasnum consistent nn o and bered amongst bh® g® 1877.” Mr. on the “glorious lUh of M- ‘ and hiB Bell was a carpenter ***«%* WM familiar a PP? lla^ 10 n n 0 ld” as a “Chips ’’—with tlm profiX and semi 'udiormj. form of r«g „ 1B S.rlry 100-mcoting i" £fn » *«. Ihea that he at the )og« ing and plotting, tl.o and garaUmg. I : go y oniu and around or with f*~S*SSZj> r„ the midst of this dobilitaling atmosphere ho said that it *®Sl l £ times for one to hold steadily to 1 ligious principles. Thus said ‘Old Chips,” But he said it m sorrow, and as a fact to be regretted by t^row fellow religionists, lle lud had no with the Ballarat labor party of bis and iy. | However why should it" bo more | difficult.to preserve one’s religion m ■***'■ i iiamont than else whore? If the religion is genuine, if U i« P vrt and l ™ man, why should it gob brushed off there any more quickly than in any other place? The really good all through mj” is not contaminated by the moral filth that ncceasi'y sometimes compels him to touch. If it wore so, how can ii bo that some of the Salvation Army people—men and women —-together with women Uko Miss Sutherland, men like the late Martin Hosting of Ballarat, the late Mr. Hill, the Melbourne City Court visitor, the good old Dr. Singleton, the Rov. Lockhart Morton and scores of others that might be named seem (in re lation to the living) and scorned, those of philanthropists, who are dead, to be all the brighter, purer and better in their lives because of their work —polished,* as, it were, as silver is, thoughit.be rubbed with a muddy cloth. Pairliaroent no doubt plays the mischief with the ; man’s religion ( who is only theoretically re ligious. But upon the religion that is compounded of a gentle and fine nature, together with a high and delicate sense of honor and of general morality Parliament should not aot as a solvent. Common vinegar will corrode a brassy imitation of gold, but it has no effect on the pure solid article. What did those speeches cost ? Accord ing to Dr. Maloney, Parliament costs the country £87,447 per annum. Reckoning the average-duration of the session at 76 days, and the average time the House sits six hours per day, the dootor arrives at the conclusion that Parliament costs £2OO per working hour! Therefore ns Mr. SHriels, first, and Mr. Deakin after him took up the time of the House for .3 hours apieco with their resultless no- confidence speeches they in that little “go ” cost the country £6OO apiece, or £l2OO between the pair of them. Was the entertainment provided worth the money? Would it not be cheaper to open a stage theatre and subsidise farces ? By the way, it does not seem to be generally realised that the Hon. Thomas Bent is paid at the rate of £37 10s an hour for wearing.a wig and sitting in the Speaker’s chair. Regarding the Psychical Research Society of Melbourne, the Argus has reported that Mr. D. M‘Alpine read the other evening an interesting paper to the ! members, the Rev. Charles Strong being in the chair, upon the subject of “ Maferiolisation.” In this paper he described what he saw at several seances held at his own house and in other persons’ bouses by two professional lady mediums, one of Sydney arid the other of j Fr*h,ran, ' beeri taken, more than a dozen figures appeared one after another in front of the curtain which screened the I “medium” from her audience. The i 1 figures -appeared to bo - those .of men, I women, and children, one particularly frequent visitor being a small black girl. All the figures were clothed in white glistening garments, and many of them spoke 'to the audience aiid -answered questions addressed to them. Mr. M'Alpine himself shook hands with one of the figures, which described itself as I “ Gcordio Thompson,” of Aberdeen, and spoke with a strongly marked Aberdeen accent. This figure ate a. portion of a “ bannock” whifii had been brought in by a lady visitor. The little black girl, who answered to the name of “ Gissie,” also ate a chocolate which was given to her, and after conversing on one occasion for more than five minutes, slowly dissolved before the eyes of the audience until nothing was left but a black smiling face and- th»n that bob disappeared. The paper (the. report concludes) was followed by a dis cussion. I should thjnk it did. “Rhoderiok M ; Alpine Dhu, ,Hol Hiero !” Alpine Dhu, is, of course, suggestive of mountain dew, and there’s nothing like it to raise spirits, To have properly finished off his wonderful narration ; Mr. M‘Alpine should have added the immortal . “ Tamo* Sbanter ” to the list of tho “ materialis ators that ho saw.” ‘<Tam would have been iafiis element in such an eerie com pany,” When a , roan begins seeing spirits; and little black warlocks that eat chocolate creams and brownies, “froe Aberdeen ’’ who eat bannocks, it’s about time for him to swear off spirits of all kinds and denomination ; or if that ain’t it, to consult the family dootor at once. “If you,” asked a ghost-see? of the celebrated physician Sir William Gall, recently; deceased, “if you saw in your room, with your own eyes the wraith of a loved and deceased friend or relative; would that convince you that the.dead can revisit the -earth ?” “ Not at all,” replied Sir William, “ it. would convince me if I thought I saw.anch an apparitioa that 1 was going out of-my mind.”. Seen tho scene at the door of a city hotel, in a main street last Monday night..- Time 8.30'; a dark, raw gloomy night, the piercing wind driving the cold soaking rain before it up the cheerless street. Delicate looking poorly dressed, five feet high wife standing-outside the door, pressing her few weeks old baby -to her ’breast shielding it os well as she could from'the rain and wind, and despair* ingly beckoning to her husband to come out. A 7 passing glinipse caught of the husband inside—a big red-headed six.foot fellow, sprawling over the. Counter, blathering with a cornpanion like himself and guzzling beer..: Query.: Should women have' the Parliamentary franchise, or should that baby (if; it’s a boy) take; it put of the big red-headed fellow’s skin with a rope’s end when lie grows up ? Another so-ine, this one on the pathway, by Lake Weerona. Father and mother, (both drunk) and three little children, one a baby, in the perambulator. Father wheeling tho perambulat.br, falls and throws the baby but on to; the road. Mother maudles over her fallen husband and wretched baby, and' tho three little ones,scream in chorus in their fright and their helpless misery. Memo for Chief justice Madden: Young Australians are remarkably deficient in the respect and duty: that they owe; Query for the law-makers How. deeply should the backs be. scored of those publicans who supplied . that man; and that woman w ith the dr ink; and; how /deeply, should their; aikicr ; be '*flayed, -rlpr drinking ifc under the Circumstance^: ; A-philosopher: A-lively; youngs man from : Maryborough, " now ,at . the Cue Murchison, wn “ All drmkB hore, frqm. ;npbb)ers up ■walrds,we; a - shUling r ettcH/ 'Therofore, we Mom imbibe, except at somebody * eleo'fl expense.” ' ■ *7 Ed passant it may bs noted iu* general election is going forward * Western Australia. Pity the OoouJ- 3 and Mnrclnson. cattdidfttoB who liaV* face the music of shilling nobbier* • * 