OTJE HEATHEN BROTHERS claim a lot of attention, and somehow. or other more sympathy appears to igo forth to those who are of a color that will stand washing than - those who are white. Why this thnsness? well, that is a connn runi no one has been able to answer fairly yet. 'My heathen brndder as black as my hatiB nearer to my pocket than my pale* faced kin,' says the man who stumps up a subscription and looks iu the newspaper next day to see if they have him ' in the list.' But never mind, there are many good, earnest, hard-working men amongst the Bissionaries, I know some of them and to know is to respect them. There is for instance »R. G. BROWN, V.B.O S., although he is a Brown he is what old Tom Coward would call ' a w.bite man.' Devoted to his black and chocolate colored brother he does not spend all his time in scattering scriptare texts and moral platitudes all over the place but goes in for solid practical work iu saving souls and studying nature. Tbe Methodist church has brought out, encouraged and placed in the front rank of workers, many and many a good true man, many a man of grit and go. I am not a Methodist myself but I cannot withold my admiration for some of that body's methods, although there are points even staunch old John Wesley would strike aside with ' the hammerrf his word'; and oneoftbebestpoints is the heroism of the men the church sends out into heathen lands, a heroism coupled with humbleness of bearing characteristic of the Methodist Church. You rarely, if ever, heat the genuine Methodist Missionary boasting of the perils and hardships he has endured, as an old bushman generally does. Your regular bnshman — fine, sturdy, brave explorer of the wilderness though he may be, delights in piling up the agony in order to show what a man he is, bat your missionary who carries his life in his hand scarcely ever talks abont himself — he is a true hero. BBATO .DR. YOULL by jove ! I like you for that. In the Mel bourne telegram of the inquest on the young girl who took poison and drowned herself— a sort of double-barrelled suicide — and in the attempt to. save whose life, another girl lost her gallant sweetheart, plucky Dr. Youll told the sneaking cur, Alfred Birtles, the girl's seducer, that ''if he had behaved iu this way towards the young woman fit ought to have lied to s&ve; Mr reputation,' adding 'If I had done what you have done wild horses would not draw an admission from me.' Brave ! again Doctor. Dj yon think a miserable car like that, a coward who could not even find plactt enough to make even an effort to save the girl he had ruined would risk his worthless life-? Not he. The wretched hound ought to be strippsc naked, let loose in a big room and flayed alive with a flogging by wet towels at the hands of a few strong armed women. Those sort of fellows are always curs of the worst type. M WAS BATHER FUNNY _ that deputation — that large .and influential deputation consisting of Mayor Willcox and Councillor Smeaton with a strong Scotch twang which waited on bluff burly Charley Kingston, the Premier, and tried in vain to cajole him into letting the City Council run a magistrate's Court of its owe, all to its own cheek as it were ; they dealt in flap doodle and Charlie in straight talk. ' We want a Magistrate's Courb,' says the Mayor, 'we are yearning for it: we can't sleep unless we have a Magistrate's Court ; and the Corporation pulse is beating forty pounds to the square inch by reason of their anxiety,' says he. ' Ye ken we're aye spoilin' for a Mahgis trates Coort the noa' says C3uncillor Smeaton, ' I'm no feeling vera weel rnyael for thenkin' o't. I canna get a wunk o' sleep and I baena appetite this lang syne for conseedering hoo thae pair bodies that break oor bye-laws canna be fiued by us, ye ken, instead o' being lugged up before that feckless body, Bailie Gordon, wha hasna ony mair conseederation for the Muneecipal Corporation than for ony ither body.' Then the Town'Cierk read theJPsaluH — no, ? I mean a list of cases dismissed from May 27 to December 6 last, and it was as good as a pan tomime,'and Councillor Smeaton observed ' that the multipleeceety o' dees missals showed -that the Police Mahgiatrate hadna been sae unbiassed, ye ken.' Then the Premier ^put them under cross examination and metaphorically turned tkem inside out and jolted them a bit in a way that showed how useful it is to have a lawyer for a Premier when he receives depu tations, Tom Playford would have btirted out a blunt refusal and have squelched them with that Bi& Foot. Kingston gave judgment against them, and they went away, that deputation did, sadder and wiser men. THAT SWEEPING REFORM suggested by G. K. Soward and elaborated by John Tid marsh finds favor amoagst a great many colonists groaning under the weight of our cumbersome, clumsy, ill regulated machinery for the government of the country ; they are getting so heartily sick of and disgusted with the ?sba-neful waste of time and money in Parliament which appears to bs — judging from last session — merely a debating institution for the 'purpose of furnishing many ignorant, bungling blatherskitera with the means of airing tbeir eloquence (sic) at the expense of the unhappy overburdened tax-payer. The member who goes in for stonewalling and talks for hours and hours ought to be called to account by his constituents and made to resisn unless he can give good reason for his flatulency. Tidmarsh suggests that the House of Assembly be. abolished and the Legislative Council allowed to stand but be reduced to ten good men and true to con stitute ministers of the Crown. Upon my soul there seeim to ne some thing in that. I have often heard it eaid, and by members of Parliament too. that the' whole business of the conntry could be better conducted by a Board of a dozen approved business men, we! I paid, and selected by the whole country — the C'vil Service to be carefully organised and strictly looked after. Very little respecb is felt for a large pro portion of our membsrs of Parliament, and the goad men have to suffer for the follies and ueeleasnees of the duffers. THE SLOP WATER DIFFICULT?. I see by the Bunyip that the Boari of Health have been wrestling with the slop water difficulty, and are going to have a special meeting. I will be at that meeting inspirit, but in the meantime I would -sug- gest that they had better not waste the slop water, but decant it off. and save it up for the next general elections, and buy a squirt. Eggs that have been laid by a hen ' not in the enjoyment of good health ' also come in handy at election time. METEORIC, I see a Gawler resident on Wednesday evening had c- his premises lit np by a lurid light supposed to be a meteor.' Great Caesar's ghost ! that is nothing. Why, one of my Freeiuncher friends went home the other night after seeing the old year out, and the moment he got indoors with the remark, 'Suaba jolly — hie — eveninsh ; saw oi' year out— hie— V noo yearah forst rate fellow — bio. Wisher 'appy noo yearsh tn'dear— hie,' a lurid light lit up the bed room from his wife's eyes, and when the broom handle caught him on the head he saw several meteors. BOBBIE BURKS Maxwell is getting rapidly on with the statue of Bobbie Burns down at Edwards tovn. The block of marble is flat on the ground, and is beginning to take the form of Scotland's bard. Maxwell is 'beginning on the featnjttB, and will shortly have the blook erected on end, «o m toQ&o; the Seer work at more ease. Hughie Fruer ii hud 1 at work on a lecture on Bams, «bd. a #o6$ : man to speak' on the subject he U; hi* \ Scotch is redolent of the BoiL Ito a bit ©I r a Scotchman mysel', though : ye wdnldn* - ' thinkifc . - :' :-: .-;.1? It is a funny thing that although I am ; passionately fond of Baroi's poetry; and, am : ; weel acduent wi9 it, I have never Owned a ? volume of his poems, but when times art : better T$L grow extravagant and bay one.' : 