qATHOWO DOOTRINB. r;i .CONFESSION. 1 : 1 PlSOOtffiSK BY THE V0RY REV. FATHER GAUGRREN. Who Vory Hov. Fr. Gaughron, O.M.I., tio&tinuod; hia diswmrsofl on Catholic i-ootrin,o ,at St. Patrlok'fl Church; ?-Fro- juanllo, on Sunday ovoniutf last, the ?ubjwV.boing -( Contonsion.' Thovoty »T, proadhor took for his toxt tho Vo*4» of our Loird an givon in tho ffoopol t-! 'Bt, John^c.hnPf xx, 22 2» ' Kooeivo yo ih« Hofy Gho*it whoso alnsyoxvshall rorjfivo thoy mo forgiven thoin, and '^lioBoyc shall retain U\oy iwro retain odV' JJp iiaid that )io hjvd iniondod to ?poaic that ovoninff upon anothor nub J(KSt, but tho attack mudo the provions Sunday ovening and roportod in tho Humt Nwv8 upon ono of tho mont Important portion*} of Catholic Doctrlno, h*n Induced' him' iiiatea/1 to mako a dofonoo of tho dootrino attacked, An attonipfc was mado to provo that tho praotloo of confonsion us existing in tho CfttUllo Ohuroh waa not of Divino Institution 1 that, it wufl opposed to ' tho tc'ttoWnff of Joans Christ, and in its Kpjrtiofttifltt wan pornioions to Ohriiitlun Wfopte. Tho rov. gontloman said ho had utt opportunity roconfcly of explain ing tho doctrine of coiifonDlon, and an a proof of tho Dlvlna origin of thopruetiflo, had ahown that it not only existed in tho tfOglhninffof tho Church, but that it wns (Swj'oUono'd by Scripture. Ho had to re float that in thifl attack— ns in tho pre vloim oncm by tho Nov. Mr. Bryant— i)\oro who a fjreafi doul ofnsHortlon, but no attoBipt to provo thn oormitness of whatwna nasorlod. Statements wore rtihilfl frfl/h tilno to timo, nomo- of thorn \- oftntlrfhlnpf charjfUM li^Jilnrtt tho Catholic. ' OhUfOh, and wlion tluty had boon proved Boi to' 1)0 Into thoir author had not 1 1fitH,drft\m thorn, iw fa manliness and fcohopty ho nhould, fcV, Gauf{hmn tiukl ' fya&.of tlio (jroat fallueiort of 1'rotflftUmt iam vrfoi tlu- contention that wo idiould inko th« Scriptures aH tho toxt-book of rtllwo'had to boliovo. llo nflsmed bin hoaWr i that there wan hd authority in thfl 'world to provo tho ftsBtnnption. 'I'hoTIoly Bible was not a compendium of OhflHtlftn dootrino. Wo worti not told to (jo to tho ncriptnro for our own ftytfj, but to hoar tho Cjiuroh. ConflJi .qttontly U they had not a siuglo toxt in ? ? support of eonfefision thoy nhould Ml' luwltato to accept it on tho authority of tho Ohuroh, But, fluid Vv, Gauffhron, what) wo did actually find in tho Iloly Bcripturo wna that (.llo ftoftfli1 of fdryiviHR Hlim wuh conferred upon tho Apoatlns. Tho Kov. Mr, Ulyiftjti had Bind whon any man or any society .fcliUniod Mu» prorogativo of abaolviny nioii from their .sinn, a aoaro.h intf onmiiry Bhould bo instituted, J'or oit))or it was a oaso of blasphomy, or ' thciaO 'Who donied tlvo claim worn rfi- fusing God's gift, llo, Father Gaughrort, waa quito wining, to' abide by tho for ? n\wlft of Mr, llryaht, W« find ouv Judr4 Riving, poWOr to tho pastor of his Chttrch to iortfivo ulna tho vory day ho roao from tho dead. Ah wo rend in $\\-. John, chftjt, xx, 10-21I, the apostloi woro jiUherod togotlior for foav of tho Jowu, our Lord ctitilo lo tluuu and said ' Porco \\)tt k) you, Ah tho Father has BO,nt mo I also nond you,' and t lion ho breathed upon andthonhoaaid'Roooivo yo tho Holy Ghost, Whoao sins you shall J'orgivo, thoy aro forgivon tliom and ?whoso yo sluill retain thoy are retained.' Tbo proiMjliof «aid they', could not .t\\-t- towt' wi find ft clowiu1' toxt than this, ' Bi\tl- jtWiv ? advorfiaridB said it was* a ' Bn'OWit atut awful powor' entrualod to ( tho Upoatloa and tho ditKriploa, but not .'?for' Wo. In faet. tliati whon our Lo'wi' tlpoko , ho , HitliL npmothiug wileli'hft did hot llitond thonito boliovo nfl true. Tlio Rov. Mr, Bryant euid, that ' thia tfust was oommitt«d to tho aasomb lott dlsuiplos, not to, tht) ap'otttleu only. If it hud boon niitriintcj to tho npbfttloi alono, thoro wan no proof that thoy woro ompoworud to transmit it to Othori, Or that it would bo rohowod IkfUu- thoir dooonao. Evon \i that powor had boon ftlvon, tho paj)f*l Jilotarolty Oould not make {pod 'its claim to exclusive apohtolioal huccihi 'uSbn. Kithor of tfumo (/s waa an cfltodtuftl bar to Papal absolution. -To fchfcti Jfjf.' Gtktt(jhren said that tho apoflt leSjrerO tho blMhopa, and tho dlHoiplci) thO prlosts of thoOhuroli,and oortalnly iho poxtor %a« glvon to both; Thovo vrab.nb doubt that Uutpotrorwati trann jnlttod.througli thorn to \ui, Tlvo powor Via* fttvou by our html foi( iho loliof of ipdOir, fllimovH and an oln waa to eonllniw, M Ito ltlflo Uti to Hia Olmroh a jnoanfl of cleansing from nin. Thoro exifitti no mbt« authority for tho power of tflvlntf 'communion, or i'01* promthlng oxoixtiaca by Mr. Bryant and liin follow miniatorH thdb thoro in for tho powor of forgiving v littaal thono pownrn woro not to dio out, 10 alao tho powor of pardon wnu'tb , Dontlnuo till tho end of time. Notwith Uatidlag Mr. ]lryai\\(,, it iamu'to curtain ,,M a,n, historical fact that in tho Catholic ?'?Ohureh tliol'O U Apofltolio H\iciU)8slon. CatholiO Bishopa can triu'.o their doneont ffrtfti upostlcB, an tho Popes can trace thoir 6iu:uo3!)ion in an unltrolcen lino , from St. 1'otor. Our V.onl onco worked v a mivaclo to show that aw numho had powor to forgive ninn. St. Matthow ttfyat ch»p.' U,, 2.0. 'They broU|jhli lo him a man eiolc of tho palny, and Our L6rfl «ald to htm yo\i be of pood heart thy sins are forgiven thee. Somo of the SurlboM pK^ent uM aft Protoatantn »tiy H\6W, Wo blaaphomoth. 'Vhon Our Lord reading their hearts naid ' which lo Ufeaaior to nay ' Thy »in» are forgiven thoo,' or ' viiio wpMul Walk,' ' \U\t 'ati y'ou tnuy fcnow that the Son of Man bus {lOwof on earth to forgive Rlnn'ho hon «»U1 to tho puMod mun 'riso \ip tftko thy bod nnd walk.' That very Bamo power, bo gftvo to his Apostlon, 'Au . tho Father hath nont me, I alno send '..j»Wi,' In Ht. Matthew, chap, xvill. tto 1 llnd Our Lord flaying 'Whatsoever yon . shall biml upon Karth In aluo bound in Imyop, and whatsoover you uhall loose . Upon, ^arth i« loosod iii heaven,' So in ,. 18 chap, of the HamoGo»pol to St.Potor, Onr Lord given tho Koyn of tho King dom and proceed!) to uho the Ramo ,: VJOrda, From all of theno, mud Fr. Gnughrcn, wo cannot but boliovo firat that Our Lord gave them tooww to forgivo biuh, and eocondly th^t Ho intondod tho oxorciuo «r tho powor as tho ordinary way in Whloh BVu oould bo forgiven. What tooitldbo ibo uoe or moftning of tho com ? inintlon th'xis glron if tho ainnor cotild ftoo hlmeolf in oomo other way.' How COUU\ thO ApoiHloB bind \i tho mnnor Oould loose himflolf. 'With regard to th6 noco«8ity of confession, Christians wero fo^ivU. V6 ? confess thoir sinit,' inan ' Knuch as tho apostlea woro givon powor to retain tho iiina of bucIi an thoy thought nocetwary, and how could they know which sins woro to bo retained, if tho sinnor did not make his faults known. So wria it undoratood by tho first Chriatianii. Aa wo road in tlio 10 .chap. Of tho Aetaof the Apostles 'that, many who bollovod, came confosaing their crimos,' and, what is more, offer ing satlufaotion )-y burning their l-nd booka which woro computed at tho valuo of 50,000 pieces of silvoi*. Horo yio have contrition, oonfo&Mon; and nut Isfaotion. YoVwo were told a nhort timo ago, it wn« derogatory to God'n honor tor ttinnorn to offer thoir works of satisfaction to Him. Thoio who h ml hoard tho touchlnga of tho Apoatloa muftt liavo bcliovcrt in their por/or to WO^WJ »U» o«U)0VWVUld Mi hMA oonfooscd to thom, Why «hould thoy? Protostantil say wo can go to God for forgivnnnoHH of our hIim without the intervention of anyono. Can we, oaid Fr. Gaughren P If God lm» appointed ludgoa to ailniinititor His pardon, will llo grant forgivonnofm in any other way P Tho Qncon haft appointed jnagon to administer her lawn to judge be Lwcon litigants, and if anyono woro to fittempt to take hincnuo direct to the Quoon would ho not be told to go to tho judgoH. Tho miniutor of God muflt oxercitio tho powor of judging tho guilt of tho sins bofore ho can pardon , the Fiinnor or retain tho shut, juut an tho ordinary judgo must hoar tho ovidonco boCoro ho can givo a decision. The aposUofi could only know tho offence of tho sinnor through confoHiiion. In tho Epistlo of St. John, wo rend that ' If wo confess our ,Hinu Ho la _ fnithf til and just to forgive uh our Bins, &o.;' Thin means, assort* Mr. 'Bryant, that wo must cont'eart our Hlna to God. Why no V h thoro any indication of that P God in not mentioned. On tho other hand concussing our sins in put in oppo sition to saying we havo no «iu.i In tho preceding verso. Now, who would daro to nay to God s I havo no flinti F Again, ono la faithful who koepa bin promlfies; ono ia juot who gives to imother what in duo to him. Now, whon hun God promised to pardon th6 sins of such as confess to Him P How is forgivonoan duo U) tiuoh confefluionP l)ut Ho did promlfio to pardon whwihin minister pardonod) forgivenoos from (lod is duo to ono who la t'orgivon by tho ministers of Cliriut. 1« it not roaaon able then to understand tho Apostlon fis roforrlng to confossion made to the pastOM of tills Church ? When we ltnoAV that confension wiih practioed from tho beginning wo easily undoratand tho 'toxt, otherwlHo it luw no moaning, Bt. Jiin'icii also tinys ' ConfoHu your olnn ouo to anothor.' It mny mean to a priest privately, in) tJio pvloat if* spoken of in tho pnuiodliipf vortiou j but it (loon not necos.sarily do uo, booauso it wj\fl tho pvnctlco of thouatly Chvidtlann to make public) cojtfeBclon, M \io\\\ t\fi private, in view of absolution. . Thoy aro to do uo that thoy nmy bo navod. His reiuloi'M know wnati Ht. Jamon inotmt, mj they had practiced cotifod aion for 25 yoaro or more, bol'oro Hi. Jamoii wrote. Mr. llryant had said that much strewn wan laid upon thin toxt oi HI, Jamoii l-y M-o Catholic Church— that tho Komanlnh dootrino of confoHsion was built, upon it. That wan not, ho. It wns not upon this that the Church ban biuied her doctrine of con fuHHJon, for 11 h llo bud unid, and uh the Hcripturo ahowa, tho practice had oxlutod i!0 yearn before tiU Jamoii wroto the words, Tho very rev. preacher thoro foro contended, that Holy tiorlpturo gavo abundant authority for confes sion both directly by tho toxt quoted, and indirectly by 'tho powor granted to tho paalorn of l.ho Church to forgive sins or to retain thom, to bind or to Ioobo, Further us wo llnd the practice oxIhUhj? till now, ovon If thorn woro no scriptural to wiirrsmt itf) oxlfllenco to tlio ]troHeiit, would bofiu'lllcient author ity for it, Had Chrintendoni gonu to alco]) ono ovonliij.;, knowing nothing of this ncoosoity for conl'cfiuion, and on awaking noxt morning discovered lifiolf bWieVltlg that tho pr/ieXlco wiih noooii Haryto salvation, onlyin ntush a way oouKl ltd Introduction after a tlmo of tlio Apostles Ijo aocountod for, An in nyoatlon of nuoh iinportiince could not fail to bo recorded, Yet whore ia thin record P What in the dalo of its intro dilution PTIiooarlloHtOhrliitlanwrltlngn rol'or to iban uthtngiklrtmdy pructiljod and Urge ita nncosstty, Tortullian, who wroto about A.D.UiO, or lu.-m than isixty yoara ufiQr tho apontlo, bt. John, iiayil, -n his book oil Ponnnco, ' If you with draw from confession, think of holl-ilro which confession extingulflhea.' Orlp;ci), a littlo lator, inouleaten -Jio nocconity of confeaiiing our moat aeerot ithw, evon Hino of thought (Horn, hi Levlt.) The preacher qnoloil from HL llunil (A.I). I*7fl) 1 Ht, AmbniHO (A,D. !!!//) nhowlng how confoimton ?wiin praollscd in thin timo, Hi), Augustltifc, given an anuwur to oin1 J'rotoutrtnt 1'rlcndn ) Our merciful Father willa n:i to confena in thin world that wo may notbo confounded in tho other.' Again 1 Lot; no ono any to himnolf ido poiumco toGodiu privatoj IdoitboforoGod, la it U»m in vain that .Christ hath wild, ' WhalRoovov thou ahalti Iooho on earth ahull be loosed alno in heaven P' Is it in vain that tho koyn havo been given to the Church :' Do wo mako void the (lonpol P Void tho wovdn of Christ T (Hoiu. xx.) Thufl doou St. Augustino antieipati) and auBwoi1 tho objection of the Kov., ,Mr, Urynnt, 1,500 yearn beforehand, St. ChrysoHtom (A.D. 400) in hid 110th' Homily, nays 1 ' So wo havo now at length renulicd the cloao of Holy Lent | now onpeelally wo nuiflfc pi'oiin forward in tho curoor of faatllig .... nndoxhibit a full and accurate confession of our sins, For aa tho onomy known that having confoanod our olnu and nh'own our woumlH to the physician, wo attain to nn abundant euro, ho in an espeoinl manner opposed us.' Wluit Had Vaplflta Uuiso early BixlntB woro, Hero we Hud them givon toftistlng at) well as confesBlon, «uid Fr. Oaugliren, Ho might go on to nt;y how tho naintn of all ngoo had obaerved the command to confess, Hut, Hiiid ho, even Protest nnto givo thoir testimony. Further on hiscatochiam required a ponitout to doolare that ho boliovou tho forgiveness of the priest to be tho forglvouona of God. Tho Church of Knglund in itn prayer book, on tho vlnltation of tho nick, directs the clergymen to Invite tho aick mail to mako a npecial confoa aion ol' hia ninn, it' ho haa anything weighty on hit) mind, nnd then to abaolvo him, using for tho purpose tho very uamo wordn nn tho prient of tho Catholic Church, The preacher then gave the words used, ' Our Lord Jooun Christ who hun loft power to hia Church to absolve all slnnoru who truly repent and believe in him of bin great mercy forgive thco thino offoncon, Anil by bin authority committed to mo, I ab eolvo thoe from all thy nina, In tho name of the Father, and of tho Son and of tho Holy G hoot, Amen,' Ho alno quotod from Fuller'n Church History, regarding the opinions of Jamofl I, and tho Protestant Hinhops of hio timo. Wo aho llnd tho practice of auricular confession growing in tho Churoh of England at tho present timo. Of course ono body of Prokntnnts ia not bound by tho faith of anothor, but wo woro told recently by Mr. Hrynnt that thoy woro upon inaontialn ?, \t Uuvt bo no, they must conriidor tho dootrino of confension an non-omiontial, and thoro* 'foro thoy Bhould not object toCatholiOB belioving in it. Tho Catholic Churoh in followed in thin doctrino by tho Groolc Church which separated from hor 1,000 yearn ago, by the Noatoriana and tho Kutyhiaub, who woro also cuti off from hor in the early ngea of hor hidtary, This in no only bocauso tho practico oomen to nn from Josuo Christ. Tho very rev. preacher said ho notieod in tho eloso of Mr. Bryant's nddrosu an appeal to tho bigotry of his hoaroi'fl. It was Had to son at tho ond of tho lfith century such au invocation of tho spirit of persecution to put down tho Catholic Churoh, Mr, Uryant'H words were— «' Through tho confeiwlenal, tho I apul power, with iln roligious ordorn, rules, ftg(ineieBandpernistoney,wa.ia for midable force in society, which adapted itaolf to evory niUiation, niulmib.)rdinn. UA ftvavvthiutf -u tJto ono niiu. of making an Italian ocoloNiantlo tho world's dictator. It waa making itn proaonco known in tho now countries, and needed to bo watchod with nloop lwin vigilance, and to bo hold in check by righteous restraints ) to bo . fairly mot in intollhYont cohtrovoriiy ) lent it nhonld grow upon tho ohoulderfl of Lhono young Pltatca, and only be got rid ofatlnntby.a impromo ofl'ort, which wan for tho individual, Juartyrdom, and for the Stato revolution.' Father Giuighron naid if that woro uot uu up* ponl to bigotry and tho preaching spirit ho did not know what could bo tonaidored ono, but Ciitholtcu need not foar it. Thoro wero a groat many of thoir Protootant neighbours, thank God ontiroly freo from uuch a upiril, and if thoro woro somo who woro under itn in iluonco Catholics need not fenr ponjocu tion, Tho])roaohorconoludod hinaddrcss by onrneutly appealing to bin hearers to Ijo faithful to tho teachings of tho Church, to bo faithful to tho practico of oonfoooion, of which they had oxpori oncod tho bonolltn oxtondod to thom by tho morey of Our Lord and Saviour. 