ELOCUTIONARY ENTER TAINMEwT. MR. REEVES AT THE TOWN HALL. Mr. Edwards Reeves, an elocutionist who has achieved a high reputation in the other colonies, gave his first recital in the Town Hall Aug. 23. There was a good attend ance, those present including His Excellency the Governor, Mr. Justice Stone, and Lady Forrest. Mr. Reeves diose form's initial effort in this city, Charles Dickens' beauti ful etfiy ' The Christmas Carol, ' so at hetieaUy and powerfully told by the great novelist. This ever delightful picture, so full of realism and pathos, and yet abounding in the transient humour of the errant wntpr. w.is oicpn with un doubted artistic ability by Mr. Beeves. The etory of Scrooge, Add tig encounters with the ghosts of Chrtetmastide ; his determin ation that 'Christmas is & humbug,' and his subsequent repodtacce and enjoyment of the festive season, were granfajcauy pour trayed by Mr. Reeves, ana anrmg the t#o hoars that the recital lasted the interest of the audience was fully sustained. Mr. Reeves is on elocutionist of power and evi dent ability, and the fact that he gave the whole stoiy entirely from memory, without the aid of note or book, is a remarkable fact. The recital was divided into five ' staves ' and Mr. Reeves was particularly good in his descriptions of ' Old Fizziwlg's Ball,' and ' Bob Cratchett's Christmas Dinner,' the latter being brought out with a realism that was highly effective, and heartily ap plauded. In the more pathetic passages, Mr. Reeves was also heard to advantage. The death of ' Poor Tiny Tim' was a masterly effort, while ' In the Rag Shop' was a clever instance of elocutionary power. The conclusion, with its bright and happy moral — so typical of Christmas — was given with fine dramatic effect, and the audience went away fully impressed with the moral teachings of tiie story. Mr. Reeves' first appearance in this city has been an undoubted success. His action is good, and he speaks with great distinctness ; every word was heard m all parts of the hall. He was, however, suffering from a manifest disadvantage ln«t night iu not having a proper light upon his face during the recital. The footlights were only sufficient to throw shadows on the reciter's features, and the benefit of facial expression — which it was evident is one of Mr. Reeves' strong points —was almost entirely lost. We hope this matter will be remedied at Mr. Reeves' future appearances. At the conclusion of the recital, which was much enjoyed, Mr. Reeves was very heartily cheered. A Melbourne exchange announces the death of one of the pioneers of squatting in Central Australia, within the boundaries of Queensland, viz., Mr. Michael Durack, who in the sixties joined his brother, Mr. Patrick Durack, now in Western Australia, in taking up country at Cooper's Creek. Several of the family had shares in the ven ture, and they became the proprietors of Thalunga and Gawley Downs. Patrick Joughtoutthe rest, and sold to Hie Queens land Co- operative Pastoral Co. for £150,000, paid half in cash and half in shares. Patrick apd. Miolwel transferred thoi»gner_ gies to V?esteru Australia/ -ience Michael returned lately to Queensland, dying at Archeroeld. A very pleasant dance was held at the Oddfellows' Hall, Fremantle, on Aug. 53, under the auspices of the New Swan Lodge, 4406, M.U., I.O.O.F. There were about forty oonples present. P.G.M. Mackay acted as M.C., and was assisted by Bro. W. Cummings; ? light refreshments were served dunng the evemng. . 