AfiTA popinr/ir BY THE FXiANBUB. The recent Sydney University reunion has reviveS the old discussion regarding the value oE a high-class £orm of education. Personally I am opposed to oue whole educational system, because ifc teaches the wrong things fco the wrong people in the wrong place, at the wrong time, and gene rally speaking it is all wrong from start to finisK With these exceptions, however, the system m&y; be taken as the embodiment oE perfection. The great erro£ in the existing method is that it teaches pupils to prate bufc noJi to think. Ifc teaches wovds instead of things ; it is in the worst sense purely literary. Apparently ifc sets oufc with the insane ides that the sole business o£ up all in adalfc life is to Eead or vjrifce books, to make and hear speechesj to discuss abstract points ia Greek and Latin, to argue in English, French and GermajJ. A cestain pupil was once asked to state exactly how tor the sun was ffom the ecrtb. He said he didn't know, and furthermore, he didn't want fc0 know. When he left school he wag going to be 0 ??' dough-banger,' or baker, and then ifc wouldn't; mattes? a dump to him whether the sun was one mile ol1 one million miles away. That party wca every poor scholar, bufc he turned oufc fco be an excellent baker and isa his own sphere did as much good fos? his fellowmen as au Addison or nu Arnold. Dr. Sydney Jones nay a—' Thooe of my ov/nagp, who, like myself, received their early oducation in New South Wales, wi!l romombeii1 how scanty and imperfect the teaching in most 0? tbe sohoola was, and how, gradually, but steadily, and almost paripassu wifch the growth of the University, that teaching improved in quality and beoame more and more complete.' Possibly all that is correct, bu'o what about the ?Jesuits of that teaching P If the early education of fcbia colony could turn oufc men aa brilliant in their profession, ag Dr. Sydney Jones is in hia 5 if ifc could give us a poet like Hendell, aa oratos? like Dalley, and such a profound master of literature as Deniehyj then ifc ought to be quite good enough for us to-day. Up fco date the Sydney University, which is a strictly olasa institution, has drawn something like £3430,000 from the State alone, besides a grant o£ 126 acres of moat valuable land, bufc as yet ifc has turned oufc ao men who can come within coo-ee o£ the intellectual giants who studied under the revered masters of the olden claya. Those masters taught but few BubjectSs compared wifch the awful programmes put forward to-day, bufc what they did fceach they taught thoroughly, and therein lay the secret of fchek gEeafc success. Give a boy q good sound, educational basis to stcirfc oa, and then iE therj is anything brilliant in him it's bound to come oufc on top in time. Some o2 the brightest lights the world ever beheld never went to Bchool at all. There is such a thing ag educating young people off their feet, and 0 very dangerous thing ib ia, too. ' Young Jim Johnson doesn't seem fco have done much good since he left oollege,' said an observant old dame one day. ' Wo,' waa her husband's shrewd reply. ' You see, the college eddicG3hun made him too denied a mart fco work and not sm'irfc enough fco gefc along without work' Consequent^ all he does now ia fco hold up a post wifch Mb back and. talk about social reform anfl stuff. By-an'-by he'il drift among the deadbeats* and then it'll be another case of ' Ovee the hill to the poorhouBeV'.. :The makings of many q deuced good blacksmith have been spoiled by parents insisting on their sons becoming barristers. And daughters are oftea treated in a like injudicious manner also. ' Where is Amelia. to-day ?' aeke3 a lady caller. ' I heard she had graduated at the Artistic, LifceE'c,ry3 and! Scientific Univerafcy.' ' Ob, yeo,' applied the proud mamma 5 ' bufc she foes now gone to a finishing school, where she will leara how to entei? a room wifch a queenly carriage, sit down with a iciBguid air, and blush afc the proper place in conversation , you know,' The matter of health-study is pethapD the most important of all thafc could occupy a pupil's time 5 bufc it is either damned by feinfc attention or aot taught in oui? schools at all. Ad Herbert Spencer says, it will nob benefit a sorrowing mother who has loBfc. hen1 child through neglect of health -laws that she can read Dante in the original. The woman who crsn Ss op a poultice properly is often of far more ase in a household than fche woman who can worry through Sophocles oj? Colenso. As a wise reformer once said, we want to kaow, first of all, about foods and drinks, and why temper ance ia all things io the highway to happiness. We need to be taught a philosophy of clothes so that we may kick against fashion fooleries and wear what is best suited for us. Wo require knowledge of the causes of disease — how bad drains cause typhoid fever, and typhus follows close on overcrowding and foul air, and how M'Garvie's microbes are eternally buzzing sound seeking whom they may devour. We want to know how to train the young physically and nurse thoagefl properly, and we should secure this knowledge even though ifc lowered our scholarly attainments fco fche level o2 a commonplace fellow like Shakespeare, who ' knew little Lafcio and less Greek.' We are told that whafc we gain in the way oE health in on9 generation ia fcsansmitted in a geometrical ratio fco the next, and finally, we can never improve on the old pagan poet's advice to build up a sound body in order that ifc mcy be the secure Beat of a sound mind. Health-study should be the first tbing taught— not tinkered with —in our schools to-day, bufc unfortunately ib ib a mattes.1 which is scarcely even mentioned. The present is what many persona are pleased to term tho 'enlightened 19:h century.' And yet the cable informs us that a millionaire named Hall has jusfc ataed the Barl of Abingdon Sot? fche non-delivery of a ghost ! Hall, it seems, bought Oumnoic 'Place, near Oxford, from the Earl in order fchafc he might become the proad possessor of fche prison o£ Amy Bobaart, whose ghoafc is supposed to glide round wifch noiseless tread— 81 When the night ?winds howl in tho ohimney cowl, and tho but in tho moonlight flics ; And inky clouds, like funor al shrouds, oall over tho mid night; skieo,' The otory n'uua that Dudley, Eorl oi! Leicester, was secretly married to Mies Eobscrfc, but he per auaded her to ?,'omain ia seclusion at Cumnor Hall until he drew ahorse ia a big sweep, or Mo ship arrived, or the cows came home, or whatever otheE fairy tale wag in vogue for fooliag- wiveB in those dayo, when of courae ho would proclaim his union fco the world in the most approved sfcyla depicted by the gifted cow- heol-aud-tripe-fod geniuoen who opin courtly fcaleo for fcho 1'oung Lames' Journal. One day Dudley told hia Amy that* he Y/a-3 going on aw electioneering camprigo, or to anew gold eush, 01? made some ofcheir plau« sible excuse, but Mrs. D. rc smolfc e, mouoe,' and! knowing fchafc eome high jinks were to be cni?riefi on at Eeailworfch C'nstle in honour of QueeE Elizabeth she contrived fco got in to the sovela wifchorafc a ticket, and then she caught her giddy lord maohing hio monarch in the most approved! style imaginable. Dadloy, I believe, v/as down oa one knee, and the Queen was putting his necktie straight andl telling him iu a friendly v?ay not to dirty his clean stockings oa the floor unless he hod a change in his carpet-bog, when Mrs. Dudley dciBhed up and shouted, 'So ho, my Lord Dudley ; and tins iofche rosy little game you're up to, is it ? GndzookB ? I'll put a ohip in your porridge when I get you home again, my joker !'s Dudley roBe to the occasion and to his feet as well, and without turn ing a hair he bowed gracefully to each o£ tho fair ones and sweetly said, 'As you ladiee doubt less havo something of a personal nature to Bay to one another, 1 will take my leave until youe little tetc-a tcte is oves1. Very warm weather we are having, ia it not ? Shouldn't wonder if we didn't have a ctoirm before loag. Give ye good day, fait ladies.' And thos he got into & cab and told the drives? to drive like Tophefc to the neareafc wharf so that he could catob the first boat foB anywhere out of Mereie England. Then there was a scene, o2 course. Bess called Amy a ' baggage' and Amy sauced hes1 backhand finally Sir Richard Vaimey persuaded Mrsa Dadloy to go home quietly, and when he got her to Camnor Hall he pushed her over a parapet infco aa abyss below and sprained hoc neck for the holidays. Ever since &iny;'s ghost hns haunted Camnor Hall — afc least fhifc ia fche way fche legend ran, but ifc io now very clear that fche whole affair was d put-up job oe the patt. of certain auc tioneers to boom the property, and so millionaire Hall ' fell in ' almost as heavily as Amy did, The case was decided against him, and a precedent haa been established to show fchafc ghosts do not come under the heading of either property, goods or chattels. The stony told in last weeb'a . Fheeman o£ young Ljnob, who d&Eted; out o£ his cell in Cork prisoa while a warder was iaapecting ifc, and esoBped, recalls a oimilap bat mose humoEOiss inoi ' dent which ooousred romo time ago in Darlinghuret gaol. At the time referred to each cell net aparc Job ' oepapato' paniahmeafe haol a bell ottaohed to it, go choir whenever a confinee required! anything urgently ha oould oummoa a WQKder to attend to his wants. Some o2 the wardera weuo attentive enough, but others when at meals would allow a prisones;1 to ring till he dropped before they troubled theiB heads about him. One day a boaeder, named 'Denny,' rang vigorously, bus ' Johnnie,' aa eccentric blijater ing old warder then on dufcy8 shouted back that he was too busy and Denny would have fco wait bis leisure. This didn't come up to the boarder's notion o2 what prompt attendance in a firat-olasa hotel should be, and so he continued fco haul at fche bell until Johnnie, fearing the Padding ton fire brigade would turn oufc, unhitched fche wire. That stopped the singing, bub the boarder then commenced siich a furious pounding an.d kicking at his cell door that the warder caught up his baton, opened the door and rashed in to espostu. late with big troublesome guesh Denny had backed infco a comer, however, and the moment Johnnie darted in, Denny darted oui', shot fast the boifcj and made his watcher a close pnaones. Fop a moment 0? two Johnnie was go dazed that he couldn't even uue bad language to free himself, bat recovering himself quickly he made B grab afc the bell to give the alarm and then aud? denly remembered thafc he had disconnected it and thereby cut; off hia only chance of an immediate release. Denny, however, took a walk along the corridor until ho came to a prisoner who was doing some special work, and then he coolly sat down and sfcartoi a chafe and began to boss fche job. This w&3 a serious offence, for 'separate' men are not allowed to talk to any one8 and when a senior warden came along about an hous afteEwards and saw fche Qfeafce of afiairs, he was ao thunderstruck that he could barely gaop oufc— -f What on earth aro you doing here J-M ?' Oh/' replied Denny calmly, ' my friend and my Bel? ape just discuGsin' politics; I'm askin' him now what fch' blazes good did owld Papkes ever do goir thia coirafcsty ? ' ' Where's your warder ?' caked the ofibes1, who was now convinced thafc Denny had suddenly gone mad and murdered Johnnie. ' Well, don'fc give him away if I tell you,' whispered fche other. 'Thefacb ia, this as Johnnie's bk'lhv^ay, and he's got awfully dhrunlr, and as I didn't consider ifc safe fco leave him afc liberty I turned him i atomy own cell — gave up my oivn bod to him, in fact, bo that he could sleep his booz j off before fcho Governor soea him.' Ultimately Johnnie waa discovered in fcho cell opeechluoQ wifch rage, bn* the senior wnrdor, being a sensible £ellot? and fond of a joke, Is opt the mo'jter dark, and no '' official notion woe takes. Onoe moEo has ffaut upended fiction and worked a matrimonial tangle that even the experienced Windeyer will find it difficult to wnrovQl. At the Glebe Court a few clays ago Elizabeth Kell sued her husband Donald, Kell, for maintenance. The romantic story told by the applicant; was that at the age of 14 years she was married to a sailor named Davies. She did not know his Christian name, but in a general sort of way she came to call him ' Tom' after they had been mamed a £ew years, and she thought she might venture on a little loving familiarity. One child was born, but Elizabeth tired of ' Tom' in four years time, and, according to her story, she then caught on to Kell, lived with him for 12 years, and then, probably considering that that was a very fair trial, she married him, and the pair remained lawfully together for 16 years. Kell, however, swears he was well and truly married to her the whole time, but of course 28 years is a long time to be married to one partner, as matters go now, and it is only natural that doubts will arise respecting a paltry matter of a dozen years or so. The lady then went on to say that she had not seen Davies for 28 years, and believed he was drowned. This was where the sensational part of the drama came in, and most effective was the denouement. Kell's solicitor had prepared a little surprise for Mrs. Kell. He produced her long lost Tom, and then stood back in order to allow the cruelly-separated parties to fly into each other's arms and form the crowning tableau. But they didn't fly any more than a pair of Egyptian mummies would. Davies swore he was the only original Tom who had married Eliza at Dr. Lang's house in '6], and that after one of his sea trips he returned and found his home broken up and his wife non cat. That didn't trouble him in the least, however, possibly he yearned for a ohange too ; and now we find that he has lived 12 yeera at Eveleigh, where he has raised a large family. Having recovered from her surprise Eliza threw grave doubts on the alleged Tom's identity. He was not tall enough, and her Tom had black curly hair and a black beard.' Then she called her sister, who mixed matters worse than ever by declaring that the Tom she knew was ' a little man, deeply pock-pitted, with ginger hair and furthermore he was 'a low blackguard.' As everybody hung on to their owh vesion of the trouble, the magistrate dismissed the case, and he may be pardoned for believing that if it had been brought before Solomon, the Hebrew King would have lost some, of his reputation as a referee in mixed matrimonial matters. 