The Storyteller. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] The Exile's Daughter. [ALL RIGHT RESERVED.] PROLOGUE. A GIRL OF THE PEOPLE. BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of "By Order of the Czar," "Cruel London," Clytie," Three reruits, "Under the Great Seal," &c.;, &c.; The sunshine and the shadow of a village wedding fall across the opening pages of this story of love and adventure. Hesther Grattan was the belle of the village of Tideswell when Jessop Blythe won her favour against several less courageous rivals. They were "a bonnie couple." That was generally agreed. Tideswell strewed their path with flowers, and Castleton reoeived the bride and bridegroom with feasting and the ringing of the bells of old St. Edmunds. Not that the young married people were any more than well to-do villagers. They were not even of what are called the middle clasß. But the Grattans of Tideswell had held land in the parish for a hundred years, and the Blythes represented the two industries' of Castleton. They were rope makers and lapidaries. Hesther had every qualification for the part of village belle. She was pretty and some thing of a coquette. The local swains were afraid of her. The only bold wooer who had attacked Heather's virgin heart was Jessop Blythe, who visited Tideswell on market days, and after seeing Hesther had found his ways thither to the Sunday afternoon services in the Cathedral of the Peak, where she sang in the choir. He was a few years older than Hesther, a manly, fine-looking young fellow with a per suasive manner and a merry eye. He could sing a good song, and was popular with both men and women. And so the belle of Tideswell was carried off in triumph to reign in Castleton as Mrs. Jessop Blythe. " Happy is the bride that the sun shines on" was not fulfilled in the case of Hesther Grattan, Jessop heard something at Tideswell a month or two after his marriage that roused the devil in him. He became jealous, and like other jealous fools did not tell his wife what he had heard and ask her for an explanation, but found endorsement of the scandal in every little utterance and innooent frivolity that he might misinterpret to Heather's disadvantage. To doubt with Jessop was to believe, to believe was to judge. Naturally of a social disposition, somewhat vain of his popularity, accustomed to the welcome of the Wheat Sheaf smokeroom, Jessop sought in genial society to deaden his vexation and disappointment in the looal taproom; and the sunshine of the Tides well bridal soon paled before the shadow of Castleton. To the demon jealousy succeeded the demon drink, and within nine months the village belle of Tideswell found herself deserted and a sorrowing mother, whose only child is the heroine of this story of joy and sorrow, of love and adventure, of untoward exile and romantic restoration to home and friends, happy Life and tragio Death contesting tbe way with festal bells and mourning plumes. It will be the pleasant task of the writer to trace the influence for good and evil upon an entire community of tho conduct of Jessop Blythe, whose daughter is the life and boul of the story of his banishment. Beloved above her station, a girl of the people, worse than fatherless, orphaned soon after her birth, and yet possessed of singular attractions, a woman peculiarly English, her career is as full of sur prises as the fate of her father, who was destined to see life in strange places, leaving his daughter to the tender mercies of a hard world. No child ever blossomed into a beautiful girlhood nor developed the higher nature of woman under more inauspioious conditions. Endowed with a strange Christian name, born with a strong individuality, disliked by the grandmother in whoso house she lived, per mitted to run wild about the Peak, yet watched over by an odd fellow known as " a character," having for a companion and friend a waif and stray from the land of " gallant little Wales," our heroine stands forth against her strange surroundings a remarkable example of the for.cc of character and the everlasting influence of feminine beauty. When she was old enough to realise that she was not without charms that were worth decorating in pretty frocks, and But this belongs to the future. Close as that future is to the following chapters of our story, it is desirable that we should wait a little while for the more effeotive introduction of the exile's daughter, and in the meantime take up the thread of the narrative with the banishment of Jessop Blythe by an md net rial community that is unique in this age of industrial and socialistic developments. Chapter I.—God's Fagtort. j They were a company of ropemakers. For | two hundred years they and their ancestors had ■ been tenants under the Duke of Devonshire. ( In this current year of grace the toilers oooupy ; the building in which their forefathers worked, and on the same easy terms. They pay no rent, nor ever did. Yet they possess the most ; wondeVful house of labour in the world. It is the entrance to what is known to topography as the Devil's Hole ; but if ever building gave special evidence of the Divine hand it is to* be seen in the great cavern of the High Peak. It has a dome and a nave that dwarf St. Peter's and St. Paul's. The ropers' drum and wheels and flying yarn make a musio of their own. It is as if the men and women gave tunes to the oordage which they spin. The strings of the industrial harp are many and various. Once in a way a woman's voioe rises above the buzz of the rotating yarn, and the chorus* breakB the monotony of the daily toil. This is generally a jubilate, in which the younger voioes fling out the refrain with open throats— "Happy Land 1 Happy Land! Whate'er my fate in life may be ; Still again, still again my heart shall oling to Thee!" And this was their happy land, this Gave of the Peak, and this village of Castleton. Human fancy could hardly conceive for this unconsoious worship a more impressive temple in which the Divine ediot should be fulfilled, " In the sweat of thy brow shalt thou eat bread." In this Temple, that dominates the Cavern of the Peak, the ropemakers of Cavedale, men and women, girls and boye, work and live together as a model socialistic community, but without the noisy riclame of a aheap de mocracy. They fulfil their daily duties quietly and in peace under the unwritten laws of a united family. The Throne is their ground landlord, and, ever since there were Dukes of Devonshire, and in the old time before them, the Cavendishes have been the leaseholders. These ropemakers of Cavedale, in the parish of Castleton, have seven masters. When one dies or is thrown out (an exceptional inoident, whioh forma one of the chi*f motives of this present history) the eldest son of the family takes his pltce. If there is no son, then the oldest work man of the dead master suoceeds. There are to this day some two or three score persons employed under these seven families. Five of the masters belong to one family, two to another. It is a very close borough, and pic turesque as it is close. Strangers who have observed in books of travels pictures of the High Peak oavern are inclined to wonder what tho weird gallows-like uprights and posts are, with flying ropes and hanging weights, and sugges tions of vast wheels beyond and curious figures standing out against the darkness. This is the ropery. Each master has his walk. Seven ropewalks traverse this stupendous exoavation, which is the hallway of the so- called Devil's Hole, with its headways and subways, its halls of Eblis and its dripping wells, its underground rivers and its other mysteries beyond. These are things that do not concern the ropers much. In the old days there were ghosts in the cave, but the ropers were hardy folk, and they had their free possession to maintain, so they paid no heed to ghosts nor took any account of the shadowy men in armour who were said to appear in the grounds of Peveril's Castle im mediately above them. ' Mr. Buskin probably never saw this High Peak house of labour. Otherwise the world would have heard something of it, sinoe the recluse of the Lakes loves hand-made things, and delights in the primitive, the lowly, and the natural. The ropers of the Peak, who pay no rent and work in a factory made by God, spin and weave in the old Egyptian way. Their ropes and twine, their halterb and clothes lines, their whipcord and oables, arc all made by hand. Their faotory has no doors. It is open to sun and shadow, to summer winds and winter blasts, and the ropers work there right through the year. It is a sheltered site. You arrive at it through a valley which is made musioal by the brook that is born in the cavern, and whioh now and then becomes a torrent— angry, yellow, opaque, terrible. As the floor dips at its further end the central opening is Bomewhat dwarfed, and has the remarkable effect of a mighty window whioh as you approach it opens out, and finally gives upon the footpath in Cavedale, whence you see the great limestone front rising up sheer to the sky, with liohens and stray flowers upon its wrinkled faoe, and here and there a wild bird sweeping athwart the iron-gray rook and disappearing into the heavens above. It was at this untaxed faotory of freemen that Jessop Blythe was haled before bis peers to suffer the penalty of the drone. For masters and men labour and obedience was the legacy of God's factory. In the most democratic of Socialistic communities labour is a condition of existence. When the ideal Commonwealth is started there will be much more oasting out of the lazy and the dissolute than is dreamed of ; by the open-mouthed idlers who drink in the . sophistries of long-haired and long-headed agitators in London, Chioago, and Paris. Jessop Blythe had worked in the community since boyhood. Always a truant and a laggard he had over and over again broken the unwritten , laws of the masters of Cavedale. Latterly he i had taken to drink, and he was untrue to the best interests of his fellows. He had undersold . them in the markets. He had reviled their occupation. He worked only by fits and starts, '. and had generally drifted to the bad. The masters were loth to move against him ; but at i last their patience was exhausted and discipline i demanded that .he should be cast out from the ! hive. Fortunately for Jeasop he had a hard-working i mother. She had succeeded to the business of her husband, who was a lapidary. Zodaek i Bradford was her foreman. He had held a I similar position with her husband. Zodaek i was what Derbyshire people call " a character." : Everybody ia " a character" in the Peak country who is not of the common and regular pattern of humanity. Zodaok in his way was a man o! phrases. He shot his controversial opponents down with a queer saying or a rough epigram. He was also the cleverest lapidary in all the county. Old Blythe had put his son Je3aop to the ropemaking. The lad did not frame well for the outtiug, engraving,' or polishing of stones. He was a dull mettled lad,-and there was* an opening in the ropewalk which in due course led to Je6sop taking a master's plaoe in lieu of the ordinary succession. On becoming one of the Seven Masters, Jessop Blythe had married Heather Grattan, and within a month or two of his marriage he had taken to drink with a regularity and persistence that, devoted to his proper oalling, would have led to prosperity. Jessop had always been fond of a glass and a bit of oompany. He was popular at the alehouse, and the delight of Saturday night smoke-rooms, because he could sing a good song, and was " as sweet a whistler as ever cocked a lip," to quota the verdict of Castleton, and the old town was fastidious in the matter of music, rejoiced in its Glee Club, and at Christmas time would give forth its "Hallelujah ohorus" from the "Messiah," •• Hark, the Herald Aogels," and •• The Star of Bethlehem," with an energy that was stimulated with mailed ale and rum punch, the recognised order of refreshment for the Waits all round about the regions of the Peak. When Jessop Blythe was haled before his fellows he had just been made a father. The new comer was a girl. He had insisted upon drinking her health with his midday meal. Any reason for a dtink was a good reason with Jessop. Zodaok Bradford said the youngest master roper had in one short year become the oldest waster and vagabond of the lot. Not that Zodaok intended to imply that the rope makers individually or collectively were vaga bonds. Zodack was a just man, and he know that the ropers were a law-abiding, sober, honest community: though once in six months every master made a point of " going on the spree"; bat he combined business with pleasure. Once in six months eaoh roper went forth into the world to sell his goods. There were no middle men conneoted with this oordage factory. Each master was his own commercial traveller; and going upon the road twice a year each man, as a rule, made it a point of honour to enjoy him self, and it is believed by many that to get drunk once in a way is a very enjoyable, if not indeed a very healthy and wholesome, thing. But the ropemakerB would not allow this belief to break down the discipline of the manage ment. Therefore, Jessop Blythe had' increased the disadvantages under which he laboured as a recalcitrant by being more or less inebriate when, in the middle of tea time, the men and masters assembled to maintain the vitality of their unwritten laws and regulations. There was a great deal that was good in Jessop Blythe. This may be said of many a worse man. Zo lack Bradford declares that nobody is all bad, not even the habitual criminal; but the good is so diffioult to find that it is hardly worth looking for. Ho was very angry with Jessop because he liked him, and had seen him grow up. Being none too well off at any time, and living to a great extent on his mother and in hor house, Jc-ssop had adopted a son. He did not call him his son, but ho treated him with paternal consideration. This youngster was a Welsh lad. His name was Lewis Trcgarron. He had found his way from Cardigan, in Wales, with his widowed mother, firstly, to Cardiff, thence to Liverpool, in somo small trading vessel, to drift eventually, heaven knows how, to Chesterfield, where the mother had died in the workhouse. While the guardians, with a proper regard to tho fair distribution of taxes fof the poor, were trying to discover the parish to whioh the orphan was chargeable, Lewis Tregarron, with his high- sounding name, his empty pockets, and his no less empty stomaoh, set off to seek some more home-like nest for him,self than that which presented so hard a front to the far-away hills of the Chesterfield workhouse. Lewis Tregarron ran away from the workhouse, and one day, cold, hungry, thin, weird as to hi 3 sunken eyes and bony jaws, pre sented himself before the company of ropejrc at the entrance to God's factory. He was the most weary, dark-eyed, Btrange- looking little chap they had ever seen; and Jessop Blythe took compassion upon him and succoured him. He was an intelligent lad, said he was 8 years old, waa born in Wales, had lived at Cardigan, had neither father nor mother, and was willing to work, but would rather die than go back to the Union, all of whioh pleased the ropers, and won the admiration of Jessop Blythe, who said , he'd be hanged if any Union Workhouse in the world should oompel the lad to swig skilly or break stones so long as he lived. So Tregarron was fed and mended by Jessop's mother, not without much grumbling and protest, and was forthwith taken on at the ropery. They love to nickname men and things in the Peak. They oalled Jessop's mother ''Stingy Blythe," and for this they, no doubt, had war rant; bat they were not always justified in their nicknames, some of whioh were incon gruous as relating to the character nicknamed, and others, when they were not humorous, descended to cynicism. Beoause the waif Tre garron was thin and odd, and too little to be of any importance, they named him in a grand way " Tregarron, the Welshman," and the oldest master of the ropers, for the reason that be was of a mild and gentle temper, and bene volent and generous to a fault, they called " Billy Nipper." 