SALE POLICE COURT. Tuesday, Acg. 28. (Before Messrs Cullinan aud Drew. J'e.I?.) 1XSULTISG JIEHATIOUB. .Michael Bowler and Thomas Bowler. were presented on the above charge and pleaded hot ga'lty. . ' John Kille^n deposed that on tha previous day, accused had come, to: his hotel at Longfprdv ;.at about 5.30- ; p.m. - The * -old man (Michael) was in a very excited condition, and the young man (Thomas), said that he' was very bad aud waB going to -die, and asked . witness to .^go. for Dr - Browne. :? When ..they : re- - turned tho yonn^ man w^y lying on- a..-couch aud the doctor eaid that he wae not safe to be atlarg^k To the bench : Witness could not say that they were tipsy. • ": 'Jv I ' • Moauted-constable : Curtain, deposed that frominRtractioDB. be' bad received from Sergeant M'Gaon he had gone to Longford and questioned them abaut 'Dr Browne's viBit r.tid tlie conclnfiioa that be (Curtain) came to was the young man..-was queer in his mind. Mr Killesu bad told witness .that the young manhad a cbair.iu. hie hand and was going to break up famittire ia the bouse. 'Witness was onder the.; impression -.that the-old;man -was under the JnflueiicB of drink at tho timf?, aud the ydrag one appeared to be- out of his mind. " .He ^id not tldnk thathe was quite as : bad this mornipg a?;he had been' on I the pre vious aigbt,.but considered that he was not yet in a fit state,to be at large. Sergeant M'Gann aabed tbat the younger inan might be remanded for'a few days. Dr Browneliad eaid that'the old man bad. stated that he .wanted to "open a .hole in'the^young' man's belly with a knife," and the young man. that morning just beforiB being brought to the: court, had Men talking of ghosts and fairies, r that he had seen on the previous uiehfc; The elder Bowler was discharged, and the younver man remanded for three dayes. Yesterday he was again remanded for a similar period. • . . DEBT. - J. Garrett sued Thos, Brown for . £6 2s 2d, and obtained a verdict with £1 Os 6d costs. S. F. Treloar sued C. W. Bolton for the sum of £17lis6d.goods soldand amount due on a promissory note, and obtained.a verdict with JESl ISs 6d costs. DANCE MUSIC. D. Saiyer, junr., sued Chas. Blyth for the sum of £i for music supplied at "a ball held at Clydebank. .. Mr Wise appeared for the plaintiff and Mr Staveley for the defendant D. Sayer. junr., deposed'that defendant had engaged him to supply music at-the ball In question^ for which he was to receive his usual fee. Witness had. repeatedly :asked defendant for payment, and. he : bad promised. to pay the amount but had hot done so. To Mr Staveley: Defendant had asked him to go out a few days before tbs dance wai held. The dance was held at the Clydebank Cheese factory. Witness did hot lecpllect whether it was iu his father's shop or in theetreet that defendant "had engaged him. ; Witness had played before at similar dances atthis factory, Mr Richard Gilder had Srstsnggested him to go to these dances."and had paid him . on several occasions.^ Witness /did not think tbat Blyth had over paid him, rand hs thought tbat Gilder wae tbe secretary, aud defendant the president nf the committee. To Mr Wibo : On. more than one occasion he promised to pay me. . Thee. Gilder deposed that hehad been present on one oct»sion when defendant bad asked Saverto give us a fortnight to pay it in." To Mr Staveley :.Hesaid?"give us." We Went to Sayer's shop about the account, , I sup pose that it lay between Blyth ahd myself. We were liable frir it because none of the others would pay, I think that tbore were either nine or eleven ; besides on the committee. I waB secretary to this ; particular danoe aud Blyth was treasurer. I donot know who engaged the music.' ; : Chas. Blyth deposed tbat it was not a fact thai he bad.Jengaged plaintiff.; Sayerhad met him in Raymond-street', and had-asked ;him when Ithe.affair, was ^coming off,. ;aud - when ."he told him the date, eaid that it would be all right adding that he" bad a letter asking bim to go to Maffraon that dafce. " "Witnees had never paid plaintiff for any of the dances: that had beenheldit Clydebank, but had received a letter from'him -asking for payment for this dance, and then he and Gilder had gone to eee plaintiff about it, and'- Gilder had faid ,f w6 would try to settle it." V The Chairman: What did he (plaintiff) mean by eaying that it was all right ? . Witness : Hg had got a letter from Maffra, and he wantsd to know if their dance was on'» Cfrtainnighi. V ,;.;' '•: The .Chairman : Doeshe msVe it a practice to go to plac'is withoat bemgasked ? ;' -Mr Staveley objected to ttis question. Witness to MrWise: I was-president-for this dance. 'i'-Ty •-'•'•• rV-'-. Cross-examined by Mr Wise : Sow as president, what arrangements woro made for the music t You as ' president must know ?—No arrangements that I. kn!ow;.of.' Do you" want the Bench to believe that ?—Sayer was to clay for the dances a9 long as we had them. You knew of that agreement ?—Yes. And von were president of the committee ?—Yes. And Sayer had agreed-to play as Jong as you bad aov dances?—Yes. Saver asked you when the nest one was coming off ?—Yes, aud-I told him it was commg off on a certain day. Did not Gilder tell ns you were treasurer and thathe (Gilder) was secretary ? Were you treasurer ? —I Was made president; X do not know anything about the treasurer. . Will you say what GUder said was true or not ?—I will say it was not true. Sayer wrote to you for payment '—Yes. Why did you not tell him yon were not liable ?—I did. When ?—On several occasions. Why did you go to theshnp when you had told him that vou -were not liable 5— To try-and get. it settled. You asked him to give you time? To give us-time,- :To raise that money that was owing -for about 12. months ?—Yes. Did. you pay tbe other accounts '—Yes. Who collected the money to laylthea?—Gilder, Did you have the handing of any of that money ?-r-X had the bandling of about thirty shillings. Whydid not yon pay: for the music J-I paid Jngleton the caterer. ; Were all the -other -accounts paid ? _I do not think so. How were the expenses to be paid ?—Oat of the subscription to the dance. What >was the subscription i-r-Tbtee shillings. Did you pay your three shillings ?— Ye«. How many did not pay?—There was not enough with the three ebilhags: Who were supposed to make it up '—The committee I suppose. Did you take any steps to do it * —No. 1 left it to tbe secretary. And then von go to Sayer -and ask for time t—Yes. Yon Sdinit thsthe was engaged for all the dances j —Yes, And that joa told him this was the time -for that particular dance 3—Yea. And now you don't want to pay him ! Be examined by Mr Staveley: How many were there on the committee J—Eight or eleven. And Gilder was the secretary ?—Yes. Has he called you together '—Yes. And you werenotiablB fo aise the money ?—And, -when yon went to ^Sayor you told him you ^ ^ d K l U puff the case first that defendanthad- engaged.plaintiff, but now. f he would putit thatauy-one -of a number "of detendanlra ®ohia "be «aed so" 4 tbat,any -member/ -off B co mmitteB -could ha snad for-s3sbt of this kind* _ The Chwrman said that" the 'Bench con -isideretH&e; case proved, and would make au order ^forihBiamonnt with 18s costs. 