THE PROD. GOES FOR PARLI1ENT A BRILLIANT ILKA. How it Originated. HIS POLITICAL PLATFORM. First Meeting. Arranging for the Fray— An Address to the Electors— The Prod. Gets In. The Prodigal, that graceful sporting scribe and well known and popular citizen, is entering tho arena of practical politics. In order that our readers may more fully understand the importance of this event wo will briefly review tho circumstances leading up thoroto. To do this thoroughly we must go back in the history of this young colony soino three hundred years. About that timo the Continent of Australia was discovered by one of the Prodigal's illustrious ancestors. And 6ince that time the Prodigal family liavo bad a large lion on the country. Some people say that the Chinese first discovered Australia. This is ovidently an error. We havo it on the Prod/a own words that none of his peoplo evor owned nllegianco to tho Emperor of the Flowery Land. Without going any further into tho history of the Prod.'s ancestors, wo may say that he comes of a good stock — in fact, that ho is sound stock, lock; and barrel; especially tho latter. After the continent had boon discovered soino timo tho working man element began to appear in politics. With the working man carno Payment of Members. Thou the Labor Party, and then the much-amended \- Electoral Act. Out of tho latter, will . come Heaven knows what ! Perhaps elevation to Parliament of such woll- . known but hitherto obscured personages as Patrick tho Ram, Mile Doo Leo,' Lawrence Pho Leo, Giovanni Icecream, Sappho .Smith, Madame Fivebob, our old friend -Inspector Camphor, Dan Oh! Kohinor, and others. Tho new Electoral Act having dono' away with the -£-10 deposit, throws open the doors of the Assembly to tho . general public. The Prod, fully expects to. float in with tho stream. Perhaps tho Prod, wonld niako a bettor member than the majority of those who nro likely to get in. He has brains enough to hold his tongue sometimes, and this is a lare virtuo in an Australian M.P. Our wise and gracious rulers having further amended the Electoral Act by introducing single electorates, have led to further political complications. Tho electorates boing much smaller in area than, previously, every petty local man who thinks ho hns the ghost of a show will get himself nominated and have a run — for nothing. The conse quence will bo that the votes aro going to bo so cut up that the man who docs get in will nieroly represent a minority of tho electors, or, niaybo, a clique of outsiders. N At the present timo the beating of tho electioneering tom-tom is bringing up to the polls ovary political savago in tho country, each with a particular fetish of hl3 own, and each ready to promise any thing and everything to get elected. A great many peoplo are shaking their heads gravely, and predicting that tho noxb Parliament will seo the Democracy on top, a full houso of Socialists, and a Labor Ministry in power. Let us hope and pray to God that it will eventuate so. Let us ask Providenco to make George Hlack Premier of Now Soutli Wales, S. A. Rosa Minister for Justice, Jack Fit/, Gerald ditto for Education, M'Namara Minister for Mines, Mick Healoy Attorney- General, and Boh Norman Minister for Works. Suchacon- tiugoncy would not provo a catastrophe — it would bo a blessing, for in about one weok tho country would got up and sond depu tations to tho Press, tho pulpit, and the police, to restore tho old order of things and give deuiagoguery the final and evor- . lasting go. Tho Bird having expressed 'some of its' opinions on current politics roturns joy fully to tho Prodigal. Nobody knows; or probably, ovor will . know, liow the Prod, got it into his' head .that ho was a fit and propor person to re present himself and tho Referee in Par liament.' Some of his frienda attribute the - attack to lato hours and. loose living. Others imagine that the poor Prod, has worni3. Tho staff of the Bird, although wildly enthusiastic over the Prodigal's can didature, and prepared to vote early and often for him, . havo formed different theories on the matter. Tho . Old 'Uu suggests poisoned liquor ; Tho Rooster, second childhood, The Owl " divine in- flatu8." Tottie says ho wants to got married. Billy's theory cannot be put into print, but there is a good doal iu it. Dayatar thinks tho- Prod, has bad had luck iu the horse line, and wants to retrieve his fallen fortunes with .£300 a year. The Boss fancies ho wants a riso of screw. The Prod, himself gives no expla nation, but carries a smile of deep and secret meaning abont with him wherever he goes. ' The Prod., with an eyo to bu9iuess, has selected the electorate of Fitzroy. He will endeavor to provo to the respnc- ' tablo residents of that division that the Dog Act is tyrannical and unjust, and that - I tho law against Sunday closing must be j repealed before tho country is reduced to tho verge of panic, chaos, and'ruin. The following is the Prod.'s political platform. , It' is an oighteen-carat, brass-finished affair, and guaranteed not to tarnish. It Bhould last at lea3t two or three Par- ' Laments ; 1. Abolition of imprisonment for debt. 2: Introduction of a law to legalise cock- fighting. 3\. Electoral football. ' 4. Paper currency. Refbreb paper to bo always at a premium. ' 5. An improvement in the manufacture of starters' pistols. ' C. A Bill to legalise totes and make all Bub- soribora winners. 7\. A Bill that will always bo reooiptod with out paymont. 8\. A tax on bachelors. 9\. Attacks on established institutions. , 10. Free drinks at Ruudwiok ou race days. ' 11\. Supprosaion of the Active Ser.vice Brigade, and oainpulsory- uso of soap by local . Socialists And Anarohists.. 12\. ,A titlo for Dr. Ramviak. 13\. Loss work and moro pay for-tho Prodigal. 14\. A oossation of hostilities botweon Crick and Norton. 13\. A railway to Goat Island. : 16; A rovival in podestrianism. 17\. Athletics to tako procodonco of all othor matlors. 18\. A Bill to make it compulsory on owners nhd bookmakers to publish tho names of all Cop winnors throe days beforo tho race akul giro tho publio a chance. 19\. A froo national' lhaatro with front seats always reserved for Prodigal and party. 20\. The establishment of a homo 'for supar- ' animated athletes. Tho above platform is of tho Prodigal's own makiug, and ho reasonably expects that it will onsuro him at least a two- thirds majority in Fitzroy. The first mooting of our ropresontativo's candidature ' (of a semi-private character) was hold at the officii of the Bird o' Freedom, members of the staff and a few of tho Prod's most ' intimate friends only being present. Tho Rooster was voted to tho chair. The Prodigal produced a requisition to stand, signed by sovoubeon duly qualified midwives, ton policemen, eight tragedians, forty footballers, two chimney-sweeps, and tho district liar. The reading of tho requisition affocted 'the audience visibly. Tho Hen Editor ' wept copiously, and the Old 'Un slowly and deliberately spat in the waste-paper 1 paper basket. i; " Gentlemen," said tho chairman, " bo seated: Allow me to introduce to this , meeting our old friend and comrade, tho 'Prodigal, who is going to run for Fitzroy in the iutorosts of the Agricultural ' ! Society. (Loud and prolonged cheers). . I have" known the Prodigal, man ' aud boy,' for' ';tho j)aat fiftoeu years. ' I can honestly say that during- tho " whole of that period I have never known , liim to be sober two days running. (Tumultuous applause?.) You will agree ; with mo when I Bay that a man with such au unbroken record lias qualified himself to enter tho Parliament of this country. (Yes, yes.) I confidently predict that ho will be elected, and that lis will bring tho utmost credit to the Bird o' Frkedoh, and be the means of introducing great reforms aud a highor moral tono into our local Legislature. (Cheers.) Gentlemen. (No, no, from Tottie Titefit.) Ladies and gentlemen, tho Prod, will now proceed to undress — I mean ad-dress you, (Con tinued cheering, amidst which tho Old 'Un beat forcibly upon tho Boss' tnblo with the shin-bone of i> pout until called to order by the chairman.) Tho Prodigal on rising to his feet was greeted with a porfect storm of applauso. The Prod., fixing one eyo ou the "planet . Venus, and turning the other in the direc tion of tho Lyceum Theatre, began, Ladies and gontlomen— (pause)— ladies and goutleinon — (pause) — ladies and gentlemen, I have much ploasuro in entering myself for tho next r.aco ; that is to say, I am run ning for Parliament; and hopo to get 'off ; the scratch before the other candidates. (Cheers.) Ladies and gontlemeu (pause) — Ladies and gontiemon, I am not going for gate-money, as you can perceive by tho programme, but at the first report of the ' pistol — I mean at the word go — or, rather, I should say, wbon the House dissolves, I will'enter the fiold. (Howls of approval.) I have already gono into training for tho event, and have dono my maiden trial — that is to say, rehearsed my opening address to my probable backers — or, rather, constituents — in first-rate time. I expect to boat tho record, or, I should . say, top the poll a3 soon as I gat into good going condition. The ' liandicapper, I moan the returning officer, will do his duty I will do wine. (Hear, hear, from Flossie Few- ; clothes.) I feel that I shall bo first at' tho , post, on top at tho poll. (Hear, hear, from 1'ottio Titotit.) When I am elected (cheers) I will at once proceed to get tho Old 'Una good Government billet; (Ap plause from the Old 'Un.) I will see that The Owl is made poet laureate, and that The Rooster has a suitable porch. (Cheers from Rooster and Tho Owl.) Pub your money on me, I am a dead bird for the Parliamentary Stakes. All the other starters nro out of it. I remain yours truly, dear friends, Tho Prodigal. (Con tinued choars). The Old 'Un, ns senior member of tho staff, proposed " That in tho opinion of this meeting Tho Prodigal is a' fit and proper person to roprosont tho Referee, tho Bird o' Freedom, and tho friends of Bport and tho electors of Fitzroy and him self in the Parliament of New Soutli Wales." Tottie Titefit seconded, and Flossie Fow- clothes supported the motion, which was : carried unanimously, The Rooster then adjourned the meoting to Roberts' Bar, whero everybody drank success to tlio " future representative of Fitzroy." The Prodigal will address his con stituents at an early date, in tlio meantime '. our artist has sent in a fancy sketoh showing the Prod, upon the stump. Ho also depicts our coming member being carried into tho House to receive the con gratulations of Dibbs, Alf. Allen, See, Lyuo, Suttor, Bald Hutchison, Parkee, Reid, Jupp Gardiner, arid other groat politicians on his selection. 