[?] I A Psychical Narrative. I It is, I confess, with considerable I diffidence that I approach tho strange I narrative which I am about to relate. I . The events which I propose detailing I are of so extraordinary and unheard-of I ft nhnMniftv. T ntvt nnitn | M VllHlHVtWl SUMS J. UIU IJUikt? JJlUjJtWtsU I to meet with an unusual amount of in- I credulity and scorn. I accept all such I beforehand. ' I have, I trust, the liter- I ary courage to face unbelief. I have, I after mature consideration, resolved to I narrate in as simple and straight- I forward a manner as I can compass, I somo facts that passed under my ob- I serration, in the month of J uly last, I and which, in the annals of the mys- I teries of psychical science, are wholly I unparalleled, I I live at No. — Twenty-sixth- street, I New York. The house is in some re- I spects a curious one, It has enjoyed I for the last two years the reputation I of being haunted. It is a large and I stately residence, surrounded by what I. was once a garden, but which is now I only a green enclosuro used for bleacli- I ing clothes. The dry basin of what I hus been a fountain, and a few fruit I trees, ragged and unprunod, indicate I that this spot, in past days, was a I pleasant shady retreat, filled with I fruits and flowers and tho sweet mur- I inur of waters. I The house is very spacious. A hall I 'of noble size leads-'to"iv vast spiral I staircase winding through its centre ; I while the various apartments are of I imposing .dimensions. It was built I some fifteen or twenty yoars since by I Mr. A , the well-known New York I merchant, who five years ago threw I the commercial world .into convulsions I by a stupendous bank fraud. I Mr. A , .as -everyone knows, I escaped to Europe; and died not Icing I after of a broken heart. Almost im- I mediately after the news of his decease I reached this country, and was verified, I the report spread in Twenty -sixth- I street that No. — - was haunted. Legal uiuusurqs uau dispossessed uie wiuow I of its former owner, and it was in- I habited merely by a caretaker and his wife, placed- there by the house agont into whose hands it had passed for the purposes of renting or sale. These people deolarcd that they were troubled with unnatural noises. Doors were opened without any visible agency. The remnants of furniture scattered through the various rooms were, during the- night; piled one upon the other by unknown hands. In visible feet passed up aud down tho stairs in broad daylight, accompanied by the rustle of unseen silk dresses and the gliding of viewless hands along the massivo balusters. The caretaker and his wife declared they would live there no longer. The house agent laughed, dismissed them, aud put others in their place. The noises and supernatural manifestations continued. The neighborhood caught up tho story, aud tho house remained untenanted for threo yoars. Several l"»n.rh?<»n nnnrnf-.mtnrl for ifc hiifc enmo. how, always before tho bargain was closed, thoy hoard the unpleasant rumors, and declined to treat any further. It was in this state of things that my landlady— who. at that time kept u boarding-house in Bleocker-street, and who wished to move farther up town — conceived the bold idea of rent ing No. — Twenty-sixth-street. Hap pening to have in her house rather a plucky and philosophical set of boarders, she laid her scheme beforo us, stating candidly everything she had -heard respecting the ghostly qualities of the establishment to which she wished to remove us. With the exception of one or two timid persons — a sea-captain and a re turned Californian, who immediately gave notice that they would leavo — every one of Mrs. Moffat's guests de clared that they would accompany her in her chivalrous incursion into the abode of spirits. Our removal was effected in tho mouth of May, and wo wore all oharmod with our now residence. The portion of Twenty-sixth-street where our house is situated — between Seventh and Eighth Avenues — is one -of the plensantest localities in New York. Tho gardens behind the houses, running down nearly to the Hudson, .form, in tho summer time, a perfect avenue of verdure. Tho air is pure and invigorating, sweeping, as it does, straight across the river from the Weehawken heights, and even tl, raggel garden which surr6unded jo houie on two sides, although disaying -on washing-days rather too mlh clothes-line, still gave us a piece orreon sward to look at, and a cool reeat in the summer oven- ings, where i smokpd our cigars in the dusk, a) watched the fire-llies flashing thei dark ' lanterns in tho long 'grass. Of course /e had no sooner estab lished oursebs at No. — than wo began to expt ths ghosts. We ab solutely awied their advent with eagerness, jir dinner conversation was supernatral. One of the boarders, who had ptchased Mrs. Crowe's "Night Side-lf Nature" for Ihr own private delecttion, was regarded us a public enemy y tho thtiro household for not havie/ bough; twenty copies. The man ha a life of supremo wretchedness, ihile ho 'vas perusing tho volume. (. A, system 0 espioifego was estab lished, of w hie! -he wa3 tho victim. If he uncautiousllaid tho book down for an instant'ind laft the room, it tvas immediate!, seized and read aloud in secret places to a select few. I found myself aierson of immense im portance, it lining leaked out that I was tolerably tell versed in the his tory of supernaiiralisin, and had once written a storjntitled " Tho Pot of Tulips" for Hjtpun's Monthly, the foundation of- ijiich was a ghost. If. a- table or a ?cot panel had happened. to -r-r- .. lien wo were as- sembled. in Un Iar«e-,' drawiug-room," there was. nu. inscnnjS silence, and everyone was pipai .idj for an- imme- mediato clank; ;» of chains and a spectral form. 1 After a -morst, of psychological ex citement, it was with \the utmost dis satisfaction tint we 1 were forced to acknowledge thfc nothing in the re motest degree a-pronching the super natural -hail inu.iifc.sted itself. 1 Once the black butlei asseverated that his candle had mcv' blown 'out by some invisible ag-mcy -whilein the act of. undressing, idaislr for the night; but as I had m -;": Ikhi oncei . discovered this colored gc-i:k-mar\ in a condition when one candle vnost have appeared to him liko two,!' thought it possible that by going ! step-farther in his potations, he mi jit have reversed this phenomenon, an( seen no candle at all where he ought leally to have beheld one. j i Things were iri. this Ltate when an incident took pljce soijawful and in explicable in it; character that my reason fairly ree'sat tile bare memory of the occurrence It jvas the 10th of July. After diinev was- over I re-- paired, with my friend for. Hammond, to the garden to smoko mv evening pipe. ; " Independent of certain mental sym pathies which existed! between the doctor and myself, we were linked to gether by a secret vice. We botli smoked opium. ,Wq kn|>w each other's secret, and respoj.-tod it. Wo enjoyed top the- ifiat wonderful expansion of thought ; tliat marvellous intensifying of thjj percotive faculties; that boundless feeling of existence when we soem to) have points of con tact with the wholo uniieghe ; in short, that unimaginablb spirit ial bliss, which I would not surrender or a throne ; and which I hope you reader, will nover, never tustip. ' ' Ihose hours pf opii:ni happiness which tho doctorjand I spent together in secret wero regulated withascientific accuracy. We oid not Iblindly smoke the. drug of Paradise, and leave our dreams to chance While smoking we carefully steereq our I conversation through the, brightest \ and calmest channels of tho'ngh c. YVe talked of. the East, aud endeavored to recall tho magical panorama, of ata glowinn- scenery. y\ a criticised the most sensu- ous poets, those who pain ted life ruddy with health, . brinming -vith passion, happy in the possession Wf youth, and strength, and beauty. t£ we talked of Shakespeare's - Midsummer Night's Dream,'' we linge-nd ovo',; Arielm»d avoided Caliban. Liko the Gobers, we turned our fa«s to tha East, and saw only tho sunny side of tho world. This skilful coloring of our train of thought produced in out subsequent visions a corresponding tone. The splendor's of Arabian faijry i-.?,d dyed our dreams. We paced that narrow strip of grass witli tho ami port of kings. The song of- the Rana arborea, while he clung tc> the bark of the ragged piuin-ti-oe, sounded like the strains of diviue orchestras. Houses, walls, and streets melted like rain-' clouds, and vista.; of unimaginable glory stretched away befo -o us. It was a rapturous coripanionship. We each of us enjoyed the vast delight more perfectly bejeause, yvou in our mum. om iu.ni, uivmcins, - e were ever conscious of o&eli; presence. Our pleasures, whi', Muni, were still twin, vibrutiit moving in musical accoiv.. ' j i,.1 On the evening ijri -jug.ori.'the 10th July, the doctor apd inysu',ffoUnd our selves in an unusually nletaphysical mood. We lit ourllargo n rschaums, tilled with fine Turkish v. -v ;co, in tho core of which burned : ,, black nut of opium, that, liko it in the fairytale, held within . . ow limits wonders beyond the ry.,\ 1 1. 0f kings ; we paced to and frp, conversing. A strange perversity dominated the currents of our thoughts. They would not flow through tjm sunl'ifc channels into which we strove to divert them. For some unaccoii: -t..i>- j ; -ofjon they constantly divm-gcld into; (J Ark and lonesome beds, whoi.'e a cont aualVjoom brooded. t It was in vain trtat, ai.!..r 0ur old fashion, we flung oursehyes on tho shores of the East and ta lked of its gay bazaars, of the splendors of the time of Haroun, of larems, and golden palaces. Black n freets (continually arose from tho dept hs of oif.r talk, and expanded, like the loot th!- fisherman released from the i.-cppor until they blotted 01-t everything bright from our vision. j Insensibly we yielded to "t occult force that swayed us, and i|-;- ailv-J in a gloomy speculation- Wojfiad ,;Jkod some time upon thej pvon , -ss of the liuman mind to r'lysti' and the almost universal lo|o < ' ,o Toi-rible, : 1 r i when Hammond suddenly said to mo: — " " What do you consider to be tho greatest element of terror 1" Tho question, I own,' puzzled nic. That many things wero terrible, I knew. Stumbling over a corpse in tho dark ; beholding, as I once did, a woman floating down a deep and rapid river, with wildly- lifted arms and awful, upturned face, uttering as sho sank shrieks that rent one's heart ; while we, tho spectators, stood frozen at a window which overhung tho river at a height of sixty feet, unablo to make tho slightest effort to savo Iter, but dumbly watching her last supreme agony and her disappearance. A shattered wreck, witli no life visible, encountered floating listlessly on the ocean, is a terrible object, for it suggests a huge terror, tho propor tions of which aro veiled. But it now struck me for the first time that there must bo one great and ruling embodi ment of fear, a King of Terrors, to which nil others must succumb. What might it be ? To what train of cir cumstances would it owe its exist ence 1 " I confess, Hammond," I rep'ied to my friend, " I never considered the subject before. That there must be one something more terrible than any other thing, I feol. I cannot attempt, however, oven the most vague defini tion." "I am somewhat liko you, Harry," \- he answered. "I feel mv ciumclfv tn. experience a terror greater ' than any thing yet conceived by tho iiuman hnind. Something combining in fear ful ' and unnatural' amalgamation hitherto supposed incompatible ele ments. The calling of tho voieos in Broclcden Brown's novel of " Wioland" is awful, so is the picture of tho Dweller of tho Threshold in Bulwer's " Zanoni ;" but," he added, shaking his head gloomily, "I am sure there is something more horrible still than these." " Look here, Hammond," I rejoined, " let us drop this kind of talk, for Heaven's sake ! We shall suffer for it, depend on it." " I don't know- what's the matter with me to-night," he replied, "but my brain is running upon all sorts of weird and awful thoughts. I feel as if I could write a story like Hoffman to-night, if I wero only master of a literary style." Well, if wc are going to bo Hoffman- esque in our talk I'm oft' to bed.- Opium and nightmares should never be brought together. How sultry it is 1 Good night, Hammond." "Good night, Harry, Pleasant dreams to you." " To you, gloomy wretch, afreets, ghouls and enchanters." We parted, and each sought his re spective chamber. I undressed quickly and got into bed, taking with me, ac cording to my usual custom, a book, over which I generally read myself to sleep. I opened tho volume as soon as I had laid my head upon the pillow, and instantly flung it to tho other side of the room. It was Goudon's "History of Monsters" — a curious French work, which I had latoly imported from Paris, but which, in the state of mind I was then in, was anything but an agreeable companion. I resolved to go to sleep at once ; so turning down my gas until nothing but a little blue point of light glimmered on the top of the tube, I composed myself to rest once more. Tho room was in total darkness. The atom of gas that still remained lighted did not illuminate a distance of three inches round the burner. I desperately drew my arm across my eyes, as if to shut out even tho darkness, and tried to think of nothing. It was in vain. I he confounded themes touched on by Hammond in the garden kept obtruding themselves on my brain. I battled against them. I erected ramparts of would-be blankness of in tellect to keep tliem out. They still crowded upon me. While I was lying still as a corpse, hoping tha't by a perfect physical inaction I would hasten mental repose, an awful inci dent occurred. A something dropped, as it seemed, from the ceiling, plump upon my chest, and the next instant I felt two bony hands encircling my throat witli the grip of a vice, en deavoring to choke me. I am no coward, and am possessed of considerable physical strength. The suddenness of the attack instead of stunning me strung every nerve to its highest tension. My body acted from instinct beforo my brain had time to realise the terrors of my position. In an instant I wound two muscular arms around the creature, and squeezed it with all the strength of despair against my cnest. In a few seconds the bony hands that had fastened on my throat loosened their hold, and I was free to breathe once more. Then commenced a struggle of awful intensity. Immersed in the most pro found darkness, totally ignorant of the nature df the Thing by which I was so suddenly attacked, finding my grasp slipping every moment by reason, it seemed to me, of the entire nakedness of my assailant, bitten with sharp teeth in the shoulder, neck and chest, having every moment 10 protect my throat against a pair of Binewy, agile hands, which my utmost efforts could not con fine — these were a combination of cir cumstances to combat which required all the strength and skill and courago thnt I possessed. At last, after a silent, deadly, ex hausting struggle, I got my assailant under by a series of incredible efforts of strength. Once pinned, with my knee on what I mado out to be his chest, I knew that I was victor. I rested for a moment to breathe. I heard the creature beneath me pant ing in tho darkness, and felt tho violent throbbing of a heart. It was ap parently as exhausted as I wns, that was one comfort. At this moment I remembered that I usually placed under my pillow beforo going to bed a largo, yellow silk pocket-handkerchief. I felt for it instantly ; it was thcro. In a few Beconds more I had, after a fashion, pinioned tho creature's arms. I now felt tolerably securo. There was nothing more to te dono but to turn on the gas, and, having first seen j what my midnight assailant wa3 like, i arouse the household. I will confess . to being actuated by a certain pride in hot giving tho alarm beforo ; I wished to mako the capturo alone and i unaided. Never losing my hold for an instant, I slipped from tho bed to tho floor, dragging my captive with mo. I had j but a few steps to mako to reach tho gasburner ; these I inado with tho ! greatest caution, holding tho creature in a grip like a. vice. At last I got within arm's-length of tho tiny speck of blue light, which told me where the gasburner lay. Quick as lightning I I released my grasp with one hand and lot on the full flood of light. Then I turned to look at my captive. I cannot even attempt to givo any definition of my sensations the instant after I turned on the gas. I suppose I must havo shrieked with terror, for in less than a minuto afterwards uiy room was crouded with the inmates of the house. I shudder now as I think of that awful moment, I saw nothing I Yes ; I had one arm clasped round a breathing, pant ing, corporeal shape, my other hand gripped witli all its strength a throat as warm, and apparently fleshy, as my own ; and yet, with this living sub stance in my grasp, with its body pressed against my own, and all in the bright glare of a large jet of gas, I fihsntat.ftlv hnliolfl nfifthinml -TsTnt-. avpu ' an outlinio— -a;vnpor 1 I do not even at this hour realise tho situation in which I found myself. I cannot recall tho astounding incident thoroughly. Imagination in vain tries to compass the awful paradox. It breathed. I felt its warm breatli upon my cheek. It struggled fiercoly. It had hands. They clutched me. Its skin was smooth, just liko my own. There it lay, pressed close up against me, solid as stone — itnd yet utterly in visible ! I wonder that I did not faint or go mad on the instant, Somo wonderful instinct must have sustained me ; for, absolutely, in place of loosening my hold on the terrible Enigma, I seemed to gain an additional strength in my moment of horror, and tightened my grasp with such wonderful force that I felt the creature shivering with agony. Just then Hammond entered my room at the head of the household. As soon as ho beheld my face — which, I supposo, must have been an awful sight to look at — 110 hastened forward, crying : — "Great heaven, Harry 1 what has happoned !" " Hammond, Hammond I" I cried, " come here. Oh, this is awful ! I have been attacked in bed by some thing or other, which I have hold of ; but I can't see it, I, can't see it." Hammond, doubtless struck by the unfeigned horror expressed in my countenance, made one or two steps forward with an anxious yet puzzled expression. A very audible titter burst from tho remainder of my visitors. This suppressed laughter mado mo furious. To laugh at a human being in my position ! It was the worst species of cruelty. Now, I can understand why the appearance of a man struggling violently, as it would seem, with an airy nothing, and call ing for assistance against a vision, should hove appeared ludicrous. Then, so great was my rage against tho mocking crowd that had I the power I would have stricken them dead where they stood. "Hammond, Hammond!" I cried again, despairingly, "for God's sake come to me. I can hold the — the Thing but a short while longer. It is ovornoweriner me. HoId me. TTeln me !" " Harry," whispered Hammond, ap proaching me, "you have been smoking too much opium." " I swear to you, Hammond, that this is no vision," I answered, in the same low tone. " Don't you see how it shakes my whole frame with its struggles? If you don't believe me, convince yourself. Feel it — touch it." Hammond advanced, and laid his hand in the spot I indicated. A wild cry of horror burst from him. Ho had felt it 1 In a moment he had discovered somewhere in my room a long piece of cord, and was the next instant wind ing and knotting it about the body of the unseen being that I clasped in my arms. " Harry," he said, in a hoarse, agitated voice, for, though he preserved his presence of mind, he wa3 deeply moved, " Harry, it's all safe now. You may let go, old fellow, if you're tired. The Thing can't move." I was utterly exhausted, and I gladly loosed my hold. Hammond stood holding the ends of tho cord that bound the Invisible twisted round his hand, while beforo him, self-supported as it were, he be held a rope laced and interlaced, and stretohing tightly around a vacant space. I never saw a man look so thoroughly stricken with awe. Never theless his face expressed all the courage and determination which I knew him to possess. His lips, although white, were set firmly, and one could perceive at a glanco that, although stricken with fear, ho was not daunted. Tho confusion that ensued amongst tho guests of tho house, who wore witnesses of this extraordinary scene between Hammond and myself — who beheld the pantoinimo of binding this struggling Something — who beheld mo almost sinking from physical ex haustion when ray task of gaoler was over — the confusion and terror that took possession of tho bystanders when they saw all this was beyond de scription. Many of tho weakor ones fled from the apartment. Tho few who remained behind clustered r.ear tho door, and could not be induced to approach Hammond and his Charge. Still in credulity broke out through their terror. Thoy had not the courage to satisfy themselves, and yet they doubted the existence of tho Thing. It was in vain thnt I begged of somo of the men to come near and convince themselves by touch of tho existence of a living being in that room which was invisible. Tlicy were incredulous, but did not daro to undeceive them selves. How could a solid, living, bronthing body bo invisiblo? they asked. My reply wa3 this. I gave a sign, to Hammond, and both of us — -conquering our fearful re pugnance to touching tho invisiblo creature — lifted it from tho ground, manacled as it was, and took it to iny bed. Its weight was about that of a boy of fourteen. " Now, niy friends," I said, as Ham mond and myself held the croaturo suspended over tho bed, " I enn givo you solf-evident proof that there is a Bolid, ponderable body which, never theless, you cannot see. Be good enough to watch tho surface of tho bed attentively." I was astonished at my own courage in treating this strange event so calmly ; but I had recovered from my first terror, and felt a sort of scientific prido in the affair which dominated every other feeling, Tho eyo3 of tho bystanders wero immediately fixed on my bed. At a given signal Hammond and I lot tho creaturo fall. Thcro was tho dull sound of a heavy body nlighting on a soft mass. Tho timbers of tho bed creaked. A deep impression marked itsolf distinctly on tho pillow and on tho bed itself. Tho crowd who wit nessed this gavo a sort of low, universal Pnf nnn fiiuKAr) f #% nMAm. 1.T»«n w J 1 llUUI UiiQ I UUIII, J-1UUI in ond and I wero left alone with our Mystery. AVe remained silent for some time, listening to the low, irregular breath ing of the creature on the bed, and watching tho rustle of the bedclothes as it impotently struggled to free itself from confinement. Then Hammond spoke. " Harry, this is awful." " Ay, awful." "But not unaccountable." " Not linaceountabio ! What do you mean ? Such a thing has never occurred since tho birth of tho world. I know not what to think, Hammond. God grant that I am not mad, and that this is not an insano fantasy 1" " Let us reason a little, Harry. Hore is a solid body which we touch, but which wo cannot see. Tho fact is so unusual that it strikes U3 with terror. Is there no parallel, though, for such a phenomenon ? Take a piece of pure glass. It is tangiblo and transparent, A certain chemicul coarseness is all that prevents its being so entirely transparent as to bo totally invisiblo. It is not theoretically im possible, mind you, to fabricate a glass which shall not reflect a single rav of light — a glass so pure and homogeneous in its atoms that the rays from tho sun shall pass through it as they do through tho air, refraoted but not re flected. We do not see the air, and yet wo feel it." " That's all very well, Hammond, but tlicso are inanimate substances. Glass does not breathe, air does not breathe, This thing has a heart that palpitates. A will that moves it. Lungs that play and inspire and re spire." "You forgot the strange phenomena of which wo have so often heard of late," answered tho Doctor, gravely, " At the meetings called 'spirit circles,' invisible hands had been thrust into the hands of those persons round tho table — warm, fleshy hands that seemed to pulsate with mortal life." " What 1 Do you think, then, that this thing is " " I don't know what it is," was the solemn reply ; " but, please tho gods, I will, with your assistance, thoroughly investigate it." We watched together, smokingmany nines, all nifhfc lnn/r hv t.hA Vinrleio the unearthly being that tossed and panted until it was apparently wearied out. Then we learned by the low, regular breathing that it slept. The noxt morning tho hous8 was all astir. Tho boarders congregated on the landing outside my room, and Hammond and myself were lions. We had to answer a thousand questions as to tho state of our extraordinary prisoner, for as yet not one person in the house except ourselves could bo induced to set foot in the apartment. The creature was awake. This was evidenced by the conclusive manner in which tho bedclothes wero removed in its efforts to escape. There was something truly terrible in beholding, as it wore, those second-hand indica tions of the terrible writhings and agonised struggles for liberty, which themselves were invisible. Hammond and myself had racked our brains during the long night to discover some means by which we might realise tho shape and general appearance of tho Enigma. As well as we could mako out by passing our hands over tho creature's form, its outlines and lineaments were human. There was a mouth ; a round smooth head without hair ; a nose, which, however, was a little elevated above the cheeks ; and its hands and feet felt like those of a boy. At first wo thought of placing the being on a smooth surface and tracing its outline with chalk, as shoemakers trace tho outlino of the foot. This plan was given up as being of no value. Such an outline would give not the slightest idea of its conforma tion. A happy thought struck me. Wo would take a cast of it in plaster of Paris. This would give us the solid figure, and satisfy all our wishes. But how to do it ? Tho movements of tho crenturo would disturb the setting of the plastic covoring and distort tho mould. Another thought. Why not; give it chloroform ? It had respiratory organs — that was evident by its breathing. Once reduced to a state of insensibility, wo could do with it what wo would. Doctor X was sent for ; and after the worthy physician had re covered from tho first shock of amaze ment, ho proceeded to administer tho chloroform. I11 throe minutes afterwaids wo wero enabled to removo tho fetters from the creature's body, and a well-known modeller of this city was busily en gaged in covering tho invisible form with tho moist clay. In fivo minutes more wo had a mould, und beforo even ing ii rough fnc simile of tho Mystery. It was shaped liked a man. Distorted, uncouth and horrible, but still 11 man. ' It was small, not over four feet and 1 somo inches in height, and its limbs I botrayed a muscular development that J was unparalleled. Its face surpassed ; in hideousucss anything that I had j ever seen. | Gustavo Dorc, or Callot, or Tony 1 Johnnnot never conceived anything so | horrible. There is a face in one oi tho 1 letter's illustrations to " Un voyage 1 ou il vou3 plaira" which somewhat ap- | proaohes tho countenanco of this I creature, but does not equal it. It was tho physiognomy of what I should havo fancied a ghoul to be. It looked as if it was capable of feeding on human flesh. Having satisfied our curiosity, and bound overyono in the houso to secrecy, it became a question what was to bo dono with our Enigma ? It was im possible that wo should keep such a horror in our houso; it was equally impossible that such an awful being should bo let loose upon the world. I confess that I would have gladly voted for the creature's destruction. But who would shoulder tho responsibility ? YV ho would undertake tho execution of this horrible Bomblanco of a human boing 1 Day after day this question was de liberated gravely. The boardors all l_fi. il.. 1 . r . " >-"0 nuuso. Mrs. iuoilat was 111 despair, and threatened Hammond and myself with all sorts of legal penalties if wo did not remove tho Horror. Our answer wns, "Wo will go if you liko, but wo decline taking this creaturo with us. Remove it yourself, if you please. It appeared in your house. On you the responsibility rests." , To this there was, of course, no nnswer. Mrs. Moffat could not obtain for love or money a person who would even so much as approach tho Mystery. Tho most singular part of tho trans action was that wo wore entirely ignorant of what tho creaturo habitu ally fed on. Everything in the way of nutriment that wo could think of wns placed beforo it, but was nover touched. Jt was awful to stand by day after day and seo tho clothes toss and hear the hard breathing, and know that it was starving. Ten, twelve days, a fortnight passed, nnd it still lived. Tho pulsations of the heart, however, wero daily grow- ing fainter, and had now nenrly ceased altogether. It wns evident thnt tho creature was dying for want of susten ance. While this terrible lifo-strugglo was going on 1 felt miserable. I could not sleep of nights. Horrible as tho crenturo was, it was pitiful to think of the pangs it was suffering. At last it died. Hammond and I found it cold and stiff' one morning in the bed. Tho heart had ceased to beat, tho lungs to inspire. Wo has tened to bury it in the garden. It was a strango funeral, tho dropping of that viowlcss corpse into tho deep hole. The cast of its form I gavo to Doctor , who keeps it carefully pro- served in his museum in Tonth-street. A3 I nra on tho eve of a long journey from which I may not return, I havo drawn up this narrative of an event the most singular that has ever como to my knowledge. 