/MPKfiiA/.ClianceJJor Tojuit vonCuprivi h= s followed his pn-nt ]»redect»ssor, Prince Bismarck, iiiLci retirement, but it would not be ca«y to imagiue a wider difference than ilmi jjreseuted by tbe results in tbe u\ u eases. Tbe events are similar in ollk'iul character as involving the resignation of a hipb office of State, but in nothing else. Bismarck's resignation had been bo often threatened as tbe hist forceful argument of a forceful Minister that its possibility, if not its probability, was always present to the public* mind. Caprivi seemed firmly seated, and tbe day lief ore he tendered bis resignation nothing seemed more improbable than the prospect of sueh a step. Yet when Bismarck carried bis threat into execution, ami to his chagrin, not less than to his surprise, found his resigna tion accepted, all Europe held its breath to sec what would happen. For a while the most trivial event was re garded as a portent, and a sudden catastrophe was daily expected. Strangely enough, nothing but the unexpected did happen ; but it was a long while before Europe could convince itself that the melo-aramaties of the Shouting Emperor, with which it was daily becoming more familiar. would not inevitably he followed by a diustrons rfc nouemeiit. In Caprivi'scasethe incidence is totally different. His resignation has come upon the public, in the widest sense of the term, with all the sudden ness of a surprise, yet the sensation created has been of the mildest character. At first, a certain degree of incredulity mingled with tbe general feeling of -juiet astonishment, be cause nothing precedent had indicated the probability of such an event. In deed, all the* indications were to the opposite effect^ and -vith£he announce ment of the resignation ^cauie the as surance that the political views of the Emperor and Chancellor were in per fect accord. Later news explains the whole position as one forccd;on by the imperious action of tbe Sovereign, who is generally known to his subjects as 'The young man in a hurry,' and, with the intelligence that both offices, that of Chancellor and President of the Council of Ministers, are filled, the flutter of excitement occasioned by these unexpected events has subsided. Naturally, a greater degree of agitation lias been caused iu Germany than else where, but it is doubtful if changes so sudden and so momentous could occur under any other circumstances and produce bo slight a manifestation of public feeling. Had they been the result of differences between tbe Emperor and his chief advisers with respect to matters of Im perial policy tbe case would have beeu different. But the action of the i Emperor in demanding Caprivi's resig nation, or bis disavowal of responsi bility for tbe Cologne Ga&eUe; article, gave tbe matter a personal complexion which robbed it of all hut minor significance. Briefly stated, the crisis has arisen out of a division in the Im perial Cabinet which has been of long stauding, and serves to show that a mistake was made in separating the Presidency of the Council of Ministers from the Chancellorship. These offices were combined until after the crisis which arose over the Education Bill early in 1892, when Conut von Caprivi resigued the Presidency of the Council, to which office Count Eulenburg was appointed. Prom that point there has been much friction between tbe mem* hers of the Imperial (Toverninent, and their Ministerial recriminations have been freely voiced by tbe semi official Press of Berlin. One section has supported Chancellor Caprivi, and the other has ranged itself as a partisan of opponents, at the head of whom stands Dr. Miguel, Prussiun Finance Minister, a statesman who began life as an j ardent Socialist, and in whom centres I the hopes of the party opposing the I present regime. Between the two sec- j tions an angry controversy has been | raging which explains the ready re course of Count von Caprivi to the columns of the Cologne Gazette when tbe Imperial endorsement of his anti-Socialistic programme, which was followed by Count Eulenburg's resigna tion, gave him au opportunity to exult over his opponents' discomfiture. The sequel serves to show how compara tively trivial may l)e the event deflect ing the course of Imperial policy, and so influencing the destiny of a mighty nation. If Prince Bismarck is right* events must foliow one of two courses. The Emperor must stamp out the Socialists, or the Socialists will stamp out tbe Emperor. Socialism is a term admitting of so many meanings that it requires to be defined almost every time it is used. In the German sense, making allowance for certain extreme sections, it broadly means a liberalism moving in tbe direction of constitu tional and democratic government. How utterly opposed this is to the personal ideas oi tbe Emperor appears in all his public speeches, which abound in assertions of bis divine right, and bear the stamp of bis convection that he holds his authority to rule by the exercise of a personal will, if necessary direct from God Himself. The latest evidence is furnished by his Konigs berg speech, in which he declared that, ' Like his Imperial grandfather, he represented the Monarchy by right Diviue,' and that 'An opposi tion of Prussian nobles against their King was a monstrous tiling.' To one holding^ncli views, the opposi tion of the proletariat must be a tiling still more monstrous. Still Kaiser William has shown on more than one occasion, notably with regard to tbe Education Bill and tbe repeal of the May laws to secure the passage of the Army Bill, that he knows bow to make timely concession in the face of an opposition he cannot otherwise over come. Such a feeling is the Socialistic or liberal trend of popular opinion with which he has to reckon, a feeling which swept the polls in all tbe large cities at the last elections. Therefore, when called upon to decide between the repressive measures advocated by his Chancellor or tbe more tolerant oue6 recommended by the President of the Council, with respect to the Polish Socialists, it was natural that he should prefer the former, and 86 natural that he 6bould object to in crease the popular irritation so caused by countenancing tbe Press attack of the Chancellor on his defeated rival, who represents a popular sentiment. The scene which followed can be easily understood. The Emperor demanded the disavowal of the article to appease public resent ment. The Chancellor declined ; and the Sovereign, whose courage or whose rashness was equal to dismissing the great Chancellor himself when their personal wills came into direct conflict, was not likely to hesitate in dealing with his rather shadowy successor. Caprivi has therefore fol lowed Enlenburg into retirement, and Prince Hohenlohe, one of the strongest statesmen in Germany, fills his place re-uniting the office of Chancellor and President uf the Council, the severance of which lias undoubtedly led to the present complications. * He is a staunch Imperialist, and as such is not likely to 1h» more tolerant of Socialism than was Count Caprivi, and the political prospect is therefore not rendered more hopeful from a popular view-point by his accession to office. Affairs in connection with the spiritualistic expose in Sydney have taken a peculiar turn. Lord Beacons field's epigrammatic phrase, ' It is the unexpected that happens,' presumably h;(d reference to matters purely mun dane. ^ If, then, tve have to take this ' glorious uncertainty 15 into ordinary calculations, it is hardly surprising that it should enter as a still more important factor into those connected with matters extraordinary. If where mere mortals like ourselves are con cerned we cannot predicate with certainty, how can we expect to do so touching affairs in which the visitants from spirit-land are involved ? Thus, according to ordinary calculations,. we were justified in considering that when Mr Henry seized the materialised ghost of*1 Cissy,' called for lights, and found that he was holding the form of the medium, Mrs Mellon, wearing a black mask to personate the re materialised ' colored girl, and shrou ded in spiritualistic muslin draperies, tbe exposure of the fraud was so complete as to carry conviction of the imposture to the mind of the ?nost 'credulous/ The case was itrcngthencd- hy the finding ' v4 Geordic's' beard and the -shoes md stockings which M re Mellon bad removed from her feet. Biit the uncertainty of the mystic has here combined with the uncertainty 1 ©f^e material, and the unexpected 'lias happened to a surprising extent^'So far from being covered with confusibn hy her apparent detection, Mrs Mellon iB not onlv on the confi dently defensive, but also on'' 'the vigorously aggressive. She firstdenies in toto Mr Henry's statements and corroborations, and then asserts that what portion of them appeared to be true are perfectly cobsistenjb:^ with psychic phenomena. ThuB shesayB The moment Mr Henry made the grab I full off my .chair to my knees. The people in the room heard me fall, and thought fcHad fainted. When I fell 1 seemed to shoot Into - the spiritual form which had been evident , and practicallyto absorb it, the consequence being that Blr Henry, instead of gripping the form, had hold of my arm. I should explain that we know these forms to be made tip of atoms and particlcs from the atmosphere, ^and from those in circle, combined with the Nerve Aura and the 'Life Essence1 of the medium ; ! and if anything interferes with the form, which is really part of the medium, it must necessarily hurt the medium, and will draw the medium into the form. That fact hAe been demonstrated over and over again, but never in my own case until this particular instance occurred. From the foregoing it will lx* seen that the question therefore is, Did Mrs Mellon make up her materialised spirits out ^ of the ordinary stage properties' of* a ^ lightning change ' artist, or waeitjie change made up of Mrs Mellon's Nerve Aura ' and 44 Life Essence,' combined with a considerable propor tion of her physical tissue? Facts that call for special notice in connec tion with the affair are, first, the very strange neglect of Mr Henry to retain one thread of material evidence in support of his statements. Mrs Mellon is quick to take advantage of this, and, though 6he does not deny the muslin drapery, she says it deroaterial ised and vanished before the gaze of the beholders ; while as to the other articles, the mask, beard, shoes, stock ings, etc., in denying them she tri umphantly asks, Where are they r Cfer taiuly Mr Henry is unable to produce any of these exhibits, which a man in his case would have held to so tena ciously. He says tbey were snatched from him, but in any case it is unfor tunate for him r.that they are not pro ducible. Next comes the still more singular fact ' that a number of the others present at the teance , instead of being indignant at the deception prac- ?: tised upon them, side with Mrs Mellon. ' We were present at a teanct held at .Mrs McJlon'p house, Woollahra, oa Friday night, October 12, 1894. We were sitting in the front row of the circle; and consequently had the best opportunity for observing. At the time that Mr HcnTy grasped the form wc all distinctly heard a thud or sound of a fall, as if the medium had fallen off her chair. This corroborates Mrs Mellon's state* ment that she was not on her knees when Mr Henry grasped the form, but was sud denly drawn forward off herchair. We saw neither* he false beard nor the shawl nor the mask, but only the empty black l-ag that had been used before the^si anrc to rltifit the musical-box. Neither the ehawl, beard, nor mask was produced subsequently, but only the small bag or common du6tcr. When the light was turned up all of us, without excep tion, saw Mrs Mellon's face, and wc, all of us, emphatically declare that there was no mask on it.' The evidence on these points is there fore decidedly conflicting, and to those who can accept tbe psychic explana tion tbe proofs of deception are want ing. In her further defence Mrs Mellon declares that when her medical adviser will permit she will be prepared to give proof, under test conditions, of her materialising capacity. Concurrent with this Dr. Sl4Carfchy, the Sydney physician, whose name has been so pro minent in connection with the matter, says as soon as Mrs Mellon is in a fit 6tate of health he will arrange for this test »cancey and should the lady decline no one will go further than be in denouncing the power she claims of materialising spirits. Here the diffi culty will be to decide what are test conditions, it being already assured that those which will satisfy the be lievers in spiritual manifestations of this clasB will still leave tbe more sceptical unconvinced. It may indeed be said that by a great many the whole affair will be regarded as unworthy of serious attention, but this view will not be that of the thinking majority. That there is some connection between the material and immaterial, between tbe seen and unseen, is supported bv such volumes of testimony that to totally reject the idea is to discredit all laws of evidence. Further, the conviction that rapport can be estah lishod between tbe two has become the firm belief of so many millions that the subject cannot be treated as mere matter for ridicule. This position is not in the least affected by what may be the facts or final results in the Mellon case. Mrs Mellon may or may not be a cheat and an imposter, but in no case can it affect the spiritist cult beyond throwing upon it that passing discredit which tbe misbehaviour of its nrofessor casts upon every creed. What the honest enquirer will still desire to do will be to 6ift the thing more thoroughly, and, if possible, to learn to distinguish between psychic facts and their fraudulently so-called manifestations. The tjisk may be long and arduous, but truth is found bv sparchipg. A Dastabdly Act. — A fortunate dis covery was made vtsterday afti rnijoi; in connection with the Wcllington-str« i-t firc. bell tower. Mr J. E. Clarke, who was driv ing past in his phaeton, noticed etnoke issuing from the towir, and on investigating tbe cause he found the keros-.nc torch at tached to the reel had been lighted, and was dangerously near burning the hose. GOOfi of which would speedily have been consumed had not the fire been discovered anil ex tinguished by Mr Clarke. The authorities have no doubt the torch was disipnedlv lighted, and the |-oliee have the matt vr in hand with the hope of bringing tbemihehjant to justicc. The fire brigade offers a reward of £5 for information as will lead to the conriction of the jicrpon or persons con cerned in the outrage. New Zealand Liquor Law. — Jn tbe 1 New Zealand House of ltcpriscntaiives. rc. plying to a question as to the cx|K?ns- s of the administration of the Alcoholic Liquors Kale Control Act, 1893, amounting to £6947 8s lOd, and which was wholly dcfrayid out of the revenue of local bodies, R6 to whether Ihc Government int* nded to reimburs- local bodies for the loss of such rew nue and con scquent loss of Governm* nt subsidy, the pre, mier said inquiry would be made, and the Government would favorably considr r it if it were found that there was any difference against the local bodies as compared with the expense of the preyipjis elicijpn. OADBUItV'S COCOA. The only absolutely pure Cocoa, free from alkali, elarch, sugnr, and adulteration of tvery kind. Health callsit 'A perfect food * The 3/edirnl Annual sa*s: — 'The name 'Cadbury ' on any packet of Cocoa is a guar antee of purity.' The Anelytt refers to it a# 'The most pericctoi prepared cocoas, o/ahso lute purity, and ftlwa;e alike in quality,' Caves iExctrasioN.— The cheap .ulip arranged by the Hail Way Departaient.tO tJie Chudlcigh ,cavc64)n Prince of iValesVBirth day promises lo be a success, arid will^afiord those who havo not visited these splendid rights a chancc of doing so under very faVOr* nme conditions. Intending visitors 'fere | minded that room in ihc train; whi6h leave».' I Launccston at. a quarter past nine o'clock oh | the day mentioned, is limitedj ajid applica? tiou for tickets Bhould be made early, at the railway station. New Zealand Band CoNTBStfi.lle fcrring to the playing at the rcceftbrqls hand contests at Invcrcargil^NewZdland'a correspondent writing to a New Zealand paper says : — Of the Weber selection most of the bands gave a good rendering, lath-, pow (I vercargill. Garrison, and Reader of the. St. Joseph's Band, Launccston) gave a fine interpretation of the cornet solo, and played the cadenza splendidly. The Invercargill Garrison Band were good all round, and had a prand tone in the massive parts, but they lackcd refinement in many parts, and were out of tunc in several -places. However, they kept splendidly together, 'and deserve ever}* praise for their tine performance, The contest was concluded on October 18th, and the judges' decision gave a victory for the Invercargill' Garrison Band, with -Kaikorai second, Timaru Garrison and the Dunedin Navals tying for third place. The prizcB were, £100 cash aud silver-plated and cn praveel cornet, valued at £12 12s, presented by Messrs. Boosey and Co., London ; sccond ji'rir.e, £50 ; third price, £80 ; fourth prire, £20. A protest was entered Against the In vircargill Garrison on the ground that Messrs. Lithgow and Anderson were not bona fide members within the meaning of the rulis. Both players held their names were on the roll. The priee money will be hold by the contest committee, in com pliance with legal notice served upon them, and pending further developments. -Tasmania* International Exhibi tion. — A meeting of . ladies, constituting those interested in the women's section of the Exhibition, was held at the Albert- Hall yrstcrday afternoon. Mrs W. Hunt pre sided, and about a dor.cn ladies were present, including Miss Price, who has acted xm secretary to the local committee. A letter from Mrs F. Walb r was received advising holding a horticultural section, but it 'wa& decidcd not to take steps in the matter. The question of insuring exhibits to befonvarded 10 Hobart was left with the individual ex hibitors. . About 200 exhibits will bfe forwarded under the auspices of the local ladies' committee. - -1 Japanese Cubios. — Messrs. A. W. Bircball and Sons arc now showing a choice assortment of Japanese curios, which tfcey have imported from one of the largest firms in f Japan. The goods comprise a wide variety of handsome ware, including bowls, vas .s, porcelain cups and sauccrs, tcte-i-tele sets, and five o'clock tea sets, gongs, .fire screens. ctc. The wnole of the articles will , be offered for sale at greatly reduced price p. ! Tamah-stbeet Church Sunday School. — A wry 6uccesrful tea meeting was held in connection with the Sunday school anni- ; vcrsary last night at the Tamar-strcct ' church, when about 120 friends sat down to partake of the ample provisions tastefully set out by the ladies of the congregation.. Earnest and appropriate address. s were dc- | livercd by Rev. E. Harris and J. G. Wright, and by Messrs. S. J. Sutton, M.H A., F. Gurr, and H. Stephens. The total result of the anniversary collections will bo £40, with which the teachers are naturally well pleased. Bitten by a Snake— At about 8 p.m. ou Saturday last a man named Edward Smith, a farmer residing at - the Nook, was bitten bv a whip snake on the little finger of the left hand. ? He was engaged ploughing in the paddock, ard when in the act of picking up some rubbish in front of the plough he felt something sting him. He dropped the rubbish, in which was a snake about 14in long. A ligature was tied round the injured finger and the wound suckcd. Smith at oncc rode into Sheffield, and was attended by Dr. Davis, who injected strychnine into the finger. No ill effects of the bite were exhibited, And about evening the farmer returned to his home. Telegbaphic. — Perth (W.A.) advises the post and telegraph office at. Hannan's find will in the future be exiled Kalgoorlie. Gold jn India. — South Africa and WiStcrn Australia arc not the only parte of the world where the production of gold is advancing by leaps and bounds. In August the Indian output beat record handsomely,1 the total yield amounting to nearly 20, OOOoz, b( ing more than 10 per ccnt. in excess of the output in August, 1893. Nor was this large augmentation consequent upon any exceptional circumstance ; the increase of yield is almost continuous. It being estab lished, then, that gold in paying quantiti- s exists in Southern India, there is a possi bility that if diligent search were made it would be found elsewhere, just as it happened in the case of coal. At all events (says the Globe ) it would be well worth the while of the Indian Government to engage another gold mining expert to make search after the manner of Mr lirough Smith. It was through his direct instrumentality that the fields, which now employ thousands of native miners, were dis covered. There is scarcely any large area in Hindustan where some tradition of auriferous wealth in ancient times does not linger. It is a fact, too, that in some parts of the Punjaub and clsowhcre natives make a living by washing river sand for gold brought down from the hills. Perhaps, ilur. fore, if these streams were followed up to their 6ourc(6, as used to be done iu Cali fornia, the searcher might come upon gold beyond the dreams of avaric. There could be no better fortune for India than to be come a great gold-producing country, nor as Hiivr means ef increasing tbe exchange value of silver. A Special Bepobt fbom Coolqabdie. — A special correspondent, who rccentlv vihitcrt Coolgardie, writes to the S, M. Herald : — It took us seven da; s from Southern Cross to Coolgardie. The distance if 115 miles by the telegraph line, and about 120 by the track, the old road being via G iiarlbine being put down at 10 mib & longer. Tlie wanderer who goes by team des^rvts a few yellow 'slugs' for his pluck. He has to tramp 10 hoars a day through heat and Kami, he bus to live on tinned foods, and he lias to roll himself in his 'browny,' and sleep on the softest spot he can find nnder i ho stars, and it is remarkable how et^rce »ift spots become when it is time to 'turn in.' The best bed nndcr the circumstances in two or three armfuls of gum leaves. But with all the disabilities of 'swamping' it is no worse than coaching up. Bisidis, you can reckon that you have found an j ounce Flug. To get to* the field it cost me | about £10 108 from Adelaide, the difference I from Melbourne or Sydney not being very prvat. In order to learn as much as possible &l-out; the business of roughing it I weut second saloon in the Ormue to Albany, &ccond- cla;&6 on the railway to Northam, £rst -class from Northam to Southern Cross, and bv team from tjicre tq poolgardie. How, here is a hint to future 'swamjfers'— Book right through to Southern Cross by Thomas Cook and Sons, the welt-known touri6t agents. You will save perhaps £2. It is not necessary to get a large quantity of sup plies at Southern Cross as good bread can 'be bought on the road, though it is more expen sive every mile further you travel. A couple of warm rugs and a piece of damp-proof sheeting such as surveyors use arc absolutely necessary. A small tent can be erected at most of the camps, but 'swampers' seem to prefer the tent of the heavens. Now, I think I have told intending ' speckere,' ' dry -blowers,' and 'reefers' everything except one thing, which has been impressed u])on my mind as the beginning of wisdom in Western Australia — Don't poi^o to Coolgardie if you are making a depent Ij^ng where yqu are. Fata lit? at a Wedeing. — ^ A very sad fatality occurred ' recently at Thannington, a village' near Canter bury, England, and cast a gloom over a wedding festivity tliat was proceed ing at the time. 'The wedding iiarty had been driven to the church in a carriage, and while the crremony was pro ceeding inside the church the clriv^r re maineo outside holding his horse under the shade of a neighboring tree. A sudden flash of lightning and roar of thunder startled the wedding party in tbe church, but, of coursc, the service went on to its conclusion . When they came out of the church, however, to drive home, they found the driver and the horse both l-ing dead, having been killed instantaneously by that lightning flash. The horror- stricken bride fainted at the spec tacle, and the whole party were greatl; shocked. * Gas consumers who have not jmet their last quarter's accounts must do so to-day, if they do not wish to have the supply cot off. Liability --'.op !' JfthtrbipAikjips;- fob Stbeet ;OneTijocTlb2ffci^- An action 'for; damages 'brought ' by llobcrt -Clwlsbarry^ fl#dnBt thc ^outh Melbourne Goubcil was oonclufled in the Oounty Court on Thursday {says the 'A ye) before Judge Gaunson and a jury of.TBiXi^jMiyjJayiB appeared ; :forT th c plalnUff.^ndjtr lj'Arthur for the defend-, ants.^ The plaintiff's 'exse was that on the morning.of thc,12th April last he was driv ing iiis miifc cart, along St. Vincent-street, South Melbourne, and when at the intersec tion of Smith-street one wheel of the vehicle came, into collision with a heap of road mctalln theToadwaj with such violence that hc^ was thrown: out, sustaining very severe, injures about, the bead and other parts. He wasattended by several doctors, and an operation -yras performed on him. His mcdical expenses amounted to £197 8s. 'Through the injuries to the head bciiad loBt the sight of inc eye, and it was possible that he would bccotnc .totally blind. . He claimed £1279 elamnges, contending that tbe acci dent wan cause i hy the negligence of the defendants in allowing an unprotected heap of metal to remain , in the street. The de fence waBi.Iiati.the roadway lini been opened with the permission of the Council by a pri vate contractor, who desired to-' do -some plumbing work to the water pipe. Under thrse circohistances it was uiged that the defendants could not be held responsible for any negligence of which the contractor might have been guilty, ns the work was not done for the' Council or by its direction. Contributory negligence on the part of the plaintiff was nlw pleaded. The jury, after some deliberation, found for the plaintiff, damages £1261 10s. His Honor, before entering up judgment, consented te state a case for the'opinion of the Full Court as to whether the 'defendants were legally respon sible for the result of ihc act of an inde pendent contractor. Cikc and fancy fair in St. Andrew's school-room on Tuesday next, opening at 8 'clock is the afternoon. 'M ssrs. Pepper and Perrin, dircct'im^ porters. Brisljanc-slrcet,are offering special value in lace curtains, and parasols and sun shades. Prices are quoted iu the. advertise- ment. Mr W, G. Edmunds, principal of the Launc s'.on Commercial College, St. John street, notifies that Mr John Couston, first assistant master at St. James' Grammar School, Melbourne, will join the staff in. January, 1895. The following subjects will then be taught, in addition to the ordinary English and commercial course : — Latin, French, German, singing, and shorthand. 