Yachting Vabber. Last Saturday the D.S.C. held the second race of the season. Great interest was centred in the 28ft. taee owiDfi; to the Pairlie racing in company with Volant, Qitana, and Iolanthe. Fairlie although considerably under tho 28ft. length, turned up winner without her time allowanoe. She made a false start in company with Ghana and had to re start, thereby allowing Volant and [olanthe to get clear away, but gradually worked up to the front finally iroaBing the line 18 seconds in front of bhe second yacht Volant. Fairlie proved eery fart, especially in lig-ht winds when she ghosts away. She also runs remark ibly fast, keeping pace with the 28 footers, a point where all other 21ft. pachts fail. Volant went in something like her true Form, the light sea breeze being more to lier liking than squally weather. There was not weight enough in the wind for Gitana, and after getting into third place ehe dropped behind con siderably. Iolanthe, who likes stronger winds and more reaching than she got last Satur iay to show to advantage, won third prize by time allowance. Thelma won the first class 21ft. race, sailing remsrltably well, and giving Viking a decisive beating, winning by 12 minutes over the line. Viking made a very poor show, in fact jarrving a jib-hnaded topsail when she 3oul-3 have carried a jack-yarder, she looked like cruising rather than racing. Wygala also started in her maiden race but, did not come up to expectations is she could neither reach nor weither with the other boats, finally giving up. Extensive alterations will liavo to be made to her before she will be fit com pany for this class. Inez won hands down in her class, and by the way she is sailing looks quite good anough to race in tho first class. Imp did not go as well as usual. Khe seems too deep in the water and would make better pace if lightened up con siderably. Hebe entered as usual, but by -;ho way she was sailed it did not look as if it was intended to tty and win. When last she sailed against Inez there was not much to choose between them for speed. There are only two races on to-day. One for 28ft. yachts, entrants: Volant, Gitana, Iolanthe, Fairlie, and Thelnia; and one for tho Becond class 21ft. yachts, entrants : Inez, Imp, and Hebe. The first section of tho Mount Lyell Kailway is to bo immediately commenced. The contract of Uarnsworthy and Smith, of Melbourne, at £23,000 having been accepteil. Smell ing works are also to bo put in hand. 