THE HTOTMOTOTKIST, ' You brute,' exclaimed Mrs. Pepper as. she reached out in the darkness and felt in the crib for. the baby. ' What's the matter now ? ' growled Pepper, half asleep. 'Matter? Matter enough. Get up at once and fetch the baby.' 'You're dreaming ; the baby's in the crib,' 4 -'Taint. You brought up the cat wrapped in a blanket and rocked it to sleep and left the baby downstairs on the sofa.' An old gentleman, speaking to a young lady and commenting upon her freshness and good looks, re marked : ' Ah, my dear, may you long retain them. Yours is a happy period of life ; you know nothing yet of the jealousies, the heart- burnings, the con tentions, the rivalries, that beset the pathway of existence.' 'Don't I, though?' she interrupted: ' I want you to understand that I belong to a church choir.' An Irish housekeeper was showing to some of the visitors the family portraits in the picture gallery. 'That 'officer there in the uniform,' she said, ' was the great-great-grandfather of the present owner of the property. He was as brave as a lion, bnt one of the most unfortunate of men : be never fought in a battle in which he did not have an arm or a leg carried away.' Then she added proudly, ' He took part in twenty- four engagements.' The other day a cockney, when commencing to dine at an Aberdeen hotel, rose hurriedly from tho table, and rang the ball violently. On the waiter appearing he demanded, indignantly : ' What do you call this?' ''Hare soup, sir,' quietly answered the waiter. ' Hi calls it honiy coloured water,' more angrily exclaimed the* Cockney. ' Weel, in that case,' rejoined the waiter, ' the hare maun have been dropsical whan it was shot.' First Actor: ' Look here, talk about realism on the stage. Why, I once played the part of Old Moor in 'The Kobbers,' with the. result that the entire audience were bathed in tears.' Second Actor: 'Why, my dear fellow, that is nothing. Our company recently gaive, in a country place, a performance of ' The Robber?, ' which was so true to life that the inhabitants missed several articles the following day.' 'What do you want?' she asked of the tramp who had made bis way around to the kitchen door. ' ^vothin' much, ma'am,' he replied with a polite ness that awakened her suspicion. ' Money, I sup- ~ pose. We don't give tramps money.' ' No'm. I don't want no money.' ' Well, we have no vic tuals, except for dinner, and they ain't done yet.' I don't even ask for none of yer dinner, ma'am. All I want is some dry bread ; jes' dry bread.'' She was touched. ? ' Poor man !' Bhe exclaimed. 'Here, I'll give you a piece of pie, anyhow.' ' No'm. I druther hev the dry bread.' ' Do you like it ? ' No, but yer see me an' the rest of the boys have hustled aroun' till we've got a turkey, and some celery, an' some cranberry sauce, and some plum puddin', au' all we want now is jes' the dry bread ter make the Btuffin' of.' It certainly was too bad of him, and quite excusable of the worthy butcher. ' Oh, Mr. Joyntz, 1 thought I'd just look in to tell you that — well — you remember my wife buying a steak of you yesterday morning ? ' ' ' Perfectly, Mr. Jolker; I hope it was all right.' ' Dm ! It was about that I called now. Although the weather is not a bit hot, not one morsel of that steak could either of us eat to-day.' Then, if the weather was not warm, Joyntz soon got so, and he said things I will not repeat here ; hut meet me iu the smoking room or after the ladies have left the table— and'I may. Anyhow, he finished up with, 'Weli, sir, pr'aps you'll tell me what was the matter with it — as nice a bit of steak as ever I cut. Why couldn't you eat it to-day ?' ' 'Cos we ate it all yesterday.' And Jolker folded his tent like the Arabs, and as silently slunk away. A correspondent forwards to the Scottish Leader a good story concerning the late Lord Bowen. When the Judge was plain Mr. Bowen he acted as the re presentative of tbe Crown to inquire into the work ing of the Truck Act at Hamilton in 1870. One of the witnesses examined was a miner, whom Mr. Bowen interrogated as follows Mr. Bowen: 'I see from the colliery time- book you were not at your work on Tuesday ? ' 'Miner : ' No.' ' Nor on Wednesday ? ' ' No.' ' Nor on Thurs day either?' 'I went doon to see ma graith.' Q. : ' What did Mr. Graith say to you ? ' Miner : '?Eh?' 'Tell us what Mr. Graith said to you when you went down to see him ? ' Miner : ' I'm thinking ? ' Mr. Bowen (severely) :' Witness, remember you are upon your oath. Just tell us in your own way what Mr. Graith said to you when you went down to see him on Thursday ? ' At this point Mr. Allison, of Messrs. Burns and Allison, the legal representative of the iron-masters, intervened, and quietly informed Mr. Bowen that 'graith' meant a miner's working tools. In one of the towns of Spain there was a certain man who was gifted with a very peculiar kind of second sight. Whenever he passed a doctor's he could see outside the door the ghosts of all those patients who had died during the time they had been attended by the doctor. It came to pass that he him self fell ill, and it was necessary that he should seek the assistance of a physician, so he started out to find the best one he could. He went to the houses of all the medical men who were considered the cleverest in the place, but lie found the doorways so crowded with ghosts that he feared to go in. After traversing the principal streets and not discovering a single doctor worthy, as he thought, of confidence, he at lMt turned into an alley, and there, outside the house of a seemingly very insignificiant doctor, he saw a ®°htary little white ghost glimmering. Thinking that he must be a very clever doctor, who had only il a °?e Person) he went into the house, aud was attended to by the doctor whom he had thus dis covered. As he was departing the doctor said to him — 'My good sir, I cannot think who could have re commended you to come to an insignificiant man like myself, for during the whole time I have practised I have only had one patient, and I am sure that he could not possibly have told you. Before the Boman Catholic Belief Bill was passed every Irish .voter was asked before he polled of what ? religion he was. Of course every scheme was tried to evade the question, for if he proved to be a Boman Catholic the vote was lost. Tim Eafferty presented himself at the polling-booth at one of the Irish ^ borough elections, aud was asked the question, ' What religion are ye ?' 'Answer: Bi gor, sor, and I am the same religion as me fbre fathera.' 'Come, Tim, that won't do; tell lis plainly.' No other answer could be ob tained. . Then the clerk tried another, and said, what persuasion are you?' 'By jahers,' Tim, who gave a rollicking flourish with his shillelagh, ' I should like to see the man a per suading o'_ me !' Several other plans were tried, and no satisfactory answer was given. At last, in despair, he was aisked, ' Of what way of thinking y.ou ^ 'Well, sor, I am the same way of thinking as me landlady.' ' Why, Tim, that's no answer; what does she think?' 'Well sor' answered.Tim, ' I pwo her £7 10s for rent; and she thinks I shall never pay her, aud bo do I.' J i 