A HAUNTED BRIDE. By JAMES McGOVAN, Author of 'Brought to Bay,' 'Hunted Down,' 'Strange C!uee,-! 'Traced and Tracked,' 'Solved Mysteries,' &o.; A man with a firm set mouth, a dear grey eye, and a face expressive of great determina tion and energy asked for me one day at the Central, and patiently waited for more than an hour till I appeared. He did nob look much over 30, but there was a wrinkle between the eyebrows which told plainly that he was in very serious trouble. As he seemed to be a married man, I raahly concluded that his wife had run away, bus his first words corrected that mistake. ' I was to have beep married this week to Comely Bank, but a low hawker who tells fortunes has blown up her head with some etory about me, and now she has thrown me over and will not see me or explain, except to eay that ehe can never marry me. Now fortune-telling, I believe, is against the law, so I want you to take that vile hag and give her the heaviest punishment the law will allow,' That was his case in a nutshell, but unfortu nately the offence bad not been committed against him, so I saw that I should have to let him down as gently as possible. ' You want revenge, I suppose, for the Iobs of your bride?' I quietly remarked, after thinking over the matter for a little. ' No, not revenge exactly, but I want that fortune-teller removed — put out of the way — shut up in prison ; for I've a feeling that she is aU that; stands between me and a good wiie. Mrs. Davidson is young and a soft-hearted creature, and I feel cure I could win her back if this hag were only shut off from her. At first I thought of letting her have iier own way and giving her up, but then I found that I had got to like her too well, and, then, there is my two young bairns, with no one to look after them. I'm in business as a tailor and clothier dotra in Btockbridge — you may have seen the name, MoAndrew — and Fve to work hard all day myself, so I must have a wife to look after my house and bairns,' ' You could raise an action for breach of promise,' I suggested. ™ 'And get well laughed atl™ he warmly answered. ' Oh, no ! I've nothing against Mrs. Davidson — in fact, I must marry her or nobody. Very foolish, no doubt, that seems to you, but I can't help my feelings. The only bar in the way is that be&stly; hawker, and I suppose you can remove her.' ' Well, I don't know,' I very gravely re turned. '* Have you any proof than she told fortunes and received money for it 7' 'I have no direct proof, but I have no doubt she did it. I could bob understand what was wrong till the servant girl threw out an oar and told me about the hawker's visits. She began with the servant and ended with the mistress.' ' Did she take money from the servant V 'Ob, no; she was too cunning for that. She told her fortune first, saying to the girl she could make her a present after if she liked. The girl gave her sixpence.' ' And what did sbe say to the misferess?' ' I can't find that out. She came and went Eeveral times and was always locked up with Mrs. Davidson in her own room, but the result was tnat ± wae c&bd; on. ' What could she have Baid to bring aboat that result?' ' Oh, anything that wonld pay her best, I suppose — p'r'aps that the planess were, against the marriage. They will say anything, these wretches, to get money. She must be a clever jade, though, for the lassie declared that she told her things in her own life that were known only to herself.1' ' Did you get her name?' ' She said her name . was Morella Herne, and that she comes of a long line of fortune tellers. She is a tall d*rk woman, about 40, with jet black hair, and I suspect her basket and her hawker's license are only a blind, and she makes all her money by fortune-telling.' I smiled out at the name and hastened to eay— 'Oh, if it's Morey Herne I'm afraid you'll never catch her tripping. She is one of the most cunning women breathing, and will twist and turn and wriggle and glide, and 'lie through a brick walL Fve had a few irosHlts with her, and I assure you I always go* worsted.' 'But yoa can arrest her, snrely, on my eharge '{' McAhdrew said rather ruefully. ' I'm afraid not. You see the offence is not proved. The girl gave her sixpence as a pre sent, and you know nothing of what took place between Morey and the widow.' 'You need direct evidence*' 'Yes.' '* Then, by gum, you shall have it. Pii get the jade to tell my fortune for money and tbea have her arrested by yoa. Ail's fair in love and war and if I can only get her into gaol for a month I could win my wife and defy her.' I laughed outright — he thought at his energy, but really at the idea of him getting ahead of Morey Herne. He departed, how ever, quite sure of his power and a do,y or two later came back to reporb tbe result. Morey had been in the habit of culling occasionally at his workshop to eel! needles to his men and on one of these occasions Me Andrew came in upon her in the act of telling one of the men a deal of his past life. 'I'll give you haTf a crown,' be said to her rather precipitately, ' if you tell me my fortune.' There is nothing which those gipsy creatures are smarter at than reading the mind through the face and I have not the slightest doubt that Morey read his inten tions there as clearly as if he bad warned her aloud. 'Fib not allowed to take money for fortune telling,' she very cunningly replied, 'butFli tell you all you want to know for nothing. You've had a great disappointment and you think your heart will break under it, but there's a young maiden in store for yon who will chase aU the clouds frora your life. She will bring you money and much happiness. She is a fair girl, with blue eyes, and not above 21, and she loveo you to distraction. Don't Blight her or an evil fate will be yours.' MeAndrew started and paled, for the description seemed to lift with remarkable accuracy a young girl of his own acquaintance, and the cause of his excitement was a dashing thought that perhaps that was the secret of Moroy working to sunder him and Mrs. DavidpxjB. In this suspicion he was entirely mistaken, but it is carious that the wooan should have thus hit upon something eo near the truth. 'You're wrone this time,** he remarked when he had recovered his breath. ' I know & young v/otaan like that, bus Til never marry tier. 'Time will tell,' said Morey with a wicked : ,^leam of her teeth and eyes. She only laughed. »t his offer of half-a-orown and went off, leav ing him painfully oonsciouB that she had been too acute for him. He had therefore to report his failure and at the same time humbly aakad for my advice. ' Well, you had better give up Morey for the present — she is too old a bird to be caught by cha ff, ' I said after a little thought. ' You must have a talk with Mrs. Davidson and get at the secret of her aversion.' ' It's no use ; I can't get near her.' ' Tuts I you are a man, and man is so con structed that he can break through every fence which a woman can put about her it he be desperately in love with her.' 'Well, that's just my case,' he dolefully admitted. ' But Fve tried hard to get her to speak to me, but failed.' 'Then try again.' He went away rather more hopeful and tried desperately hard, and at laBt did surprise the ;Voung widow into a conversation with him, and then he got at some curious facts, which I may set down in their proper order. The first visit of Morella had been with the ostensible purpose of showing Mrs. Davidson some lace, but) ahe had no sooner found herself alone with the widow than she fixed her big black eyes on her face &nd; said, in the usual jargon — 'I could tell yoa something you would like to know— past, present, and future.' Mrs. Davidson was rather soft, but not more superstitious than her neighbors, but her curiosity was roused and she thought it wonld be good fun to hear what the woman would eay, so she answered — ' I don't believe you can — but say away.' 'Wei', you've bad one husband, hun you did not keep him long and you'il soon have another — at least the stars are pointing that way, but there's a cloud over them and it may mean good or it may mean eviL If you cross iny hand with gold I may be able to see through it and tell you. Your whole future depends on it.' 16 is nofe easy, looking at the position coolly, to understand bow the young widow was so pliant as to give Morey half a sovereign, but the hawker had a strange, electrifying manner, and I sometimes thought fascinated her victims much as a serpent) does a bird. The result of the crossing of her band vas »be strange advice that the young widow should make sure of her future by consulting her first husband. 'Consult him ! Why, he's dead!' she ex claimed in lively horror. 'Yes, but his spirit hovers over you,^ watch- ing over your welfare,' said this blasphemous wretch. ' If you can lend me aay chain or £old watch that belonged to him, and_ the Bible he used most, and a silver or gold pin, I could easily geS him to declare whether you should marry this man or not If the charm lies under the stars for three days and nights and nothing appears to you you may marry this man in perfect trust and confidence.' 'What — what do you mean by nothing appearing?' tremblingly answered her dupe, with the marrow almost freezing in her veins. 'Just that if he should be displeased he will appear to you in some form at midnight on the third night after the charm is set ; bub that is not likely. Even if he should appear his wrath might be appeased.' ' Than Til have nothing feo do with ifc,' said the widow very decidedly on she principle that it is best to let sleeping dogs lie. ' I don't want any ghosts coming about me and I don't see that he has any right to dictate to me what; kind of bosband I'm to take. I'm nothing to him now.' 'That's where you're mistaken — you're everything to him ; but he's only watching over you for your good and haa no control over your actions,' said the wily hawker. 'He knows whether your marriage will be a happy one, but he has no power to prevent you marrying this man if you're determined to do it.' 'Pm not determined, but I promised to marry him and a body is supposed to keep a promise of that kind,' said the widow, feeling in her heart that she wanted very much to keep that promise ; but Morey very soon con vinced her that it was of deadly inaporfcaace that sbe should make sure of her future and in the end departed carrying with her a gold chain and a scarfpin which had belonged to the late Mr. Davidson. She also carried away a Bible, but I donbtif she prized that so much as the 'articles of gold.' There was a dis tinct understanding that these articles were oniy lent to the hawker to work the oharm and were to be returned at the end of the three dayg, but when that time had elapsed Morey returned bearing the Bible alone and saying that the other articles had mysteriously vanished, which she took for a bad omen. 'Sit up till midnight and keep up your bed room blind,' she advised in conclusion, 'and if you see anything be sure it is a sign that you're to have no more to do with McAu drew.' Mrs. Davidson wag still sceptical, but she rigidly followed tbe directions and had the horror of seeing a gray shadowy figure pass slowly along the green in front of her bed room window. It was not the mere figure which froze herto the marrow, buttbe unearthly appearance of the form. It looked like a mere mass of grey cloud shaped like a man and seemed to float along the ground in the ap proved ghostly style. Mrs. Davidson nearly fainted at she tight, but had a glimmer of reason left to suggest) to her that her husband had ' crined in' somewhat since his death — in a word, he was scarcely so tall as a spirit as he had been as a living able-bodied coal merchant. Stall the fact that he had been charmed out of the land of spirits by the gold articles and the old Bible was horrifyingenough to coverall deficiencies iu his size, for it proved beyond a doubt that the widow was going on & wrong sack and about to marry a man who would not make her happy, so shs plumped down on her knees and made a vow to give up atoAudtew for ever, which resolve she firmly carried out as he had already related to me. But eren giving up ber affianced husband did not, as she innocently expected, lay the ghost. On the day after the visitation Morey appeared and gravely listened to the account, and then said the feared that the ghost would return every third night for an indefinite period, unless, indeed, they could manage to uharm him away to his proper quarters by the novel process of shooting him. Now it was evident to both of them that an ordinary bullet would be of no use against a spirit, but would skim through it as easily as through a slant of moonlight. The bullet had to be a magic one compounded after the following recipe: — Take five gold sovereigns and four pieces of lead and arrange them with one piece of lead between every two sovereigns : add. a portion of the hair of the deceased person ; place them all in the hands of a trustworthy person, descended from a long line of fortune-tellers, and let that person melt them alone at midnight into ten bullets ; drop those bullets into water, and choose the one whioh does not sink, and that is the one which will kill the liveliest ghost that ever floated. I am thus particular to give the recipe in full, because some day an obtrusive ghost may come to haunt you, and then you will know how to Bend it about its business. How ever, I will be frank, as Morey was — there is a possibility of failure. This arises from some spirits being more obstinate tban other?, and requiring additional charms and gold articles to frighten them away. Morey got the gold sovereigns and bits of lead and a lock of the deceased coal merchant's hair and duly made the magia bullet, but when she brought ip to Mrs. Davidson and appeared to load it into the pistol which was to settle the spirit for ever she wan honest enough to tell-the widow that it might fail. ' If it ie to succeed,' she said with praise worthy forethought!, ' the spirit will disappear like a flash and never come back, but if it is sot strong enough the spirit will come forward threateningly aud possibly laugh aloud.' The possibility of a spirit ''laughing aloud' ?was too horrible, and Mrs. Davideon would fain have backed out of the whole business ; bafe Morey at geos explained that if the magic Bbonting were not carried out) not one but a whole troop of ghosts would appear on the coming 'coird night.' Of two evils choose the 3 fastis a maxim universally adopted, eo tiie widow agreed to try the shooting business though she admitted than she had never handled a pistol in her lite. The difficulty of shooting through a glass window was obviated by Morey assuring her that the spirit this time would probably appear in the widow's own room. This was Job's comfort to the chief actor in the scene, who would rather have broken 20 windows tban had the spirit so near, but Morey assured her that ghosts were just like bodies — they had a way of their own and stuck to that as obstinately as bad husbands. It was also imperative that no human being but themselves should know anything of the intended potting, lea* Bomefching terrible on the part of the sympathising troop of ghosts should follow. Accordingly she widow when night came prepared to face tha spirit alone, without as mach as telling her servant to be ready for a, pistol shot as midnight ; and sure enough, when the clocks were striking twelve, there wae a creaking of doors and the grey shadow appeared before her in her own bed room. Mrs. Davidson did not wait for a»y de monetratioa,butut6eredascreamana fired point blank ftt the part of tne ghost where a heart is supposed to be. No sudden disappearance took place; the spirit advanced threateningly and laughed— a regular marrow freezer ot a laugh, such as used to be introduced into tales of horror a hundred years ago, bu* w now con sidered old-fashioned. Of course Mrs. David eon buried her face in the pillows, realising that this spirit wae to be a very tough customer to kili, and when she looked up again the ghost was gone and in its place her servant asking in terror what was wrong. ' I thought there was a robber iu the house,' was the widow's incoherent explanation and on examination of the opposite wall it was found that the magic bullet had left no mark, thus clearly proving that the ghost bad carried off the bullet in its own ungrateful body— no, not bodj, but — but inside— that's the only word that puita. Mrs. Davidson was now getting tired oE the ghost. One may have too much of a good thing and too many warnings are like along eennoa, jnore wearisome than-edifying. ' V . ' ?'?{ '??.-. ? , ? , ? ?-. ?? .' 7i' . ? ? ' . ' - .? ?? '? ..'':? ? ?',????;?;.?,' I*;:'.-!;.: ;} ?/: .v'v j; ;; ???.?':.?, .;?;.?/.,/.??;''/-; When Morey therefore came next day and decided that nothing but another encantation bullet made of five sovereigns, weighted down with a gold watch which had ones been the property of the ghost, could effectually chase him away, she coldly intimated that if this charm failed she would not advance another coin though the spirit should wear his feet off. Morey, however, held out. great hopes of success and went off to make the mapio bulleti, while the widow, as I have 8hiwn, chanced to meet her affianced and revealed all that had happened. By that time Mr. Davidson half Buspeoted Morey to be a trickBter, intent only' ca getting ' gold articles,' but she still had a wholesome dread of the apparition which she feared was not to be got rid of so easily. MeAndrew could not very well say much unless it had been to call her a fool, and that is a word which a pan does not usually apply to his beloved until he is married to her. * He therefore told her that the cause of her failure was nervousness and a defective aim in firing the magic bullet. ' You need a man's firm hand for that job,' he gravely added, 'and if yoa don't object I'll watch with you to-night aud do the firing. I was a volnnteer for five years and used to take some of the best prizes at the competitions in Hunter's Bog.' It was in vain that Mrs. Davidson pointed out that no other human being ought to he present and that he above all others was most likely to be offensive to the ghost — women were made to be wheedled, and before MeAadrew had had his arm about her for ten minutes and given her a dozen kisses she was aa plastio as clay and quite eager for the shoot ing to be done by his firm hand. I suspect sbe was also thankful to have someone to keep her company during the expected visitation — more especially a man. Women are made to lean, and the more they lean the more they are loved and supported. Besides, the widow had been done out of nearly a fortnight's leaning and was beginning to feel hungry, so to speak. Ghosts are all very well, buo when it is a ease of courtship they ought to keep to their own quarters. As soon as MeAndrew had made bis arrangements for joinine the widow at her house at night he came straight up to the Central and put the facts ^before me. It was clear that we had now a case against Morella Herne, but I was anxious also to catch the (spirit whom she had feonjured up to frighten the widow, bo I agreed to delay arresting her till we had interviewed the ghost of the ooal dealer. After leaving me MeAndrew went to a shop below Niddry-street and bought some small shot, which he took with him that night to Comely Bank. When the pistol containing the enchanted bullet was placed ready, capped and loaded, in his hands by the widow he added the small shot to the charge, pounding in enough to fill the pistol Dearly to the muzzle, remarking very eagrely that it would do a real ghost not a bit of harm. Xinng before twelve o'clock I saw the lights go put and I could not help contrasting the eruel difference in the positions of MeAndrew and myself — he inside in a warm room with his be loved widow leaning on his breast and I out in the cold watrebing for the tardy ghost of a coal dealer, with no plump angel to ch^er and com fort me. At length the clock struck twelve and the ghost appeared, clad in a long over coat and battered felt hat and done up with a profusion of grey gauze after the style of the ghost of Hamlet's father on the stage. After entering by the green door this gauzy ghost went boldly to the kitchen window, raised the sash, and disappeared into the house, when I instantly crossed the green from my hiding-place in the washhouse and stood ready at the window- to catch the ghost at the first dart for liberty. I was in ignorance of the email shot, however, which proved far more e£fcctive tban the magic bullets, for when MeAndrew fired there was an unearthly yell from the ghost, whioh flopped down calling out that it had been murdered. The horrible uproar caused me to jump in by the open window and make for the bedroom, where I found the lights up and the widow and McAndrew bending over Morey herself, who was squirming about with eeveral ounces of small shot in her legs. I had to get a cab to take her away, and ehe lay for two weeks with a eurgeon practising shot-picking every day on her frame, and was then sent to prison for nine months to reflect on the folly o? playing the ghost without a coat of mftiL MeAndrew did nofe recover the gold articles, but he got a wife who though soft-hearted has turned out to ba worth her weight in gold to him. * ? 