?? THE -TWO COUSIKS. THECEIKE OF*JITBAS. A tempestuous April night—a wild s&d; dangerous night aowu there on the Clare coast, n howling v?-in<l raged, sheets of xs.ia swept orer tbo ecs. And £ho ligijtaiag leaped out in fiery .flashes. A. Cerrifolo night, v/hen not even s, lioussless dog was abroad in tho do- Ecrted streets o£ the town. "Snrcit'ahea.veii*3fii)goronhi!nthaS; \ ET.'oro iiie life away this day," muttered 1 QCsro thiin one svro-struck peasaut, i cowering before the blue Jean of tho ! lightning, tho deafening crasfi of the J launder. ' He's as iaaocentasababo 1 unborn—lord Tcsry wouldn't hurt a fly ; as.' sure I've known him ever since ho was a ivee, laughin' gossoon, no higher taaa that. And now Shey'Eay they'll haug him. Oh, wirrs, wins! Sweet bad luck this night and for ever more to the par jured divil, inttrell, the 'Sorney, I pray.' Ho sat alone—ho upon whose head hundreds of curecs, heavy and hot, had fallen upon him that day. He sat alone in the dreary little parlour of liis house, listening to the tremendous uproar of wind and air and sea. His one serrant had long" ago gone to xest. The ? clock upon the mantelpiece pointed to half- past twelve. Tho stormy April night was cold, nnd the room was chill. Perhaps that y/as why teeth chattered iv his head, 3nd his face looked ghasilv, I blue, .and pinched in the light of one i tallow candle. Tho fire had smouldered itself out to black ashes, aud tho dull, unsuuftcd candlo guttered and flared in innumerable draughts. He wit in a leathern arm-chair bn sidothe tabic, his elbows resting on his knees, Siis red-stubbled chin between j hie horny palms, hia sunken, blood phot eyes glaring with awful vacancy into tho blackening embers. A bottle o£ brandy aad a tumbler stood at his elbow. He liad becu drinking heavily, but there was that within him that rendered tho fiery liquid impotent as water. He then crouched there in that position for hours, his only movement when he filled his class with brandy and drained it, or lifted his hollow, hsgg.ird eyc3 tothe clock. Ho cowered there, listening to the storm beating liJie a human thing in rago and pain j at the closed windows and doors. i ' la there a God ?' Luttrcll thought, a cold den- standing on his pallid face, 'and is it Itis angr\\- voice I hear in tho storm to-night ? Is there a hell, and is there a pit in all its horrors deep enough, for mo ?' A paper lay at his feet; he picked it up, and gjauced with a strange fascination at one particular heading -.— * Conclusion of the Trial of Lord Terenco Tyrone for tlie Murder of AilcenO'J£oarke—Tho Evidence—The Verdict—The Sentence." j Tho letters swam In a blood-red ' mlab before his hot eyes. Here and j thero no missed a word, a line, a whole paragraph. The paper contained but brief summary oftiie trial. His eves vrcnii mechanically over the familiar lines. 'Perhaps,' said the newspaper, ' vritJiin the memory of man our town ass never been so convulsed with zistonishmcnt and horror as it has been, by the late inunlcr ami subse quent arrest. The declassed, Aileeu O'ltourfce, was so well-known, so tiniversaHy beloved, so fair, so young, so fuil o£ promise, that her sad, untimely end has sent a. thrill o£ grief and dismay to the coldest heart. The cacao may be said of tlie prisoner. High born, belored by all who knew him—tho gentlest of faiunau creatures —it seemed at Srst absolutely im- po2sii)lo to conuect his name with murder. And yet lie has been found guilty.' 'Ho entered the crowded court room to-day with his dauntless, taug&ty; aianner. lie has grown ex tremely pale and thia; but his eagle eye glanced over the crowd with all tfco pride and Jire of his proud fiery rsco. ' Not guilty!' he responded, in a. voice taa ,- mug clear and high, and from tho time ho took his seat within tne. deck 1111111 tho time he was led away, liis faeo raovec betrayed one traco of any emotion whatever. Svea when tuo verdict was returned not a muscle moved ; even, ho stood up and listened to the solemn sentence of death, the marble-like rigidity of his face never altered. He bowed to the judge at its conclusion with tho calm, courtly grace of a prince—tho only un moved person in the whole assembly. Only once did he betray any emotion —when the fjady Elvira do Lerma fell fainting from lier seat —and even then it was momentary. As lie was Doing led back to prison, he turned to liis friend, Sir "\\\TiJliam. C\spel, and leld out his hand. ' Can you t3ke it? , he said, with a azailc- 'ft 13 the liand of a convicted felon. The Tyrones liavo gone to death with ' ex lu.sl except honor' on their lips. With jne, all is lost, even honour. ifarcwell, William! Don't come to see mc; only remem ber—some day you will kuonr I tras innocent !* ' The evidence was purely circum stantial, but rery cruahiag, especially that of James Luttrell. We give ;i brief synopsis. 'Testimony of James JLuttrell: — ' I am an 'Englishman by birth, an attorney by profession, and a resident by choice oi this town for the past five years. I knevr tne&eeeased; well: sho was my Betrothed wife. We were to navo been married in a month, with the consent and approval' of her lather. I loved her very dearly; but I hav-o every reason' to believe that she did not love mc. tori Terence Tyrone \ras lons her lovar—a fact well known—aud I have it from her own lips that he more than once licr marriage. But frojn liis first meeting with the lody Elvira do Xcrma to neglected Aileen. I pressed my euit —she rejected it, snd faded away to a shadow. Then came tho news of the engagement of Lord Terence and the liasiy Elvira. ' It was I who told her, and she fell bs.ckri-r.rds —not fainting, but very near it—in her seat. Then she started wildly up. *Ho will not —ho daro not !* she cried. ' Ho could not be bo base a villain ! I am to be hie vvife —he liaG sworn it—and I—oh, rffeaS will become of mc if ho fails to keep his word ? I pacified her as well as i could ; but ehc broko from mo, ! .and ran away in a hysterical state to t her room. ' 1 did. not see her again for some days. She shunned mo persistently. One evening, s. little beforo dusk, strolling among the hills, X came near a spot called tho Holy "Well. There I espied the prisonor and tho deceased conversing very earnestly. She seemed to iTo weeping—to be pleading passionately ; he soothing and reason- j ing with her. J heard nothing they said. I was angry and jealous, and quitted the place. About an hour after, as I stood alone near tho cottage of O'Rourke, Aileen came rapidly along. Hor face was pale, her eyes red —aho seemed to have been weeping. I called her, and she stopped. I asked what Lord Terence ! had to say to her, and she answered mo I should never know. I told her I loved her, and that I would endure this suspense no longer; she must either say yea or no, now and forever. She Eaid" 3*es without an instaut's hesitation. Her own words were : ' I will marry you whenever you like.' Then she left tae and entered the cottage. I did jiot follow her tliat night. I came over nest day, and all was arranged, we were to be married in a month. She consented to every- j thing I proposed, but she said little, j she looked very gloomy indeed. * Business kept mo so occupied during tho next two days that 1 found Ino leisure to -visit her. * Early on the morning of the third day I started for tho cottage, my way leading past the boundary stream. It is a solitary spot, so that I was rather surprised when. J heard voices on the opposite j bank. I looked across, and saw among I the aldors the figure of a man and a j woman. I recognized tho voice of Aileen, raised high and shrill a£ times I —-again broken and low. The words j I could not catch. The man's face ! vns hidden, but I folt positive it was Lord Terence. 1 could not cross tho stream conveniently to confront them ; besides, I know what a licry, reckless teuijier Lord Terence's was at times. 1 passed on rtiy way very ill pleased, determined to await Aileeu at the cotta<re, and demand au explanation. 1 found OUiourfec in, and alone ; lie did not know where his daughter was —said she had been gone over an hour. J waited, but she never returned. As noon drew near I started up, determined to go in search o£ her. On my way I met (VFlanagan, tho constable, and asked him to accompany mc. I had a presentiment of some evil, I think. We went to the spot where I had seen I them together, but they were not there. Just then we heard a. sort of cry or groan farther down ; we dashed through the trees, and the first sight we saw was the prisoner bending over tho body of the deceased. She was quite dead. Ho looked confounded— stunned ; I cannot describe his look. I tared him with the murder at once, and his answer was to knock mc down O'Planagau asked him to go to the cottage and apprise the father, whiLst we bore the body hotne.' * O'Fianagaii was called, and cor roborated the testimony of the hist witness. ' Being questioned as to why he had not told this at tho inquest, "jjuttrell said he could not swear positively that the man he saw talking to her was I*>rd Terence Tyrone, he was only morally certain, until the discovery of his note appointing the meeting placed the matter beyond doubt. * Testimony of 3licbaol O'Kourke:— * Deceased was my daughter. Lord Terence Tyrone and she had been playmates froia earliest childhood— lovers, I believe, in later year 3. I knov.' my daughter loved him, and 1 know that until the arrival of Lady Elvira he spent nearly half his time at my place. Then ho left oft coming; and very soon wo heard he was engaged to be married to the Spanish lady. 3ly daughter took the news very much to heart; she would not '? listen to the proposals of 3lrl,uttreli, who wished to make her his wife. On the day or her death she left the house about nine o'clock in tho morn ing, saying she waa going for a v/alfc. L never saw her again until I saw her carried in dead. Jjuttrell came about half-past tcii or eloveu, aiid asked for her, waited awhile and ther; left, saying lie would go in search of her. Lord Terence came about two o'clock, looking very pale aud excited, and told mc he had found Ailccii drowned —her body floating 0:1 the boundary stream. Luttrell and O'Pianagau carried her home. Three weeks after the inquest, rummaging among her things, 1 found a note hidden away in her room, in the writing of the prisoner, appointing a meeting at the boundary stream at ton o'clock. I can swear to the prisoner's handwriting— it was I who taught him to write. T am firmly convinced it was to that appointment sho went, and met her death. She was incapable of com mitting auicicle.* ' Testimony of Dennis Tyrone :— i ' 3ly Cousin Terence aud I parted early on the morning of the ISth of I November. He said he was going j fishing, and I was occupied nearly all I day with my uncle, the Ear! of Lis more, looking over accounts in his study. The prisoner quitted the castle about half-past nine. It would take him full half-an-hour to reach the boundary stream. I saw him next lato in tlie afternoon; ho came home look ing pale and wild, and told us ho had discovered tho dead body of Aileeii O'Kourko iti the boundary stream, whither ho had gone to fish. Ho seemed very sgitsted, very excited, but I thought that natural; he and Aileea h:;d beea old friends—lovers, perhaps, in a boy and girl way, iv the pnst. The deceased loved him very passionately I know. I also knew sh? was intensely jealous, and once in my hearing threatened to go up to tho castle and compel tho Xady Blvira to resign all right to her lover. *Ho was mine before ho was hers," wcro her words; 'he ithall never mr.rry her. I could break off the match to -morrow if I liked.' I thought tho words but tho empty threats of excitement at tho time, aud paid no attention to them. I do remember, half-laughingly, putting Terry on his guard, and ho looked more seriously uneasy than I j had thought it possible for him to look on such a matter. Elvira was very proud, a whisper of infidelity and she would liavc broken with him at once. The witness knew his cousin's handwriting. Yes, this note was his, he could swear to it." 'As Blr Dennis Tyrone descended from tho witness stand,' says the paper, ' the prisoner looked at him with a long, steady, reproachful gaze.' ' And tliou, Brutus, , he said; but Mr Tyrone seemed very much sifieeted, and shrank from that fised look. * He had given his evidence with the utmost reluctance throughout.* ' Tho jury were gone some hours.' The verdict was ' Guilty.* ' When asked if he liad any reason to show why sentence of death should not be pronouueed upon him," the prisoner answered, very pale, but very I calm— ' Only this, my lord, that I am in nocent, and shall die condsntucd on circumstantial evidence, as many an innocent man has done before inc. 'A hat note is an arrant forgery, i never saw Aileen O*Rourisc on that day, nor expected to sec her. until I beheld her iioatiug in the stream. I accuse iiuttrcll, tho attorney, of gross perjury; ho never heard or saw mo talking to her on that day. She had been foully murdered, and may the ] heaven above confound her murderers, and avenge her cruel death. For mo, I loved Aileeu as a sister—l would have died sooner than harm a hair of her head.' " The judge arose, and solemnly pro nounced tho sentence oE death. On the 3rd of May tho prisoner will bo hauged in front of Lisinore gaol. The deepest sympathy is felt everywhere for his noblo father and tho lovely lailv so soou to have been his bride. Tho prisoner was universally beloved; strong men wept like children when he ?vac borne away. The murder, the trial, and tho impending doom have thrown a deep gloom over the whole community.* The paper dropped from the reader's hand. He bowed his fneo in his palms with a hosier. , .' groan. ' Will I ever forget his face ?' he said, huskily. ' The look iv his eyed, as he turned them upon mc last, will haunt mo to my dying tlay. And she, that last upward look, as she fell back ward into the river, Oh, heaven, it will drive iae mad !' The clock struck one. Before its one faint chime died away thero came a low, cautious !;m>ck at the house door. Luttreil started to his feet. I ' "Tis he V he muttered. * E had forgotten him. Ah ' among all the demons in Hades is there another half so deeply cursed as he ? —this second Iscariot, betraying with a kiss ?' j The knock was repeated. Tho Englishman arose, the caudle in his shaking hand, and walked to the door. As he unlocked and threw it open, a man, muffled in a great cloak and slouched hat, came in, dripping like a water dog. 'At hist, my man' I give my word I thought you had fallen asleep. A sound digestion auit eaa3* conscience always ensure speedy slumber. Beastly night it 19 ; but ill the better for mc. Come in out of this drafty passage, and let's sit comfortably down. . lie jerked t\ie flaring dip out o£ the hand of tho pallid attorney, and ted the way, with long strides, into the cheerless room. He unbuttoned ami fiuug back his great coat, threw his slouched hat aside, and stood revealed in the dull glow—Desmis Tyrone. ' Your reception-room looks like yourself, dear friend, dull as the devil. Still it's better than the coudemued cell in Ijismore gaol, with tho gallows and the hangman in prospective. Ah, my beauteous, brilliant JLord Terry, how is it with you, now ?' Mc lay hack in his chair, his legs, cased in waterproof top-boots, out stretched, his sallow faeo flushed, his light blue eyes gleaming with tho cold light of sapphire stones. j ' Sit thee down, my James, and never look so pale. Xou'd do for t!ie ghost in Hamlet, without any pearl powder, only you're too hang-dog looking for any honest ghost. Sit down, and don't look so like the first murderer in .1 tragedy, if you can help it.' ' I can't help it, , Luttrell cried, with a bitter groau. * I feel as though I were going mad. Listen to that storm, Dennis Tyrone. Look at tho lightning, is it not the wrath of heaven on us for the double murder done ?' ' My good fellow, speak for yourself. I've done no murder—never mean to, if I can help it. A clever villain — and I pride myself upon heing at the top of the profession—never breaks laws. >Tow, 1 don't but say that you are an artful scoundrel in tlie main ; but there is so much of the bloodhound and bull-dog in you by nature that it will break out in spite of you. When you pitched your little Aileeu, neck aud crop, into the ' ' For heaven's sake," Lufctrcll cried, in a voice of agony, starting to his feet; * walls have ears. Ilush, hush. , ' It was a weakness on. your part I should never have judged you capable of. I'm compounding with a felony in concealing it, I don't deny; but, then, it's an ill wind that blows no body good. I've Eavcd yeur bull-dog neck from the gallows, my worthy Mr liattrell, and. fixed tho crirno on another man. Xcv oaght to be im measurably grateful to mc, instead of glowering to mc over the candle, like Kaust at Blepliistopbeles.' He lit his cigar as ho spoke, and sent a puff of smoke across into tho face of hio companion. That trodden worm looked gloomily at him. ' You aro a dcopor dyed villain than I am, Dennis Tyrone," he said, ' nud an deep a dyed murderer as I am, for you have made mo swear ."in innocent man's life away. How will you nnsivor to Grod aad man for this day's work ?* ' The question of tho Covenanter's ividow,' Dennis Tyrono responded, airily. ' Well, I say, as Claverhousc said, ' 1 can answer it to man well enough, and I will take the Deity iv my own hands.' Ah, I always admired Claverhouso. But you iv tho character of a censor, my cut-throat friend, who'd have thought it? As to ray friend, my benefactor, my kinsman, etc., X hato him simply because ho is all these. Why was Jl not born to tho purple instead of he ? I'm tho cleverest man of the two. And ho is all that stands between mc and tho coronet of -Lisinoro. Is that not enough? When 1 was a. wretched little hanger on —a fatherless and motherless well born paupeir—he was riding about the couutry lileo a. prince, adored by high aud low even then, whilo I held his stirrup-leather, and pickod out of the rand the guineas ho threw mc. Is that not enough ? And, to-day, I love the woman he loves, and she (louts mc, by Jove, almost as dead and gone Ailccn flouted you. Is that not enough ? He was rich, and liatidsomo, and beloved, and my benefactor. I TTsa poor and plain, and beloved by nobody, and tho hanger-ou of my lord and the king's bounty. Was that not enough ? But I won't do as you havo done, ray foolish Luttrell, drown tho woman I worship. I mean to do belter—make her marry mc. And I shall have her, and her fortune, and the coronet of Lismore, when liond Terry's bones are bleached, and all that bright beauty she lores so dearly is— dust and ashes.' The words hissed out of his lips in tho cloud of smoke. He had never took tho cigar from betw??m his lips, mid his blue-steel oyes gleamed, with a. [ lire bad to see. ' You arc the devil incarnate," Luttrell said, ' and you hare made a devil of mc. Give what you cause here to give mc, and let us part.' 'So, 1 make a devil o£ you, do I?' Deuuis Tyrouo laughed, good hunioiircdly. ' You v,-ero but one resuove from au angel before. I'oor little Ailccu. I didn't tell you to drown her, did I? —a very foolish—' j I -Luttrell leaped from his chair, and made a clutch at his tormentor's throat. 'By heavens, I'll strangle you where you sit. Take care, Dennis Tyrone; it's not safe, I warn you— it's not sate.* 'So I see, you overgrown bully. . He thrust his hand within 1113 breast pucket and pulled out a pisto!. 'Uah, you fool, go back to your seat, and cease ranting, How soon do yon propose to quit Ireland ?* ' Within the week,* sullenly. ' That is well, and don't remain in England—She air of Great Britain is unwholesome for such as you. Cut ito the colonics —JSeiv Zealand, the I Cape, Ifatal, auwhere, anywhere, out of the. v.-orld. Or, stay, suppose you try Yankee land.—suppose you try* for IVew Orleans." * Give mo tho money,' Ijuttrell satd, with a wolfiish glare. 'I'll go aay where. , 'Go to 2fcw Orleans. Pine city— lota of rascality—splendid openings for a man o£ your genius. Or Cali fonia wouldn't bo a bal idea—it'u a sort of rcfiijiuM peccaforiisni now-a days. Try the 3N~ow world, my dea. , fellow, and here's two hundred pounds to start you iit life.' ' Two hundred pounds—you said two thosisaud.' 'Did I really? AVell, T could as easily give you te:i midnight moons. Don't be ungrateful, my James. I've saved your precious neck from Jack Ketch—that's worth tho balaucc. Take the two hundred and my blessing —it's all you'll ever get.' He arose as he spoke, threw away his smoked out cigar, and buttoned himself up in his overcoat once more. * Wild weather to face at two in the morning. Xo matter, virtue is its own reward, farewell, my friend, a pleasant passage to America.* 'And this is all you mean to give mo?' * All, every stiver, my friend, and a very pretty sum it is. Ifauy a millionaire has commenced on an eighth of the money. JTot a word more, you black-a-vised murderer. 1 won't havo it. Show mc to the door, and tako your rillamous faco out of the I country withiu the next three daye, or I'll bo down on you with tho same mercy you showed Aileen O'Kourke. That will do —a word to the wise— you understand ? Good-night.* He disappeared in tho stormy dark ness. The man £.uttrell closed and locked the door behind him, and stood in the passage, shaking his list itn poteutly, his murderous eyes gleaming like live coals. ' And this is the way you keep your w>rd, 3lr Dennis Tyrone!' he said. ' You've used your tool, and now you fling it into the ditch to rot! It's your time now—every dog has his day ! —but mine will snrely come. And when it does, look out!" "When you're at the height of your power and prosperity, I'll have my vengeance, and drag yon down, though I periah with you. I'll pay you off, sooner or later, with compound interest, you traitor—you Judas, who sold yonr friend!' {To be continued..} 