GHOST OP THE GTJKST CHAMBER. A11 day long the bell had been ringing1, and the wedding guests kept coming until at last all had arrived. There were eoasins from everywhere, it seemed to the children, and such a wedding as it was going to be! Bess was to be the bride, and Bess was the queen of the family just now. Sbe was always lovely ; to-night she was beautiful; the bridal veil, a gift from grandma, and the same she wore at her own wedding, failed to hide the fair young face from a host of admir ing eyes. Even Cousin Walter, sup posed to "be broken-hearted by this marriage, was startled out of his melancholy at the sight. Bess in white satin and orange blossoms was very different from Bess in white muslin and blue ribbons- "Why, she was indeed a very queen, and he half expected to see the ladies in waiting and the royal guardsmen surround her. After the ceremony, congratulations and supper, a game of hide-and-seek was proposed. Away flew Bess, with a crowd of merryseekers after her, through the corridor and up the stairs, until she reached the great wardrobe that stood in front of the old guest chamber, which had not been opened for many years. She ran in behind it and tried the door of the chamber, found it unlocked and entered, still holding the nob in her band. With flushed face and bated breath she listened to the merry voices outside] Then, imagining she was discovered as the laces came nearer, she let go of the knob and pushed the door to, only to and, to her horror, that she could not open it again. Gradually the sound of voices died away, as the seekers all ran off, crying, * She's in the oak closet! Let's go there and look F And down stairs they went, making such a noise with their shouting and laughing that they could not hear her repeated calls. ' Oh ! the horror of ifc !' she cried, wringing her hands. 4 Self-imprisoned ! will they never come back ? How shall I ever get out ?' What in this room, which she had never entered in her life before ? She began to tremble, with feas, it was so dark and mysterious. Why, oh why did she come there at all ? Not a ray of light penetrated the awful darkness around her; the silence became so intense that her very heart throbs seemed to fill the dreadful space. Were there such things as spirits? She wondered; if so, there might be one in this room. What was that ? Something touched her hand, she was sure, something that was cold and clammy,' like icy fingers. Oh, Heaven, it was clutching at her skirts! She crouched low down on the floor in a perfect frenzy of terror, then gave a piercing shriek and fell senseless. j The guest chamber in grandfather's ! house was always looked upon as some thing to be dreaded. There were stories told of a ghost who was seen to walk back and forth in front of the door, with a rusty key in his hand. Late at night members of the family ! had seen it, or thought they had, and each of the servants and been chased by it; not one of them could be induced to go into the north wing after night fall. Of course Bess knew ali this j she had heard the story of the ghost many times in her childhood, and had often gone to bed with her face hidden in JNora's aprou, lest she should meet the awful spectre. And now that she found herself alone in this very room, ali the terror of her childhood returned with redoubled force. Her shriek when she fainted had done its work; it had been heard down stairs. While the hunt continued I laughiug and shouting went on; when i she could not be found everybody be came sober; each face took on an anxious expression, and they began to ask each other in whispers— 'Where can she be? What has happened to her V' They were still looking when the terrified cry reached their ears. Walter ran off, shouting, ' She must be in the guest chamber,' leaving the groom, Albert, who bounded after him, a few steps behiud. They had scarcely reached the door before everybody was at their heels. Bursting it open, they found the poor little bride stretched on the floor, unconscious, with Tabby, the cat and household pet, who had followed her unnoticed, lickiug her face and hands. So the ghost was only a cat after all, and it was her cool, soft little paw that Bess mistook for the eold, clammy band. -Exchange. 