ITEMS OF GENERAL INTEREST. Sickness anp Sci'ehstition in Cantos.— There are practically no facilities for taking care of the tick iu Canton, aDd Chinese medi cine is worse than no medicine. The mis sionary hospital will do much. It is one of the best hospitals in t^p En<*t, and it does a great deal oi good. The chief Chinese chari table institutions of Oar.tcn arc a blind asyhim, from which blind bci£i,..r; go uut day after day over the city : a fuuuuliug asylum, supported out of the salt tax ; ami a ieper asylum. This last is in a banyan grove two miles from the gate of the city. It contains about 500 inmates, and more horrible crentnrr* do not exist on the face of the earth. There are more lepers in Canton than can bu accommodated in the asylum, and there are !ep«i boats filled with these people, who _scull or row their boats among the other craft on the river begging. There are no more superstitious people than the Chinese, and .such an occasion as this brings out all of the witches ami iuothsavers. I hear that the strveis vi C:tunm arc now filled with priests exorcising the devils of the plague, and that people co throutrh the city in bands beat ing gongs and drums t.o drive the demons away. At the head of one baud was a boy who had on a hideous dragon mask, and the dragon boats which am hep* f v ' !k annual dragon boat festival have been br.iusht out. All BortB of praying goes on before the different josses and the ancestral tablets.-and every one con nected with the bunai <>r i,ne dead is maning money. A largo claps i>f merchants sell nothiDg but silver and gold pnper, which is bought by the families of the dead, and is burned by them over their graves, with the idea that this will supply them with funds for their travel in the next world. Paper and vvooden cows and horses are manufactured tu be biirned in the same way, and the uciwleio in white goods will be getting rich, While is (he color of mourn ing in China, and the family when they repair to the cemetery wear elnth<"» of white tied on with coarse rope. Th-y leave food at the grave, and generally send an extra suit of paper clothes along to krep the corpse warm when .it.becomes a ghost. The Light of Future Days.—The fascinating experiments of Tesla, by whi«h light is produced without any of the usual electrical lamps, bid fair t-j become familiar before long, and ever, to supplant all present systems of lichtincr. So s'»ys Tesla himself ; so says D. M'Farlan Moorp, and so say other electricians, reserving only the question of the time likely to elapse before the introduction of the new methods. They agree that cost is nil thnt pf.inds in the way now, and s^mo of them believe that the removal of this difficulty is near at hand. Tesla cays, ' It may be some years. Perhaps a uenius may hit upon the true method to- morrow.' 't his 'true method' does not refer to the production of the light, but to the method of nit-king it cheap, by saving the enormous waste which lies between the stored force of coal and rhe force exhibited in an arc or incandescent lamp. This waste is nine-tenths ormore of the energy possessed by the coal. As for the coming light, it is said to be a succession of sparks, discharged at short intervals, in a vacuum. The result is a glow, more or less brilliant according to the rapidity with which the sparks are dis charged. It is laid down ulmc3t as an axiom that this phosphorescent or glow lighting is the coming illuminant, and that millions await the man who first rpducps it to a mar ketable commodity. When such a system of lighting is in use, light "ill be not merely a means of seeing at night, but the great source cf beauty in streets and homes. Light will not fall in glaring streams from fixed points ; a ceiling, or a row of capitals of pillars, will stream with mellow radiance ; there will be no more black shadows, but an illumination like that of the earth just after the sun sets, before twiiight comes on. The mechanism of illumination will disappear, and only the triumphant result remain. An Indh>- Legend Regarding Death "Valley.—The Indian legend regarding the origin of Death Valley, in Mayo Co., Cali fornia, is an interesting one. From the outer edge of this vast furnace—it is 300 miles square and 100 feet below sea level—one may see far off, tremulous through the shimmering waves of heat, a sort of butte that has the form of a ruined csstk-. The story goes that in the old days, before the Amargosa river ceased to water the valleys, the place was the site of a powerful city ruled by a princess as beautiful as Cleopatra, and as imperious as Elizabeth. An ambassador to the reigning Aztec monarch described to her on his return the glories of the king's palace in the city of Mexico. Resolving to equal the magnificence of her neighbor, she began the erection of a vast building. All th<» labourers and artisans of the city wore employed, and the work was pushed night and day, for within 12 months the Aztec ruler was to be her guest, and phe wished to welcome him to a palace as splendid as his own. She exhausted the resources of her realm, men went mad with tcil and hunger, and at last the high priest protested. He was ordered to execution, and, dying, cursed the city for the princess' sake. That night the earth shook and sank, the river dried up, and the morning sun poured down a flood of heat. All perished ; and now the ruined walls of the palace alone remain. The Amagosa, by the way, is a most erratic stream. It flows south 90 miles from its fountain-head in the wpstern Sierras, van ishes at "Resting Spring mountain, is in evidence again for 50 -miles, disappears for a space, then bobs up and runs along turbu lently for 100 miles. All trace of it is lost at Death "Valley. Lord Mansfield and tub Octogenarian Witnesses.—A witness SO years, old having given his evidence with remarkable clearness Lord Mansfield examined him as to his habitual mode of living, and found that he had through out life been an early riser and a singularly temperate man. "Ay," observed the Chief Justice, in a tone of approval, "I have always found that without temperance and early habits longevity is never attained.'' The next witness, the elder brother of this model of temperance, was then called, and he almost surpassed his brother as an intelligent and clear-headed utterer of evidence. 'I suppose,' observed Lord Mansfield, 'that you also are' an early riser?' 'No mv Lord, ' answered the veteran stoutly, 'I like my bed at all hours, and and 6pecial-li« Hike it of a morning.' 'Ah, but like your brother you are a very temperate man ?'quickly aBked the Judge, looking out anxiously for the safety of the more important part of his theory. ' My Lord,' responded this ancient elm, disdaining to plead guilty to a charge of habitual sobriety ' I ain a very old man, and my memory is as clear as a bell, but I can't remember the nieht when I have gone to bed without having been more or less drunk"' Lord Mansfield was iilcnt. 'Ah, my Lord, ' the leading counsel exclaimed, ' this old man's case supports a theory upheld by many per sons, that habitual intemperance is favourable to longevity.' 'Xo. r.o.' replied the Chief Justice with a smile, ' this old man and his brother merely teach us what every carpeijjer knows— that elm, whether it be wet or dry, is a very tough wood. ' The Coot no Race.—Professor Yung, of the Geneva University, believes that the time is comii'g when human beings will have no legs to speak of. What with cycling, the great end of civilisation now seems to be to enable us to move about without using feet and legs. It is fast getting on to electrical hackney coaches and rubber balloons. The tendency is to throw ali the muscular activity into the hands and arms. Professor Tung believes that the future human creature will have the merest survivals of nelher limbs, and arms of great'length. Teeth will pro bably be dwarfed also by the constant use of soft foods that, need not be chewed, but as the march of imelicct will increase in pace the brain will develop. Of course the standards of beauty with these anatomical changes will alter. When they do, a person with a set of tcelh such ;.s> would now excite the admiration of a dentist would almost seema beast; of prey. Australia for Y.ounu Men,—In the Young Man a writer in Sydney c.~.;..r.;uijicate8 the gist of a conversation which he had with Sir Henry Parks upon the-prospectr of young Englishmen in Australia. "A young man coming to Aus tralia," says Sir Henry, "" must forget that ho has ancestors, and be prepared to take his chance with the working man. If he is fortunate enough to have a little money, £500 or £1,000, he should put it in a safe bunk while he buys bis experience. Money will be of 110 use to him until he knows the colunies. He has every thing to learn, for life here is quite different from life in England. He must begin at the beginning, and look out for opportunities; then, if he is healthy, sober, and industri ous, he is sure to get on. Opportunities for making money lie under the feet of a young man in a new country like this, if he has eyes and wit to take advantage of what he sees. One man will work for years at a thing and fail; another will follow him mid succeed, because the sccc-iiil iuub will i.otice things that the first ir.au did not see. It a!i depends on the man himself. The qu^'Hoo required in a man out here to ensure success ure the same as in the old country—common sense, perseverance, and health ; wi<\ « iUt'.r. education a young man stands a good chance of being success r.s! is Avi'.r.-':.--; ' r •••' p-' ".ride .birth and position, and enter the lists with the work ing man." 