THE GHOST OF AMY RDBSART. A curious and protracted trial, in which Sir Walter Scott and the ghost of Amy | Bobsart, the Hi-fated wife ot the Earl of 1 Leicester, were involved, has come to an I end. ? The aetion was brought by Mr Scott- ; Hall against the Earl ot Abingdon to obtain | the rescission of a contract for the sale ot a 1 house and land near Oxford, known as ; Cnmnor Plaoe, on the ground that the plaintiff has been induoed to purchase the property by misrepresentations on the part ot the defendant's agents as to the historical and sentimental associations of the premises. The alleged misrepresentations were denied, and the' defendant oounterclalmed for ?pcifio performance ot the contraot. The learned Jndge decided in tavor of the Earl of Abington on all the isines whioh were raised before him. Mr Soott-Hall com plained that he had been misled by the statements in the preliminary advertise ments of the sale, and in certain posters giving notice of the sale, and to some ex tent by verbal statements made at tbe auction, describing Cnmnor Plaoe as u deriving its name from the very his torical Abbey, onoe standing in Ctuauor Park, ol which the property forms a por tion, and once owned by Antony Forster, and referred to in Sit Walter Beott's novel ' Kenllworth* aa the place where Amy Bobsart died.' The old Oamnor Place had been a retreat of the monks of Abingdon, and the honse which the plaintiff bought was a modern one, standing at some distance fromthesiteef thennolentbnililngsand their rains. The plaintiff suggested tbat he thought the old Douglas Chamber, where Amy Bobsart was murdered, and which was traditionally supposed to bs haunted by her ghost, was inelnaed in his purchase, and his alleged grievence consisted ln his not having obtained the fee-almple ot that unfortunate lady's shade. It appeared that the local tradition assigned a neighbouring pond as the favorite haunt of the ghost, and the pond was supposed never to have been froEen in oonsc- qnenceof the ghost's presence on or under its waters. It Is right to say that the auctioneer denied that be had ever statod that tbe honse was the actual one in which Amy Bobsart died. Mr Justice North, in giving jadgment, eame to the conoluslon that no misrepresentation was, in fact, made with reference to the pre miies, and, farther, that the plaintiff had not believed In or acted oa any misrepresentation. The house which was sold to Mr Bcott-Hall was built lon« after the death ot the wife of Queen Elizabeth's favorite, and, in the opinion ot the learned Judge, it was impos sible for the plaintiff, who was familiar with (Sir Walter Beott's novel, to have sup posed that the honse he bought was the house mentioned in *' Kenllworth.' 