-'.El 13 ' P»' thr ttim thit l»-b- MsMua* For ti» trrorir t!i»t BfAi tuUtW ' ..-^ WEDNESDAY. MAY 30, 1894. A DEADLOCK The Town Board, like tbe residents of Zeelian, seem to be stuck in the mud. Half of tbe members pull on way, half tbe other, and they do pot seem likely to get to the end of their journey in anything like quick time Half of them tegret they have no money to go on with the work ap proved of by the Lands Office, and oppose anything that would in the meantime tide over their difficulties. The balance due from the sale of residence areas, £138, will go very little way toward doing the permanent work, for which alone the Department will allow it to be used, and there seems little present hope of getting the loan for £2,000. It is perfectly certain that the rates will not bring in enough money for permanent work, so that unless the loan is floated residents may make sure of wallow ing in the mud for the rest of the winter, so long as the Board continue to refuse to do even the most j moderate piece of work which would remedy the existing nuisances to foot . passengers. No doubt if the foot paths could be made once and for all - according to the engineer's specifica tions it would be vary pleasant to all, but as we are not likely to get the money for that purpose till the winter is over we should be the better for some minor improvement It is all the more advisable because, as has] before been pointed out, a portion of the work would really be permanent, \ and would count as such when the path was made eventually entirely according to the engineer's specifica tions. That the decision of the Board on Monday regarding the petition for forming the path from the A.M.A. Hall to Main Creek is Against the wishes of the town was pretty evident judging from general conversation yesterday, while that its wisdom can be defended on the arguments put forward at the meeting is more than doubtful The small bit of filling done along the tramway between the Royal Exchange Hotel and the A.M.A. Ball has effected an improvement to the dangerous part, which is much appreciated by residents. In a few weeks time Mr J. D. Foley, the popnlar comedian, intends leaving Zeehan. Hib brother professionals will give him ,a benefit performance prior to his departure, for wbioh the good old' oomMy 'Our Boys' will be staged The folio wing is the east :— Tbe Butterman, Mr Foley ; Talbot Ohatnpneys, Mr D'Arcy Stanfield } Charles Middloirick, Mr £. A. 8taoef; Sir Geoffrey ChampneyV, MrH. Hodgson; Mary Melroae, Miss Staoey ; Violet Mfel roee, Mm Stacey ; Bslinda, Mm Stanfield ; Aunt Clarissa, Hn Foley. A number of other ladies and gentlem^i will give Items, incladinKareoiUtion4)yMraC.£ean. A eooroe of annoyance to a mijority of those who attend the Academy of Music, is the unthinking habit of mine smbker'e who aannot wait till a play is over before 'lighting op.' This was especially notice able on Monday night when Quit* a base oitobaceo-*moke axow from Hue pit :lw»: ing one ot toe watts oitween a«s. It is jirobtbiV«b«iDorejaT9n|le portion dfth» amdisocs tbaUfend* in thlt respeot, and a& e^a«h6nid be ke^V on any *ne »0 |pqEMB|BiBff --^l) . '^^Hiyfltf J r.-jSnflWft^ *-tt*JW' ^fcft^Bff ? Mr Malcolm Kennedy, of the smelting works at Hobirt, in his evidence before tbe Select Committee on the unemployed question, said bullion could be taken to Europe much cheaper than oie. Yet ths railway department says it must charge 80 per cent more for convoying bulliou than ore. Which is right f Our T*6manian burglars are not above the snpeietilion of ordinary moriaU. At a farm-house near Delomiae Uib other night, tbe wife of the farmer was awakened by bearing an unusual noise, and not thinking it was a house-breaker, she pro ceeded to tbe scene in the customary flow ing white garments which Indies wear at night The lady bad no light, and tbe burglar, on seeing her, evidently thought it was a visitant from the other world, for he stood transfixed with terror. The ghost, however, spoilt matters by screaming and falling to the floor in a very earthly manner. The man did a champion high jump in leaping over the lady, who barred hie ptfBBage, and escaped. The husband had if this time arrived on tho fcprt, and he gave chase, in which bis wife joined. But lie robber threatened to shoift, and fright etA his pursuers. A large quantity ol provisions were found packed up ready for transit, bnt tue intruder did not, of course Bocceed in getting them away. A notor ious character named George Smith was arrested for the offence the next day. A copy of the Coolgardie Miner, the first paper published at Coolgardie, Westralia, is to hand, and it is a creditable produc tion. The paper is a trifle larger thin our own, and printed in small type. It is published weekly, and sold at sixpence psr copy. The local mines reports occupy three columns, and altogether 20 mines are noticed, nearly all of them appearing to have plenty of golden stone, according to the reports. Tbe leading article recalls the early days of Zeehan. It U headed ' Our Public Meeting*,' and in advocating the erection of a public ball to hold meetings in, and a progress committee to deal with urgent town mailers, pending the place being declared a municipality, the article severely comments on the nnruly conduct «toh characterises such meeting. They have at present to be held in the open air. ''Whether the speaker rose to propose, second, amend, attack, or aympathhe, he generally receives the same unruly greet ing and hisses and interjections.' This par reminds one of the good oil primitive daya of our own town— '.he days that rough and uncivilised as they were, our business people would like to hare over again. The many billiard players of Zeehan will read with interest the following accounts of a tnatob played by a Zaetan champion of the oue, which we take from the Cool gardie Miner :— G. Keaye and G. Evate met on Thursday evening at tbe Exchange Hotel billiard-room to oontet a match of 760 up for £10 aside. Keaye soon qot a string lead, his opponent showing disap pointing form. Tbe pl*j was quiet, and when Keaye readied 200 Evans only scored 140\. However, by some pro ,ty breaks he ran put his nun, and the score showed Brans, 801 ; Kwyi, 296. The latter then made strong play, and reached 409 when Eyans* soire was 875. Keays increased his lead during the fourth and fifth hun dreds, and in the sixth compiled a fine break of 43, with his total at 700. Evans only had scored 597, but aooa after made the break of the evening, 45, including 14 «pot strokes ; this was his .last effort, and soon after Keays tan out a Comfortable winner by 70 points. : In the same paper we notice several other names well known on tbe West Coast. Among others 'Smith and Smith, late of Zeeban, etc,' are adver tising at auctioneers, 'sharebrokerl, and general commiKlon agents. Weaotealso tliat-eryblgbpHw« were mHaeia at the tihiveramotfteHS oit town blocks, ranging from £6B to £396. The latter figure was feralotadjoiagths Post OJioe. Half* dofeen blocks realised an average of £ 400 ftich. .; \\-. ..... , ;: ... ,.v ? : - A clergyman and his friend had a rather. luAiorous adventure the other day in Sydney. The clergyman 'was passing a draper's chop and met an old abqnatntanee cooling out. A horse and bap was stand-' tftf oppoitte the shop Th» atg.ttainUnc6s txptmiA a' dasire to gat ? : *heqas oiaJied,4 but the banks wereelosed ajid. he vn % ebaogeriQ Bydney. ThedsrRrnun knew *idg bosinea. firm » few greets 'off that wi-nJ4 «ash the ^^ne4-n hi«-en6mmeikda-. - 1$fM fneufl, aou 'said, *?*? If jfofl drlfri ine '. *oittd to -^.«ra Wo d» itw 'ijieaoguatet- ' Mi^:vlbflogTu'^Blto^«ai4^^1oiig^4; tjotiated and drove on to the Oxford Hote! to have a glass of wine. Whea ootering tbe pnb. the clergyman asked, ' Will yonr horse stand t' ' My hone; iin'theyonre?' said the other, and then they frond they had unwittingly stolen a tuna* and trap., This spoilt the drink business, and tbe two innocent thieves jumped in to return to tbe shop, bat they swn met tbe rightful owner, who quiokly oalled on a policeman to apprehend them. Explanations were in vain until the polio* station was reached, where the runaways succeeded in proving their innocenoe of any intent to steal. A greaf crowd had meanwhile followed op, and they gave 'Three cheers Tor th« parson' when his eloquent appeals bad finally gained their freedom. The Zeehan Coffee Palace is to let cheap. Mr J. C. Harris reports the sale of e 2-roomed but and quarter-acre of ground at the rear of J. S. Lie's for £17 10«. Tbe Choral Union meets to-night at i sharp at Mr Carroll's schoolroom to receive the sub-committeea report and to cleat officers. A caution appears in our advartisinj; columns warning the public that a quan tity of condemned explosives will be de stroyed during May 30 and 31, and June 1. 