MARRIACE LAW IN 9SUTH AUSTRALIA. " A.B.C.," in a late issue of the Sydney.11orning, IlHerld, writes thus: N'.Mr. Bumble's definition of tho law is particularly appropriate to the marriage law in South Australia that is, if the ruling of the judges is correct that a marriage in a church with the doors closed is invalid. Nobody, doubtless, questions the importance of keeping the doors open, and the windows too, for the matter of that, especially in hot weather: but when it comes to making a difference between a sinful connection and a union blessed in sight of God and man, then the value of ventila tion is a little overstrained. Yet that is how it is in Adelaide, or at least the judges say so, and the conse quences are curious when one thinks of them. For example, a man is brought up for bigamy. He may have been joined in wedlock with bands and surplices and all the paraphernalia, and for this, being doubly, done he may stand in the prisoner's dock. But if he can. only prove that the door, having been ajar, just swung a little bit in the wind and touched the jamb when he said " I will," he is an honest man in the sight of the law, though he may have ruined another and innocent life. Again, if an Ade laide man geta tired of his wife, he can say the door was shut when he married her, and it will be hard lines for him if lie cannot find somebody for a pound or two to say he saw it slam 10 or 15 years ago, at a time when nobody probably thought of looking or would remember whether it had banged to or swung in the wind. And again, if it did bang to, his children are illegitimate, and himself a scroundel. They are a family that ought to be shunned as disreputable by all the laws of con vention; while in the case of intest acy neither the partner of his life nor any child would have a share in his property. Comfortable state of things in the domestic relation in Adelaide if ghosts like this haunt them; amd there is practical point in the question there. 1las marriage been a failure 3" 