$h* gUtiet. PPBMHHED DATLT TPWDAY, AHffUBT 7, 1894. The government has cancelled the ap pointment of Hnldiva is a place foe balding Courts and Petty Sessions. The Cairns Argtis says: "Messrs. BwhuiMi aad Gordon, gentlemen well known in Cairns, will shortly naive at Thnisday Island, in order to practically test the diring apparatus th^y have invented for *~*T""g peazl-shdl from dMj> water. MB. Mdheo, for many years connected with the Kail way department in Cairns, and well-known on the coBstrnetwn of thawoond aectzofl(«yi the Cairns jtrgns), leaves by the jOUba to-id^it en rate to Hughesden, his *pr*ieMliaiingbeeBteaiia£NTedtothenulway ?nirey thsre. Mr Hum wu universally ectaemed and his Iom will be felt. Tn KdRX QmSBKBIJLKD REGISTOE, whieh will t» published to-day, Is of special lal sunt to fc^faMhw, as it contains paffaiulaotax«C0w leading exponents of the game tm HortiMrn and Central Qneens laai,aad,~astfc9» WMMt sufficient Bna MM for raqaireniants tot week, flu sketch cfthe playing ground at the late big match u imhM Sfiise is also a portrait of ths winner ot the Quota prize Kbthelate H.Q.&4 . meeting in Towasrills, two original dnMm 1^ ICrK Vlajoe, flto. Mb B. D. Ibng, eecrefcaiy of the Hospi tal. reoeived tiu following reply from the Under Secretmy of the Works Department, in answer to a telegram sent on the subject of a pint"Provision for hospital extension £1000 has been made on the Estimates." WE hare received from Hesm E. Horton and Go, the well known seed merchants of the fijdiuy, t.hpir monster general catalogue of about ISO pages. The book contains a complete list of vegetable, farm, and flower seeds, and also plants, shrubs, fruit txees, manure?, and implements, besides 12 pages of novelties, which it is I claimed have never been offered before in the colony. Among them is the American coir pea, flie tree lucerne and lathyrus silvestris. These three axe classed as the grandest fodder Mid milk plants in the world. There in several new things in the way of flowers and vegetables. A foil description of esch will be found' fn the catalogue, which Uwn Horton and Co. point oat that it would be well worth the while of ereiy former or gardener to write for. Hie boob can be had post tree on application from Messrs Horton and Co., Hay-street, Haymarket, Sydney. Thb following circular has been issued by Mr Donald Mclntyre to the graziers of the Gulf district:-" X hare nearly completed the erection of the salting works with, a capacity of salting about 100 tons per week, and next month I to send a tiial shipment of 50 tons salt beef to London.- At the opening of the 1895 season I shall be pre pared to salt buttocks and tongues, and pre serve taBs on owners account or purchase as may be arranged. Salting bnttosks and tongues and preserving tails, will very little reduce the quantity of t&How; prodnced in boiling down, but should leave owners at least £110s more per bead for prime cattle. BeTEngdown alone gives better returns dun celling fat bullocks at 5s 3d and 6s 3d per 1001b dressed meat, with hides and offal thrown in, bat next eeaaon with the additions to these works, any prime cattle ought to yield to £4 per head. I will wait upon yon shortly with salting and canning arrange ments for 1895." *' Old Mac" is evidently determined not to let the Graziers from Bris bane snuff him out. lbs ladies committee of the Catholic Church announce a novel entertainment to be heldm the 8phool of Aria during the last weekof September, in the form of an''All jtfatjums fair." The promoters, have, for some, time peaty jo their usnal quiet bat wdtn maimer, been perfecting their arrangements, supplementing their resources, and generally preparing for presenting to the pnlmc an exhibition of the most elaborate attractiveness and originality. Supplemen tary to the " Fair" proper are also promised wagh&y; representations by troops of school children of some pretty cantatas with iic taresqnes scenic 'effects. - Hie ladies who have this matter in hand hare before been complimented upon the admirable wmnnw in which they pla>ce tiieir entertainments before the pnblic, endeavoring to give full value for the patronage waved; and knowing that ownpiletemess of detail will be essential to the success of their next effort^ they are making strenuous efforts fn order to eclipse former displays, to surprise the pnblic, and to «? tract from the pockets of their patrons an appreciable amount of coin for the good object in vie w. ? A pqebbstokdxbz writes:-Last Thurs day evBniag Colonel and JEes, Dowdle, , Intern atiiaml Spiritual Special am»ed on Charters Towers. This event created gnat excitement smong't the "Army" people, and the public generally. A gnat number of officers from different corps of the Northern, division had arrived by the mid-day train, wffl; tiifWt with & great number of soldiers assembled at Hie Queeaton zaflwayctationat 660 pa, to greet die British warriori, and < to'j^nAeD a real " Hallelujah Welcome " i to tiie premier goldfield of Queensland. A piooession was then formed, and marched mto the town, headed by the band. The (nestings enThnrsday.Fnday and onSatur 4% evenings were attended by very large : Until, vn Sunday, tht'iHelingi commenced at7am.,; then an open air at 10 a.m., at < Gwd's I*me, and at 11 a.m., a Holiness meeting is the Barracks, led on by Colonel Dowdle. His address was delivered invest «lyle, and the power of the Holy Ghost was frit in the meeting, and at the don several claimed (he blessing of holiness. At 2 p.tn. an open air near the Brilliant Hotel, and at S p-nu, an inside meeting at the Banacks led on by Mrs. Col. Dowdle, when many were blessed, and one accepted Christ as her personal saviour.. Col. and Mrs. Dowdle are the oldest officers in the Salvation Army their connection with it extending over 26 yean, and although their experience have been varied, yet they fed to-day that the Imrd has never forsaken them, and that they an opt weaiy in " well-doing." They are accompanied to this field by Brigadier Jeffrie* ffaff-raplam and Mrs. Bpatgo. Hie ball has been tastefully decorated with shrubberies, and there are also a few well-chosen mottoes seen around the building. Ar file Police Court yesterday morning, before the PJ£. and Mr T. H. Boddingten 3 P" the charge of using threatening bagn age preferted by Charles Moore, against ffm. Slart was withdrawn. The case of fie Police against W. J. Bolfe for refusing to produce a hide, to which defendant pleaded . guil\g. The case, after aignment by Mr J. Mankind, for the defendant, that the plaint (should have been laid nittin three month* of the date of the alleged offence, was adjourned for eeren days to allow the Bench time to consider the points raised. F, Thornhill againstT. H. Brooks for child desertion, was adjourned till toJs;. In the case of the polioe against W.J. Bolfe for the alleged offence of cuttings brand out of a hide. Mr Hars'and raised the same (point on behalf of defendant as in the previous case; the Bench decided to consider the argument, and pro ceeded to take eridenoe. . Constable Jiu. Keogh, inspector of slaughter houses, said be went to wlfA place ntSellheim on 24th April, and asked hun to produce the hide of the beast-he had killed the previous day, and ; heaaid jireotild not, and on being pressed <0 do ao implied, "Wellloan't andthut is allabont it" UjaxyAxfordeaidahenastheowiieroftbe BBi brand of cattle, and did not authorise defi«3B$t tbi5n a beaetof hers in April, or to toosha hide of a beast of here. Isaac Arford, a s~n of the last witness, and who looked after her cattle, said he knew a beast of his mother's which wed to ran at the Sellheim, and which had disappeared aboul April. He had aeen the defendant at He mother's place shout the 24th or 25th April, whenjbe {defendant) told witness he b"d had a visit Matiu polioe about a bullock of Mr* Walsh'a, end he had then told witness he had killed a white bullock, branded B8A over 7 on tfie 23rd April. John Moliahon, stockman, remembered seeing the B8A bullock and another in Bolfe'* yard in the early morning of the 23rd April. James f eardo«i, dairyman, said in consequence of a report he went before daylight to Dyson's yard, and saw two bullocks; then withdrew a short distance, and when later on the noise in tiie killing pen subsided, vent up and saw ?the white bulloek on its aide, just killed; the brand was not distinguishable. He had been in the habit of seeing the beast every day, and knew it quite well. The defendant was the only person in the pen, and said to witness "you are pretty eariy at it," to which witness replied "yes, and yon are pretty eariy at it too," }Defendant then cat the ears off the beast, and an oraljpiece eut of the hide where the brand was. Casey then rode up and witness went to him, while defend ant went towards Dyson's kitchen. De fendant threat-ned to cat witness's throat if he came near him, this was while he was cutting the ears off, and the bit of hide oat. Casey and witness had a look at the beast whin was lb* Axfbrd'e so far as brands went, and then rode off. "Witness Bent word to Mn Walsli,brtdid sot inform thepalice, Witness was a butcher on the 24th April. James Casey, ttocknjan, corroborated last witness* evidence. Mr "yitrwlan A flaked for-a ? dismissal on the grounds:-1. That th&re; il 110 jurisdiction to impose 1 penally. That there is ao evidence the Botcher's Act S < Wm. IV extends to Sellheim, and ijntlha^ Inspector is only appointed for Che town jolt '. Charters Towers. 2. That the compflfunt has not been laid within the specified time, _ ?66 Amending Act, Section 24. That there is no evidence the brand WM cat out. Thfct ?' there is no evidence there was a bnrnd on th* beset when killed, or wbra ^jM^ojLjggle micotonty UrUnaluKl declineS noil any witnesses. The case was «djoonied for one week. ' 1 - ' A writer in the 8ydney Jleferte jeajra ,-A - few days past I had the pleanro of a look at' Ur. Wm. Miller's collie jiihji lfnnMand Hancy .(late O&kleigh; Primrose),- recently puwhatei from Mr. Maude, of Melbourne. Nancy is not a large hiteh, "nor yet a email one, is a sable ank whiteiacotor, and cot yet twelve months old* She has about one of the sweetest heads I erer saw on *(cbUie, with beaotifal expression, a nice eye,aodfatrjMn, and a grand made body, with t!tfvery%fcrt of leg«, feet and bone. Her coat will in time be excellent, ao will her frill sad brash- At present there is mom for improremetft in these quarter* owing to her Wring recently snfiered from skin d-sease ; liHrerer/ereiy thing considered, die isinvery food show condition, and mil be a hard cut to crack to-day in the Pnppy Glass.' fiancgf "was whelped Oct. 23,1893, and is by tiongntd»" Metchley-Aberfeldie Meg, by Ormskirke . Amazement-Ormskirk .Grace, /foimndab , Metchley is by Britannic -Florence. Ar. Miller has in her secured a beaatzfol bitch, this Collie ms bred by Mr. AJRoss of Sing. Street Charters Tower* who. .seat he ?down to lb. Maude of Melbourne for sale end and it was ont of the same litter that Messrs E, D. Miles and 7. Tippit secured their handsome collier/In secured a £nt in adasTofl^in whi& afitlhe ' Sydney and Melbourne cracks are said b have oompeeted, and s second in the bitch class, Mr. Koas thinks she will,beat the winner in the latter whenshe £*tsolder. 