Lecture Entertainment. On Friday evening last an entertainment was given in the Church of England School-room, arranged by Madamoiselle Naegueli, assisted by Rev S G Fielding, in aid of the piano fund. There was only a moderate attendance, due no doubt to the fact that the public had not settled down after the Parliamentary elections. Vocal and instrumental pieces were given by scholars of the Sunday- school, assisted by local ladies, and a prominent feature of the entertainment was a number of readings by Rev S G Fielding, selected from Dickens'Christmas carol " Marley's Ghost." Though the rev gentleman ofiered an apology for having to read his selections, having been too busy i to refresh bis memory with them, he showed that he was quite familiar with the lines, and delivered the most of it from memory. The first ¡tem was a pianoforte trio, an extract from First Concerto (Mendelssohn), by Mdlle Naegueli and Misses Lilian Norton and Lynn Hole, which proved a | good number. Rev S G Fielding followed with the first reading, " Marley's Ghost," and, need less to say, it was finely rendered. Song, "The Gift," Miss Brancker, very sweetly rendered. Second reading, * The three spirits-Old Feezi wig's party,' by Rev S G Fielding, was splendidly given. Pianoforte trio, ' Aufforderung zum tan*,' (Weber), by Misses Nellie Brancker, Dora Walker and Master Carlton Primrose, was fairly-well executed. Third reading, ' The second spirit Bob Cratchit's Christmas,' followed by the fourth reading, ' The last of the spirits-Scrooge .is reclaimed-the wonderful turkey,' delivered by Rev S G Fielding in a very clever manner. Song, ' Surely,' Miss N Wood, was a very pleasing item, and was well applauded. The last item on the programme was a pretty song rendered by the Sunday-school girls, - Now from our hearts, ' the following girls taking past-Nora and Olive Primrose, Florrie and Minnie Rowthorn, Eva Gosper, Nellie Norris, Ethel Cheeseman. The Rev S G Fielding thanked Molle Naegueli for her _ thoughtfulness on all occasions for the Church and Sunday-school. After a collection bad been taken up, the proceedings terminated with the ' National Anthem. J 