/ FIirHNDLY SRRV1CE. From Ida Skv.mhi;h to (Suavk KuimKTJ,. Villa llellinii, ^?ice, lnfc June. /TJBACE, my (IciifuHl:, .iluHrent. friend, I am Vl? half wild. To you only can I reveul my sorrow, niy faithful one. My misery is complete. A cruel and unexpected blow has fallen on me. Listen : You know thnt I havo been -afciiyinj; hero for the jmsb week with mother, the doutoiv liiivinj; oiilered hor South «t » dny's notice. I could nob find ib ii my lieiirt to ask my husbmid to accom pany UN, jucb rr the I.onrlon SeiiHOii hnd commenced, nnd it is ini|Jo«iblo to rejoin him before the end of the month. Yesterday tho ICii},'lish pool brought me— puess whnfc ! An unouyiuoUK letter, writton in nn unknown, mid iinuiifpftly (lisguised hand, inforiniii^ me tlmfc my liiLsbunti is cut-ring on nn intrigue with Mrs. Si. George — thnt tall, stout, woman with reddish huir, and n Uesei'vedly bud rcpntnUoii. You must know her : one meet* her everywhere. 1 Hin jcnlous, you woll know, but. .1 believe this person to bn tlnnyeroiia. Somehow, all the men admire her, bub I think her absolutely horrible. I nm informed limb she wdfi very intimato with (jeorgo bofore our mavrinjje, und tlmfc now tho intimacy is resinned. Wlmt, to do 1 know nob, but I feel pei'dunded that you j will advise me wisely and well. You are so clever. At this timo all London is about, and on« meets everyone. You are certain to see him and perlmps her nlj-o. Watch, observe, and toll me what you (-oe. My dearest Grace, remember your friend is toiMucd with cruel doubt*, which she defiles to dispel, thnb uncertainty is killing lie*', and thnb »ho prefers bhe truth at all cost, bitter though it tuny be. Keply at mice— watch closely. Think of me, dearest (SrHcejfor you, my mother, and my child aro all I havo in tho world to love. — Yours for over, Ida. ' (iKaok R«s.ski.i, to Ida Sevmouk. 1000, Half-Mooii-st.l'cet, Piccadilly. 4tli .Tune. You ai-u mud, my poor friend, absolutely fftui'k, sturini; mad ! Take hiiai'b, nnd bo reasonable. You linve reCRived an anony mous letter from some spiteful, jealous woman ; for such epistles always coniu from woinon. An anonymous letter ! Whoever pays the slightest attention t.n such a thing ? Burn ib ! Burn ib ! If you only knew how many I received in the lifctimeof M r. Russell —but I never took the least heed of them. Kevi'itheless they sometime? spoko the truth — but peace to Iiis memory. As you havo oft tm observed, 1 nm happily iiidopcn- 1 rlenb and still youn^ — only 32 a few days :i|£o. You are by fivo yeavs my junior. Follow my example— don't, worry yourself nv.iiy with trouble. Bub, to return to your lutter— well, it wonld give me the greatest Biitisfnction to destroy ib, nnd think no more uf it. You have a husband wlio Iovr.*. you, of this I. have no doubt. You arp. it happy woman to be ho loved. Your husband is wealthy and generous — you have ;i lovely child ; in fiicb you possess everything a woinan could desire. Bub you are jctlouti. Do not deceive yourself. Even admitting thnt. there is Home truth in the letter, is it nob better thai, you should close your eyes to it '! 1 can see you jump nfl' your chair us yon read these winds. My deal-, I have had more experience of the world tlimi you. Notwithstanding the fact that I had littU rlepth of ntlectinn for my late husband, I wnuuricd my nmniir pioprc. Whut enn we poor women do in such a case V Hold our t.iuijrties, tlmb is nil. You complain that. Airy. St.. (ienrgo is dangerous, and that her ntpu- tatiiui is fnulby. Well, so much the better, for 1 nm persuaded that your IiiisIihikI is }iuriMit heart, nnd if hn have any stupid fancy lor this woman, ib is only a pnssini; one. Now surely you see clearly Mi«re is no fierious cntise for anxiety. As to myself, i» is hiirdly necessary to absure you that there is iiothiiijr I would not do for you ; ami if J'imi insist, although it is repugnant- to me In play the part, of u spy, I will do what you wish. But, 3-ou will not iii.«i.«f,, I feel cer tain. — Your old and sensiblu friend, (j'rac's. Ida Skvmour to Okack Ri'sski.i. Nice, Stli June. Certainly I insist, and thab iiotwithstand' fng your advice. ?.n frnnk with me at. once ; and if I ask too , much in expecting this service from you, I ' must, be released from thin stalp of uncer tainty. 1 must know all. I believed that I wiuldhnvo counted on you, aa you could on mo in n. similar circumstance To me. id nppcarn thufc tntt friendship htx r.o scruples, and never hesitates to render a sct-vico to a loved one. i But perhaps T am vrrong : your reply wilj ' prove this. — With fondest, love, Ida. I From Gkaoe Kusski.i, to Ida Seymour. London, 1-th .lunn. Your letter wounded me deeply, Ida, You believed that, my friendship differed, when it, wns my reason which hesitated. ?But, since you persist, notwithstanding all I havo said to dissuade you, and since yon question my affection for you, I no longer hesitate. You ran count, on me — I have sharp eyes, and will do all that is possible to lind out. whether your fears have any foundation. Now we understand one another. I thought of you only; and if anything disagreeable happens, you will have no right to reproach tao. v^oiuo wuue may, usueve always in [no friendship and affection ot your faithful and devoted friend, (iIiaok. r.S.— On Thursday night Mrs. Leslie receives. Yen Imsband is pretty certain to bs thero, and perhaps thtludy also. I know Blie goes there frequently. 1 shall be there. Ida Skymouk to Grack ISussku.. Nice, luth .lime. Thanks — my dnrling Grace, thanks. Pardon me. I was, indeed, husty mid utijusb ; but I was suffering horribly.' You nre so good — so affectionate — I am sure you Will forgiva me. What I have gone through during the, past few days ! Yes, you aro right ; I am jealous. For a long bime past I believed mys-elf safe from any violent Eeiitiment ; nnd (hen, besides, a jealous person is always ridiculous. At this, moment you must b* uliouh to flturt for Mrs. Leslie's as you pro mised. Dear friend ? Now that, you have oonsonted to do what I wish, I feol almost) Mehamed of my request. But, be assured, whatever comes, u-nd no matter what you may communicate to me I shall nob be angry with you. To do so would be nothing more or less than infamous. Ko; we shall b» faster friends bhan ever. Half-pasb ten. Now, you must be a» Mrs. Lcclie's, surely ! What will you dis cover? Merciful powers, how I bretnblo I Tluuiks, again and again, my darling Grace. —Your true friend, Iua. [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.— Th« person nob ab Leslie's last night. George alone. Sp»ke to him. Tried to get something from Kim. Impenetrable. Hope nothing true. Love. — liRACK. [Telegrain.] To Gback RnssBLi,.— Thanlcs for message Continin your observations. Send news by telegram. More rnpid. ^Yrite only to givo particulars. Fondest lore. — Ida. , i [Telcgrain.] To Ida Sevmouk.— Nothing now. To-dny it. private view Water- colours. Saw hor. George nob there. Going away to-morrow,— Giucc [Telegram.] To Ida Skkmour.— Ab Academy. Saw Georgo, but not the person.— Gkaue. [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.— Garden party abllich. mond. S«w George and the person together. Letter follows. —Ghace. Gr.*.uc K-jssnu. to Ida Seymour, London, 17th Juno. Only two words to uonh'rm and explain Mie telcgrnm 1 snnb you ten tninutsa a.rro. ' Yes, I hiivii '.fen (irorpe and Mrs, Sfc. ' Ge«r»» ic^iKw, Ver.v h&udtoitya; vh* looked, too, nobylthstnndlng her 40 yearn. . Your husband did not. appear until rather lute, and bh« moment lie saw her lie joined her. He remained at her side until tho parly broke up, I never loat sighb of thab bonnet with the yellow ostrich tips for a moment. I really believe there is nobbing serious between them. Ab all ovcuts, were I in your place, this prolonged conversation in public would reassure me. When tlicro is anything botwoisn two persons they do not speak much | before others. I will continue my observa tions. — All my love, and, bel1' , me, ever yours, ' 3 race. Ida Skymouk to Gkack u...-.--*u.. Nice, -Olh Juno. I)o nob be discouraged, my dearest, dearesb Grace. I do nob believe the meeting ab Richmond wns accidental. George has always objected to accompany me to garden parbies— said bhey bored him ineffably. Continue your mission courage ously, and tell me all — even though ib should break my heart, I musb know all. Oh, thab odioiiB woman St. George 1 How I hate her ! And my husband— well, if my doubts are justified, I ehnll hate him also, and I will never, never pardon him. — I send you fondesb love. Id*. [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.— Met both ab prirato view Bribish Artists. Have bad news. Don'b be too anxious. Ntbhing positive, nothing really serious, only certain symptoms. T-«U.er follows.— Grace. 'race Kussell to Ida, SF.YMonn. London, 24fch June. »uy poor darling Ida, I have just returned from the priva.be view of Bribish Artists. The exhibition is a remarkable one this year, and I was lost in admiration of a. lovely sbudy of ahead, when your husband, accom panied by bhe lady in question, passed in fronk of me obstructing my view ; ha looking as elegant as usual, she simply dressed and wearing n yellow bonnet 1 How bhe woinan adores yellow ! The momeni your husband saw ine he left her and came to speak to me. He was most gracious, and nob in the least put out. He gave me news of you, and complained of bhe scarcity of your letters, and bold me bhat in his next he would tell you he had seen me. Ib was comical, and I conldhave laughed had I nob thought of your presenb state of anxiety. Meanwhile, the lady pretended to be inter ested in the pictures. Two or three times, however, she glanced furtively ab me. George said good-bye, and off they wenb togebher. I seated myself, and watched them as they passed round the room ; but at lengbh, fearing I mighb arouse suspicion, I thought it prudenb to go, bub wished above all tilings to see their parting. There is so much in tho way people greeb one another and say farewall, e*j)tt:ially the latter. I lefb the place, and burned into a hall door in Suffolk-street, next to tho Gallery. Right in front of me stood n brougham, which, from the somewhat untidy appear ance of the servants, I judged to belong to Mrs. St. George. I had nob long to waib. They both came oub, your husband accompanying the lady bo her carriage. The footman opened the door, closed ib, and moved away. Up to this point, you see, fchere was noth ing to find fault with. But whilst the foob man wenr- behind the carriage to get. to his place on bhe box, Mrs. St. George said a few words rapidly : ' To-morrow night — Lyceum— Uox A.' At the same instant the coachrann whipped up the horses and drove away. Your husband looked after ib for a second or so, lighted a cigarette, and wenb off in the direction of Picculilly;nnd I drove to my dressmaker in Bond. street. Here, my flailing Ida, is what happened. I assure you it grieves me intensely to full you all this, bub 1 must remind you that you wished it. Tin's is now tha 'critical moment, ; you still have time to rellocb. Will you st.oii here, or do you wish me to go j to tho Lyceum on Thurmlny ? Keply by telegrain as soon as you receive thin, and I will obey.— With fond love, over your devoted Gha()k. [Telegram.] To f!n.\rr. RrssKi.i,.— Gn to Lyceum. If you do mit, I will never forgivo yon. — Ida. Guauk KussKi.ifto Iiv\ .Skymuitr. London, -lith .lime, ,'i o'clock a.m. Courage, Irlii dearesD ; 1 xin obliged to do i that which is cruel. j I wns nb th»! Lyceum to-night, as yon wished, in th« buck of h box fi«;injr Box' A. I arrived as the curtain rose; nnd just ns the ghost of Fabian appeared bo his brother, Mrs. George entered the box, followed by your husband. ; She grated herself nt tlu- front, shading licijielf with hii enormous fun. He .st-Hteil liiniPBlf behind htr. There, wns mi one else in tho box. Tho play over they rose to go. I lost them in the crowd, of uoinse; but J was not to Iik beaten, so I popped into m hansom and drove to hf.r house, just to sen , if he would iii.'C-nmpHny her liinni.-. To my j great relief she was wlonr; ami I was just nbsut to givi- orders to the driver to take i me home, when another hansom slopped at her door, and from it George emerge'd, and entered tlmb fatal house. Hoping he would come out evury moment, 1 rcinuiiirtl on the watch until two this morning ; bub when I left he was still there. Now, I have accomplished the mission ! which you entrusted, to me faithfully. It' has turned out badly, but, I do not, complain j if 1 have given you a new proof of the deep | affection I have for you. Grace. Ii-a Seymour to Grace Russku,. Nice, 30th June. Thanks, my dearest ; oh, tlinnks ! You have incited proved your friendship. I will ' nover forgive him — a man whom I adored ? ! whom I married in opposition to the wishes of all my relations ; to whom I gave my whole life. . . The horrible wretch ! I telegraphed to him to conio to Nice instantly, wibliotir. saying why. When he arrives I will toll him nil (without compromising you, however, my dearest Grace). I will tling; my reproac'-.es in his face. Whatever may be his reply, I have decided on my coin-so. There csn never again be anything in common between this man nnd me. If the law be insufficient to protect me, I know - how to ceunrate myself for ever from such ? an hateful being. As for you, my darling friend, I nover can be sufficiently grateful. You are bhe besb, bhe mosb noble of women. Weep for mo, and love me as I love you. Ida. Grace Russell te Ida Sevmouk. London, 11th Augusb. For eighb days, dearesb, nob a line from you. I am mosb anxious. What has happened ? Your husband lefb suddenly for Nice they informed me ab your house when I called bo-day bo make inquiries. ' Sum moned by a telegram,' bhey said. Yours of course. How did the painful scene end! Whab is your decision? Hew are you? Send me a telegram or lebber immediately. I picture you ill and heartbroken, unable to write. Send me a line, one line for Heaven's sake bo relievumy mind.— With mosb affec tionate wisheB, always your Grace. Ida Seimocr te Graob Russell. Nice, 18th August. My Dear Grace,— Your letter crossed ont» from me— bhab is to say, one I was about to write to you ; bub I have betn ho occupied wibh a thousand and one things thab I really have nob had bime to wribe sooner. Thank you for your solicitude for no and my health. Ib is, however, quite unneces sary, for all my broubles have disappeared. Does bhisamaze you 1 Strange things happtn in life, my dear, and suspicions, which often seem serior.s, are frequently unfounded. To adept your pleasing expression, bhe 'scent' between George and me took place immediately on his arrival, bub it finished very differently b» bhe way in which I, and more particularly you, imagined. My hus band proved to me, clear as daylight, thab there was nothing, absolutely nothing. between him and Mrs. Sb. George. He cer tainly had an appointmenb with her ab bhe Bribish Arbists and ab bhe theatre. You were perfectly correct, butabthelatkw place there was a third person in, the box. You did not, see that. He also wen,b to her bouse 1 nfter the theatre, bub he C'.d nob stay ns lene ! ; as you imagined, for half an hour after ? you saw him enter, ho lefb by the ' \- door leading from the billi»rd.-s-jom, out q{ , ? utmmi the buck of the home. V.':,- '?'??-erepe»t«a appointments, you will a:- 1 \';,K reason U simple. Ii wns a pn.j.-. -I marrW. between mi acquaint* nci ?-. ,-,,y huBbnnd nnd Mrs. St. George; Son.,, ,i',:|, concern ingsqbtleincnts hnd occurrin; hk) Mrs. St« George wished to have Hit; ii(i- iee of an old friend. By-the-by, she is not at nil as bad as she is reported bo be by «u.-iiiidnlnionj»,rs ? and no intimacy euer exinti-il in the p«,k between her and George, «.« I stupidly believed. George was induced to act »« intermediary botween the Iwwyers, and ' bo look bo Mrs. Sb. George's interests and ha made an appointment wilh her thab nighb at the Lycoum as t)1(. wished him bo speak bo a third person, «nd to announce to him the fact that tho match was broken off. Of course this wan no fsull of his. All this explains itself, and ths terrible 'scene' finished in the bant, possible way George scolded me a little for my innensuto suspicions, bub tins pardoned me g0 generously, so tenderly, that all my former contentad state of mind in restored. As to tho anonymous letter, ho boliovei Hiab it was written by a discharged cervanb of Mrs. St. George. Now permit, me to speak frankly concern ing your action in thin matter. You should nob havo allowed me to go so far in this ridiculous campaign. You will reply that you tried to prevont me ; I admit this bub did you do so with a necenrnry forco of p«rsuasion ! In short, did you nob feel a certain pleasure— pcrhnui I unconsciously— to see a cloud pans over our felicity, of which you wero always a littlo jealous. Bub I bear you no ill- feeling. You were unhappy in your own marriage! and, perhaps, felt a certain bitterness. But had you been bhe true friend I believed you to be, you would have overcamn thin unworthy feeling, and, ab #ny cost, have refused energetically to piny the humiliating Sart which I, when almosb oub nf my semei, egged ef you to nccepb. Yes. you xliouiti have refused; thab is what, a true friend would have done, and you did not do it. Ib appears to me bhab you took a certain pleasure in following bhe two poor thin™, and thnb in your love of the romantic you desired to find them guilty. I musb sbop, for I might say too much if I ' continued. Ioa, [Extract Jrom the Private Journal o/Graci Russell.] Today I received a most detestable nnd unjustifiabl* letter fro.-n Ida Seymour. Behold ane now at variance with her for ever ; and I worked for her so con scientiously and so loyally. I, who played a part which was most repugnant to me only bo please her. I should have remembered bhe old Italian proverb, ' Fr* moglie e marito non maters il dito. [Extract from, the Private Journal o/ Ida Seymour.] Has George told me the truth concerning bhe projected marriage of a certain lndy? Be that as ib may, I did right bo boliftve ft, Well, when he is by my side, speaking to me with thab soft, rich voice of his, lookimr ab me with bhose eyes I no dearly love, all my anger dies, and I am all his. As to Grace — I havo, in reality, nothing to reproach her with. Nevertheless, 1 wrote her inch a letter ! Ib was her own faulb ; she should never . have believed bhab George was unfaithful to ' Hi» — Vanity Fair. 