THE SUNDAY SCHOOL, I INTERNATIONAL LESSON. SUNDAY, AUGUST 5th. Mark i. 1-11. I THE BAPTISM OP JESUS. 1 Golden Text (Mark i. 11). — 'Thou art My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' Introduction. John was the son of Elizabeth, a cousin of Mary, and was, therefore, a second cousin of Jesus. The circumstances of his birth are recorded in Luke i. He was a Nazarite (Luke i. 15. For an account of the vows of a Nazarite, see Num. vi.); had shut himself up to a solitary life of prayer and meditation (Luke i. 80), from which he emerged to preach the doctrine of repentance as a preparation for the coming of God, His character was that of an asceitic. I. — The Preaching and Baptism op John. The first verse is a title to the tool of St. Mark. It is equivalent to Ik liturgical phrase '* Here beginneth tin gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God,' The term gospel in the New Testament means ' good news,' but always with a special significance ; the news of sal vation. The full title of our Lord is given in the gospel of the Mighty One, Jesus (meaning Saviour) iB His per sonal name. He iwas a perfect man. Christ (meaning Anointed) is the Greek equivalent of the Hebrew Messiah, the Hope of Israel foretold through the Old Testament. He was the promised Messiah, Son of God declares His eternal and divine nature. Hence Son of God and Son of man fully describes Him our Saviour, Lord, and Example. John was His herald. He came to pre pare the way of the Lord. Through these two the kingdom of heaven breaks into the world. The silent condition of John's great influence was his rencncia tion of the world. We must read St. Luke's narrative of John the Baptist if we would understand his faithfulness and couroge. He never feared the face of man because he feared the face of God. Like Elijah he stood before the Lord. John the Baptist pointed for ward : there cometh one . ' Thus the last messenger of the Old Covenant points to the first of the New. Thus truth agrees with truth. The New Testament looks back to the Old. The wilderness in which the Baptist appeared was a shadow of this world.' It was the mark of a slave to loose the master s shoe. Hence the Baptist regarded him self the slave as well as the forerunner. ' I, indeed, have baptized you with water ; but He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost.' II. — The Baptism of Jesus. From St. Matthew we learn that (1) the purport of the Saviour's journey from Galilee was that He might be thus baptized (Matt. iii. 13 : that (2) Hw forerunner instantly recognized superhuman and stainless character , that (3) he tried earnestly to preven Him ; that (4) his objections were over Iuled by the reply that it became Him L ' fulfill all righteousness,' i.e., every uirement of the law. St. Luke tells us that the baptism of our' Lord did not fnlrfl place till ' all the people had been yptized' (Luke iii. 21). Verses 10 and H lead us across the border-line into worlds miraculous and mysterious, ybis is the first of the three heavenly voices heard during our Lord's ministry. At Sis Baptism, His Transfiguration* and during the last week of life the Divine Voice spoke. He submitted to baptism thongn He had no sin to con fess, It was the solemn consecration to His office and work. He fulfilled all righteousness. To all who are willing to be like Christ, comes the same voice, saying,' Thou art My beloved son.' 