THE CONVICT BO IT was a scorching day ii —a few days before Cfarufcma£ Had there been any moisture in the bush it would have steamed in the heavy heat. During the mid- day hours not a bird stined among the mahogany and gum trees. On the fiat tops of the low banksia the round heads of the white cockatoos could be seen in thousands, motionless as the trees themselves. Not a parrot had the vim to scream. The chirping insects were silent. Not a snake had courage to.rustle his hard skin against the hot and dead bush-grasL The bright-eyed iguanas were in their holes. The mahogany sawyers had left their logs and were Bleeping in the cool sand of their pits. Even the travelling ants had halted on their wonderful roads, and sought the shade of a bramble. All free, things were at rest: but the penetrating dick of the. axe, heard far through the bush, and now and again a harsh word of command, told that it was a land of bondmen. ; From daylight to dark, through the hot noon as steadily as in the cool evening, the convicts were at work on the roads—the weary work that has no wages, no promotion, no excitement, no variation for good or bad, except ^tripes for the laggard. Along the verge of the Xoagulup Swamp—one of the grwtt&t; ahd dis- 1 malestof the wooded lakef of the country,' its black water deep enough to float a; man- of-war—a" party of convicts were making a government road. They were) cutting their .patient way into a forest only traversea before by t&e; aboriginej and the absconder. ; Before them in the bush, as in their, lives, all was dark and unknown—: tangled underbrush, gloomy shadows^ and noxious things. Behind them, clear and open, lay the straight road they had made—leading to and from the prison. ' Their camp, composed of rough slabhuts, was some two hundred miles froni the main, prison of the colony on the Swan Eiver, at Eremahtle, from whicli radiate all the roads made by the bondmen. The priifiitiye history of the colony written for ever in its roads. There is in this penal labour a secret of. value ti be utilised more fully by a wiser civilisation. England sends her criminals to take the brunt of the new land's hard*- ship and danger—to prepare the way for Konest life and labour. In every coin^ munity there is either dangerous or degrading work to be done: and who so fit to do it as those who have forfeited their liberty by breaking the law P The convicts were dressed in white trousers, blue woollen shirt, and white hat—every article stamped with England's private mark—The Broad Arrow. They were young men, healthy and strong, their faces and bare arms burnt to the colour of mahogany. Burglars, murderers, garotters, thieves—doubledyed law- breakers every one—but, for all that, kind-hearted and manly fellows enough were among them. " I tell you, mates," said one, resting on his spade, " this is going to be the end of Moondyne Joe. That firing in the swamp last night was his last fight." . " I don't think it was Moondyne," said another; "he's at work in the chaingang at Fremantle; and there's no chance of escape there " " Sh-h!" interrupted the first speaker, a powerful, low-browed fellow, named Dave Terrell, who acted as a sort of foreman to the gang. The warder in charge of the party was slowly walking past. When he was out of hearing Dave continued, in a low but deeply earnest voice—" I know it was Moondyne, mates. I saw him last night when I went to get the turtle's eggs. I met him face to face in the moonlight, beside the swamp." Ev<py man held his hand and breath mth intense interest in the story. Some looked incredulous—heads were shaken in doubt. " Did you speak to him?" asked one. "Ay," said Terrell, turning on him; l'„why shouldn't IF Moondyne knew he hacfvnothing to fear from me, and I had nothin^to fear from him." ^ ? "Whit did you say to himP" asked knothleftj F—I stood an' looked at him for b, for his face had a white look moonlight, and then I walked up close to him, and I says—'Be you Mooddyne Joe, or his ghost P'" " Ay?" said the gang with one breatty. "Ay, I said that, never fearing, for Moondyne Joe, dead or alive, would never harm a prisoner." "But what did lie answerP" asked the etvger crowd. " He never said a word; but he laid his fingeron his lips, like this, and waved his hand as if fie warned me to go batjk to the camp. I turned to go; then |l looked back once, and he was standing just as I left him, but he was looking up at the sky, as if were was soine'at in thje moon that pleased him." The convicts worked silently, each 1 thinking on what he had heard. " He mightn't ha' been afraid, though,' PABAM6 is a splendid medicine for complaints of liverandt Jadneys. MABUPA bores asthma, oonghs, and ail bronchial a&eotions.; NATANATA prevents and cures diarrhoea, vomiting, and general sickness. KABANA is a moat excellent tonio, giving splendid tene to the stomach. IF you sufler fromany of these oomplaints kindly give ihese medicines a trial, and note the greB* benefit to yourself. said low-browed Dave; ""I'd let them cut my tongue out before I'd sell the Moondyne." "That's true," said several of the gang, and many kind looks were given tb Terrell. A strong bond, of sympathy, it was evident, existed between these men and the perBon of whom they spoke. A sound from the thick bush interrupted the Conversation. The convicts looked up from their work, and beheld a Btrange procession approaching from the direction of the swamp. It consisted of about a dozen or fifteen persons, most of whom were savages. In front rode two officers of the Convict Service, a sergeant, and a private trooper, side by side, with drawn swords; and between their horses, manacled by the wrists to their stirrupirons, walked a white man. "Here they come," hissed Terrell, with a bitter malediction, his low brow wholly disappearing into a terrible ridge above his eyes. " tilled him, after all. Oh, ipates;! what fegity it is to see a man-lite Moondyne in plight." I •• . " He's done for two'of muttered ano^bgn in a gratification. hind. "I knew ^ufakjl this time like a cornered cur. Following the prisoner.came a troop of "natives," as the aboriginal bushmen are called, bearing three spearwood litters with the bodies of wounded men. A villainous-looking savage, mounted on a troop-horse, brought up the rear. His dress was like that of his pedestrian fellows, upon whom, however, he looked in disdain—a short boka, or cloak of kangaroo-skin, and a belt of twisted fur cords round his naked body. In addition, he had a police-trooper's old cap, and a heavy "regulation" revolver stuck in his belt. This was the tracker, the human bloodhound, used by the troopers to follow the trail of absconding prisoners. When the troopers neared the convictparty, the sergeant, a man whose natural expression, whatever it might have been, was wholly obliterated by a frightful scar across his face, asked for water. The natives halted, and squatted silently in a group. The wounded men moaned as the litters were lowered. Dave Terrell brought the water. He handed a pannikin to the sergeant, and another to the private trooper, and filled a third. " Who's that for P" harshly demanded the sergeant. "For Moondyne," said the convict, approaching the chained man, whose neck was stretched toward the brimming cup. " Stand back! Curse you!" said the sergeant, bringing his sword flat on the convict's back. "That scoundrel needs no water. He drinks blood." There was a taunt in the tone, even beneath the brutality of the words. "Cany your pail to those litters," growled the sinister-looking sergeant, " and beep your mouth closed, if you value your hide. There!" he said, in a suppressed voice, flinging the few drops he had left in the face of the manacled man, " that's water enough for you till you reach B anbury Prison to-morrow." The face of the prisoner hardly changed. He gave one strught look into the sergeant's eyes, then turned away, and seemed to look far away through the bush. He was a remarkable being as he stood there. In strength and proportion of body the man was magnificent—a model for a gladiator. He was of middle height,, young, but so stern and massively-featured, and so broimed and beaten oy exposure, it was hard to determine his age. His clothing was only a few torn and bloody rags, but he looked as if his. natural garb were utter nakedness or the bushman's cloak, so loosely and carelessly hung the shreds of cloth on his bronzed body. A luge, finely-shaped head; with crisp, black hair and beard;'a broad, square forehead; and an air of power sod selfcommand—this was the prisoner, this was Moondyne Joe. Who or what was the iaaaf An escaped convict. What had he been P P&feaps; a robber or a Oitltaneer, or, maybe, he had killedl a man in the white heat of passion. No one know—no one cared to know. . That question is never asked jn the penal colony. No caste there. They hare foond bottom, where all stand equal. No envy there, no rivalry, no greed nor ambition, and no escape from companionship. They constitute the purest democracy on earth. The only distinction to be won—that of being trustworthy, or selfish and false. The good man is he who is kind and true; the bad man is he who is capable of betraying a confederate. It may be the absence of the competitive elements of sooial life that acoounts for the number of manly characters to be met among theBe outcasts. It is by no means in the superior strata of society that abound the strong, true natures, the men that may be depended upon, the primitive rocks of humanity. The complexities of social life beget cunning and artificiality. Among penal convicts there is no ground for envy, ambition, or emulation; nothing to be gained by falsehood in any shape. But all this time the prisoner stands looking away into the bush, with the drops of insult trickling from his strong face. His self-command evidently irritated the brutal officer, who, perhaps, expected to hear him whine for better treatment. The sergeant dismounted to examine the handcuffs, and, while doing so, looked into the man's face with a leer of cruel exultation. He drew no expression from the steady eyes of the prisoner. There was an old score to be settled between those men, and it was plain that each knew the metal of the other. "I'll break that look," said the sergeant between his teeth, but loud enough for the prisoner's ear; "curse you! I'll break it before we reach Fremantle." Soon after he turned away to look to the wounded men. While so engaged, the private trooper made a furtive sign to the convict with the pail; and he, keeping in shade of the horses, crept up and gave Moondyne a deep drink of the precious water. The stem lines withdrew from the prisoner's mouth and forehead; and as he gave the kindly trooper a glance of gratitude, there was something strangely gentle and winning in the face. The sergeant returned and mounted. The litters were raised by the natives, and the party resumed their march, striking in on the . new road that led to the prison. " May the lightning split him," hissed black-browed Dave, after the sergeant. " There's, not an officer in the colony will strike a prisoner without cause, except that coward, and he waB & convict himself." " May the Lord help Moondyne Joe this day," said another, " for he's chained to the stirrup of the only man living that hates him."; , The sympathising gang looked after the party till they were hidden bv a bend of the road; but they were silent under the eye of their warder. (2b be continued.) 