FOLITICAX. PLAMK3, ? ▲ ? ? v^ Fir George Dibbs Fays : ' That most specious oi specious men, Mr. Bernhard Wise.' Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan's hopes of re-election for Queanbeyan have s- far been sustained by the excellent reception bis canvass baa met v/ith. Alderman P. V. Byan, of Bofchurtt-, has an nonncpd himself as a protectionist candidate tor Condobolin. Mb, J. Conuelly., psofceotiomst, Gi?eto, hes been favoviably received at all hio meetings. He fa vours compensation to publicane. ^.Albeeivian Navin, tbe protectionist candidate for Waterloo, received a Btrong vote of confidence Bb a meeting presided over by Mr. P. Hayee. Electors should read tbe manifesto of tbe Protectionist Party's Central Committee on page 19 ; also the able letter on Protection v. Free trade by M:chael Honan on page 17. Mr. Reid, when asked at his meeting on Mon day night, if he would giva way to Sir Henry Parlit-s a3 leader of the freetrade party, caid, ' IMo, emphatically no; not unless the party dis cords me and throws m? oveiv' Mr. John Thorpe, protectionist candidate £or Parramatta, is retiring in favour o£ Mr. W. J. Feins, wno id also a protectionist. It is con sidered this will greatly encbance Mr. Ferris's chance of succeeo. Mr. Hugh TayloE1 says he him Belf will ba again returned, Mr. ¥. J. Lulond, Mayor o£ Botany, ia the only declared protectionist candidate for that constitu ency, and his straightont Bpeecheo in favour of tbe eotabuobnientj oi' local induDtries should Beoure him a large euppor'. Me. P. Hogau has had a flattering reception at tho bandB oi \ Isold Macleay constituents. In open ing his campaign he presented protection, fedfE- tioa, and a State bank as the chief planks of his platform ; and epoke strongly against a land tax. Hearty votes o? confidence have been accorded at the meetings addressed by him. ^Pabkes and economy. Listen. ' Strict ecoaomy ought to be enforced in all the Departments of the Public Service, and in any system foreffect;ng this object no political influence should be per mitted, even in the introduction of candidates for employment.' This is a chunk from Sir Henry's published address— not an economical aphorism from fche late lamented Benjamin Franklin. A new political shuffle. -c It is (says the Herald in its latest pronouncement) provincial protection only that is nov? and must ba the subject of controversy, and, as Sis Henry Parkes rightly saye, ' No Bincere advocate ox. Australian union can be at fcbe same time a provincial protectionist/ ' But what about the ' sincere ' advocates of tbe policy who would have nothing less a month ago than perfect ' international commercial freedom ' P The various city branches of the Labour Electoral Lsagae have decided npon holding a combined demonstration on the 14th instant, the Saturday preoeeding the election. The members of the league will march through their respective electorates, meeting later on at a converging point, probably the Queen's Statue, whence the combined body will march to Pnnce All-rod Park and hold a meeting. All tbe branches of the league ia the metropolis and suburbs will be invited to take part. It has also been resolved fco print about 200,000 circulars on behalf of the labors.' nominees. The Central Election committee ol the pro tectionist party should inteevene in cases where more than one protectionist candidate is offering, try to bring some o£ them to reason, and failing spontaneous withdrawal of superfluous candidates, choose one and ask voters, regardless oi! personal feeling, to Bupporb that one aa an alternative to throwing their votes away. Secalciteant caadi dates may o£ course go to the poll from vindictive motives, but they will have to face the penalty oE being marked men, socially as well as politically. A word to the fooliBh ought to be here sufficient— unleaBthey wiBh to be publicly gibbeted. Mr. M'Elhone'B ireply to one of the circulars from tbe Freetrade Council is thoroughly charac teristic of himself, and conveys in a few words the light in which a good many o? the aspirants for seata in Parliament regard the IPreetrade Council of which Mr. G. H. Eeid is the moving spirit. Mr. M'Elhone, after acknowledging re ceipt of the circular proceeds :— ''? In reply I have to say that I decline to make G. H. Eeid, Esq., the Freetrade Council, self-constituted or otherwise, my father confessor, or to hand oven my political rights and privileges to any body of men ; and I would advise your council to (jut'^o luaun ul oujuoiiuuavi 3 memueid, one or whom received fi large sum o? public money and deserted his post at a time when his vote would have put a protectionist Government out of power. I am a freetrader, and acted as such in Parliament ro?ore you were elected, and baee my claim on 13 years5 service ho the public in Parliament as an independent member, and was never a cat's-paw of any party, and never will be on*.' Mr. M'EIhone ia one of the freetrade candidates for Fitzioy Division of the city. Tbe Mayor of the city, Sir W. P. Manning1, is the chosen candidate of tbe ProtectioniDt party ios tbe Phillip Electorate, a,ud we have no doubt ho will be the choseu representative of the great body of electors when the p3ll ha3 been de clared. There is no rain within the bounds of tho metropolis, candidate for election or other wise, who has done ro much for tho city of Sydney as Sir W. P. Manning, not merjy siuoe he entered the Municipal Council and set its affairs to rights, but, in ether respects, long before. Purely ou his meri's, so far relatively higher than those of his brother aldermen, he has been thrice re-eleoted to tho Mayoral Chair ; and yet it is an alderman of this same Cifcy Council, and we believe a quondam political supporter of hia, who now comes forward ig hie chief political opponent. Mr. Alderman Fowler, to whom wo allude, ha^ been rushed forward, it is reported, not bo much in the interest of the Freetrado party a,a at the bohosta oi! another organization, which i3 still smarting from failure in its last attempt to oust Sir W. P. Manning from the offico of Mayor. However, on their personal merits, ao on their political recommea dations, the electors oC Phillip Division should have no difficulty iu choosing beWeen, the two pen, Mb. J. P. Garvan has been addressing the ec tors at various places in bis constituency. Ee dealt with all the leading questions o£ the day, and a vote of confidence was everywhere accorded in his favour. Fir George Dibbs declares that 'Lsnd should never be taxed except for local government; pur poses.' ' If at the outset the policy of the colony had been protectionist there would (he adde), now havo been a happy yeoman population settled ca the land.' Mb. F. B. Freehill, protectionist candidate ^ for Belmore. addres'ed a meeting on Monday evening. Mr. Freehill d-livered a lengthy and forcible ad - drefs, a°ter which he was accorded a unanimous vote of confidence. Mr. Frank Pnnnh. the nrotpctionist candidate for S!-. L'^onaid?, has been addressing meetings in his constituency. His speeches h'j.ve been well received everywhere, and hia candidature is be coming more popular every day. Mr G. FT. Read addressed a large meeting of the electors of King Division of the city on Mon day night The meeting wp.s b disorderly one, and the papers are divided as to whether a vote of confidence proposed in his favour was ccErie-? __ Mr. Frank Coffee, protectionist candidate foe Y^illougbby, addressed a meeting on Monday evening. The chair was occupied by the Mayoy of North Sydney, Mr. Coffee was listened to vary attentively, and after an address by Mr. S, D, Meaghei? supporting him, a unanimous vote o£ coh Sdence vjgs carried. Me. Copeltincl0 at Armidale on Monday last, where he got a good reception, claimed iov tho Mining on Psrivare Property Bill that ' it wss the most democratic measure ever passed through Parliament-. The Bill was a ke\? to open 40 mil lion acres of land to the miners.' Mr. W. S. Dowel, in his ccadidature for Bia gara, advocates survey before o lection, extended leaQee, village settlement, classification of land into agricultural and grazing areas for purposes of inducing settlement, the abolition of interest on selections, and tne Estate resumption o-' iflna aa joiDing towns, where Crown lands were not avail able for settlement. He is ngainit a loud tas3 and endorses the Premier's Tamworth. utterance on Drotection. At Guvra. Bern Lomond, and Llan gothlin he was greeted by enthusiastic votes of confidence. As will be S3en by a report from ous correspon dents Mr. Valentine Heatpn has been selected by the Orange Protectionist Asroeiation to repre sent that body in the Orange campaign. Mr. Heaton is a staunch protectionist, and threshed the question out and endeavoured to propagate it m a practical way long before it had a place in Par liament. That he ^ould prove a sturdy cham pion of his opiuions, it is needless to tell the electors of Orange, by whom he ia well known. In view of the election contest it is refreshing to read to character- sketch of Sir Henry Pavkee in tne latest number of fche Review oj? Reviews, by J. Tighe Evan. The croater portion of the sketch ia a panegyric oil the ex-Premier ; bat, coming to his immediate chances of power, the writer, a?teL' pointing out the divisions in the freetrc.de party, eulogizes Sir George Dibbs on the display of high qualities in difficult situa» tions, and his services to the country since bis accession to office, and draws attention to the thorough organization of the protectionist party. Parses in his manifesto declares as plainly as words can express it that ho is in favour ot two land taxes — one municipal, the other for State Treasury purposes. These are big words :—= ' In dealing with land taxation, a strange con fusion appears to distract some minds in con founding the taxing privileges conferred on municipalities with the undoubted and inherent rights of the State Government in raising revenue for general purposes. A land tax is recognized as sound by the highest authorities, and it possesses the twofold advantage of raising revenue and aw the some time assisting t- make Isnd more pro ductive for the general community.' The Hon. T. M. Slattery has been making quite a triumphal march, with the aid, apparently, of the main bedy of the electors of the Burrowa dis trict, from one end of the constituency to the other. On Saturday afternoon he arrived at Bur rowa, from Gftlong, and one oi the largest proces sions of vehicles and horsemen ever formed in the district on any political occasion met him about 7 miles out. Ihe procession comprised moBt of the leading residents of this portion of the electorate, and the greatest enthusiasm was displayed. Mr. Slattery has (spoken at Burrowa, Mnrcumburrah, and other chief centres of the electorate, and has been everywhere received with the greatest enthusiasm. He says he ' is confident of success,' as well, a£ter all this political enthusiasm, a less confident political enthusiast might be. Under the heading of ' The Richmond Heroes, and the Dissolution of Parliament,' a local, or thereabouts poet, signing himself D. R. Camp bell, sends us some stirring stanzas on the career and character ot the late- members for the Rich mond. It will be noticed that the author, fearing that the satire might in places be too scathing, haB compassionately concealed his bad words in claoDic Wreok. Wo rogret our space will only admit of a spr c:men : — Tho IIouso is closed, the work is clone, Now to their homos tho heroos run, 'Whoro anous friends impatient wait, To hoar what they have to relate ; Of mighty worts which Ilioy have dono, Of bills destroj-ed and billots won. Could ws Vtit hoax- Tom Ewinu tell How ChrcMos causo before him fell, Whon ho in o oquonco most grand A listening Sonata did command ; And proved to thorn without a doubt, That proud Sir George should be turned out, And Federation Parfees Bent in, That warrior bold and juggler teen, Who scared away the Fenian licet With old Kiamn's awful ghost I Could wo but. witness Alston's piido When Perry through tho streets shall ride j And Lismoro's he- goat bludgeon-men Shall hail their hero back again ! But rarely doth this hero speak Except to challonga Paddy Crick ; Or threaten to knock off the noso Of those who dnra a goat opposp. Could wo but sue the Nickel pla- o When Bairdie Bruce will meet h: 8 fato : When angry men will to.him say, - . ' Woe be the day when yon went away To hide yourself in aoine dark room ? ? . ? . . Whoro bold assaults presaging doom ' To progross and to thrift ware made, And yet you would not lend your aid. Wero you afraid to givo your vote, Or was it by Sir Henry bought ? Did Ewing lead you by tho nose, Aaa mato you -to whaw'erjw oliope V - ?- ? Me. D. C, Donnelly addressed the electors at Cowra on Tuesday. He advocated a State bank or a credit foncier nnd federation on strict Aus tralion »nd democratic 1 nes. As soon as a Local Government Bill was passed, he considered that there would be sufficient taxes on tbe land, and that incomes should be tased. A vote ot confidence in liia favour v?i\a carried unanimously. k cosuespondent writing From Moruya, July 1, Eoyn :— ?'? The political atmosphere here ia being very much agitated by an old correspondent oi! the Freeman — Mr. J.'T. Brogan, of Tamwortb, who is putting up for this electorate. Mr. JSrogan, during the last 10 yparp, has been almost con tinually ou the movo and haa travelled over the greater part of New South Wales. He has befn on many of tbe principal goldfields of tbe colony and haa acquired a thcr ,ugh practical knowkd^e o£ tbe laud and mining questions, snd conse quently of rbe grievances und* r which the miners and ei tilers are living, Mr. Brogan was in com munication v?irh tbe Royal Commisiion appointed by the Stuart Government to irquire into the Land Question, and it was on hia suggestions that many of! the reforms of the Land Act of '8d- were introduc d. He was one of the delegates at the late mining conference held in Sidney, and many of: the amendments relating to the Joining on Psivate Lands Bill which he propesid at thia conference are now incorporated in that measure. His opponentQj from at first affecting to despise his chances of a re'urn, are now beginning to recogDiKj that J. T. Brogan has much more than aa outeide show.' 