} IN THE CAB. "He aUers was queer, Del was,” The observation was given without so licitation. Jerome Bonuer was not the man to wait for an invitation to express his opinion. His long habit of sitting on . the box with his hand on the throttle ready to “pull her. open” did not iuflu • race him in conversation. Only in the cab, with the schedule before him, was he amenable to signal. There ho was trusted. The superintendent considered him the safest engineer on the road. When he took a train out, the dis . patch or breathed easily, for there were come daredevil engineers in'the employ of that company. They would rattle a train around curves and shoot down grades with the greatest disregard for the passengers' comfort and fears. There were men who delighted in the shrieks of the whistle. How they would laugh when echo was frightened and’sereamed back the strident voice of the engine. There were many such men in the pay of the Kane and Carney railroad, hut ' Jerome Bonner was not ono of them, nor was Delehanty. He was a fireman and bad been on the road two years when the wreck occurred on Kane hill. It was the memory of the wreck that led Jerome Bonner to remark to a passenger about Delehanty’s eccentricities. | A little group had surrounded Jerome at the water tank and signal station on Kane hill, where a danger flag had pulled up the train. The conductor was up stairs waiting for orders. There was a wreck above—some coal cars on the track—and there was a prospect of a long delay. Jerome had got out of the cab and was silting in the sun on ono of the ground timbers of the tank trestle. The fireman had made himself comfort able on his box and with feet sticking out of the window was taking a snooze. The engine snorted occasionally as if impatient. Most of the passengers wero \- wandering about aimlessly, some chat ting, others looking in the bush for ber ries of the wintergreen, and all were bo . ginning to fret. Even those around Jerome wero hoping he would take mat ters in his own hands and run the train over the hill. He, however, attracted their attention when to one of them he spoke the words of the opening sentence. , “Tell us about him, won’t you, please?” asked a mite of a woman, an excursion ist. “Oh, do, if it is a story. I am so tired of this stupid wait,” said her companion, not an overlarge woman herself and ap parently blase. ■ “ 'Fraid Delehanty won’t int’rest you ladies much. Ho was a commonplace man, but popylar—mighty popylar with the boys, ’spite er his queerness.” "Then do tell us about him.” “Waal, he ahd me courted the same gnrl, Susan Briggs, a black eyed gurl aa ever you see and purty, no mistake. And mebbe that’s why I thought Del queer actin, and mebbe he’d the same ’pinion uv me. Sence then I have alters not iced that men in lnv with the same gurl see each other ’bout as a delirium tremens subjec’ sees snakes. Costy, try them gauges.” Costy, the fireman, awoke out of hia snooze and tried the gauges. The en gine was not supplied with an injector, and Jerome was desirous of knowing the depth of water in the boilers. If it was low he would have to run the engine up the track to “pump up,” and that would interrupt the story. “Two and a half,” called Costy, and fixed himself on the box again, while, \- satisfied with the report, Jerome resumed his story. • “I was on the road, and Del wanted work, but there was no job for him. He wanted to fire. Ono day Jim Morgan got sick, and when I went to the round house the next mornin there war Dele faanty in bran new overalls rubbin the brass on No. 12.' No. 12 was my engine. I nodded to him and then hunted up the ■ foreman of the roundhouse. ‘Del’s goin but with you this trip. Jim Morgan’s too sick!’ There was no help fin: it, so I went back, jumped into the cab and run her out into the . yard. Del looked up from the handrail on the boiler with a kind uv hurt look on his face. "The firemen usually bring out the en gine. Lettin him do it was a way of sayin he could be trusted to run an en gine. Del .kept on rubbin the rod and makin it shine as I backed down and coupled. I mind lookinathiin. He was between me and the track, and I had to look outer the side winder. He wjis big, and I knowed things were not right be tween us, and 1 said nothin. He seemed hankerin fur a fight. Minute we cou pled Del came in through his winder, throwed the waste in the box and jerked open the door of the firebox. Jisi; then the gong rung, and I give 12 the steam. Del shoved in some coal, and as we got . Under headway he came to my side of the cab and stood between it and the lender. 1 “I knowed what be come fur, and it \- made me mad. Susan Briggs lived jiat at the edge uv the town and was allera but fur my train, and Del knowed it. So he wur goin to let her see him on the same cab with me. and in overalls. 1 war so dura mad I jist looked straight ahead, while he nodded and laughed at Susan, aud she nodded and laughed ar him. He looked back till we got round the curve and then wentgrinniu to Ills box. Tarnation! I wur so mad 1 could scarcely see the track, and 1 run like txuj. “Del and me didn’t talk mnch on that trip. When 12 wur in the roundhouse agin, I went right off, but Del hung ’round, polishin and flxin up. I felt I wur in for it and made up my mind Susan would have to settle which she would have mighty quick. If she took Del, all right. But she had to come to the point. But, Lord!" and here Jerome glanced at the lady passengers, “I could allers run an engine, but manage a wom an wur more than I could do. ' “The long and short uv it was that Del and rue run on 12 for about two year, and Susan would not make up her Blind. Del and me wur good friends, so far as the world knowed, but we wur far apart in our hearts. “We never had a wheel off before the night when Del pulled 12 through on Kane hill. “We had stepped at the tank fur wa ter. Del wur at the spout, and I wur leanin out, looking , back fur his signal. Susan had been sort of preferrin mo nv late, and I wur feelin good. Del wur sulky and stood with his head down, waitin fur the tank to fill. “Men will1'think the truth if they don’t speak it, and lookin at Del I says to meself, ‘He’s a liner lookin feller than you, Jerome Bonner, and Susan Briggs knows it.’ I shut off the safety valve. The steam had been blowin off and makin a good deal of noise. The moon light made it. very ghostly, and once in awhile I looked np at it. When it were shut off, there rose a rumble out uv the stillness that reached Del quick as it did me. We both looked up the hill, and there, roundin the curve, wur a shad der. We knowed at once it wur a run away train comin down on ns. Waal, runaway trains with nobody on them had happened before, and we knowed what to do. “ ‘Cut her loose, Del,’ I yelled. “He dropped on the platform and call ed: “ ‘Back a little.’ “I reversed 12 and eased the link. “ ‘Go ahead,’ he yelled. “And as 1 opened the throttle I heard the link drop against the drawbar. We wur free; 12 wur loose, a-goin to meet tbe train smasliiu down on her. I patted the iron gurl, fur I wuz fond uv her. and she went up the hill as a bird, and I, for gettto all about Del, stooped over to lock the door uv the firebox. “A great big hand grabbed me by tbe throat, and looking up over ihy shouldor I saw Del. His faco was as black as mid night when there’s no moon, and in his right hand he had a coupliu pin. “ ‘Yer have got to jump, Jerome Bon ner,’ he said. . “ ‘Let go nv me,’ I managed to say, while 1 hung ou to the reverse lever. “ T won’t. Yer have got to jump and I’ll pull 12 through.’ “He loosed his grip on my throat. “ ‘Do you want to make me talked’uv as a coward?! 1 asked. “We botli of ■ us could hear the train gettin closer. ... “ ‘Jerome, if you jump you’ll save me from bein a murderer. If you don’t get out of my reach, I’ll kill you and take my chances uv gettin through all right. Then I’ll marry Susan Briggs. Quick— make up your mind. Promise me you’ll jump, er I’ll kill yer, aud I don’t want ter he yer murderer—and if I-die in the bump you will be alive to marry Susan. She likes you best and me next. Jump!’ “He pulled me 'off the box and shoved me across the cab. The train was leapin on ns. One more second, and all would he over mebbe. Del was still behind me holdin the pin up ready to strike, , aud 1 knew he would. He wur strong, and I had to go. Out' I wont, and I landed safe. No. 12 met the train plucky and stopped it dead. The cars piled all : over her and buried the cab. Just be fore she struck Del throwed the safety valve open and shut her off. Then he stood stilL “He wur knocked part through the window when the bumb came, and I found him there. I felt like a snealdu coward. Del had pretended he would kill me jist to get me off the engine, and there he wur dead and me livin. My mouth wur shut to the world, but 1 went home to Snsan and told her how Del had died for her. ‘He believed you liked me best, Susan, and if I got killed you would feel awful bad, so he jest drove mo off 12 with a couplin pin, and then stood by i her.’ “The tears came into Susan’s eyes, and she wiped them ou her apron. I wur * holdin her hand, and she took it away i I liked her fur weepin and lettin go uv ! me. If she hadn’t, I’d a-turned agin hnr. Feelin that she’d like to he alone, I went away. “I met her at Del’s funeral. She wur quiet and sad, and I only nodded to her. The people all wondered’bout my jump in and thought me a coward, but nobody dared say so. Susan knowed I wum’t, and I didn’t care what the other people thought. “I didn’t say nothin to Susan about gettin married fur about six months after Delelianty wur buried, and when 1 spoke uv it at hist she made up her mind. “ ‘Jerome,’ she said, ‘I allers believed I liked you better’ll Del, but ever since he died I’ve felt like his widder, and I know you ain’t courtin me that wav.’ “And 1 wum’t. So I left her, and 1 ain’t made up my mind yet to court her as Deleliauty’s widder, but I am wisliin all the time that Del wur livin aud I wur dead. Then mebbe Snsan would bo my widder. “Ladies,”, said Jerome as he arose from the beam, “would you like to ride on the engine? 1 am goto to run np the hill to pump water into the boiler, and I’ll show you where Delehanty died.” The lady travelers accepted the invita tion. Jerome gallantly helped them in the cab and started the engine up the hill.—Alfred L. King in New York Dis I patch. Method Its Her Request. Little Girl (ready lor bed)—Mamma* will you tell me a ghost story? Mamina-—\v hat! ~ A ghost story now dear? . Little Girl—Yes, mamma. I want W get awfully scared so that I can sleep winr yon.—Texas Siftings. Certainly the best medicine known is Sander and Sons’ Eucalypti Extract Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds,nnfluenzi— the relief is instuutane oils... In serious cases, and nccideuts of all kit ds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, is the safest remedy—no swelling, lio infiaimtion. Like surprising | effects' produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, ' swelling, etc.; diarrhoea dysentry, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hospital and medical clinics all over he globe; patronised by His Majesty the King of Italy, aud crowned with medals and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved*, article and reject all others.—[Amr* | . 