THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XIII. " WHAT LOSE WAS EVEtt AS DEEP AS A GBAVE ?" The fatigue that Sibyl had gone through since nightfall had made no impression upon her physical being, or no impression of which her mind was conscious. If her limbs ached with the tramping to and fro and up and down over the rough ground by the cliff ehs had no consciousness of her pain. Her mentalsufteriDg, her keen anxieties, her grief and horror at the deed that had been done, left no room in her consciousness for the sensation of bodily pain. She walked up and down her bedroom, and in and out to her baloany, in the growing light of a glowing dawn, and although all that is most comfortable in the way of bed, sola, and easy chairs offered a sybarite rest, she had no inclination to fling down that weary form into any of these cushioned nests which stood ready to receive her. Sometime* she. walked to and fro with automatic monotony; sometimes she went hurriedly out to the balcony* and stood looking at the sea and the sky. A wild sky, a rough tea, a livid dawn that heralded * tempestuous day 1 And she had driven him oat into the storm; she had urged him to aat agaiBBB his own judgment, which would hare bidden him stand bis ground. Wm it wine, wasit well? Now thai the act was irrevocable—now that the shattered door told it* story of prison breaking and ignominious flight, she asked herself that question with maddening iteration. Ignominious fligiit. Tea, that was the word. The man who flies from the face of justice must needs submit to the ignominy •hat attaches to all flight. Innocence should st^ad fipn, (tod wait the worst that fate could fo doubt that was the idealist's view of the •itaatioB. But then came the thought of B^ern reality—the possible conviction—the passible gallows—the insoruitoble perversity of fate which sometimes dooms on innocent man to a disgraceful death, all far want of some littleofoe to thread that labyrinth of circumstantial evidence and get at the core of truth hidden somewhere in the midst of it. Guilt- less men have been hanged, even in this present century of enlightened legislation, and to the end of time there will always be that oruelposaibility at inhopenoe paying the penalty "^iSfthe whofo therefore, Sibyl was thankful that she had helped to get Brandon Mountford out of the chiioh of the law. For the time being he might suffer in honour and reputation hy that escape; he might have to exist under a heavy oloud—an exile in some distant country, living under a false name, est off from all the friends and associations of hisyoatb. the-years to oome the clue totbe mfitSy might be found, and the wrong '"'^tVhp oouldfjjave done it!" Sibyl asked her •elf; with her hinds strained tightly upon hei .forehead, as if she wanted to wring dome sudden- inspiration out of her own tired brain. " Wfcp could have do»e it t" she asked, and then told herself despairingly, "I feel as if all the thinking power we're g6ne out of my mind. I »" imagine no one who would do rostfafleed. Everybody liked her. She had B& enemy. It could only have been some ruffian'with the wild beast's thirst for blood— some madman." 'A'madman, ypa 1" Sibyl turned sick with agony as she remetnembered 'what Brandon Mountford had fold her ab«at »ha*insorulable dLreasa whioh pan ohange lanity to m^dpegs, the sudden ulouduur over of the brain, the maniac'* impulse toward* evil. \- *'Qh, if it ww> h«j, after alL If xny conviction of his innooenoe should be a mere dehunoa, bom 9t my love for him' Well"— after »pan*e, " if it isjw I am |ha mors thankful that ha is free. My poor, affiiotedlove, marfeedoutbyfateto Ix^rso cruela burden. ' Who would not help you to escape?" ' And then oame a still more appalling thought. If he had done this thing; if his imeepickw hand had taken Marie Arnold's lUs, wjjo eould say whether this first {pirns flight not be the beginning of a series of murder* ? The impulse having onoe arisen, might reour, and this roan—the mas ahe adjured and loved, , the man of high birth and tle breeding, imght jaeoome a scourge and a Cror to hiB fellow-men; a wretch whose death or whose lile-loug imprisonment would be required for the safety of others. She flung herself upon her bed ~aud hid her {ace from the daylight, awe-strickeif at the horror her own thoughts had conjured up. The wind pferpfced and howled in the chimney, and there -Wfs something hideously human i]i*thfcilMiwL Ona gost more violent than the test-ebemed : to shake even those solid walls. There was dreadful silence in the house (list morning when Sibyl awoke from a sleep of sheer exhaustion. She was lying on the bed, still wearing the black gown in whioh she had walked to %nd fro with all the dust and f&alk; of the road and the cliff upon it, but careful hands had spread a down ooverlet over fear, md the morning cpp of tea which she generally took at 7oo1ook was on the little IWU by her showing that the faithful Swriby had been watching her slumbers. The window she had left open was shut, and the closed Venetians darkened the room. Sibyl sprang up from the bed, and ran to look at theclook on the mantelpiece. A quarter to 11. How long, how heavily she had slept—a dreamless sleep, unshadowed by any con«oiou»ne«i of the oares that made waking so terrible. The wind had been raging 'when she last looked at sky and sea. The wae calm enough now when she opened Sshatters and looked seaward; a dull grey sky; but the waves were rising and falling with a slow and sullen violenoe, and the livid pttehe^ pf foam showed here and there upon the leaden-ooloorad expanse. She rang heir bell and Ferriby came bustling in. ' , •'Oh. how tired yon must have "been, Mjbs ^regular dead beat, to fall asleep ip your slothes, and sleep from 12 o'olook to close upon 11—all but twelve hours. Tou, too, such a light sleeper. - I've got your bath ready; but Ut me fetth you a fiedi oup of tea first. Tou can't drink that stuff," pointing to the psKleated cop. "It's stoneoold." Never mind the tea. Tec, I was very tired; my bones an still aching." ''And I don't wpnder at it; Miss. Dear, Ah, dear, what times we're living in! Suoh storm last night! We shall bear of ever so many boats lost before dark, Hampton says." Apd then Ferriby related how Mr. Mount' fend had broken out of Kllerslie look-up in the .midst pf the #torm, a proceeding to which she evidently attached an idea of Satanic power, as it he-must at least have had help from the eons of darkness; and how the hue and ory had been raised, and the country was being searched far and near, and the telegraph wires at Ellerslie Fust-offiee were working as they had never worked before. T-.?! And*ll loan say is I hope they won't find Jrim," oonelnded Ferriby. " Ha w»j thenioest gentleman that ever oame into thip house—^and if he did murder that poor young lady in a fit of m&dneia;—as they say he did—why, it was his affliction and not bis fault." "Who says that he murdered her V .. "Will, Miss, everybody thinks be did it, »imd madness would,be his only excuee. Not that therewas anything like madness in his ways. Thomas, who always waited upon him, says there was never a politer, quieter gentleman. None of your swearing or flying out at -a-servant for. nothing. He bad rather a -nervous manner sometimes. Thomas says a little absent-minded, but never no violenoe— nothing that looked like being out of his mind. Poor Brandon! To be disoussed and anatomised in the servant's hall, to have fallen so 40w l..the.ialk-of ,the_ village .ion.,hunted by fnluemtn, his description telegraphed from place to place. It was nearly 1 o'clock when Sibyl went downstairs, white as a ghost, in her black gown, and wandered aimlessly about the house, almost wondering not to see Marie's bright face in any of the rooms. This dread mystery of de&oh; was so difficult to realize even now after all she had suffered within the latt day and a half. The shook, the horror of the murder were ever present in her mind, but she bad not yet realizedthe for ever, the oruel fact of death, the vanishing for ever of one \- familiar face, the eternal dumbness of the . vol(56 that had so lately been part of her home -and of her life. Never more to see Marie Arnold, the companion of all her girlish years, the happy years in which there had been no shadow of care. Now life seemed all care, and dread, and difficulty. It needed all her stoicism to visit the room where the dead girl was lying—that room now so quiet, and pure, and peaceful—yesterday defiled by the muddy boots of the coroner'e Jury, filled with mutterinpts and whisperings about the hideous circumstances of her death. Not a trace of those rough visitors remained to-day. The white curtained bed rose pale in the dim light that crept through the closely fastened Venetians, and the coverlet was almost hidden under whte Sowers—azaleas, liUeB, all the moBt precious blooms that the hothouses of Elllerslie could supply. Sir Joseph's own trembling lips bad given the order. "Be sure there are plenty of flowers. She was so fond of flowers." " You'd like to see her, wouldn't you, Miss ?" asked Ferriby, when her mistress was Like! No it could not be a question of liking. Every nerve of Sibyl's being con tracted with pain at the thought. Like, no. But> it was her duty, perhaps—a duty she owed to the dead, to stand for a little while by that placid form, whichcould never more rise up and holdout loving arms towards the adopted sister. It might seem cold- hearted, selfabsorbed, to keep aloof from that awful room, where the great mystery offered its solemn question to Christian and philosopher alike. After this, what ? Or is this, indeed, the Ferriby's tone implied that her mistress ought toloak'upon the dead, and Sibyl wanted to do what was right. She wanted all the household to know how truly she had loved Marie Arnold. She went to the door of the room—that room which she U9ed to enter so gaily a dozen times a day—to show Marie this or that, books, flowers, finery, to ask questions, to tell little scraps of girlish newe, to discuss an idea, any sudden fancy that had flashed into her brain. Marie had been the only close companion of those impressionable years—the years which change the child into the woman. An upper housemaid opened the door at Sibyl's light knock, and the cool darkness of the room, the perfume of lilies of the valley, suggested a chapel in some southern land. Sibyl looked fearfully towards the white bed. Yes, there was that rigid outline under the snowy sheet. That which she bad seen and shuddered at in painting and sculpture, but which her eyes had never looked upon till now in its terrible reality. Slowly and with noiseless footsteps she approached the bed, but when the housemaid put out her hand to raise the linen sheet which lay so lightly over that marble form Sibyl stopped her with a low, faint ory. "No, no, no. Let me remember her as I knew her—not like this." She sank on her knees at the foot of the bed, covered her faoe with her hands and thought a prayer—a prayer for the repose of that p$ssion^te soul—such a prayer as the Angliaan Church forbids, but whioh instinct prompts whenever the living look upon the dead. She prayed for the peace of the dead, and prayed still more fervently for that unhappy fugitive whose life was dishonoured by this untimely death, who, guilty or innocent, had to bear the shadow of crime. Her eyes were drowned in tears when she rose from her knees and took one of those fairy-like blooms from the shower of lilies whiph had been scattered over the sheet, and with this poor little flower in her hand she stole softly from the room where the middle-aged housemaid sat by an open window reading her Bible by the flickering light that filtered through the Venetian shutters. For the housemaid, pious, middle-aged, and a confirmed spinster, there was a dismal relish in this quiet guardianship of the dead. To sit in a pool, flower- scented room, and read the Messianio Prophets in the spirit of unquestioning faith thatseeketh not to understand what it readeth, was better than to overlook house- work, and pry into those dusty comers which the pert young pink-frocked housemaid is so apt to neglect. The upper housemaid felt the importance of her charge, most of all when Sir Joseph sat groaning or sobbing beside the bed, as hehad done in the dead of the night, when those passionate tears of his had startled the watoher from a profound slumber. She felt that she was being admitted to the family secrets, that her situation, always a good one, was plaoed op a higher footing henceforward. The door dosed upon the chamber of death, but scaroely had Sibyl crossed the threshold when she met Hubert Urquhart in the corridor, where, even in the dim light from the shrouded windowB, she could see how pals and worn be was. Are you going to look your last upon poor Mane?" she asked. "No, no; I never look on the dead. I shouldn't like to confess as much to a-sportsman, but even the sight of a dead stag harrows me. It suggests what I must pome to, sooner or later.' I was on my way to your boudoir." You have news—ff him ?" Yes, there is news—of a sor$. I want a few minutes 1 quiet talk with you, Sibyl—I mayoall you by that name, mayJ.not? All we went through together last night gives me a kind of claim, doesn't it ?" What does it matter ?" she exclaimed, impatiently. *' If you have anything to tell me, don't keep it baok. If it is bad news I would rather hear the worst at onoe." She looked pale to fainting, and he thought she would drop at his feet. He put his arm round her to steady her, and drew her gently towards an old-fashioned settee, which Btood against the wall under a large picture by Snyders, which represented the crisis in the life of a hunted boar, whose ultimate fate nobody had ever troubled to enquire into. Boar, hounds, landscape, had all meowed to a dead level of brown varnish and blue mould. " She thinks only of him; cares only about him," thought Urquhart, as he seated himself I by Sibyl's u.'L.r. side,with MJB mfU his liin arm Drm still •trll annVMirhna supporting her. It galled him to see that she took no more notioe of his arm than if it had been her old nurse's. " You have bad news?' 1 ehe said agitatedly. He has been followed—arrested?" Ahu, if the worst has happened, it is even worse than that." "Oh, God, oh, God, have meroy upon me! What oould be worse—except bis death?" " Ah, Sibyl, that is the point. I am so sorry for you—so sorry that this man's fate should have such power to afflict yon. This man—a stranger here a few weeks ago" " Don't talk like that, 1 ' she cried imperiously. " I love him I That is enough for you to know. I am not ashamed of my love. What has happened to him? For God's sake speak." ... She clutched the lapel of his coat, looking at him with wild, despairing eyes ; startling him with the vehemence of her feelings." " Can you bear to hear what I must say, if I have to tell you my woist fear?" "I must bear ?t. Nothing can be worse than this torture." " My poor Sibyl! There was .a gale last night after the smack sailed—a gale from the south-east, blowing dead on our coast yonder. They were to put him ashore in the early morning, and to oome back to Ardliston with the news that all was safe. X was down at the village an hour ago, and the men had not come baok. There was no pews of the Mary Jane," "They may have gone farther along the ooast." v , . , " Hardly with such a wind in tbsir tyfetb. The storm was short and sharp, but murderous while it lasted. There is a feeling of apprehension in the village. I saw the skipper s wife. She flew at me like a tigresa—told me that if her husband and his boy were lost it was my doing. My cursed money which bad tempted him to take his boat out on such a night." " What!" cried Sibyl; " was it a dangerous night ? Did you know that there was the risk of the boat being lost? Oh, if you did know that, what a wretch you ere ! Luring him to his death, under the pretenoe of saving him from the gallows—over persuading him against his own reason—and I helped you!" "This is sheer madness," said Urquhart rising indignantly, and moving away from her. " Ifryon take the thing- in this spirit I oan say no more. You knew as much about the night as I could know. You heard the wind rising, as I heard it. But neither you nor I could know that there wae to be a sharp squall after daylight. You knew what I knew of Mountford's peril, and that to stay where be was might mean a disgraceful death." "And to escape a possibility he has flung away his life," said Sibyl, despairingly, "Well, we have helped bim to some purpose We have done him a good turn between us If ttfe boat is lost, and bis life with it, you and I are his murderers !" " It is folly to talk like this—absolute folly, Urquhart answered savagely. " If he i drowned—well, it is a better death for a gen tleman than being put out of this world by the common hangman. And, after all, be was nothing to yon — not even your affianced husband—yet you have hazarded your good name for him, and now you are endangering your reason." She looked at him with a puzzled, semi-con scious expression, as if she hardly heard him or heard without understanding. What is the woman's name she asked. What woman V The woman whose husband owned the boat that is lost ?" Or that may be lost There is nothing certain yet.- The woman's, name ia Kettering." ' Where does she live ? In the lane at the back of the Fisherman's Best. What are you going to do !" as Sibyl went t jwards the staircase. ^ I am going to Mrs. Kettering." What madness. You will make yourself the talk of the village." "I am going to see Mrs. Kettering. The boat may have come baok, perhapB. There may be good news for me at the village." " What will your father think ?" c n s "He will not mind. He believes in Brandon's innocence as firmly as I do." " He will change his mind, perhaps, when he hears that Brandon haB run away," muttered Urquhart, walking up and down the gallery after Sibyl had left him. He did not pace that long gallery from end to end, but turned at about two- thirds of its length, giving a wide berth to the door at the east end, that door which closed Marie Arnold's room. Maiie's room—how soon it would oease to belong to her—how soon that strong personality would have passed out of the daily life of KUf-rslie House—leaving to Urquhart's mind at least—a blank which none could fill. . There was no good news m the little seacoast village, not a whisper fcf hope to be hoard in all the length and breath of the long, irregular street straggling along the cliff road. Sibyl found the little lane behind the Fisherman's Rest—a lane of about a dozen stone cottagns—full of sad faces and weeping women. The Mary Jane with her crew of five had gone to the bottom—all hands on board—and there was scarcely one of those rough' stone ooctages whoso inmates were not weeping for kinsman or husband, sweetheart or friend. The intermarriages of the small rustic community had interwoven the whole village in the ties of kindred. There could hardly be a death at Ardliston whioh would not justify all the inhabitants in putting on mourning, wheSnc ir. arose that rusty black was the chief we* from on* end of the village to the other. Three family names prevailed along the straggling street, and if people were not Ketterings, they must needs he Heesles or Garfortb?, while Garforthe, Resales, and Kettering* were all allied by cousinship. Thus it wa3 that the weeping for the loss of the Mary Jane filled the air in the narrow lane behind the Fisherman's Rest, and dishevelled women sat on the rugged stone steps leading up to coinage doors, while little groups clustered at' the corners talking of the catastrophe, the faot of which nj OQS doubted. Alas! there seemed no room for doubt, sinoe fragments of the Mary Jane had been waehed ashore near one of the most dangerous rocks on that rockbound coast, and it was clear the ill-fated boat had been blown on to the iron jaws of that rugged point—which the fishermen's wives all knew and had heard of as a devouring monster —and had been split into matchwood. Some among those old time-honoured boats in the little fisher fleet that sailed out so gaily from Ardliston in fair weather needed no gigantio forceB of Nature to pound them into rottenness and ruin. The Mary Jane had been renowned as a swift sailer, and had come off with flying colours in many a fisherman's race at the annual regatta ; but age will tell, and the Mary Jane was older than her owner had ever cared to remember. Well, she had gone. "She'd have lasted out our lives if my good man hadn't flown in the face of Providence to please them at the great bouse—them that should have known better, "sobbed the widow, sitting distractedly in the midst of a sympathizinggroup, while her little children played in a corner of the room, and the latest baby—latest in a family where there seemed at least three babies—slept peacefully in the oloset bed, & bed built into the wall, and capable of being enclosed with a sliding shutter. The widow started to her feet at sight of Sibyl, and pushed back the loone hair that had fallen over her eyes with angry hands, almost as if she would have plucked it out by the roots. "Ob, it's you. Miss Higginson," ehe cried. " I wonder you've got the cheek to come and look at me and my chiider—you that bave made those babies orphans and me a desolate miserable woman—all along of trying to save your sweetheart's life. His life! What was his life worch agen my poor Jack's—Jack as had wife and chiider to yrork for—Jack as never did wrong to man or beast in his life— drowned trying to save your sweetheart—a murderer—that ought to have been hung. Oh, it'swioked, that's what it is. God Almighty didn't ought to let such things be. He didn't ought—but there, the world's too full of people now for God Almighty to care as he did for the Israelites when there was only a sprinkling over the faoe of the earth. It's a wicked world, and you are a wicked girl, Sibyl Higginson, to have tempted my Jack to risk his life with your cursed money." "Come, come, Mrs. Kettering," urged a motherly voice, " you've no call to fly at Miss Higginson, who's always been your true friend." My true friend, yes, till last night; but my bitter enemy for ever and ever after last nipht." Now, Susan, you know you was all in favour of Jack's taking the ]ob, He told you there'd be dirty weather, but you were all for making the best of it. You was, now; you mutt remember that." Susan Kettering threw up her arms and beat her careworn forehead savagely with her clenohed fists. "Remember, oh, God! I remember. It was to earn bread for the bairns. It was to earn more than a year's rent. What mother wouldn't have been eager to earn twenty pound by one night's work? Ob, God, oh, God, what a black and bitter night's work for me and mine. And it was your doing, Miss Higginson; it was all yoar doing." "Susan Kettering," remonstrated the woman who had spoken before, "you mustn't go on like this. There ain't no justice in it." "Oh, let her talk," said Sibyl, standing on the threshold leaning against the doorpost with white face and dry ' haggard eyes, "fat her talk, poor souL But is it a sure thing that the boat has gone down ?" she asked, appealing to the women generally, " Is there no hope ?" "No, Miss, there ain't no hope, there's been enough rotten timber washed ashore to show that the Mary Jane was mashed up in that heavy sea. But it's no fault o' yourn. Miss Higginson, and if Susan weren't mad with grief she'd never say suoh things." "No hope!" murmured Sibyl with quivering lips. No hope for the grief-stricken wife and these fatherless ohildren—but what of him for whom that fated boat had gone qut to sea? He might have been landed safely before that worst hour in which the Miry Jane was blown upon the rocks. All was uncertain yet as to his fate; and her pity for this mourner with the angry bloodshot eyes and wild hair and distraoted movements of clenoheti hands and writhing arms was made keener by the thought that Brandon Mountford might be safe on shore. Was it far from here that the boat was wrecked ?" she asked the elderly woman who had spoken last. " Yes, Miss, half q, dozen miles or more, if she went ashore where they all think she did— on the Hnrraby rocks. It's a bad place, that is. There's been many a wreck there within the memory of the old people hereabouts." "Six miles further north," mused Sibyl, that would be near Allan Bay." Yes, Miss, this side the bay, a mile nearer home." "And Allan Bay would hsve been a safe place to land any one out of the boat ?" "Safe enough if they cnuld have run along shore in suoh a wind—but the Lord knowB if theyconld. It was a wicked wind." " What time was the gale at its worst ?" "Between 6 and 7, Miss." Yes, she remembered looking at the olook on her mantelpiece while the howling shrieking blast was loudest, when the Venetian shutters were rattling as if they would be torn from their fastenings, and the solid windowframes had shaksn, and the massive stone chimney had seamod to vibrate and tremble above the roof. Past 6—and Brandon had gone on board the Mary Jane before 3 o'clock. There would have been time to land him at Allan Bay, and more than time under any reasonable conditions of wind and sea—but who oan reckon tine when the frail boat has to fight every inoh of progress—when all the forces of Nature are set against the frail ockleshell i»which humble humanity tempts the sea. Still there was hope—hope for her, though two of the Mary Jane's rotten timbers held together. She bent over the weeping widow, gently touched the coarse dishevelled hair with slender delicate fingers, and gently stroked the burning forehead, lined and rugged with tbe premature wrinkles that come of toil and care, hard weather and a hard life. "I am deeply, deeply sorry for you, my poor friend, and you may be sure I will take care of you and these poor children always— always." "Sorry for me?" cried the widow, starting up and violently repelling the geutle hand, " who wants your sorrow ? Who wants your care ? Do you think I'd take another sixpence of your money—the money that bought my good man's life. You and vour fither think money can buy anything- What are we but youralavet? And we go about saying how good you are—you chat have got everything, while we have to toil for our daily bread in the pit or on the eea—danger and darkness both—it don't much matter which, there's always death waiting round tbe corner for us—while you sit at home and take your ease, and think there's nothing on this earth that's too good for you. And cow, to save your sweetheart —a madman and s murderer—my honest, truehearted husband has gone to the bottom of the sea" "Hush, now, Susan, you musn't take on like this, it ain't fair," remonstrated the elder woman, and there was a murmured chorus of remonstrance from the others. >5 ' 1 Don't mind her, Miss, she's right down mad," said one. "It's a shame to go on at you that has always been so good to us. She'll bej sorry enough for what ehe haB said when she comes to her right senses." " I shall be sorry for her all the days of. my life," Sibyl answered, sadly. " Let me apeak to you a minute outside, Mrs. Garforth," she added in a lower voice, and with a significant look at the widow's elderly kinswoman. Mrs. Garforth followed quickly to the door. " Don't take any money from her," screamed Susan Kettering- " Not one penny of her cursed money. It's cost me my hus- band. Not a dirty penny—not" Her voioe rose to a scream, and then there came a burst of hysterical laughter as she flung herself violently on tbe bed, where the baby woke, looked about for a moment or two with scared eyes, and anon set up a piteous howl. Two other babies took up the note and wailed in sympathy an infantile pandemonium. "Oh, Miss, it's too bad of her,"said Mrs Garforth, when she and Sibyl had walked i few paoes along tbe lane and were out of hearing of ehe tempest inside the cottage, but she ain't in her right mind. And you looking so ill, too," she added, noting the girl's ashen oheeks and hollojv eyes, "and suoh trouble up at the great Jpuse." " Yes, trouble has oome upon us—terrible trouble. I never knew what it meant till sow. I have never been half sorry enough for others." "Don't say that, .Miss. You've always been kind to us. None that was in trouble or sickness ever went to Ellerslie for help in vain. Poor Susan has no call to blame vuu for her loss. Jack w»e asked to undertake a riBky job, and he was offered a good price fnr it, and hn could say ' yes' or ' no.' She urged him to say ' yes,' and that's what makes her heart so Bure, poor cieature." "Did they think there was a risk, last night, before the boat went out?" " Lor, yes, dear lady. Their, as know the coast ltnowed as there was a gale coming-" " And he knew— Mr. Urqhuart! He must have known." "Well, Miss, lie's a landBman, you see, though he's bound to know the coist, seeing Dunluoe Castle ain't far off. But o' course he wanted to get your sweetheart away—whan a man's in danger of bein' tried for bis life, and there's only one road by which he can get away, folks can't be too partikler about the weather along that ere road." "You mustn't talk of Mr. Mountford as my sweetheart, Mrs. Garforth. He was nothing to me but a friend — a very dear friend." What, wasn't you and him keeping companv. Miss':" "No, no." " Ah, people hereabouts is good 'una to talk. They'd all have it as you and him was sweethearts, and you was a'moet out of your mind about him last night—like poor Susan to-day about her Jack, aud that you was at the lockup with him. Martha Uessle said ahe and Susan saw you there parting with hizp just afore he went off to the boat with Mr. Urquhart" " Let them talk,"Sibyl interrupted haughtily. " This unhappy gentleman is a relation of ray mother's—we are distant cousins. I know he is innocent, know it by my own instinct, you understand, and my father believes in him as firmly as I do. I should have been a cowardly wretch if I had not helped Mr. Urquhart to get him out of prison before more injustice was done. All I could do was to help with money, ^hich my father gave me freely. You can't suppose I Aare what these people think." She was beginning to feel the sting of public ingratitude. She had been very kind to these people — though Ardliston lay beyond the immediate surrounding* of her home. She had gone out of her way to be kind to them and had believed herself belpved by them. I must go home," she said, drying the tears that started and stung her burning eyeballs every now and then in spite of that proud spirit of here, which made her strong to bear calamity. " I want to help Mrs. Kettering and her children as much as 1 oan. Will you look after them for me, Mrs. Garforth,and see that they want for nothing? ff you can come to Ellerslie House this afternoon I'll give you some money to keep in hand for them, and I'll tell you what I want done in the future. If the father risked his life, and lost it, for my kinsman's sake, those children ought to be my care till they are old enough to care for themselves." "You're a noble-hearted young lady, and by-aud-by, when she's calmed down a bit, Susan will be as grateful to you as I am now for her sake." 