L O O K I N G B A C K W A R D ftisfi' • • i>:'.•• ; * ^toSO^Wt ^ jVJetdrt^ during 1893—Tha ffiquaxrial Haftptnlnfes cf the past Year— Ttw PwSfiw ~kof -Mfrifnj& Agriculture, Pwtoral Pursuit* and ^ManufacturM-* btfati Wth the ReprewirtitlVM Ot A^mlTO Stap&* Pw*ult»—"A|rtco»a r ®n" Mew Methods' of Fwmlni — Th * *4eonemi«L" UfBn on the Flnancla* Condition the P*ovlno# — The Reoord mf ttettowe- ... -..;{. • :r • (Copyrieit~^r'lit Federal Aswkaion of jowrnslisttj TH* year 1893 has Jindoubtedly proved to the pessimist much that his (piping soul delights in, foe in.agood, truth little has Obtamrf towards the improvement or r extrication from the'sl6Ugh T <3E j despondency andconsequent depression" with ^wiiich. it: was. .<ushex)ed, :in-; Revelations of i?aud>- chicaneot. in rotten commercial and .financial institutions! have been' common, and the pens, of the diurnal and hebdomadal scribed have been poshed along at •bighrpressure speed in theirefiorts to ceODrdrthe ibtfceiiesa of tlwse institutions . in which thousands had. trust®!, Cpnpmertial . quid nuttcg.amhigjiously advised' their friends that 'such-and-such abank would beth'eneit to go. and their' -prognostications, - unfortunately; proved only: too thie. The " busy haunts of men " were people^ wth victims of the_5fl3jpcia| crisis, and deiu.dpd or dilatory shareholders were met with anxious' faceshurryTnjg' along to " the ; banks they ; ' Wete : intteest^J in to- find ; the-' floors-closed. The: torrent of indignation.: became turgid, public ;meeti fig were-held, affairs discussed, depositor^and, shareholders,' in 'ihahjr instances, were bewildered by the array'"of' - figures presented to them either upon printed - sheets br deliviered art rotundo. , ;But dissatisfaction-.- was paramount.. Accountants. of long rstanding and experience were called upon:to explain their.views of the'situation, and chaos almost came again - at least so far as mathematical questions were conceruaL . Personsin high .placfes ,were openly accusefl of feud, arrests followed, pje^minary hearing, trials (^bejatter in some casfeS'bringing the fradiilent delinquents to : terms' of imprisonmftiQ, whrM :: in other instances, thp- ; law's idelaywas decidedly conspicuous, and jt wasootuntil after protracted Poljce Court proceedings,. that anything; apprpacWng the functions of magisterial ruling' Was " correctly. arnVed it. • If yet n^ains to be decSfed ' by the' higher ' authorities what , course: justice will take.rn her endeavours to., . sheet. home .fraud, ^nd corruption to those directs accused. It is still a inatter of wonder that ttianyHi reefers immediately con- ContfeMed'itfthe V61 kingottfcfe severalbipks which collapsed •• 1 rc. pot.- placed upon their trial-to account for 4 hei r stewardship... • Why _. 1 in thejr position <if tfust, direction aiid.' respohs*ibilify, were thei riot' se!zed of~the : fact" of their individual" banks; being in -an unsSuttf^bndilton; afldabove the.PlimSolf . mark, so tot spe;ik, of safety and solvency.. The scheoie of , re-construction was flaunted' in the eyes of the deluded depositors, many of Wlibm'dicl hot'knotf'thje : meaning of the ' ' term so much so that when the; banks opebed their doors th6 ignorant lones stormed the managers' offices, and implored, with all the Mtsu^siye. eloquence at their command, for an!instant' 'return of'{heir moneys. : Of couSe ttftSt requests Were -not "acceded to, andthey withdrew invoking .vengeance and . anathematising the.^uthors of. their undoing, . And.they were fry no means to blame. 'There were many "shareholders and favored • depositors who had received large overdrafts . and thfereby 'defjieted the coffers of capitals which sbnU -have .remained almost intact to ensure; the: stability of the several banks they were" p^ced is. In a" word, the' vecktas alloWaSici of overdrafts was at the bottom of of tiie suspensions : - : Sir ^jF^ddlesby Hoodwink, the Hon. Diddlem Takpdown^ Throwsby Dustineyes, Esq.; and others of their' Ok, appeared in circularsj advertisements, balance-sheets and press repoAs'as-chairman'and Imembers of the bpairds of dittctors and shareholders, and the;.muttons represented by the public swallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to them. At last the supply gave out through the inquisitiveness and dubiety of the English shaceholders,' and a very- bad attack of commercial indigestion was the result. Matters having reached a critical point political influence, with the sanction of the Acting- Governor', ' intervened, arid on Sunday, 30th April; a Government Gazette was issued, proclaiming iBve days' holiday for the banks with the view:of allaying the public panic. This action on the part of the Goverament was diversely critifcised daring the following day, ISt "May, and there-occurred some-exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in the history of the Australias. The suspended and. re:c0ustructihg banks at this time were the' English, Scottish ahd Australian Chartered, The London -Chartered, The Standard and National were partially open for the receipt of money and trust accounts. The Commercial was to haye re-opened but remained dosed in obedience to the Government proclamation. Of the six remaining banks Of ustie, four, viz., The Bank of New South Wales, the Victoria, the City and Colonial aljtn acted, in accordance with the Government notification and "remain closed. The Bink of Aiisttilasia and the Union Bank; however, apparently opposed the edict and opened "transactions in ^11 business that was legally possible. On the Tuesday following the. Bank of :,New South Wales followed suit, and on the Wednesday the Colbnial Bank and' 1 the City Bank collapsed, followed on the 9th by the Bank of Victoria after forty years' business. The City B^nk put off the imminent day till the 17th, when its doors virere closed, and at the epd of January the Federal Bank joined thie throng. The English press had likewise condemned the action of the Victorian Government in proclaiming,, these holidays, and,.as previously remarked, dissatisfaction was rampant among all those emmeshed in the financial net. The only allurement held out'was a promise to pay in five years' time,' whdgi more than probably the only result will - be a-bigger smash than that just experienced. We have plunged in nudias res into the chief cause of the year's dire depression, without regard to strict chronological order in the relation- of matter from the-commencement ot 1803. On the 4th of April the Com- : - . - mercial' Bank suspended payment, on the \- 12th the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank succumbed, and on the 25th the London Chartered Bank gave up the ghost; the Standard, which in 1892 had been forced to accept the inevitable, was driven to the .'iame extremity on the 28th of April of nhis year; and the following day saw the suspension of the National Bank. Leaving suspended banks to revert to other financial institutions it is refreshing to reflect that Colonial Life Assurance Societies are advancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the confidence of the community. Certainly large bonuses are an alluring bait, but when it is considered that the best societies haye carefully considered the advantages of ao accumulated bonus, scheme to policy holders, lair praise mult be accorded to thiini. Premising that death ..should octur-within twenty-five years of date of assurance, ifrthe premiums are paid up, the sum assured-is in addition returned ind the new pension scheme in view of the irray of .bank suspensions we quoted and iilated iipbri as a prelMnihary or preface to his retrospect, should' absolutely commend tself to the consideration of all who wish JO be secure:, in the.«vent of evil times falling upon them. In sl.ort there is no , -p sable assurance but mutual aaaurasse, and the 'beBt if mututd a^iurance ii with tboe« companies whose assets pre on the spot. Tha Mutual of £i«£oria which has -evidently pro- \- fited bj {he aet-ous expeii-nces of fallsa : flaancnu institutions and bettered the ihstrnc- ; tiori by • vulvirg safe and geenre advantage* for all aonaiUcts. Its management is " u the know," Cl oceraing AustraUan : monetary matters - far .mors go . than any forsiga : Assuranee. Sodety ofBcers. hencs fhera can be no tt#o opinions eon&smihg; th* choice af inetitntlini ' with sAiich ta Transact' Life . Assurance. This particular society cm ite '-last .annual distribution of bon.usss did to from a fond of over £l,00j,000, the cash value «f whith sxceedsd £500,000. In the preceding' year, 1692, 12,688 usw pojeisa were issued > for assurances, amounting to £3,791^221, tha new annual iacoms from premiums being £126,014. The funds now /amount to £11,328,448. . And passing from Lif« Assurance to death, which- is not --an . abrupt transition, : the opening pf the nepr^year «as marked by ; "the decease of the. Chief Justice of Victoria, :Jtfr. Geo. Higinbotham, who had expired on .the last day of the '-old' year. In life he had besn a -waaisttnt: and uneomproouiug democrat. . He bad lived for forty years ia Victoria, and. during, an..'.active and busy le,.al, political, arid journalistic' career, (ha only reward for pubiic diitle* psrforiasd ha looked iatmam Uam the'peoi^s. Bo dadinad . knighthood, but he received with npdiigsiasd appwoatipn the vote of thanks tanderad by .^Parliament for ihe atnpendons, task he had ; performed, thai; of consoudating the Victorian btatates. fie died of heart disease, brought '.on by overwork, at thereof 66. Aooordlng to his expresp wishes enjoined during the last •ten years of his life he vas to be buried privately,-which act was performed much to -.the disappointment of the whde community, by whorii he was revered and Lied for his aaiability, devotion to duty, and his oan> sciintious adherence to principles ha thought ijuat aiid' right. Coatinuing tha obituary .record for the^year.'ft may be recorded that on thetlTth of /January, Dr. Thos. Embliag,. Member JL'ipslativa Council, departed this life, .fie had been.an early adv< cate for the Sight Hour movement, the I audi' Transfer Act, : and sdso protective duties By cable from - England it was learnt that Jains McCulIoch, who had once been a most powerful political factor in Victoria had died on the 31at January, at Ewell, Su iT»-y, in bis ssvsntyfourth year. He was Premitr of the colony on four different occasions. Ia March, Matthew I*ng, ez-mayor of Melbeorne, srba had filled the mayoral ehair for three successive years died-' E. L. Steia'sld, M.L.C., died at Adelaide, S.A., on Sundsy moning, 16th April. In tha following month David Robert Wyllie, member for ^orth -Melbourne, ia the Legislative Assembly, and Labour Party advocate, died of ayncope of tha heart, supervening an attack of paralysis, at the early age of 36. Win. Pearton, M.L.C., for (he Eastern Province, died 10th August. The probate duty paid in this estate added largely to the public revenue. The proparty detailed in the late gentleman's will and liable to the payment of duty, was sworn at £205,613, upon which £20,561 was paid as duty. Furthermore the property comprised \- in settlements Iiabla to duty, was stated at £42,176, upon which £1900 was paid. The tiuty pud In all totalled £22,551. Among the real estate was Kilmeny Park, the well, known sheep station, near Rosedala. James Campbell, Minister of Public Instruction and Commissioner of Customs, died oa Saturday, 16th September, of cancer, after many week's of terrible Buffering. The Government offices wen closed at noon on the 18th in?4. as a token of respect for the deceased. At Eendigo on the same day another veteran Parliamentarian, Robert Burrowes, M L.A.., passed away, fie had been elected altog the> _elev< n ^'timM, and his Parliamentary experience extended over twenty-s*vac jears. On Tuesday, i rd October. Kobert E. Wallan, well-known in literary and oommereial circles, died un board the s.s. Wairarapa. at Auckland, N.Z., of paralysis. Another wellknown and esteemed colonist, ths Revd. Plow Eane, whose Victorian career had been honored and lengthy, died at Brighten, on 11th November. Now once :more pass we on to the affairs of (he living. In January a success* te the late George Higinbotham was looked about -for, and it waa thought that Justice Williams would be offered the appointment. However, the upshot of the matter was that Mr. Shiela, the then Premier and Attorney-General, together with his colleagaed. invited Dr. Madden'to accept that office, which be did. Parliament after a short Quistmas vacation re assembled on 10th January, with Mr. Shiel's at the head of affairs. The political 'barometer at about this time waa pointing to squally weather, and on ths 17th, Mr. Patterson, the pressnt Premier, tabled a want of confidence motion. Oa the 18th, tha Shiei's Government was defeated by fortyfive votes to forty-two, after a debate which was the shortest on record. On 20th January 3ir. Patterson out of tha material placed at his disposal formed a Ministry which was constituted as follows : — J, B. Patterson, Premier, Chief Secretary and Minister of Rnilways ; G. D. Carter, Treasurer; Bryan O'Loglilcn, Attorney-General; Mr. lsaaes, Solicitor-General; Mr. M'Coll, Minister of \lines and Water Supply: Mr. M'Intyre, ' > Mr. CamooeiL Education and customs; Mr- Webb, Public Worts ana Agriculture; Mr. R. Reid, Minister for Lkfencis; Mr. A. Wynne," Postmaster* (general. On the 1st of February, Mr. Patterson unfolded the Minis'erial programme at tast'emaine, and met with a warm demons ration. On the 7th oi February Mr FatUreon was returned for Cast'emaine, l tving been opposed by Mr. Francis Longicore. Mr. i stterson scored heavily, the voting majority being generally about two to one. Parliament re-assembled on 14th Hbruary. On (he 16th aboard of enquiry 1 t to try and discover the whereabouts of the Hissing maec, which had been mysteriously stolen from the Bouses of Parliament. Their efforts were fruitless, however, and the baable still remains undiscovered. ThS board, at any tate, discovered where the macs had not teen, ud a chorus ot " our honor ii >iiidira'cd," headed by Speaker Bent, arose. I'arl : »ment was . prorogued on 3rd March by the A< ministrator of the Government, and re oj e ed oa 28th Jnne, when ths main festurcs^ presented wtre : the Retrenchment £cht me,''whsreby"the-'^winaanent««tpenditure of the province could be reduced £SCO tOOO or £! 00,( 00 a year ; the pc-.icy of additional laxation to bring up lie revenue at least of the next year level wiLh that year's expeudi* ture ; a SL- beme of land a- d village settlement to proviJe adequately for tbe people getting "back to the land," which belongs to them anyhow. The railway revenue for the financial year up tj liuth June, 1893, 'was £2,933,412, and retrenchment caused a saving in the: working expenses of about £300,0i0. The 1 rotturer's Budget Speech was read on Wednesday, 19th July, and the method by which, he proposed to make his revenue cover expenditure in the balance-sheet was thus :— Estimated revenue, 1893-94 — £7.343.1+7 New laxation... - ... ... . 576,000 Estimated expenditure, 1893-94 £7.919.147 7.623.909 Surplus on the year . ... ... £296,33! In the merry month of May, a political crisis arose out of the Mercantile Bank prosecutions Mr. Isaacs, the Solicitor-General, disagreed with Biyan O'Loghlen's verdict, as Attorney- General, wit l< regard to a nolle prosequi. Ihe upshot was that Mr. Isaacs retired from the Cabinet. Later on he went before his constituents at Beechworth, who received him * ith acclamation, and he waa returned unopposed to his seat, in the House. It must not bj forgotten during the month on January Mr. £. G. Fitzgibbon, chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Laud and Works and itin rant versetnaker, returned from . .1. <>ndon. whither be had voyaged to float a loan of £2,0 0,000, February 1st Mr. James •Munro, the la*e Ag nt-General fo - the colony, and a leading tee otaller and c -ffe palace :promo'er, filed his sheiule showing a deficiency of £5',106. Further retrenchment was smarted in tha Pu lie Servici during this mon'h. On 9th March, the Anglo-Australian Bank Criminals were found guilty and sentenced to various te ms of imprisonment. In this month also the Mercantile Bank prosec itions began, and after protract, d hearings at the lower courts, Matthew Davies and Frederick Millidge -.were committed for trial for: conspiracy on Friday, 12th May. On the 27th ins f . Matthew and Mrs. Davies sailed by the German mail steimer Salter for Columbo, but eventua'ly he returned to the province in company with Detective Whitney, who had b en sent on his tracks. On the 29th of the same m nth application for a Grand Jury wis made and adjourned it was reviewed on the 30th and granted. Subsi queitly a t ue bill was found by the gra d jury against the two ac used, but when in August the proceedings were called on in the higher <ourt, th® accused were discharged, and the presentuia>>t quashed on the grounds that an alien constitute! one of the grand jury, and as such was ine Libleas a juror. Proceedings we^e commenced de novo in spite of legal blockad rs, and the accused werj once more committed for trial, which if all goes well will come on this year. The sweating evil was brought under the notice of the Premier by a large deputation under the auspices of the Pio'.ic ion and Liberal Federal League who waited on that gentleman on 18th April. Their mi»>ion was to bring und r his notice the existence of the above-named evil in factories. So far as the clothing trade is conce ned this evil is to a certain extent brought about ly 'he restrictions of tl;e Factories' Act, which uni»-r one of its conditions provides for 550 cu'ric ieet of space in each factory or vcoiksli' p. 'J his h<'>s proved ruinous to small employer*, and the consequence is that Jew sweatees who employ Europen labor, r ceive the work from t e limiied tradesmen. The majority of master tailors have uow only small rooms for they argue that they cannot or will not comply with the Act.. The registration fee M sav d for one thing, and further thos whom the trade dub " iLquisitive Inspectors" are eludi-d. Then the masUrs do not care about taking in appieutices of either sex as a doctor's certificate is required as to their physicial condition. The latter lequirement also acts as a barrier to a poor w: n with several children whom he may be d sirous of apprenticing, for each certificate costa half-acroxvn. 1 he sum may seem small, lu' it ia required for aciua; necessaries. '1 lie inspectors are bot Btriugent enough in tLeir action towards employers iu the matter of an allowance of a permit for overtime. This causes overcrowding iu the workrooms at busy times. If the inspector does find fault then the employer discharges several hauds and gives out the work to sweaters, and so the State unwittingly aids and abets the evil. Not long ago in one large leading firm die pressers were offered the privilege of working piecework for one busy week. Twenty per cent, was to be taken off their wages for this privilege, bnt the men didn't see it, for they found they could only have worked their usual quintum had they been on their weekly wage. It may be asked why the employers demanded the 20 per cent, concession. The answer is thit the manager of the " makingup" department received a bonus, and pocket Vhe sum he bled the workers of. But throughout the clothing trade business has been dull, and the houses in Flinders-lane have received a notification from home that the credit system will iu future be limited to four months only. Hence th3 warehousemen will have to take less credit and give less to customers. Under these circumstances sweating is rampant. The shoddy impo ler and the calico j mmy in Victoria is d:omed anyways and it is to be trusted that his doom means the boom in the manufacture of local fabrics, The iron-workers have suffered, but the boot trade has shown signs of improvement during the latter part of the year. In i893 there were 2,242 factories, and tarring the average for the year the numbar of employes would have fallen to nearly 40,000. In 1892 the figuros we:e 2,443 factories employing 40,319 at an estimate. 