BO WEAL ELEOTOEATE. (To the Editor of the Scrutineer. J Oonaequent on want of loyalty to tho cause of Freetrado inotanned by tho number of candidates who havo Dignified their willing. neaB to tako £300 and represent this electorate, there is a great chance of a Protectionist boing sent by a small minority fr\ rrnnfl flio nm'ninn rtf +.htn TClf.hrtiifr dmihf F/oetrado constituency, a very largo majority of tho oleotors being Freetraders, Of the threa Freetraders in the field, there is not a ohadow of doubt Mr. McCourt hao the best show, but with a bplit vote bis chance ia groatly discounted, and to prevent the disfranchisement of the electorate by tho return of a Protectionist, it behoves every one professing to be a Frnetrader to not only vote for Mr. MoOourt but try, and persuade others to do the Bame, A great principle io involved and we should unite all miner differences and as Freetraders uphold the principle. I have nothing what ever to say against either Mr. Richards or Mr. Taylor, both of whom I believe to bo good citizens, and if I thought that either of them had a better chance of election than Kir. McCourt he would get my vote and what influence I might possess, but knowing that neither of them stands a ghost of a show of being elected, and as neither of them will retire, I hops all true friends of Freetrade will not forget to record their vote for Mr. McCourt. I think it is a great pity the Freetrado Council did not approach the different candidates in the electorate, and I can Gyrapathisa with ono at least of them, consequent on the light ho thinks that has been put upon him, but this is not a time to let private feeling take tho place of loyalty to tho cause, nnd the Freetrado Council are largely responsible for the position. While on the subject of election allow mo to say that it is to bo deplored Mr. Wulters should lower himself to make a handle of what he I assorts is a great wrong done by Mr. McCourt in the matter of Lackey-road. Some of tho electors who rightly or wrongly think they havo a grievance over this matter may bo excused if they throw over principle and vote ogainst the alleged cause of their grievance, but I fail to see what the question has to do with Protection, the champion of which cause Mr. Walters is, and desperate indeed must be his position when he tries to make capital out of some people's private grievance.— Yours, &-s., j OHN J. BuCKLAND. ' Woodside,' Bundanoon, 6th July. 