A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER VII.— fCoiminjinO ? « Pudge!' cried Cynthia, with H epaikling eyes. *' It means- — Pun ! ? If I was asked what life I'd choose, H I'd say the one I've got now. Just H think, you dull, greedy Eed Beard ; I and you, Stephen. Why, it's like liv I ing a play ; not going home and taking H off one's tights and spangles when the H curtain comes down, and then waiting ? till to-morrow, but the real thing — H real police, real villains, real secret H passages, real money — ah, and real ? leading lady, and all. And i£._.yqu'd ? only half an ounce more pluck, Ste H phen, there'd be a real hero as welL I Yes— ^it is just fun to be making our ? own money instead of working and H gtarving for -it, like some of us used H to do ; and if we made less, if s fun I to be ghosts and - live in a haunted H house that gives everybody the creeps H to pass by. Do you know, I dressed I myself up in a sheet the other night, H and stood at the drawing-room win H dems. I did indeed !' I 'What?' cried Eed Beard, with a H tound as if a wolf were swearing H deep down. 'Your are invernally H mad — Gott in heaven, if you was ? seen.' H ' Stupid ! As if being seen wasn't ? half the fun ; and half the safety, ? too. The next moonlight night we'll H stand at the window all three; we H shall make' a lovely trio — me' the I ghost, you the ogre, and Stephen the H vampire,' aud we'll grin. I wonder H when there's the next full moon.' I ' Fortune— fun !' said Stephen, H flasTiing scorn. ' Much of them come B to me. If s always some day — some H day — some day. And as for fun 1' I And, indeed, he looked like one who H had never known any such thing, even I in a dream. ' There's my last die ; ? md ? ' ? Cynthia drew herself up to her full I height — not a fraction under five feet H one — and regarded him gravely. H ' Stephen,' said she, ' where are you ? going ? What are you going to do P' H ' Anywhere — anything.' V ' Ah, I understand. No — you can ? not, you, a great, the very greatest ? artist, mean to desert your art. That I is impossible. Nor can you, a great H revolutionist, be going to be false to H your- cause — the Ann — what is it ? — ? Nihilation of Law, I understand. You B are a man j and you are going to I desert me. . . . Very well, then. All ? right — good-bye.' H ' Don't be a born idiot, Cynthia ! Of 'What — to anywhere? Not L What does it matter to me ? You'll be all right. I've no doubt there'll be scores of girls, ever so much taller than me, who'll be only too happy to Bew on your buttons and keep your pencils pointed and your burins and needles ground, and spot flaws in your Tfork, and run your errands, and — make all sorts of fools of themselves. Tux only of use to you here, where else you'd have nobody at alL' ' Am I an artist, Cvnthia ? Yes or DO?' | 'You know you are. There. | Good-bye.' '? And yet you ask me to stay here — | slaving for a convict, and ? ' **«A convict, and ? ?' Go on, Stephen Hay,' said Adam Forness, entering from the side door and clos ing it behind him. ^On second thoughts, though, don't go on. There's no call to play pot and kettle. If s always waste of time.' *'I suffered for a principle,' said Stephen sullenly. 'For the eternal right of every human being to equality of fortune ? ' 'A principle! So did I. Come, none of that cant. Fm an ex-forger and you're an ex thief j and I suppose our principle, deep down, was pretty much the same. Ah — there you are, Cynthia, bright and bonny. Well, Petersen — iow have things been going?- Nothing ?wrong P' --?? ' ^ ? 'Nothing wrong, Adam Furness, but that this girl is a fool, to brank at ghosts; and that Stephen Hay, Jhe talks of I know not what absurd ? ' 'Absurd or not absurd,' said Step hen Bay, ' Fve done my last stroke of work here.' ' Indeed?' asked Adam Fatness, lifting his brows ! ' Cynthia — what the devil does the fellow mean ?' 'He says the place doesn't suit Mjn»' said she demurely, ' and so we've been saying good-bye.' « Well — itfs a free country ; and if you can't keep him, Cynthia, Tin' sure it's not for me to'try. He won't peach, because he daren't,' he said with an absent sigh. ' Well, Bay — if we must part we must ; no ^Qubt a fellow of your talents has only got to cant hard enough to find somebody soft-headed enough to put faith in those fine -white fingers.' And now— don't 'stare — Fm going toTetire -from business, too.' ' You, AflnTn Furness f* exclaimed Bed Beard. 'No. You do no such thing;!' - ' Yes. 1 1 and you, Peter Petersen ; and Father Isaacs; and the count, and Jellitt ; and the Knacker, and Pd have said Stephen Bay, if he hadn't taken French leave. And Fll tell you why. We've not done badly; but we're going to make so big a coup this time that if we don't retire, on our winnings we shall be a pack of fools.' ' I wait,' said Red Beard, resuming his pipe, ' to know the little kame.' ' It's told i^ a dozen words. And it means £70,0^0. ' Seventy thousand pounds,' said Red Beard. '|That is a great pig Zum.' Cynthia had subsided back to her stool, and fell to grinding the point of an etching needle while she hummed a tune. Stephen Ray sat apart, mak ing charcoal scrawls on the surface of one of the long benches and wiping them off again. ' Yes ; it is a biggish sum. The count has got the office that a million roubles in specie have #ot4» be paid next New Year's Day — old style, of course, which gives us time to the good — to^ the Khan of Moulkhend, whatever that may be — somewhere in , Tartary, I suppose. Of course it's secret service j or else tbere'd be no thing in my idea. Now, what is to prevent our receiving the million roubles and paying the TCb*n of Moulkhend?' Red Beard shook his head. ' Everything is to prevent,' said he. ' It's risky— I know that. So rieky that this must be the last time, listen to my plan. ATI that has to be done is to contrive so that the Khan of Moulkhend's agent for receiving the'Czar's little present shall be one of ourselves ; or rather not one of ourselves, but somebody who will serve us innocently. Very well. I hear from the count that the money is to be paid to Moshel Kraff, who keeps a bank at Oufa, on behalf of the Tn-«.Ti, Now I know, of my own knowledge, that Moshel of Oufa is under obliga tions to an English financier — never mind names — who has the strongest possible reasons for serving me. Wheels within wheels, you know ; and I haven't laid my plan without putting a magnifying glass to every cog and every screw, like Cynthia there to' the point of a needle. Very welL I go to my English friend — a most respectable man, by the way — and I say, « Lend me a clerk to do me a little confidential business at ? ' ' « But will 'he— -this vriend ?' ' He will And whaf s more, Moshel will be instructed to employ this particular clerk in this very affair. You may leave all that to me. And the clerk will carry out our specie, in sealed packets, for delivery to the Khan, and have clear instructions to bring us home what he receives from the Czar. We have only to make the best exchange we can of the good roubles into V.ngHah gold — and there you are.' ' Ah. It is a beautiful idea. A beautiful idea. All but when the Khan finds himself zold.' ' Let him. A Tartar Khan isn't an expert ; and 10 to I our roubles will be scattered about all over Tartary before some Jew or other gets hold; -JoS a sample. But even if he does find out the trick, what then ? Either hell try to sell somebody else, with them, or he'll complain to the ? Russian Government. . The Rnsflian Govern ment won't dare to make a fuss — they'll come down secretly on Moshel. Moshel will either pay up, with interest, or pass on inquiries to my 'F.npJipVi friend. My TfogHsih friend wiffat once pass them, on to the British Foreign Office. And then Russia will bow politely and say, .* Never mind. All right. We made a little mistake, liVin.TiTr you ; thaf s alL'.' ' Ah! So I comprehend.' ' And the difference between the cost of making our roubles and the value of the real ones, allowing for the incidental expenses and probable loss on exchange, will be, at the very least, seventy thousand sterling. Only we must get an extra good die. Let me see. We'll put on the Knacker. I I don't think he's ever yet tried his hand at a rouble ; but he must make a trial piece or two. And we must look sharp ; a million coins aren't to be turned out in a day.' Cynthia swung herself round, stool and all. ' Then, that you shan't !' she cried, 'The Knacker! Why, he's not to be trusted with a teetotal medaL Stephen don't sit there, messing the clean bench like a baby. You're the only man — man, indeed ! — that can do it ; and do it you shall.' *' No,' said Adam Furness, sharply and shortly. ' This isn't a game at play.' 'Oh, I wish I were a man I .Ste phen—don't you hear? They think the Knacker a better artist than yotu' ? ' Than me f ' cried Stephen, blazing round. 'Give me your, sharpest .pencil, Cynthia, and a scrap of tracing paper. . . . There! '' ^.I*t *the master of the Russian mint beat that for a rouble if he can.' ? Adam Furness took the delicately pencilled design and handed it to Bed Beard, who nodded silently. ' It?B a pity — a great pity,' said Adam.* ' I shall keep, this, of course, though the Knacker won't like to work from another man's design.' 'Cynthiar said Stephen feebly, almost with a moan. : ? 'Well? What is it now P' . ' I must do just this one die mors.' .-.??—. .'J ' ' 'C-i ul-O& iJitB SitU Then it was Cynthia who aimoBt sighed. She had conquered — but it was the artist : not the man. * ' * * ♦ At last, after what seemed like a snail's crawl, the express reached 'Marchgrave. Guy, late as it was, let himself into his office with his latch key ; and there, sure enough, -was a letter from London. It was in a strange hand— no doubt from Marion. He tore it open, his heart beating. And he read : ' Sir, — If you want to see Miss M. F., come to Euphrosyne Terrace, Belve dere-road, Piggofs Town, London, N. Dr. Wyndham Snell on the door. 1 Your obedient servant, ' Somebody You Don't Know.' CHAPTER VIIL Marion had learned all in a moment what it means to be in a passion. She darted upstairs, threw herself into her own bjadroom, locked the door behind her.; and then paced up and down like an imprisoned storm. - - ; i Mrs. Snell's accusations had been less insulting than the doctor's de fence. The wife had the excuse of jealousy, which is as unanswerable as that of any less extreme form of mad ness. But there was something about Wyndham Snell's style of chivalry which showed that the jealousy was not entirely smoke without fire. She had never dreamed that there were such people in the world ; she knew there were none on that other and rougher side whence she had come. The idea of its entering any human brain to conceive so monstrous an, im agination as that she, Marion Furness, could seem, even by accident, to flirt with Wyndham Snell ! It was too outrageous for comedy — it made he cheeks burn and her ears tingle even now that she was alone. And for the doctor himself to have heard the charge, and yet to have interfered in that odious way ! What could her father have meant by bringing her and leaving her here ? Her father ! The burning and the tingling ceased, and left her cold. Of the story of his crimes and his punishments, and of the evil influ ences he appeared to exhale, she could make nothing. But she could not avoid a full measure of fear. She had felt bound to be his champion in the pre sence of Mrs. Snell ; but she had no right to suppose that the abominable woman had been lying. And what had become of him? Since the day of her mother's death he had never sent her so much as a message. Ex cept that she now knew him by sight, he -was as much as a stranger to hex? — - indeed, more a stranger— than before the day of her mother's flight from him in terror. If she had not already sent that letter of fHamiaa^ to Guy, she could never have had the heart or the strength to send it now. Had she really, in her deepest heart, even when she forbade him to seek her out, meant that he should take her at her word ? Well — he had done so ; it was true that she was hidden away past finding out ; but still she had a sort of instinct that a true knight and lover is not to be baffled as if he -were a policecon stable. She would riever marry him, .df course — but if he had only found hef 'out/' despite all her precautions, aal3 ^ome^fco her against her will ! Surely 'there was no girl on the whole wide world so utterly defenceless and alone. Her mother dead; her lover bidden to forget her ; her father a man to be feared, and as likely to be her foe as her friend ; no creature to speak to except a woman who had insulted her and — Dr. Snell. And what sort of thiTig -was her life to be ! There -was bnt one certainty about it — that it could not &o; on like this for another day. How could she endure to sit again atPthe satMe table with her host and hostess, after the scene she had just left behind ? j;v- Agitated- and - bewildered as she was, she tried to think out some plan of action, so as to find some safe cor ner -where she might sit down awhile and decide whether and how she should enter the battle of life alone, or whether she should throw herself on fate in sheer despair. She sat on her bed, or walked up and down, ?frViTTiTrinpr that she was ^ihin*lrfTig until the cracked teatray proclaimed that Dr. and Mrs. Snell -were going to dine. As she took no notice of the sum mons, it was repeated in the form of a tap at the door. ' If you please, miss,' said the voice of the new housemaid, 'the gong's gone, and master he says the soup's getting just like charity, and would you please to come and sit down ?' All at once she was inspired with a plan. ' Tell them not to wait/' she said, opening the door j ' I am not coming to dinner to-day. And then get me a cab, if you please.' :w-; v « A cab, miss f' J/ 'Yes. I shan't lie many minutes packing. I am going away.' ' A cab, miss ! Why, there isn't such a -foiTtg for miles.' ' . - ' Well, you can find somebody who will take my things to the train.' . (TO SB COKTOTtrKD.') 