gfepsw . PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1ST, 1894. Local and General. CAREFUL HOUSEWIVES use Judges Bros.' Special Blend of Tea, Is per lb. There is nothing like it.* LUDDENHAM.-A tea and public meeting in connection with the Primitive Methodist Sunday School is announced for Monday, 10th September. See advt. POULTRY BY BAIL.-From yesterday (Friday), parcels of poultry and dairy produce not exceeding 901b in weight will be carried on the railways for , 100 miles for Is, with proportionate reductions for greater distances. OPENING OF A NEW CHURCH.-The new Presbyterian Church near Booty Hill is almost complete, and will be opened on Saturday, 27th September, at 3 p.m., by a tea meeting, &c.; Par ticulrrs in future issue. GOLD FEVER.-Our Member, Mr. S. E. Lees, has been having a run round Wyalong and Temora. He has been treated right royally every where, and has had a real good time. He has promised to attend to several improvements re quired, especially so with reqard to the roads which , are in a terrible state. NEPEAN VARIETY COMPANY.-In order to pro vide a wardrobe for the above Company, who have been instrumental in raising funds for several charitable purposes, a variety entertainment will be given in the Tcmperauce Hall to-night. Several novelties are promised, and there should be a bumper house. DON'T COUGH.-Relief can be obtained immedi ately. Use " KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES " well known as the utterly unrivalled cough remedy. Strongly recommended by many eminent phy sicians. They at once check the cough and remove the cause-without any after effect ; the most, delicate can therefore take them. One Lozenge j alone gives ease-One or two at bed-time ensures re3t. Sold everywhere in tins 13Jd each.* STORM.-A .heavy' thunderstorm passed over Penrith on Sunday night, the thunder and light ning at first being pretty severe ; then followed a rushing wind, which did a good deal of damage. Mr. B. Metcalfe's stable arid coach-house was unroofed, and the material carried some distance. After this a steady downpour of rain followed for several hours, which will, no doubt, do a vast amount of good. Mr. Metcalfe has since rebuilt his stables, and we want some more rain. PASTURES AKD STOCK PROTECTION BOARD.-A meeting of the Pastures and Stock Protection Board,' Windsor District, was held at the Stock Office, Penrith, on Tuesday morning. There were present, Messrs. J. D. Single (in the Chair), J. K. Lethbridge, P. Lamb, E. Cox, A. Benson, W. H. Bowman, and the Secretary-Mr. 0. W. Dargin. Several accounts were passed for payment. Mr. Single gave a brief resume of the meeting held in Sydney on the Anthrax question. Circulars from other boards were rccieved having reference to the exportation of rabbits and hares, and the necessity of increased endownment. A MAD LOVER.-On board a steamer in the Black Sea, a sailor became enamored of a fair American. He was badly love-struck, and let the object of his devotion become aware of his affection. He avowed his love, but the fair one scorned the homage thus offered. The slighted swain became an object of derision among his fellow-sailors, who chaffed him unmercifully upon his rejection. Two of his comrades who jeered thus at him exasperated him beyond, endurance, and heshot both dead. He then attacked the lady of his ill-quitted affection' and beat her to death, and woupd up by jumping over-board and committing suicide. BLACKHEATH.-Amongst the many improve ments that are beine proceeded with of late none stand out more conspicuous than the creditable I work of beautifying the recently cleared recreation reserves The latest impetus to this excellent undertaking is given by fche arrival of some 600 or 600 ornamental trees from the Stfite Nursery at I Gosford. and these, in combination with 9, pi easing variety of plants from the Botanical Gardens, wijl serve to greatly enhance the appearance o£ Black heath in the eyes of -the visiting public.-The Drevailing epidemic of influenza has attacked us with great activity, but fortunately there were no fatal cases, and everyone, botU old ana young, 13 now Improving, the present balmy Wither being greatly in favor of the convalescents. FOOTBALL SociAL.-Mouday night last was the occasion of a very enjoyable social given by the Kingswood Fusilier Football Club, in the Foresters Hall Penrith. This was was then first ajkempt, and if all future affairs go. off in a similar manner there will be no cause for com plaint. The Hall was tastefully decorated with flags, ferns, etc. The music which was very good, was supplied by Messrs. Hey ward, (cuvaet) G. Andrews, relieved by W. Carry, (piano) E. Andrews, (violin) and J. Barlow, (piccolo). Mr. O. Hey .ward made an efficient M.O. About thirty-two couples attended, and amongst the ladies wo noticed some very pretty dresses, but it would be very bard for us to say who looked the nicest. Dancing was kept up till 12;30., when the company adjourned to the balcony, where a sumptuous repast had been laid out under the enreful supervision of Mr. It, Pugh; who had everything to satisfy even a pourmand, which' the company assembled did full justicc to. After everyone had been attended to, dancing was again indulged in till 3.30 on Tuesday morning, when the company broke up, everyone being fully | satisfied they had thoroughly enjoyed themselves, thanks to the ycry energetic Committee of the Fusiliers. POPULAR CONCERT.-The Salvation Army an nounce that they will give another of their popular conccrts at the local barracks on Tuesday night week. Captain Flanagan. his wife, and daughter are first-class musicians, and the concerts arranged by them so far have been tip-top. We expect to see a bumper house. Programmes will be issued nevt week. THE BRINGELLY ROAD.-Mr. S. E. Lees, M.L.A., forwards us the following :-Department of Public Works, Sydney, August 18th. Sir, 1 am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th instant respecting the condition of the road from Kingswood to Luddenham ; and to inform you that a further communication will shortly be made to you, this being merely an intimation that your letter has been received. I have the honor to be, etc., J. BARLING, Under-Secretary. A MUDGEE BONIFACE.-Mr. Tom Upton, an old Penrith boy, informs us that he has purchased the Belmore Hotel business at Mudgee from Mr. R. Jones, M.P. He intends running this estab lishment as a sporting hotel, and will have a cricket ground with every convenience attached to the establishment. Tom is a real " goer," and he should make this hotel the sporting one of the west. He has plenty of friends, and is a real white man. Visitors to Mudgee would do well to look him up. . DEPARTURE OP MR. CADDEN.-Everything is now in readiness for the presentation of a purse of sovereigns and illuminated address to Mr. T. J. F. Cadden, manager of the local branch of the Commercial Bank, who is being transferred to the Queenbeyan branch, on Wednesday afternoon next. Intending subscribers arc requested to serid in their donations not later than Tuesday next. The presentation takes place at 3.30 p.m, on Wednesday at the Agricultural Society's pavilion, and all well wishers are cordially invited to attend-there will be special accomodation for the ladies. GLEN BROOK ROAD.-W'e have received the fol lowing letter from Mr. Lees, M. P. : Department of Public Works, Sydney, 21st August, 1891. Sir,-I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th instant enclosing petition from the residents of Glenbrook, asking that the road leading from the Great Western Bond to the Glen brook railway station may be formed and metalled, and to inform you that a further communication will shortly be made to you, this being merely an intimation that your letter has been received.-I have the honor, etc., (signed) J. BARLING, Under Secretary. DEATH OP A NURSE.-On Tuesday last Miss Ada Alice Hawke, sister of Miss Hawko (Matron of the Nepean Cottage Hospital), and fourth daughter of the late Mr. Frederick Hawke, breathed her last at Lucknow, near Orange, after a lingering illness, at the age of 28. Miss Hawke left Penrith on leave a few weeks ago to visit both her mother and sister who were ill, and it is feared now that the mother will not long survive her daughter. The deceased young lady relieved the Matron at the Penrith Hospital some time ago, and she greatly endeared herself to all whom she came in contact with. BADGERY'S CREEK SCHOOL.-The following has been handed to us by Mr. S. E. Lees, M.P.: Arncliffe, 22ud August, 1894. Dear Mr. Lees, Thanks for your note of 20th inst. I am about again now though not quite up to form. Re Badgery's Creek, I trust that the school question will shortly be satisfactorily decided. The proximity of the Kemp's Creek School, the limited number of children between 6 and 14, and the cost of the site, &c.;, have been obstacles in the way, but the whole question is again under consideration, and will probably be settled in a very little time. I havo the honor to be, &c.;, H. S. KILLMAN. IN IT AGAIN.-Alf. Jackson, the Claremont ghost seer, who had quite a lively time over those bones, &c.;, which were found at Claremont, is again in trouble. It will bo remembered that Jackson shot a Chinaman up Orange way for a lark-and killed him too. He wasn't sentenced to death, but to a short stretch in gaol. Whilst in gaol he played up and got something extra for his pains. Recently ho came cut, but wasn't long free before he has again come to grief, for on Friday last, at Camden, he was committed for trial to the Campbell town Quarter Sessions for stealing six head of cattle, the property of Mr. Smith. FLOUR.-At the beginning of the present year Mr. H. C. Mathews of Acmo Roller Mills, Bathurst remodelled his mill to the Hungarian Full Roller System and the new dust has been gaining fresh friends daily, and is now to be found in every bake house of importance in the metroplis the suburbs' or alone; the Western line. With those who have already tried it, the opinion seems to be that to use the Acme Roller Flour is to have a large, light (we do not mean underweight) anil snow-white loaf. Of course all others mill produce is obtainable from the mill, and Mr. Mathews will bo pleased to answer all enquiries.* OFP TO THE DIGGINGS.-On Thursday last, Messrs. A. F, Cope, T. Carter, and J. Corner started out west to try their luck gold digging. They have with them a good turn-out, two horses and a covered dray, as well as a supply of provisions for three months, and tools of every description. Cope is a handy man and can do anything from a job in engineering, down to pick and shovel work. Carter is a first-class brick layer but is willing to turn his hand to anything. Jack Corner is also one of Penrith's best carpenters and joiners, he too is willing to turn his hand to anything. The latter has had some experience of roughing it, having visited Coolgardie. They all intend going for the precious metal if it is to be got, but in the meanwhile they intend doing any job they come across. SANDER AND SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. In protection of the world-wide fame our manu facture has acquired all over the globe, we nublish the following :-Hazard, M.D,, Professor of General Pathology and diseases of the Mind and Nervous System, says in an editorial published in the Clinical Record :-" We have examined half-a dozen . specimens of different manufactures: the preparation of Sander and Sons was the only one that proved to be reliable and corresponding to scientific tastes." Another concoction called " Re fined Extract of Eucalyptus," has made its appear ance since. This product stands, according to Dr. Owen, foremost in causing injurious effects. That gentleman communicates at a mooting of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a child living at Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its use. In another case a lady states on the strength of statutory declaration that she suifcred cruelly from the effccts of the same concoction To guiirdtlie high reputation of our manufacture we feel waranted in exposing the above fncts, and desire the public to exercise care and precaution when buying. SANDER & SONS.-(Advt.) MULGOA MISHAPS.-On Sunday last quite a large number of Penrith residents paid a visit to Mulgoa, Some went as far as the river, whilst others made Mr. F. Boylan's the terminus, and there were several other places Q£ call. Among the number were 4-lderpjan and Mrs. Easterbrook and Alderman Rcid, who made tlieir stopping place Mr. J. D. Ensterbrook'a. The party, who were in. a light buggy, had a good trip out, except that the horse shied terribly at a heap of wood lying on the road side near the Regentville bridge, and the party narrowly escaped being thrown into the creek. After resting and looking round Mr. J. D. Ensterbrook'a establishment, thefv started^ for home. Just before reaching the bridge in question, " Blink Boy" (Alderman Easterbrook's horse) began playing up. He kicked, jumped and bucked and all soon became terribly alarmed. Alderman Reid was the first to meet mother'eartlj, then followed Alderman Easterbrook, then Mrs. Easter broqk. Alderman Easterbrook was not much injured^ but Alderman Reid and Mrs. Easterbrook were. Alderman Easterbrook soon secured the animal and the pnrty were quickly on tljeir way homewards. Mrs. Easterbrook is a good deal knocked about, and Alderman Reid was unable to get about until- Wednesday. Alderman Easter brook is O.K. JIOLLOWAY'B OINTMENT AND PILLS need only a single trial to make known their capabilities. No outside sore or inward inflammation c.in long with stand the cooling purifying, and healing influences exerted by these twin Mendicants. Be the mischief recent or chronic, grent or slight, painful or simply annoying, it will sucumb before the curative virtues of these noble remedies, which can be rightly applied by any person who will attentively read their accompanying directions, which are propoun ded in the plnincst language, void of technical terms, and printed in the most legible characters. To the man of business, confined to bis counting house, and harassed by engagements, these Pills are invaluable: for the man of pleasure, addicted to free living, they are peerless. 