[?] ' i )Y CUiLS. Hip, hip, hooray for Harry Donnan's day. At last tho spell of blobs has broken, and now comes the line of centuries. Who said Harry Donnan wa3 a stonewallor ? Wo one and all said so, but if the gay South Sydneyito only keeps up this contury form we 11 forgive all his past misdeeds. Wo'll forgot that ho used to push thom back to tho bowlor, just like old Barlow. And Sid Gregory, too, is in form. Permit me, Sidney, on behalf of tho blob brigade, to offer you tho warmest of felicitations. You are a dapper little man, you never look cross, you take a duck just as if it were a hundred, and you take a licking like a man, so it is a pleasure to see you once moro run-getting. » . Syd Callaway broke his bat on Wednes day afternoon just before 6 o'clock. The gentle tapper strutted into the pavilion for a now one a few minntes before 6 o'clock, and then returned to face Wilson. " "W ouldn't it be a lark to see him bowled first ball ?" said a very interesting young bian, who prides himself upon being a par ticular chum of Sydney's. Well, he was bowled first "ball, and tho chum looked anything but pleased. It would have been better for the man with the ever-increasing waist to have continued wish half a bat, oritwould have boon better still if Charlie Bannerman had yanked the Btumps up. » The Country mon could not shape at tho off theory on Wednesday, and when M'Eibbon joined Howoll it looked a guinea to a gooseberry that the contury would not go up, as nine wickets wore then down for 89\. Mr. Howell, however, got his left hand in shape and spanked Hume for three fours, and thon began to oporate on Newell. He bangod him for four, and then lifted tho pride of the Glebe grandly into tho smoking reserve for five. A few more fours and then another five was hoisted oil Newell straight on to the end of tho terraces. This unceremonious slashing woke up the old fellows who had begun to snore, and then tho clapping commenced. M'Eibbon caught the fever, and started to make a few on his own account. Ten after ten wont up, and at last at 162 Callaway bowled Mac for 23, leaving Mr. Warwick- Westerner Howell not out 62 — a very lively innings. On behalf of the' gentlemen who paid for admission to the terraces j on behalf of the few ladies who adorned their especial resorvo ; and on behalf of all the cranks, critics, and cricketers who were talking horse after tho Cup coup in tho pavilion. I have much pleasure in proposing a vote of thanks to Howell. Andy Newell, to show that ho bears the smiter no ill will, seconds this pro forma, and, lot me see, it's carried with only ono dissentient— Harry Donnan. » M'Eibbon is not such a duffer with tho bat. Ho played quite as if used to making runs, his off strokes being just d lu, Harry Mosos. Howell expected Mite to got a duck. but the Bathurst boy has pluck and grit. He helped to put on 73 for tho last wicket. » » . Andy Newell would have had n tip-top average if Howell had not Bmacked him about so much at the finish. His last four overs realised 32 runs, prior to which the. natty little Glebe champion had six for 38. Tho Electric Telegraph crowd were awfully cut up about those fivers, but even they could scarce forbear to cheer tho owner of the lusty loft arm. » Alick Bannorraan was bowled for a blob ,.on Saturday by Ernio Hume, though, mind you, it was a pretty good ball. Alick has . been saving himself for tho East Sydney match. He likes Charlie Turner's bowling oh a good wicket. It will be quite interest ing to see how Charlie will like facing his erstwhile comrade. « -The Waveriey boys have sent ont invita tions for the opening of the oval this after noon. . There will be fiz flying, so that I would whisper in tho ear of jack Waine ———i"' ' ' 1 i ——"——i — wwi.,— .i-— — and Co. to keep an eye on tho bottle, so that it doesn't circulate, too freely, other wise Waveriey may win easily, though in any case their chance is not hopeless. 9 Tho Faddingten Borough didn't win the grand shield after all. They woro too cockBure, and it all endod as I predicted — against them. It is just as well to make a note of this true prognostication, to show the erring ones that thore is nothing in such a thing o3 superstition. Bad crickot lost Faddington tho Shield. Hush Nelson wa3 bowled first hall on Saturday. Rush made rather a bad bull when hoallowod his wickot to bo shattered, as the young mau who did tho dosd is not noted for his doadly bowling. Charlie Turner got the worst average against the countrymen on Wednesday, sturdy littlo Fryor going for him like a brick. By jovo ! Charlio is coming down as a batsman whon he has to go in second last. This shows 'tliat Captain Charlie Richardson has backbone, for which I commend him. Leon Moore sent his men in wrongly on Wednesday, and he did not plnce' them properly in the field. The country fellows do not play a point. They also bowl too much at the wicket, and might find a littlo off theory now and then very useful, 9 Mudgeo M'Pherson gets out leg bofore wicket rather often. He has experienced some bad luck in this respget, but it ought to make him more careful. Against the Southerners ho was out l.b.w. and run out, and against the City on Wednesday l.b.w. again. Harden was bowled by a straight ono from Hume on Wednesday, at which he did nob attempt to play, He got so many off-theory balls from old Garcia that when Hume wont on ho started to let them pass just the same, but foolishly allowed a straight ono to slide, and over went tho show. » » Eggs woro again in evidence amongst tho South Sydneyitea on Saturday, but as it was not a premiership match I will lot the boys off on this occasion. We can, however, chalk it up that Harry Donnan got a few — 10 not out. Quite a ohange after the eggs. » » Billy Sheridan, the young Canterbury batsman with rose-pink cheeks, scored 101 against North Sydney. The youthful Willie is running away with the average, and if Harry Mosos wants to catch him he'll have to get steam up pretty smartly. » , Rudfern, assisted by one of their own wickets and a good umpire, gave Fadding ton a drubbing. They say thnt Joe DaviB played a ball back almost to tbo bowlor and ho was given out leg beforo wickot. There are some quoer umpires in Sydney, and were it not tiiat I do not wish to mortify some of tho gentlemen who imagino tlioy understand tho rules, I would quote a fow outrageous decisions recently given, with the reasons advanced in support there of. The averago Sydney umpire wins and loses more matches than the players. Tho English cricketers have started in humming style with the bat. They are evidently in good nick. Albert Ward has made a record for a player now to Aus tralia — a century in hie first match. 9 « Tho current numbor of the Review of Reviews contains articles on tho "National Game of Australia," and under tho head of New South Wales crickot Charlie Turner descants curtly. Charlio, however, i3 hotter with the ball and bat than with the pon, still his article is quito interesting, and its references to individual cricketers contain a few home truths that are worth repro ducing for tho especial bouofit of renowned gentlemen to whom they refer. " . . . It was tho unanimous opinion of the critics (writes Charlie) that he was one of the smartest fields that Aus- tralia had ever sent homo. Little ' Sid ' is a splendid bat, and has more strokes than any other cricketer living. Liko all tho Gregorys he has plenty of pluck, andaever knows what it is to bo beaten." With the above wo all agree, oxoept that we were hitherto inclined to think that Arthur Gregory was not noted for tho pos session of plonty of plnok in big cricket, but of course if the only Charlie tells us a different tale we must accept it, even, though it be cum grano salis. m 9 " . . . . Irednle is a sound batsman nnd consistent performor. Like Moses, ho watches the ball carefully, and never rashly risks Lis wicket. He is a good out-field, but rather slow, and a very sure catch." Hora again the Terror is correct, for Noss Irodalo, though a firm bat and a suro catch, is a bit draught-horsey in tho field. He always appears to wear boots with load on the soles, recalling to mind Ned Gregory'-s old hoss with liis Sunday boots on. "... Callaway, liko Gre gory, disregards the ' off theory,' and hits well all round the wickot. While ho oc cupies the creases the spectators may be sure of a lively game. . . As a field, though fairly good at times, thore is room onough for improvement. His fault is an inclination to sluggishness. Now Sydney, my young friond, read this and mark, learn, and inwardly digest tho latter part of it. You missed a catch off Andy Newell on Wednesday through slug gishness. Now, now, don't say you didn't, bocauso you know you did. It must bo your livor, though, when I think it over, you are a good livor. But if you aro in clined to sluggishness, C.T.B. is inclined to sleepiness in the slips, oh ? » Of Andy Newoll, tho champion trundler says: "... He is a sure field, has plenty of pluck and ondurance, and should take a high place amongst our best players. In tho Now South Wales eleven of last year no one displayed bettor all-round form than Newell." That is all right. I am glad that C.T.B. did not toll us that Andy was once all nerves, because it is painful to recall his first appearance against old Graco's team. Andy, however, has got over all that, and is now rated as a bettor bowlor than Charlie himself — on a good wicket. I like Andy Newell, because he is full of enthu siasm. » " Donnan .... is another of the careful sort. In fact, his too-careful play of Lite has rather damaged his reputation. Originally. ho was '.a hard and true hitter, but. lapsed into the stonewall tactics, and for a season or two lost his brilliancy and the popularity it brought him. Ha is a fair field." ii The roferenco to Harry Donnan's batting is truo to life. Many a heartache has it caused me to think that tho mau who once spanked Turner, Ferris, and the other Aus tralian men about to the tune of 87 not out, had degenerated into a stone-waller — though his latest innings fortols a change. But Harry is bettor thau a fair field. He is a really good field, having vastly im proved of late years. It is not kind of the crock trundler to stigmatise him a3 he ho3 done. Regarding new players, Charlio makes mention of only two, viz., M'Fhorsou and Camphin, but considering Willie Richard son did him badly with both bat and ball last year, tho Terror might have given him a word. " W. Camphin will probably be asked to take part in tho principal matches this season. He is a good bat and fairly good field. It remains, however, to bo seen how ho will shape whon opposed to first-class crickotors." Well! well ! well ! Charlie forgets Sheffield's team. Lot us take you, good, kind, -indulgent reador, back a yoar or two. Wo have Boon Camphin against first-class players, not eleven but twelve, and he thou lianged Lohmn.il i), Attowell, Briggs, Peel, Sharps, and company about to tho extent of 71. Surely that is first-class company. But porhaps the old Bathurstian moans first-class company on each sido, with your own fellows growling at you like so many boars. To mako runs with good mon on your own sido ono requires to have an oily skin, so that the jars and jolts of tho big guns may slide off ploasantly. . The Bird takes upon itself to supp'y an item overlooked in tho Review of Reviews article, which otherwise is pretty complote. It says : " C. T. B. Turnor i3 usually placed by public judgment next (to Moses). Turnor made his appearance in Intercolonial cricket iu 1885 with but indifferent success, and it was not until the following yoar that his namo as a bowler was made. From that time onward ho has held tho position of premior bowler of Australia. . . To tho above I very deferentially add : Turner iu form is a hard-hitting batBinan, full of life, but just now is suffering from inability to make many ruus, partly through ill-luck, partly through recent ill- health, and partly through not practising j but he is expected to score as well as over this season. Ho is an energetic field, though anything but a reliable' oatoh, especially in the slips or at point. On his own wioket Turner is peerless as a bowler I would suggest that this be inserted as an appendix to thoissuo. The selectors have loft M'Eibbon out of the thirteen they havo now got together, from whom the eleven will be picked to meet the Englishmen. Charlio Banner- man has done himself no small injury by no-balling tho Bathurst bowlor. Few, if any, of the active cricketers of. Sydney regard M'Eibbon's action as suspicious, and they are quite at a loss to understand whore tho no-ball comes in. Bannerman's no-balling business knocked M'Eibbon clean out, and I suppose it alono is re sponsible for his omission from, tho team. 9 Umpire Humphreys no-balled M'Kihbon on Thursday, and at last Mao Bhied tho ball in earnest, Donnan getting it on the full. .Strangoly enough, tho umpire allowed this deliberate throw to pas3 un- hoedod. An umpire ought to bo perfectly suro before no-balling a bowler. For the life of me, I cannot see where M'Eibbon's no-ball comes in. The selection committee havo discarded Alick Mackenzie from tho thirteen. Tlioy aro very inconsistent. If ever there was a time when Mackenzie deservod picking, it is tho present. His batting is much cleaner, more vigorous, and more finished thau ever before, and ho is unsurpassable as a field. Mackenzie is gradually overcoming the habit of lifting them on tho off. But I think he will never got rid of it properly until he alters his stand at the wickets. He stands straight with his feet together, both firmly planted on the ground, aud natu rally cannot uso them quickly, hence the conscquont failure to make proper uso of his height and arm reach. W. G. Grace, Lyons, Massie, Gunn, and Trumble aro all tall cricketers, but in batting they have a much easier position at tho wickets than our young friend. The only Harry Donnan emerged from his shell on Thursday. Ho led off as of old, jumped out and drove hard to tho fence, reminding us all of a Harry Donnan that we had quite forgotten. The sari our Harry playod Stoddart-like till he had made nearly 80, and then he tailed off liko the voriost stonewallor till the coutury ap peared. That much-dosired accomplish ment realised Henry once moro stepped forth and bangod away. To think, oh ! it is sad to think of tho many opportunities of immortalising him self Harry has missed. To think that he can play so brilliantly and won't. If be were to always play this game Donnan. would be not only one of tho greatest bats men of the present day, but one of this; continent's very finest productions, taking rank with Murdoch, Mosos, aud Massie. » The weakest point in the country team, was neither batting- nor bowling; it was the need of an experienced skipper. Tho bowlers are not such duffers, nor are the fieldsmen such mugs, but they require tell ing where to bowl and where to field. Fhil Sheridan is down at Adelaide fixing up matters for tho first test match against England. Phil won't stand Coningham in the Australian team, but Charlie Turner.who 1b one of the selectors, includes Counio in tho probables. Charlio is right aud Phil wrong. The Graziers will soon bo ruling the world at cricket. They are not resting content after lowering the crest of twenty- two, but are' actually' tackling thirty- three. If tho Grazioi'b can lick such a number, a goodly proportion of them must be mugs of the purest china. » » o If Bob Turner does not turn out as good a cricketer as his renowned brother ho ought to. They are a3 like each other iu build, style, carriage, and ovary littlo action on the field as two swallows in tho air. They bat, bowl, and field alike. Some of tho old fellowB who wear goggles sworo solidly that Bob was Charlie on Mon day afternoon. But as usual, the crusty old customers were wrong. Some over ardent spirits woro out ou the terraces tho other afternoon watching the cracks at the nets. A weather-beaten old man, with a faded silk coat, a pair of spectaclos, a gingham that looked vener able and holy, eamo along, with a friond. "Why, blo38 my soul, that's Charlie Turner batting," said he to tho youagor man of tho same kidney. " You mean bowling ?" said tho other. " Oh no, I moan batting." Then adjust ing -his spoctaclos, " Why, dash my oyes, it's Charlie Turnor bowling, and he's bat ting, too. My oyos must bo getting weaker. Surely this is not somo phantom of my brain," And tho old man wiped tho beads of perspiration off his caroworn brow. " No, no," said a bystander, kindly. " Your eyes and brain are all right. That is Charlio Turner and his ghost, in the person of brother Bob,' who is down from Bathurst to. play with the Western Dis tricts." "Well, I nevor in all my days saw such a resemblance between two mon," concludod tho weather-beaten one as ho collapsed upon a seat. " It's quite a relief to know that my oyes havo not failed me." ' 