CONSECRATION OF A COUNTRY CHURCH. Yesterday afternoon the Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. H. H. Montgomery) consecrated the Parish Church of D'Entrecasteaux, dedicated to St. Mark the Evangelist, and situate at Port Cygnet. There was a crowded congregation, the seating accommodation being quite inadequate, and large numbers were compelled to stand throughout the service. The ss. Nubeena took many visitors from Hobart, whose number would have been considerably augmented had the weather been less threatening. At 2 o'clock the Bishop and clergy left the Parsonage in full canonicals, and after walking round the exterior of the church the Bishop booked at cheddar of the church, at the same time saying " Open ye the gates " ; the doors being opened, he entered the porch uttering the woccIb " Peace be unto this house." The clergyman's churchwarden, Mr. J. B. Laffer, road The customary petition praying for the cons oration of the church, and he was supported by Messrs. 0. Gilbert and J. A. Clark, peoples' wardens, and Mr. F. P. Bowden, St. Mark's lay representative at Synod. Leaving the sanctuary, the Bishop proceeded to the font, then to the lectern, as an rails and I the altar itself, dedicating each to the use of Divine worship. The Rev. S. Bucknell, Bishop's Chaplain, read the formal episcopal accession to the request of the parishioners for the conservation of their church, and the Bishop then declared the Church of St. Much the Evangelist, D'Entrecasteaux, was set apart for divine service, -at from all profane and common uses." Rev. Canon Whitington preached from 1 Cor. vi., 19, "Know ye not that, your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost." The choir of All Saints', Hobart, under Mr. T. J. Haywood, give a reverent and devotional rendering of the consecration service, which included Gounod's beautiful anthem " O send out thy light," and the psalms of the day were sent to chants written by Mr. Stanley Chipperfield, organist of St. David's Cathedral. It Stemtda matter of regret that the local choir did not take a prominent part in this portion of the service. A brief interval separated a service of confirmation, when eight candidates were pre- suited for the lit j of Laying on of Hands by the Bishop, In the morning there was a service of adult hiptUni. The clergy assisting the Rev. W. M. Hurburgh, incumbent of the church, were Rev. Canons F. Whitington, 11. R Finnis, und Revs. S. S. Bucknell, and Du C titlogou. The church building is somewhat above the average type of Tasmanian country churches of the last decade. The order of architecture is early Kurdish, and it was designed by Mr. Flack Ricards, of Hobart, whose intentions have been most con- Scientiously carried out by Mr. W. H. Smith, of Port Cygnet. The building is so placed Hut the chancel is in an almost due easterly position. The interior is plain, and partly plastered and partly wainscoted in blue gum, which very much resembles light oak. The church in well lighted, the windows of the sanctuary being in cathedral glass of varied subdued colours. The altar and its adjuncts indicate that the incumbent adheres strictly to the rubric directing I have to be done decently and in order." One laudable feature is that the seats in the church are entirely free and unappropriated. Although the nave has been standing for 21 years it was not strictly set apart for divine worship. When the need for the enlargement of the building arose the church officers decided that a chancel and porch should be added, and when this was done the church should be consecrated [entirely to divine worship. Hence the service held yesterday after noon. At the conclusion of the proceedings the Rev. W. M. Hurburgh and the ladies of the congregation entertained their visitors at luncheon at Harvey'a-hotet. Mr. Hurburgh was the recipient of warm congratulations upon the creditable manner in which he had superintended the arrangements generally. Although the number of visitors from Hobart was not so large as had been anticipated, those who went had nothing to complain of in the trip by the Nubeena, which made excellent time both outward and homeward. Captain Whitehouse) and his assistants were most assiduous in caring for the wants of their passengers, and succeeded in making the trip thoroughly enjoyable. An Optical Illusion Head the following four lines over carefully four times, then, closing the open, a fac-simile of the lines as read will appear in large letters of deep crimson. This is a fact If you wish your Linen White as Snow, Miller's " magic " Soap Will make it m. " KEATING'S POWDER ? destroys BUGS, FLEAS. MOTHS, BEETLES, and all other Insects, si whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterminating Beetles the success of this powder is extraordinary, It is perfectly clean in application. See the article you purchase is " KEATING'S." i.e., with the signature Thomas Keating on each tin as imitations are noxious and ineffectual. Sold in Tins 6d.. Is. each, by all chemists. 