A GHOST YARN. On the outskirts of Hollerton, a large northern town of some importance as a manufacturing centre, there stood a few years ago a house of considerable size, which was commonly said to be haunted. In its palmy days it bore the name of Hollerton Grange, and dated back about a hundred years. It was in a terribly dilapidated condition. Not a whole pane of glass remained in the front, owing to the factory lads exercising the privilege, to which they considered they were entitled, of using the windows for target practice. Nearly all the chimney-puts had succumbed to the furious wintry blasts that came driving across Hollerton Moor, whilst many of the tiles had shared a similar late. At one of the eornera of the roof there stood fragments ot a wooden belfry. Some people confidently averred that the bell therein occasionally gave forth a doleful peal, whicb boded bad times and sudden deaths. Portions of a lattice porcb, which had broken away from its fastenings, hung like a huge cobweb over the door, which was thus preserved to some extent from the depredations of the weather. The last tenant and owner was Sqaire Dudley, to whom also belonged many broad acres in the district. At the age of forty he married a girl of seventeen. Incompati bility of temper, it was said, led to frequent misunderstanding and quarrelling; and angry voices, and sometimes fcivams, were heard proceeding from the dwtHi.is;. Two sons were born to the couple. Tu« elder, soon after attaining his majority, went abroad to seek his fortunes. Disagrees nt with his father and an inclination fjr roaming life led to this decision. 1 younger turned out a good-for-notbi v I scapegrace. Having made serious inroads) into his father's resources, and having rendered himself liable to petal servitude by embezzlement and forgery, he fled the neighborhood and country. Then every thing iii that house went swiftly to rack and ruin ; and one winter, about Christmas time, Squire-Dudley and his wife mysteriously disappeared. After a brief interval, the creditors tookpossession, stripped the house of its contents, leaving only a little lumber; and from that day to the time of which I write, rats, spiders, and the reputed ghost were its only occupants. According to common report, no human foot had crossed its threshold for at least ten years- The gossip of the neighborhood teemed with accounts of the awfal sounds that bad been heard issuing from the building. Groans, shrieks, and piteous wails, unlike any that had ever come from human Hps, broke upon the midnight darkness. The bell, that seemed to sob and moan, had scared many a traveller into rapid flight Such was the story related to a little convivial party, in which I was included, seated around the smoking-room fire of the Crown Hotel, Hollerton, on the 23rd December, 18—. The party consisted of two London commercials, both of them friends of mine, a rich grocer, who related the stoiy, the leading draper of the town, and myself—Tom Smith. The grocer thoroughly believed in the "spurritel manifestations," as he termed the doings of the ghost. The other men were slightly sceptical; as for myself, I utterly and emphatically pooh-poohed everything attributed to the ghost. " Well," said the grocer, with warmth, " Ah wouldna spend a neeght in that hawsome place for a thusand pun P He had been decidedly nettled at the ridicule £ had thrown on the absurd alarms of the people, and now leaned forward in my direction, and, with his hands firmly grasping his knees, said : " Noo, Maistre Smith, and what a' you got to say ? What's your figure, eoom noo?" " I am prepared," I answered, much to the grocer's consternation, "to spend tomorrow night—Christmas Eve—in that house alone, on condition that you and the other gentlemen will guarantee that the sum of MQO be paid to me oa Christmas Day." It is needles*, to. detail the discussion that ensued. At last, a document WBB drawn up, and signed byaUpreeeat.to thn effect that I was to receive the earn named on carrying out my part of the agreement. I bargained for a chair bedstead, bedding, and blankets, a parcel of sandwiches, and a flatk of whiskey. &ate; in the afternoon of th$ ne$t day the grpcer called for me in a covered spring-cart, which contained the chair bedstead, bedding, and blankets. The draper, the landlord,-and my two London friends had already started to walk to the mansion. That journey up the hill was the most dismal ride I ever had in my life. The grocer seemed bent on shaking my resolution by creating a panic in my breast. I half suspected that the solioitude he displayed for my welfare, as well as for that of my wife and relations, arose from a sneaking reluctance to part with hiB money in the event of my winning the wager. Much to my relief, we at last reached the summit of the hill, and stopped at the habitation of the ghoBt. Fortunately, the landlord had brought a few tools. The ruBty padlock on the gate soon yielded to the superior force of chisel and hammer; but the gate itself showed a decided objection to surrender. At length, with a prolonged screech, it gave way to our united efforts. A rustle among the rank herbage signified the commotion we had created in the various families of noisome creatures which populated the garden. Time and patience were required to re' move the cobweb of demoralised lattice work and aspiring plants, which, in graceful confusion, screened th9 well-oonditioned dooT. We used every possible device, with the aid of chisels and hammer, to force open that door, but without the slightest effect. Only the biggest crowbars in Hollerton would have prevailed against this doughty champion of the Dudley domain. «Ve tried the back entrance; but this was SO strongly barricaded that nothing bat a keg of gunpowder would have brought it to reason. There was no help for it but to Becure anentrancebyoneofthefrontwindows. The lowest window stood some 6ft. from the garden level. By dintof perseverance and the assistance of my companions from behind, I at length reached the 6ill, broke away the ntten sisb, entered the room, and tbuscar- . d the eiego. It was certainly a hazirdi-ua proceeding. Tha flior might have been \- away by rats, and t p'unged into the darkness and horrors of the cellar below. We got the bedstead safely into the room. I intended, however, to seek less exposed quarters for my night's rest. My friends, who were in the garden, were preparing to leave. " I say, you follows, wait a minute. I may want your help," I exclaimed. " Oh, yes, I daresay 1" was the low reply. I made my way upstairs, through inches of dust, and piles of piaster, merrily whistling, as I ascended, the "Ratcatcher's Daughter." Instantly the ra v s tnok the alarm. A wild stampede ensued. Upstairs and downstairs, and every room, seemed garrisoned with legions of rodents. The creatures rushed, end fought, and squeaked, fliw at my legs, and raised a thick cloud of dust, like the smoke on a battlefield. What a short- sighted fool I bad been not to include a stout blackthorn, or a poker, amongst the articles I bargained for. On the first landing I stood still for a few moments. The din created by the panicstricken legions gradually died away into silence. I found that one of the back rooms looked a less undesirable plsce for my night's rest than the room below. The windows were sound, and the flooring seemed tolerably proof against the incursions of the vermin. So I decided to get the bed upstairs. I begin to descend, and once more whistled the " Ratcatcher's Daughter." It was evidently the rats' call to arms; for immediately the mighty host assembled from all nooks and corners, hurry- scurrying, squeaking, and fighting amongst themselves. I seized a loose piece of skirting-board that stood in a corner, and flourished it right and left on the walls, the fl coring, and the stairs, finally driving the whole garrison helter-skelter, pell-mell down the stairs, and through an open trap-door near the kitchen, into the depths of the cellar beneath. As I closed that trap-door I said aloud "Exit, ghost; now for a long sleep and then the hundred pounds 1" I walked with an air of triumph, carrying the skirting-board over my shoulder, to the,window of the front room. The look of consternation on my friends' faces amused me immensely. " Don't be alarmed," I exclaimed. " I've only been expelling the ghosts. They've all gone down below." " What do you mean ?" aeked Taylor. " Why, the rats, to be sure! I was right, you see, after all," I laughed extravagantly. The grocer still stood on guard at the gate, .looking shocked at my boisterous hilarity. " All rats and mooUshine 1" I called out to him lustily. He gave me a vacant, incredulous stare. "Now, then, you fellows," I said to Taylor and Jackson, " I found a snug room; you'll have to help me upstairs with the bedstead and then you may go." " But that wasn't part of the bargain," said the draper. " I suppose we must concede the point," said th? landlord. " He'd catch his death of cold in that parlour, and then we should all be indicted for manslaughter." " Come on," said Taylor and Jackson. I quickly assisted the two men into the parlour, and we carried the bedstead to the room I had selected. Then my friend 3 beat a hasty retreat. The dusk was gathering fast, and the place looked uncanny, and, emphatically, uninviting. " Won't you stay and have a smoke before you go ?" I aeked. "No, thank you," Jackson replied. " Good night, then." " Good night," they both replied, in a tone which seemed to imply that it might be the very last time they would have the opportunity of saying those words to me. I went down into the parlor, and saw my friends safely into the garden. " Anything you want to say before we go $' asked the landlord, seriously. U N>, thanks, only don't sbie stones in the middle of the night. Ab, that letter, my wife. By the way," I called out to the landlord as the men were walking away. I cleared my throat as the landlord returned to the window. " If I am not here at 8 o'clock, but there I It's ridiculous, still there's no harm, if I do happen to be out walking when you come ia the morning just take a Utter which you wili find inside my portmanteau, will jou, and post it to my wife ? It's nothing important; but still I thought I might mention it." " All right; I'll bear in mind." I waved my hand as the party were disappearing at the gate, aud shouted : " E ; ght o'clock sharp, remember 1"' I arranged the bedstead in a corner of my chamber, and, with the aid of a pitc of skirting-board, and two heaps of plaster, made a rough stand, on which to place the candlestick. I wetted my lips with the contents of the fl isk, made myself comfortable on the bed, and took from ray pockst the best tonic I know of for luw spiiits—" P.ckwick." Now and then I Imrd indistinctly the uproar going on amongst the rats in the bhek hole of the nether regions. The sensation arising from their proximity was not a pleasant one. They might find some means of escape from the cellar, and attack me in full force. After two or three hours' reading I felt drowsy, ate a sandwich, resorted to the flask, and went off into a troubled slumber. I awoke in a fright. A moaning and wailing, like that which my friends and I heard on the previous night, greeted my ears. It came during a lull in the wind, and sent a tremonr through my blood. A stray rat scudded across the fl or and disappeared down some convenient hole. I hoped devoutly he was not a scout sent out from head-quarters to reconnoitre. Like a timid school-girl, I pulled the blankets over my head, and tried to woo repose. The wind increased to a fiifal gale. came in sudden, terrific blasts, lashing the back of the house, shaking the foundations, hissing and groaning through gaping holes and a thousand crevices. Once or twice the house seemed to rock, and plaster fall to the dcor with a dull thud. I began to fear the who^e cr^zy fabric would collapse, and I would be buried in tbe ruins. Yet I felt I dare not leave that room, even to save my life 1 I looked at my watch. It was nearly eleven. Just as I took np my " Pickwick" again, the bell rang out thres sonorous, dismal strokes. Each stroke seemed a groan of anguish. Was this my death knell? Was something awful about to happen to me? Again that weird, mufllad, unearthly wailing! Was there, actually, some lost, wandering spirit, escaped from Purgatory, inhabiting the house ! I listened for many minutes j and then, above the howling wind, a souud reverberated through the house, which I shall never forget. It Wf e like the pitecus, expiring cry of Borne poor soul in direst agony. It was no bla6t oi wind, nor knell from the bell above, nor gibberingg, and mutterings of ghosts an t gcblius, it was human ! My blood ran cold ; my teeth chattered ; I trembled from head to foot. A presentiment of an approaching encounter with a It creature of appalling aspeot unnerved me. It was now two o'clock. Six hours more of this horrible suspense ! There was a noiBe of footsteps overheard, followed by an outcry, like a dog baying at the moon. The wind, at intervals, still dashed against the house; and at every gust I thought my end had come. I lay down and wrapped myself in the blankets, hoping to dispel the shivering sensation that ran through me. A prolonged wail, and loud sobs ! I must make an efl\»t to search the house, and find from whom these noises came. Meiciful powers ! I could not move ! I was losing the use of my limbs ! I fell into a semi-unconscious state. It was not sleep, it was more like a fearful nightmare without slenp. All strength forsook me. I felt utterly powerless, paralysed in every limb. The sense of bearing vanished! My eyes were closed against my will; I could not open thom. All that I was conscious of was a sensation of the utmost terror. I thought I was dying, or passing into another state, or anothtr world. Presently I felt something touching my neck, like cold, icy fingers, or cold steel, Thm before my closed eyes there seemed to stand a glowing light. I tried to epeak; but my tongue clave to my mouth. Agein those icy fingers at my neck ! My coat and linen about my neck were being unfastened ! I suddenly emerged from my torpid condition, 6»w the candle falling to the floor, and the figure of a gaunt, withering creatdr? leaving the room. Thfl figure was clothed, as it seemed, in a tattered groy giiment, and over her shoulders long white hair streamed. Is was but a mompn!a r y glance I had, for the candle was extinguished as it touched the fbor. I sprang to my feet. The bell again rang thrice. Then all was silent, save for the fitful Wind. I groped about for the match?*, but could not find them. I raised my band to my neck, expecting to feel trickling blood ; but there were no signs of any wound. At that moment I heard a low, plaintive voice on tha landing:—• " That wound, that ecar, it is there 1" I felt again at my neck, but with the same result as before. I groped about frantically for the matches, but in vain. Atter a few minutes the voice spoke a second time on ths landing or on the stairs. It muWr d two word?, rr-peited tbrice at intervals : —The Resurrecicn 1 the Resurrection ! the R-surrcetion I" The a-orls rose and fell with mournful cadence, mingled with terror and helplessness, and gradually died away as the speaker withdrew to a distance. I stepped toftly on to the landing. It was in pitch darkness. I dare not move either to the upper or lower rooms without a light to guide me. I returned to the chamber, sat on the side of the bed, and listened for further sounds. Surely, I thought I was strong enough to cope with the apparition, however murderous its intention might be. Why should I succumb to cowardice 1 I heard the boards creak in the room above me, then low mutterings, as if coming from two or threa voices—next, a steady footstep pacing to and fro, ceasing for a moment, and renewed on the stairs, nearer and nesrer the footstep advanced. Horror! that torpid sensation was stealthily creeping o7er mo again, which I felt powerless to resist! There was the glimmer of a light through the haif-open door, the footsteps abruptly stopped, a Iond, though tremulous voice pealed and echoed through the house: " Richard, Richard, Richard Dudley ?" The voico recalled my ebbiDg senses. A thousand thoughts surged in my brain. Was I really a human being, or had I pssied into a transition state, bordering on the world of spirits ? Again that voice: " Richard, Richard, R : chard Dudley I" I started to my feet and made my way to the landing ; and there at the foot cf the etairs stood the woman clad in grey, a candle held aloft in one hand, and a framed portrait cf a youth in tbe other. I gaz?d in speechless, awestruck am- zoment, for I beheld in that aBhen, withered face—my own mother 1 * * * * I was, indeed, Richard Dudley, the elder eon of the squire. On leaving home and England soma 20 years previously, I had assumed the came of " Tom Smith" in ordsr to evade pursuit by my father, who was dfpperftUly rr;nop:d to my departure* The name k%& cliina -o mo '"f?r price. T had re'urn*..a 13 . ~iUi my wild 1 about two months before the date of my story. News came, when abroad, of my father's misfortunes, my brother's flight, and later, of my father's death by his own hand, and later etiil, of my mother's death, and of her burial at Leeds. On returning to England I settled in London and formed an engagement with a good commercial h us?. Bsf>re Ions, scraps of information came to my ears concerning the doings of certaia cousins of mine in tha North. I b9gen to grow suspicious that they were appropriating money that rightfully belonged to mo. I heard they had eet afloat a statement that I had died in Australia not long after arriving there. A bachelor uncle in Scotland who, when I lefc home, was in poor circumstances, had eudden'y attained considerable wealth, but only survived two or three years to enj >y it. I believed that lie left me a legacy, or e!se, if he died intestate, that I was entitled to the whole of his property. I had placed the matter in the hands of a Scotland lawyer, arranging to meet him tn Hollerton on Christmas Day to hear the results of his inquiries. I purposed, before returning to London, to search for my mother's grave at Leeds, and also in order to gain an entrance into the Grange in order to revive recollections of boyhood, and examine the internal condition of the house. No one of the company at the " Grown" was aware of my real identity. I wished ta remain, at less' for the present, " Tom Smith," lest the train of secret inquiry I bad set on foot should in any way be defeated, I Tecopnised the grocer; but, of course, he had not the faintest suspicion that I was Richard Dudley, and that tbe "haunted hoo-e" was my birthplace. When tbe su'>j -ct of the haunted house came up, I natural y felt deep interest. I had not th« shadow of a fear that any ghost or human beiog inhabited the building, and seizd the opportunity offered for easily winning a hundred pounds. Little did I dr?am that the reported death of my mother was false, &nd; that in a few hours I should meet her in the flesh. The meeting was, indeed, 1-ke a resurrection to both of us. I prpfer to draw a veil over much that passed between us from the moment of recognition to th9 time my friends returned. My mother led the way to a small attic-chamber, lighted by a window in the roof. Out of boxes and other lumber, left behind by tin creditors, the had contrived to form a table and a rough bedstead. And hero, secreted from the •world, she had lived in solitude, as I afterwards learned, for seven or eight years. It was many days before I c juld obtain a coherent outline of her sad history. She had gone to the South with my father— both of them broken down in health and fortune. When every avenue for finding <3 means of livelihood seemed shut out, my father destroyed himself. Then my mother, friendless, distracted with grief, and her mental faculties undermined, conceived a longing to return to the old house and die there. At length, unknown to anyone, she managed to find her way to the Grange, and settled down in that attic-chamber. About once a month, on a Saturday night, she was in tbe habit of going, thickly veiled, to Hollerton, to procure previsions. Her mode of egress was down a narrow staircase, outside the attic, leading to the stable yard, and which must have been constructed after my departure from home Avoiding the main road, and never entering into conversation with any one, ebo bad contrived to preserve her place of retreat a profound secret. To evade observation fhe had always prepared hei' food during the night (sleeping in the day-time) so th it the smoking chimney might not betray her presence. The fuel she us*d was woodwork, broken away from the house itself. She suffered frcm aberrations and delusions; and after nightfall, she usually gave vent to her inconsolable grief, at the loss of husband, children, aud worldly good", in piteous cries and lamentations. When she awoke from her slumbers that Christmas Eve, she suspected someone had intruded into the house. After a long search she discovered me in the very room where I was born! And whenca came the money to supply her wants 1 From those cunning relations of mine 1 Once a quarter they met her in the market- place, hopiDg each occasion would prove the last, and gave her just sufficient money for her bare necessities. She was my uncle's sole legatee—a fact which came to light from the lawyer's inquiries. Failing her my uncle's possessions passed to me. The cousins proved, at least to the satisfaction of the court, that both my mother and I were dead, and they were then permitted to deal with the estate. My mother had no knowledge of my ancle's (ieitb, or of fhe wenltfc he fafd Repaired At eight o'clock on Christmas morning I looked out at the front window and theTe were my friends waiting in the read. They waved their hats on ee ing me. I went down to them, and they quickly perceivcd from my appearance that something had happened—but what, they were at a loss to divine. In a few hurried words I explained who I really was aod what had occurred since they left me, but I exacted from them a promiso of absolute secrecy about me and mine. They stared at me in silent astonishment, not unmix*-'? «ith doubt, particularly in the case of the grocer, who I am convinced entirely discredited my statement until he had seen the " ghost" for himself. Th<n he slowly recognised the former mistress of the Grange. The landlord went back to Hollerton to send up a fly, and to have a room prepared at the hotel for my mother. It was a difficult matter to persuade her to leave her retreat; but, at last, my arguments prevailed, and by ten o'clock on Christmas morning she was comfortably housed at the hotel. I was not at all surprised that tbe grocer, whose methods of doing business suggested a legitimate descent from Shylock, maintained that I had not won the " vceeager, M because it was made, on my part, under false pretences. He yielded, howerer, at last, and before the Christmas dinner wss served, I received an envelope cC'Bt&sning; bank notes to the value ol a hundred pounds. Curious readers are referred to tbfi Law RepDrt^ for the history of my proceedings against those clever relation?, who had been living on fraudulen-.ly acquired property. 