NEW SODTH WALES. ARCHDIOCESE OF SYDNEY. .HE DEVIL IN THB NINETEENTH CHN- 1 TUET. ijritl- Australian, Sydney.) A.lecture on "The Devil in the Nineteenth Century " was delivered in the deration Hall, Harrington-street, on Tuesday evening, 16th October, by the lev. P- Le Rennetel, S.M. The spacious Wl'was crowded in every part by an intelligent and appreciative audience. The chair was occupied by the Hon. L. F HevdoD, M-L.C., and upon the platform were seated the Eight. Rev. Jfonsignor O'Brien (Hector of St. John's College). Rev. Dr. Aubrey, S.M., and Mr. D- O'Connor. . . The chairman, in introducing the lecturer, made allusion to his high intellectual ability and scholastic attain, meats, and touched upon his services as a soldier in the army of France and his acquaintance with the views and aims of the many nations. The rev. gentleman, he said, also held an honourable position in the Conncil of Advisers to hit Eminence the Cardinal. A perfect ovation greeted the lecturer OB rising, and he, in a graphic and humorous address, proceeded to deal with the subjeot matter of his lecture. The rev. lecturer (after stating that if we took the consensus populi as a criterion of certitude we must believe in the existence of the devil) said it was held by many persons that the less people believed in God the more credence they placed on the devil and superstition. The devil was a being which Almighty God made good, but who fell away from goodness through self-conceit and. pride. A little boy was once asked who made the devil. His answer was, " God made him an angel, but he made himself a devil." A great many people said the devil never existed; that he sever had an objective existence. Therefore, if he said the devil really existed he must be classed amongst the infinite number of fools. Sow could any man in Australia doubt the existence of the devil, for everyone wore by the devil every day. If the devil wag not at work in society, how wu it they had so many unemployed in the city during the last two or three years, and they saw men going about with despondent looks and sunken eyes P How was it that all the practitioners in dark sciences carried on a most profit* able trade P How was it that when they hungout the signboard of deception at their doors they were sure to have immense crowds go to them day after day and give them their shillings. The practitioners in dark sciences were patronised not only by servant girls—oh, no, but if they happened to pass by they would see House would pay them a regular call every week, going there dressed in sitks and wearing hats of the latest fashion. What to doP To consult an old witch, a toothless, faded-away old woman, wlio had failed in everything else, but who succe^ed; hfJStfd-expectation in telling yo^oglidyg^h^' tnenHhey were goiDg tp marry, and speaking to old dames of tjheir woes and jpys, and or their by-gone lbveldays. Utafyotie wbo Was a wizard ^assure to succeed iqltbs^ trade on following' twp condi^ns^'and only two. He, OT -ahe^eeiuse it was, generally speaking, carried on by persons, of the female sex—must promise happiness to the young ladies, and they mast tell the married women they made a mistake when they were married. Speaking of spiritualism, Fr. Le Rennetel said it was nothing new to the world. It was condemned by the books of the Pentateuch and eensured by many doctors of the Church. But modern spiritualism may he said to .Have commenced in the year 1818 with cer|tain noises which occurred in a hotise temporarily occupied by Mr. Fox and family. at- Hydesvilie, in the State of New York. . From America .it spread to Europe, and lately it was introduced into. Australia. At the spiritualistic seances noises occur, Toices are heard; there are-writings on slates, tying and untying of knots, ghosts appear, and'materialised subjects are taken photography. Bat those 'phenomena aw there cnild's play when compared with the tricks performed by conjurers U full gaslight! and we have to examine whether they could not all be produced by trickery and jugglery. Leaving aside the opening and closing of doors, whioh may be produced .by •developing and bringing, jntp aotion some unknown physical force, they vvobld take the phenomena one after the other, and see that certain instances which were given to the world as spiritualistic manifestations were nothing but fraud, and the result of trickery. The tablerapping, table-lifting, chair- sliding, and si ate-writing were explained by Dr. Knaggs, who discovered that these phenomena were brought about by the foot of a celebrated medium. The apearance of ghosts and spooks in a room Ead been proved to be, in the case of medium Hackett, done by means of a wire holding a mask with gauze, which had previously been dipped in phosphorescent oil. But what about photos, of a ghost P If the spiritB were not materialised, surely their portraits could not be taken. No! But the celebrated paper'told us how a very well-known English medium, who had the spirits at her command, and could bring about their materialisation, through some unhappy accident when the photographic apparatus was in position, the curtain behind which the medium was making preparations to receive the ghost fell. The photograph was taken, and the plate, when developed, revealed the fact that the ghosts consisted of two or three masks which her ladyship had tied with a handkerchief at the back of a chair. Now, if so many of the spiritualistic benomena had been caused by fraud, Ead we not good reason to doubt the genuineness of others. We should not allow ourselves to be imposed upon by spookmongers. If there were spirits a? these seances they could not be good, because God Almighty, forbade by His Holy Writ good spirits to visit us to deceive us. There was nothing but fraud, trickery, and trumpery in these things. At a seance held at* Newtown one of two ministers present asked the ghost about a mine in Queensland. "There are millions of pounds in it," said the ghost. The minister invested every penny he had—£4000 or £5000 —and just five days afterwards the mine was declared bankrupt. He had evidence that the spirits told lies. If they told lies they could not be good. There were about 300 inmates in a lunatic asylum near Paris, and 56 of them were the victims of spiritualism, which made people connected with it nervous and mad. If in some of these phenomena there were any spirits there would not be goodness, since the spiritualists told us they frequently told lies. Hence we must come to the conclusion that these stances cannot have any attraction for any man of sense, and that they are most dangerous by developing superstition, and causing all sorts of physical and intellectual evils. At the conclusion of the lecture Mr. D. O'Connor proposed a vote of thanks to Dr. Le Rennetel for his eloquent and intellectual lecture, which was carried by acclamation. 