ParraiuattaMayoralElcction. Mayor Byrnes Re-Hlcctcd. For the Fittcenth Time. The Council Chambers, lobby, stairs, and hall were filled on Thursday evening by an eager, expectant crowd, eager to see what was the next move that would bo taken in tho Munioipal game that has been the focus of all eyes for tho past fortnight. At 7.30 there was not even fatanding room in the chamber or lobby and as those fortunate enough to get a seat gazed at the empty chairs round the table, bets were freely entertained that there would not bo a quorum. At 7.30 Alderman Thorpe, looking even more important than usual, stalked to his seat, closely followed bv A1-W- man Bladon. Then oame straggling in Alder men Ferris, Withers, Saundors, Moxhani, Sparks, Taylor, the Oounoil Clerk, Dixon, Miller (whoso appearance causod A SltUFPLB OP JOY among the brigade at the baok), Campbell, and last of all tho Mayor. His Worship seemed a ? ttifl.0 worried, but was evidently quite at his oase about tbo result of tho proceedings, and, after a short conversation with Mr, Wiokham, announoed tho object of tho meeting ? the elootion of a mayor for tho municipal year 1891-5, and also stated that he had that day received a letter from Mr. W. H. Piggott, on behalf of. Mr. G. Blaok, stating that that gentleman intended to TEST THE VAtlDITY of the late election for Anderson Ward in the oourt, and warning him (Alderman Byrnes) not to act iu any aldermanio capacity. He was, therefore, that night merely presiding aa Mayor, till his suooessov was appointed. Tho contents of the announcement hiring been pretty well known hours previously, no sensa tion was ' caused at its authoritative publicity, but when Alderman Ferris popped up to at tention, and commenced 'Mr. Mayor,' ail eyes were turned on him, waiting for what was to oomo. Alderman Withers oaused a slight divertissement by reading as Returning Officer tho sworn declarations of the returned aldermen and auditors, aud then The Miutaby Man plunged at ouce into tho breaoh. II o proposed Alderman C. J. Byrnes aa Mayor for the muuicipal year. Alderman Byrnos had been blamed for the depression, though he had as muoh toilowitJi it as ' Ohnrlie'ri Aunt' had with Uio fact that Htighia .Milier. had notbeoii eoon iu Parramatta sineo. polling day. Aider mnn Byrnos had always treated him as a gontUmuu, nntl thoroforo ho thought ho was the best nnn thoy could got for Mayor, and. intonvlcd to givo him a loyal support, Alderman Sauudors seconded tho resolution in his earnest, whole-hearted manner. All tho pooplo of Tarraraatta know Aldormnn Byrnoa so well that it was more wasto of time ? to talk about his qualifications. Ho wus siiro Alder man Byrnes would do as ho had always done, everything for tho beat of tho town. Aldorman Miller, in a well thought out, short, logical spooob, proposed Aldorman W. G. Bladon for the chair. After tho way Iho oleotora had spoken with no uncertain sound on Saturday ho thought it was wrong in principln that one man should perpetually ocoupy tho, chair. Aldorman Campbell roso AS NlilDIiY A3 A TWO-YKAU-OLD and slowly and solemnly told every one that Alderman Bladou bad Rat at the table for six years. ' No no,' said Alderman B., ' .only ?I yours '.' ' Yes,' 'continued tho unopposed one, '? for four years ho has sat in that ohair, and ho's di;l it with credit.' Alderman Thorpe, old war-horao as he is, had been ohampiug his moustache aiid -shuilliug his feet eager to get into the fray, and when nt last his turn came, he charged right homo from the outset.' 'Your Worship m was, your Worship as is, and your Worship as -ever will lv, world without end ! All, . whrre's the beautiful baritone's A'lien ! ' faring got this oil' his chest, Mie blatant. ono. WADED IN THE GOKK of all the slauglrerod innocenti, whoso mangled and disfigured corpses ho Ins been gloating over with, thu delight of a ghoul over since ho was inadveitentl' hoisted into the Council, lie taunted the Mayor with cling ing to tho chair, though lie had been virtually defeated by an uukuown boy who the other day was only a conveyancer's apprentice. He knew that the result of the election iva-, a foregone conclusion, hut, never mind, he had the consolation of knowiug that Byrnes would be unseated and that Black would soon ba shedding the LIGHT OV HIS COTJXTBKANCB in their mystic circle. Then Alderman Taylor, who was like the little boy looking for an empty house to shy stones at, wanted an adjournment made to tho large hall, so as to allow Aldernun Thorpe's eloquence to be properly diffused around, but the Mayor declined to shift and TCIE BUELY BHJSTEREB of over Iho water wadod through Hunts Creek, crawled through all the water pipos in tho town, lavo'l in tho Baths, uncoverol onco again tho desicator, and paternally patted tho ho;u'. of the poor widdies who had been noarly ruined by tho Council, which through tho obstinacy of tho Mayor had lost huudreds in fighting theso lone interesting creatures. Ho drew a graphic pioturo of what ho would do when ho got in tbo chair, Everything would be lettered A.I, and he would ovon havo a littlo whiskey for tho aldermen aud ruto payers instoad of having fchazn drinking tho poisoned water from Hunt's Creek. Whon Alderman Thorpe was at last relieved for the time of all his well known impediments Alderman Moxham stood up and slaughtered him bo unmercifully that oven the snug com placent look that pervaded what oould bo seen of THE TlIOEEEIAN COUNTENANCE was noticed to pale and twitch as if tho truths had struck home. Alderman Moxham ridi culed tho ideu of Thorpe placing the onus of tho special audit on the shoulders of tho Mayor whon ho knew in his heart, and overy ono who had common sense could tea that tho audit was got up by tho misohanoo of Forrest Ward for his own aggrandisement. Alderman Ferris hero chipped in on a point of order, aud another gentleman, Mr. Lvons, who is not yet an alderman, volunteered the observation that ho was a gentleman, ' That'd right,' said the Mayor, ' try aud behave like one then, or you'll be put out.' Aldermau Moxham wound up by taunting Thorpo with acting the ghost round G-oro Ward, whon he was trying to get Airey in tho Council, and said Alderman Miller would not have been elocted had Thorpe buzzed round as ho did on former occasions. Alderman Taylor, evidently feeliug that ho sood alono, poked what ho oalled fun all round. He left off tho first G-eorgo Washing ton by saying that for tho 32 years. ho had bean in that Council ho had never hoard such a tirade of abuse as that delivered by Aldor man Moxbam. ''Threo of theso 'are parlia mentary candidates 'as spoke' (the old *uu follows his hoary chief in all things) ' aud I think i'll make a fourth.' 'Right,' said Alderman Moxham, 'that will be about your position on tho poll.' '? If wo all had justioe,' quoth tho parlia mentary orator of Parramatta, ' wo wouldn't be here.' 'Where would wo bo then,' eagerly asked Alderman Thorpe, '? in the jug ? '' Alderman Taylor ignored the remark, and magnanimously said he would give Mr. Blaok an opportunity to '-goat' the Mayor in Iho Supremo Court, though where his infereuce came in, or leave was required, was not mado clear. All elections were hanky-panky, at least all ho knew anytbiug about, ' and as for the papers,' roared Alderman Taylor, 'I nover take any notice of 'em, Tboy can say what they -like about me. Idou'fcoare what appears in their papeiy, because tho people who put these .things iu abiut me are people who have received benefits from me, therefore, they havo a right to say what they like.' Tbo ' venerable' then tacklod Alderman Moxham, and booame so personally offensive that ho had to be oalled tD order by the chairman. Ho concluded by publicly acknowledging that ho had often played ' hokey pokey,' as he oalled it, with tho Mayor and Aldermen. ' I've no doubt you know,' he said, ' that many of ray resolutions havo been rulod out of order. Well, now, look here, I don't mind telling you now . I knew, they were out of order when I put them on (laughter), but it suited mo all right, for iu a mouth or ko they were put into shape by somebody else, and that's what I wanted. Oh ! yes, they were out of order right enough, I knowed that.' Having un burthened himself of this confession, he sat down as pleased as if he had not covered himself with shame. The question was then put, and the amend ment was taken first with the result :— For Alderman Uladon: Aldermen Miller, Bladon, Campbell and Thorpe. Again' t : Aldermen Dixou, Ferris, Saunders, Moxham, Withers and Sparks . The resolution was put, aud the division called for by Alderman Thorpe showed : — For Alderman Byrnes : Aldermen Taylor, Dixon, Withers, Sparks, Moxham, Suunders and Ferris, Tho Mayor, in returning thanks for his election for Iho fifteenth time, delivered a long speeoh, neeessarily traversing the ground ho l»ad gouo over during tha reoent elootion. He justified all his past aotious in tho council and complained bitterly of tho unfair trentment ho had received from a oertain clique in Purra matta. Ho regretted tho venomous, spiteful, vindiotive (eoling that had boen aroused in the late contest by two or three individuals who knew nothing of tho aims or principles that aotuated and guided him iu life. A little INSIGNIFICANT INDIVIDUAL had sail on nomination day that he was afraid, snlbe tlmnkod hia friend Alderman Miller for manfully saying that ' Alderman Byrnes was afraid of no man.' Ho regretted tho defeat of Alderman Cox, who had lost his .seat through not canvassing his ward. The speaker then went on to reler to tho cause ot tho closo less ot the contest in Anderson Ward : 'It waB not the policy ot tho Mayor, but sympathy with an ofiiiier who was recommended fur dismissal. That particular officer was seeD canvassing at 6 o'olook in tho morning, und that was moro than ho had ever boeu S;cn doing his dul--.' Alderman Thorpe : ' What about tho Over seer of Works driving you abom all day electioneering during offlco hours.' This was too much for au excitod ratepayor sitliog in front, who had boan interjecting, and ?wiVs warnod srttonil times by tho 'Mayor. '??Yes, dnruil,' lio ImrsLotil, '' tlmt 'oio Love ;costs us £0 2h -ri wodw' '?I'll havo to havo you removed if you intor -nipt,' wild tho Mayor. ''?Iiaok here, dang it, I'll go out. I can't sit bore aud listen to you and keop my tempor, so I'll get.' Ho not. Tho Mayor continued his address, pulling ? .'' THE Ain\ VAIIItlO of Aldormnu T/iorpo's or.ilio.'i lo pioccs bit by bit, nud concludod out, of his host publio utter ances by lirnting tlioin to uphold the characlorof thoir public men, work in harmony for Iho good of thu town, and rise above tho uso of person alities, llo wound up an .- impassioned peroration by snyiug that when ho assumed his duties ho would carry thorn out in t.ho snmo impartial manner ho had over done. Thu proccoilings lliou terminated. 