Robbing Lodgings. Minnie Morgan, 22, servant, was charged before Mr. Edwards, D.S.M., at the Central Police Court to-day with having stolen a counterpane and a sheet, valued at 10s, the property of Annie Cooper. Prosecutrix, a widow, residing in Dick-street, Chippendale, said accused took a room in the house, and the property was missed on December 23\. Accused admitted having pledged them, and offered prosecutrix the ticket, and asked her to say no more about it. Accused was fined 40s or 2rdays. ? A rehearsal of Haydn's ?' Imperial Mass,' for the great charity concert in aid of the Sisters of St. Joseph, takes place in the Federation Hall to night. Members of choirs and others are invited to attend. The Victorian Premier has forwarded a com munication to the Governments of the sister colonies, stating that in view of the approaching postal conference in New Zealand, attention should be directed to the conditions of the new contract which will have to be entered into by the Australian colonies and the P. and O. and Orient Companies. Mr. Patterson states that a question of great importance is the inclusion in the mail contracts of conditions concerning the carriage of frozen meat and other products. An inter-club debate was held at Eockdale between the Eookdale Parliamentary Debating Society and the Christ Church (Enmore) Literary and Debating Society on the question ' That the principle of payment of members should be abolished.'' Mr. Taylor (Mayor of Eockdale), president jof the former society, occupied the chair. The Enmore society's representatives, Messrs. Meares, G- Parkes, and Howe, argued in the affirmative ; and the Eockdale society's repre sentatives, Messrs. Gale, Courtney, and Beaver, in the affirmative. The contest resulted in a win for the Enmore sooiety by 28 votes to 20. An entertainment was given by Mr. W. Jack son in the Town Hall, Harriokville, last evening. The programme was illustrated by lime-light dis solving optical effects. The programme 'included the following recitations : ' How Bill Adame Won the Battle of Waterloo,' f' Marley's Ghost,' and w Shamus O'Brien,' which were excellently ren dered by Mr. Jackson. Views of Ireland were also shown by the lime-light during the enter tainment. ' During a thunderstorm which broke over South Gundagai at 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, two horses were struck deadby lightning opposite the post office. , A serious fire occurred at Goondiwindi (Q.), which destroyed Lambeth Brothers' store, Lucas's Commercial Hotel, M'Nulty's saddler's shop, and Carl Hensler's residence. The damage done amounted to about .£6000, mostly covered by in surance. ? 