W.A. LHASES OFFERING IN ENGLAND. " At present there are numerous " West Australian mines offering in "England, but, for the moat part, " they have no titles, and the igno- " ranee in England of the constantly- " changing Goldfields Regulations " of Western Australia makeitdifficnlt " to do business without copies of the " Act." ThiB from a leading firm of brokers in London. It contains so much truth that it calls for the most serious consideration, and the local Mining Regulations Revision Committee, if they have not already devoted some thought to the matter, will doubtloBS do so before completing their labors. J t is one of the gravest drawbacks nnder which we exist. It is a well-known fact that a number of properties have been sent to London with the object of flotation to some of which the vendors have not the ghost of a title, and much legal worry and necessarily useless expenditure of money mnst eventually accrue to this state of things. Leases have been sent io the London market over which no protection has been secured, or guaranteed. If not actually jumped now, they are either liable to be so or carefully watched for a breach of the Regulations to occur, when the professional jumper, so much in evidemce on this field, seizes an opportunity to extract blackmail or obtain forfeiture." Our credit must be upheld, and onr interests as a whole carefully guarded, and to do this we must secure the co-operation of investors abroad, who, by insisting dn bona fides, obtaining the most reliable information from the spot, and studying the peculiarities of our mining laws, can do nucb towards improving the situation. At all hazards, and at any cost, this injurious state of things should be remedied. Our reputation is at stake, onr prosperity threatened with ruin, and our probity everlastingly damned if remedial measures are not adopted. Let thp people on this field unite in placing before the world a true state of the affairs here, for once a number of these mistakes or frauds, or whatever they may be, are brought to light, capital will fight shy of this field, and as it is London whence i» future we hope to obtain tbe money to develop most of our leases, it behoves us to carefully guard the interests of Bnglish investors, for by So doing we are securing our own advancement. It is a matter requiring grave thought, and in the revision of the Mining Regulations will doubtless occupy much attention. We feel sure that those who have the welfare of the community at heart will jom with us in attempting t« throw light upon shady transactions, to point out injurious errors, and to do all in their power to keep the name of Coolgardie sweet and unsullied before the Argus eyes of the mining world. The interleaved blanks in the copies of the Mining Regulations issued by the Government, and distributed over the fields for suggestions, should re%ult, if not in a solution of the difficulty, is a useful move in the right direction. The following telegram has been received from the Premier in reply to the message «ent by the Progress Committee I thank the people of Coolgardie for their kind message and for their congratulations on tbe completion of the telegraph ]ina to Ooolgardie. I have much pleasure in recording yomr appreciation of Mr Jobson's services. At the usual weekly Meeting of the Progress Committee, held on Thursday night, the resignation of Mr. C. 0 heesbroueh, av secret wv, was accepted, and a vote of thanks accorded him for past services. Sir. A. E. Smith was elected to fill the positioH. To mark the eomp'etioa of the telegraph line it was decided to send the following message the Premier :—The Progress Committee, on behalf of Coolgardie. dasire to congratulate you on the completion of the telegraph line, and also thank you for the speedy fu filmentof your promise. They also desire, through you, to record their full appreciation of Mr. Jobson's energetic conduct of work. The exceptionally high wind which prevailed during the week caused tent dweller ? to cast anxious glances in the direction of guy ropes and other attachments which hold the flimsy strnctures to mether earth. Last Thursday afternoon one homeless digger mi^ht have been seen pursuing his calico habitation, as with flatters and bounds it sped on its way to Colreavy* dam. When the absconding edifice had been captured by its dusty and breathless owner, the wind had reduced it to a tan/led mass of tatters, ropes, and broken twigs. A breakwind is a Btern necessity in this land of the ga(e)le. At *he request of a large number of gentlemen, Mr. J. L. Hindo has opaned a requisition to the Perth authority for a more extensive postal accommodation, and the list for signature, already a lony one, has baen tak»n charge of by us, and those interested should give us a call, to add their signatures. The matter certainly needs early attention. m a t The following message from tbe Municipal Council of Northam reached us on Tuesday :—People of this town and district unite with me in offeriag hearty congratulations to yonrsolfa*d people of Coolgardie on completion of telegraph, which must tend to advanee best interests of your valuable golifi^'-ds, on success of which depends : th« Kpnedy development of our agricultural settlement. Nice rains here to-day. By the coach which arrived last Wednesday evening, quite a number of notables invaded the town. Amongst them were Mr. F. Monger, M.L.A.., the well-known member of the firm of Monger and Co.; Mr. W. Moorhead, one of the ableat ^loaders who ever donned the wig and gown ; Mr. A. Y, Hassell. M.L.C.; and Mr. George Leake, late Crown Solicitor, and now member for Albany. Mr. Stone, of the firm of Stone and Burt, solicitors, is al«p in Coolgardie. The following meagre particulars are to hand respecting tbe Municipal Elections :—EoU will be made up on the 8th August, and the poll taknn on the 13th August, between the hours of 11 a.m. and 6 p.m. It is opined that the qualification to register will be limited to householders and owners of property. The Boaian Catholic church is now nearly completed. A committee has been formed te carry out the work, consisting of Messrs. McNaboe, Buckley, Donellan, O'Donnell and JKennedy, with Mr. F. S. Harney as treasurer and Mr. D. Day as secretary. As the building will cost about £200, the cordial assistance of all is invited, aud subscriptions will be received by any member of the committee. An important decision affecting working miners was given by the Warden last week in the case of Heffernan n. Keane, a claim for wagea. Plaintiff not being the holder of a miner's right, the case was dismissed. At first sight it would appear a great hardship for Heffernan to lose his just dues, but it must be remembered that any mine i» liable to be jumped for employing a miner who hw not qualified himself under the Act. and the cise under notice clearly shows thai each and every one on tha golds should without delay make themselrep acquainted with the Mining ftegulations. Returning Ja»t Wednesday from an inspection of a southern mine, our assistance was solicited in drenching a horse, which in consequence of having indulged in too much gabble pura, had b^en taken bad with griper. Aft»r a successful termination of the operation, we were invited by the owner of the horse into his humpy to see a friend of his who was lying inside, Blightly indisposed. An ordinary-looking Coolgardie picture met our gaze. A rude bunk with a profusion of horserugs scattered upon it. nestled among them a whitebearded elderly man—a typical prospector, with the exception that from England to Australia, from China to the States, his name, Elliort, is associated witb one of the richest flnd3 of gold that ever gladdened th>» beirt of man. Long may he lire to eniov his jood fortune. A meeting of about 25 gpnt'EMTIN FA •ble to formiagac. Exchange in Co 'l<ra hel.l on Saturday, t«e i4th ,iTs Mr umbr.e-Stpwa't's rooms m- ex-ctair.nan of tbs Melbourne S : hange. was voted to the chair Mi tmgham, of the Perth Ex :hat^e ki- *cted a, srere'ary, and explained^the oh, 4 Jt was P r «»o8-d by H. B. Pell,seconded by Mr J. H. Taylor t! au Exchange ba formed, to be called Coolgarlio Sbick Etching*. The motio was carried unanimously, after which bv ness and building commi tees were s pointed to draw up rules and arrange i building as Exchange. 4C„ &c.;,«nd the : gentlemen having enro led themselves •° bBCTi Ptfon*J it was ca'me 'hat the foundation members aumbBr sBBt= and1 that the three vacant seats „ balloted for on Saturday, toe 21st ipst on which date a fall meeting- was held, th three vacancies being filled out of app'ications. The budding committee ported havmg signed aa agreement fo lease of the exchange hall beino- eree for them, in Bayley-street, by Mr Phili which building wai to be eiecied wi three woks, under a £3 per day pona The business committee submitted which were adopted and ordered fr printed, after which the following ge men were elected officers for the eusuin twelve months Vance, chairman, Mr. A. Young vice-chairman, Mr. tingham secretary, Messrs. P»li Taylar and Danker committee, Messrs. * Stewarts and Cher?sbrongh auditors ; bank.r*, Union ' Bank. Th« various officers having returned thanks, it was carried that the Exchaifce censiat of 60 members, and that in accordance with tbe i ules five seats be offered at .£L0, to b» balloted for on Thuraday, the SBfch mst., Mr. Cumbra-.Srowart having kindly offered duing the building oft! Exchange the use of his rooms for m< e mra eto. The meeting cksed amid much enthusiasm. The old boys of Coolgardie will no danbt remember the numerous expeditions that i-xplorer Carr-Boyd led into the dark wildern lying within a few miles of 1 town. The gentlemen accompanying L^. on these occasions were generally of th white shirt brand of prospector, upia whom Carr did nut neglect to frequently impress tbe fact that so Ion- as they followad him they were safe. There h*Te been persons uncharitib!e enough to state that these excursions partook largely of the nature of picnics, and that Mosnfr Burggs was as tar north as the intrepid explorers ever travelled. Some assort tha after informing the party that his rec toning showed them to be hundreds of mil** away from civilisation and bar-room*, Canwould .disappear into Coolgardie to praot-.ce his latest song, the rest of th^ {party-., meanwhile believing then,selves to be in the latitude of the cannibal. According to the theory advanced, Carr's habit wm to return next morning, generally .accompanied by a blick eye and a s>re,"throat. And we tan only take cum graiw xalii the libel of one of his alleged victims, who declared on his honor as a b»nk clerk that oa hearing a strange noise in tbe forest one evening and inquiring the cause, they were informed by Carr that it was tbe cmnibals' dance of death, with gimlet-, wood accompaniment. The noise was subsequently found to emanate irom Bayley's Berdan pan and PankUst. Such state*, enta- fihonld be irame Uat.-ly suppressed, s they are calculated to icjnVB tTeTepu* ition of one of the most daring hn dignifi'd explorers since the days Bourke and Willi. We notice that the firm of O'Driscoll Scott and Uebbeck, with a spirit of ;enterpri^e worthy of this go-ahead community, decided the means of locomotion avai'able between the various centres of population by introducing the famous Humber line of bicycles, fer which they have secured the sole agency. From the extensive sale in otherparts we feel sure the Humber will be appreciated in this quarter. Th-y , ]so represent the New Howe and Vnnguiri companies. In tha meantime thev will be pleased to satisfy inquiries on alf matters relating to these machines. The Esperanse Bay and Coolcariia Trading Co., of Melbourne, have taken up * a building area in Bayley-street, wGst of the Post-office, and commence operations at once, their /teams being now on the mad, heavily laden fur Mount Margaret The managing director of tfce company, Mr. Johni. Rmde, reports thatihe Piemier has promised to put on a steam Fer vice between Albany and Ksp?rauce Bay, which will no doubt be good news to the settlers at DundaB and otheT centres between here and the south ciast. Esperanoa Bay is a magnificent harbor, and is, as the crow flies, the nearest point to the Bea board, aud though it will be some time before it can be available for Coolgardie travellers, it is certainly not to be lost eight of. From childhood to our grey hairs we all have someone we look up to and reRpect. In our boyhood's days of stolen apples and elandcstine bathing we make a hero of one of our companions. It may be that he is the best runner, or can show more bulldog's teeth marks than any of the rest. As we grow up eur idol is shattered, and something higher, something nobler, takes its place. It may be the premier goal-kieker, the latest operatic tenor, or the.hero of a four- rsond boxingmatch. The admiration that we iavi?h on subjects such a* we have mentioned ii pardonable and natural to all. But when in after years our uero worship degenerates into aBpe^ies o"' mongrel grovel it is timn to say, with the Scotch poet, " Oh, wad ad i some power, etc/' Tfce spectacle of a ri cently returned member of Parliame* _ trying to disengage himself from his now Bworn adherents is nauseating in the extreme. The same thing- Applies in many instances. Let a prominent official or social luminary amuse himself by the delightful pastime of billiards, a dozen will rush to take his ba : ! fntn th • p.x:ket; a sc ire will break th"ir nei;ks in the endeavour to bo fir*t in picking- op his fallen cue. We all make room fv-rfch° wealthy mineowncr, and think ou^selvoH lucky if we catch a slanting ray of Mb sunny smile. The roc- piospecto- of ya^teriay becomes to-day an object of reverence, when he displays the golden specimens which ar* the stoppingstones to &ffla;< nee and luxury. To the ijnsrant and egotistical this sort of thing is welcome, but for t^e average discerning - man we, in our frantic efforts to pay homage to bis exil'ed position, appear iu the light of courtiers to the snuffling king of grovel. m 