SNOWBALL. [By the Author op ' Paulina Lisle.'] CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) Then there is silence. Madame Valentine and lier nephew. They look at one another across the red light of the fire, two proud, dark faces, confronting with the same fear and pain in both. ' She is a circus performer — bare-hack rider — rope. She is everj thing that is brazen and bad' and vulgar and horrible. And she is extremely pretty. She is here inth the circus in the town She called at this house not more than two hours ago. And she threatens to proclaim to the whole country— in posters, in papers, in every way — that she is — has been — George Valentine's wife.' ' Good Heaven !' says Mr. Vane Valentine. It seems the only thing left for him to say. He stands absolutely stunned by the tremendousness of the catastrophe. He stares at his Aunt with di' lating eyes, from which a very real horror looks. ' She calls herself Mitni Trillon at present. She lodges with Mrs. Tinker's cousin, in Clangville^ and will remain until Saturday. After Saturday the wholfi wnrlfl IK fr» Irn/im wVin did ia ' ' Good Heaven \' repeats, blankly, Mr. Van Val entine. It has been said his command of language is not great. ' Can — can nothing be done, you know P' he asks, in blankest accents. ' I — I wouldn't for anything, by Jove '.' ' She offers one alternative. I mentioned the child— a little o'irl. She may be bought off. Her price is the adoption, education, care of the child, and an annuity — a tolerably large one, I fancy, for herself. She is tired of her present life— so she says ; she will leave it, give up the little girl, re tain her incognito, and live on the annuity — if it is provided. Otherwise, she will proclaim her wrongs and her identity to all who choose- to listen. That is her offer.' ' By Jove !' says, still more blankly, Mr. Vane valentine, 'she is a cool hand. Mile. Minn Trillon — yes, I saw her name blazing all over the town, and her picture, too, by Jove! All bare neck and arms, like a grizette of Mabille. And that is George's widow. Good Heaven !' ' Yon have made that remark a number of times already,' says, disdainfully, his aunt. ' There is no use in standing there and saying, '? Good ? with Mile. Mimi Trillon. But she . is the person she claims to be ; there is no doubt of that. Tinker recognised her in a moment from the photo graph she used to see. She has been good enough to give me until Saturday to come to a decision. I waive my right to decide, and place the matter in your hands. You have your full share of the Valentine pride, and you are the last of the name. You will bear it — with honor, I trust — when I am dead. Decide— do we agree or refuse ?' Mr. Vane Valentine is not a fool; very far from it where a point of family honor is concerned. He decides with a promptitude his somewhat weak looking mouth would not seem to promise. We agree, or course, we must agree, vaooa Heaven ! there is no other course. ' If she is the .person she professes to be, and hae a right to the 'name— good Heaven! only to think of that— a ? circus rider ! She must be bought off at any price. Think of the publicity! think of your feelings ! think of mine! of my sister's — of Camilla's — of — ? everybody's — of Sir Rupert's! Good Heaven! it's awful, don't you know. She must be bought off at any price, and at once — at once !' : 'Very well,' responds the chilly voice of the ?la j£. ''%Bo net excite yourself; there is no haste. ~[/e have until Saturday, remember— two days* /T)o nothing to-night ; sleep upon it. At the same / . time, I may Bay, I think with you. Money is noth . ? ing in a case like thiB. She must be bought off; and at her own nrice.' ! 'Of course,' BayB, promptly, Vane Valentine, ' nut I will make the best terms I can. The best ?will be bad, no doubt. She mtast be a deuced ??'.'. -Bharper all through. It is well she '.y ill. give up .'?'?' . the child. A little girl, you say? Aw, thafe. is -, 'best, certainly,' eays Mr. Valentine, stroking his thin, black moustache, and reflecting it might have -? toe^n deuced unpleasant and all that if George's child had been a son. Inconceivable ass, George Valentine— doing the 'all for love and tne world ?well lost' business in the nineteenth century when passions, and emotions, and — aw — that sort of thing, are extinct. But the ill wind has blown him (Vane) into a prospective fortune and title, so he ie not disposed ,4o quarrel with the Bhade of his late idiotic cousin, ..nor even with his rascally relict, if he can buy that , .lady off. at a fair price. 'I'll go to the circus this evening,' he says, «afier that ruminative pause, ' and take a look at Her. irreiry, is sne, you h»jt * jjui,ui«uuiog, »?'*« was the reason— confound her!— that fehe fooled ?jyour— him ! ' Yes, it is well she will resign the -child. She, of course, is not a proper person to ˚ up a little girl, and, aw, a relative of oura. ?Good Heaven ! to think of it! I will see her, and ;? settle this, aw, deuced unpleasant business, you ???'? inow, for good and all.' .: 'Very well,' „ madame eays, wearily; 'and I ' . thing, if you will excuse me, I will not dine this evening. I will have a -cup of tea here, and retire ; ? '«arly. I over- fatigued myself this afternoon, I; fancy.' '*? It is a tired and aching heart that weighs down Madame Valentine, not her afternoon constitu tional in the sunshine, up and down the stoop. : FerhapB Vane Valentine guesses — he has more penetration than he looks to have. He murmurs a , few appropriate words of regret, and, a little later, goes to the dining-room, and eats his dinner in solitary state, somewhat gloomy and preoccupied, but with a veny good appetite. Then, as the starry October night falls mistily over tte world, he puts on his light overcoat, and sets out at a brisk walk ? for the town, the circus, and his firet sight of Mile. Mimi Trillon. CHAPTER VII. '?' ' . WHICH TREATS iOF LOVE'S YOUNG BREAM. The moon is shining brightly as Vane Valentine ';'? quits the cottage, .1 frosty moon, and the sky is all alight with stare. He glances approvingly upward . as he lights acigar, and opines he will have a pleas ' ant night for his return walk. His step rings like steel on the hard ground.,; and reaches the ear of madame, sitting alone and lonely before the fire. She glances after him— a tall, slender figure— and ? in that look, for one instant, there flashes out some ? thing strangely akin to aversion. For he stands in the stead of her son, her only son— her bright, brave, handsome, joyous George, the latehet of whose shoes .at his worst, this stiff young prig is unwonny to loose. Yet the aversion is unjust; it is no fault of ??: ' Vane Valentine's that he is here ; he hns neither sought for, or forced himself in the position ; rather his kinship has been thrust upon him, snd Catherine Valentine knows it well. But her spirit is sore to night, she is a very desolate woman, with all her prido/asd pedigree, and wealth, an old, a lonely, a widowed, a childless woman. The cruel words of that other— George's wife ? George's wife ; how strange the thought — nay, George's widow — the woman he has loved, has married' the mother of his child, ring in her ears, and will not be exorcised. ' You miirrJprprl liim I Ymi Ia^ Viim -tn to nerish in want ! You killed him with your pride !' Oh ! God, is'it true ? George in want — suffering — dying !' A low, moaning cry, atrange and dreary, and terrible to hear, breaks from her lips ; she covers her face with her hands there as she sits alone. Here, with no CJfC LU One, LL\J rzOkl. HI llCUl, U15A j^J.J.Ul* mi*j v*»w^ ? her for a little, and love and memory awake. Fire light and moonlight meet and mingle in the room, a fitting spectral light for ghosts to rise out of their gravesand keep her company. The house is very still, Miu BervauLB wiuu miti. liuum umuu duj/^cjl. » «ui Valentine is on his way to the circus, excited and stimulated by the thought o£ beholding the adven turess who erstwhile foiled his infatuated cousin George. Here, alone, she is free to break her heart in silence, after the fashion of some strong women. To-morrow she will be cold and hard, no trace of weakness or tears will betray her — to-night she is at liberty, and tears as bitter, as burning, as ever childless mother shed, wet the pale cheeks as she sits and thinks. It is not such a long story, this tragedy, to think over — the tragedies of life are mostly briefly told. To Catherine Valentine it is but as yesterday since she last kissed her son — in reality it is eight years ince he gave up father, mother, home, friendsj name, a fortune — all that men hold best worth the keeping, for sake of the pink-and-white face, the bold, blue eyes, and flaxen hair she saw a few hours ago. Let me tell you the story she thinks out, sit ting here, a bowed and forsaken figure, that Vane Valentine ruminates over, with contemptous won der on his way to the circus — the old story of a ' young man married, a young man marred.' Some forty years before thiB starry October night, another Valentine — Austin Mordred Valentine — said good-bye to old England, to Valentine Manor, to his elder brother' Sir Rupert, and sailed to the new world to seek his fortune. Literally to seek his fortune, and fully resolved to find it. He was twenty years old, good looking, well edu cated, fairly clever, possessed of plenty British pluck, and 'go' and backbone; not afraid of plodding, of waiting, of hard work, absolutely determined to succeed. That sorb of man does succeed. Austin Valentine succeeded even beyond his most sanguine expeta finno nnrl. likfin.ll mf-n of abilitv. believed imnlicitlv in himself. He took to trade, the first of the name of Valentine who had ever so demeaned himself. They had been free-booters, raiders, hard fighters, hard hunters, hard spendthrifts ; had been soldiers, sailors, rectors, lived hard, died hard, distinguished themselves in many ways, but tradesmen none of them had been, until young Austin threw off the traditions and shackles of centuries, emancipated himself, took this new departure, demeaned him self, and made his fortune. It was time, too, for the Valentine guineas had come to a very low ebb. Riotous living is apt to empty aheady depleted coffers. Sir Rupert, with every inch of land mortgaged, the manor rented, wandering about the Continent, striving drearily to make the most of nothing, was perhaps a greater object of compassion than Austin in the shipping business and fur trade, with wealth rolling in like a golden river, a millionaire already at thirty years. But Sir Rupert did not think so. From the height of his untarnished position, as one of the oldest baronets of the baronetage, he looked in horror from the first, on his only brother's decadence, spoke of him always as ' poor Austin,' and, to do him justice, declined to avail himself in any way of such ill-gotten gain. Austin laughed ; he was philosophical as well as &hrewd;, went on the even tenor of his wealthy way, and finally, at three and-thirty, looked about him for a wife. He found one there in Toronto ready to his hand, a rara avis, possessing in herself every quality he most desired in a wife — beauty, family, highbreed ing, an ancient name. Her father was Colonel -Hamilton; she was the eldest of a family of daugh ters, scantily provided for. Like the Valentines, the Hamiltons were uncomfortably poor and proud. (To 6c continued). 