ROUND THE CHURCHES. No. 8. The Rev. James Has lam, at the Kent Town Wesleyan Church. Quiz deserves the martyr's crown. He toiled out to Kent Town last Sunday, morning through a howling duststorm, and all for the purpose of listening to an utterly commonplace sermon. Someone tells a story of a man who was wrecked and cast upon an island. When he recovered con sciousness he found himself surrounded by savages. The castaway was terribly frightened. Presently the natives began to talk in broken English. "Ah," said the shipwrecked man, " they wont eat me. They are Wesleyans." He had recognised the peculiar tone of voice assumed. It is im * possible to mistake it. A Wesleyan parson is as easy of identification as an old man kangaroo. Why do not the Wesleyan Executive insist upon i ' . all students for the ministry undergoing a course of instruction in elocution? A bad delivery, such as so many parsons have, would not be tolerated out side the church. An ordinary platform speaker with a sing-song voice would be made the subject of ribbald remarks. Yet, almost without exception, our Wesleyan preachers talk through their noses, and drone and drawl like a man with a stomach ache 1 The Rev. James Haslam is a beetle-browed gentleman with all the mannerisms of his sect and a few over. His cast of countenance is heavy, and he conveys the idea that he is slow of thought, exceedingly slow. He probably finds the old fashioned faith of his fathers quite sufficient for his • purposes. \ He does not sympathise with new fangled interpretations of the Scriptures. He looks solemn enough to believe in a literal burning hell, and he almost impresses you as being one of the old-time Christians who could find comfort in con templating the torments of the damned. But this may be an entirely wrong estimate of his character, and as the copybook motto says, we should "Never judge by appearances." As he gives out the opening hymn Mr. Haslam goes up and down like a see-saw. First, he takes a high tenor key—with a nasal inflection of course—and then he descends with terrible sudden ness to a low baritone. It would not so much matter if the emphasis were ^ given at the proper time, but it is not. The wrong words are empha sised nine times out of ten, and you are irresistibly reminded of a public school examination when a boy of ten gets up to slaughter Cassius' speech to the Romans. This is undoubtedly due, so far as Mr. Haslam is concerned, to early habits of carelessness, coupled with a desire to imitate some clerical hero of the day. But it is not fair to the congregation, who,, after all, pay for their seats. If the supplies, in the shape of pew rents, ceased, the church would have to close its doors. The church is, after all, only a special form of theatre, and the people who go there have a right to expect something like grace of style at all events. 1 Orthodoxy howled out in a barn-storming voice wont fill any synagogue. Mr. Haslam is crushed by the affectations of his predecessors. Why ? Because he has seen and heard them all, and has unblushingly annexed them. It is terrible to hear a man of education speaking of God as "Gord," Christ as "Ke-rist," saying " noynteenth " for nineteenth, and turning during into " dooring." What sort of an example is this' to the Prince Alfred College boys, who form ; a part of Ihe congregation ! If a parson did not seek to place himself on an elevated plane it would not matter, but he does, and he is too often regarded as well-nigh infallible. A whole paragraph might be devoted to Mr. Haslam's singularities of pronunciation, but he errs so frequently and apparently with so little conscious ness thereof that the task of pointing out the mis takes would be a thankless one. A man who says i "natchrai" for "natural" is beyond hope of re demption. We shall have to take Mr. Haslam as he is. This was the conclusion at which Quiz arrived after the reading of the hymns, after a prayer which lasted ten minutes, and seemed to be never ending, and after the reading of two passages from the Old and New Testament. Perhaps Mr. Haslam would redeem himself in the sermon. Illusory hope ! It was simply another reading lesson. Now, of course, some people have such treacherous memories that they could not with their salvation at stake learn half a dozen consecutive sentences, but memory is a faculty that' can be cultivated, and ministers of religion surely have enough time to practise up some mnemonic method. It is impossible to be effective if "one reads every line. One must watch his audience if he is anxious to make an impression. As is common with many public speakers Mr. Haslam imagines that by raising his voice and bellowing he is adopting the proper emphasis. This is what, in the actor, critics call ranting. There is not the slightest necessity for it. The effect on ears polite is distressing. In the old times it may have been efficacious in waking up people whose only object in going to church was to secure a comfortable nap. But nowadays folks do not visit the sacred edifices in the hope of gettihg a soporific. They are hungering for some thing which will fill a void in their existence, and in the majority of cases they have to remain hungry. What was there, for instance, in Mr. Haslam's discourse to furnish a grain of comfort for a man sick of the pomps and vanities of the world, and conscious that there can be a sphere of existence here and now, which would be at least bearable ? The preacher simply patted gently on the back all those who are of the same way of thinking as himself. Inferentially the others were assured that they were shut out of much happiness, though it was unexplained why disbelief in a certain dogma should have such a result. The Lord's Supper was the text of the sermon, but there was no refer ence to the thousands who never get a supper of any description. Generalities, generalities, generalities! And they were not redeemed by any descriptive passages which would tickle the aural sense. Trite sayings, mere commonplaces constituted the sermon. There was not a single flash. of humor,, not an infinitesimal trace of poetic feeling, not the ghost even of an original thought. Even simplicity can* be made attractive, but Mr. Haslam's simplicity did not possess a scintilla of attractiveness. It was a dead and alive discourse } an absolutely cheerless assemblage of words. The preacher droned and drawled along for 22 minutes, and he then shut up the Bible and probably heaved a sigh of relief, while the members of the congregation began to analyse their feelings and attempted to calculate how much the better they were for those 22 minutes of preaching. Yet clerical institutions are constantly debating the question—Why do not the people go to church? How can they be expected to attend when the ministers are not alive to their oppor tunities. When asked for bread they bestow a stone? Mr. Haslam is most likely a very estimable man in private life, a man who, as far as possible, practises the teaching of Christ, but he wants galvanizing, and this criticism may have the effect of smartening up his mental powers, which may be considerable, and of causing him to think and speak in accordance with the spirit of the age. Dogma is all very well in its way, but dogma is not soul-satisfying. The choir did not have a chance of exhibiting their ability, for there is no anthem on this Sunday. They sing well and lead the hymns well, excepting for one of the tenors, who is particularly aggressive and strident, not to say unmusical -at times. However, the day was hot, and perhaps nobody was at his best. Quiz certainly was. not. He was warm and dusty and inclined to use bad language. - 