THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Cullingtim Racea on Saturday. Orpheus SoeietyVconoert at Mount Barker on. Saturday evening... The Mount Pleasant Show on Thursday was a thorough success. Mount Pleasant bidding fair to . become the Bendigo of South Australia. \- Much excitement over the " jumping " of gold mining' claims at Mount Pleasant. • "The 'missing word again—The winner of the'Great Eastern Steeplechase will be Woodside, Mount Pleasant, and Lobethal all have "liberal progressive leagues" tb'eir midst. A very successful concert was given at Murray Bridge last evening iu aid of the -local sports club. The Bremer Bodge of Oddfellows hold their annual picnic at liaughorne's Creek to-day. The Government are inviting tenders for the lease of a refreshment-room at the Mount Bavker railway-station. The following sections have been proclaimed mineral lands:—No. 13, hundred of Mouarto; No. 6, Talunga; and 3857, Kuitpo. Messrs. A. W. Dobbie & Co., of Adelaide, not Mes-r*. W. F. Gray & Co., took the prize for sprayers at the Mount Barker Sbow. The Onkaparinga Racing Club's gates ware sold for £430 on Monday evening, this being an'advance of £15 on last year's price. Exceedingly j rich "finds" are reported from the Mount Pleasant goldfield, as much as 112 oz. being taken out in a few days. Farmers should paste the list of Mr. W. A. Wilson's farm produce in their hats and try and go "one better" at the next Mount Barker Show. The railway employees, with their relatives ar.d friends, to tile number of 3,000, had a very enjoyable picnic at the BeUtir Park on Sui urday. " Forty years ago," remarks the South 'Eastern Star, " the Mount Barker Show was regarded as the great event of the year, and it still seems to hold the same position." The Acting Minister of Education declines to reopen the Rhine Villa School, as re quested, the number of scholars not being sufficient to justify the action. Four southern meteorological stations besides Mount Barker—Macclesfield, Blum berg, Gumeracha, and Mount Pleasant—did not have any rainfall record last month. Visitors to the city should make a point or inspecting the splendid exhibit of Mount Pleasant gold in Mr. E, Benda'e window in Ring William-street. Mr. Gregor McGregor, of whom our Adelaide correspondent furnishes a biographi cal sketch, is the labor candidate for the Sontbern District of the Legislative Council. Mr. R. R. Schroeder, of the Adelaide G.P.O., is filling Mr. W. Rossi's place as postmaster at Mount Barker during the tatter's absence for three weeks ou a visit to Sydney. Mr. R. Hogarth, the travelling lecturer for the National Defence League, will discourse on " The Coming Conflict, and some Proposed Systems of Taxation " in the Mount Barker Institute next Wednesday evening. Narracoorte claims the distinction (we are reminded by the S.E. Star) of being the firet town in South Australia to take advantage of a special holiday under the new Banking Act* Mount Barker occupies second place. Mr. John McCallum, of Angas Bank, Strathalbyn, who died last week at the age of 70, was a colonist of 45 years. Returning from a trip to the Victorian diggings in the fifties, he settled on the lake plains as farmer and grazier, and after a short term ae licensee of the Langhorne's Bridge Hotel resumed farming at Strathalbyn. A wagonette driven by Mr. Frederick Follett, and containing his mother, two sisters, and Mrs. T. Beavis, overturned on the I Adelaide road at Mount Barker on Sunday,. the harness breaking and causing the mishap. Fortunately the victims of the accident escaped witli cuts and bruises, no boneB being broken, and the injuries sustained were less serious than was at first feared. A requisitson bearing 1260 signatures was presented to Sir E. I1. Smith at Norwood on Monday evening, asking biin to Btand as a candidate for the Southern District of the Legislative Council. Sir Edwin accepted the flattering invitation, saying that if East Tovrens turned its bach on him he would consider the time had come for putting up hie political shutters. Mr. H. C. Swann, the Southern S.M., took his seat for the first time on the Mount Gram bier Court Bench last Friday. He received a warm welcome from the honorary magistrates and the bar and told them he had not made up his mind as to where he would lire. He would spend most of his time on the railways, but he hoped better times would come along and that the S.M.'s would have smaller districts. The sleepers which formed the temporary embankment at the washaway on the railway line at Murray Bridge laBt week were removed and the road made good, the line beiog com pletely restored by Sunday. A couple of photographs of the washaway taken by the Southern Resident Engineer (Mr. C. F. Clough) and shown at Mr. W. Chapman's, Mt. Barker, this week have afforded residents an opportunity of noting the effects of the heavy storm at the Bridge. (From Our Own Correspondents.) Murray Bridge, March 11. On Tuesday quite a gloom was cast over this township when it became known that Mr. Matthew Turton, a highly respected and beloved resident, had joined the great majority. Mr. Turton had been ailing for some time past and had a few days prior obtained leave of absence from the Railway Department, but no immediate fears were entertained as to his recovery. On Tuesday morning Dr. GKbb visited him, and, although very weak, found him in his usual jovial spirits. When, however, about noon a domestic visited his room he found him in a state of prostration, and in a few seconds he expired. The funeral, which was held to-day, was largely attended by members of various lodges, employees of the Locomotive and Traffic Department, and numerous friends. Amongst the visitors was Mr. H. D. Crutten den, who represented Port Adelaide, where Mr. Turton was a shining light in the forties. A narrow escape from burning occurred at Swanport on Monday. Mary Baker, a domestic in the employ of Mr. Bott, was engaged in lighting a copper when her dresB caught fire and was soon ablaze. She rushed into the room where Mr. Bott was occupied, and he with great presence of mind soon divested her of lier blazing garments, sustain ing a severe burning shout the hands in doine so, but he had the pleasure of seeing his courage rewarded, as the young woman got off without a scar. Mr. Bott is to be com mended on his presence of mind, and bis many friends wish him a speedy recovery from his injuries. Gumexaclia, March 13. The annual harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the Wesleyan Church were celebrated on Sunday and Monday. The church was tastefully decorated, and a very large display of fruit, vegetables, grain, &c.;, which had been received as offerings from members, was nicely arranged on tables in and around the platform, creating a very pleasing effect. The pulpit on Sunday was occupied by the Hon. F. W. Holder, M.P., who preached twice to large congregations. On Monday evening we were greatly privileged in hearing the Rev. G. E. Wbeatley deliver liis popular leoture on " Ghosts; or, the Fallacies that Frighten Anti-Reformers." Mr. Wheat-ley succeeded in gaining the complete attention of bis audience and gave them good food for thought. A repetition visit is eagerly looked for. The proceeds were fair.. A meeting was held this evening in con nection with the social reform movement. Mr. Ridler presided, and much icterest wsb manifested in the addresses. The Rev. C. H. Nield spoke upon"The Duty of the Churches in Relation to Social Questions," while Mr. T. Price, M.P., discoursed on " Where the Shoe Pinches." General satisfaction is expressed at the decision of the Wesleyan Conference in stationing the Rev. C. H. Nield here for a second year. Atjsteaxun Mutuai Pbovtdent Society. This popular life office, which has so justly merited the confidence of the Australian puhlio ever since it was established in Sydney in 1849, is taking steps to add to its already strong reserves. At the present time the society adopts a much more stringent basis of referve than any other life office doing busi ness in the colonies, and by gradually in creasing these reserves it will place itself in point of strength at the head of all similar in stitutions in the world. Australians may well be proud of their financial giant, which has achieved suoh magnificent results in the comparatively short space of 45l years. 