? There appear* to be a general feclingVin political circles in favor of Mr. Angus Cameron' being appointed to the position of Chairman if Committees in the future parliament. Naturally; considerable reticence is maintained by the le&tling; members of the Frectrade Party as to their intentions, and Mr. Reid wisely refrains from giving any expression of opinion as to their future movements or possible appointments. " In the first place," said Mr. G. H. Reid in answer to an inquisitive press representative, " I have no portfolios to give, and in the second place I am too old a campaigner to let fall a hint as to their probable disposal if I had." On tbe question of the present political situation Mr. Reid spoke plainly. " It merely remains for the Government to chose which course they think it betterjto adopt," he said, -" Whether they shall elect to retire gracefully, as their loyal supporter Mr. P. Hogan has advised them to do, or allow us to turn them out. Unless they pander to the Labor Electoral League, which they cannot honestly do, they haven't a ghost of a chance, and even if they do so they cannot possibly get a majority. They will save much trouble and delay if they accept the inevitable and retire like men ; but that they will eventually have ,to retire is as cortain as possible. Much of tbe vaunted backbone has been taken out of the Government by the overwhelming public opinion lately expressed and practically illustrated at tbe • recent polls. As leader of the Opposition I asserted that the Government did not possess the confidence of the country. At that time, of course, that was merely an assertion that has been made by every leader of the Opposition since Parliaments had their being—in fact, the good old assertion would be made by Sir George Dibbs as a leader of the Opposition to-morrow—but I had no actual proof, only my own conviction that such was the case. Now it is different. Wu have abundant proof. The country has declared against the Government with no uncertain voice, and the Government, willingly or unwillingly, have got to go. I am convinccd that there is more thau one member of the present Ministry who is averse to clinging to office like a political linipet until it is knocked off the rock by the constitutional tomahawk. There are at least two men of independent means I could name who, if their professions of high political morality are to be relied on, cannot possibly support the stubborn attempt that is being made by -the Government to remain in office. But we shall see—what we shall see." A meeting of the Cabinet was convened for 7.30 on Wednesday evening, when it is probable the ultimate decision of the Ministry would be come to with reference to their expressed intention of facing Parliament. All the Ministers were in their offices during the morning engaged in routine business, but nothing of public interest was considered. — Evening News. 