A ROUGH INITIATION. fii When Jack Wilder and I received our SI diplomas as lawyer and physician respect ively we talked of striking out for the ' wild and woolly West" in quest of a fortune. ' We must look for a locality,' I said to him, laughing, one day when we were laying our plans for the future, ' where the air ia full of poison and the people are constantly at loggerheads with each other.' Why not make for Denver?' said Jack. I' It's coming into prominenco as a mining centre. Wo will grow up with the place so to speak, and what wo don't succeed in earning by our professions wo can earn with our little capital, in real estato spec ulations.' Well, the short and the long of it was that one fine morning, we; found ourselves abroad r train, flying westward, bound to Denver, by p the way of Kansas City. f In those days there vras no railroad f through to the Pacific. At Kansas City we ■" foil 111 with a party of hunters heading for :s Denver like ourselves, and we were soon in k the siddles on our long journey over the £ plains—a journey that proved so uneventful Y :u to be dreadfully monotonous ; and glad, k indeed, we were, in the dusk of a lowery is day. when we at last came in sight of our j £». destination. If Denver was then in its intancy, and a thou 1 sand times more wretched- looking than my K darkest dream had depicted. I Imagine one long and miry street, lined on |: either side with low, roughly built, shanty like houses, that looked for the most part as if I a cyclone had swooped down upon them; here | and there a building of two storeys that ap | poured inhabitable ; a labyrinth of filthy lanes | running in all directions—and, there you have | Donycr as it was then. £ (Jtir party halted at the first tavern it camo | to; that is to say, all but Jack and myself | who, unable to stomach its appearance,wal | lowed on, stopping once to inquire of a miner | for the best hotel in the place, which he in | formed us was 1 Pete Denny's,1 at the end of i- the street. f As we rode up to this establishment in the i deoponing twilight we found a crowd of loungers about the entrance, which was through the bar-room. | And « strange crowd it was. Great slouch hats rolled down over ahaggy brows ; long, unkempt hair and beards; dirty woollen ahirta of all colours ; broad belts, in which were stuck knives; high, coiirse cowhide boots, plastered with yellow, clayey mud, such as we had been struggling through. Ono face in the motley assembly struck me particularly. It was that of a man of about forty, of powerful build, over six feet tall, with slightly stooping shoulders. Covered with thick hair as high as the cheek bone, it was scarred and seared as though its possessor had spent his life principally iu scrimmagcs ; added to which great, yellowish-green, owlish eyes, and a prominent beak-like nose made it decidedly repulsive. Dismounting, we took our large valises from the backs of our horses, which we left iu charge of the oatler, and made our way through the crowd of idlers to the bar-room. As I passed the described individual he looked me squarely in the eye and winked familiarly. Non;jlu33ed by the fellow's bold impu dence, X stared at him a second, when he winked at me again with a smirk. Ilis br.izannesj was so coil, his'proceeding so extraordinary, that a sudden impulse seized me to laugh in his faco and wink back at him, as if I took his impudence in good part. Whereat he laughed also, winked knowingly, while the surrounding crowd grinned. As I immediately passed with Jack into the bar-room, the latter nudged me in the ribs, whispering, ' Keep cool, George, keep cool! Xo row, for god's sake ! Don't mind the loafer.' 'Never fear,' I replied. 'I've got my temper by the horns.' As I stopped to the bar to secure the best accommodation the place afforded, I found myself followed by the ruffian and his crowd. ' Drinks all round, Pete !' he dra vied out, ' at the expense of the tenderfeet, ' accom panying his order with a wink at the bloated fellow behind the bar, then at me again. ' To be sure,' said I, laughing, though I was boiling over with rage; ' drinks all round, landlord. The gentleman' took the words out of my mouth. My friend and I are indeed two tenderfeet, as you. call us Eastern boys, just arrived among you. So let's have the drinks by way of a preliminary introduction.' The crowd, won by my seeming good nature, gave a cheer, and proceeded to attack the bottles which'Pete'set out for tliem. While I strove to swallow the vile Btuff without choking to death, I noticed that my owl-eyed individual stared at me over the rim of his raised glass, and kept winking at me. Shooting several winks at him in return* I put down my empty glass and gave my attention to securing something to eat. ' You can have the spare room, gentle men,'said Pete, 'and your supper will be ready in a few minutes. I suppose you would like to go to your room to wash ? Here, Winking Ike, show the gentlemen up to the spare room.' The one designated by this euphonious cognomen was none other than the bully who had been annoying me. So now it was evident that he was in the habit of winking, or elso he had an affection of the facial nerves, which caused him to wink involun tarily. A part of his conduct, therefore was ex disable. Taking up a lighted tallow candle, which ' Pete' had placed on the bar, Winking Ike give mo a wink, and started toward a narrow side dooi*, with Jack and myself at liia heels. -Ascending a dark flight Of stairs, he let us into a passage, at the end of which was the i spare room,' a medium-sized, carpetless apartment, containing two small cots, a couple of dilapidated chairs, a washstand, and a littlo round table, upon which he placed the cmdle, saying to me in a low, mysterious t >ne, his impudent, bullying manner changed s jddenly to one of certain respect— 'We looked for you two days ago, doctor —you and your friend here—and had begun to get pretty skeery when we found you didn't show up. Everything's all right so far; there's no suspicion. You've got what you need in them things there,' pointing to my valise, ' and you'll not set to work till the house's all quiet, for walls have ears. Petu'll close up to-night extra early on purpose to give you more time to do tho job. You'll find it in there,' he concluded, indicating with a jerk of his thumb a side door in tho room, and, at the same time, backing suddenly to the en trance, with an expression of fear to his ugly f we, while his owl's eyes kept winking and blinking. Utterly amazed, I tried to speak, tried to find voico to ask him what he was driving.at. Indeed, Jack's tongue seemed tied, too ; and the fellow had already backed out of the room and shut the door quickly, and we heard him go bounding down the dark istairs, as if a' ghost was after him, before either of us ould open our mouths to articulate a sound. ' Well said I, finally, turning to Jack, who appeared to be coming out of a stupor, 'what do you make out of this—from the very beginning?' ' I make out of it,' he replied with an effort, ' that we are in for some strange ad venture. What did he mean by it, setting to work, doing the job—to say nothing of what elsu he said ?' 4 Evidently we shall find that out by open ing that side door which he indicated. And Hie called me doctor. How the douce does ho know I am a doctor 1 All this looks like a teal mystery, Jack. Shall we follow it up V ' I'm with you,' said Jack, starting toward the side door. I caught him by the arm. * Go slow, my boy. Remember his warn about thewalls having pars and not going to work till the house was quiet. Let's wait, and ask no questions, lest we betray ourselves. Tiio more I think of it the more I am convinced that ho has, in some unacoount nbls way, mistaken us for other people. Wha'« What sort? Of course I cannot conjecture. But certain it is, we are not supposed to be here for any good purpose. Didn't you notice how frightened he loooked when he spoke of it V ' Yes,' Baid Jack, ' and that leads mo to ljelieve that we are on the point of making some important discovery—I cannot imagine ■what—but which will bring that villian, and perhaps 'Pete' himself into the toih of the law,' Having delivered himself of this sage con clusion, Jack washed himself, and after I had done likewise, we went below to see about supper, exerting ourselves to our utpjost jig appear as unconcerned as possible. Neither Winking Ike nor his companions were anywhere to be seen, and the landlord, who* was waiting on some new customer, directed us to the dining- room, slyly handing me, as he did so, something wrapped in paper which felt liko a key. On sitting down to supper I openened the paper, and, sure enough, I found it contained a door key, while on the paper were scrawled several lines, which I made out to read as follows :— "This Key fits the Dore between the rooms —don't unlock it till the house is still— don't kum to Baragin tonite and luk out for people in Room on tother side of partition — you will find bags in Closet in Room." 'Heydey!' said Jack, when ho had do ciphered the scrawl in his turn, ' the mystery deepens ! What on earth are the bags for 1 Really, George, I'm beginning to think we'll get our fingers burnt if we attempt to handle this thing. Let us get out of the infernal hole before it is too late.! ' What! you aro going to back out V I said, my curiosity being fully arousod by the strange note, so I was determined to fathom the mystery. 'Not if you aro bound to stick to it, my old chum.' After Bupper we went directly to our room taking with us a large lamp, which the old hag that waited on us had lighted for our use. It was then ten o'clock. Through the partition on the right, oppo site the door opening into the other room, we heard voices and listened. It was some miners judging by their talk, discussing business matters- These were doubtless the people against whom the note had warned us. They did not separate till midnight, and I can assure the reader it was a long wait for us—for Jack and me. Soon after we heard them go out ; the houso became as still as death. Then, with a strange feeling creeping ovor me, I bade Jack take up the lamp, and going on tiptoe to the side door, I unlocked it very carefully, so as not to make the slightest noise, and slowly opened it. A damp chilly air struck our faces and the light flared up. The windows of the room were raised, but the shutters were closed tight. . We entered. There was no carpet on the flojr, aud no furniture, save a long deal table in the middle of tho room. To the right, in the farther corner, was a cofc, with a blanket thrown over it; to the left a closet. ' Well,' I was on tho point of saying, ' I see no mystery in this,' when Jack, who was between me and the father corner, holding tho lamp, started back suddenly and clutched my arm. ' Heavens, George !'he said, in a hoarse whisper, ' there's something covered up on the cot!' The hand with which he held the lamp shook so that, fearing ho would drop it, I took it from, and, in breathless suspense, we went on tiptoe to the cot. Yes, there was certainly something- under tho blanket. Something that looked like the top of a human head peeped out. I pulled down the blanket a little, and a ghastly face, framed by long, brown hair, stared at us with its glassy eyes ! Horrified, I recoiled, and set the lam]) upon the deal table, while Jack staggered back against the table, murmuring — ' For God's sake, George, what does this mean ?' ' It moans,' I replied, mastering my emo tion, ' it means that we stand face to face with the victim of a crime—a murdered woman—choked to death ! " •Choked?' gasped Jack, 'How do you know that ?' ' It's very evident,' I made answer, ap proaching the cot again. ' See for yourself, and I showed Jack, at the throat, several dark marks, like the imprints of fingera. ' There.' I said, gravely, ' are the irrefutable proofs. To the medical eye they are crying witnesses !' 'Cover it up again, George ! the sight is too horrible !' mo.ined Jack. ' We must not disturb it—it must be left just as we found it!' and seizing the blanket with a shudder, he pulled it over the staring face. 'And now what's to be done ?' he con tinued. 'Our first step is undoubtedly to go and lodge a complaint against this Wink ing Ike and 'Pete,' the landlord. We must do so at once.' ' Not so fast, my boy. Do you imagine we would be allowed to leave this house by stealth at this honr 1 No, indeed ! We are supposed to be 1 ' What V asked Jack, impatiently, as I paused. ' Cutting the body up, of cour3e, bo that they can conveniently dispose of it—bury the pieces separately, no doubt. Isn't the matter clear to you now ? The rascals having foully murdered this poor woman there, have not iared to carry the body away as it is, and have not had the courage to cut it up. Some one, for a round sum of money, has agreed to furnish them a villainous doctor and an assist »nt, who would do the job for them. Don't you remember that this Winking Ike said to me, when he cautioned me in the other room. 1 We looked for you two days ago, doctor ?' And what he meant by ' you've got what you need in them things,' pointing to my valises, were the surgical instruments necessary for the operation.' Jack looked at me aghast. 4 And the bags 1; I pursued, going to the sloset and taking out three or four large grain Backs—' Why, these are to hold the pieces ? Jack's eyes began to bulge out of their sockets, and, in pitying the poor devil, I took up the lamp, and, leading him softly into the other room, locked the door after us. He dropped upon one of the cots, while I, opening a valise, took out my two loaded re volvers, and going up to him Eaid in a whisper: ' Take this revolver and keep your wits about you. Certain it is that either Winking Ike or the landlord will be here before day light to see whether we have done the job. \Vhoevereomes we must be prepared for him. It's a matter of life or death with us.' Then, seating myself by the little table, I waited anxiously for the next act in the fright ful drama. As I sat there, the minutes seeming liko ages, it suddenly occurred to me that in our excitement we had neither of us th rough fc of the window as a possible means of escape. So, rising quickly, I opened it and looked out. The bright moon enabled me to see below. We were in the rear of the first storey, but running along the base of the building was what seemed to be a deep excavation. No hope therr. It was drawing near to three in the morn ing when I heard soft footsteps in the passage approaching the door and presently there came a light knock. I motioned to Jack, and when I opened the door in walked Winking Ike and ' Pete,' the landlord, only to find themselves confronted suddenly with two revolvers aimed straight sfc theif J?reasta. At .the same time I cried out— ' Hands ud !' ' My God, don't shoot!' the two worthies stammered simultaneously, throwing up their hands. 'No harm was meant !' ' What! No harm, you villains ! It was a cold-blooded murder !' I said ygjjemently. Winking Ike burst out laughing, winking furiously, while from every part of the house seemed to come an explosion of shouts, and into the room rushed a score of miners. 'The fact is, pard,' said Winking Ike, suppressing his mirth, ' we've been pretty hard on you and your friend. But that's the inili .tion we generally giye to all new tenderfeet—a pretty good skeer, that's all. And really, in the fust place, it was intended for two tenderfeet friends of ourn we expec ted two days ago. But when they didn't come, and we seen yous coming up the street, so innocent-like, we couldn't resist the temptation to play the joke oft' on you,' and with several rapid winks, Winking Ike walked to the door of the adjoining room, one of the miners following him with th.e lamp, and, unlocking it with- another key, threw it open, walked to the cot, and amid a roar of laughter, jorked out from under the blanket by the hair the wax bust of a j woman!— "Philadelphia Press." A Lesson in Kindness.—A student was out walking with his professor, whc-u they noticed a pair of old shoes lying in the path, which belonged to an old man who was work ing in a field close by. The student said, ' Let us play the man a trick j we will hide his shoes.' ' Nay,' said the professor, 'you may give yourself much greater pleasure than that. Put some money in each shoe and then let us hide ourselves.' The student did so. The old man was greatly astonished to find the money in each shoes, and was so overwhelmed with joy that he got down on his knees and thanked Goi. The student whispered to the professor, 1 Oh ! sir, you have taught me a lesson I shall never forget. I feel now how true it is that it is more ^Jessed to give than to receive /' 