te:: hotj&s; m the adelaipe TAjCK-U? with two ghosts, ACCOMPOODED by wicked DREAMS: liow L Got There and Howl Got Out. [By a Correspondent,] CHAPTER III. I herw was a horrible, unearthly noise in the Uttoiu ceils, and I asked a passing1 pu! n iiMiiin what was the cause of it. He Baivl .vlcOlerry had " got them again" and tb.-u Ue was only sneezing. It was now daylight, and we were all let loose in a large square yard to have a drink, a wash, and m.i. We were a varied lot indeed, and ■rili^on a, level; no matter what opinion we shad of ourselves to the contrary. The di unks, as soon as they were let out of their ■cells, made for the water tap, and there 'ivus a bit of a tussle among them to get the :first- drink to quench their burning thirst —the effects of a wrestle with ** Jimmy H' 'nti(»ssy" and " Long John" th© previous "Jimmy" and "John" are the -g:-<ialfst performers in the world; they can throw any man, no matter what bis weight •and strength is—-Hercules or even Samson they could throw without an effort. A bell "wa^ rung, and we were all bailed up in one ■c'lls; the rattling of the chains and the io 'bitijr of the doors only lasted a short ■t. i ne as the discipline was complete. Very •few people know anything about the vigi lance, care, and attention required for work up a metropolitan police station, and this is partly what has prompted me to write my experience of "lock up" life. During ■jay stay in the yard I noticed a number of c<>ustables (about a doaen) at the opposite sk'c <>f the yard sitting in the shade. I ©nquiied what they were doing, and was informed by an official that they were k uowu as the "grand jury/' Some of them had co;»»e off duty and others were going on, a-id that they were amusing themselves in trying important cases that would come belore .the court that morning, On asking if iny case was examined I was told a part of the evidence was wanting (the surgeon's). My case was a very ugly one, and results depended on the surgeon's evidence and j how the charge was laid. What a number ' of society men are connected with the police force in Adelaide—all the varieties, from the free and accepted mason to the rank socialist. I have not the great honor to belong to those societies myself, although I have no religious scruples in that direction. X can didly admit that I have been frightened by . their imposing ceremonies and the Nasty Goat that has to be ridden successfully to victory before the winning post of Shining Ia^ht can be passed. I was quite amused at the remarks constables made when pass* ing my cell. One sang out " Number one, the Dian; another, " Molly McGruire1* and " rerryalt," and then I heard a coarse voice iti a big whisper say " Dolly Bray" and " Li Uabbullerro." Those names X under stood the meaning of, as I often heard them when a boy in an unfortunate part of the world, and they are the war-hoop for ven geance and slaughter. It was now close on breakfast time, and X heard someone at my c -11 door asking if I would have some break* fiist. X said I would, and asked what was 01 the programme. This question was answered by asking- another—Had I any money ? I said I had not. " Well then,4" said he, " you can have no breakfast." He then spoke to a person in the next compart ment (the charge-room), saying I had no money. "Oh, yes he has; there's some here in the safe to his account which he deposited last night, so tell him he oan draw on it—but wait a little, I will talk to him." This kindly-voiced person came to tiie door and asked me to havesome "prog" » ; it would only cost me a "bob," and as life was only a journey refreshments were requisite on the way, "Yes, sir j you talk ike a book. I will sup with you this morning tor the novelty of it; changes, if not too sudden, are excellent and produce vigor to the system. The ozone and perfume from the adjacent eucalypti and shrubs of Victoria-square I find has been acting on me as a powerful tonic and my appetite is becoming very lively and I wish the food was here now." At that moment I heard the waiter coming with my breakfast. He was humming sacred music accompanied with these words,' The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want.'" The door of ray cell was opened, lie enters and places on the table two fried oh ops, two slices of bread (good ones), and a pannikin full of tea, " Can you do that?" said he. "What do you mean ?" " Scoff it to be sure," pointing to tiie food he had just placed on the table. I said, " You did not bring me a knife and fork." " Mister, I did not, as edged tools are dangerous and are not on the bill of f.u-e in this establishment. Now, sir, you seemingly are not satisfied with your accommodation, and if you did not rest well last night, it was your own fault, as you had the best room in the house. When the royal room for gentlemen was inaugu rated it was in the reign of Crooks, who was secretary to the South Sea Bubble. He was a mighty nice religious gentleman, and a man you do not see bis like every day. He could make an effective prayer that would charm the heart of a saint; he was a man of natural ability with many iK- oomplishments that were not considered respectable.. He was on our list at one time, so were a number of other beautiful ' <1 iisies' that hummed away many an hour in this room, accompanied by the music of the telephone." Out of curiosity I asked this constable his name, and he told me it was McDonnell (no doubt his ancestors •came from that fearful place, Grleneoe). X said to him," Supposing I had no money to pay for my breakfast, would I get any ?" *' Oh, yes, you would, sir. All dead beats get food without money here. Our institu tion is the most liberal one in all tbe colonies, so the spielers say from the • twtherside.* " When I had partaken of breakfast (like the Mohammedans with my filacers) the tinware was removed by the same -comical attendant. X heard Inspector Sullivan giving orders to a sergeant to get lour -of his picked men ready with their batons to escort and I lost the semain i ig part of the sentence. The door <of my cell was opened and the inspector looked in and passed the compliment of the day, and f-,,qui red if X had breakfast. X replied ** Yes." "Have you su lawyer?** "No, sir." " Well, I think it would be as well for you to have one, as your <ease i»ay be oiiore serious than you think." At that moment Constable Loughlan was passing .and -the inspector -drew attention and ;told Mm to -come to me. Loughlan c&rne; stud (enquired what lawyer I would have to -drfend me. ■" Well, constable," X .said, •*' I know very little about lawyeis, except that Itiereare some of them •'silly things,' who should have other avocations, octaves lower than their present -callings. My father .a -very expensive -one—.once -upon a tbime, butithe&tory; is too long to tell here." " ¥ee," said Loughlan, "no doubt it will ik«ap,.and.as the rtirue is getting short you anusfc-make up your mind .at once, for let uicitell you law isa-veryslippery customer, .auil you can never tdll how a case will go when a clever lawyer is engaged on it; he )i i^eniously iinds out a law and he keeps; twisting and turning it .till it seems to ■ magnify. He then .cocks bis eye *at the} ihench and«eesit consulting, and,he :knows! •then that be has made ,an .impression; be; -gives it another turn.and twist and.he has j dim .whole .bench .on iiis .side. After { *i this he has no trouble in proving his case to be sound law, and in nine cases out of ten he gains it." " Well! I suppose I had better have one. I hear Paddy Glynn is a respectable lawyer and can talk a bit. What do you think of him?" "Al, sir; I am proud he is a countryman of mine, and I am sorry he is out of town." "Lawyer Anderson, I see by the papers, the judges say nice things about. Peihaps you could get him ?" " Yes, he is a first-rater, and I have noticed he is very successful with his eases, and results are the best of evidence, as an Irish, philosopher once said, I will go down to his office and engage him for your defence, if possible, and trill let you know immediately. There -was a great preparation all over the place as it was close on the time for the court to sit, and there was an exceptionally large cumber of cases to he dealt with that morning. Constable Loughlan returned and informed me that he had secured the services of Mr, Anderson for my defence, and he would consult with me an the court, as my case would not come on for some time. It was now getting very close to court time, and we were ail drafted from our cells into a large room close to the court for conve* nience. I was the first to enter but in a very short time the room was crowded with all classes of offenders. There were a few drunks. One of them was a complete wreck and a hideous spectacle, as he had the delirium tremens very bad. Bis head and face were swollen, looking like a lump of blubber, his eyes were blood shot, bleary, and dirty, and he was shaking all over, and at intervals he would snap his teeth like a dog trying to catch troublesome flies. This poor fellow was to be pitied, and if I had the power to punish the persons who supplied him with the intoxicants, I would give them two years' hard (labor on bread and oold water, no matter what the news, papers and lahor candidates say about the liberty of the subject. Another very noticeable drunk was a lean, hungry, wrinkled old man with a bald head., ana all the clothes on hia bones were in tatters, I thought what a splendid character this I old " hooker" would be for Shakespeare's Apothecary of Yenice, These two inebriates would make a fortune for & temperance lecturer if he could introduce them into his lecture as they appeared that morning. On my right sat two notorious burglars of ecclesiastic fame, as they always preferred robbing churches and convents to private houses. I learnt that Foulds and Fits* patriok were their names, I heard the latter say that I was an old "gun" and at one time a mate of Velvet Ned's, This I did not understand, as they carried on a conversation in. a sort of jerky- language which was unknown to me. At the end of this room there was a large iron gate, and a number of affectionate females congre* gated around it, having a last look at their Mends j what their relation was with the prisoners I oould not say, but they seemed overpowered with grief (however, a woman's tears soon dry up). This group of affection represented the loving Juliet, the devoted Virginia, and the gay and faithful Emogean, with a modern JDido who never stood on the wild sea bank and waved to her love to come again to Carthage, but she stood on the Bank of Tiioe close to the iron bars of the Adelaide lock-up, and kissed her ungloved hand to the prisoner in the horrors and hoped her devoted would soon return to her cottage, which was not by the sea, Seemingly there were a number in this apartment who "had been there before many a time" and were used to the sup* roundings, but there were others who were making, their maiden attempt at breaking the law, I was in that class, and, like the others, felt nervous, A noise was heard next door, in the court house, and a shuf fling of feet and a rustling of garments was the signal for the presence of the magistrate and the opening of the court officially, (To be continued.) Dr. Barnarbo's Haipia —In hia 28th Animal Seport, a neat little volume of 112 pages, Dr. Baraardo reviews the work of his well known homes lor the twelve months ending 31st December last. It appears that nearly 5,000 children ate now under the oare of the homes j that 23,711 waif children have been rescued, trained, and placed out in life in the bygone 18 years j that 13,418 children were dealt with in the course of the single year 1803 3 that very nearly 7 hoys and girls were on the average admitted every 24 hours; and that 6,371 trained emigrants had been sent out to the colonies from the beginning of the homes to December, 1893. Free lodgings have been given to the most destitute by tens of thousands, and three meals by the hundred thousand ; while religious services, and temperance, social, and educational meetings held at the various mission centres have had over a million of registered attendance in twelve months. A- detail account is given of each of the 51 branches which are now comprised in the homes, and a series of most interesting case- histories, and of letters from former inmates, attest at once the real necessity for the work and the great success which has attended it. In a second part of the report the committee of the homes dwells on the financial aspect of the work, and supplies an audited state ment of accounts, It appears that last year the sum of .£132,054 was received in no fewer than 82,700 separate gifts, gixty^ six per cent of the donations were individually under JB1 each, showing that the institutions are really widely supported by the general public, 