ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES, j -BEFORE THE TRIAL. fCabinet in Conclave.) Overheard bt Hugh Kalyptus. The Chief secretary (in his courteous way)— And once again, my friendB, the House we meet. A ticklish time for us the next few weeks. There be so many weighty things to mlna, And many matters that we must explain. Kingston (confidentially)— I'm not afraid, I care not what they say; I've shown a backbone quite as stiff as llibbs. Moreover, I have not a hanging made; But one averted, which will please the saints. Holder— And very patient have they been with you. Gordon— We, Charley; you do too much the ego use. t think tec Ministers have shown a front That nights the croakers, and dotb make them think. We'll stand no nonsense, but our duty do. . Jenkins (oodestly)— , I do consider that we've all bestowed Iff good opinion of the multitude. Holder— Ay 1 ay! we've managed diplomalic'ily. Kingston (impatiently)— I hate i hat word, it savours so of cant. Say boldly, bravely, firmly, if you will, It Bounds more like the terms that we should use. COCKBURN— But what of Playford and Sir Johnny Bray; I fear me there will be a nice to do. The matter of the restless unemployed I feel is Dot Bo great a trouble as that sentiment— That sentimental business over there. The shunting Bray before we knew his case, Th' indecent haste with which we Playford sent; In troth it was a very awkward fix. Kingston (irritably)— Oh! shut up, Cockburn, keep an upper lip As stiff as mine, and lease the rest to me. Cockburn— All very well; bat 'spose they cat ap rough. And raise a question which is hard to meet? Kingston (blithely)— Good OockbaiB, don't yon tret yourself. That Playford business 1 will quickly fix; The unemployed have been for me a chance To prove my firmness and my fearlessness. E'en let them growl. I'll bet a case of fie I get great kudos for that episode. Ministers all— Heav'n grant it >o, for 'tis a ticklish time; But if a Premier can pull us through 'tis Charley K, He bath the mind and will; Unblushing check is bis, and also " front." Josiah Flint, in a raoy article, "TheTramp at Home," pnbliehed in the February number of "St. Nioholas," paya a pretty tribute to the well-known kiudheartednesB and hospi tality of the Germane in Amenoa. He relates hie expenenoea as an amateur tramp, and eays of a day's doings:—"My fifth oall was at the house of a German worn an who claimed that ehe had fed beggars in the fatherland. She invited me in, placed a nioe warm breakfast before me, and then we began' a conversation in German about life, labour, and beggars. She was sorry for me, and said that X looked too young to be a beggar. I told her my tale. It was one of those stories in which the ghost of truth still lingers—suoh as tramps know so well how to tell. I shall never know exaotly bow much of it. She believed, as what she thought of me, as I told her that I was an outcast of a hochmhlgeboren family in Ger many. I know, however, that she was sympathetic, and she took me in whether she did the same with my romance or not. Hike too many of her countrymen she was too kindhearted. The Germans in Amerioa are the beBt friends that the tramps have, and I have never known one to refuse a hungry appeal. That is just as true of the Germans in South Australia. I do not wish to pat our long-suffering Government to any more expense than is abso lutely neoessary, writeB Hugh Kalyptus, but they really must get an interpreter of slang or " English as ehe is spoke" in WeBt Adelaide and thereabouts. As most of the diffioulty comes from the Pre mier's own district, perhaps he will move in the matter. Neither the Ohief Justice, the Orown Solicitor, nor the Sheriff pretend to be linguists, and the classical language of Light equsre and its environs fairly flabbergasts them when it is used iu Oourt. On Wednes day one witness, in a case of robbery from the persoD, informed the Oourt that the prisoner eaid he had " ratted a bloke," and when asked to render it into everyday English he appeared to lose much of his veneration for the learned exponents of the law, but pitying their orass ignorance, be condescended to explain. This of course failed to enlighten the un initiated, and, muoh to his disgust, be bad to bring himself down to the level of the judioial mind. In future law examinations it should be made imperative that the osndidate for the Bar— with the possibility of the Bench before him— should pass in slang, and a "Slang Diction ary" ought to be inoluded in the Law Library. When a witness dstoribgs a robbery thus;— "I seen a oove oome along, when a bloke as was ohyaoking him fetched him a oner on the nut, and another chap bb was with the first card gives him a lift in the mug, and he flopB; then the bloke snivelled his epondulix and ticker, when a oopper shows up, and the three blokes sloped" it wants an interpreter. This is comparatively intelligible slang, but some times the terms used reqniret a long acquain tance with the tribe of Sybee. .1 have been shown by Mr. A. E. Lnoy, of Marryaiville, a well-preserved printed docu ment of the early pioneering days of South Australia before the Oity of Adelaide beoame an aooomplished feat. It is a petition printed at Glendg on February 2, 1837, by Robert Thomas, as Government Printer, and prays (he Governor to oall a publio meeting of the landholders, their representatives, and other persons interested, to take into consideration the propriety of the eite proposed for the situation of the oapital of the oolony. This is signed by E. Stephens, juu., T. Benes Strangways, Bingham Hutobons, A. F. Lindsay, John Hatletb, C. G. Everard, W. Howard, and W. Malcolm. How this recalls the early rows that worried Oolonel Light— who has not yet got a statue to his memory— in those days, when almost every one bad bis own idea of where the future Oity of Ohurohes Should be ! It was fortunate for us of the later generation that the olear-headed first sur veyor, who fired the eite, had the oourage of his oonviotions, and felt eo confident that posterity would endorse hie judg ment, as it has most emphatically. Could those signatories be confronted now with that petition, respectfully worded, what sort of expression would their faces wear? Oh, wouldn't I like to be present and hear what they thought of the matter now. Burns did i not aurrey the site of Adelaide nor did he j plan a single building. X don't think be vu j ever here. But he boa got' a etatue, and I Oolonel Light, to whom we owe eo much, ' bee only • crumbly monument whioh wonts whitewashing ' every year. Oolonel Iiight's memory, however, is cherished in - the hearts of the descendants ef those rebellious pioneers of 1837. Very likely if a statue of him were ereoted some fellow would be writing to the BfgitUr to prove that (1) Oolonel Light never laid out Adelaide; (2) that be was not in existenoe at , the time, and never was born; (3) that the site was originally selected by Tommy Walker; and lastly that Tommy Walker was in gaol at the time and knew nothing of the matter. 