(Sermon. /-f . OEDINATION SEEMON. X*'?/: Preached by Bev. Canon Goodman, M.A., at St. Paul's Cathedral,*''** Melbourne, oh December 21st — St. Thomas' Day, 1893. John xx. 29.— Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen Me, thou hast believed ; blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed. I had not expected to occupy this pulpit to-day, as a comparatively short time has elapsed since I was appointed to preach at an Ordination in this Cathedral; but by the kind consideration of our esteemed and beloved Diocesan, I have been selected to fulfil this important duty owing to circumstances affecting, myself. I may tell you that the present Ember Week sees the completion of 40 years that I have, under three - Bishops of Melbourne, held the office of Examining Chaplain. In December. 1853. 1 landed in this colon v, and the first duty assigned me, before I had read the Church Service or entered a pulpit, was to examine two candidates for Holy Orders, one of whom, the Eev. J. D. Brennan, after an active and useful ministerial career, which included the founding of St. Matthew's, Prahran, entered into rest. The other survives in the person of one of the most prominent of the members of this Chapter, the present Incumbent of Holy Trinity, Kew, and one who is conspicuously an ornament of the Church in this diocese. On that occasion I presented these candidates, and preached the Ordination Sermon on the Message of the Angel — 'Behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people, for unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.' The fourth Sunday in Advent in that year fell on December 18th, the following Sunday being Christmas Day. The office of the minister to preach the good tidings of great joy was readily suggested by the angelic message. You are aware that the half-yearly Ember Week examinations have always been held, even during the vacancy of the see; there were, however, none in 1855, when Bishop Perry visited England, and for a similar reason I was prevented taking part in the examinations held in 1878 ; but I can look back upon 7G occasions on which I have been engaged in this responsible duty. . The retrospect of so long.a period of duty brings with it much humiliation and a sense of many shortcomings, but if I feel that a great responsibility is involved, I can also speak of it as a great privilege, and one that has brought much happiness to myself. It has, led me into close relation with a majority of our clergy, not all of them younger brethren at the present time, for some of them have grown grey in the Lord's service, and some few, at least, have earned the title of 'venerable' as dignitaries of the Church. On the sympathy of such of you, my brethren, as I have solemnly presented to the Bishop, I can confidently throw myself, and I need scarcely add that I may ask your prayers that whilst I continue to execute the duties of this office I may glorify my Lord and Saviour, and that when I lay it clown I may, at the hands of the Chief Shepherd of the flock, unworthy though I be, render an account with joy and not with grief. In reference to my text, which I have selected as bearing on this festival of the Church, I remark that of all the apostles of Jesus Christ it might be thought that St. Thomas was not one that we should select as an example to the Christian minister, and yet an examination Of his character and spiritual history may be found to suggest valuable lessons in regard to the ministerial office. As we are1 met together on\ the day set apart for keeping him in remembrance, it becomes our duty to consider what is recorded concerning that member of the Twelve, and we may hope that in so doing we shall be helped to set forth the duties and responsibilities of the ambassador for Christ. We have no difficulty in finding ministerial portraiture in what is recorded of St. Paul ; indeed, most of his epistles relate either directly to the pastoral office, or exhibit the apostle himself in a pastoral character. Of the ministry of St. Thomas we have no record, and the tradition that he preached the Gospel in India is uncertain. We do know, however, that each of them was an apostle, that each of them saw the Lord, and was sent forth to bear witness to Jesus and the Eesurrection. In one respect they offer subject for comparison, namely — their state of mind before they received their final commission. Each of the two was an unbeliever, and each of them was led to renounce his unbelief ; the one showed his unbelief by persecuting the Church of God, the other by demanding more evidence of the Eesurrection ; the one was filled with hatred, the other with doubt. The passage which I have selected for my text brings to a close the narrative of St. Thomas' dealings with our Lord. ? (1) Because thou hast seen Me, thou hast believed. This suggests how the apostle underwent training for his work. ':??'?? ^ (2) Blessed are they that have not seen, and yet haye_ believed. This suggests the blessedness which apostles and ministers are instrumental in conveying. I. We may, however, first consider the character of St. Thomas as set forth in the narrative of the evangelist. It is common to regard him as a doubter — yea, an obstinate and wicked doubter, who by his obstinacy places himself beyond the pale of our sympathies. There are those who would go the length of calling St. Thomas the apostle of scepticism, but is this a true estimate of his position and character? In his case doubt was the offspring of despondency, just as jealousy is commonly the outcome of love. Whatever were the faults of this apostle, he cannot be charged with impulsiveness. His mind was slow in its working, his temper ind^gf^sdnOJielancholy, self-will was strong, and firmness took the form ,V-j5ne:f6^^t^oi Jesus were at this time prostrated with the calamity 'that had beerJVigrffid upon them in the sufferings and death of their Ma^teft Ofysyo aHbnem (not belonging to the Twelve) found an outlet ftori-tHpr ^OTC^ajyan evening walk and an animated recital of their troubles. JCoVSoomy Thomas had recourse to silence and solitude ; ;-thej£adtad?atui§iterview with their risen Lord on the very day which 2s^(fiin^seiirom the dead, when their sorrow was turned into joy. '*Hswffl&1fhugged his grief for an entire week. Can we, therefore, accuse him of any want of affection? Was it not the same disposition as that which led him to exclaim, when Jesus was summoned to the home of Lazarus: Let us also go, that we may die with him? It was not mere scepticism, but deep attachment to the person of his Master, that prompted these gloomy feelings. ' And then we have an interview of the joyous ten with the unhappy doubter. ' ' We have seen the Lord, ' ' was their announcement, showing that they wished him to share in their happiness. But does he, asywe might expect, eagerly accept the glad intelligence? No, his mind works slowly. It is the same Thomas who had recently exclaimed, 'Lord, we know not whither' Thou goest, and how can we know the way?' The news is too good to be true; his experience of life is too pessimistic to suppose it possible for such joy to be in store; he is no anti- supernaturalist ; he is not one to dispute the reality of miracles : he is like a man who hears that a large fortune has been left him, who obtains information from an eye-witness of the parchment document, but will believe no one, throws doubt on all testimony, and avows his determination to retain his doubts until he has read every word of the will, examined the signature of the testator, and satisfied himself that those of the witnesses are not forgeries. Such is the attitude of St. Thomas— the veracity of his fellow-disciples may go for nothing, the prophecies of Scripture bring no conviction to his mind ; even the plain statements of the Lord Jesus must be set aside. He must see the wound prints before he will fling away his doubts. Can we follow this doubting disciple into his solitude? Can we conjecture what were his thoughts, his desires, his prayers, how he would review the past and forecast the future? Certain it is that a change came over him, and by the leading of the Holy Spirit he was willing to do, on the octave of the Eesurrection, what he avoided on the day itself.. He joined himself to the disciples at their meeting, and no longer insisted on the examination of the wounds in hands or side. Moreover, Jesus did not reproach him for his previous unbelief, but in condescending love offered him what he had so stoutly insisted upon. Evidently the dark cloud of unbelief had lifted, brightness had taken the place, of gloom, and without accept ing the proposal to examine the prints of the nails, unbelief had given way to an undoubting faith. With joy, and possibly with tears, the feelings of his heart found vent in the exclamation, ' My Lord and my God.' Thus did the greatest doubter attain to the fullest and firmest belief. Nor need this Surprise us; for when the mind is in doubt the soul is in darkness, and during the chilly night the heart becomes frozen. But when the daylight of faith comes, the ice melts, and hearts which once seemed hard and strong show themselves capable of generous enthusiasin and ardent devotion. II. And now, having taken a rapid review of the character of St. Thomas, let us call to mind, secondly, what features of a true minister of Jesus Christ are suggested by it. 'Because thou hast seen Me, thou hast believed,' It is the first requisite of the minister of Christ that he should be a real believer, that by ah act of 'self -appropriating faith he should look unto Jesus as his own personal Saviour. No stronger expression of faith can be found in the Gospels than those words of Thomas, ' My Lord and my God.' It was not the declaration of a doctrine (I believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God), but an act of self dedication to service, a claim of every blessing that Christ was able and willing to confer. ' My Lord and my God.' And is not this what the Church expects of those who offer themselves for the holy ministry ? In this closing decade of the century there is much significance in the inquiry, ' Do you unfeignedly believe all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testament ?' And no less significance is there in the reply, 'I do believe them.' Now we may call to mind how St. Thomas was enabled to believe. Because he had seen the Lord Jesus. He saw Him after the Resurrec tion, and he had seen Him during the years of His ministry. He saw an infallible proof that He had risen from the dead, and he had previously seen abundant proofs that He was the Messiah of the Old Testament Scriptures. We may include Thomas as sharing with other disciples in the emphatic reply to our Lord's question, ' Whom do ye say that I am?' ' Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.' It was for the express purpose of seeing Jesus, watching His daily life, witnessing His miracles, as well as hearing the words of His lips, that the little band of twelve men were gathered together as Christ's followers. And because they had seen, they believed. The life was manifested, and they had seen it ; and thus were they able to declare to others what they had looked upon and their hands had handled of the Word of Life. Can we imagine anyone placed in a more distressing position than that of a man who has entered the ministry without full conviction, who has to preach truths of which he is not certain, and invite to holiness of life of which he is incapable of setting an example ? If you have not seen the print of the nails ; if you have not felt the efficacy of Christ's atonement, and the power of His Resurrection ; if you do not unfeignedly believe God's word written, and cannot preach it with heartfelt earnestness, far better do as Thomas was first inclined to do, refuse to be ranked among the preachers of the truth, refuse to declare a belief that is only a pretence. Another requisite in the minister of Christ is love to the Saviour. This was an evident feature of Thomas' character. 'Let us also go, that we may die with Him,' may have been the language of despon dency, but it was also the language of affection. How true was the saying of St. Paul in regard to the earnest-minded workers: ' The love of Christ constraineth us, because we thus judge that if one died for all, then were all dead, and that He died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto Him which died for them and rose again.' Love to Christ is at the foundation of personal holiness. We can not doubt that St. Thomas was a man of prayer ; that the week of solitude, to which our attention has been directed, saw much wrestling with God. We cannot doubt that it was a time of heart searching, and that he found himself in a fearful strait between implicit confi dence in his Master and a rejection of His claims. Ministers are specially called to holiness of life; they are ever watched; they may be examples to the flock, or they may be stumbling-blocks to weak disciples. There is among them great variety of natural character. In the best, infirmity of temper may manifest itself, roughness of manner, moroseness of disposition, but only let the love of Christ be the constraining principle, and growth in grace the daily experience, the minister, in spite of natural defects, will make himself respected, and wield an influence for good. How anxiously does the Church, through the ordaining bishop, ask the question — ' Will you be diligent to frame and fashion your own selves and your families according to the doctrine of Christ, and to make both yourselves and them, so much as in vou lieth, wholesome examples and patterns to the flock of Christ?' I have said that my text suggests the training of the minister : ' Because thou hast seen Me, thou hast believed.' The sight of the holy Jesus was the immediate cause of Thomas' belief, and it may be added that our Lord's appeal to the hitherto doubting disciple implied that the privilege enjoyed was not only real, but in excess of what would be vouchsafed to the mass of mankind. I say the privilege was real, and therefore I appeal to you who are to be ordained this morning, urging you to see Jesus, to look unto Him as the Author and Finisher of your faith, to see Him even though invisible. You can see Him in His word, you can see Him in His ordinances, you can see Him in the dealings of providence. The time will come when faith will be turned into sight and hope into fruition, but mean while faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the proving of things not seen. Faith gives reality to that which is beyond the reach of vision, and you may in your own turn echo the desire expressed by certain Greeks at Jerusalem, ' We would see Jesus.' . Yes, it becomes your daily duty to be diligent in prayers, and in reading of the Holy Scriptures, and in such studies as help to the knowledge of the same, laying aside the study of the world and the flesh. You have to be on your guard against the specious views that are put forth in these dangerous days, lowering the authority of Scripture and throwing doubt on its inspiration. You distinctly pledge yourselves to the Thirty-nine Articles of religion, to take them in, their literal and grammatical sense, and by so doing you declare that whatsoever is not read in Holy Scripture, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man that it should be believed as an article of the faith, or be thought requisite or necessary for salvation. III. I have said that the latter clause of my text suggests the blessedness which ministers may be instrumental in conveying. 'Blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.' We only know of one who after that address to Thomas is expressly mentioned as having been brought to believe in Christ by seeing Him. Others there may have been, but there is no record. Saul of Tarsus, to whom I refer, saw Jesus in the clouds of heaven, and spoke of that incident as the proof of his apostleship. 'Am I not an apostle? Am I not free ? Have I not seen Christ Jesus our Lord?' In spite of that exception, the beatitude pronounced by our Lord to Thomas applies to all who in every age have been brought to the knowledge of the truth. ' Blessed are they who have not seen, and yet have believed.' Here is the encouragement to all who go forth with the Saviour's invitation, to those who are commissioned as ambassadors for Christ. In calling men to be reconciled unto God they are inviting them to blessedness. In preaching Jesus and the Resurrection, in setting forth the powers of the Holy Ghost to reprove the world of sin and righteousness and judgment, they are gathering a people on whom our gracious Father confers blessedness above all that we can ask or think. Moreover, it is blessedness that reacts upon him who is the instrument, in God's hands, of conferring it. If it blesses him who takes, it blesses him w'&o; gives. Blessed are they who by your ministry are brought to believe in Jesus for the remission of their sins. Blessed are they who by your ministry are built up in the faith, who go from strength to strength, whose love abounds yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment, being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ unto the glory and praise of . God. And if they are blessed who as sinners have been brought to Jesus, and as saints have been built up in the faith, how great is the blessedness of those who have been used by the Great Head of the Church in declaring the message. If you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office and ministration, if you are daily seeking the same heavenly influence, and helped to serve God for the promoting of His glory and the edifying of His people, great indeed is your blessedness. You have received this call from God, you undertake this solemn responsibility, you are being entrusted with a Divine commission ; therefore I would say to each one of you, 'Watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry. ' 