GIVE US A SHOW. (Continued, from paffe 2), LYCEUM THEATRE. According to the author, the moral of "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray" is that punishment for wrong-doing comes through the good that is in us rather than the bad. To our thinking, however, the piece goes more to show that the woman of easy virtue cannot retrieve the past even by marrying into a highly respectable family. Now there are plenty of women here in Sydney, who have proved that it is possible for the lady who loves liberally not only to pull up but to become a reputable and much-sought-after member of society. Anything is pos sible to a clever woman who avoids alcohol. Anything is possible to her if she is even discreet in her dalliance with that spirit, though there is always the risk of the drink drowning her discretion - then chaos or suicide. Nor do we make these remarks in any disparagement of Pinero's work, which is clever - brilliant \- rather as an explanation why, in our opinion, such a play as this cannot succeed in Australia. Our manners and customs here are not bound by such cast-iron convention alities as they are in England, consequently the play does not strike us as forcibly as it will be readily understood it would strike the playgoer in the older country. Had Paula lived at Potts Point she would not have suicided - she would have lived on in spite of all, and if she did realise that she had made a mistake, she would have retrieved it per medium of the Divorce Court, or her husband would have done so for her. And it seems to us it would be a far healthier consummation than the act of suicide. Suicide is a very poor thing to hold up to public notice as the only haven of refuge for the worn and weary heart that needs comfort. The lesson to be learnt from Paula's bitter experience is too hopeless a one ever to become popular; be sides people don't go to the theatre to learn lessons; they go to be pleased or amused, and the Pinero preachment in this piece - though clever and incisive - is neither pleasant nor amusing. Aubrey Tanqueray, disappointed in his first marriage, by which he has a daughter, Ellean, marries Paula to give her a chance. Paula grows to love the step daughter very dearly, but the step-daughter, inheriting the cold temperament of her mother, does not reciprocate. This step daughter becomes en gaged to Captain Hugh Ardale. When Paula hears of this she is horror stricken and endeavours to prevent the marriage because Captain Ardale was one time a lover of hers. Considering that there is no bloodrelation ship between Ellean and Paula, the idea of the Captain transferring himself from one to the other doesn't seem sufficiently revolting to drive any woman to suicide. Paula herself was the second wife of Tanqueray, and it is only the grim spectres of Mrs. Grundy and the parsons hovering over the family which could make such a fatal finale feasible, it is time these ghosts of conventionality were laid, and sexual matters considered from a rational tempered by a healthy sentimental, point of view. The London "Times"' critic said "Nothing more essentially hideous or squalid than this play has been set before the sup porters of the Theatre-Libre or any of its offshoots. But let us do the author justice; it is written with a masterly hand, and holds the spectator from first to last in a thrall of horri ble fascination." Just so, but what do we want with this heart-searching stuff, clever though it is? Australia, the land of gaunt gums and dreary deserts, is dull enough in all con science without dismal dramas which give one the dumps, and savour too much of the Salvation Army Home for Fallen Women, without even that institution's redeeming features of rescue and reform. Pinero's name is nailed up over the door of the dramatic edifice, and those who enter make obedience to it. but it is for his "Magistrate," his "Dandy Dick," his "Sweet Lavender," and his "Amazons," rather than for his "Profligate" or his "Tanqueray." The conversational part is skilfully written. Every word is of value, and Mr. Titheradge, of all the men, showed how much he appreciated this. He had weighed every syllable, seemingly, and his per formance was a scholarly and brilliant one. Not so easy is it to write all we think of Mrs. Brough's impersonation of Paula. Her coquettishness when on the threshold of a new life with the man she loves, and who has opened to her the door of respectability gave promise of something that was not realised by her in tbe later scenes, when the complex mind-workings of Pinero's heroine have to be shown to an audience with the tragic force of a Bernhardt, tempered by the sweetness of an Ellen Terry. With the one exception of Miss Henrietta Watson, we think there is no actress in Austra lia who could impersonate the woman, created by the author of "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray." Mrs. Brough gives no idea that she was a woman who could under any circumstances commit suicide, and even if she could, we very much doubt whether this play would be any more acceptable to the average playgoer, and it is the average playgoer who must be reckened with. A tragedy is a tragedy even in evening dress, and when it is a tragedy, which is highly improbable in this swift-living period, its interest for the pub lic is comparatively small. Frequently the audience smiled when the author was playing on a particularly resonant heart-string. Pos sibly this was a weakness of the audience, probably it was the minor key which the player touched. We confess to an inability to analyse to such a degree of nicety. The final scene of the piece consists of a lengthy and monotonous speech by Paula, broken in upon occasionally by interjections from her husband, and when she finally leaves the room to commit suicide, the proximity of the end is hailed with unconcern if not pleasure. The playgoing public likes the happy ending, as Mr. Pinero has already learnt from his ex perience with "The Profligate." which origin ally concluded with the suicide of Dunstan Renshaw, but which, in deference to the wishes of that experienced London manager, Mr. John Hare, he altered to a reconciliation between the husband and his temporarily estranged wife. Even with this con cession the success of that piece was but ephemeral. As nearly all the interest centres in Paula and Aubrey Tanqueray, little need be said of the other characters excepting that of the daughter Ellean, who was but a negative sort of girl as played by Miss Noble, and Cayley Drummle, a friend of the family, artistically played by Mr. Bouci cault. There is a Lady Orreyed (Miss Temple) a one-time friend of Paula, whose suggestion that Paula should sing a comic song was welcomed by the audience with a sigh of relief, and Sir George Orreyed's (Mr. Cecil Ward) drunken walk-off at the end of the scene was accorded the heartiest ap plause of the evening. The new-comer, Mr. Renouf, Captain Hugh Ardale, was given a very warm reception. His capa bility as an actor can scarcely be judged from the part he had to perform last night. The curtain fell at ten past 11, and the striking up of the orchestra to play the people out drew forth the remark from one constant playgoer, at least, that "a little music is a relief, anyway." * * * *A lift has been constructed for the Qneen at Windsor Cistlc. Her Majesty finds her strength too small to ascend the ordinary stairs. Brown : ' Whose umbrella is this ? It looks like one I lost.' .Tones: 'I'doa'tsee how it can, for I scraped th^Jiandle, and altered it generally.' 