GOLD BY CHANCE. THE history of onr western mining states in fall stories that illustrate the purely accidental and fortuitous manner in which the most important discoveries were made, and when these stories, repeated among the miners as they while away the long winter evenings in their solitary cabins in the mountains, are taken into consideration the devout belief of every miner in the potency of luck becomes much more intelligible, One pf the most productive mines in California was discovered through the accidental fall of the discoverer. He was one of a hunting party that had gone out from San Francisco during the Christmas holidays. While passing along the side of a steep hill on a narrow trial his horse suddenly slipped, and, with his rider, went down into the gulch. Happening to be tho last in the line and some; distance behind the others, he was not missed for some moments, but when his absence was noticed the party turned back to look for him, fearing some untoward accident. He was nowhere to be seen, but the place where his horse had slipped and fallen over the bank, together with the traces of the fall, were plainly visible. Following the tracks made by the horse and man, and when near the bottom the men suddenly came upon an interesting spectacle. Just behind a clump of bushes which the man and his steed had crushed through on their way down stood the horse apparently uninjured, while near by, on a slab of rock projecting from the Bnbw, the man was capering like an Indian at a ghost dance. t The first impression of the rescuing party was that the man had gone suddenly crazy, but as be caught sight of them he instantly ceased his gyrations and shouted for them to approach. They came, when he showed them several lumps of almost pure gold he had hastily knocked from the edge with a stone for a hammer, and announced his discovery of a gold mine. The sliding horse had brought up against the ledge, and the restive animal, kicking vigorously in the efforts to rise, had Btruck off the moss j from the stone and disclosed the fact that it was a gold-bearing ledge of unusual richness. The find was ap- propriately named "The Christmas Gift," and a valuable gift it proved tobe. The miners of New Mexico tell a queer story which illustrates forcibly the miner's belief in his lack. A miner named John Quincy Adams was prospecting somewhere in the moun- tains. While wearily trudging aloug one bot day through a gulch where the sun had a good chance at his back he suddenly smelled smoke. The phenomenon struck him as odd, and he glanced quickly in every direc- tion to ascertain tho origin of the smoke, but, seeing nothing, resumed his journey. A momsnt later the smell returned, etronger than ever, and, the , breeze just then blowing in ' the direction he was walking, a light wreath of vapor curled about his ears and gave him to under- stand that his haversack was on fire. Like all minera, he carried a large lens for the parpóse of examining the specimens and the sand in his pan, and the trnth flashed upon him. For want of room he had hang the glass on the outside, and the rays of the sun had concentrated on his haversack, which was thus set on fire. As among its concents were 121b. or 151b. of powder, be lost no time in dropping the dangerous burien, and getting as far away as possible before it exploded. The haversack fell between two huge stones, and cuddled down out of sight. Adams soon reached a safe distance, and disconsolately watched the smoke arising from his sole wordly posses I sipns. Suddenly there was a deafening report. The ground trembled, and Adams dodged behind a huge stone to escape the fragments of flying rock. Rising, he went to the spot to gather up what he could find, when his eyes almost started out of his head at seeing the quartz that had been blown up fairly glittering with gold. His powder had done better on its own account than it had ever done on his, and had literally blown open a gold mine for his benefit. He was made a rich man in an instant, and named his mine the "Nick o' Time/' The famous Comstock was discovered by a chance as simple as tbao which exposed to the eyes of the astonished Adams the gold blown up by the accidental explosion of his haversack. According to the story told, the ground on which the lode was afterwards dis covered was prospected by Comstock, who located a claim, but made up his mind that it did not amount to much and so abandoned it. Shortly after this an old character named Finney was hunting in the neighborhood and shot a deer. The wounded animal struggled off, and while scrambling np the side of a hill dislodged some loose stones, disclosiug signs of the presenco of gold. Finney washed a little of the earth in a pan and was astonished at the result, for from tho BmaU quantity of earth tested came 10 or 15 dollars worth of gold. When Finney and two of his friends were I ".ter working the mine along came Cumstock and demanded to know what they were doing on his claim. They were obliged either to kill him or take him into partnership, so they did the lutter. The mines which built the city of Helena,- in Montana, were discovered by a party of four prospectors who were on their way to a well-known camp in the Eooteual country. Learn- ing that the diggings in that quarter had failed, they turned aside to pro- spect in another direction, and for some time wandered about, digging holes here and there, but finding nothing that they considered worth working. About noon of the 15th day of July, 1864, they arrived at the site of the city of Helena, halted for dinner and to rest their horses. Dinner over, their horses were saddled, when one of their number walked down to the stream to get a drink before mount- ing. From mere force of habib he began mechanically pcratching the gravel with his hands, when to his astonish- ment he drew out a nugget as big as a gold dollar. A hundred dollars worth of gold was taken oub in about 20 minutes. The men then immediately settled down and located claims. In a short time news of their success spread. Hundreds of other miners flocked to the spot, and a mining camp of unpre- cedented richness was established. The city of Helena sprang np on the spor, and it is said that one of the banks of tha*> city is situated on a portion of the first claim located by the lucky quartette. The fatuous silver mines of Potosi in South America were discovered by an Indian who was in pursuit of an antelope. He was climbing the steep slope of a hill and seized a bush to help himclf up. The plant gave way and revealed a ledge of silver. A few months after the massacre of Custer and his men a party of soldiers were scouting after hostiles in the Big Horn. The country was terribly rugged and broken, progress was very difficult, and after proceeding some days in the midst of the wilder- ness of peaks the guide was forced to admit that he had lost his way. The captain eeated himself on a ledge, while the gnide lay on the ground near by, holding the reins of the horses. An earnest conversation followed as to the proper course to be taken in order to get out of the hills. " Ton may say what yon please, but I think we ought to go that way," said i the captain, and as he spoke he picked up a bit of stone from the ground and tossed it in the direction indicated. The guide stared, then made a rush for the bit of stone. lb was a piece of quartz so thickly seamed with gold as to form a specimen of wonderful rich- ness and beauty. The two collected a few samples, hid chem, and agreed to keep the matter a secret until they could return and tike possession of the mine. | A few days later the guide was killed, and the secret remained with the captain. Tiuie and again after his troop bad been extricated from the mountains did he make efforts to relocate the hill of gold, but every effort was doomed to failure ; it could never bo found. It is possible that it may have been the " Lost Cabin ;" of this there is no certainty, but if not, it was a mine of such wonderful richness that nothing like it has ever since been discovered in the Big Horn range.-American paper. I 