FREE-TRADE IN THE UNITED STATES. (To iire xniTon of tub " ju/btralux smb.") Sir,— As the New South Wales free- traders aro extremely fond of stating that the United States have finally adopted free-trade I should like with your permission to give your readers a lew extracts from Borne of the leading American free-trade papers in order to show the utter fallacy of the belief that free-trade has even the ghost or a show in becoming the dominant policy of that country. At present the Democratic, or free-trade, party ia split into two grout- sections, namely, the Cleveland and the Hill divisions, both of which may, with the sin- aorest apologies to them for the comparison, bo said to rcscmbla somewhat the Wise-Cotton single-tax Bection of onr own beloved free-traders and the Reid- M'Millau section, inasmuch as the Cleveland party, like our ultra-freetraders, profess to believe in radical tariff reform in the way of direct taxation, whereas the Hill division advocate the retention of customs duties for revenuo purposes only. In order to show how hopelessly tho Democrntio party is divided on the question oi tariff revision. I give the following extract from the New York World, the leading organ of the Cleveland party, wherein it says " It is useless to deny or belittle the fact that there is a widespread reaction among the voters of the country against the free- trade party. And the reaction is not only sharp, but it is persistent, l'hore can be no dispute as to the fact that the political tide isrunningstrongly against the free-traders." The Now York Sun; which is the leading paper of the Hill section of free.tradgfs, in an article headed, " Licked all along the. line," says, " Tho map of the lato free-trade, reverses reaches from Rhode Island to New Mexico and Utah. A very largo part of this territory is democratic or free- trade soil taken possession of by the protectionist conquerors. In- tho present position of free-trade panic and skedaddle it is hard to point out any safe free-trade ground. The free-traders havo been swal lowed up overywhere. For tho present tho protectionists rule the roost. The great army of free-traders is broken and sullon, chafing at. the incapable and traitorous chiofs." In another article by tho same paper, on it letter written by Grover Cleve land to Channcey F. Black tho Sun calls that lottcr a dishonest document, and that no other adjective .bettor doscribea it ; also it says that "at a time when the lata and future of the free-traders aro at stake, when tho party which elected Mr. Cleveland is noaror to dissolution than ever before save once in the hundred years of its history, this selfish, stubborn politician and discredited leader has no better use for his pen than to mis-state deliberately the peril that confronts us." Following this withoring denunciation of tho iM-eat leader of- tho frce-trads tariff r form pat-iy wo next como to an article om tho fame paper on what is termed " The Dsmccratio Principle at Last," which, being interprotod, means that the truo democratic principle is a tariff for revenue only, in support of which is quoted what is terrnod tho incontrovertible argument of Senator Yoorhoes on the neces- sity for the ' retention of a sugar duty, ( namely, that "ovary dollar collacted from s. tariff tax on Bugar and paid iv-vo the Tror- aury relieves soma other artirl.i oi eveu higher necessity in the eoonon.y of ' life from -tho imposition of tarifi'tuxation." In reviewing thie argument the Sun says : — " By putting back the duty on sugar Senator Voorhees, like itn honorable and' consistent Democrat, lessens to that oxtcnt the favoritism and un constitutional jugglery of tho Wilson Bill, . aud makes' the new tariff moro in accord with tho Democratic decree that hereafter the tariff from cod to end, at each and every point, and atone point like anothce, must be for revenue only. The principle so bravely laid down as to sugar must be npplied to all other articles without favor. W ool must' follow sugar." As I think suffi cient has been ' quoted to evidence the folly of our looal free-traders in -looking to the United States as an object lesson whereby not only New South Wales, but the whole of Ausiralasia and New Zealand, shall bo converted to free-irade, the follow ing extract from the San Francisco Argo naut will show what a minute difference after all exists between tfte famous M'Kinley tariff aud that provided by the new Wilson or free-trade bill. The Argonaut says that on the authority of a writer iu tho leading Democratic (otherwise free-trade) organ of California " It may be stated that the reduction in the average rate of import duties, as proposed by the Wilson Bill, is 6 per ecnt ; that is, while the duty under the M'Kinley Bill, whioh was about 47 per cent, average, and according to tho free-traders was unconstitutional and a fraud, tho duty under the Wilson Bill, which averages 41 per cent., is, according to the same persona, grand, glorious and sublime, and fits that great instrument, tile Constitu tion of the United States, as though it had been measured and mado for it." In re viewing the foregoing extracts protectionists- would do well to consider that therd -is some slight parallel belweon the history of the . protectionist party in this country and the free-trade party in tho United, States, inasmuch as both parties were suc ceeded on their accession to power by un precedented panics, the causes of vihich rnve in both countries bean laid at the door of those parties, but there the parallel ceases, because, although it ie uadeuiable that the United States panic was the result of the return to power of the frce-tradsrs in that country it is also unde niable that the advent of a protectionist Go-, vernment to this country had absolutely nothing to do with our present depression beyond lessoning its evil effects. Therefore, standing as wo now aro on the thres hold- of a general election, it should bo a source of gratification to overy protectionist to know that his policy is in the hands of a Bolid undivided parly, and that, on the other hand, the ree.traders are hopelessly split into two sections, ona of which, like the Cleveland democrats, favors free-trade with direct taxation, whereas tho other, like tho Hiil democrats, believes in freedom of trade with a tariff for revenuo onlv. — Yours, &c.;, J. M'LACHLAN. 