TI|E CH^CHIN^ME^ICA. -a. Jt* Archbishop Ireland ok the Duty of p r Catholics.- t rll ■;TArf_.hB ,.p r We print a summary of the sermon preached in the Cathedral of St. Paul, the other Sunday, by Archbishop Irelandf CHURCH AND CONSl'ITUTION. " "TJhder theUoristlfcutaon and laws of the United States of America the Catholic Church enjoys fullest liberty.; The rights and privileges are accorded to her which she .requires and desires. The common liberty of the country is hers: Under that liberty she has the opportunity to put forth all her native energies.and^o work out the Divine mission which has been confided to her. by the Saviour. Special privileges she /must not seek; special privileges- she does not seeki Americans do not realize the extent of their blessed freedom unless they study the conditions of other countries, - where the individual is hampered jit almost every step by State laws and traditional social regulations j and in few things are they so fortunate as in the possession of that most neOessary of all liberties, the liberty, of religion. Ceaselessly should we thank God for our American; citizen-, ship iuid its great gifts. The American people—the great mass r of them—are loyal, to the letter and spirit Of the Com stitutiou, and they accord to Catholics, as to members of other church organisations, their civil and social rights iand privileges. The Americans are divided in religion; they agree to recognise the fact, arid while adhering loyally in religious mat ters, each one to his own convictions, to be one people in other matters. It is the characteristic of the American tb be generous and just, large minded and large hearted ; and Catholics should aim ,to be among the best, and most trillmgly.accbrd to non- Catholics what they expedt for themselves from non-Catholics. / There are in America - some, people who are narrow minded and bigoted, who, hate Catholics, and seek to deprive them of political and civil rights. . Let us: be as sured that these are the small number; that, ; being so thoroughly nn-American in thought and purpose, they cannot be come a danger to us, they cannot thrive upon the land of America,' they ' call only for pity and silence. In the closing years of the nineteenth century the trUe spirit of Americanism has so permeated our populations. so penetrated into, minds and ■a religious persecution is an absolute impossibility. They who fear it, or pretend to. fear it, either do not know Americans, or , they misrepresent them. Tim cause of my church,whichl love. with every fibre of my hearty, L entrust most confidently to.my{country.. : HOW TO JUEET OPfOSmON. When the attack upon ithe churjeli pro ceeds from malice, the one. plan to be fol lowed is to ignore it, to pass jt by in sj lence. To do else, is to;jbonop, and dig nify the attack, to give ,it fresh, courage. •Lo return blow for blow, to drown the noise by stirring up a greater moise, dis credits us before; the country, and makes f ,e. 8yp*Pathy andi respect of nur right-thmkmg feUow^itizens. j Where ig norance is-: at the • bottom'of. the warfare wagea^againsfc us,: it is proper -that) We din pel it by peaceful and -dignified methods. Mi ithe truth re g^mg the ohfareh.; -Tfils is a'ddty im-i posedupon us by our love of 'the church arid by out_ respect for our fieighbort, Wwi&W;'info hi error. Bufccur are^^muBt n^ver lack her*. in the cWh^ereelf:J her by wworthyjnethpds M to dishoriOf ?er apa toeourt defeat/ for bur efiorte Let there never be passion: pasmon-never passion would show that; we fbar forthe chureb^ijJVm the.ehni^vdatb<4ics never fear; theyknow ithe - adamantine rocks upon;which sheisbnilt they know thB<enduring |iow8r of'herwalls, which the-handofTtbei lribariate has tnejasur^ rictories but deprecate the • formatted" of; oigatiiBA tions'to oppose: this anti- Cethblicj dropS gaudism, ■ of noisy public3 digeus&ohis; agMnsftitin-preSsor on rdstTum,!' The recognised' individual enemy'of thedivii and social rights > of - Catholic^' orof Pro testants, or of anyclaSscif American'citi zens; I should shun as ft sort^of dange rous lunatic, and I shoold defenuhirfi'so un- American that • I; Would ikoti ' Vote'; to give him1 a public "position,' But I would not, oh mere shades of pretests,t suspect my fellow-citizens ; I Would ttet; brandish my rapier in the air against ghosts br men of straw ; I would hot go out calling for an enemy, and be determined to get up, by one device or another, a War.-Sbme Catholics have so acted,- so Written, and' so spoken, as to create the opinion that' theyare most anxious ior ^a iighr, and they tire the patience of the country. r< " f<; ti-irel YnaojD ' - no not roste JAl3 mar'tV&s.; ^ Some Catholics are prone .to attribute all their misfortunes to a persecution of their faith. They have lost a situation, because the times demand a diminution in the number of employees, or because their services are not equal to the required pattern: bigotry,,they say, is the cause. They have been unsuccessful in business, for one reason or another: I have suffered, they exclaim, for my Faith. After striving with might and main, and perhaps practices un-Catholic, to be elected to office, they are relegated to home quietness: opposition to Catholics,'', they lament, brought me defeat. I do not say that Catholics never have to suffer for; their Faith ; hut I do say that some exaggerate the sacrifices, and, wittingly or unwittingly, cover up under the mantle of Faith their . own lack of jtalent. or epergy, their own ill-fortune. And I do say tnat we must be sure we are right, when we pose before ourselves or others as martyrs1 and heroes. There 'is among some Catholics—and all our Catholic papers are not above this reproach—too much whining and grumbling; about grie vances, too much exaggeration of their rights as Catholics, too much suspicion of their non-Catholic fellow-citizens, too much readiness to misjudge the motives of those fellow-citizens. Let; us be truthful, just, brave, self- reliant apd the country will give us all that we deserve. I am confident myself that the conscien tious, frank, consistent Catholic will never suffer in America for his Faith, will even gain the love and eBteem of non-Catholic Americans because of their courage to maintain and act out their: convictions. Americans love the, brave, truthful. man, they despise and mistrust the hypocrite and the coward. 1 LET US NOT BE BOASTFUL. Let us not run to boasting-when a Catholic comes into-prominence in the. country, or attains to some public honor. Boasting indicates that,Catholics who be come prominent men are few, or that the church'depends upon them, or that it is their Catholic faith Which lifts' thein into office." : There is no reason !fdr wonder ment that: Catholics come; into high -posi tions in a country where, -they are., rather numerous; and when they are elected or. appointed to an office their success did. not come to them, and shoiiid' not have conie to them, in recognition of: their Faith.' Citizens' in AmericS are honored ; with office because they are men of in tegrity, and ability,. not, because. they are Protestants or Cathpjlics.~ The 'Constitu-. tion. conferring the suffrage had- riot;iu vieW' the religion' of Voter br! candidate', but the citizeiisbip lof thb one and the ■ other. lt is-wrong -to vote for a candi date because of: no other reason than ; that hp is a Prqtestan.t;,and it is wrong. to vote for "a man because, of no other reason theh that he is k Catholic. What all 'Americans need, whether Protestants, JeWsj' or Catholics,' tea-more thorough Americanism; and, with that; religious discord will not be possible in America, nor will there be discriminations of . citi-, zens because of reJigiousfdifferences, p The churoh amid amebican folitios. bvpr zeal in define®, of the. churcb and of Catholic interests, the.rushmg,in the , name of religion^ into imprudentmethods of warfare, proceeding often from best in tentiom9i Hpro<»ed; <»pca8iohally;nfrom a. harikering for- hotorietyy from a hope of mMaoitil 'gam, or ^m -^htical motives.: PdlitiftSplay no Inrighificaht r®fe !id-both' esffii&bF; present combatants. '-Thte TeW1 iU-adtfii&dffi;^b^^oWfear out; 'defi^h>-'^ri7 patted on the shoulder by .men who would ne^dfiT &e;&ra;£tg^ Sol who see in them posfiblp jajUApSf |for , an > approaching election. ' Or, on 4he - other hand, the same »rosMc^vey | ba^oty and office/ leadb some' to Haunt the 'banner of war before .the eyes of jCathoIics. A word as to' Citnolics in Ameri&tr; politics. Catholics are their-own masters m poli . tk&n; Sftbjfett only tjJnthe lam !bf i eternal enter into politics ; she has not the right Yoi todp^so. You "know, Catholic-brethren, that jyom are the* freest .of the free in yiiur.rpoliticd alliances. Tour bishops Sifdy priests, J^as citizens, have their own Critical ideai; hut they never try-*-they have noSrightto try—to impose these on ypiii } Tote is you like, belong to the parfy-you?prefer, but do jibt undertake to pull the church with you into any party. I . may ,be. misunderstood-and misrepre sented in what I:am; here saying. Bpt J speak in; defence of the dignity of the" church and for her. sacred welfare. ,Xhe Catholic Church;in A merica belongs to no political party, has no alliance with any political- party. •' She is * too great, tob free, charged with interests' too mighty,s to be the Blare, or the ally, or the par-f tipular friend of a mere political party.' And,they who,;would belittle her in tying hereto a party lay upon her sacriler gibus hands.. . Nor is there, nor can there be, in these-United; States of to-day, an American political party, ignoring the rights of-the; church, displaying ill-will toward her so as - to give reason for Catholics, on grounds of the church's welfare, to shun its tenets. You are free, go where you will—but as citizens, not as Catholics. I will go farther in the expression of' my thoughts on this matter. Speaking from the elevated plane of the church's welfare in America, .1 say it were an unfortunate day for her when Catholics are. found as a body to belong to one po litical party. May, that day, I pray, not come. If all Catholics, acting as citizens, believed that in obedience, to civil duty they should belong to one-party, I should bid them follow duty ; but I should still say, I am sorry for the church's sake that circumstances compelled such an action. The dignity, the independence, the wel fare of the church lie in her freedom from all entangling alliances with any one political party. : The Catholic Church, my faith speaks, comes from Christ, and she is invincible. The Catholic Church, my patriotism speaks", is safe and free in America. „ Let Catholics, individually, in thought and act, be worthy of church and of country, and no fear need come upon them . -♦ 