The Western Australian Gold fields. (By the Special Correspondent 8. M. Herald.) No. L The clouds of depression rarely rest long apoo any of the Aastralasian group. A breeze of promise from some unexpected quarter rises to lift the pall of growing despair and renethe growth of temporarily intercepted prosperity. In this instance light shows from the west—frotn that Cinderella, chanted in old- time song as the " Land of the Black Swan," the " terra incognita" of drifting leagues of sand, sombre forests of jarrah, and reward claims of fabulous richness. The motor of a rush has been set in action, and from Cape York to the chilly beaches of Hokitika all sorts and conditions of men are bound to the new El Dorado. And the rush, commencing from & common centre, like a pebble cast into a millpond, will yet extend its circling influence to remoter parts. The Western Australian Government, as a cogent if not altogether wise advertisement, have purchased a large mass of the produce from Bayley's Reward claim, and have sent it to England for exhibition. Already, despite ominous warnings, some hun dreds of emigrants weekly leave the ports of the United Eangdom for the too crowded avenues of Witzwaterland and the Mashona, where they have but a meagre chance of successful competition with predecessors and colored rivals. A much less lnre than a few thousand ounces of gold/will divert to a large extent this stream from Africa to Australia, and give such an impetus to the Western colony as gold alone can. In the meanwhile many, thrown oat of harness by the depression of the day, seize time by the forelock and flock to the scene. Thongh a rash, in its main feature of attracting a crowd from all points of the compass to a common centre, has a close family resemblance to its fellow-rush, the rash of to-day widely varies ia its component parts from the rushes 40 years ago. Then youth, energy, ability of brain or Luuaule, 01' Ix)tbp^f -aJLL!,cDantrie8 ■ and degrees, embarked heedlessly upon a «^reer in a country of which tbey had no\pripr conception, and dag and delreS iq. the most primitive"'manner, with tbe rltd^s| of appliances until the test of bitterfeaq^eriences had sorted those few for thetbi^'of gold-diggiag from those whose bodiiy^or mental, equipment pointed out sufer-af^ less exciting' methods of wooing fortune, . Now, all is different. Every colony of the group has its army of miners with its attendant fringe, sometimes too hea«ry, of mining speculators. Some 400 of this admixture, with an addi tional 20 or 30 brave spirits of the fairer sex, are now crowding the ship from which I write as she seems sul lenly to roll over the broard sea, ■by the shining sand dunes of the'' coast, bound Jbr Fremantle. Of them individually little need be said. They are quiet and grave, of all ages and experiences, showing little excitement, though it is fair to suppose they feel it, and taking the whole thing as if it were a look into the columns of their morning paper to see if anything ofiered that might suit them. And yet there are a few mining Ulysses who have stuck pegs on every Victorian, New South Wales, or Queensland gold field from the fifties downwards; not a few familiar with every evolution of 'change, learned in scrip, and up to every move of the market. And there are others who can retail legends by the hour of the Moonlights, Melvilles, Black Douglasses, Kellys, Gardiners, &c.;, of the past; among the younger reciters it is strange to note how the glamour of romance has hidden from their eye the real brutality and baseness of these men's lives. Yes, if it were not too familiar talk in these colonies, quite an "olla podrida" of digging, bush-ranging, and novel experiences could be gathered on the deck sufficient to outvie the most startling experience of the most j imaginative literary beachcomber of the sensuous Pacific Isles. But the en grossing subject of conversation is neither Coolgardie nor the difficulty of getting a morning bath, neither the records of the past nor the hopes of the future, but the prospect of a large ad dition to the passenger list at Port Augusta, where, much to our surprise, the Waroonga is announced to call. The propriety of an appeal to the captain is discussed. But wise spirits know the captain to be helpless. Times have not recently been so rosy for shipowners that they can afford to lose a lock of the hay so opportunely ready for harvest, -and even now the knocking up of a row of rnde stalls along the upper deck has occupied the attention of the ship's carpenters. So far as I remember, the camel originally made its Australian d6but in the shape of two specimens attached to some Vic torian place of outdoor entertain ment. Then six and thirty were im ported into the same colony for the Burke and Wills expeditifan and un consciously led to it3 disasters. But the camel, except for this special pur pose, did not take root in Sir John Robertson's cabbage garden. It re mained for South Australia to utilise it on a large' scale. Attached to the re lief expedition sent by the South Aus tralian Government in search of Burke were four camels which had drifted from Burkes lot and found them selves wandering on the northern boundary of South Australia as con stituted prior to the addition of its now Northern Territory. These four camels were secured as valuable flotsam, and attached to the M'Kinlay expedition. The then Governor of South Australia came down and had a ride, destroying his hat by involuntarily bashing it on his head, as Mazerani, the camel so honored, indulged in particularly high trotting action. But in addition to the curiouB oi polloi who crowded down to see the snips of the desert was the now Sir Thomas Elder, who, with his usual acuteness, saw something beyond a modified wild beasts' show. He, then an influential man, accompanied the expedition for a considerable distance— I think to Lake Hope—and was so pleased with the adaptability of the animal to the soft, sandy, poorly-watered wastes of the country that he com menced importing, and has continued breeding, to the present day. The camel with its soft, noiseless foot fall, stealing along like an eerie ghost in the shades of evening, with its power of burden and endurance on a scanty allowance of water, its preference for the salsolaceous and acacian shrubs of the interior, is matter in the right place, and Replaces by an efficient agent of communication the cumbrous un reliable bullock-dray and horse-team. It has conquered much of South Australia; it has invaded and shows its fitneBs for Western Queensland; and it is so evidently adapted to traverse the long heavy arid sands of Western Aus tralia that only a shortsighted and sel fish man would object to the discom fort.of its presence.on board ship for a few days, knowing. $s he may know if sq disposed, that a . well-conducted camel service minimises the danger and discomforts of pioneer life in a region bat recently elevated above its salt water level. Tet, it must be ad mitted, the camel is an ungainly, treacherous brute, filled with burning complainings when put to work, dis figured with unseemly callosities, gifted with strange powers of distorting its limbs, and at times positively dangerous.! Then it has a minor disagreeable, if poor in condition, which it is devoutly to be hoped our coming friends are not; it is apt to be afflicted with a con tagious (complaint, intensified in pro portion to its size. Gloomy looks re sent an unsuccessful opposition to their embarkation jpst made to the captain. That courteous official, as I premised, regretted lie bad no option. His duty was to obey orders. His orders were, to ship 100 camels at Port Augusta, and, unlike Jessie at Lncknow, all we can do is to regret that the " camels are comiug" with the Afghans in waiting apon them-and their gruesome attendant memories of-the Xbyber PaBS and Jellalabad.. Port Agusta, February 12. I Last evening the Waroonga steamed between the yellow shores of the inlet leading to this port, and this morning about 8 a.m, brought up alongside .the wharf, wherehuge stacks of bagged wheat lie in process of shipment. The stalls for the camels are run .up, and some of the passengers await their ar- , rival with a dread born mainly of ignor- j ance. The'latest canard is that the Afghan drivers decline to let: their cbargeB walk into the hold along the battened planks prepared for them, and that they insist upon these desert barques being slung in stays aboard. Meanwhile the hundred beasts have filed in long, strings upon the borders of the, wharf, and repose in their ungainly position apon the ground. They seem a clean, wholesome mob, in good condition, carefully branded, chewing the cud or growling in that tone of piteous protestation so characteristic of the brute. Their at tendant Afghans look a picturesque set of bandits with their baggy 'breeches, heavy turbans,' and martial moustaches. Among the " brog," or pack-camels, with their coarse horsehair saddles, are one or two of higher breed, bearing the same relation to the burden-carriers as the thoroughbred horse to the Clydesdale. They carry the riding saddle, a gaily ornamented equipage studded with brass and hgh peaked in the front. I am glad to see them, though not enamoured of their presence as ship mates. They mean locomotion and carriage under the most.distressing cir cumstances of drought, and it may yet prove the fate of more than one who now cavils at their presence to welcome their gaunt outlines on the horizon of the thirsty lafid as the welcome agents of his release from the most horrible of deaths. Tons of sand are being strewn between decks and on the planks of the upper deck as absorptive bedding. The process of embarkation commences, and is conducted 'in this wise: The saddles are removed and stacked: the camel lies bare of every accoutrement except the nose string by which he is led. This nose string is attached to a pes of wood inserted in the cartilage of the nostril, and forms, in addition to voluble objurgation, the controlling agency— the helm, so to speak—of the desert sbip. These Afghans are sturdy fellows. Two of them mount on the top of two railway tracks laden with hay, and fling down some bales; a third beneath arches bis back, upon which the otheis lift a bale, with which he trots, abso lutely trots, to the receptive hatchway. Some loose straw forms a soft carpet under the slings, and amid uncouth dis tortions, and diabolical groans, and futile resistance Mr. or Mrs. Camel finds itself slung into the air and expedi tiously lowered into the hold. The first camel lowered was one of huge dimen sions, and presented in camels an initial norts cameli. He stood, from the sole of his feet to the summit of his hump, from 8ft. to 8ft. 6in. The lower lip of the main hatch was not more than 6ft. from the main deck floor. How to make an 8ft. 6in. camel enter that inferno, the main deck, ] through a 6ft. portal, standing, the problem could nob bfc solved. The camel would not betid or bow to cir cumstances, but Jack, mercantile or naval, is not prone to put np with defeat, so the poor beast was made to lie down, bad a canvas or rope breech ing placed round his hind quarters and was lugged by main force into his destined berth. After that the ship ment went merrily on j the camels got smaller or the hatch higher, or the men more adroit; volunteers were in plenty; and Afghans, sailors, and servants working with a heart, the whole fleet were aboard and snugged down in less than four hoars. A good deal of the grumbling incidental to this shipment vanished before the ludicrous details of the embarkation. Many had never seen a camel before; most had but a hazy idea of the creaturej and it was an. object lesson of a very practical character to view leisurely these Asiatic enlargements of the South American lama, with their patient, deceptive appearance, kick like a cow, back like a well-bred outlaw, and growl like a foreman printer at a Ibss for copy. Practically, we are ready to start, but we have outlived the tide, and a ship of our draught cannot run the circuitous narrow channel of this shallow sea-arm without its assistance. Then when weighed and clear from the wharf a search has to be. made for stowaways, for, having bad to refuse 30 passen'gera here, it is highly probable some may seek an un authorised passage. Our next port is Albany, which will afford those who desire it an opportunity to escape the Leuwin, and to run by rail to Perth direct. The great question of embaik ing camels having been fruitlessly pro tested against, the piling of the deck with forage is. now exciting animad version. Camels must be fed, so forage must be carried; and as forage is naturally carried for the horses and other stock shipped to other rushes, and the danger consequent upon the presence of careless smokers and errant sparks of 6re incurred, I do not see bow it is to be avoided in this instance. Those who go to goid-digging must be prepared to face the many risks attached. If they would travel with a minimum of risk, channels offer to those willing to pay the increased cost. Pepperby: * M&waon;, how can yoa eat lobsterandcrdam ? Ife suicide.1 Mawaon: " I know it is, Pep ; but I can't , help it. Eve got a hero in my, novel that does the same thing, andTye,got to lmov just whatiheseaiB^6^&t;&^ 