CHAPTER V. "No shade has come between Thee and the sun, Like some long childish drum Thy life hits run. But now the stream has reached A dark, deep sea, And trial, danger-crowned, Is waiting thee." Owing to the intense heat, now, no one is standing nearer than twenty paces to the doomed building, and Gabe, unheeded in the excitement, is in the front row of the firemen. On the tight of the front wall and close down to the pavement is a kind of opening, half window, half trapdoor, that is some times used as a short cut to the stage. Every door and window glows with molten fire, all but this, from which come only occasional whiffs of flame and much smoke. Gabriel's mind is made up. He throws himself down in the torrent of waste and heated water running past the kerb, then rises, and before he can be stopped, rushes through the intervening space of scorching heat and blinding glare and disappears in the low window, from whence the instant after, volumes of fire and smoke issue. The frantic ambassador wrings his hands, "Brave boy, come back" he cries, " 'tis too late." — But Gabriel hears not, nor would have heeded if he had. Through tongues of flame and stinging smoke and hissing steam he pushes on, not knowing that he has taken the way. that will lead him right under the stage. As the winding passage descends, the smoke becomes less, and finally he emerges in the space under the stage used for storing heavy properties, and for working some of the machinery of the theatre. The bottom is about a foot deep in discoloured water, in most places. In many spots, the stout 3 Inch planking on the floor above is burnt through, and big beams of timber, as well as pieces of the flimsy scenery, fall hissing into the water. A sickening smell, as of charred human flesh, makes him turn faint. The great trap-door, in the centre of the stage, whence used to issue the pantomime goblins and the tragedy ghosts, has gone, and through the opening, the boy looks up into a glowing cauldron of incandescent fire — a burning fiery furnace. Now his foot strikes against something yielding, lying in the dark water. He stoops down, and puts out his hand. Oh, horror a dead child! Poor little fairy— her gauzy dress burnt, her butterfly wings broken, her face blackened and distorted, by a martyrdom of pain, out of all girlish likeness. And this? Another innocent victim, crushed, mangled, shapeless. Both fallen through the trap. Merciful powers— cannot human ingenuity — always so ready to in- vent new means of annihilating lives by wholesale— devise a means of safeguard ing these tiny innocents at such a time as this? He pursues his search, but all hope has deserted him. Stay; whatls this? Something glitters just in front ol him, above the turgid waters, something which scintillates with a luster reflecting and even excelling the vivid glare of the flames. He touches it. A diamond tiara. Monica's diamond: He has seen them ones around her fair throat on the Street. More sick and faint than ever. Gabe staggers and falls against one or the brick foundations of the stage — a few feet from the trap. The brick pillar prevents his entire collapse, but his limbs fail, and he slips down to his knees. And there by his side, is lying as calm and as peaceful as if the King of Terrors was not now reigning triumphantly around, and the Destroying Angel of Fire hold- ing high holocaust, she for whose sake he has plunged into the Valley of the Shadow of Death. Untouched by fire, unhurt by falling beams, unharmed by others fighting and struggling for dear life, unmarred in any way that perfect loveliness, she must have died painlessly from suffoca tion. Even her beautiful dress if un- injured. Her hands, crushing the now faded lilies, are crossed over her breast; while she is half covered by the elaborate mantle of emblazoned velvet, that had docked her ill-stared throne. The violet eyes are closed now, tho girlish voice hushed. Her face, pure as at angel's, is like to the face of one sees only in dreams. Gabriel takes the ruby mantle from off her motionless figure, and immerses it deeply in the discoloured water. There he lays it down where the water is least and reverently places upon it the body of Monica Demestre, and rolls, like a shroud, the velvet canopy around. The heat is now terrific and the floor of the stage above is a net-work of fire, * * * * * Pale and cold as death itself, even in that intense heat, Lord Demestre stands like a rigid corpse leaning stiff and movement-less against one of the engines, he knows by this time that no only his daughter, and the boy Gabriel —Ross has told him who has so bravely rushed into the burning building — have perished in that dreadful calamity, but many others who were taking part in the performance. With the view of forcing an entrance by the most practical route. Ross orders two streams to be directed to the little low window through which, Gabriel plunged ten minutes ago. The effect is soon noticeable in the diminishing flames. Then a slight boyish figure, carrying some burden all covered with blackened and scorched crimson velvet, crawls painfully out of the seating hell-fire of death and destruction, and slowly totters across the sidewalks to where Lord Demestre is standing. His task now done, and physical strain of the last few minutes proves too much for his high-strung feelings and exhaustive powers, and Gabriel Considine reels and would fall , if the strong arms of Ross and Harris do not hold him up. One of the waiting ambulance waggons is brought along, and she, who in all the radiant beauty of girlhood has so lately rolled to the theatre in her father's carriage, is now carried away in the city accident -car. Three minutes after, the entire building collapse, becoming in a moment a chaotic mass of burning debris, the spread of the fire on both sides taking place with great rapidity. For sometime a most appalling conflagration rages. The immense warehouses which have been built in proximity- mity to the Central Station: the enormous business premises in Murray- street: the 10 and 12 storied suites of offices: a host of shops, stores and dwelling houses : several hotels, two music halls and one church— all are destroyed. The whole area from a point opposite the station on Wellingt- on-street, to William-street corner thence up that street to Murray-street and then half way to Barrack-street, is entirely conflagrated. From all these burning buildings there shoots up into the zenith a per- feet column of fire, illuminating like noonday the surrounding neighbourhood. The houses on the heights of Highgate reflect the blaze ; the cathedral in Victoria Square shines like red Carrara marble. Over the whole city, hangs like a pall, the heavy bank of lurid smoke, rising and spreading out, but not dispersing, in the calm etherial atmosphere, erstwhile laden only with the balmy breath of western nighty and the intoxicating incense and perfume of tropical flowers, in the many beautiful gardens of the most beautiful city of the south. Redly rippling, flecked and flaked with fitful fiery flashes, rolls atom the majestic River Swan. Each passen- ger steamer, carrying back to distant riparian suburbs many thousands of re- turning pleasure seekers, leaves in its wake a long trail of crimson tipped foam. Even the distant hills of the Darling ranges catch the glare, and shine, red summitted, through the hot purely haze. Fremantle has long ago been apprised of the fire, and tens of hun- dreds of spectators therefrom pour out of the special trains arriving at the Central Station. The ascending column of red-lit steam and the fiery banner of smoke attract wondering attention from the dwellers in the city of Geraldton in the north to those in the town of Bunbury in the opposite direction. York, and Beverley, too, gaze, and speculate. Many a half-drunken man, at inland mining camps, quits the bar where he is holding Christmas wassail, and runs out into the pure air, and espying the fiery colour low down in the western horizon, for one forgets to use his pet adjective, and reckons he has never seen such a "blooming Ho- roarer" Long before Rottnest light shows up - look-out men on vessels approaching the 'Gates of the West' (as Port Fremantle is sometimes subriquetted) report "Unusual light (to a sailor anything uncharted is 'unusual') in the sky S.E. by E." ; causing many inquisitive passengers to leave their state rooms and verify the report for them- selves. At last, after many hours hard fight- ing, further spread of the flames is pre- vented, and the conflagration subsides and finally dies out; and Boxing Night laden with so much loss and pain and sorrow, passes away for ever. 