' SPIRITUALISM IN SYDNEY. THE WONDERFUL MATERIALISA TIONS. SOENE AT A MELLON SEANOE. Mr. T. 9, Henry, architect, of Lincoln's 'Inn-chambers, Klizabeth-stroet, Sydney, and Mr. G. L. Wallis (of Winnlicombe, Carson, and Co/a establishment) yesterday made a very interesting statement to a reporter of "Tho Dally Telegraph" re garding the feats and manifestations accomplished ami produced by spiri tualistic mediums. What may be best described perhaps as a spiritualistic wave has, within the past threo or four months, been passing over the city of Sydney. Somo 10 or 12 years ago just such a similar cur rent of spiritualistic belief was evident in tho city. The matter was taken up by many prominent men, and most as tounding manifestations were disclosed in spiritualistic circles, and tho subjoot was in places pursued to great lengths. Many took up the study of the question from a pure lovo of scientific research, but no thing very definite was the result. Within recent date, howover, Sydney has become possessed of another prophet of spiritualism, who lias been reputed of re markable powers in her art, science, doc trine, or whatever the subject may be call ed. This medium, Mrs. Mellon, Is a mar ried lady, and has not been without earnest supporters, who firmly believa in her powers to produce . and "materialise" spirits. For somo months past, spiri tualistic seances havo been held by Mrs. Mellon and other mediums, aud mani festations of the most wonderful character have boon produced and witnessed at them. The clrclo which has witnessed tho spiri tualistic wonders has been composed of a privileged few, and included tho well- known iuodico, Dr. M'Carthy, who has spent a good doal of time in Investigating from a medical aspoct this and other sub jects connected with psychic research. So extraordinary woro the occurrences made manifest through the mediumship of Mrs. Mollon, and apparently so well authenti cated were they, that the matter soon be came common talk, and all tho eld spiri tualistic enthusiasm was rovivod in Sydney. Such a widespread interest was, evinced In tho doings of Mrs. Mellon in common with tho other exponents of the supernatu ral, that during the. past two months this gifted medium lias given seances before ac knowledged sceptics, with every somblauce of openness and with the closest scrutiny and criticism invited. This was In order that society at largo might bo convinced that the materialisation of disembddlod spirits was real, and that no fraud or de ception entered the accomplishments. Thp- narrative describing tho experiences of the clrclo at those seances shows that Mrs. Mollon has from time to time, from a cabinet, produced and materialised .sha dowy forms until they bore the semblance of human beings. So realistic woro tho figures or ghosts that photographs have been obtained of them, and their features plainly seon. The spirits, in boiuo in stances, have, in semi-darkened rooms, materialised and dissolved In the middle of tho lloor, away from tho curtained recess where the medium sat. in full view of the astonished circle. As among the circle wero citizens of repute and sound common sense, their confidence was being rapidly communicated to society, and spiritualism during .the past few wooks has developed luto a craze of the most fashionable and fascinating character. 