GATHERED HUE. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. CHAPTER XXVI. "FRANTIC MAD, WITH. EVKB 1IOBB UKHEST." BY ELLEETON GAT, Author of "Drifting under the Southern Cross," " Aoross the Gulf," Value must always be relative, and varies with varying oiroumstances. A neoklace that would purchase a wife or a canoe in New Suinea is bat a worthless string of Ehells in ihe eyes of civilisation. Diamonds have no value to the man who sees their delusive iparkle when he is seeking the water for which he is dying. What value has a meal to a man who has just dined with the Lord Mayor; a title to him who begs bread ; a copper to a Rothschild; a priest to a dying Protestant; a wig to a new-born babe; or a skipping-rope to a paralytic? The value of Ekaterinska in Uoderwood's eyes was greatly enhanced by its comparative neighbourhood to Moondaburra, with the opportunities its possession would give him of oalling frequently at the home that sheltered Mora Tremayne ; for this reason its intrinsio value was raised and he was prepared to give rather more for it than he considered it worth. Basil Tremayne's objeot in acquiring it had been, in the first inetanoe, to save hiB dead brother-in-law's name frcm the obloquy of bankruptcy by takingover the mortgages upon it. He had t>eea foiled in that objeot by the petty vindiotiveness of Craven's banker, who happened to be the same from whom Tremayne had withdraim his aocount some years before for an action of his which, Tremayne considered, involved a breach of good faith, if not of honour. ThiE banker, or bank manager rather, now took advantage of a delay in oomplying with the letter of the law (caused by the press of business on Basil's hands at the time of his mother's sudden death and Craven's suicide) and placed TrBmayne in the position of having to purchase in the open market against any other bidders. In this oase Basil would have had nothing to do with it but for the knowledge that Underwood-was especially desirous of acquiring it, and'Ao placing himself at his doors, as it were, »t Oondalla. From there he could make himself obnoxious as a neighbour in many vexatious ways—such as oomoulsory fencing, boxine his flocks with the Oondalla eheep, disputed boundaries and water frontage, and bv introducing "cockatoo farmers" on the lands adjoining Tremayne's. So that Ekaterinska gained a higher value in his eyes, and be determined to possess it, no matter what prise Underwood should run it up to. A very small knot of uninteeested spectators had gathered in the spacious salerooms of the Sydney agents and auctioneers. They looked on with indifferent gaze until, in effeot, the straggle between the rival bidders beo&me; a strenuous one, and Underwood had overstepped by some hundreds the price he had already determined was its utmost value, even with the advantages its position gave in hisfeyes. . . BufTremayne,- with a cool undaunted nod to the auctioneer,' overbid him each time, looking straight past his antagonist as though he had never seen him before. Then the oniooldtrs became excited with each fresh bid, and applauded equally Tremayne's consummate ooolneBs and determination and Underwood u a fiery eagerness. The' victory, as we have seen, fell to Tremayne, and Underwood stalked out of the aakuvom beaten and scowling. Soon afterwards he went to a club of which he was an honorary member, _ and where he was standing on the verandah in conversation with the member who had put up his name, when Tremayne came in accompanied by Diok JJtabazon, who had just returned from a trip •to the old «»ountry. Tbey eat on the club verandah^ talking together of various things in low intimate conversation, when Underwood's voice, purposely raised that it might not fail to reach them, silenced them. ." Yes, I haa-e been bidding for Ekaterinska, the place IITT poor wretch of a cousin. Clifford Cravoa-, owned. Faot is I did not want it myself, trat I was determined to run it up that jaatioa might be done, and that the man who wanted should not get it for a mere song and do the widow and the creditors out of the money, as it was obvious he meant to." The gentleman ho was talking to eaid something in a lower tona- "Yes, poor oltj cihap," Underwood said, "committed euioilde, you know, beoause of his wife. She mighiS pass for a_ devil inoarnate, only for her very human frailties — facile in morals and drinks like a fish 1 Doubtless some of her lapses from the path of virtue oame to her huBband's ears, BO he, feeling himself too weak to cope with such a calamity, • shot himself as the shortest way out of the , disgrace"—— , He eaid no more. Tremayne stood before . himand looked him straight in the face with :-".an .expression in whioh there was no anger— only cold contempts He stood in an easy attitude which was Call of latent strength. He looked nobly stern and self-contained—in striking, oontrast to Underwood, who bad in vol un fcaril > stepped backwards a pace and \- moved restless feet and hands, w&ile; his features worked with ignoble passion. Basil held a slight cane he had taken from Dick Brabszon, who willingly relinquishing it, stood by his side to help, if need be, in die condign punishment to be inflated. Basil held the aane as if it were a foil, pressing the point slightly on the ground, and •poke in his habitually low tone, deliberately and slowly. "Will you withdraw your statements about thfiltdy whose name you have mentioned, and make an instant and ample apology for uttering them V "Certainly not! No one knows better than you, her brother, how true they are, much as JOT may naturally desire such truths kept in the background of oblivion." Underwood's tone was as insulting as he oould make it, and he appeared not to notice any menace in the cane Tremayne held, though he blanohed perceptibly. " You refuse to apologize ?" "Not only refuse, but I reassert that what I have stated is the truth, and that you know it." "Then you must take the consequences of ybur baseness." The oane was raised now, and with one forward movement, whioh Underwood could not avoid, Basil grasped him by the collar of his coat and held him firmly despite his struggles and iteration in coarser language of his accusation against Katherine Craven. Then he belaboured him with intense good will until the slight oane broke in two. He did not regret, either then or afterwards, that he oould not inflict a severer punishment with the weapon he had seized. The disgrace was the same, and the ignominy of a public horsewhipping would suffice. He threw the pieces of cane from him and released Underwood. "That is how I treat a blackguard who blackens a woman's character in public," ho said. "You shall give me satisfaction for this insnlt. I challenge you to fight a duel with me!" Underwood picked up the pieceB of cane and Sung them at Basil, but they flew wide of their mark. He cast appealing glances around for sympathy and eupport, bat every one present obviously turned from him with disgust. "Bah! You must get your satisfaction at law. I shall not fight you." Basil turned away with Brabazon, and in a few minutes the verandah of the olub was left to Underwood, who, hastily settling the disorder of his attire, entered the olub. A notice that moment was being posted on the boards to the effeot that Mr. Geoffrey Underwood's name was erased from the list of honorary members. It was signed by the member who had proposed him. Sfasil was summoned to appear at the Polioe Court for the assault, and, after a cursory and' perfunctory hearing of the particulars, was ordered by the magistrate, with a lenient smile, to pay a fine of five pounds. Geoffrey Underwood went on board a P. & O. Bteamer, but whether he went further than Melbourne none knew, and as he appears no more in this history we need not enquire. The horse-whipping appeared in the papars with suppressed names, but never became a matter of notoriety. Catherine never heard of it among hor opium dreams by the eea- ' shore; nor Mora in her happy patient waiting for the reconciliation which she was sure muit come soon. When they did meet, and Basil knew what special news she had for him. all munt be well with them. Margaret was far away, and her name would never be breathed between their, while by-and-bv there would come a little one of her own who would wipe away with one touch of its tiny helpless fingers the jealousy of the child of that unknown woman which Mora dimly recognised at the veiy bottom of her trouble. She found the heat very trying during the long weeks following Christmas, but she was content to lie in a hammock in the shade of t.he great white cedars and dream away the days with a volume of Shelley, an old copy of Montaigne or De Mussec, or some sterner volume of Matthew Arnold, of Herbert Spencer, or. -of Emerson, waiting and looking forward Iongiog to annihilate time and ipece. Yet with all her iove and longing her little notes weekly were but a dry statement that she was well and that Mrs. Wilmott still remained with her, that Olga had oome and cone, and certain letters whioh seemed suffi siently.important were enolosed : while his to $er related first his arrival in Sydney, then the Jate of his departure from there,, that he was well, bat Sydney was very hot with a prevalence of the trying wind known as " brickfielders"—whioh they say is so strong that Sydney umbrellas are made with an extra number of ribs to withstand being instantly blown inside out. No mention of the future, merely a bald record of the moment to keep up appearances for her sake. Philip Armstrong turned up with the regularity of an annuity, ready with his valise to aooompany Basil to Ekaterinska, where be dreamt away five happy days on the scene of Clifford Craven's abortive experiments, and where he wrote a plaintive ode inspired by the sad note of the curlew, and a humorous sonnet to the frogs in the marsh. He was so delighted with their hollow croak-croak, it sounded so cynioal and pessimistic in the quiet evening when the bustle of the head station had ceased and the crock of the stookwhip was silenoed. While Basil was busy with the manager in the hot little room that did duty as office, Armstrong lay at full length on the dry grass under the loquat-trees, looking up at the Southern Cross and dreaming dreams happy and whole-hearted for having cheated for once the demon that pursued him. In the hueh of the still luxurious warmth of the evening air voices softened by distance floated up from the men's huts. He listened. The stockmen were singing a song that he had written years ago and bad almost forgotten. It amused him to have it recalled in thiB way; he remembered that when writing it he had hoped it might become a favourite lyric with the men to whom mustering was the reality of their lives. It amused him still more to find that they had tacked a refrain of their own to eaah verse to suit the exigency of the time or the requirements of those who wished to join in and yet knew not the words. He had called it THE MUSTER. It ran— The hot sun streams, the mirage gleams, The gimtrees yield a scanty srca le; The white dust flies in mouth and ejes. Intent on work no man's dismayed. The bulls tarn back, the stockwhips crack Their long, lithe thorn's 'ike pistol shot; No spur of steel the horses feel. They know their work and tear it not. The cows with calves seem torn in halves. Alarmed they know not where to turn; The heilers gaze in wild amai?— Their lesson they have yet to learn. Through close mallee, o'er fallen tree, The good speeds gallop, wheel, and spin; Bellowing all the cattle c-ill,/ The blue hills echo back the din. •Witli heaving Banks they break the ranks, With lowered horns they stand at bay; With crack of whip and saddle grin The stockmen charge and gain the day. On, on, they go, dogeed by their foe, They've lose the chance to make & stand, Their hopes are dead, for straight ahead The stockyard loometh close at hand. The dog" all bark, it's getting dark; The !ong d&v;'e work is nearly done. And strong high poets receive the hosts. The muster's o'er by set of sun. And to eaoh verse they shouted a jubilant ohorus:— Bun in the nags, roll UD the swag?, For we're all off a muster-r-i-n-g! A simply expressed wish from Basil that his presence at EkaterinBka should not be known even at Oondalla was suffioient. Every one believed the necessity for secrecy had something to do with the completion of the transfer of the property, and respected it up to a certain point; but that was a point to whioh their master oould or' would not specially allude ; therefore the thailman happening by chance to see Mora herself as he rode through Moondaburra with his paokhorse spoke of her husband's presence with a great air of secrecy, as though of course she must already know of it. Then she trod on air and spent every moment of her time whtching the road by which he would come. Then day by day her heart sank, until tbe usual weekly letter from Basil, in which h e mentioned having been very busy both at Ekaterinska and in the capita], but that he hoped to be able to start for Yowarren in a few days, from whence his letters should be more regular. Then 'his unyielding nature became fully apparent to her, and she broke down in her stern resolve to meet him only on equal terms of forgiveness. She ordered horses to be got ready for starting to Brisbane the next day, and against Mrs. Wilmott's earnest entreaties started on one of the most oppressive days of the summer for her long drive. In her feverish impatience the long miles of monotonous gum forest seemed interminable, and the stillness and heat weighed her down with a sense of physical oompulsion and hindrance. The nearest hotel received her "tired frame and wearied spirit late at night, but not too late to send a messenger off to the Club to implore her husband to come at onoe to see hor. The. man was to wait if Mr. Tremayne was out and to give the note into no other hands. She was prepared for a oertain delay, but her messenger oame baok very quickly. Mr. Tremayne had started, that afternoonby tteamer for Rockhampton. Tossing all through the hot night on her bed Mora wept bitter tears. She oould not yet acknowledge that she had been entirely wrong, but the situation had become unbearable, and she thought there was nothing she would not do to bring him back to hear her petition. She would telegraph to him and implore him to come baok, or at any rate to wait where he was until she could oome to him. With the morning oame a different oounreL She would make no advance to hioi until she oould go to him with his child in her arms to plead for her. With this determination she telegraphed to Katherine that she was coming to stay with her for a few days. She was deeply shocked to see the change a few months had mad9 in Katherine. Dumaresque had said she looked old and wizened, her magnificent hair had become sparse and lustreless, and her skin looked tense and yellow. Her manner was listless and absent, and exhibited none of the fiery passion and impatience which used to characterize it. Bridget Moran was singularly kind and tender with her, treating her like a ohild. When Mora had been with her a day or two Katherine seemed to wake up to the fact that her sister-in-law was unhappy and suffering. She questioned her about Basil, and heard of theestrangement which stili'existed. She talked it over when Mora was sitting sadly on the beach with old Bridget, whose quick Irish heart beat quickly to the reoital. " The poor oraythure," she murmured, pityingly; "sure, it only wants a worrud to clear it up. I wish, d ail in 1 , you would go to confession an' let the holy father tell ye what to do.' Katherine answered her roughly, and swore she would go to ber deathbed without uttering a word. Bridget harped upon the subject until Katherine left her in sullen anger, saddling with her own hands the beautiful horse she was in the habit of riding daily more from oustom than inclination, for she did not disguise from herself that her nerve was not what it had been, and that she trembled like a leaf after a tussle for supremacy with the spirited animal. Mora went baok to the distracted Mrs. Wilmott, looking like the ghost of herself, with sad, weary eyes that seemed to be looking out on a hopeless future. One ray of comfort oame to Mora at this time, a letter from her father announcing that he was beginning to pine for the smell of the gnmleaves and the sight of his darling, and shoald be with her after only a year of absence instead of two. He landed in Brisbane the very day a little granddaughter was born to him at Moondaburra. As fast as he oould get there be went to see them. He marvelled greatly at Basil's absence at suoh a time, but sat down and wrote reams of description of the dear, sweet, pale face of the young mother, and the funny little dark one of the infant, who was so like Basil. But back from Yowarree oame no word, no sign from Basil. After many weeks' silence, when Mora was convalescent and the baby was being carried about the verandahs, a little fluffy bunch of muslin and laces, he recognised his own letter to Basil at Yowarree amongst others which were readdreased to him at Moondaburra. He oould not quite understand it. It Seemed strange that if Basil had left Yowarree before his letter arrived there that he had not already arrived at Moondaburra, where no news of him of any sort had been received. Mora's attitude under this want of intelligence filled him with surprise; Ehe seemed so unsuspicious of mishap, so little impatient of delay. He blamed her for it a little, thinking she was too much wrapped up in her child to remembar her husband. He was wrong in the conclusions he drew frem these signs. Mora, evaded the subject solely because she wished to avoid his queotions. Her delight in the joy of motherhood could not fill her heart to the exclusion of other thoughts, and knowing that by this time Basil must have heard the to him unexpected news of the birth of her child she hoped that he would set out at once for home. It was not until her father told her of his own letter being amongst those readdressed to Basil from Yowarree that ehe lost heart. Then her restlessness and impatience grew upon her, aud she insisted upon going to Brisbane at once, that she might have? every facility for news, and for sending and receiving telegrams. Mr. K rby spent hours at the telegraph offices paying enormous Burns for special messengers to ride to Yowarree; but th« only news they could get was to the effect that Tremayne had left tbere with one man in his buclcboard buggy on suoh a Hate. By the aid of the telegraph they traced him for a few stages, and then no more could be heard of him. and Mora lay orushed under this terribled read that Bhe would never more see him alive. CHAPTER XXVII. "I MUST BURY SOBROW OUT OF SIGHT." While Mora was thus tortured with all the horror of uncertainty, with the dread of unknown terrors, in which not the least was the vision of her husband dying of thirst—wandering round and round in the dread circle that those lost aud maddened by the sun and for want of wator have invariably be»n found to take—and with tli9 memory of Evelyn's f t m d a ate ever before her, a summons came for her o go to Katherine, who had been slightly hurt by a fall from her horse. Katherine wrote—" I have something I ust tell you and clear my conscience of before I die. I don't believe I am going to ie, though Bridget thinks I am." Full of deeper trouble Mora hardly gave a thought to this pregnant sentenos in her sisterin-law's letter. Katherine's appearance gave little cause for larm, in faot she looked better lying there on her sofa helpless from concussion of the epine than she had done when Mora last saw her. She was more like herself, more irritable and exacting, though submissive as a child in Bridget's hands. The truth of her improved appearance was that she was now dependent upon her faithful old servant for everything, and oould not, without excruciating pain, lift herself from her couoh. Bridget only doled out her precious laudanum at rare intervals, and then only as a reward for good behaviour. She waB promised a larger dose than usual as soon as Mrs. Tremayne had gone, when ehe shonld have told her what she had sent for her to hear. "So you don't know where Basil is?" " We can get no information at all," Mora said despondingly. " Katherine, it is killing me! To think we parted after a quarrel never to meet again—it is too awful! To think that I have been all these weary months believing him to have lied to me, convinced that he was hopelesBlv in the wrong, and that now when a dear conviotion has oome to me that my darling is truth and honour itself, I may never _ be able to throw myself at his feet and implore his pardon for doubting him !" "Oh, he'll turn up all right, you'll see. We Tremaynes take a lot of killing." "If I could believe that! If I oould go on hoping my heart would not be breaking with longing to see him, if but for a moment, just to say—• I was wrong; without word or oroof I wholly believe in you.' But I shall never see him again ! He will have died believing I doubted him to the end." "Nonsense, nonBetise, lots of people turn up who have been lost for years; yes, for more years than Basil has been missing weeks. He is poking around after a new block of country, perhaps, and will tarn up at the nearest Land Offioe some day quite surprised that any one had been oonoerned about him." This rough and ready consolation was very little to Mora's taste; it presupposed that Basil had suddenly grown oareless of everybody's feelings, had lost all consideration for her, for society, for his work. Urgent matters on ell the stations eaemed suddenly to have oropped up demanding settlement. He would never have gone off of his own aocord and left duties such as these unprovided for, to say nothing of deeper matters of consideration. She remembered why ehe had come so promptly at Katherine's request. " You wanted to see me particularly ? You had something you wished to tell me. ' To unburden your conscience,' I think your note said ?" Mora brought her thoughts to bear on another's troubles with an effort. " What is it, dear ? How oan I help you ?" " Perhaps after all I will not tell you—it is not very muoh—is the door shut ? Where is Biddy?" " The door is shut, and I think I hear Mrs. Moran in the kitchen. Do not tell me unless you wish to—unless it will be a relief to you that another should know it, or if I can help you in any way." " You are sure Biddy is not listening ?" "Quite sure," said More, after going to the door and looking into the next room. " Then I will tell you. Perhaps you may think I have been a guilty wretch—perhaps you will never speak to me again ?'' "It would not be for me to judge you whatever you have done, Katherine; I feel my own shortcomings too deeply." " Then listen and try not even to look shocked. You know there was not much money to coma to me until affairs at Ekaterinska were quite settled, but there would be something due to me from Oondalla, or rather Basil meant to give Olga and me a third, or something. I have always been ,careless and vaguo about money matters. Any way Basil paid a large sum of money into my credit at the Consolidated Bank, and it is all gone— every penny ! I suppose I have fooled it away and wasted it, and I dare say you will be horrified, but what am I to do?" "If that is all your trouble," Mora said in a surprised tone, "it can very easily be arranged. Father will pay in Bome more money to your credit. I thought from your note that there was something really serious— is this really all ?" "Of oourseitis," Katherine said irritably. "Quite enough too. I oan't get along without money. Did you think I had earns orime on my conscience ? You are green, Mora 1" When Mora took her leave Bhe found Bridget Moran lying in wait for her in the garden. " Has she told you ?" The old woman's voice quivered with eagerness and her face looked pale and anxious. "Oh yes," Mora eaid with a smile, "she haB made a great confession." " Dear Mr6. Basil, sure you don't think anny the worse of the poor orayture ?" "Certainly not. Women are not supposed to know the value of money, and Mrs. Craven has never had to learn economy. I am sure she need not begin the lesson now for a few hundreds." Bridget looked up at her with a frightened unpretending gaze. She said—"I must go to her; she doesn't like me to leave her." Mora went home to take what oomfcrt she could from her rosy little baby, who was yet unnamed until her father should see her and pronounce the syllables by which she should be called. Still no news oame from or of Basil, and with every week Mora's fears and apprehensions were doubled, until there came a day when only to know the precise spot where his bones lay would have been some oonsolation to hor. But before this Katherine sent another urgent summons for her to come once more to see her. Mora went at once, oonquering her repugnance, and feeling pity for the poor woman who had alienated every friend she had ever possessed by her violent tempers and unloving moods, and was now wholly dependent on the care of her old fostermother. She was still confined to her couch unable to sit up or walk about, but suffering little pain so long as she lay quitestill. Dr. O'Brien predicted from week to week that she would soon ba as well as ever and able to ride as before, but he found himself wrong, and she remained in the same state, strangely unwilling to make the least effort towards moving. Bridget, kind and gentle in all else, tyrannized over her in one particular. She was to save her soul from ages of purgatory by turning Catholic. She herself went constantly to mass and confession—shewas making up by her zeal and devotion for her long years in the bush, where the consolations of her religion could only be obtained fitfully and irregularly, and to which, therefore, she had become somewhat oallous. Katherine had been obliged to acknowledge that she had not told Mora what she had especially eent for her to say, and Bridget gave her no peace until she had exacted a fresh promise from her. Again Mora 6et by her sofn prepared to bear her, and again Katherine's determination failed her. She looked at Mora in her fresh, cool, white linen frock and broad shady hat, which made her look singularly girlish and innocent, end again she brought her inventive powers to her aid. After having given euch sympathy and consolation on the subject of Basil's disappearance as she could according to her lights. Mora had to remind her that she had written of something she wanted to tell her. " Do you want more money ?" Moro asked. "No, I can't Epend much money lying here by the heels. It is another matter. I am coming to it presently," she said pattisfalv. ''Why have you not brought your little baby to see me !" "It is suoh a long drive, Katherine, but I will bring her the first oool day. I cannot Btay verv long now, but I will come again soon. You were going to say ?" "'It is no great matter, though I dare say you will stare. You know what my life wis with Craven, what a womanish sort of thing he was. You have guessed, perhaps, how from the first he wanted no wife, but a nurse. You know how unfitted I was for such a life !" " Yes, yes, it was hard for you, perhaps." Ivatherine had hesitated and Mora felt constrained to say something. " Then after tome years I gave way to a great temptation." Mora gave a snared look at her as she paused. Katherine henitatod and stumbled over hsr words as she resumed. " I knew—I had an idea—that Clifford might—that there was a fear—in fact that he might shoot himself, and I—well, I did not tote sufficient oare that the pistols were put out of his way, as I ought — I did uot take the trouble to find out where they were—do you think I did a tarrible thing? Gt course I did not know that he would use them, but I ouKht to have been sure that temptation v.-as uot within his reach. It was dreadful, waen'tit? dreadful enough to haunc a poor penitent on what may prove her deathbed." Katherine broke into tears, and Mora, though inwardly shuddering, had to console her and assure ber that she could not be held responsible. Katherine roughly pushed her away and rang for Bridget, who ran in hastily with her beloved old greasy oabbage-tree hat on her head. " Bridget-, I have confessed to Mrs. Tremayno, haven't I, Mora ?" Mora bowed her head 'n assent and accepted ber peremptory dismissal, while Katherine detained Bridget in attendance upea her. A few days afterwards Mora took her baby to see Katherine; eho found her sulky and rude, almost refusing to her. and it wis only a week later when Dr. O'Brien telegraphed f c t t T t t d s O y rom Katherine's cottage to say that a sudden hange had taken place, and that the action of he heart was seriously impeded. Daniel Kirby started at once with Mora only o find chat Katharine had been dead an hour. he poor old nurse with eyes blistered with ears and voice choked with sobs took Mora in o see her dead. " I don't mind," she said passionately ; " I on't mind, she's in glory, poor dear, and I hall see her with the saints some day. The blessed priest came to see her and saved her. h, Misa Mora, it all came of confessing to ou how she had wronged you, it softened her heart maybe tb religion." Mora gave her a startled glance, whioh the old woman engaged in rearranging the white roses round the pilow, on which lay the still beautiful head of Katherine, did not see. "I knew you would make no difference to her, poor sinnicg darling, and I always told her it wasn't right that Mr. Basil should be punished for what he never had nothing to do with. It wasn't her doing that it was Baddled on him, that wss that devilish Underwood s " Eow?" Mora murmured, trying to keep her emotion out of her voice. " Didn't she tell you?" Bridget queried with momentary suspicion ; if Katherine bad not told she would breatha no word of her dear one's secret, though she died for it. But she had confessed to Mora, did she not say so before her? „ "She did not tell me how it was done. Mora said temporising, feeling that the revelation about to be made might even now escape her unless she were cautious,-even deceptive. " I would not have tortured her with questions. " " Well, as you know so much you may as well know alL The child was born in Sydney, and she came baok with it as soon as she was able to travel. Then Underwood fetched it to mv hut and put it in a sort of nadio that he made himself, in which it was found on the verandah that night. But it was I who r»n up in the very midst of the storm and left it. He did everything else; he managed eo that every one should think it was Mr. Basil s child left by the hawker's women. She was just like him, too; you could see it when you knew who her father was; more by token she took after her mother to that length that I used to think I had my little wild Katie back again when Margaret ran with her tantrums down to me. That is why she is so like Mr. Basil too." Mora sank on her knees during this recital beside the dead body of Katherine ; after » time Bridget spoke to her and found she had fainted. 