THE ABSENT MAN, e the BY JERor?s K. Jn3OMU . ht You ask him to dine with you on Thurs day to meet a few people who are anxious p to know him. so "Now don't make a muddle of it," you say, recollectfal of former mishaps ; "aid abl come on Wednesday." He laughs good-naturedly ase h u hnts through the room for his diary. mu "Shan't be able to come Wednesday," we bhe says; "shall be at the Mansion House, an sketching dresses, and on Friday I start die for Scotland so as to be at the opening of wt the txhibition on Saturday ; it's bound to bri be alt right this time. Where the deuce y is that diary? Never mind, I'll make tu note of it on this, you can see me do it." It You stand over hito ihile he writes the di, appointmt nt down on foolscap, and watch ne iamn pin it up over his desk. Then you come away contented, mn "I do hope he'll turn up," you say to ac your wife on the Thursa.y evening, while co dressing. i "Are you sure you made it clear to of him ?" she r, plies suspiciously ; and 3on I nstinctively feel that whatever happens cl she is going to blame you for it. Iib Eight o'clock arrives, and, with it, the at other guests. At halt-past 8 your wifeis otctoned mys'eriously out of the room, w where the parlour maid informs her that in the took has expressed a determination, st in cuse of fur.her delay, to wash het hi hands, figuratively speaking, of the whole affair. Your wife, returning, suggests that, if S the dinner is to be eaten at all, it had w batter be begun. She evidently considers g that in pretending to expect him you have , been merely playing a part, and that it ci vould have been manlier and more el straightforward for you to have admitted tl t it th. beginning that you had forgotten r to invite him I Oaritg the soup and the fish you ie- t. coJnt anecdotes or his unpunctoality. By t ie time the ecuree arrives, the empty n coair has begun to cait a gloom over the Srinner, and, wiih tt.e j lint, the conversa- ii 0 otton dritte into tals about des t relatives On Friay, a a q ter er past 8, be (a he p ap to the door a it rings violently. I-e.ar d tog his voice in the hall, you go to meet a im "S rry I'm I te," he sings out cheerily, 'fool of a cabman took me to Alfrc t Place it a cad of-" " \Well, what do you want, now you an come?' yon interrupt, foelng anythitg ,r ot genially totward him. He is an ola :riend, so 3 on can be rude to him. dHe laughs and slaps you on the shoulder. " Why, my dinner, my dear boy, I'm Sstarving." ' Oh," you grunt in reply. " Well, you . go and get it somew here e'so then. You're 1, out going to have it here." " Wuat the devil do Jou mean ?" he Ssays; "you asked me to dinner." f " I did nothing of th, kind." you tell aim, "I asked you to dinner onToursday, tot on Faiday " a He stares at you iucredilously. ut ' How did I get Friday fixed in my le mind ?" he asks enqu:ringiy. be " Because yours is the sort of mind that -would get Friday fi-mly fixed into it, when Sr'uursday was the day,"you explain. "I thought 0ou had to be cff to Elin. burgh, to-night," you add. y 'Great tcott " he cries; "so I Bave,' er and without another word, he dashes out, and you hear him rushing down the road oe. shunting for the cab he has jsat dis d- missed. in As }ou return to your study, you rtfl 'ci tLat he will have to travel all the way to Sn cotland in evening dress, and will hrve U to send out the hot.- porter in the morn tog to buy him a suit of ready.made is clothes; and are glad. Matters work out s:ill more awkwardly when it is he who is the host. I remember being with him on his house-boat one day. It was a little after 12, and we were sitting on the edge of the boat, dangling our feet in the river-the spot was a lonely as one, halfway between Wallingford and Day's Lock. Suddenly, round the bend, appeared two skiff., each one containing six elaborately dressed persons. As soon as they caught sight of us they began waving handkerchiefs and parasols. " Hallo," I said, "here's some people hailing you." "Oh, they all do that about here," he answered, without looking up ; "some bean-feast from Abingdon, I expect." The boat drew nearer. When about 200 yards off, an elderly gentleman raised himself upon the prow of the leading one and shouted to us. Mr. Quae heard his voice and gave a start that all but pitched him into the a water. " Good God I" be cried; " I'd forgotten all shoot it." "About what?" I asked. "Why, it's the Palmers and the Gra- hams and the Hendersons. I've asked them all over to lunch, and there's not a blessed thing on board but two mutton chops and a pound of potatoes, and I've for given the boy a holiday." Another day I was lunching with him at the Junior Hogarth, when a man named Hillyard, a mutual friend, strolled across to o , "What are you fellows going to do this afternoon ?" he asked, seating himself the opposite side of the table. "I'm going to stop here and write letters." I answered. "Come with me if you want something to do," said M Quea; "I'm going to drive Lena down to Richmond." (' Leena" was the young lady he recolled being enraged to. It transpired afterwards that he was engaged to three girls at the time. The other two he had forotten all about). "It's a roomy seat at the back." he "Oh, all right," -ai t. Hlallyard, and they went away together in a hans :m. An hour an i a half later Hallyard waked into the smoking.rnom, lookins i depressed and worn, and flang himisel: op into a chair. '. ' I thought you were going to Rich in' mond with Mh Q toe," Isaid. " So did I," he answered. "d tHid an accidernt ?" I asked. "Yes." He was decidedly curt in bis I replhe. S "Cart upset ?"' Icontinued. "to-only me" d, IIe grammar and his nerves Eeemed thoroughly haken. I waited for an explsnation, and after a on while he gave it I "We got to Putney," he said, " with jiet an occasional ran in.o a tram.car, and were going up the hill, when suddenly be turned a corner-over the curb. across the rt road and in'o the opposite lamp post. Of n' coauree, as a rule, one is prepared for it, obut I never reckoned on his turning np there, and tht first thing I recollect is find. ing myself in the middle of the street with a doz n fo's g'inning at me. I: takes a d man a few minutes in each a case to think where be is and what has happened; and, u' when I got up,. they were some distance Ir away. I ran after them for a quarter of a m, mile, shooting at the tap of my voice, and u accompanied by a mob of boys. But one emight as we'l bhve triedl to hail the dead, to so I took the bus back." 'They might have guessed what had re, happened," he added, " by the shifting of p. the cart, if they had any sense. I'm not e I light weight." be He complained of eorenes', end said he would go home. I suggested a cab, but he rephled that he would rather walk. m I met MQ tae in the evening at the S8' . James' Theatre. It was a first night, and he was takioge sketches for the Graphic. The moment he saw me he made his way Sacross to me. "n The very man I wanted to see," be said ; "did I take H dilyard with me in the :d cart to Richmond this afternoon ?" to "You did," I replied. "So Leena says," he answered, greatly Iewildered; "but I'll awe.r he wran*' there when we got to the Qieen's Hotel." "It's all right," 1 bald, "3oa dropped him at Putnoy." AN "Dropped him at Putney !" he re p, std; "I've no recollection of doing tC " He has," I answered " You ask him about it. Ie's fall of it." m Everebody said he would never gel m married-that it was absurd to suppose he would ever remember the day, the church h and the girl all in one morning-that, if he y did get as far as the altar, he would forget cc what he bhd come for, and would give the y bride away to his .own bsrat man. Hall- ti yard had an idea that be was already if married, but that the fact had slipped his his utitnury. I mn self felt sure that if he did marry he would forget all about it w next day.. But everybody was wrong. By some d miraculose means the ceremony got itself j' accomplisbe 1, so that if Hallyard's idea be correct (as to which there is every poses bility), there will be tror:ble. As for my own ifears, I dismissed them the moment I saw the lady. She was a charming cheerful little woman, but did not look the t:po that would let him forget all r about it. I had not seen him since his marriage, which had happened in the spring. Work. ing my way back from Scotland by easy stages, I stopped for a few days at Scar. bore, After table d'hote.I put on m) mack nt' s', and went out for a walk. It was rairinJ hard, but aft:r a month in Scotland one does not notice English weather, and I wanted some air. Strag gling along the dark beach with my head against the wind, I stumbled over a crouching figure that was seeking to shelter itself a little from the storm under the lea of the Spa wall. I expect-d it to swear at me, but it seemed too broken-spirited to mind any. thine. "I beg your pardon," I said;" I did not see you " At the sound of my voice it started to its feet. "Is that you, old man ?" it cried " tcQ sae I" 1 exclaimed. " By jve," he said, " I was never so ul ad to see a man in all my life before." And he .early shook my hbnd off. " But what in thunder," I said, "are you doing here? Wh,, Sou ro drenched to the skin." Uoe wa dressed in fl nnels and a tennis coat. " Yes," he anwered ; " 1 never thought .t wool I rain. I. was a lovely morning." " Why don't Sou go Lome?" I asked. 'I cI''," he replied. " I do 't know h ra I lve, I've forgottno the address." I began to fear that he had overworked himsell into a brain fever. " Fo- heaven's sakr," he said, ": rake me o-omewhere, and give me something to eat. I'm 'iterallr searving." "H1aven't 3on any money?" 1 asked e hm as we turued towa-ds the totel. " Not a son," he answerad. " We got I in here from York, the wife and I, about 11\. We left our th n ;s at the station, and s'arted to hunt for apsrtneante. As toon as we were fixec, I changed my cl-thes. 3 and came out for a walk, telling Mland I -hould be back at 1 to louch. Like afool L[ never took the aidress, and never 0 noticed the way I wts going. " It's an awful business," he continued; ' 'I don't see how I'm ever going to find her. I hoped she might stroll down to the Spa in the evening, and I've been hanging about the gates ever sinca 6. I hadn't the threepence to go in." "But you have no notion of the scr. of street, or the kind of house it was?" I en. c qa 'red. o ' Not a ghost," he repl ed ; "I left it ' all to Maud, and didn't trouble." "Hiae you tried any of the lodging hoos-s ?" I asked. "Tried I" he exc'aimed bitterly; "I've been knoc ing at doors, and asking if Mrs !', Q lae lives there, steadily all the after. er noon, and they slam the door in my face y" mostly without answering. I told a e poal ceman ; I t'!ooght e-ehaps he might ig suggest something. But the idiot only ly burst out laughing, and that made me so id mad that I gave him a b'ack eye and bad d, t i cut. I expect they re on the lookout for g me now. S "I w, nt i to a restaurant," he continued, 1n gloomily, "and tried to get them to trust me for a steak. But the proprie:ress said 'e she'd heard that tale before, and ordered me out before all the other customers. I be think I'd have drowned myself if you as hadn't turned up.' After a change of clothes and some suppar, he discussed the case more calmly. e but it was really a serious affair. They ne had shut up their flit, and his wife's relatives were travelling abroad. There a was no one to whom he could send a he letter to be forwarded ; there was no one with whom she would be likely to com ri monioute. Their chance of meeting again in this world appeared remote. Nor did it seem to me-fond as he was a of hie wife, and anxious as he nodoubtedly d was to recover her-that he looked for. 5 ward tothe actual meeting, should it evei 0 arive, with any too pleasurable anticipa ae ton. "She will think it strange," he mur mored refl-ctively, sitting on the edge of t the bed and thoughtfully pulling off his ad sock,. "She is sure to think it strange." ee The following day, which was Wednee day, we went to a solicitor, and laid the i cass before him; and he instituted en he qmries among all the lodging houte ket-pers in Scarboro', with the reosult that oe on Thursday afternoon MeQuae was re storcd (after the manner of an Ad- lphi ,g aero in the last act) to his h me and wife. e I asked him next time I met him, what " ah had said. n• -' Oh, much what I expected," he re. a' plied. But he never told me what he had e expected. 