ROUND THE CHURCHES. No. 7. The Rev. Joseph Robertson, M.A., at Stow Memorial Congregational Church. Quiz had last Sunday to obey the Scriptural injunction, "Stand not upon the order of your going." He had intended to visit a certain Bible Christian Church, but noticing from the advertise ments that the regular pastor would be absent he found himself a member of the very large con gregation worshipping in Stow Memorial Church. Big guns of the cloth have presided over this church—Evan, and Symes, and Fletcher. The Rev. Joseph Robertson is like none of these. The four men, all talented, differ materially. The first impression, as you see Mr. Robertson behind his reading desk, is that he is a small man, but therein you are mistaken, and you perceive your error as during the service he leaves the platform to go to his vestry. The church is so large that seated at the back you are notable to fix the features of the preacher with any degree of accuracy. You see that his face is dark and in clined to be round, that he wears a moustache and " sideboards," and you set down his age at some thing between thirty-five and forty. A habit he has of elevatiug his head gives you the notion that he has a snub nose, but this is not the case. His nasal organ is straight. The forehead is broad and high. Is he a man of weak health ? Surely he must be or he would not sit down while the hymns are being sung. He has spectacles, but he only uses them once during the service, and he does not need them, for his sermon is largely extempore. As he rises to give out the opening hymn and surveys his congregation, you fancy you can detect the flicker of a smile of superiority, and the suggestion is emphasized by the tone of the voice. This latter may be due to a weakness of the lungs, but it has a tinge of complaint in it—a sort of " Curb your- impatience-IJm-going-to-speak " air, or " I am Sir Oracle, and when I ope my mouth let no dog bark." Mr. Robertson drawls most frightfully. If he were to meet a starving man and were to say, " I intend to give you a real good square meal," the chances are that the man would have given up the ghost before the completion of the sentence. This slowness of speech is probably to a large extent an affectation. He takes nine seconds to say, " Al-migh-ty and ev-er-last-ing God." Parson Piatt would whip it out in three seconds. But one advantage Mr. Robertson has over many of his fellow ministers, and that is that he is wonder fully distinct. You can hear every syllable, and though, the splitting up of words irritates you somewhat, you forgive him on account of his clearness. The reading of the hymns is by no means bad. There is more than a suspicion of the clerical sing-song. Why do parsons drop their voices at the end of every line ? Still, Mr. Robertson does not make his hymns absolutely monotonous. He has paid some attention to the elocutionary art. He knows exactly of what his voice is capable, and it seems as though he has an idea that to be impressive is to be slow of speech. Well, he knows the requirements of his congregation better than Quiz, and it is no good serving them out molten lava if they prefer cold tea. It would be difficult to find a more striking contrast than that presented by the Rev. Day Thompson and the Rev. Joseph Robertson—the one mercurial; the other phlegmatic. The one anxious to get rid of a rush of words; the other searching as he speaks for an appropriate phrase. Yet Mr. Robertson is is not at all flowery in his language. His diction is common-place. He uses the word "thing," for instance, three times in one sentence, and you are surprised at hearing from a man of education something like ; the following:— " Copy 'im. 'E not only saves your soul; 'E gives you a pattern for your life,' or "A mother suffers for her che-ild." Very little action is employed throughout the service. Sometimes the closed fists are brought together, but never vehemently. Vehemence is no part of Mr. Robertson's cult. Now and again the index finger is raised, but it is in rather a listless manner. The preacher moves about from side to side of the platform, and occasionally he fixes his eyes on the southern windows as though he were trying to see through them into the blue vault of heaven. There is at first a tired look about the man, but this disappears as soon as he plunges into his subject. And as to the sermon, it must be confessed that it is of a pattern to suit the worshippers, each of whom probably believes he or she is qualifying for the wearing of a crown. Comfort is given to the true believer, and Mr. Robertson does not altogether consign the rest of us to everlasting punishment straight away, for a chance remark of his seems to indicate a feeling on his part that there may be a state of probation after this life is over. "Let us," he urges, "act out our Christianity, and let the world see in our business and social life, in the home, in the family, in the workshops, in the stores, in the offices, in the streets, everywhere, that God's truth is in us." Mr. Robertson does not philosophise about the Atonement. He accepts it as a fact, and bases his remarks upon it as such. It i^ as a pleader that he is most skilful. He seems to know just what to say. He does not threaten. He uses no invective. He does, not paint a lurid hell-as a consequence of non-belief. Indeed, the word " hell" is not used once during the course of the sermon. And it has just occurred to Quiz that not once for the last seven Sundays has he heard hell mentioned. It has not even been politely referred to as "Gehenna." What has become of the hell of our youth ? Has another pet illusion died a natural'death? Has " hell" gone bung in the Christian vocabulary ? There is really nothing to cavil at in Mr. Robertson's address. A sceptic might sneer about accepting so much on mere faith, but he could not complain of the appeal to practise the teachings of Christianity. The discourse, which lasts 31 minutes, is of a pleasant character. It does not dwell upon the seamy side of human life ; it does not touch on human laws at all, or at all events only in a very indirect way. No; it is aimed at a comfortable, well-dressed congregation by a comfortable well dressed preacher. Laissez f aire / Is that Mr. Robertson's attitude with regard to the agitation of humanity for a betterment of social condition ? Does he wish to leave ill alone except when some sin indicated in the Scriptures is committed? Of does he think the starving can be satisfied with texts? His manner is so complacent that one is tempted to put these queries. The impression you get is that Mr; Robertson might speak out more strongly if he were in a smaller church and had a less wealthy congregation. He seems as he meanders along to be imposing a restraint upon his mental powers. It may be that the presence of the editor of the Register overawes him. To sum up—Is Mr. Robertson effective ? Yes, despite all affectation of manner. He is possibly a man who can make himself most agreeable, and being fond of a life of ease himself, enjoys seeing other people happy. But he would fret in a career which caused him to see much suffering. Misery would bore him. His sympathies are aristocratic. He likes to see carriages driven up to Stow Church. Broadcloth pleases him; fustian jars upon his aesthetic vision. If he ever troubles about the poor he probably heaves a sigh, and solaces himself with the knowledge that according to his reading of the Scriptures we shall always have the poor with us. He can't help them. They are not in his congregation. His congregation sing splendidly. The choir is good, but in Sunday's anthem the tenors were sharp or the sopranos were flat, or perhaps the rehearsal had not been sufficient. Brother Shakespeare, in front of his organ, looks like the cherub who sits up aloft to &c.;, &c.;, &c.; 