THE COCK-LAHE GHOST. No London ghost has enjoyed greater tame than the one -which "Walpole " went to hear " in 17C2. " "We set out from the opera, " he says, " changed our clothes at Northumberland House. The Duke of York, Lady Northumberland, Lady Mary Coke, Lady Hertford, and I, all in a hackney coach, drove to the spot. It rained in torrents; yet the Line was full of mob, and the houses full. "We could not get in. At last they discovered it was the Duke of York; and the company squeezed themselves into one another's pockets to muke room for us. The house, which is borrowed, and to which the ghost had adjourned, is wretchedly small and miserable. "When we opened the chamber, in which were 50 people with no light but one tallow candle atthe end, we tumbled over the bed of the child to whom the ghost comes. At the top of the room are Topes to dry clothes. I asked if we were to have rope-dancing between the aets. "We heard nothing. "We stayed till half-an-hohr after 1. Provisions are sent in like forage, and all the taverns and ale-houses in the neighborhood make fortunes." The pretence was that the spirit of a murdered woman appeared to a girl and by knocks and scratches answered questions. A hold promise that the ghost would knock on the coffin of the dead woman in the vault under the Church of St. John, Clerkenwell, was put to the test, but silence reigned. Prom that time the girl was more closely watched, and ultimately she was caught knocking and scratching upon a hoard concealed under her stays. The. gentleman charged with the murder instituted legal proceedings against all the parries concerned. A clergyman and tradesman paid several hundred pounds as damages. The girl, who bad no doubt been tortured by her parents, was sent to prison for six months; her mother undergoing a year's hard labor, and her father two years'. The last mentioned was also thrice placed in the pillory at the end of Cock-lane, hut the rabble sympathised with him, and raised a subscription for his benefit. 