AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY. A BOOT three years ago (says the Dubbo Despatch) Peter Stein, a hard-headed German, sold property he possessed to the Wagga Wagga district, and, with his family, came to Dubbo in search of land. He and his eon Jaoob took up two areas of 2560 nans each on the Coalbaggie. The selections are rather isolated. Jacob's is on the southern part of the run, and there wa», when it was taken up, an old but upon it. In this at first lived the family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two adult sons, two adult daughters, and five younger children. With the family a young man named Daley came into the district. Jacob determined to build on the site of the hut, while Peter commenced tbe erection of a commodious residence on his land, about three miles uway. The Steins were no sooner settled down-the father and family in their uew house, and Jaoob at his hut-than they heard at night strange voloes, loud cooeyings, and awfal screamlngs. Thinking that they proceeded from either belated travellers or (electors more merry than sensible, they took little notice of them. These sounds were only heard at intervals-a fortnight or three weeks intervening between their occurrence. They, however, took plac£ so regularly that the idea of noisy roysterers was given up. About 18 months ago there were further developments, and, according to the family, strange manifes tations. Tbe furniture in Peter Stein's house became as posscssod. It jumped about in all I directions, aud ou one occasion the crash of crockery was something decidedly extraordi nary and uncanny. Mrs. Stein was baking iu the kitohen one day, and after she had her I dough prepared to be placed in the oven an invisible hand caught it up and tossed it on the floor. These things iiavo kept on from then till now, but with the further develop ment that the person responsible-whether spirit of Heaven or goblin damned-has fre quently interviewed, and has had conversations with, the several members of the family. Evidently tbe presence is not of the regular type for it does not wait till the " witching hour when graveyards yawn and ghosts troop forth," but comvs along in broad daylight i and talks to the family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be' imagined. In reply to a question from j Peter Stein, the invisible visitor has said that1 his namo is George William Herbert, and that his mother, who was Annie, and his sister, who was called Julia, were burned to death on the South Balladoran run-that his father died in tbe Cootamundra hospital 18 years ago-that he (the speaker) had been hit npon the head and left for dead on the road-that he had been saved-and had subsisted on herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to shbw himself by the elder Stein he replied that ff he did those who saw him would faint, foe I they had never seen anything like bfm before. According to tbe StelnB-and all, from the father to the youngest child, tell the same unvarnished tale-the visiter sometimes speaks in a gruff manly voice and sometimes as soft as a woman- indeed it would be difficult ty distinguish his voice from a girl's. The dogs' about the place seem to know when its coming, for they bark furiously, and one particular dog goes nearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fortnight ago things reached a climax, and the invisible one performed all kindB of pranks. It cast tomahawks and knives about | with the grace of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, shafts and other articles of domestic | economy. One night, while the family were engaged reciting the Rosary - they are Roman Catholics, and retain the simple devotional habits of the Rhiueland - the table round which they knelt was sud denly lifted towards the ceiling and then ; allowed to come down with a heavy I thud. So annoying have been the manifesta tions that the young fellow who come from Wagga Wagga with the Steins has left the place. Anothermannamed Bowdcn, employed | by them, has also left, saying that if he were 5iven the selection he would not live there, 'lie whole thing is certainly mysterious, and, however the sceptical may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our informant states, the slightest doubt that every one of the family thoroughly believes what he tells, and each, from the youngest child to the father of the family, has the samo story to tell. Mrs. Stein, who iB an English lady, with no tendency to the superstitious, is as convinced as she is of her existence that the place is haunted A few days ago, at Peter Stein's re quest, the Very Rev, Father Byrne visited the selection, and though during the night and day he spent there he saw or heard nothing, ho investigated the uflair as far as possible, und in thoroughly satisfied that the Steins arc be lievers that they aro being annoyed by a power which can act materially, and talk like a man or woman, all tho time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and n searching inquiry should take place. News has been received that Princo Fer dinand, of Bulgaria, has restored order iu Sofia. A long debate on the now death duties pro posed hy the Chancellor of the Exchequer took place in tho House of Commons. Sir Richard wobBter, Mr. Qoschen, Sir John Lubbock, Mr. A. J. Balfour, anil others opposed the inclusion of property held in tho colonies by persons dying while dniniciled in Great Britain, but their protests were without effect. Sir William Harcourt insisted that it was only au act of justice to apply the duties to colonial property, since tho colonists taxed British goodB. CilKEBE-MAKcns, insist upon getting from your storekeeper Rarnekow's Ronnet und Annatto. It is the best.* 