CHAPTER III. WAS SHE A GHOST 1 It was strange that twice in one night I »aw the pretty little-nurse ghost of Ormond Hall. I had with great diplomacy, so I thought, inyeigled the Professor into a scientific argu ment, and long after the other men had de parted to their respective bedrooms we had sat in the snag smoke-room, talking and smoking. It was close on three o’clock in the morning when we lighted onr candles and wended our way up the grand staircase. “go yon do not believe in Ormond's family ghogt, Professor P” I said, in a subdued voioe, eg we climbed slowly up side by side. He laughed gently. " 1 did not say so, but I should like to see her.” We had reached the top, and I saw,jastas be spoke, advancing swiftly! towards us the little grey figure 1 had seen about eight hours previously. I grasped the Professor’s arm excitedly, and motioned towards her. With the utmost coolness he drew me gently on one side, so that Bhe could paBB us on her way downstairs, and even in my excitement I noticed a little smile playing round his lips. The flutter ing white apron almost touched me as she flitted past us, and my heart beat with ad ditional rapidity as 1 met the sorrowful, pleading dark eyes. She did not glance at ijie Professor, and I noticed after she had passed us that he had kept well in (he back ground, roy burly figure entirely hidjpg him. “ uimoud should not allow his pr.elty little ghost to wander about this time in iho morn ing,” he cried sarcastically, looking over my ehoulder; twelve o’olook is the proper time for a ghost’s constitutional.” There w.is a note in the Professor’s voice that jarred upon me, and I turned upon my feaejptyuply, ” What hv Ormond to do witn it?” I growled. He laughed again, and I parts! with him at- bis bedroom door some what coldly. My room was tno3ernly fitted up, contain ing every luxury and convenience, with not a shadow of anything ghostly or supernatural 1 abont it, I went straight . to my fire, poked it • savagely, and then sat down for half- an-. hour’s smoke and think, bsfore taming in. When I threw away the end of my. last cigarette and rose to my feet to prepare for bed, I said to myself with an audible chuckle: “ Ormond should have obtained a more appropriate uniform when he obtained his little ghost nurse. I wonder if the hospital nurses of a hundred years ago (if there were any) wore the same uniform, neat little caps and aprons included, as they do in this eminently practical age of onrs! Ah, Ormond, you are not half sharp enough for an old practitioner like my self." Still chuckling and feeling mightily pleased at my discovery, I went to bed and dreamed all night of pretty grey hospital nurses, noble-faced Professors, and weird ghost stories. The following day a shooting party was organised, and 1 was one of the number, We had a capital day’s sport, and it was not until the dusk was beginning to fall that we wended our weary steps homeward. • Either by chance or design, and I am tempted to think the latter, Beatrice Stanley’s husband attached himself to me, lighted his pipe at mine, and trudged on steadily by my Bide. I made one or two general remarks about the day’s sport, then lapsed into silence, too tired to exert my seif to talk to such a moody companion. Presently with extraordinary abruptness and irrevelance he said: i wouaer what- the old lunatic) has been up to to-<l*y!” I turned and surveyed him in ambzetntnt. “ Who?”I asked coldly. “Your Professor. I should like to know what outrage to society and the human race at large he is planning now. He has some thing in his wicked old head, I know. Some dynamite outrage or big poisoning case, or something.” •‘If you cannot speak tmthfully and re spectfully of one ot the greatest men of the age, you had better not speak of hmi at ali, ’ 1 said sternly. “ Now, look here, Martyn,” cried the little man energeiically, laying his band on my arm,” yen believe in this old fraud and 1 do not, that is the difference. He is a crazy, unscrupulous old viliain. 1 know more of him than you do, my boy ; 1 believe he would sell his soul, the old fool, in the ‘ interest of science,’ as he calls it.” "I think you should explain yosrself more fully, Stanley,” I said stiffly ; •* come, what have you against the Professor?’’ 1 wish X could ceil you, Martyn, but 1 dare not; 1 know only a little of his daik deeds and evil ways, Beatrice knows more and Ormond more still. 1 am only warning you, lad, don’t cultivate a wolf in sheep’s clothing loi a friend; be may turn roanl and bite yoa when you least expect it.” I made no reply, L was deeply annoyed and uneasy. Of course 1 did not believe what he had just said, but still the woras had been spoken and were destined to rankle in my heart; the seeds of doubt hai been sown and already the glamour that ha! en circled the Professor in my eyes was begin ning to fade. On reaching the Hall, I safely deposited my gun and trappings, an i leaving the rest smoking in the little smoke-room, mounted tee stairs to my room. 1 entered wearily and was making my way to war* s the nre piace when my eyes lighted upon a twistex oil of white note-paper lying on my dressing table. 1 took it np and looked at it curiously. It was addressed to " Dr. John Martyn ” in a pretty, ciear, feminine handwrilieg. I mine! it over and over, a presentiment ot iko truth gradually dawning upon me. 1 untwisted it and then read its contents with mingled feelings :! . ” You are a doctor and a gentleman, and I think yon wil 1 not refuse me yonradvice and help. Gan you meet me this evening in the West terrace at nine o’clock ? It is a matter cf lile and death (Signed) “ The Grey Nurse.” '' Here’s a now d’ye do I here’s a pretty ines» 1 ’ quo led I excitedly. Certainly, my pretty grey nurse, X will meet you with ihe greatest of pleasure. Surely 1 was born under a lucky Btar.” X bad not been in the ho.ise much over forty-eight houre and yet, here I was already looking eager.y forward to keeping au appointment with a sweetly pretty, mys terious little personage known as the “ grey nurse,” •• I wonder how she got to know my name and profession,” I mused; but 1 daresay she has Been me somewhere before. Good ness knows wbat institution sbe heloags to. Dear little thing ! fancy her picking me out ig help her 1” I was aroused from my pleasant and flatter ing mnsings by the dinner-bell, and ^hastened to change my shooting things for the orthodox dinner dress. '•1 woqder what she thinks of me}” I murmured complacently, as i tied my tie iu front of the glass, “ she must like me or she would not trust me.” I ate my dinner that evening almost without a word. My thoughts were too busy with the little grey nurse and her note, lying so snugly in my breast pocket, to talk even to the handsome, witty woman whom t ha! taken in to dinner. Sue tried perseveringiy to engag9 me into a conversation, but each time 1 answered so absently and absurdly that at last, with a charming shrug and pout, sbe gave it np. I give it up, doctor,” she said, •• it is about as difficult to make a pig talk as you to-night." X apologised hastily and humbly, and Beatrice Stanley took up the affair. “ A penny for your thoughts, Mr Martyn ; do they concern the pretty grey norae, pray?" 1 looked into her handsome sneering face and wondered dreamily why she hated me BO. “Your family ghost, do you mean,” I in quired ; “no, my thoughts j'ist then were with the living, not the dean.” ** What do you think of her now, Jack ?" asked Ormond, carelessly. “ Have you seen her ?” inquire! my fair companion, eagerly, and I felt a number d beautiful interested eyes instantly, fasten themselves npom my impassive countenance. “ Yes, 1 did, and so did the Professor,” I replied calmly, and the number of pretty eyes were at once removed from my face to that of the Professor. 1 was- very glad that Beatrices Stanley at that moment gave the signal to rise X wax sick of the dinner and the endless chatter, and 1 was anxious to get away ae boor as possible. This was not very soon, however. I ha! the greatest difficulty in getting out of a scien tific argument with the Professor, 1 managed by some means to wriggle out of it, and tc hand him over to Ormond, and when they were fairly in it I slipped quietly away.' 1 obtained an overcoat and cap from the cloak, xoom, and just as the hand of my watch wai on the figure nine, I closed the hall dooi after me and stepped out into the brighl frosty night. 