FOREIGN MISSIONS. PUBLIC MEaTINtr Itf PIRIK-STBEET Ctt BOH. A public meeting in connection with the Foreign Missions was huld in the Pine- street Wesleyan Uhuich on Tuesday eveuiug, May 15\. The attendance was large, and Sir John Uolton presided. Tho Kev. Dc. Brown, General Secretary of Foreign Miseions in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist (Jhurch, was the first* speaker. He was sure they would all regret the absence from tbe meeting of good old Bishop t.anf;hain, of Fiji. Tuo missionaries in Fiji were to be greatly sympathized with on account of the trying difficulties which met them, including the machinations of the Papal agents on the islands. (Applause.) Tbe Fiji Mission was trie grandest mission that God had given to any Church uuder heaven. Wtsen he was asked to speak of the Foreign Missions ho was reminded of his lifo in Samoa. (Applause.) They saw a lot about the Samoans in the newspaper cable messages. The kindest and most loving people he ever lived among ou God's earth were the Samoans. He referred to the successful mission in New Britain, and felt sure that neither Mr. Danks, Mr. Rooney, nor himself ever begrudged a single hour of the years they spent in New Britian, whither he led the first band of missionaries many years ago. It was a grand mission. He was also deeply grateful that he was sent out to organize the jSew Guinea Mission. A better equipped party never left any oountry for the iniesion fields than that party — seventy of them — who went from Sydney Hnrbour in 1891 in the Lord of the Isles. Was it not wonderful that already the Gospel of St. Mark translated by Mr. Fellows was on its way to the New Guinea people, the first Gospel that was ever translated in the dialects) of New Guinea under the missions of the Wesleyan Missionary Society. (Applause.) He as-ked sbem all to stand by this great Society, and to belp with their prayers and gifts. Above all, they wanted that every man and woman connected with the Churoh should feel some thing of the power and influence of this great mission work upon their home life. The Church that was not a missionary .Church was either dying or dead. G id forbid that the time ahould ever come when the Methodist Churches should lose their interest in the grand and clorious missions that God bad entrusted to their care. Ho was delighted with the efforts of the Ladies' Auxiliary Societies. (Applause.) The Rev. John Watsford, of Victoria, still a vigorous speaker notwithstanding his advanced age, said thirty-two years ago he delivered his first missionary address in South Australia on tbe platform of that Church. Of the many who were on the platform on that occasion — noble men in the Methodist Church— all were dead Eave himself and Mr. Quick. When he was a young man it was said the missionaries could not get into the heart of India and China, but bad not the missions in these and other aoun tries been attended with glorious results? This was his year of jubilee. (Applause.) Fifty years ajro ho was married and went to Fiji, being among as noble a band of men as ever went into a mission field. John Hunt was there, Richard Lythe, Thomas CalverC, and Thomas Williams, all grand men, were there (applause) ; there were fourteen of them altogether— seven men and seven women— and only two were now living, hip wife and himself. (Applause.) They laid the foundation?, and the noble bands of missionaries that followed built urjon their work and reaped the glorious harvest. He rpjoiced to see the victories in tbe mission fislds of Africa, China, India, and the ixles of the sea. They had a growing proof of the value of their missions. Bus there was much work yet to he done There were still 800 millions of their fellow-men in the darkness and misery of heathenism, S00 millions who were all redeemed and did not know it beoauBe they had not b6P,n told Christ's mes gage had not been given to them. Only those who had been in the mission fields knew what the darkness and misery of heathenism meant. The sins and miseries of these people were calling out for the missionaries. These people were fast parsing away, and soon would be gone, and those who had «mbraced Christianity were wondering why the missionaries did not go to the others. Missionaries should be sent in hundreds instead of in tens. A full baptism of the Holy Ghost upon ministers and people was what was really needed. They must not talk abmit impossibilities. The Church was never right until it began to fight the so- called impossibilities. (Applause.) A collection was made in aid of Foreign Miffiions. Tho Rev. A. J. Webb (President of the Queensland Wesleyan Conference, one time missionary in Fiji) regardt-d thin as the most irnpn'tant missionary meeting he had ever attended, the most important because it was the most representative. He felt it a great honour to be on the same platform with Mr. Watsford, whom he remem bared addressing him as a Sunday-school scholar in Parramatta yearB ago. Their Christian missions appealed to the heroio siHes of their nature, and also appealed to them became they developed tbe characters of the missionaries, bringing out all their latent powers, and thin development in turn bronttht out the characters of the natives amonsr whom they ministered. Instead of the horrid cannibalism and the terrible orgies witnessed in the days when Father Watsford was in Fiji, to-day there wero Christian Churches in every village in that land, and Christian schools, the sabbath-day ohaerved as it wns not observed in the** colonies, and the work of God carried on as gloriously an it was in any oolony of Australasia. The mission work in Fiji had been no sham, but of the greatest reality, it bad been a work of stern nep«, and had combnted the. mn«t gigantio fcrmsofsin. (ApplaiiBe.) Men of extraordi nary powers and eloquence as preachers had been raised amontr tbe natives as the result of the misMnns. The unconverted Fijian was cowardly, but he knew of nothing more noblo than the converted Fijian. Thn first invitation be got to a Circuit in Fiji was 'Send up your new missionary nnd we'll eat him.' (Laughter.) He did not accept the invitation, and though afterwards t^hey tried to eat him they did not succeed. Thn most glorious sight hn had ever witnessed was that of the light of unnssianisy m^aiim: away over inn muss or heathenism in Fiji, first over the villages nnd then over the whole tribes until the whole plaon was Christianized. TheRev. J.J. Lewis, of New Zealand, having enWizprl the work of the pioneer missionaries ofNewZwaland.snid Christianity had freed the Maoria from cannibalism, polygamy, slavery, and tribal warfare. Good relieioiiR work was still being done amone the remnsnti of the Maori'. The colony thnt was leading tho world in woman's snfFroee— (laughter)— would yet givo the world heroines in the, mission field*. (Applause.) If th« wealth of the Church were only consecrated to God they would never hear of retrench ment in connection with the expenditure on missions. He urcerl the Methodist ppoplo to bestir themselves in tbe mission cause, so that tho cospol micht be carried to the heathens of all Undo. (Applause.) The meeting was then closed with the benodiotion. 