HIS '.SECOND WIFir. chapter 4i.—(Continued) In spite of everything, the expression of poor Gelda’s fat. face, her. frequent gestures, and .rapid utterance, made Cecil smile. “ Well, I don’t know what is to be done,” he said, after a few moments’ .con sideration/ “I have never seen a ghost here myself, and you must be a very silly girl to believe in them. I am sure so superstitious a person would not be a fit companion for my little boy when he gets older, so perhaps it is as well after all that you should leave. Only I must insist upon it, Gelda, that you do not repeat this silly tale to your mistress; if I have a word more of it I shall be seriously displeased. I will make inquiries among the servants, and if I find out that a trick has been played upon you by any member of the household, be assured that they shall be instantly dis missed. I am only sorry now that you came over with us to England. Poor Gelda retired sobbing. Her sense of justice was some what hurt at her master’s cen sure, and she was truly attached to her little charge ; but super stitious terror had obtained such a hold on her that she felt only anxious to get away from a place where she had been so fearfully tried. When she had gone Mr. Fernleigh rang the bell. “Tell Mrs. Edwards 1 wish to see her at once.” In a few minutes the portlj form of the housekeeper ap peared at the door of the library. She looked anxiously at her master. To her he was still the boy she had nursed in former days, who had toddled after her all over the house, his; childish voice making music in' -her ears. As she had loved him then, so . she loved him now, with the devo tion of a life-time! “ Come in and shut the door,—Edwards ; I wanted to speak to you about' my son’s nurse, the Italian girl. Do you think it was quite wise to talk to her about the ghost, instead of attribu ting her fright to some mis chievous fellow servant play-" ing a trick upon her to scare her ? She is so dreadfully superstitious that I fear we shall have no peace while she remains in the house.” Poor Mrs. Edwards looked perplexed. “Well, you. see, Master Cecil” (she still called him so when talking to him alone), “ 1 did not know what to say, and in fact, sir, now you have mentioned it,” she continued,hesitatingly, “ I may make so bold as to say that I really don’t think we* shall be able to keepany of the servants. They all declare they won’t stop on account of the ghost, and I had hard work to pei suade them to remain till you and Mrs. Fernleigh was a bit settled like. I was afraid of her hearing of it, you see, sir, knowing how vexed you would be, and how difficult' it would be to explain to her.” Cecil sighed. “ No, she must not know it for worlds !” he said. “ I don’t know what is to be done, really,” he con tinued, wearily. “ I must not have the wretched affair known to any one but those who keep the secret with me. But these frequent appearances are get ting dreadful. Do you think, ■ Edwards, that Mrs. Moore is to blame ?” The housekeeper shook her head. “ It isn’t for me to say, Master Cecil, one way or the other, but this I know, that it is only when the house is shut up, and nobody but me and John about the place. I can’t understand it at all. If only poor Miss Myra hadn’t been so particular about its not being known,: nobody would 'have thought anything much about it, except perhaps' to pity you, sir!” Good, worthy Mrs. -Edwards looked, compassion ately at the white, troubled face of her master* and-sighed. Yes, if she had not made me promise to endure every thing, only to keep this secret, how much better it would have been for mo,'find,for ■ ■— The words, were half muttered to; himself, and he stopped abruptly. “ Well, Edwards, we must do the best we can, I suppose, iii this bad business,” he said, after a pause. “Keep up the idea of the ghost, if you think it best. As long as Mrs. Fernleigh does not hear of it, Ido not so much. mind. I could sometimes find it in my heart to wish I had remained away from -England alto gether !” “ Oh, don’t say that, Master Cecil. Think of your beauti ful home, and the fine property all going to rack and ruin for want of a master’s pi’esenceto see after it. And think, too, • of the.dear young lady,, y our - wife,who loves you so, and the sweet babe—bless his innoceut heart!” . The housekeeper spoke ernestly, tears in her eyes. Cecil’s face softened. • “ You are right, Edwards ; I ought to think of them, and I must try to be content. As I said before, we shall ha.ve to make the best of the bad busi ness. Pack those servants off at once, if you like, and get others from a distance. I must talk to Mrs. Moore again, and insist upon a stop being put to these frequent outbursts ; I afia sure they can be avoided. It- is lucky we can fix upon so convenient a scapegoat as the ghost.” Mrs. Edwards noticed the peculiar curl of Cecil’s lip as he uttered the last words, and her own took almost a smile as she curtseyed and with drew. Once more alone, Mr. Feru leigh covered his face with his hands, aud groaned aloud. “ Father in Heaven,” he prayed “help me to drive away the awful thoughts that force tkem sdlves.upon me in these, mo ' meats of gloom and despair! In mercy take from me the feeling of loathing and hate which I begin to feel towards the being whom I should love and cherish, yet who is to me jas the bane ot my happiness, the curse of my life 1” CHAPTER VI. :; Helen Carne’s wedding-day! Never, surely, did nature wear a gayer aspect. Without, the birds are carolling forth their glad songs of praise ; butter flies, bright with all the colors ofithe rainbow, flit hither and thither, rejoicing in their short lived existence, their wings gleaming and shimmering in the sunshine. ‘ W|jfchih. the sun’s rays shine down into the flower-decked chancel of the old village church of Syme, and upon the two who stand there before God’s altar to plight their troth in the sight ofiHeaven and before men. |A handsome couple—she so •s\|eet and fair in her costly bridal dress of gleaming satin, the long veil almost concealing the blushing face, he so strong arjd.fipble-looking in his man hood’s youth and beauty. Yes, truly, Robert Carne thought to ! hfinself, as he looked from this pair to where his elder daughter stood a little apart, by the side of her husband, truly he had done well by both fiis children. Few girls so fortunate as they, in their married life, would be, with wealth at their disposal, and husbands who would love them with a life-long devotion, if the. look on Cecil Fernleigh’s face, as he now and then glanced at his wife, and the words which (iame in tender accents—strong earnest and clear—from Arthur Heldon’s lips, as he repeated the solemn words of the mar riage service, spoke true. And he himself, what had he not gained ? Might, he not even now without Cecil Fernleigh V generous help, have been a friendless, -homeless wanderer, in a foreign latid ? *TO BE CoKTIKtJED.] 