Q?Ueensland Congrega tional Union. TRIRTY-THeaD ANIWAL sESSION. THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. Thethi'r-ythird annual sena'elo the Qnecns land Cungregatienal Union warn poued tu this 'Swn last night. At 6 o'o!ook the ministera and delegates (lady and gentleman) from the wasiens parts of the colony were entertained at a soil tea and accorded a welcome in nun of l?a lower apartments of the Boilding Society's \--rseess, sad a number of friends5 priacipally aiherents of the local Church, also attended. th?e refreshments. of which there warn a beouti. a.d appetleing sup~ply were provided by the tasiss of the nongregation. At the pohlio meeting in the church, which wormenced about half-past 7, there was a large audience. The Presaident of the Union (the Rev. L. C. Sawieeon, of Bcwen Bills) tseupisd the chair, end was supported by the Preidene-elect Iths Rev. N. Wilson, of Rock halmpton). ths Rev, iT. Davies (of B laohetone), and the Rev. P?. K. Pierce (of Soothpoet), nec ?etary. In the oseas near the pulpit were asssmhled the visiting ministers and delegates. Alftar devotionsa exercises, condocted by tho lie'. I. Davies. lead been engaged in, The Rev. IfosorPc Wabirm (pastor af the Chnrceh) roee, and said it had hone deputed tc bias to allude to the sorroetot cirootoetanon unider wheeb [they were meeting that night. -sTheir mudh,'loved and faithful treasurer (Mr. T'huma Martin) had been caille that day to hki sternal rqst. Aheot "5 o'clock he (the r. aber receieed a telegram which latimaled ?at Mr. Martin died 'that merning at 11"30. Hiews. sure that ta ll their hearts wculd,'glow vasfeervent sympathy to those who had been -,eretaved. In relation to their late brother who wees guns all was well t be lined is Christ anid had gcne to his rest. Dot .he was eaura Sissy wenlid all pjin is sympathy with the b?ereved ones. A latyr telegram stated that the feneral weold lake place the aext afteoncon. at4 efolock. They aould not toll who next migaht ha called, and It wornld not matter if ?the Soaked to Christ's love and trusted in Him. There was a solemn silence after this speec-?h, which was presently broken by a prayer offered by the' Revr. 3. Davies, Is which las also made refarance to the late Mr,. Martin. The retiring president (the Rev. L. C. Jamraocc) then said he bad a vary simple and yet important duty to petform. Re wan thera So lay deow the trusetommitsed to him twelve muatha ago, TaSken up in Brisbane, be bad curl-?ed ct hers to'Ipswich to lay it dlows that sight, and in doing so he would juat asseark that he was' nailed' to that position when the 'Union was nader the shadow 'of dark cloud. He was called to fill a breach -'sad it was h great breach-made by the ahsenco of ens who tad bean called to his Sacisur. That onee had dchs splendid work~ie She name of-Christ in this colony, and the s.peaker, on being called to fill this wide breech, Erdlt honestly that he ws. "one horn eut of due tie." And the shadow of the deek cloud sti-?llrented epon the members of the Unicn, tor ibey were then that night under very sidtiar circumstances. The man of their ?hoiee as ehairman. ahosen at their last meet. lugn had also been nalled away. Another had beuchosen to'41l his place. Tc.night they wedised more than aver the shadow of that olsud, and their hearts were filled with sorrow. r~homas Martin wan devoted In them es a decoetination-one who lahoured lonseason and eut of sas~on and did such work as woe not sees Jo theopen. He devoted a great deal of his wpoers and his lime and his splendid ability Sn their service for the lone of Christ. Be had been-called away that day. They expected thienpresenc with them ;he had gones to is¢ Sanicuc-. It wee always a solemn thing-this laying down of cur offices. It malge one feel' that, whatever we were here, "u diswhever work engaged, whatever might be Slaid upon us, whatever we took up, there undid, nome an hoer when we would lay it tow. -Alluding to the yaea doting 'whioth ho thadJIlled the position of pressident, he said they had dcne no great things bemause of the dsgereseion, hut had bean trying to hold their twO, and there ware linen In the history of. ?their denomination daring which it was a qsleodid thing in he able to. keep their held ?ad stand still, and hy-and-bye they would -se sheallvJ~iou of- Cod. Re trusted that~whst thbey -had passed through during the last year wouldiindeeelbe to them a means of grace. 'Wienuthin office was comseittcd~to him heisad ae (dea--whioh he still entnrtalued-lthat their lgseetivs' Ceouncil had erred in their jadg menmt, hot he could say to.nlght that in the &sieie; they had emadeaof hiscuccnsror they had growed themselves wise. They had there a hestleer~wio had hcrne the toorden and heat of teday~ffr be came from Rcckhampton). He bmee there were people from Rookhamptcn rohe aid it was not isna there, but here we had as Met ,that. it was rather warm, and he Sesaghtay brother who bed laboured there 1cr years keew smeathing about the heat of the day. 'They knew that he lead been chosen Ssfihtthispositionu; they weresed that iteshould byeu teen necessary. They had expected the pl~eadid preosnce that day of their departed Ibrother Mrn.,'Welstenholme, but the Lord had seen good ,(end Hle never erred3 to take him away. Hle trontei, howerer, that during their mealegsn they would have the preseuce af the" Master. Tleeywerre sorry that ikeyr had lost see wh- vat a tower of strength, a princes o tsaamureee. -"'J~en came and msn'weent,¶#eut Jesus Christ wase the same yesteeday, to.daje aud for ever:" cit gave him very4;neat plea. sam to be ahle~to4,ntroduoe to theasas their Chalrmna their, brother who was, so weji-kuown and as mass respected, and he knew that, as predslout.'b wogldoteel that the reepezaibility of'th office weighed upon him. 3nt~wen he Jkaev the frethrenu swell as he (abs ?tycakerl did, he would b~e bimbed with oooddence. Hie .4Mr. Jamiesaa tad skdiffereot feeling tonig~ht drom what he had toralv months age. etc was ,?'wih ear scsi tieretliog ha undertook the '--uty, hot wit Christian brethren one-could alwaysaecnut on ?kindly sympathies. W'bnre hespirit of Christ wap,-it always inspired and (eead and atrdothaemnejud he would tcepak? thsfey their brother, who was to oecoopy the _-choir of the Union. To,feim that would ?et olbsering and eneouragiso. He trnnted that during the incnminlg ,prenident's year nf oties theyv woold see great thiens aeccomplished. Ilt woonl nob always ha dank. Times of refresh.. lug they might lent for, and these, he trusted,' woslel come shortly, so thot they might ,be. abletoesy "The Lord hath done great things' foroesaherehy He has made us glad." Be: had now ueshbpleesarsin inle?oducinr to the dealt ci this U nione the 'Re. Mr. Wilecn. (Loud .eowlaune, which coontinnod whils Mr.. Wilsen and Mr. Janioea ahanged seats,.) ' Tha Laeodentan addrees wee then delivprad; by? the ev. B. WotSOov, as folloase: '5fBrethren and Priendc,--Moat heartily do I thank ncr Executive (or the vary high honour (thaytave nonferref on me in electing. maino the important office of President of the (7ogregadiouoi Uniou of Qeeeaslaud. "Wase K rend our worthy and esteemed secretary's letter informing ma of theapponin mneat I was gretoly surpnico, and .my Secst impulse was to decline the huouoe, not on daeneant of a wantaf desire to serres thotieiou, tnt from a feeling o?f ioeufloienuey hobt, after •u Araconaideratlces, I felt it weald ho both discourteous cod unkind to my brethren to, -vofuae an ehonour which they nuacisozaly a-d heartily wished tn hestow. "I[ regret exoasdiagly the circumotauoee which Mrs oseesitated the feoeticonof a Fnal d.eo?t fco this present session. •f ro tfer to the lanmeond deoth of nor \--_lt?ean and beloved brother. tito Roy. if. H,, Wncteuhelme. MA.?, who swoold, if he hod;' hessu spared, most worthily filled the position, "[at me say. however, that we moot._allI fed|, l am ease, that. in the doyturoor of Icir. Wnolstceeholm'e. thbe Church of which hoeteas ot~or, this Demo5, and, I moy alco say. lto, -lanse of 'Caogregationaliem in Qaoeenolaod. isane lost yn able and true friend, cod f~aithfol servant of 'JeSus Christ, '"iooing I have in tako the phoco of uaob 00 able brother, I? desire yoor sympothy cud indulgenon while It tste to discharge, to the heat of my utility, the isoportaut duties devolving upon me ce your Chairman. "The eubjeet opts whiob I" purpose to ad dreme you en 'Lensons from the Pentecoetal Church.' "The Pentecocstal Church ooieted in the poreet timee of Christioneity, end wee under the direot control end goidnuco of the Divine Spirit. "Its membership coneieted of only 120, men ?nd women. Yet it wee to that little bond of redeemed, but etill imperfect moo sod women. that the Lord Jeans Christ gove the grandont missioe ever given to mankind on earth. "To them he committed the greet work el conquering the world for Him, and filling it wvith thraGlory ol Gel, "Their subeeqoent history reveals the mar vclloue enucees of their mission. "We learn that, within the 'puce of thirty years after the death of Carts;? the Gospel had beeo carried so eli parts of the civifited, and to eo emall portion of the nuooiilised world. ' It had toee prescbed in the moot epleudid, pewerfol, and corrupt cities ;Chorohes were founded in Jeruoalem, Antiobh. Corinth, Epheoun, ]Phillipi, and at Rlome. The Gospel had spread en Arabta, Greece, Macedon., Italy, and Afrion. Within thirty yersesin overturned heathen allue,r, cloned pagen temples, trought under ile iefioence men of offie, rank, and pcwer. All this was socomplished by the instrementulity of conesrtod Jews, fishermen and Macatones, s' n analysing thewerly Peottoontal reoorde, w?e find that this all ?viotorious Church was merked by four oharecterieteor. I. It wus p living Church. It infused a new sud blessed life into eli who tame under its infioenoe. to attrnoted great mes~er of people to hear the tidings ef selvation, eand qoictened men and w?omen, in hundreds and thousends, from death onto life, and turned them from the power of Satan unto God. A dead or dying Church ?oeld not have thus nttraoted tbs multitudes, noud prodoced such extraordinary reeulte. Death repels, ife astreete. Where life is, there is growth and increase, There wan lifs in the pulpit. Tho preaehers were living men in vital union wills Jeeus Christ, the groat renervoir of spritumal life and power. They wore in possesnien of that something which energiees all a man's fuculties, and mutes him a centre of mugnetie attreetioe and infloenoe, Some time ago Professor Tyndall, in one of his afternoon leotunos at the R~oyal Institution on the "Older flsectricity," performed an intoreet lug experiment. fitneding on an insulated etool the professnr held in hisl left heed one end ef a cpper wire, the other end bieig attnohed to a gless rod which his assistant was holding and rsbbing with a coated eilk- rubbor. The eleetricity ereated by the friction penned along the wire into Professor TyoadlU's hody, and, when he tech a piece ef ice in his right hand and tcoched a ges horner, the electriecourrent, pasuing through the ice, ignited the gas. Bet the Ice did not tight the gun o it wue the elec tricityp passing through the foe which made it do no wonderful a thing. In some wey esala. goes to that were the early heralds of the Cross in a ponitico to roach, efi~tcively5 the bearte of ate people. The prenchers hod foith in their message ; faith in the Divinity of its souree ; feith in its power to save men, to eavs sil who, believed in end received the Savour Whom they preuched. They were able to bring enul noie tio ome to the hearts of their hourers not because of their elaborate arguments and eloquence, but because they wers able, with unfelteriog lips? to cea with oonfilenee. ' We know that the 6uin of God Is eome, and bath given us en understanding that we know Him that is true, end we are in Him that is true, even in His Son Jesus Christ.' Thoir spiritual Ile wee manifested eon only in their tenderness of beset, bat aleo in their yeerning solicitude: for the salvation of sinners, We have a stInk. ing example of these In the apostle Paul. 'Remember,' said tofun addressing the elders of the Epheeiau.Church, ' that I have by ito: opuoo of three years teased not to warn every. tue night and day with teare.' Snot longing for the salvation of souls was boned to be to. warded by a rich harvest of nocverseone, The priachers bed -aiee en attraoiive theme-ens? which went dirent to the deep-lying wante of*J buman nature. It was the Gospel nf the graee of God, or, as it tee been beautifully expressed, 'the store that bus transformed the world.' White it contained little .or nothing, perhepe, that was new to the hearers, yet snob was its pathos and power that, beuring it, they were touched and furood to err out 'lien ned brethren, what, shell we do?' Moo who bed despised the Saviour end mocked at His death pleaded for mercy. The crowds that gathered aroond the cjreaohsrs were moods up of the .poor, the broken in heart, the heavy-laden, weak and sinful, without God,. ned without hope in -the world. ltia not sarprising, then, to find that to sect the story of redeeming love wan gladi tidinge of grent joy. They heard bow that Christ died for all men, and diod for the nine of all mont; that to the ,believer in Him the put with Ito tine was gone, guon for ever. Sect tidings fllekd their hearts with hope and gladness. This is the Gospel peer sinful men, need to-days It ISe not inetnoction in, or ex hertation -pa, prghasanouess merely that mae matet requnres,. Bladen does not Ifs so mutt in his ignoranee as ineb?le morel and spiritual helplessness. line ieeds Divine help ; power that will-enable him 'to rebuild his broken snd ehatterad manhood. iHe~needs a oem and, seaqraiineg motive that will metke a Divine lif ~ipsolelh'tbls iss-meent evil world ; strongth t?tsewoeie'hshhenh ~nelz n beer the triale' aseiddsppeintmsets otfife, In a word, it is' life, a abundant iik, that men need moet,i nswIherever anerer-liviongaid preesent Savioure, Is eme?thed, Who Is nkle and willing to impart. asaebmeedfulbhslp and power', there will siunners he matroted ts hear, an~t the pslpin that snac?tO4 thps ,meet the wants of week, falen' hei~Muity has no true sad adequnte .Goepel ,/or mum. "fit wMs a wockluagseeclh. i~fe nle~avs maaifeehe itself in aelswstg. n'Jlhelaboursof-the nposteawwere mos~baqb dnut~ad uutlrioj.. Ia wanseeno found, fonwever,.thnt even apentles mudi week under humaunlieaitattioue. They could not attend to -all'abe-lueies devolving upon t~heq, bonus a dileision of labour beechess a necessity, To meet the increasing demandn of an oerg~rowing Church fellowship, the diaconate .yvas instituted. The importance atteohed to Oioh an inatitutien~may be inferred? from the deot that it was neeessesy to hare men poeesesing very high qoslificseions to fill tbe office. iThe desoeons were to be men ef honest roepor, toaving e good nemoasrong their Ifellow meibevem; faithful men, whecculd to trusted by ttwfr brethren, well spoken nf for everything thelmas praiseworthy. They were else tOtbe ameunfeI of the HofyOhosl. It? was not enouggh nhat Obey were to be honeet anod go~od men, hut they were to bs Loull of wTisdom. What a graedteltoversip the Penteconstl?h ureh muset have buitohcoble to enpply from it-aranke ,mooz pcneessingulc.k noble qualities. It-is not supyrising to learn that the formation of seta a diaeoose -maoz soon followed -by a rcglhd incneses of the Wee1 of God aed the mslti. plicotino ol disoigotet. Thus theChenrob wan inoceaed in oaefatoaee and power. The poor werecared for, the uifit attended to, and ?pro vesieom ade for the widow cod orphan€. Lt?now of neabrdng mere caloelited to make a strong. heetlhh, and eminently.?enoeeaful Chuc.h thhao a living~disoenate. As we are all mothers of Cherchbe here, it will nrtA be out of place. I_' prcnnfmed I 1 give yoo, -frees my own oxpeii. 1 enes, a-few practical iiceteatties of the h..lp. - fuloess of-c scud diamoantc, Iuo my youth IL, belonged to s Church whoich bud for its deacons moo who were endewed with moot pracliont ?cmon senses. JFoam them I learned whot an immense eervice the detoons of ai Cherob may he able to oendr to the aunse of" Christ. They7 were most hopeful to their! minister in all tIe undertaktnge. Thu bent acloemes and methods for ourrying en the work ofthe Churoh neacdr all erigiusted with them,, alteoegh the mfieitsr himself was a most shil fef osgonloer end wo~rker. aO ne tt of thel .a,so ways in whioh these good moo served the Master deserves qetial mention, aned in worthy of imitatIon by all who ore desirozsc of o.eleog scale woo for Chriot. (On Sunday th2ey eat to separote pews, While she service wee proceeding they were constunfly on the alert to ott'o anu olgee of epiritool ewuekeoieg thaIt I might be visible in any of ?he eosgregatieeL. If there were any whe seemed In he impressed by the sermon--there were impressions made in these days--they were kindly spoken te at the close of the seorice, end eneally ecoom panied bomeward by same of the deacons. On their journey the conversation was tarned, by sanctified teat, into obeenele which enturelly led them to speak of the things pertaining to \--ele~tion, In this simple manner many were led to tenet in the Saviour, and eltimately to join the Cenech. They also visited the members of the cangro gation regelarly, giving epec'al attention to the poor, the sick, and those were ant of lbs way. By their faithfal sod earnest lahoars, not a few bechslidere were restored, and many we.ak ones eone~oaged. Happy is the minister who is fortonate onoogh to have for his co w-orkers snob deacno.s nod blessed in that Chonroh whose dieconate is composed of moo s-piriteelly minded reoagh to monifeet inch deep concern for the conversion of eonie to G?od. To a Chorca with noah machrker feitie wonid he an cohesovn experience. We coght to remember, however, thet the best deacons are hot men at the beat. It is possible, some times, to expeot too mach from them. Even the apostles were enable to give satisfaction to eeveyone. Deacons need and deserve the sympethy and help of the Chorch. en their daties are ardanes nod often onplesetnt. It in no easy leek ton 'admonish ohs disorderly. enconrage the fciot-heartsd, sopport the west. be long-soffering to all,' and at she same time be faitbfal, tender, and mercifol. Boa ens dose oct need to be en ofiore-besrer thee to serve Christ. In the Penteoostet Choech everyone was not eqoally qualified to he a deacon, sltboogh all cad been haptised with the Holy Ghost. Bat alt being in poeseesion cf spiritoat life were quaalfied for service accord. ing to their several ability. Every Christines shoold be a worker in the Lord's vinoyard. Each neamber ei a Church is under as moch obligation to do something for ohs adeanoement of Christ's kingdom so the minister or deacon. (Appisoss.) ' If one died for all, than were all dead, and that He died lee sili that they who live should not henceforth live onto themselves, hot onto E~lm Who died for them, and rose again.' No ens need go entside ef ohs Charch to find a suitabie sphere of work for Christ. 'Within it there is eomething for everyone to do, even for the man with hot one talent. It may seem a little thing to give a hymn-book to a stranger 00 entering a eherob, hoc sach a simple act hen been she means ef chenging the cerrent of a homan life. I remember howthe members ef the Churoh to which I have.previoucty referred endeavoorad to salve the problem cf hoew to reach the non' cherchceoers. Their plan wee a novel, hot wondetefully ueonoenlat ens. This wan the way in which they proceeded :-Abont hslf.an-heor boforethe esoal service nommenced no Sonday, a number of workers went forth to the atreec, eseb hare a comber of trance. When shoot 200 yards from the chureh, they commenced operatione by offeringsn tract to a passer-by0 at the same lime kindly inviting the person to the esrerice. In this way each worker useully sec seeded in crioging cnn or two persons to choreh every .Sonday. Ose man who was the, breoght in was not only saved from the dis sipated life ho was leading, hat alec became a doscon of the Church, and nltimately a mis. sirnary'ef thn C]ross. If ear Choreh members would only manifeet each a practical interete in the gatherisegin of non-chnreh-goescs we hehoid, ens long. son great increase in nor con' gations. "3. Li mac a liberal Chornh. By them lhs financiat difflculty wan prantically solved. The 'fonds ware always i n afionrishing condition. Although possessing alt cndedfu spiritual poweri laor srerics these early Christians did sot deem themselves lodepnonenl ef psouniary help in their work. The temporsi affairs of the Charch rcnived their meet earnest atton' tics, and their liberal enontsihtions to the fends were strikieg proofs of their belief in the power and otility of money in the ferther anna of Christ's canoe. Their great liberatity., however, woe not, as seine have supposed, the rasult of 'undoe excitement, hot 111e reatra product ci intense spiritnatity and the dae recognition ofthe rights of men? to Chrietian brotherhood and the rights of the weak in the pessesfsions of 'the strong. Meat freely end nogrudgingly, thernfore, did many of them evih their property and lay the proceeds at the apostles' feet in ceder to meet the neossoities of the Chuoe. They acted freely and. poen' taneonsly. They were set commanded cr nrged by the apostles to nontribute in snob an extraordicary manner. They gave deliberately, and from prinoipie. The idea of self.sacritioe never entered their minds. They bed given themnelves to the Lord, sod5 therefore, aeknow ;ledged that alt their ponsessions belonged to Him. The nrin pewerfel motive by which they were moved was gratitude to Him who hsd loved them and gave Himself for them, Sand had became .prer that they, throegh His poverty, might become eternally rich. tech striking liberality mont have contriheted, in no smell degree, to the rapid spread and pro. green of Christianity .which took plene in thOer early days. If our modern Chorohes, with their improved 'facilities for extension, were only permoaled with the Pentecostal spirit of' giving, we sboeld eve great things done for* God in thn world. How many of our Churehee, to-day, era eriw~led and hampered in their nndsrtskings for 'anst of means. Yet some gotod men tell as God is nnb dependentnupon money for thn sstablisesmnt ?f His ?ingdom en the enrth. Eat stink soon seemrto forget that, although God nen work indep?endently of. any means, yet Ks hue void: toleava homan salvation to be prosecuted by homes agency. Thie, droubtese, is e great mysteryir bet it in neverthelees tren. Is','in lbs extenton ef His K4?'ingdom, Christ haseasee fit 'to int ue uozf the talests, genisea. Isernieg, 'nd infoence of men, why shoald'Hs not alsoe sue Ibeir"gold and silver ? Even tools ave iwpbrtcnt factors in any great week, While Christ erected the Gospel. whieh, is the powver 'ef U.3 ento sal. vetion to cli wire beliosvg yet~e'sls"slrfn tn Hi. people the work of huildinig cud lornishing ninnohebe and hails in which to p3reach that Gospel. He ceminmltted His tenth ento faithfnl men, shot /se left with His IGhoreh the responaihilil of raising the necessary means fee sea~tering it broad seat .over the world, d~t has yet in ho prored that any Lord somitnited a eluendo- in thee •laring His sense in' homan heads, instead of obsoletely retairilti it in His oc'.. The steeoteootcl Chorch hgew shown by their faith and oval that their Master made me mistaken,? far an they weresconoersed, when He comemitted to them tlbs work of mekiaz known 'His tenth to men, Jilt now remains with the-'Chrietian Choeshee of to-day to) demonstraet to the world, byalmilar faith and'i ceal, thetUhrint hen not greeted them in vain with the proregxatien of His Gaspel. But net1 ontil Clarisnitan people aknhowledge thet Christ's ceaue has as strong claims en their money aneon their time, energy. and personal' efforts will they prvoe thessel.ves worihy to he re-workers with Christ in the r'egeneration of the week!, ?'e' soght ever ton realise thai •ceotribatting to the support of thbe Gospel is rendering real .service to God, sualki an moch an evidence of to-ie spiriteclity as is the sore else of faith and prayer. If Ibis spirit ef giving prevailed iJt would solve the Loanoial diffluoty, wkieh in nzoatinoally horsoieg ted perplexaing ear modern Cherchee, and dricieg them to the one of qeuestionable expedience for vztrbotirg money from the pockets of cnwill irog people. (Applause.) "4. It was a preyingchoroh. N?o Chorch qan enist end prosper without prayenr. Spiritual life is inseparol~y connected with prayert. It was as natonat for those early Christians to prey as to eat mud drink. They lived 4dy prayer, they brenthad Its atmosphere. Their 4pcaysr-oaeetiaes were newer deli. They erpevisooned no diffloelty in making their meetinge both lively cod intetesting. The fiest prayer-meeting of lbs Penieeentnl Chureh wee the mast remarkable se ever- hold, and is] a esoefof Lee alt time. The whole Ohenrch, men' and women, were present, sad all cams to pray. They were ef one ancord isn ose place. No dissensions casrred their perfect cusity. There wmas great variety ot nfecraetercant din. poeition. They differed from ens another i knowledge and experinooe, but they were one ,o spirit, purpose, and desire, Theyr preyed in faith. They needed no proof that God woulid ashwer prayer. Nothing ocould ahake their confidence in God's ability and williegnese tongrant threr petitions. For ten dapa they c?atinoed in narnest nod believing prayer for cue thing. Their faith was rewarded by the pouring cot of the greatest blessing aver vonchsaled to men. Their requests wore always reasonhbie. They never caked any thbing that wan not urgently required, and in anoie way related to the Lord's work. eahenever they bound themselees in preening difflooutive and Oriole they iovariahly sooght refuge In prayer. When the apostle Peter was cast into prison, the Choroh, ioatoad of ap, pooling to the Low Coorto in order to teat the legality of his apprehension, instinctively went t?o their knees and pleaded with Heaven for his release. With intense earnestness they took hold of God, and, Jaoeo-ltkeh woutd net let Him go till He granted thoir petition. They prayed for bolp, ae men pray for life on t.he deok of a sinking ship. Heaven heard their prayer, nod woo moved to send an angel down to their assistnece. The prietn doore were opened and Peter woe led forth, and wee soon standing in the soidet of tho faithfnl, praying hand of disciples, a free man. Thus we are taught the prattiesi lesson that nisted, enreest and beliecieg prayer is the meat power fat forte that can he ecercisad by the Churob. Thin power is as needfol to-day as it was in the early daye of Christianity. The require ments of the Chureh are the aims now as then. There is nothing in nor modern olercumstancee, msthods, and machinesy that con make no in-, dependent ef pruner. No Chorch can afford to neolect it. The Church of Christ is a spiritual inatitution, its work is oplritoal work, and it will he sooceesfol jest in proportion as it employs the power oI prayer. Christ has not ehanged His condition of eon. ferring spiritnal power opon His servante, If they are to presoh and work effectively, they moot pray. The strength of the Chuectn still liee in its praying men and women. Rot do w?e believe in the eoffuey ef prayer? We boliece in it theoretinally, hot I am afraid preotiontly we do not, on nor poayor'moeeingo would he better attended than they are at preoeot and with different reenits. We need also the Pentetoetal spirit of onity to keep os fete from alt dissenstons and strifes, and flit as w:ith the love of peace and concord. Toe senrt cf God cannot abide with a disnordant C'hureb. Union is strength. Disunien weakens. A whole Churoh on thoir korea, w'ith ooe heart, and one mind, praying for one 'hing, ran never be denied their reqeeso by R "im Who sacid 'Whatsoever ye shall ask in Mdy nmew, that wilt I do, that the Father may be glor:Sied in tine Son. If ye shall aek any ?taing in my name I will do it.' "Thank God, the Church to~day is not lathing in talent, culture, and skilful organisa tins but sorely these cannot eompeosate for thu want of that power whioh enabled the early Cborch to do great things for God and humanity. "The condition of one Chueches to-day may be aptly illustrated by the following quotatiun from Artheras Toenge of Firs:': \--Soppoese we saw an army sitting down before a granite fort, and they told as they intended to batter it down,: we might ask them ' How?' They point to a cannoo-ball. Well, but there is no power in that; it ia heavy, perhaps a huedred.weightt if all the men in the army hurled it agaitst the feet they wounle make no impeesoio., They say ' Not hobt look at the cannon,' Well, there in eno power in tht,.. A etild may ride apon it, a bird moy perch in its mouth, it is a machine and nothing more. 'Soet look at the powder.' Welt, there is no power in that o e child may spill it, a apan-.ow may pooh it. Yet this powerless powder and cowerless boll are put in the powerlees cannon ;one spark of flree entaer it1; and then in the twinkling Of an eye th'et powder inn ?flash of lightning, and thot ball a thundoerolt, which smiles as if it had been sent from 'heaven. So ie it with one Church mathinery at thia day. We have all the totteoments neceessary toe polling down strongholds ; and 0 fee the baptism of fire. "Our message then to the Church is pray t. pray anitedly, pray earoestly, pray bolievingly, pray on tilt endoed with power from en high. "Then, In the eoistence efa• living, workieg, liberal and praying Chureh, there will ho pee-. nseted to the worid the meet powerful moral argoment for tho troth of Christianity that' has ever been advanced." (Lond applanne.) A hymn having been song, the preoident: pronoonood the benedietion, A tommunion service, to whieb all Christians weee invited, was then held, and nearly the whole of th{? coogreganiou partook of the satra meat. Tho R~ev. 5. It. Jamos delivered an appropriate address on the Sateament of the Lord'e flopper, pointing out that this was one of the meet eolemn, eacred, and, at the same time, joyons o d inonees of tho Christian Chnroh0 and etatiog that it shonld remiod os of the great event in she world"s history, when Christ said, "This do in remembranco of Me." What did He mesan? Did he want us to re member His beautiful ohareoter, His miracles. those touoths of life strange and eluqoquno? 1N', he (the spenkeri did not think so. What he wanted no to remember was the agony of the Gordon of tiethsemane, the sufferisgs en Crcoe-, They should not forget ihat Jesus Christ was present with them, and lbs heautifol idea that they were guests at His tab's, T'he ciream stancss uneor whtoh the Lord's Supper was par taken offer the first time were mentioned, and other thoughts suggested by the feast given utteranee to. In his conceuding remarha he relerred to the death of Mr. Martin, who Was now away from them hsb wan at the Heuwenly Father's tobls, A good man, foil ef the lidly Ghost, Woe Trhomas Martin. The deathseof the IRove. 3. T. Warriker and J. H., ?.olstenhelme eiooo the ministers and deleratei bad lant met at thiat table worn ?soa mentioned. He (the speaker) felt now as if their uspirite were hovering aboot that congee. garbon, and shiokingibhat ohe time woold cume when they alan woald be with them at the Fotheer'o table in the heavenly mansiop above. Bat lnk these remai6i?j?ut lost heart, Thoogh the workers had gene, the work wasatill to ha done. Let them work antil the night, when no one woold work. Here they were renewing their fellowship with ous another and Jesns Christ, anid?rioking deep draughts of His late. He trusted hhat that would enable them to go away with higher aepirecions than they come with, with deqper spiritoal life0 with greater eonsecrotios to God's seevice I That was hie prayer, and he hoped that that wonld ho the prayer of each one present that craning. In aisking a blessieg en the eacred emblemo*n the Her. W. 2?', Toung also alloded to the deaths which hadoeoorred among the ministry. The aaorument wus then administered, after whioh the oerrioo terminated. During the erening the seceetory (the Rev. V*. E. Peerce) anoorneod the ceder of meetings for the following d!ay. At 0130 s.m. to-day there is to be a minting for prover and thanks g~ring, and a haoielos scieeon from 10 a~m, tilt I gim., at whith boor luneheon will he par. taken of. Afterwardo, at 3 p.m., comes abs aimo¢at meeting of the ladiea' auxiliary, London Missionaey Society at 4'30, end at night the young psepln'i meeting. On Wednesday, the loan~eues session wail be reasmed in the morning, in the afternoot there will he a con feresee, and at night a poblic wanting no bohalf it ho~me aod foreign missions, 