MUSIC AH» DRAMA Her Majesty's Theatre. Shakespeare's grand tragedy, 'Julius Caasar,' was revived, after an interval of five years, on Saturday hist at Her Majesty's Theatre. The date, October 13, was announced on the programme as the birthday of Ms. George Rignold, a fact which added a certain significance to the event, and is, moreover, one closely connected with the events in the play selected. The Ides of March, 44 B.C., were fatal to Caesar ; but it was not till the middle of October, 42 B.C., that Brutus and Caesius met death at Philippi, Since that time there have been several notable events to keep the season in remembrance. William the Conqueror and his Norman army spent the night of 13th October, 1066, in prayer, preparing for the victory of Hastings on the following dav. In 1804 Nelson was watching ? for that fleet which, in October, he defeated at Trafalgar. Nine' years later (October 15) saw the beginning of Leipuic's three-days' battle, which broke the power of Napoleon. On October 15, 1654, the year's siege of Sevastopol began, to see, 10 days later, the memorable charge at Balaklava ; and on 15th October, 1870, William I. -of Germany followed the victories of Gravelotte and Sedan by occupying the palace at Versailles. Thus, in the pauses between the iive acts in which ' the lofty scene ' was acted over there was plenty of time to muse, not only on the deeds of that knot of men 'that gave their country liberty,' but upon other stirring times when the boldest and best hearts of men had fought on diverfl*grounds ^or liberty. Mr. George Rignold had surrounded himself with many who had so ably sup ported him in the first production. The mounting was in all respects artistic, appropriate, and grandly real istic. The entrance of Caasar and Calpumia, with the procession of imperial grandeur and the hush of thetrumpets and other instruments of music whilst £he conqueror of the world speaks, is an imposing spec tacle, and was loudly applauded. Miss Agnes Bristow as the wife of Caesar was carried in a gorge ous canopied couch borne on the shoulders of dusky Blaves from Africa, whilst drls fanned the soft air on either side, halting whilst Oaesar (Mr. Charles Hall) communed with Antony, his purple robe Tichly em-: broidered, and the laurel wreath disposed to kide the scant locks. Mr. George Rignold is a splendid Mark Antony, and his delivery of the great' speeches in the. Senate and Forum was admirable. Thepower of the great leaders— Brutus, 'the noblest' JRonian of them all,' and Antony — is magnificently shown as 'by turns they address the mob; Mr. J. F.Catheartinlly bears out the charac ter that history and Shakespeare have given to Bru tus.' Too great and pure himself to think that he could be a tool of others, he does not realise how Cassius, the stronger will, really rules him. His duty to bis country, the heritage of his great name, and the prestige it carries are so skilfully employed, and the conspirators so adroitly play into his hands, that the most guileless of all becomes the leader, and is truly driven to the deed, not that he 'loves Gaasar less,' but that he loved and valued Rome more. The distress of Portia, the loved and honour able wife of Brutus, ib well represented by Miss Kate Bishop. In their private lives Caesar and Brutus were strangely different The former was iour times married— two of his wives he divorced— and his gal lantry was notorious. The daughter of Cato com manded and deserved the loyal devotion of her hus band (Brutus), and, giving the same, what wonder that the news of the conspiracy makes it hard for her to keep counsel. How readily she invents a reason for her anxiety, and how keenly she shares in his troubles, -are shown by her -going 'distract' and dying when «vU tidings of her absent love were sent her. The Caserns of Mr. ficot-Inglis was exceedingly fine. His appearance admirably «uits the description, the tall slight figure, the finely-cut profile, the fervid utterance all harmonise, his management of Brutus turning Me greatest virtues to instruments aiding the intrigue; the mysterious thronging and the gather ing in the Senate House all showed how. skilfully all means had been used. Cassius alone would not have spared Antony. In s theatrical sense the [magnifi- cent climax comes too soon ; the meridian is reached with the oration of Antony and its effect upon the people. The two last acts Berve to show the great ness of Brutus and Cassias, and the' development of the cause they ' undertook. The reaction from their triumph at the fall of Caaar too soon sets in, and vafter the great speech of Antony and the will of Caasar they are forced to fight. It is £heir conduct of this great enterprise, their devotion to their -sense of rrght, and their resolve, failing their power to take the tide at its flood, to die, which give vitality to the close. The -rushing «f the.. - soldiers, the per turbed spirit of Cassar lianntang Brutus— these are but transient flashes from the struggle, and when in death each acknowledges that in his fallOsesar is revenged poetic justice is satisfied, and Antony's peroration fitly sums up the story. Mr. Stirling Whyte, Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan, and their companions made the most of their parta, as also did Mr. Toteao as a -citizen. The representation gains much irom the grand character of the music composed by- Signer Saxon.' The processional march u excellent, and the song for Lucius, an artistic setting «f t'_Ch?-beus with &is; T-nta.' vas sracefuUv sane by Miss Lena Lovedar. The tableaux of tits Dattle-nela' and the appearance of the ghost were alike well managed, and the re vival adds a well-deserved triumph to Mr. Bigao M'« many artistic achievements. Mr. Macdonatd, un fortunately, is again ill, and was -prevented from being in his place toxeceive the vice- regal party. 