A FLASH OF SUMMER: ,' "an episode BY Miss. «vV. K. CLIFFORD. (Continued from Last Saturday.) Ciiaiteti XXI. . Another fortnight, nearly three weeks, and then Katherine ant in her little room at Laigucglia writing letters She felt as if she , would never get through them for she stopped so many times to gather courage , | every word seemed to be torn onto! her heart and life J The first one was to Mrs Alford ' Jim told me that you were very angry), it ran and I could tell that it was so from the letter ) on sent me his love he comes but ) you said in that letter and he reported it that you wished me to do to you if I did what you and he considered to be right and this I am going to do dear Mummy I know him starts on tin Jbtli a week to morrow, and on that day I shall leave, Luigueghu and journey along) towards anglin! slowly, from) feet will have to be drugged one after the other, even though they are taking me to join at Chilworth I will write to my uncle by this post as you wished, telling him every thing that I have done and giving him your ad dress, and saying that he will find me there. I will write to Mr Belcher too, telling him that I am coming, and that Uncle Robert will knowing whereabouts How, will )OUforgive me everything, dearest Mummy' though I fear I no not do it so much for love of what is right as for love of Jim and you But just as I have learnt to see that of one or another is born so perhaps not one good deed, and that your kindness to me, and of one thing that is divine-for surely love that is strong and pure in divine-good inn) he bom ' How ever terrible it is to do I know that what I am doing is night though it seems to me as it the wrong would have been better since it would have made for happiness But this again, is only one of the tangles we cannot understand, and I know that we should steer towards the light, though we lose everything we care for meat on the way I know, too that I would give thankfully and joyfully any hopes of happiness that might be mine, or even my life itself, for love of him and you, and I give you this deed in token of it "I shall be with you on Monday night, dear Mummy and will tell Uncle Robert so Perhaps he will not come to me till 'Tuesday), and then I shall have that little time alone with you and you will make me strong to curious all lines , "and I will love you and try to comfort you a little because Jim is with You no longer Let me send my) love to lum-forlo«.cof him line only led me to do what is right dear Mummy), and I do not think that Heaven would grudge it to me kill him that I shall start on my journey towards jun on Friday, the -hills, the same day that he will start on his own) from) you -Your loving IvAiiiri all. Then there came the lougcxplanntor) letter to her Uncle Robert, and one to Mrs Oswell telling herself that she had done, and begging that she might find a line awaiting her when she arrived at Chilworth And then she wrote a little note to Susan, apologising,; for all the trouble she had caused her, and hoping that some day they might meet again Last of all there was the letter to her husband it was more difficult than any other to write ' You never cared for me," she said, " but I do not wonder, for I was so much younger than you, and knew so little , I always felt in yours)- and I was But I was not fair to you, and did wrong when I took my fate altogether into my own hands and I beg you to forgive me and to let me live quietly away from you, so theatres do not remember anything about me to vex you It is no use pretending that I care for you or could be happy with you, for that, would be untrue, but I will leave everything ju Uncle Robert's hands, he will tell you where I am and decide what m beat to be done She went out while her strength lasted and posts The letters feeling ill while had existed her death sentence, Jixl was going to follow it to the place of execution She walked back along the Birds and picked up a Venus s slipped, and having looked at it wonderingly threw it into the sea She remembered the orifice garden behind the hotel, and went back towards it, and up a mountain pathway for half a mile, and looked at the sea and the bay and the island, and the mountain chain right and left of her, soon she would have seen them all for the last time She gathered some Burma roses, and went up higher There was a little ruined chapel de heated to the Virgin She sat down and leant her head against its wall she was a woman and suffered, and it comforts me to sit here she said to herself " If only I could 1 in krstand things better' Why should so many) women have prayed and wept out their hearts to the Virgin if she cannot hour or help them and it she can, why is the knowledge of it denied to so many) others' It seems sometimes as if we were all hopelessly blind and deaf or as it there were some strange senses in us tied down and unable to explain the things that are or are not It inn t to be wondered at if most of us go at me If I wanted to make in) self more miserable still, it would be easy enough to sit iiiidtliinU that love and pain and death and the way he worlds best) are the only thing! that rea 11) are bright) morning - the twenty) sixth him and she was going to leave Latguegliu in the 30 o'clock tram Jim would not start from Chilwouh till the afternoon, for she remem- here 1 hearing him say that the Indian mail started late She had never travelled very far done by hand before, but what did it matter if Supposed she were killed it would not be worse than going back to Mr 1 letter She had miscalculated the time the journey would take what she wrote her letters she might have stayed at Laiguegliu till Saturday) night or Sunday) morn ing and yet been in time to get to Mrs Alford's by Monday night but Linville, and that she would start on Friday, site could not be in a; heat it to depart- from a work that she had written So she stood pile! ed as I read of the little station The latter woman with whom she had lodged Chime 11 Bee liver oil and 1 maid her and i, ave her a li lines of i comes as a parting gift and Kalin On the 11th r heart would break when she heard her last ' date Signed ' as the turn move 1 oil She saw her own little window from the train window to which she had held up the light as he went I) with an answering Hush here she tried to keep down all thoughts of him and of that night by the sue It must be forgotten everything must be forgotten except that for me but alas like, and not the Munro!) a as in r Stuart knew well she was going to do this Hiidihst, hardest thing,; on earth I lie train went on in the sunshine between the name and an I the landscape yellow walls armies on the one time and the blue her oh still alive She li skid Iron Side t) she wondtiiniJi und it set med us is every moment the earth grew more beneficial but she was telegram) from it I eat all the little nil days with the happy person via in them and the short and the churches and the at the town with the son in the shape of a cross pubt Sun lemon with its lit bottle and air of fashion 1 list lies in him with its palm trees, and on to a intiintiJin thin like a dream woman, She got me to claim our to the French side, wondering if it could be really true that she was awoke taken.; this journey alone and in order to give herself up to Mr Belcher 1 minister of wild riding came into her head he also searched along Site thought of 1 Itham 1 nature and the meat, and the ernie standing on one It g I crimes it remain hered Anne Boleyn and knew how she left on her way to towelling blue thirtieth of Copvrleiit 1104 1 v Mrs VV Iv Clifford Tho rich of l in lifting this work throughout the e for Its of Au ara) Isis has been purchased by (lis proprietor of the Ai jun \--and Alice Alford's joke about Anne dancing with her head in her pocket in the palace of Eltham. There was a gallery at one end in which the musicians had sat, never dream- ing that perhaps some day their ghosts would come back and sit there playing music that had no sound in it, to an empty hall turned into a barn. Katherine fast as if she were going through life with her head in her pocket. Who knows ? She might dance or laugh-what did it matter 1 All the time she would be a new., woman. And then she laughed out bitterly, and broke down and cried, out told herself for the thousandth time that nothing would matter more, her life had come to an end, and she was going back to' Mr. Belcher for an eternity. She slept at Marseilles, a long, dreamless sleep, a stranger in a strange land and a big hotel, and wondered in the morning what to do next, for she had too much time on her hands. It would have been far better to rush the journey through. Finally, she decided to stay all day at Marseilles ; but she had no heart to walk about. She was a prisoner going back to gaol, and had no business to behave like a free woman. So Saturday passed. Jim was in the train ; she was not sure of his route, but she imagined that he must be somewhere in the middle of France. It was something to be in the same land with him. " Good-bye," she said to herself ; " I am doing this for you and you know it by this time. Good-bye." She left Marseilles that night and travelled through to Paris, and stayed another long day in an hotel, seeing nothing of the city to which she had come. What a strange thing it was to be there and not to move a step oat word I But she was a prisoner, she told herself again, and had no more right than she had heart to go u-pleosuriuz. She ' meant to start at night against seemed easier to travel in the (dark, for then she could not see the distance lessening between her and her doom. Hut on the way to Calais she shook off her depression, and felt her courage come back. After all Mr. Belcher was certain to consent to separation. Had he not told her that he liked somebody else better? Oh, how terrible it was to remember that, and to think of poor Miss Bennett dying happily because she imagined that Jim's money had come from the man who had ruined her life. It was this lost knowledge that added a touch of horror to her thoughts of Mr. Belcher. But Miss Bennett was at rest, poor soul, and as for her-for Katherine -she felt that Uncle Robert would manage things, and would not be. so cruel as to let her go back to jeers and blows and now that there was probably no prospect of any money Mr. Belcher would not desire it. She reached Charing Cross in the early morning, and still her courage held by her. After all she was going to the Mummy that day to see Jim's home, to hear how he had set forth, and whether he had left a message j for her perhaps he had written her just a word to wish her a last good-bye. But there was another long day to get through first. She felt shy of going to Chilworth before the evening ; the Mummy would not expect her, and might have other visitors. Then * suddenly the idea struck' her that she' would go to KIL haul ; the crane was gone Ion. years ago ; but there was the palace and the meat, and the way through the church and across the cornfield to the woods that led to Shooters' Hill. So she walked through the quaint old place that day and stood before the palace, and saw the boat, and the little bridge, and the gnarled trees that looked as if centuries had posted since they were saplings. Then she went on to the church and suddenly the bells rang out a peal. Two people were being married ; she wondered if they loved each other, and whether they thought it all a joke, and marriage n pastime that did not need much thinking about before they entered upon it, and, above all, if they were taking each other of their own free will or because they had been talked and persuaded into it. She went across the cornfields, brown and bare in the winter sunshine, and over the stile to the woods. A wooden hpiirdhux had been put up on one side of them. Someone had enclosed half the ground. What' did it matter. Perhaps she would never see them again. She trod' the dead leaves under foot and looked up through the brown boughs and twigs at the winter sky. There were hips and blackberry briars trailing on either side the path- way with scarce a leaf upon them ; ft holly, bush looked green and sturdy, and a thrush flew overhead, giving out a sweet, fresh note ; a little robin hopped along the ground as though it were a bird of fowler degree. She sat down on a tree that had been felled, and spent a whole two hours thinking, till a clock in the distance struck a, It was time to go. She was afraid to go out of the wood by Sevenidroog Tower, for it was there that Mr. Belcher had found her on the evening that he asked her to marry him. She took the narrow path that led to the high road opposite the Bull, and walked slowly down Shooter Lill till she came to the turning with the well at the corner. The White House was only a step beyond. A high fence, through which she could not see, half hid it from the roadway ; but the strangers who had come to live there had children, for she heard their voices playing in the garden. She turned back and went swiftly past the post-office and the Red Lion till she came to the lane, round the corner and past the cottages, and on to the common, through the White Gate, and safely to the station. It was more than an hour's journey from Charing Cross to Chilworth, and the twilight deepened into darkness as the train went through the pine woods of Surrey j but she was there at last, and stood in the darkness and cold wondering what to do. She had had a vague hope that there might be a message for her at the station, with some direction to the house, but there was none. The way was up a lane between two green hedges-the railway porter pointed it out she could scarcely see it through the darkness. She walked on, afraid of the loneliness, and stillness, (or half a mile, perhaps, then the road ascended, and she could dimly see that there was an open space with a road turning to the right and left. " Mrs. Alford's," a man said in answer to her inquiry ; " take the road to therefrom is the second house. You'll find 'Hooks' Nest' written upon the gate." Tired and footsore with the long day's tramp, hut with a sense of scare and has)' that carried her along, she went for another quarter of a mile, then she stopped suddenly by a gate. It led to a house with fir trees standing up black and straight beside it. She pushed open the gate and found her way to the door, The bell rung loudly, as though the house inside were hollow. She could hardly keep her trembling self upright while she heard someone' within coming to answer it. A tall woman of five-and-forty stood and looked at her. By the dim light of the hull Katherine could see that she was pale and sorrowful looking. "Is this Mrs. Alford.?" she asked in h voice she tried to make steady. " Yes," said the woman slowly. " You are the lady from Italy, I suppose t I me to let you in the mistress will nee yon. Will you come into the diningroom':" She led the way into a dall: cold room, putting a light she carried from the hall down on the table, 'i hen she shut the door and went toward. Katherine and looked at her. "The mistress said I was to tell you iii at. Ma'am, and before you went to her," she said with infinite pity in her voice. " You needn't mind my telling you instead of her, for I have been with them more or less thee five-and-twenty years, and knew Mr. Jim since he was a little boy." " Yes," said Katherine, not dreaming of what was to come. " And the mistress told me how fond you were of him and what a blow it would be.-" "Yes, Uutwhut?" she asked, the trend of something terrible taking hold of her, "ibis anything happened!" "Yes," said the woman, nodding and speaking in a voice that was almost a sob.; " the very worst that could be has happened. Mr. Jim was to start on Friday-" " I know." " And on Thursday night he died, dear heart, Lind this day be was buried." "Oh, my God!" Katherine cried, and fell forward. But the woman caught her and almost carried her to the leather soft behind them, and sat down beside her, and took off her hat and smoothed the hair from her forehead. "Oh, no, no" she said presently, " it can't be-it can't be " "Ah, poor dear, the mistress said you loved him, the woman answered, "and what it would be to you. It was the fever that took him, on the top of a chill that he got just three days before, and he seemed to have no strength to light it off, though he had always been a strong man, and was to look at till the lost." Then a quarter of an hour went by, that in looking back upon afterwards always seemed to Katherine to have been like years. " Did you say that she would see me 5" she asked at last." " Yes, Ma'am, she will see you," the woman answered gently, with the helpful manner that only belongs to an old servant, " but you mustn't stay with her many minutes, or she has gone through a terrible day, and the doctor says she is better alone. But you shall see her, and then you must come away with me, and I'll give you food and put you to rest, and you shall cry your heart out. dear, for tears will help you most." Something in the woman's manner told Katherine that she knew the whole history of her coming. "There is a letter for you, dear," she went on " but you had better see the mistress (first, and I'll get it for you meanwhile." From Jim j" who asked, starting. " No. It only came an hour ago." Mrs. Alford was sitting in her own room in a high-backed easy chair, over a deadened fire. She looked round when Katherine entered, but made no other sign till the girl, kneeling down in front of her, silently kissed her black dress. ~ Then she lifted her hands and put them on Katherine, head. "He saw your letter," she said, "and told me to take care of "you and I will. But I can't speak of it to-night, or think of anyone but him." " Oh, Mummy, dear Mummy I" came like a little wuU from Katherine's lips, and there was a long silence. "You shall belong to me," the old lady said again; "but you must leave me alone now. I am trying to think that it was a blessed thing to have had him to love, but it is hard to feel anything except that he has gone. You must go to Elizabeth." Then Katherine kissed her dress again, and the thin bands that rested on it, and went reverently trout the room. Elizabeth was waiting outside ; she had a letter in her hand and a lighted candle, " Perhaps you would like to read it," she said, and held up the light as they stood on the staircase. It was iron Mrs. Oswell. " My dear," it said, " I have used your aunt, and she Kau confided to me that your uncle had with Mr. Belcher your address from a sense of duty, I suppose. Duty has mauve cruel things in this world to answer, jor. 1 let you know at once in case he should I be down upon, you, but remember Fred and I will stand by you Kurd and four." Katherine read it twice, but even then she was so dazed she could hardly take it in and when she did it seemed so trifling a calamity she could not realise it. She looked up at Elizabeth bewildered. " Which was his room ? " she asked, like a woman who was dreaming. "That one just a few steps down," the woman answered, " there-above the hall. You had better not see it to-night, dearie." " Yes,' let mc," she pleaded. Without a word Elizabeth led the way and opened the door. Stillness and darkness seemed to stare them in the face. There was a book case beside the fireplace, and on the other side were two portmanteaus and a tin case piled one on the other. Between the windows and the (fireplace was the bedstead, but only a unit trees covered with th a sheet was on it, and at the head a pillow. Between the bed had _the_w'incjj)ws "of. space seemed to have been cleared.-. It looked as Though some thing had stood there that had been carried out. " Did he die there," she asked, looking towards the bed. " Yes," nodded Elizabeth, with his head on that pillow, it may be you would like to be alone a few minutes," and putting the light on a chest of drawers, she went softly from the room. Then Katherine went up to the bed and kneeling beside it took the pillow and put it beneath her face. Suddenly there was a sharp ringing of the front-door bell. She heard footsteps go towards it, and buried her face deeper into the pillow and pulled it round her head, and bit its white cover, and kissed it with the wildkiasi'S of passion and despair. Then the i door was opened, and her own name and a voice she knew well enough fell upon her ear. Someone entered, and the street- door was phrased. Mr. Belcher had found her. Tub Km 