THE LATE FRED. LESLIE, RECOLLECTIONS OF GAIETY BURLESQUE. FIRST NOTICE. Amongst the books worth reading, upon which there is sure to be a run at Mullen's, few are likely to draw Mlelbourne readers more than the newly published Recollections of Fred Leslie, by IV. S. Vincent. In two handsome volumes, profusely illustrated, an old friend from boyhood,a journalist and joint author with Leslie of his last great success, Cinder Ellen Up Too Late, recounts the story of his life from start to finish. His early proclivity for the stage, his successes as an amateur, the ruse by which he snc ceeded in getting his foot upon the regular boards, his hardly.won success, his triumphs in America, in England and Australia, all are fullyrecorded. There is no lack of amusing stories to enliven the narrative, nor are det ail of his home life and private relationship want ing. Thepioture is given, Cromwell fashion, warts and all, alththe result that when you Ilosethe bookyou fully know the man, his strength, his weakness. The lives of great actors have as books generally been arrant failures, faulty in construction, painfully deficient in interest. No nch complaint can be brought against the present work. Mr Vincent is in fullest sympathy with his subject, knows his story thoroughly, has turned his literary skill to such good account that from the day of Leslie's birth, 1set April, 1855, down to the dark December morning, 1592, when typhoid fever claimed its victim, the in terest never flags. The enforced retirement of Miss Farren, through illness, and the death of Leslie have almost quenched what admirers called "The Sacred Lamp of Gaiety Burlesque." Whether it was ever worth lighting, or worth maintaining at such expenditure of vitality andartistic genios,may well be questioned. Like many other silly things well done, but scarce worth the trouble of doing well, it will have its day and cease to be; but the life of its high priest and Magnus Apollo is fraught with instruction for etage-struck youngsters, and may well givethem pause. Strenuous and unremitting toil, an overetraincd nervous system, and early death at thirty-seven, seem too high a price to pay even for sueccess like Leslie's and a fortune of LI6,000. Thegame wasecarcely worth the candle. EARLY LIFE. The Hobsons, of Woolwich, military outfitters in a good way, were not thefirst, norare they likely to be the last, of our middle class families devoted to church or chapel, who make the appalling discovery that one of their brood is that rars avis, a born actor. Good Mrs Hobson, left widowed with eight children to bring up, and a boai. nests manage, sncceeded in everythinr she undertook, save in arresting her youngest boy's penchant for the stage. Good schooling, both at home and afterwards in France, ren lar church-going, maternal expostulations, all failed to stem the tide that set so strongly theatrewards. The church itself must he credited with some of the respon sibility for having fostered young Fred's dramatic tastes; for at penny readings and parochial festivals he won such applause by his boyish recitations that in due course he found a place amongst the amateurs at the Royal Artillery Theatre. Here he chiefly affected old men roles, but on occasion was ready to fly at any game, high or low, that offered. The great ambition of these early days was to play Lear in a London theatre, nor did this longing for the higher and more serious walks of the drama ever desert him; burlesque was only a roadtowards a predeter mined goal, the management of a London theatre and serious parts, and for this he was preparing when death closed his ca reer. AN UNREHEARSED EFFECT. In those Woolwich days the play was one night the popular Colleen Bawn, and Fred Leslie, for he had thus early adopted his nom de theatre, was Danny Mann, the hunchback, a part he greatly fancied. All went well until towards the close, when Danny's knowledge of the text gave out. Danny, shot in the cave while tryingto drown the Colleen, has been taken to his mother's hat, and there has to confess and give up the ghost in view of the audience. The bed on which Master Fred lay was in the centre of the stage. Poor Danny's tale was told with all the convulsions and moans which enhance the effect of the death struggle; when, o! ! with the final twinge, off came the coverlet, revealing under the bedstead a soldier, lying at full length with a book and candle, prompting the actor above him, line by line. The house roared with laughter, and the cur. tain fell rapidly upon the anti.climax. It was fortunate for "Mr Fred Leslie" that he had not to show himself again upon the stage that night. EARLY DAYS IN STAGELAND. By the time he was twenty he had risen in the establishment of Mesers Prater, the well known London army contractors, to a salary of L100 a year, with the certainty of speedy promotion, hut In 1878 he threw all this up to accept an engagement to play first old men at the Royalty Theatre under Miss Kate Santley's management at the prinaely salary of L1 a week. The late Lionel Brough eas to star in Paul Pry, and Leslie was the Colonel Hardy. His first appear ance was a dreadful flasoo. To se care the engagement he professed to know all about the part. In fact, he had never read it, or even seen the play, but the chance was too good to lose, so he sat up all night to study it, withthe resnltthat hewas esoundly hissed. Confess-. ing the truth, he begged for another chance so earnestly that hliss Santley at last con sented, and by the third night both manager eass and star were forced to acknowledge that he wasthe best Colonel Hary they had ever seen. A year's hard work at the Royalty won for the young aspirant the goodwill of his fellows and the favor of the audience, but by those arbiters of deatmy, the critios, he was either ignored or hadsnch snippets of praise doled out as might have soured'one of less deter minedmettle. Stillhe struggled on, making way slowly tillin comic opera he found his feeot and becamne in request. In 1879 he married the sweetheart of his childhood, Miss Louie Agate, to whom he owed twelve years of happy wedded life, and whose early death jast before his secondvisit to Australia cast a shadow upon the short remnant of his careet. After two years at the Alhsmbra, where hisealary rose to L12, and finally LII, be accepted an American engage ment at I52 a week, and there first met with that stimulating ens eouragement, both from the Press and his audienoes, the lack of which had been so keenly felt in England. There, in five Smonths, he won a position which five years' hard work in England had failed to ensure, and on his return to England he brought with him a three years' engagement, to begin in Anaust, 1882, at L25 a week fBratyear, L35 secoud, and le0 the third. Before hisreturn to America, however, a chance meeting with IH. B. Fanle, the well-known librettist of so many oemi operas, led to an engagement at the Comedy Theatre to oreate the part of Rip In a serioecomic operatic version of Rip Van Winkle at a salary of L25 a week. This was in reality the crowning artistio suc oess of Leslie's life. Press and public were for once in fullest accord. The Amerisan engagement had to be postponed and for 100 nights Leslie enjoyed his triumph. A SERVANT MAID'S CRITICISM OF HER MASTER. Leslie's ervant girl was rot to see Rip, asd during the first ant a good.natured Zeighbor pointed out her master when he wan snging his song, These Little Heads now Golden, which she followedwithinterest. in t.e third act when Old RIp croons the came song in a faltering, aged voioe, but fails to recall it, end breaks down, the mali left the theatre and went home. Next day her master asked her howshe had enjoyed the performance. "0Oh, sir," she replied, "I like the two plays you acted in (meaning the first two aoto), and your song was beautiful ; but after that they played another piece (bhe third not), and some old man came on and tried to imitate you and to slog year song, and he forgot the words, and Ibe couldn't do it a bit; and I was so glad." AT THE TOP' OF THE TREE. At thaeed of 100 nights the management raised his salary to L30 a week, but as the furore increased beyond expectation, Leslie declined at the end of his nine months engagement to renew it save at an advance eo LIO. This was declined, so after 14th July, 1883, lie took a month's holiday before revisiting America. Therehe topped his pre vioous success to suoh a degree that London "Truth" wrote :-"Fred Leslie has gone to America for the salary of a Cabinet Minister, English managers feeling that they could only afford to pay him that of a Secretary of State." In April, 18d4, he returned to England in such a state of health that protracted rest was necessary, and not till September of that year did he resume work, returning to the Royal Comedy Theatre, and to his old form in Rip; a lengthened provin. oial tour following. To an interviewer he gave a peep into the seamy side of his hfe : "If you think that our book of life ls a kind of gilt oded edition de lure by comparison with that of the clever actors of your local companies who play a score of new pieces every year, you may temper your judgment with mercy by recollecting how exceedingly arduous these burleaque characters are. The frequent changes of dress and makeup, the dancing, the ainging, the constant ebullience of spirit-all this is most exhausting to the nervous syetem, and in my own case has led to serious illness." But, with all its draw. backs, the life was to his taste, and his affec tion for the stage never abated. lie loved, his work; he enjoyed it when on the stage, and there was no subjoect of thought or con versation more congenial to him at all times than topics theatrical. Rip Van Winkle came to an end at last, and the hard.wrought actor took a holiday trip in France, re.visiting his old school, and doing Paris. His opinion of French actors and acting is worth transcribing: "My so. journ in France taught me nothing, or rather only one thing, that the Paris standard of acting is deteriorating. I saw but one per fect piece of acting out of the efforts of about 260 artists, and this from a man at a cheap theatre in a cheap piece." For a second notice we reserve what to our readers will prove the most interesting part of the book, Leslie's connection with the Gaiety Company and his two visits to Aus. tralia. Jous ReID. 