THE HAMILTON HOUNDS- The meet styled " Bound the Town" is always pop alar in Hamilton, beoaase it is possible for everyone who wishes to look on at the sport to see some part of the run. The first throw off yesterday was at the baok of the Hospital, and a large crowd assembled there, while others who like to take their hunting on the banter-styled Shanks, congregated at various points of vnotage overlooking, the Grange and the Portlaod road. About half-post two Mr. H. Loogbnaneon Xadr Broxbonrre, and Mr. D. M'Pbereon on Simon went off with the drag, end the honnds were laid on shortly afterwards. Before I noticed that the followiog was a select one, most of the straight and regular goers being out and few others. The Deputy Master was riding old Warhawk, a sweet little jumper, nicely op to his weight, and with more p<ce than Merryboy. The huntsman had the consistent Steeltrapunder hire, and Mr. R. Hincbcliffe filled his brother's place as whip on Impetus Others out were Messrs. Vines, on Laura ; Armytage, on Grampians ; Seymour, on Denny ; E. M'Axthur, on Bally ; T. Robertson, on Glen- gariffe ; J, Robertson, oo Killarney ; Taylor, on Roolette ; Power, on Gordon ; Hammond, on Ribbon'6g ; Willing, on Lady Sussex ; Newton. MM . CiAR.lliAn A T Bromell, on Leap Tear ; W. Balkis, on Eclipse ; M'Leod, on Breakaway ; P. Watt, on Lanoer; Ferguson, on Bothsay ; and Simpson, on Digby Grand. The first fence was the stiff rail into the Park, and here everything went, remarkably welL The horses treated the rails with respect, and there was hardly a rap as they landed in the open, and bore a little to the left, tolrs-p some more rails and then a double with a hedge for variety. A fine strong fox was released shortly after-, wards, and, though he seemed dazed at first, he soon sneaked off towards Hamilton, while the hounds were at fanlt, and seemed unab'e to pick np the soent. Three of the leaders got on to it, however, and announced the glad ridiogs with deep-tbroated bays aa tbey went pretty straight towards the town, hunting on their own account, while the balance of the pack were a trifle mixed, and kept away to the left. The first fence through which the fox stole was a weak rail with a . wire running in the mortice for the ' top . panel and underneath. It appeared to be an. innocent sort of affair, still it brought about the first trouble of the ran. Glengsriff failed to measure bis big jump with his usual accuracy, and ho seemed to hook into the wire and turn right over, giving Mr. Robertson a very nasty fail for his fust with the honnds. Almost at the same moment Denny, not reckoning on Hie wire, came down with Mr. Seymour who, how-- ever, had a light epilL MA Armytage was in the track of somebody who punched pat Hie top rail and the wiles turned Grampians over, close to where a stranger oo a black got a terrible cropper and had some diffiontly in getting clear of his hone. The rest, with the whip, a long way in advanoe jumped several fences but they were hunting in a bothered sort of way owing to the split in the park which left the direction taken by the fox a mystery.- if list then some of the road division caught eigbtof thequarry mak ing for Hamilton witn the three faithful hound, on bis trail. A wild stampede in the lanes immediately ensued and the ' read division covered themselves with tnud end glory as they soed along the lanes in full view. The fox took refuge in a shed at the rear of Mr. Gibbon's place, near Lonsdale-street, closely pure sued by Mr. H. Loughnane, who joined in the chase after taking the drag, Mr. Balldnand the whip, the blaster, Mr. Vines, Mr. Bromell and others of the front rank faring very soon np. This warn a good opportunity for . all to be in at the .death, and the whole following, save Mr. T, Robertson, who' was rather badly shaken, were there to see Reynard yield the ghost. He was quickly dis lodged, and ran to the end of a 'very email en closure, where ha made a game attempt to olimb a high paling fence, bnt failed, and the psok swarmed round him in an instant. From a sportman's point of view, the death was cold-blooded murder, for the fox, : after nrnnlpg gamely for about three miles had no possible chance when hemmed in a corner from which there was no outlet save the jkira of death. Nothing went bettor in this somewhat tricky go than Lady Broxbonrne, Killamey, Lop Tear, Warfaawk, Digby Grand, Eclipse and the pony Gordon, which, though a grey, is not to be confounded with the grey of the same name that went at Fondrnret recently. After everybody had cooled down somewhat, the bounds were taken to the other ride of the creek, near the Portland road bridge, and Messrs. M'Pbenon and Loughnane again went away, with the drag, both Simon and Lady Broxbonrne fencing beautifully sii through the small paddocks, np the rise 'to near the gatehouse on the Portland road and then away to the left towards the police paddock, where a final check was called. The hounds were a trifle bothered et the throw-off; but a section of the pack picked it np quickly, and .very soon the lot were giving out a chorus and taking the toBowera over ahedge and a lot of rails which occurred with rather uncomfort able frequency along the creek. Mr. Cooke's horses dropped oht this chock? and I noticed' thai Bothiay was long-haired and very redolent of the grass ; a very different horse to the Roths.# who was tot-redo candidate thai could get near Victor in Hie heavy-weight. Point-to- Point last year. Evan thai Bothsay was not by any means pink; bid yesterdiy -be. hardly looked like ..the same . horse. Three who went round to .the check bad a lot faf splendid fencing,' most of 'them stiff, but all in .good' found'; country, which made exrellentgrofwfaiinting. The people whoasaemfalearathefcfflOTriiboiring the cricket ground; had a JBcfi jlKw «t ike 'chase which formed acfeireiMedllhwera-awept down frjan" tbe .Mrtbnr Misd .aud fiuiihed with a rritiejiurt ntthe other jride af Hre f ord on the Perm«tio«a.OiebMnae3fif this hnnt was maitedfanthfkw'ting in cidents. . At the a'art la oo. went very mad near Mr. Breet 'tdapeiandtchatged teveiythlnr -wilhin right ; a grey horse in.a.-jpaddock/firod with the spirit of JJuaaenrycAreered round his enriosu»au>d£nsllytook<uS «t awue,euid l.nded %ith bis ehore pobiting to <hs hky,po, the read.' -Later «n'« poul try yard was reared outrfits'L'fe when the Jaxjounejthatoway; hatoZriedtoriimbtmtohsgetwayj altogether the iaftemoon was erantfoL - s - ' The nextfncetiri dhfi Glnl, will-be ei pdler 