AMONGST THE MEDIUMS. NO. II. By Rita. Nov this if tbe giet oi what the mediums give si in paraphrase. One after another eays to one member of the circle after another, " I'm well and happy in spirit land, and 1 hope yon will, not monrn me— I am always thinkinc of yon (or Tom or Harrv. ao&ordin;«r to tlia fumilv ties of the spirit) give my best love to them all. I have not visited you before, beoauee yon did not sit with the right medium (here the medium can do a little business for herself) ; now yon may expect many visits from ree through Mrs Blank (more business). Well, 1 must be going now. Good-bye." And then the medium seeks her chair, exhausted, rests, and after a bymn has been sung, oomee forward and repeats the same thing fn much tbe same language, with the variation of such details as the questions of the fitter— say last night— snggest it would be satisfaotorr to introduce to-night. Anything else she picks up from the conver sations before and after the circle sits. Long confabulations take place between regular fitters and the medium, but with all new comers it is very brief, and on the safe side; but all besin and end more or less after the style of the precis given above. Indeed, it was the " I'm well-and-happy-no-more-at-pre- Eent " style, that reminded me of the immigrants, and gave the dine to an analysis of the mediom'B speeches. The former will always dictate iust about the same, because they have few ideas and not many words with which to express them; for the same reason the mediums know not infinite variety. '! hey all conduct their seances in rooms tit by a small lamp, which is turned low, and " blocked," as one lady expressed it— that is, books are placed in front of it till the room is almost in darkness, save for a flicker in a dis tant corner. They all sing hymns while the medium is going off, a process involving sundry dramatic shivers. Tney ill have one or two friends in the .circle who seem to mind " the front of the house," as theatrical people say. These friends collect the money, tiuk amiably to everyone, and ask questions in a guileless, careless way ; the information so gleaned may or may not be told to the medium, but I have heard quite eoougb told to the mend of the medinm in live minutes for the medium to tell the inquirer something plausible next night. These friends of the medium all pretend to bo more or lese clairvoyant, and to be domin ated by this or that spirit. They sit passing their hands over their foreheads ex plaining it is to prevent some spirit from having " control" or to dismiss one that is bothering, and eo on. This game goes on 60 persistently it must have some raison d'etre and I should not be surprised to hear that the bush telegraph is clumsy compared to it as a means of signalling " 'lancer," "caution," <( go on ahead," etc., to the medium. One marked instance confirmed this sus picion. The medium's friends sat in circle be- farcutn ira find annfllAr flt wntroT- fistth ftf m being well watched and questioned. The medium was one of the foremost here— a well-spoken woman, who scorned to ask questions herself. She moved cautiously, reeling her way. Addressing me, she said, 11 There is an old lady looking at yon ; she lovee you." Immediately her friend in the circle said to me with intense feeling, "There! Can it be your mother, dear? Ie die dead?" Against my wish — for it ie hideous to even appear to permit these people to talk with one's dead— 1 was obliged to say yes, as she waited my answer. She passed her hands over her face, and tbe medium aunched forth thus in & delighted sort of way : " Such a dear old lady, with grey hair and she aays she wants to speak to you." Now, I paid my shilling to see what went on and most carefully refrained from asking for anyone's spirit, bo felt quite justified in saying coldly, " Thank yon, I don't wish to speak. It is not my mother. She died before she was old and while her hair was black. You have made a great mistake." There was just the least sensation when I said this but the woman took it coolly and said, "Yea, dear, I did make a mistake; the guide says he said it was your grandmother. I didn't understand him at first." She went on tolthe others, and the matte r dropped . This reminds me to mention two things. Every spirit is cupposed to be led by a guide who answers questions, and announces often that the spirit sought cannot Bpeak to-night, but will next night. This after you have been invited to ask questions of the guide or spirit, and so give a fair amount of assistance to tbe medium. Then to others who have evidently been through this, the epirit is allowed to speak a little, but directly questions become troublesome the guide announces to the medium he mnst take tho spirit back, and the no-more-at-present business is repeated. The other thing is this, that no matter what occurs the mediums have & patter or an answer to meet it ; they are like eels the way they wriggle and hoist out of an awkward situation. Some people think a well framed question or two wouiu nonpius uxem. ouun ones should take their little questions along and try. It is not my experience. It is their gam e, and has to be played their way, and if you wont play their way, why, yon are not in the game, as echool children have it. The way to play the game is this : go and ask to see your sainted great-great-grand mother ; the epirit guide Brill bring her ; then he or the medium will announce she cannot speak to-night. After circle tell the medium or her friend what you think would be a fair thing to expect a sainted great-great-grand - mother to say, and she will say it sandwiched between the precis of the mediums formula I gave above ; then you must say spirituAlitm is a fine, satisfying, elevating game for a great mind, and the medium is a marvel, and come every Week and bring a friend and pay. Presently, as they get to know your history, they will tell you they have a private message to give yoo, and- in veigle you into a private sitting, fee os for the first, 2s Gd for all othors (some others charge 5s every time) and the spirit tells you tooome every week— good business again. So much for generalities applying to every medium I have 6een. Next, a few brief particulars, and they must be much condensed, for mediums are nothing if not prolix. Yet often one would have &b; little sense of humor ae Mrs Triplet not to be amused. I was told the medium most esteemed by the spiritualists would sit in circle at 7. 30 tbat night, and resolved to be punctual to see the seance eommenoe. Arriving at 7.30 I found by messages to her fitters the haa patit off till 6 o'clook to suit some of them, so sat reading and waiting. In the room was a woman suffering from an internal com plaint, over whioh the medinm, and an old woman called "Granny," positively gloated. All seemed to oherisV tho belief that when the right medinm should be found her touch would cure it, and the medium recommended another, to whom I will refer lower down as mt a beantiful healer," and said her magnet ism might suit the sufferers better than the pecker's. M Granny" said she had never found a medium with magnetism strong enough for her, and she had been spiritualist for yean. She certainly looked tough. Then there was " Sioh a gettin' up stairs," and an old gentleman hailed by tbe trio in chorus as " Daddy," came in. He pulled a small brandy flask out of bis pocket, and gave it to the medinm, saying, This is a remedy for toothache." She took it and thanked him. Then "Daddy" and 44 Granny " had one of those ehnokung flirta tions that it takes old hands to negotiate successfully. Meantime the medium had put her toothAohe mixture " away, and pat on a white cliuging drew, rather effective when the lamp was turned down, giving her a ghost-like took. By quarter past eight there were fourteen present, superior spiritualists for tbe most part. The woman with the internal disease had as much said about it as any deosnt spirit coold bo expected' to say, even a spirit that -spoke with lofty soomfor the usually accepted cause of and cure for the disease. Then some one said 11 Granny's off." I had notioed the old woman falling asleep, as I thought, and wondered why she was not In bed. However, the was working up a trance. "Go to her; she's got something she wants to aty/'caidone. Themeiliuiu's friend went and knelt in front of her, and she sighed and slobbered over her for ten minutes, then said, " God bless you," and woke. From remarks made it seemed that " Granny's ' perfor mance that night was not up to the mark. It was a sufficiently sickening sight. I-ater on " Daddy " favored the company by " going off." Now, his performance, I have no heaitationin pronouncing dispusting In faot, I have never seen such a sight any-, where. His attitude, asbesank in hie chair with his head fallen hmp, hie chin on his breast, dribbling, his hands limp on eaoh knee, and breathug bard, seemed too muoh for the medium's friend, and another, who shook him and said, " Daddy, ait up," in a way that said, " do not be idiotic; you are overdoing it," They got him into a better position, and tho medium placed her hands on his head and said, " Poor Daddy, the magnetism to-night is too strong for him." A superior man appealed to me to know if I could see the spirit of his daughter fitting ou toe medium's knees. I said No," and he seemed -disappointed. A woman —a sort of Dot Peerybingle — informed me she thought it groat nonsense. She had jost put baby to bea, and elipped in to see it out of curiosity, because her sister was in a developing class and she believed it would send her mad. Now, a developing class is where" sensitive young spirits," to quote their teacher, are " brought on," and beoome mediums. Hera more clumsy tricks than those that wrought the rain oi Herr Paulas are taught young girls from one guinea upwards ! xuu meaium woo ueiu too suutb boob cecum clus was referred to ae a marveOoiig inspira tional speaker. She spoke fluently and cor rectly, . bat with great paucity of ideas, Tocaoulary and stylo. "Jerusalem," 11 Golden City," and "Christmas Lilies" consti tuted tli» poetic flights— they are often nsed for that purpose bv speakers of a oertain taste. Not a single bright idea, beaotUnl metaphor nor finely-turned sentence escaped her. Yet people, spiritualists, say she is very fine ; it was milk and water, and sky- bine at that. Space preolodea even a glimpse at other circles, bat the " beantifal healer" mast not be forgotten. The " beantifal," it most be understood, applies to her alleged gift of healing, not to her face, whioh is not only plain bat evil-looking, I heard of her for the first time at the circle, and all the spiritual ists said she wae olever, and should be seen; her speciality is healing and private sittings at Js. She has a circle, bnt only stands and addresses people on a mixture of several re ligions, Eastern and Western. She is on the highest plane of spiritualism, she says, and oould not ait in the room with anyone wnolikeB a table turned over or to hear a spirit rap. They are vulgar manifeitations for the vulgar of a beantifal religion, of whioh she and one or two eleot hold the key. She has been in the Holy of Holies, and jumping tables will never saUsTy her es they onee did. Everyone seemed to eay a sitting with her would lift one into another atmosphere, aad was the sort of thing an inquirer ought to seek. I have since learned what I did not know, that these mediums not only reoom- mend people from medinm to medinm here, but to mediums in other colonies, and send all particnlare to the medinm, who thus gets a great reputation amongst traveller., who mention their experiences on a voyage. It had also been forced open me that it wae only halt playing the game not to ask for a spirit. When I asked the "beantifal healer" if she thought she coold bring my sister's spirit for a conversation she said, " 1 always suc ceed, no matter who fails. Sit yon here. 1 may take some time going off, but when I do, just talk aB if yonr sister were here." Sitting examining her bottles of oil used for robbing those she heals and some other articles of her stock-in-trade on the table near, she took me unawares when she dabbed out her hand and gasped in a whirlwind of delight, " SiBter ! here I am at last How I've longed for this. Kwaayotuepirit-gnide brought yon to Mrs Blank. Then, in ver- boseatyle, was given the stock patter given in precis above, and more in the same style. Then, grasping my hand very tightly, she said, " What friends we would have beenif I had lived, bnt it was not to be, you see. It is ell for the best, Yon can't see it. Yon are blinded with grief, bnt I can see it." Then — and, gentlemen, it is reoorded with the same sorrow with whioh it was heard— she said men are bad ! Oh, so very, very bed, deceivers, and many other names tco numerous and impolite to mention were said to describe yonr characteristics to a nicety. Then she said, " Why don't you speak to me 1 Let me hear yonr voice again." Now, really, I had thonght eo little of the matter I had not framed a qneBtion, and staggerad by the request, had not a thing to say. After a pause this osme, bnt it sounded hollow, and did not please me. "Of coarse, I'm very glad to eee yon." The spirit recipro cated the feeling. Then, nnable to think of anything more intellectual, I said, " De scribe your present home end life," and in two brief minutes repented this idiocy, for the medinm was off like a rocket, and took abont fifteen minntes to uo apap and avap a train thaf it was a beantifal and happy home, inhabited by beautiful spirits who took a keen interest in the dwellers on earth, and who were always ready to yam when wanted. Fnrther ques tions were invited, bnt not put, so the medinm shivered, awoke, took her fee, and said any time I ever wanted to speak to my sister again she would make an exception, and only charge 26 6d, for the girl was a beantifal epirit and far advanoed in epirit land, and ehe expected as she got in touch with n>, would have something to eey that we should hear- It is necessary to state here that I never had a sister, though simple cowardice pre vented the fact being stated to the medium. I said to an ex emritualist, " Surely there is something more than these sillygames and this silly patter to be found ?" He said not in those ciroles where yon pay yonr shilling for yonr chair and that are open to everyone. That's a fair sample. There are more re fined private olroles, bnt only believers or those vouched for by friends as earnest in quirers can go. (It should have been mentioned above that the mediums announce at the public cirole that they will "ait" with a few friends in private on each a night and ask friends topaaaroimdtheintiiiiatinn,onemodinm remarking that he had forbidden eo sod eo to come to the public Beanos, where hard spirits sometimes oame as she was sensitive, and had to be kept from all sceptical in fluence till stronger. Then in these private oirclee yon find much the same thing as else where. They know eaoh tocher and the htatnr nf anvnne thev urinsr or set a confederate to find oat for social intercourse is part of the game, these lower class mediums just parody what their betters do. Then spiritualism is not the same to-day as it was in my yonng days: then, it at tracted a different class, now It is played ont comparatively. A great many former spiritualists have, like myself, embraced the- oeophy. Oh, yes, ciroles investigate here ana there, bnt the palmy days of spiritualism are over. Yes, the exposures had something to do rtft it Do the circles pay f— Well, formerly, yes. Nobody grudged a shilling and 20 or 30 wonld drop in twice a week for the fun of the thing. Bnt not now. Yon see the size of the circles. Bad times have affected it like everything else. How very mundane of spiritualists to allow "bad times" and a consideration for paltry shillings to afloat them. One wonld think that tho intellects that seek and require the mental pap dished up for them wonld rise snperior to " shillings " and " times." Bnt they do not, it seems. Even beings " all sonl" like the mediums have a regard for the shilling.." Just another instance of the weak little traits end foibles sometimes found in truly gnat people. Even a medinm oan- cotbe great all ronnd at "prioe one ahil- ling." Russia still has many odd and canons marriage onstoms. One is for the bride and bridegroom to race rapidly down the aisle as soon ss the bridal procession en ters the cbnrch, because ot the belief that whichever pluses a foot first on the cloth in front of rite altar will he master in the household. 