LITERATURE. ATTACKED BY INDIANS. The Red Tarn is a lovely little lake in North-Western Minnesota. Its banks are fringed with lofty pineB, and the roagh foothills of a ppur of the " Beaver Tails " form craggy palisades full of caves. On the plain thus sheltered stood a big log farmhouse built by the Norwegian emigrant. Olaf Gnnsberg was a good representative of the old vikings; a man of gigantic stature, his huge red beard giving bim a ferocious aspect. He was one of tbe richest of tbe Norse emigrants, but with his flock and herds he gave himself little concern,' He left his affairs to the thrifty management of his wife. With his fliak of brandy, his rifle and his hounds, he spent the most of his time off in the pine forests in chase of moose, elk., and bear. His son, Thorswald, was the very opposite, not at all given to field sport?, but a student instead. He was interested in chemistry, and bad fitted np a laboratory of his own for experiments. He had spent several years at school in St. Paul, and then returned home out of health. His father had no patience with his tasteB. " The men of out race hacked their swords all over Europe, and left learning to the shaven monks," he said with a laugh like the roar of a wild beast. " They had no use for chemistry." But Thorswald was encouraged in his taste for science by both his mother and sister, and as his father spent little of bis time at the rancb, the boy did not have a very bad time of it. One day during the year 1868 Gnnsberg was sitting by the kitchen fire, having returned from bunting. At the farther end of the big room the women were busy with household tasks. Thorswald sat on a wooden settee near the corner of the widfe hearth talking with his mother and sister. The Norwegian suddenly turned on the three. " What are you telling there " I was saying," replied Thorswald, " that your Leaping Deer came down at the lake this morning and warned me that the Crows and BlacSfeet are gathering. He thinks we will have trouble." " Braugh-h !" growled the Norwegian. "The brutes are always plotting. They ought to be hunted like wolves." " Common prudence would teach ns to take some precautions," Thorswald said gently. " To tbe devil with common prudence 1" interrupted his father. " But we may be caught unprepared, father," said the boy. The big red-bearded hunter looked at his son contemptuously between bis half closed eyelids and emitted a clond of blue emake. " I will go out and hunt tbem as I hunt bears," he said. " But who has heard of a Gunsberg of the race of the Eric taking, precautions? Thorswald, your blood ia thin." The tall, slender boy colored, and still more deeply as bis father added, " I will leave tbe precautions to you and the women." Nothing more was said until IV e next morning, when Thorswald joined Hilda in the barn. — This barn had been constructed in one of the immense dry caves in the cliffs of the Tarn, adjicent to the famhouse. The sides of the barn were smooth rock, and the floor of fine dry white sand. As there was no cellar undfr the farmhouse, the cave barn was used as an immense storeroom and not infrequently as a sitting-zoom by the family is summer. About 30 yards firom the entrance stood a gigantic pine, which towered 150 feet' above tbe summit of the cliff. The trunk was hollow for about 20 feet from the base, A discovery made by Thorswald some years before. It Was a delightful labour to hew it out neatly and contrive a room in therefor secrecy. He also made an opening so cunningly concealed and covered with bark, tbat no one would suspect a thick door gave entrance to the hollow chamber. It waB the lad's Castle of Otranto, his cave of Ali Baba, his fortunes and his enchanted castle, and only to his stater did he confide the wonderful secret. " I wish father was not so reckless," he said to Hilda. " If he would only take ordinary precautions we might be perfectly safe ber&." "Well," said Hilda, "the word 'precautions' is hateful to onr father. He is the blood of the old Busikns. They rushed on death with a gallant shout." Thorswald smiled at her rising tones. " You are half a Bwiku yourself, Hild^, Were you ever afraid of one of these Indian f uprisings V' '* No, not much," confessed Hilda. b " I i suppose I am too much like father. Bat I p should like to heat them if yon have any a plans of defence," she added, laughingly. " I don't think I'll tell you just yet," he t said ; " girls are sure to blab." "Then I'm off," said Hilda. Thorswald buBied himself some time in examining the immense gates. He measured with tape-line the distance of the great pine and drew a rough diagram. Then he went into the chamber in the pine and examined his supplies of chemicals. He put his big electric battery in working order. The next day the news eame that the Crows and the Blackfeet were on the warpath. Cattle were being driven off, horses stolen, houses burned, crops destroyed, and all white families exterminated. Mr. Gunsberg was still absent, and the Norse matron bad to rise to the situation. The herds were driven out of the woods close up to the house, and the horses were coralled. She expressed no fears, but Thorswald saw her furtive looks out on the leafy gladeB and out over the broad prairie, and he came to her side manfully. " It is time father was home. Let me go and seek him." " No," she said promptly. " Your tather will be here soon, and he likes not woman's fears. He cannot understand fears." As they spoke a great shout went up from the people outside. Gunsberg with his wolfdogs and deerhounds /galloped up to the door. The horse was covered will) foam, and his sides were bloody from the spurs. " By the gods of my fathers, but I am in good time!" he shouted as he snrang from his beast. " In with the cattle and sheep and horses. I had"to ride and rm for it. There are two thousand in c- . band to the west of us. They will U here!" All terror and confusion ceased at once The herds were driven into the farmyard, where a ditch was dug out as a breastwork- "They will attack at night," said Thore- Fftld. " That is traV anewered his father, with a flash in his eyes. " They steal on you like a oat.. lake your mother and sister to the bam." " I thir.k my place is here by your side, father," 6aid the boy. " Take the women to the cave, and see that you keep their outcries down," repeated Gurisberg. When the female portion of the household was behind the big gates the Norseman with a laugh swung the doors to. "Stay there, boy," said he. "I cannot fight with women and children clinging around my knees." Thorswald raged. Teare of wounded pride, shame, and anger rose to his eyes, but his mother said, " He knows what is best for you, Thor." The matron made arrangements in the T sa o th cave for sleeping. The terrified woman became calm, as th"y realised that they were in a place of comparative safety. The solid walls of rook dulled every sound from out side. About midnight the garrison stood on the alert, for dim shadows were discovered flitting through the pines, and grouping and massing out on the plain. Gray Eagle, the Crow war chief, marshalled the Indians into two columns for a rush to carry the farmhouse by storm. On they came in the moonlight, yelling, and though the steady fire of Norwegians thinned their ranks, the Crows closed up every time, and at last jumped the breastwork. Then it was gunstook against hunting-knife. Gunsberg's great form towered over his ti in th p b t a w f s o a t t h r b f I foes, and rained blows around like a Goliath. Grey Eagle met him and was crushed. A cheer then went up, and then the blood of battle blinded the giant's eyes, though he was dimly conscious of a slender form at his side, and whoever it was he warded off many a deadly blow, and he pursued the Indians hot and heavy as they made off with the body of Grey Eagle. But the conflict was over for a moment. Guosberg looked around cn bis herdsmen, a doz°n of them lying at his feet. " Another such victory," he sighed, " and we are underdone." "They outnumbered us ten to one, father," said Thorswald. The Norseman turned. "Ah, it was ytu, then ! Aud you saw the fight ? Ay, you did—and took your part like a man, I remember it all." knew the Indian? (190 well sot tp eel sure that the attack would be repeated efore morning. The wounded were carried nto the barn and the whole force accomanied them. The ranch-house, the cattle nd sheep, and the ricks were abandoned. About three o'clock Indian yells burst on he air, and simultaneously a lurid flame shot up from all the ricks of hay and straw. The neighing of the horses in the stables mixed with the frantic bellowing of the cattle and the crackle of the flame, excited the Busikn blood of the Norseman to fury. He filled a tankard from the brandy barrel. No one dare reason with him. Suddenly he flung back his long hair and strode to the door. Thorswald flung himself in his way, but was thrown aside. " Shall a Norseman of the King's blood skulk in hole like a rat ?" he shouted. As he spoke he caught up a ponderous broad-bladed woodman's axe and swung it in glittering circles around bis head. All shrank at the fiery blaze of his eyes, t d b e a None dared lay a hand upon him. With a shout like Hector rushing forth from the gates of Troy, he dashed out into the smoke and flame ot the burning farmyard. Swinging the axe around hi3 head he dashed on the Indians. The heavy gates swung to behind him with a terrific clang. Thorswald made no effort to follow hia father. He darted to the side of the cave and disappeared into the short subteraneau passage-way he had excavated to the hollow pine. The chamber in the tree was loopholed, and he could see the Homeric combat in front of the light of the burning ricks. The giant was surrounded, but his axe swung remorselessly, and the Indians fell before him. But, quick as the strokes of the broadaxe fell, Gunsberg's foes fell quicker. Thorswald had not gone into hi3 piue to be a D ( , . spectator, but was dealicg out bullets from a very powerful air-gun. The Indians s'opped panic stricken, as \ mysteriously one after the other fell. But ' j jet ns Thorswald was congratulating him ;! his father Teeled blindly, staggered, and ; foil. A painted Crow brave epratig with uplifted knife to scalp the giant--"but horswald sent a silent bullet his way. The 1 j vage threw uphis arms with a shrill scream I f agony. The panic was completed, and J e Indians Had in a crowd. Theycon- J r nned to fall as they rushed past the burng hayricks, and, amazed, thry darted into d e pines, helter-skelter. G Thorswald opened his secret door in th> t . s ine ine baik, baik, rushed rushed out out and and drew drew his his father's father's I ody into the chamber. He huriied through j he subterranean paseage and called for help, I nd in a few minuteB the body of Gunsberg I as carried into the barn. I Thorswald hastened back to his wooden J ort. Indians were nowhere visible, but he J aw they had only retreated so as to be out f range, and were probably planning I fresh attack. His great fear wa9 that I hey next would pile hay and straw against L he big barn door and set it afire, and he astened to his electric battery. He car- J ied long spirals of wire out to the wonj ars of the gate. A grim smile lit up his ace sb he realised the terrible shock the J ndians would receive when they P^t J hands on these bars. _ j He hardly gained the tree again when „ big crowd of coloured eavages made a j rush rusu mtiugouuci altogether with uplifted "i""— tomahawks — to — .J batter down the entrance gates of the cave barn. « . Their sudden yells of horror and f rl R ht made the boy dance with delight. The Indians sprung back in amazement and terror wheji their tomahawks struck the heavy gate. "Howgh! howghl" they yelled, "the white chiefs gate is bewitched !" They xuxy turned and — fled. Thorswald sent a few bullets from the air-gun amongst them to complete the rout. Howgh ! big white chief was again slaying his foes by magic. _ " If I know the superstitious Crows rightly/'Thorswald muttored, "the next fright I give them will Bcatter them like chaff and bust them till daylight." Ho took with him a large bottle of phosphorous and crawled forth on bands and knees.' The darkness was intense j creeping up to the big barn door, on its great flat surface he rapidly drew in outline with the phosphorous a full-length portrait of the dead chief, Grey Eagle. The likeness grew and stood forth in the darkness in lines of fire When the work was finished he crept back ia haste to the hollow pine and awaited results. .. . The Grows ag* in recovered fromtheir panic and came on with yells and threats to attack the barn. Thore? he farmyard in great numbers ; but as they I t ashed at the barn an indescribable yell th urst on the night air. h The fiery figure of the dead chief threat- I ned them with uplifted hands, and with h simultaneous cry of terror they flad back | to the dense woods. I Then day came. The farmhouse and its a surroundings were smoking ruins, but the inmateB of the cave were unharmed. Thorswald found his father drunk, not dead. Help came during the day. The frontiersmen south of the Eed River had banded together and formed a company of soldiers. The Crows were driven across the frontier into Canada with heavy loss, from which the tribe never recovered, and Minnesota was relieved from the spectre of rapine and blood. For years the legend of the great chiefs ghost story was a frontier story, and even now it can be heard among ta'es of the early settlers' days, told by Minnesota firesides in the long winter nights.— Exchange. 