THE STORY OF A LOST SOUL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] By HUGH COLEMAN DAVIDSON. AUTHOR OF "THE GREEN HILLS BY THE SEA," "NOT A MOMENT TO SPARE," "THE OLD ADAM," &c.;, &c.; (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) The door was opened by Sarah, a charming old servant with a slight squint. From a certain moistness about her apron I concluded that she too had heard the knock and had in consequence left the wash tub hastily. There was a smile of welcome upon her wrinkled old face as she curtseyed from behind the door, but it changed to a very decided frown when she could see nobody there. Her eyes made an in- dependent survey of every shrub in- turn ; then she clenched her fist and shook it energetically at some im- aginary object in the gloom. "Drat them boys," she said and closed the door. But not before I had slipped in past her, and as she entered the drawing- room I followed. It was a quaint cosy old room, with old furniture, old pictures, and old china. Everything bore the stamp of age, and the prevailing tints were dark without being dingy. There was a delicate fragrance in the air, a fragrance which belongs to the past, due to lavender perhaps, or to the rose-leaves in the great china punch- bowl, or to the wood of which the cabinets were made, but never met with in any modern room. I shall always associate that fragrance with Cushlabeg and Rachel. When I entered she was reclining Upon a couch in front of the fire which was burning in the tiled grate, and her flaxen hair, flowing over the crimson cushion, was like a halo round her head. But her beautiful face was white and drawn, and she looked as if she had been crying. Crying for me ? The mere thought gave me exquisite pleasure. Selfish brute that I was. I blessed those tears ; I gloated over her distress; and then, in a moment, the picture changed. Perhaps she had been crying for the man I had mur- dered ! It was always so with me now—just one gleam of sunshine every now and again to show the dense darkness to come. In a low chair, at Rachel's feet, sat her mother, a handsome old lady, dressed in brocaded silk, with a dainty lace cap upon her head and many rings upon her fingers. Her eyes were blue like her daughter's but much paler, strangely faded they looked, and she had a curious way of twisting her head, the result of short-sightedness, when she wished to see anything more clearly. The relative positions of the two occupants of the room caused me no surprise. Rachel was queen at Cush- labeg. Her mother and father were her devoted slaves, and their one delight was to be busy in her service. " What is it, Sarah ?" inquired Mrs. Vane, looking up from her knit- ting at the old servant. Then she drew her breath between her teeth as if she was bitterly cold. "Please shut the door. You seem to have brought winter into the room with you." "And, indeed, ma'am, that's true enough," said Sarah, closing the door, " for there's a mortal chill in the aie this night. I was feeling it in thr hall myself, and though autumn's not half spent yet, and you've got a good fire in here and all, your poor face is nipped with the cold. Shall I fetch you a shawl, ma'am ?" " No, thank you, Sarah. The room will be warm again, in a few minutes, I daresay." "Maybe you'd be liking some coals on, then ?" " Not just at present.'' " Well, ma'am,'' said Sarah, her eyes jerking restlessly about the room as if in search of something, "it was a double knock I came to tell you about. I ran upstairs the very in- stant I heard it, but when I opened the door not a person was to be seen. Now that was a queer thing enough." "A runaway knock, I suppose," suggested Mrs. Vane, without any great show of interest. "I was thinking so myself. But in my stupid forgetfulness"—she ap- proached the couch and lowered her voice to an awed whisper—"I half fancied a moment it was poor Mr. Charlie, who's dead and gone, for——" But Mrs. Vane, after one swift glance at her daughter's pained face, stopped the garrulous old servant. "Be quiet, woman," she said, angrily. " I wonder you've not more sense. Not another word." "She meant no harm, mother darling," said Rachel, gently. " Have you not heard anything of George yet, Sarah?" But the old woman was too indig- nant to answer. She merely shook her head, and then sullenly left the room. From the conversation which fol- lowed I gathered that George, who was employed in the local bank, had gone away to his work in the morning and had not since returned. Rachel was very anxious about him. So many dreadful things, she said, had happened within the last few days that it was impossible not to feel uneasy ; and her mother failed to comfort her. Perhaps I could ! I drew nearer. As I did so Mrs. Vane shivered, raised her head and gazed earnestly, first at the door and then at the window. Her eyes were troubled, and her arms were around her daughter as if she apprehended some unseen danger. I took another step forward, and was holding out my had to caress my Rachel's beautiful hair when a tremor passed through her delicate frame. The shock riveted me to the spot where I stood. Surely—it could never be that she was going to shrink from me. Scarcely conscious of what I was doing, I stretched out both hands entreatingly, and then she shuddered. Could she know what I had done ? Did she shudder at the approach of the lover or of he murderer ? Yet what did it matter ? I was both. In the dark corner by the side of the flickering fire stood a queer old straight-backed chair with carved arms ; I staggered to it, and, sitting down, stove to collect my scat- tered thoughts. Presently Mr. Vane came in, a spruce, grey-whiskered old man, stong and active for his age, with a bright ruddy face and a kindly smile. "Well, and how is my little girl now ?" he said in his cheery way. But when he had drawn up a chair to the side of the couch, he sat down rather wearily. "Have you found him, father ?" asked Rachel. "No, I haven't. I have been several times at the bank, but Mr. Duke is out, so I could get no information. Oh, George will turn up for his supper. He considers himself a young man now, and likes to show off his inde- pendence." The front door opened softly, and a light footstep sounded in the hall. "There he is," exclaimed the two old people with undisguised relief. While they waited and listened a candlestick clattered upon the marble table in the hall. "Surely he is not going to bed with- out coming to see us," said Rachel. Her father rose hastily and went out. "Well, George, where have you been all day ?" we heard him say. "You don't look yourself, my boy. What is the matter ?" "I've got the sack," blurted out the boy. "From the bank ! What for ?" "I don't know. Mr. Duke told me this morning he was very sorry, but the directors said I must go. So he paid me and I went. I can't tell you any more." After a pause his father said : "Never mind, George ; there is nothing in that to distress you. You have done your duty, I am sure, and we shall have no difficulty in finding you a place quite as good as the bank. Come along in and see your mother and sister. "But," added he in lower tones, "you must brighten up ; that long face of yours won't do at all. Rachel, poor child, is worrying over the black business which has come with such a shock upon us all, and you must help to make her think of something else." After a short hesitation on George's part they entered the room, the old man smiling as he led his son forward by the had, the lad ashamed of him- self for having kept out of the way, and awkward. "Here is the runaway," said Mr. Vane, cheerfully. He has had a little disagreement with the bank people. That is the whole secret, and perhaps after all it is for the best. There is not much of a future for a young man in a local bank. George, you know, is ambitious ; we must get something better for him." But none of the others could respond to his efforts, and conversation was impossible. A dull, dead weight seemed to be dragging down the whole party. The more I looked at Rachel the more grieved I felt at the change which had come over her. It was not only in appearance, but also in manner, that she differed from the Rachel whom I had known and loved. There was no laughter, no pouting, no wheedling and caressing to get her own way, no pretty pretence of anger when she failed, no animation of any sort ; she was like a poor little crushed blossom that some careless person had trodden under foot. If she could be so altered in a few days, where was the happi- ness that I had looked forward to in the years to come, bringing with them fresh troubles and fresh changes which I should witness, yet without the power to stretch out a hand to help her ? Whether she loved me or not, I had thought that I should be content to be with her, to see her face and to hear her voice, but already I doubted. Her smile pained me most, it was so inexpressibly sad when she said good-night. Then, ac- companied by her mother, she left the room. A little later, when George had also gone, Mrs. Vane returned, and sat with her husband, as was their cus- tom before going to bed. But to-night they were very silent, and at intervals they kept glancing at one another. At length the old lady said— "It can't be that they think him— think. George— " "We know our son better than that," said Mr. Vane. " Then they do think it ?" she ex- claimed, with hands clasped tightly together. I started forward to speak—to say that the guilt must rest upon me. "For I knew now that suspicion was turn- ing against Rachel's brother. It was not until I had tried to speak and failed that I again realised my im- potence, the chief part of my punish- ment. As I stood there, struggling to find the voice which had been taken from me, I was smitten with a dread worse than any that had gone before. Suppose George should be convicted of murder ! Suppose he should be hanged ! What desola- tion for those I love, and what eternal torment for me ! I had already given up my life for the one I had taken ; if a second should be required I had no more to give—none except the life of the soul. "It is I who did it; Don't you hear me ? I, Charles Heywood, am the murderer," I kept crying wildly in my soundless way. But the two old people were uncon- scious of my presence. "The inquest, was adjourned until to-morrow, wasn't it ?" said Mrs. Vane. "George won't be wanted again, will he ?" "Oh, no, dear; why should he ?" said her husband. "It is uncom- monly cold to-night. Don't you think we had better go to bed now ?" And he ranked the last embers out of the grate. CHAPTER V. THE PENALTY. Between nine and ten o'clock in the morning two old farmers in Sunday attire—rough blue suits and shaggy old top-hats, enormously long in the crown—stood in the little market place of Scadden and looked up with a sort of awe at a certain corner of the gaol. " McGuire was the last," said one. "That will be five-and- forty years ago if it's a day." "Every bit," said the other. "I was way at the herrings, I mind, and only heard tell of it when I go back. That was only sheep-stealing, though. " Aye, sheep-stealing it was." " This is worse." "but, man, we're not sure of it. I can't think it of one of the family. Anyway, it's not our business to say so." Then the two old farmers jogged on again, slowly and hesitatingly, as if they were going to a painful task, little thinking that their conversation had been overheard by one whom they would have called a ghost. This was the first intimation I had yet received of the drift of public opinion with regard to the murder—for nothing else could have been meant—and it was ith greatly increased anxiety that I followed the pair. A large number of persons were going in the same direction—towards the Court, a small, plain building, which formed part of the gaol. All the Scadden inquests were held there, and when I entered it was already well filled. Among those present I noticed my father, Alister Grove, Captain Willmott, Mr. Vane, and a great many more whom I knew. The two farmers belonged to the jury, and had taken their places in the box. I looked round for George Vane, and eventually discovered him sitting in the front row. But the next mo- ment he was blotted out from my sight, for by his side was Rachel, and I could see none but her. It was an astonishing thing, to my mind, and an alarming thing too, that she should be there. As I stood with a select few near the Bench, but on a lower level, I had a full view of her. She was dressed in black, and every trace of the weakness which she had shown on the previous evening was gone. Though evidently much agitated, she controlled her feelings superbly. She sat proud, erect, almost defiant, by her brother's side, looking round as if ex- pecting unfriendly comment, and pre- pared to meet it. There was an incessant buzz of con- versation until the entrance of the Coroner, a short, stout man, with a ruddy face and a fringe of white hair all round the lower part, Mr. Greer, who appeared on behalf of Captain Willmott, immediately rose and asked that George Vane should be re- called, as he had some further questions to ask. There was a pause, a simultaneous indrawing of breath, a concentrating of all eyes upon the lad's crimson face. Rachel pressed her brother's hand, gave him a little push, and he went rather wildly to the witness-box. "You have sworn." said Mr. Greer, "that your quarrel with the de- ceased— —" " Stop !" interrupted George. " I didn't swear that. I had no quarrel with Willmott. I asked him to fight —a fair fight with fists—because he insulted me, but he wouldn't. That was all. There was no quarrel.'' "But did you not threaten to break his head with your stick ?" "Yes." "Out of pure fun, I suppose ?" said Mr. Greer, with a detestable grin. "You had no quarrel with him, re- member." "Nor had I," declared George, fiercely. "Do you mean to say I have told a lie? There was no dispute between us. It takes two to make a quarrel, and Willmott was laughing the whole time. That was what riled me. If he had lost his temper I shouldn't have cared." "Well, Mr. George Vane, as you are so particular, we will put it thus : The deceased refused to quarrel with you, whereupon you threatened to break his head. Now, will you tell the jury what became of the stick. Perhaps you have brought it with you ?" The question, put in Mr. Greer's mildest tones, overwhelmed George with confusion, and upon me it fell like a thunderclap. I had forgotten all about the stick. I had hurled it among the nettles in the ditch, and had since been concerned only with my crime and its consequences. Sooner of later it was sure to be discovered, and then it would certainly incrimi- nate poor George, its owner The nettles would die down in winter, and the blood-stained stick would be laid bare to the gaze of every passer- by. There was no stability about earthly things, that was the worst of them. They changed and faded and died ; I alone remained unchanged, in the midst of all the decay. Perhaps the stick would rot like the nettles ! Perhaps it had been found already ! This was indeed a fearful thought, and it seemed not unlikely to be true. Mr. Greer's manner was so hatefully smooth in asking that question. "I don't know where it is," stam- mered out George. Rachel's face was as white as death. I saw her fingers tighten on the rail in front of her, and she looked at Mr. Greer as though she could have killed him. "How is that ?" he asked. "Sticks don't get lost easily in a general way, and yours was particularly big and heave." "I have hunted for it," said George, "but can't find it anywhere. Charlie Heywood took it from me—I remem- ber that, although I was in such a rage—but whether he gave me it back I can't say. Anyway, I don't know where it is now." Oh, if only I could have spoken ! They were hovering close round the truth, but every step afterwards car- ried them father away. Mr. Greer was plainly convinced in his own mind of George's guilt, and he held to this one line and rejected every oner. One word from me would have settled the matter, yet I was not allowed to say it. It was right that I should suffer for my sin, and what worse punishment than this could possibly have been devised ? But was it right that the innocent should be tortured in order that the guilty should be punished ? "Leave him alone," I kept crying in that crowded court. "Let him go. He is innocent. I am the murderer— I, Charles Heywood." But as in the drawing=room of Cush- labeg, so now, not a soul heard my agonised cry. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 