* Aiiiericaiv Eloquence. A JIAN on his ,triaI"for.. murder, i New York, waa successfully défende by his counsel in the'follbwirig' grärj diloquont speech :- . -Gentlemen : of0tite?;ijury, iTho: shalt not kill." Í;NOW, if you .hani my cliont, you, transgress tlio,.coni mand as<L slick'' aa grease, 'arid a plump as a goose's ogg in a loafer' face. Gentlemen, murder is murdei whether committed by tweivo jury' my men or «in humble individual'liki client. Gentlemen, 'T" do not den; the fact of my client having, killed < man. No such thing, ; gentlemen You . may I bring vi tho /prisoner , .ii guilty, tho.;'hangman i may do1 hi duty-but will that, excuse you? No in that case you will be murderers Who amonf* you is prepared foi the brand' of Gain to bo stamped or, his brow to-day ?-who, freemen ! who m-'this land of liberty and light! Gentlemen, I will, pledge my word not one of. you has a bowie knife No, gentlemen; your pockets arc odoriferous with tho feums of cigars and tobacco. You can smoko the tobacco of rectitudo in the. pipe of u peaceful conscience ; but: hang my unfortunate cliont and tho , scaly alligators ' of '. remorse 1 will gallop through the internal principles ot your animal viscera until tho final vortobrae of your anatomical con- struction is turned ' itito ' a/gigantic railroad for the grim and gory goblins bf! despair^ j Gentlemen, be- ware of committing murder 1 Bo 'ware, I say, of meddling with tho .Eternal Prerogative J _ Gentlemen, I adjure you, by manumitted1 ghost of temporary sanctity, tb do nb mur- der. I¡..adjure¡you. by; the. name of jwonmh, the mainspring bf the tick- ing timo-pieco of times theoretical ¡transmigration, to do,?not murder. I adjure you by the American Eagle that whipped the universal gatne ¡cock.of creation, and. is, now. roosting lin tho magnetic"telegraph of time's illustrions transmigration,, to..do no murder. And, lastly, ifyoueverexpect ;froe dogs not to.«bark> at-you, if you ;ever expect to 'wear' boots made of ?the free hide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, and to "sum .up all, if you ever expect "to "be' anything but' sneaking, law-ílüng,! rascally; braided, jsmall ends of "'humanity, whittled ¡down into indistinctibiliiy, acquit ¡'my client, àndsàvè your country. \ The prisoner was acquitted. 