NEW S OF TIIE DAY. The Leader thin week contains & aerie, of pliotogrephio illustrations of the Melbourne blcycls sports on tils 51.0.0. ground, rind nl.o risws of the Murohison (West Australia) gold field from reoont photographs. The ndmirablo engraving ot 51 (Jubbln s picture, Down on His Luck, is reproduced by permission ot Modern. Fctgu»ci. and r.Iitouai!. "uiimiiiM from Black and White of 51. lo 5fyro de Vilars, tho Frcnoli envoy to Madagascar, and of 5IarshnI Yamngnta, tho Japanese commauder in Cores, are likewise given. Retrenchment was the only subject dealt with by the Legislative Assembly yesterday. Hon. members gcnorally showed that they were very muoh in earnest about the matter, and Ailnisters were pressed from all sides to spars no effort in cutting down the publlo expandituro. When the estimates of the Chief Secretary's depart ment were brought up for consideration the criticism was soarohing and emphatic. Tho conditions under whioh the refreshment rooms attaohed to Parliament Houses arc conduatod were narrowly oxamined, and nothing but con demnation was heard alike from 5tinisteriallsts and tho Opposition. Mr. Kirton set the hall i-olling by stating that the refreshment rooms should be self- BUpporting. As a mutter of fact the cateror at present receives a subsidy of about £550 from the State. This sum is ox- ponded in making good the losses which lie sustains throughout the session by providing dinnors whioh aro wasted on tho occasion of oarly adjournments, when members do not patronise the refreshment rooms. In addition to this subsidy, there is also a sum of £400 provided for fuel, light and inci dental expanses. The caterer is also supplied with all necessary appliances, table waro and table linen, but, of course, he has to purchase at bis own oost all the perishable articles con sumed. In some quarters it Is believed that refreshments are supplied free to mombera. This is quits erroneous. Every mcmbor has to pay according to a fixod scale of oharges for wlmtevor lie orders, jiiBt as though he were a member of a club. The Chief (Secretary ex plained that lie lied personally looked into thu agreement made with the caterer, and, finding it unsatisfactory, had notified that the contmot would he terminated at tho end of next month, when tenders would bo invited. Widely opposite views wero expressed by members as to tho desirability of having such well appointed refreshment rooms ns aro at pre sent attached to Parliament House. Sir. Long- more held that members should only be supplied with whatever refreshments they had a mind for nt meal times, and thought tho " bar" ought to bo closed. Mr. Graves strongly apposed the continuance of tho subsidy system, but Sir. Murray and 5Ir. Trenwitlr deolared against members being driven out of the House for necessary refreshments. " We might not be able to oome bank," remarked the member for Warrnombool. Mr. O. D, Carter deplored tho epread of teetotaliem, which, ho Baid, was causing the deficits, as pooplo did not now drink a fair share of spirits, but instead of consuming good liquor satisfied them selves with tea aud other " abominations." From the remarks of some members it would appear that tho Parliamentary refreshment rooms are not so popular with our legislators as is generally supposed. 5Ir. ' Prendorgast, for instance, thought the tariff too high, and that oheaper and better meals woro obtainable else where ; but Sir. .Salmon regarded four courses for Is. 6(1. a ronsonahlQ chargo for a " feed." 6Ir. Moloney, on the saino point, inontionod a place wore n 6d. meal could now be obtained in the city good enough for any " mcmbor of Par liament or ordinary citizen." "And a clean bed for 3d.," Interjeoted 5Ir. Staugkton, amidst muoh laughter. According to a calculation made by 5Ir. Moloney, £50,000 have been Bpcnt in fitting nnd furnishing tho Parliamentary rsfreehment rooms, and lia denounced tliia as n piece of great extravagance. After talking ovor the matter for an hour the topie was dropped, the majority of members beingsatis- fied jwith the Ohiof Secretary's announcement that the eubsidy to the present caterer wae to bo discontinued in a few weekB, and the task of feeding members when at work dona by tender. " Contingencies," another item in the Chief Secretary's estimates, provoked also muck discus sion. Vaguo votes of this kind aro scattered plentifully throughout almost every subdivision of each department, and in tho aggrogato tho voto for contingencies rune into an appalling sum, taking the estimatee as a whole. The one particular item to which Mr. Murray called pointed attention rend " telegrams, scores, sta tionery, hooks, fuel, light, water nnd in cidentals, including cost of indexing tho Government Gazette, lings nnd officu sta tionery for his Excellency tho Governor, £2580." Tho lion, member complained that particulars should he supplied, and tho amount expended under them set forth, so that the country might know, for instniioe, how much had been spent in (lags during the death of the late Czar. He was given to understand that flags aostlng £30 apiece, hoisted half-mast in mourning for tlic lata Czar, had, in a single day, beon blown to tatters. That was, ho thought, an expenditure whioh in the present hard times the country might well be Bparcd. The details asked for were not forthcoming, and thin drew a strong protest from Mr. Staughton against tho farcical proceeding of Parliament year after year discussing the estimates and "badgering" 5Iinisters after tho money had been epent. Members having in this fashion done what thoy oonoeive to be their duty to their constituents, tbo item was passed, and a little of tho same purposeless nttention was bestowed upon other parts of tho estimates. High salaries ore to some members of the Legislative Assembly what a red rag is to a bull. Tho publio servants who draw these salaries aro the tall poppies, which nppear to bo doomed. Mr. Graham called attention to one of tho number— the Government Medical Officer, who, he aaid.was drawing no fewer than three salaries — ona as Government filedioal Oillcer, £1200 ; another as medioal expert, £850 ; and special fees £150, making £2100 altogether. The Chief Secretary, who appeared very much astonished at this statement, challenged its accuracy, and deolarod that on tlio estimates Dr. Shields was only provided with a salary of £1020 as Government Bledloat Officer, and in addition received £150 iu fees for attend ing prisoners in gaols. Rut Mr. Graham elted a Parliamentary return as the authority for his statement, of which Blr. l'eaoook made a oareful note for immediate inquiry. Tho estim able services rendered by Dr. Shieldi wero referred to by moro than one membor by way of a reply to the demand for his re- tirement, and Blr. Bl'Lollan, speaking as tho father of the House, and, as Bfr. Murray said, "tho ghost of departed days," lectured the audacious members who talked lightly about retrenching an old nnd dis tinguished officer who lind " saved the country thousands of pounds " by his expert services in ossos of railway accidents. "Would you replace such a gentleman," asked 5£r. M'Lollan with fins indignation, " by a mere tomfool who would tako losssalaiy '! " No one was courageous enough to dobato tho point with tho member for Ararat, and upon a division to strike out tho Item 57 members voted with the noes, and only 20 for the extinction of the luoratlvo poet of tlio Government Bledical Officer. The large expenditure upon the Agent- Ganaral'e ollioo in London was adversely criti cised by tlio Legislative Assembly last night. Upon the o-tlmates for the year provision is made for £2555 fur the salaries and expenses of seven clerks employed in London, nnd in addi tion there is the salary of tho Agont-Genoral, Blr. Gillies, nmouiiting to £2500, not reckoning tho percentage reduction since mndo. Further more Mr. Gillies reooivoil £250 to defray his travelling expenses to London. Blr. Hnncook, in raferring to this largo expenditure, said it was altogether too lavish, anil moro in keeping , with tho expenditure of an ambassador of a great nation than that of a gencrnl ngont of a Bmali colony. Information was dcmandoil ns to tlio duties discharged by tho Agent- General and his staff, with tbo viow of effecting sonic sweeping retrenchments, and this demand was so general that the Chief Secretary, who was unprepared, deoidod to postpone tho item and post himself thoroughly in the mysteries of the Agent-General's official life. Tho Now Guinea vote was passed without much comment, hut tho one for tho Department of l'ublio Health (£16,442) exoited much dis cussion. An invidious distinction msdo between the clerical aud non-clerical officers, to tbo apparent detriment of the lattor, was noted by Mr. Frondergast, and Blr. T. Smith recognised in the hoard of Health a new and growing dopartmont which should never havo been oreatod. An explana tion by the Premier, that inaremente given to tbo clerical staff were enforced by law, whilst the absence of increments to the remunera tion of the non-clcrleal officers wss accounted for by tbo faot that they bad no such legal rights, drew from Blr. Smith the saraastlo romark that "this was a lovely state of affairs." An amondmont was submitted by Mr. Sterry in the form of a reso lution to tho offect that tho oost of the adminis tration of tbo health branch should be largely reduced by extending tbo powers of the local boards of health. This opened the way for certain country members, such ns Blr. Burton, Blr. Wheeler and othars, lo express tho feeling of irritation caused amongst tho local bodies by tho zealous insistence of the Central Board on sanitary reform. Blr. W. Anderson, a mcmbor of the central hoard, admitted that certain "inherited" officers carried out their duties in a rather disagreeable fashion, hut lie defended the central authority ns a body ani mated by enlightenment, zeal for the publio weal and a souse of duty. Various other points woro touohod on, and Blr. Soott, contending that tho health olllecrs at Williamatown wero overpaid, moved that tho amount due to them be reduced by one-half. His amendment wsb only negatived by a majority of sovan. Tho first half of Mr. Storry's proposal, viz., that the ?ost of tho branch should bu largaly reduced, was then ncooptod by tho Government and agrsad to. Sinco Mr. A. Harria's bill conferring the Iran- chiao on the police waa ennoted the "force" have acquired many friends in the Houae. This was made almost ludioroualy obvious last night when tho police vote of £258,240 was dismissed. About 20mombors upheld their virtues and called for a redress of their grievances. Their virtues may go here "without saying"; their ohlef grievanoes aro that thoy are only allowod 12 clonr holidays in tlio year, Sundays included ; tlmt they tiro shabbily treated in tils matter of siok pay, and that thoy aro compelled by regulation to wear uniform of expensive imported oloth, whioh is easily damaged in a " rough and tumble" with larrikins, whilst hotter and clisaper Viotorian material con be supplied. These at any rate wore the leading points urged on their behalf. Blost of the Labor members spoke in tholr interests, nnd Blr. Wintor slyly observed that in this was to be found olear evi dence that tlio representatives of tho work ing classes wero not, as was averred by certain parties, opposed to law and order. Uninten tionally, as it seemed, Blr. J. Anderson gave a sparkle of huinor to the discussion. In adding his words of eulogy, lie said that " in tlis old days the police performed rory valuable services for the members of tits House. They were some times kind enough to see them to their respec tive homes, instead of locking tliein up, as might have been their duty." Blr. l'eaoook gave ro- nsBuring answers to ail the points raised, and there tho matter might hare ended, but for an amendment insisted -on by Blr. Soott in a some- wlmt Quixotic spirit. Blr. Scott's amendment was thnt the salary of the Chief Commissioner of Police (£792) ho struck out, on the ground that Blr. Chomley is over ugo and an obstruction to promotion. The Chiof Secretary explained that tho Order in Council under whioh over ago officers are sup posed to bo disqualified would, if carried out, result iu a large and unnecessary addition to the pension list, and in a seriouB disorganisation of the force. If Blr. Chomley were retired his plnao would be taken by Mr. Parkinson, who would, in aocordanee with the Order in Council, liavo only 16 months in office, and he would be succeeded by another officer, who would he Chief Commissioner for but one inoutb. Mr. Soott insisted on a division, aud practically the whole committee voted for Blr. Ohomloy's retention. Including the mover, only three voted for tho amendment, Blr. Scott's supporters being Mr. Blaloney and Blr. l'ronder- gast; and when Blr. Moloney volunteered to aat as a teller for tho majority, and Blr. Scott himself was picked by tho olork to help Mr. Foster to count Bfr. Prendorgast, members roared in laughter. It was a record division— 67 to 3. The vote was then agreed to, as was also that for the Penal department after a little dissection ; and then nt 11,15 progress was reported. In the Legislative Counoll yesterday tho Trusts Aofc Amendment Bill and the Railway! Construction Validating Bill were put through their final stages. The hill to reappoint tho acting Railway Commissioners for six months was again before the Council, nnd another general disoussion took place on the position and control of the Railway department. On a forinnl motion for roporting progress, the committee was led into a discussion on the rival ineritB of Viotorian and Newcastio coal. Blr. Mel- villo, carried away by some evidence he lind heard from a ooal importer before the railways committee, launohtd out in bin indisoriininato stylo of address with an attack on the Viotorian ooal, oomplatning that tlio colony was paying more for the local produot than the Newoastlo coal oould be got for, and dopreoiatiiig tho quality of tho Vic torian coal, on the strength of the evidence given to tho committee. Blr. Levi mndo a foroible reply thnt sevoral of our coals wore shown to be us good as the imported article, and that considering the fabulous millions of money this colony lias sent away for coal, and the money spent mi bonuses to the butter nnd other industries, it was very muoh out of place to cry out against the few thousands involved in fostering our own coal resources. As to tho railway system, moinbors doubted tho efficacy of the proposed hoard of inquiry ; nnd tho policy of making a merely temporary appoint ment of tlio commissionors was called in ques tion, on tlio ground that the oommissibnors would not be sufficiently independent The bill was passed through all stages. The bill exempting certain goods and chattels from dis tress for rent was passed through committoe, with an amondmont adding "talilee, chairs, cooking n tonsils and bedsteads," and some new clauses simplifying tho procedure by whioh landlords oould regain poseosBion of tenements. The bill to admit as barristers Viotorian nativeB who had qualified in other oolonieB aroused strong objootion to its narrow spirit of localism, and Intimation of several amendments was given. Tlio second reading was ngroed to and the bill wae formally com mitted. The Silo of Goods Bill, whioh codifios the law on that subject, was favorably received, and, having passed its stoond roading, was formally taken into oommittec. The Counoil on rising adjourned to Tuesday. Blr. Bowser, M.L.A., has pointed out to us that in the report published yesterday of Tues day's proceedings in tho Legislative Assembly it is made to appear that lie voted for Blr Gray's amendment iii favor of a graduated laud tax and against Bfr. O'Noill's first omondment, thnt tho tax be OJd. up to £1000, nnd Id. for n larger valuation. This was an error made by the tellera appointed to report tho result of tho division to the House, Blr. Bowser having been marked aa voting on both occasions. In his not oalling attention to the error Blr. Bowser states that had lie beon present he would have voted for tho £500 exomption. Despite reoent events which so seriously marrod its welfare, tho Country p.rty is n„t Jej extinct, though it is leading a flioksring and aomowliat Irksome existence. Blr. Graham and hie faithful henolunon mat again yesterday at' Pnrlininout Housu and considered what action they would take in regard to tho Mtimatu. It was decided that they would strongly resist the restitution of tho £73,000 to the civil scr- vioe, and failing that tlicy would ondeavor to obtain reductions among tho hlgbor nsid employes. It it probable that tho personnel of the Rail, way Inquiry Board, whioh is to be asked to make an exhaustive Investigation into the management niul control of the railways in tho colony with a view to suggesting what changes nro necessary to soouro moro satisfaotory financial results from their working, will bo settled to-dny. An effort lias beon mado by Blossrs. Bf'Cullooh and Pratt, BI's.L.0., the honorary members of the Cabinet, who' have been entrusted with tho duty of selecting the members of the board, to scours tho services of the head of the Railway Commissioners fa either of tho adjoining colonies, as it was thought the expert knowledge auch a gentle, man could bring to boar on tho inquiry would bo of special value, but neitlior of theee gentlemen was ablo to undertake the position. Othor gentlemen, who are considered to posseis special busiuese qualifications have, however been communicated with, and it is probable tho board— whioh is to oonsiet of three mem- bom— will 00 fimiiiy seleolou trom the followiug gentlemen Mr. E. Langton, Blr. W. Cain Blr. O. Campbell, Blr. IV. BL K. Vale, Blr. 1).' Whitley, of Glppsland, and Blr. J. Cooke. ' The royal oomtnieaion appointed to inquire Into the working of a State, bank held a pre- liminary meeting yeaterday at Parliament House ; the members present being Blr. levers ALL, A. (chairman), Messrs. Coutts, Levi anil Grimwado, M's.L.O., and Bfessrs. AVioter Soott and Kennedy, BI's.L.A. It was resolved that evidence ho taken on oath, and that the proceedings be open to the press. The ntzt meeting wab fixed for T'uosday, at 2.30 p.m,( when Messrs. Alsop and Robinson, of the Com! miosioners Savings Bank, are to be examined. The It, M.S. Mnsailia arrived at Adelaido from Albany yesterday at noon, and the mails for the eastern colonics wero despatched by the after- noon expresa for Blelbonrne, where thoy arrive this morning. Tbo attontion of Mr. Jnatlco Holroyd bar beon drawn to a rumor whioh is ourreat ia Beecliwortb, and which wae referred to la a message from tho local correspondent of The Age In yestordny's issue, to the effect that hit Honor intended to resign bis seat on the Supreme Court bench at the end of tho ourrent year. It nppeara that there is no foundation wbatovor for tlio rumor. His Excellency Sir Henry Norman, IC.C.B. is a through passenger to Adelaido by the R.M.3. Orizaba, whioh arrived in the Bay yes terday from Sydney. Retrenchment in the Publio Health Board waa hinted at yesterday's mooting, when Cr. Forbes (Prehran) brought forward a motion that the board should resolve itself into a com mittee for consideration of mentis to reduce its coat, provided such reductions did not tend to impair its efficiency. The chairman (Dr. Grcis. well) pointed out the saving whioh had already been made, the expenses ot tho year 1893-91 being only £16,000, or £3000 less than the pre vious 12 months, and thought that tho estimate of £16,000 or £17,000 for tho current year would probably prove excesaivo. Or. Cearicg (filaryborough) also spoke in support of ihs motion, which was agreed to. An extremely involved anae was concluded in the Suprome Court yestorday, before Mr. Justice Holroyd, in the matter of Huon v. Dougherty, The plaintiffs were Florence Jsne Huon and Elizabeth Dougharty, nnd the de fendants John Dougharty, Amy Ann AVilson, Win. Lindsay, Win. Sigiamund Rucker end James Bl'Gibbon. Mr. Ifiggius and Mr, Weigall appearod for plaintiffs, and Blr. Topp and Blr. Uayos for some of tho defendant! Tho late John Goo. Dougharty, formerly tf Molbourno, on his death left a will dated 13th January, 1881, by which lio made n number of boqnoats to his wlfo and daughters. Probate of the will was granted to John Dougharty and Win. Wilson, tho lattor of whom died eoon afterwards, and probate of his will was granted to the defendants Amy Wilson and Wni. Lindsay. On 19th August, 1893, tho eBtnts of John Dougharty and T. Parker was sequel- tratcd, and tho defendants lluoker and Bl'Gibbon were appointed trustees. The otaim wr.a based on tho contention that there lied been a breaoh of trust on the part of defen dants in regard to largo BumB of money which had been committed to their hands on behalf of the estate of J. G. Dougharty. Plaintiffs ought to have it declared that defendants were merely trustees of these amounts for plaintill'e benefit, and that they were liable to repay them. His Honor reserved his decision. A point whioh goes to test the validity of the Licensing Court as at present constituted was brought before the Chief Justice in Cham bers yesterday by Blr. Herbert Barrett, who appeared on behalf of Ann Constance Whitby, licensee of the Alma Hotel, Bloray-strest, South Btolbourno, to apply for a writ of prohibi tion, or certiorari, to raatrain tlio Llosusiag Court of Melbourne fromdealingwithherliccnce. An applieation had been made by the owner of tho premises for a renewal of the licence, and the liceneeo objeotod to the jurisdiction of the court to grant it, ns sho said that tko require ments of tho act in regard to time nnd place had not been complied with. The main feature- In the objections was that tlio notice of the sitting of the court had been issued by the licensing clerk of the court instead of by the court, or by tho direction of the court, and that the place mentioned waa Bfelbourne, which it was contended was uot n " place" within the moaning of the net. His Honor granted the rule nisi, leaving it to the option of the appli cant to take out a rula for a prohibition or a certiorari. An opposed application for a wine licence wae made to the Licensing Court at its annual aittiuga yeaterday by Anno Theresa Christie for premises at 70 Beach-street, Port Blelbourne. A number of witnesses woro called with tho view of showing that tho applicant was an improper person to conduct a wine shop, ai the premises were used for the purposo chiefly of a disorderly house. Tho bench refused the appli cation. Blr. Lyona appeared for the appli cant. St. Patriok's Cathedral Fair was largely attended again last night, when the Navel Brigade gave nn exhibition of their proficiency in the art of arum and of their physical training. 'There were several tugs .of war. In the one whioh, perhaps, excited most interest, tho Chinese nppear to ho down on their luok, ns even at a tug of wnr thoy were beaten by the Syrian hawkeri. Through delay in sending in raturm, the grand art union hae been dufcri-cd to 2ml Bfarali, 1S95, the blooks to be returned tile week previous. Tile takers of prizes will be advertised in tihe Age on Blouday, 4th Blarcii. To-night there will boa series of tableaux vivants. Comic skat ing aud the tuga at war will bo continued. Tlio Colliitgwood Ratepayers' Association meets to-night in the local town liall. A villa ami land at Caullleld, near the station, will bo offered to-day by Blr. W. C. llart. A cako and apron fair will be held to-day in file Bliuonie liall, Collins-street, in aid of the missions to tho Chinese in Victoria. The brick villa Norfolk, Middlo Brighton, will be sold this morning by Blr. F. IV. Bouse, on thu pre mises, comer of Bendy and Halifax streets A meeting to consider tile reorganisutiuii of Mils Sutherland's work on a national basis is called lot to-morrow afternoon in the Town Hail. An organ rocital nnd sacred concert will he giron tills evening in St. Uuorgu's Presbyterian Cliurcu, East St. Kilda, Blr. J. Albert Blalllnson behtg the conductor and aolo organist. A meeting of Praliran Wumeii's Franchise League will bo held in thu local town ball to-night a 0 o'clock. MesBrs. G. A. Maxwell and W. Paul, -bill Blichie nod Mrs. liislop (from New Zealand) wiu address tlio meeting. A. 11. Mansion and Go.'s Weather Almanac for 18B6 is to hand. It is full of useful and vnluablo in formation. Many new fc.aLures inuko this years Issue equally us important as its prodocussurs. From tlio same publishers, Blr. L. L. Smith's ileilaal Almanac for 1895 is before us, and maintains It characturistics as. a usaful medical almanac. Blessrs. C..J. ami T. iln.ni conduct at tho Blel bourne Alhomeuin to-day at 2 o'clock, an auction sale of proportion of the BlutropoUtan Bank and Building Socloty, when deposit receipts of these institutions will bo taken in exchange for frooholds Wo are requested to direct special attention to tlie liberal terms offered, by wldch now depositors MU participate iu the benefits of tho sale. 