Ladies Losing Wutvhes. Going into some of the large stores ia town one may notice that many of tho young women behind the counters who are to fortunate as to possess watches have the ringB at the stems of their time-pieces drawn through boles in their jerseys and fastened down securely by a buLton, so that a watch could not be removed without quite an effort, and certainly not without its wearer know ing about it. This is a scheme of wearing a ; watch that has gone into fashion in the stores, and it has a substantial and sensible basis. Recently a great many watches have been stolen or lost, and in the lost and found columns a larger number thau usual have been reported. From the small number re ported as found compared with the large number reported as lost, it is apparent that , either the -honesty of the people who have ?! been finding watches on the curbstones . / lately is at a very low standard, or else the ; ' jk watches were really not lost in the sense in- tended by the advertisers, but stolen. It has ; been quite fashionable for ladies, especially for those engaged in the stores, to wear their watches in their bosoms, with fob chains hanging out of the button- holes of their jerseys. In most of the cases where watches have - been lost, the wearers bad grown careless, and to save time and have the time-pieces as available as men have theirs, they had just tucked them in between their coraec covers and the corsets, inater.d of inside too corsets as most ladies, it is believed, do. Thus worn, they were an invitation to a pickpocket, and in the crowds oa tha trams and ferries, just alter the clcsing 'hours of the stores, it was an easy matter for an expert thief to make a" haul.". .A lady had the misfortune to find A w..tch uu ' one of the streets in Sydney the other day, and she advertised it in the Ileiald. The applicants who called right away after tee appearance of the advertisement were so numerous that it was a person's work to attend the door. The lady was surprised ( that so many people could have lost watch- s. The police will say that there are nothievaa in the city— they always do — but the y«vng ladies an town know batter. i - =' " — A certain act of patronage wae con ferred by a poet, whose name began with a T, on Alexander Smith, which" ilia yo nj man very naturally resented. VVh- u T—— . observed: "Never mini what the cri-iot say, I like your poems," Smith is said t-a have replied, "Oh, sir, do not disco ma-a me." ' — Argonaut. Criticism as is Criticism.— Col. " Pat Donau doesn't like the play of " Hamlet." Hear the eloquent adjective slinger: :i i bavfc no patience, much less sympathy, with u \ wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing- at dilapitated old ghosts in tin lieiui.jtt and green gauze vr.'ls. under bogus moonlight : everlastingly tlireviteuintodoootautliing.ituA nc-er doing it ; driving his sweetheart to lu nacy ?>i'l a catfish death, by his dime-inusc.nu freaks ; making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diggers; going into all sorts of he terics; and av last, running a section of bar bed wire fence, in the most approved Ohio, go pig-sticking style, through his dead giri'a brother, and dying himself, to slow fiddle- music; amid a general c vrnage of lunatics and wdtot tbvunllfiti, 