OUR NOVELIST A 'WIFE'S HONGB. By the author of ' /Sworn Foes,' 'Revolving ' Lights.' &c.; CHAPrERII. HOSE AT HOME. (Continued.) 'Why not? He's nobody very mighty, after all,' saidEverard, with true bojish republicanism. ' I will n ak Mm, tb,ougli— him or Lady Vivian. I think she must be a jolly good sort, for the groom said' that if he gave me the pup, and then told her, she would only laugh, and say there were plenty more, and Sir Philip would only say, 'The lad is welcome, if he'll be kind to it ;' but I knew I mustn't do that.' '.No, dear— no indeed — because it is not the groom's to give !' . ' And valuablepups ain'tlike game,' added the boy, as thev reached the park: railing, over which both scramb led. ' I hope there'll be a jolly fire and tea ready at home, for I'm peckish !' ' I've got some beautiful cakes Mrs. Wood nun sent to mamma,' said Rose, as they nearedthe outskirts of Arling ton, where in a large garden their pretty home stood, and at the gate mamma was watching for her wander ers, who, the moment they saw her, had a race to see which should reach -her first. ' Mamma, darling, here's some work for cook to- morrow,' cried the boy, whirling the game bag round as he gained the gate. ' Mamma, here are cakes for your tea, you dear old cake baby !' exclaim ed Rose. 'Is daddy in?' ' Where have you monkeys been ?' said Mrs. Harley, a still, pretty, elegant-looking woman of forty-three or four. ' V verard, I really don't like you snaring the game !' ' Oh, mamma dear' — in duet— ' nobody minds a bit.' ' One at a time, please. Come in and you can talk- at tea, for I suppose youhave been poking about the hall again. Rose, what did you say about cakes ?' . ' ? . 'Mrs. Wood has, sent you some, dear,' answered Rose, skipping along the path to the house, and- ending with a bolt into the dining room, as she caught sight of her father within the bow windows. 'Well, my dear, been up to the grand house, I suppose ? Take care you don't learn to despise the humble home and limited means,' and Dr. Harley [shook his head with a half anxioua smile on his benevolent face. ? ^ Rose threw a glance round the dining-room, large for a middle class house. The furniture was old, certain ly, and the carpet faded considerably: but the blazing fire crackled cheer ily, the kettle was singing merrily, and the mother was making the tea at the table, set out so cosily for four. ^ 'No, father,' she said, soberly, ' I shall never despise home, if I were ever so much, at fairyland palace over there. It \«n'i Tirvm« I' ' Right, my truehearted Rose sans e^ine — keep to that !' ^ ' Roge always was a brick, said Bverard. ' Papa, I am going to make love to Lady Vivian for a setter pup.' ' Go and get ready for tea, you Turk, and then you can chatter.' Perhaps that bait made him speedy' for he and Rose were soon back, the cakes produced, and tea went on merrily, the lad, of course, enlarging on the horses and dogs, the lassie on the works of art and antiquity, and stately apartments, with their -world of costly beauty. Then she reverted to the picture gallery again. 'Have you ever seen Sir Philip, papa?' * ' How should I, my dear ? He is never here at Arlington Court, except, rarely, for business, and our spheres are so wide apart that, unless I had chanced to see him riding past from the station, I should not see him ; and we have only been here eight years. Is he a handsome man ?' ' Fiir beyond what I ever suppose — perfectly-chiselled features, a sta tuesque face, dark as a Spaniard; but more than that, it is a singular face. Well, Mrs. Wood says he has a beauti ful smile ; but the countenance doesn't look as if anything could lift its proud, stern^loom !' ' They have been a queer, passion ate, haughty race, I believe,' said Dr. Harley, ' but a very ancient and verv fine family \' . J ' 'Well, I don't care what this terrific personage is,' declared Ever ard. ' I shall beard him some time for one of those pups, or else make love to his wife !' ' Much he'll care, you funny cock sparrow,' laughed his father. ' Take carp Sir Philip don't lay his riding whip round your shoulders for your impudence !' ' Nothing like cheek, daddy, for getting along,' returned young world wise, smartly. ' Stop a bit, my boy. You must learn that very great people won't take cheek from very little people. Mamma smiled, and said — ' My boy will learn his lesson in time by experience. Rose, tell me, my love, surely that ancient house and race are not without a ghost to haunt it?' ' No mamma— of course not. There is a ghost and a haunted chamber, feutMrs. Wood did not offer to show it nie, or speak of it. ' All old famil ies have their legends,' she said. So I have no ghost story for you, mamma !' ' . ' Which is a great shame,'' answer ed her mother, shaking her head. Ring the bell, my dear, if we have all finished.' ; And Rose obeyed. ' I wonder,' she thought, ' whether there will be as much happiness at stately Arlington Court as we have in our little Myrtle Lodge ?'' A question, indeed! How little did Rose Harley dream that - the thread of her life was dest ined to be interwoven with that of the proud Sir Philip Vivian ! 