SIIE SHIYE$ ME[ DOWN, It is her husbarnd' Ice which she re members thus viviyl I It is the dread of what he may recktlessly resolve upon saying which infuses the one bitter drop into the ' cup of hope, and joy, and pleasure, and re alisation of the fullest ambition, which she is quaffing now. The most commonplace words of civility take upon themselves the airs of flsttery and favouritism when uttered by royal lips. Lady Ellerdale's cars are still tingling with the gratification caused by the last sentence spoken by H.R.IH. the Duke of-before he left her to secure his next partner, when she sees Lord Ellerdale steering his way towards her with an unwonted look of dis pleasure on his face. 'Have you had an excuse from Mrs. Sal \--toun, Geraldine?' he begins, sharply. SNo,' she says, shaking her head, and hoping that the excitement of the evening will lead him to forego any further questions. SHow is it ? I don't understand it at all,' he goes on, disregarding the anxiety she betrays to get away from him, and play the part of tbiquitous and universally attentive hostess to her distinguished guests. 'I don't understand it at all, and you may as well explain it to me now as later on. How do you account for the Saltoun's absence from the banquet, and for their non appearance here to-night ? You must be able to give a guess at the cause. She tosses her head impatiently. "Really, Ellerdale,' she says, with an as sumption of indignation, 'it is too bad of you to try and distress and upset me to-night of all times, about Mrs. Saltoun. Perhaps I can give a guess as to the cause of their absence, but I don't think it would be well for me to give it just now,' 'But I insist upon you giving it to me now,' he says, in the sternest accents he has ever used to her yet, taking care all the while to keep such a guard over the expression of his face as shall lead his guests to suppose that be is holding the pleasantest converse with the beautifulwoman who has bewitchedI him intoforgetting the conventional respect that was due to the memory of his late wife. 'Well, if you will have it,' she replies, wax. ing rough in speech as she waxes rough in thought-' well if you will have it, they are not here because they were not invited.' His face wears a smile still-for his guests, but she reads the rage clearly in his eyes as he answers: 'It is the last time I shall ever allow you even to see the invitation list, much less to have a hand in making it out, since you have dared to tamper with it; this time, however, all I can do is to see thiat such an apology is made to the Saltouns as will satisfy them.' ' Then it will be made by you, not by me, Lord Ellerdale,' she says, savagely. And he tells her to be quiet, and not to be tray her want of knowledge of the order of society in which he has placed her. 'The rebuke is bitterly hard to bear; the caution as to social distinction galls her hor. ribly, for she feels that though she has grati fied her revenge in cutting and wounding Mrs. Saltoun, that she has damaged her position with Lord Ellerdale irretrievably. It-does.not tend to restore her amiability, when.later on in the evening the servant, who had been the late Lady Ellersdale's "own man," (and whose feelings, therefore, towards the successor of his mistress have never been ofthes kindest) comes to hier, and tells her th~t "a person wants to speak to her lady ship immediately." '* I can see no one to-night,' she says, with almost a stare, that is almtist a glare, at the audacity both of the "person" and the mes senger. T'he servant bows and departs, but in ten minutes he is back again, just as her ladyship is~,aout to start off in a waltz through the maszes of which the royal duke is going to steer her. This time the man looks frightened. It may cost him bis place to arrest his mistress in her triumphal progress, but he has received orders which, somehow or other, he does not dare to dream of disobeying. This.time he amends his phrase. 'Beg pardon, my lady, but the gentleman insisted on this being given to you at once,' and as he speaks, he tenders a sealed enve lope to the Countess of Ellerdale. She takes it off the salver, and crams it into her pocket, and tries to laugh and ex plain to her royal partner, as she again places her hand on his shoulder, that "it is an apology from some local potentate, who pro bably thinksi his absence from the ball will be remarked." '-These people are all so self-important, and so selfish in their conceit, that they think explanations as to their very uninterest ing proceedings are necessary, and delude themselves with the idea that I have time to read: them,' she says, and then fancying that she had covered the little contretemps cleverly, she careers round the room greatly to her own satisfaction, and for the moment forgets Gladys and every other cause of an noyance. But when the dance is over, and she can do so wihbout attracting attention, she steals away to the farthest end of the conservatory, and opensthe envelope. It contains a man's printed visiting card, withlthese words written on it: "You must speak to me to-night; send a line back to me saying when and where. "C. CADOGAN." ' It will not see him, the wretch 1' is her first indignant resolve. But she thinks better of this in a moment and writes on the same card : 'The servant who gives you this will show yeu to the library. She does not sign it, and agitation effec. tually disguises her writing, nor does she ad dress it. She calls the same mat who brought her the card, and tells him to give her answer to the gentleman. Then she adds, looking tbe servant steadily in the face: 'The gentleman is an actor who wants pro fessional help: engaged as I am to night, I can't refuse to give it to him; show him into the library, Richard, and ask bim to wait there for me.' SMuch as she dreads the interview with this -'actor who wants professional help,' the minutes seem leaden winged, until she can creep quietly from the ball-room and msnake her way to the library-the least fre. quernted room in the house. \- Oie readibg-lamp makes a mere spot of light in the large sombre apartment, and for a moment she looks round, half-hoping that he has riot kept the tryst after all. T''his.hbpe is di-pelled in a moment, as a cool juiet voice says in entirLly unembar. rassed, undisturbed tones: 'Wlil, Geraldine, Countess of Ellerdale, let me congratulate you on having gained the top round of the ladder. I was delighted to hear of your daring end success, for I knew that it meant an easier life than I've led for some time for me.' He has 'risen from the easy depths of a reading chair as he speaks, and now he approaches her, revealing himself as he comes more into the light as a handsome, well dressed, reckless-looking man. She does not repulse him, she only shivers as he bends his head and kisses her forehead, At the same time he lifts up her unresisting band, and examines the bracelets on her arm, l'h-n he glances at the collar and coronet of diamonds, and she reads his thoughts. 'For mercy's sake, Charli,, don't think of the dhamtnrds ! They're the El!erdale family js wcls.' -ie laughs. SDon't think I want your jewels, fair lady; I want money; gold, not notes.' 'I will send you all I have to- morrow ; let me,-for pity's sake-let me leave you now, and go away quietly; you don't want to ruin me, do you ?' 'Certainly not; I want money, nothing more; go back to your royal and noble guests, and enjoy their society with this counterbalancing reflection, namely, that if you don't send me the money. I want to. morrow it will be the last time you will be allowed to disport yourself in such aristo cratic company.' SYou shall have every fraction I can lay my hands on,' she says, distractedly. ' 'Oh what a vile wretch you havemade me. How much do you want ?' SA thousand will do for a few months.' 'This can't be,' she says, choking with wrath and fear; 'and at the end of a few months you'll madden me again by a fresh appeal.' 'A thousand I must have to-morrow,' he repeats. 'You shall have it-now go.' ' Not before I have asked you one ques tion; don't be in such a hurry, Geraldine; you haven't seen me for several years; it's bad form to try and cut your-old acquain tance because you've risen in the world. Who have you told your flunky that I am ?' 'An actor, wanting professianal assist ance.' ' That was clever, and prudent. I'm glad you've become prudent in your exaltation. Now, one more question: what has become ofthat woman you used to tell me about with the wonderful name ?' 'Do you mean Mrs. Cardigan ? Her name is Gladys; she's married again and lives close by here.' SMarried, is she ?' The room is so dark that she does not see the supreme effort he makes to control himself, and he has his voice under command as he goes on to ask: ' Who is her husband ? how long has she been married ?' ' Oh, your idle questions madden me, I'm in terror every instant of being missed, and searched for and found with you,' she almost sobs:'? er name is Saltoun, and she's been married eight monthsj; but as you never saw her wbat does it matter to you ? Go, do go.' 'That's where the money will find me to morrow, Lady Ellerdale,' he says sneeringly, giving her an address; it's quite a respectable place, I assure you; you had better bring it yourself, the fewer hands it passes through the better; now I'll release you; keep your promise. Good-bye !' He kisses her on the forehead again as he speaks, and this time she does not bear in patiently. She pushes him from her violently, and asks him furiously how he 'can dare to do that when he knows how she hates him.' Thenext instant she is speeding back to the ball-room, half afraid to enter for fear of remark, and he is lounging leisurely through the hall, quite indifferent to anything but hopeful glances of the assembled multitude of servants. H.R,H. the Duke of-, and the rest of the most important guests staying at Dalesmeet take their departure the next morning, and about three o'clock Lady Ellerdale fancies that she may be able to get away for a drive in her own victoria, accom panied by no one but her servants. She has had a warm controversy with her lord and master on the Saltoun subject in the course of the morning. Sharp words have been bandied between them, and she has adopted the severe British matronly tone for the sake of screen ing herself. , 'She's a married woman, and she flirted atrociously with you; you know best how far the flirtation went, but I will not have her in my house now that I am your wife.' 'You shall not insult her with your base less suspicions;you make me ashamed of you Geraldine.' 'If her happiness and honour are dearer to you than mine already, I must, indeed be on my guard against the serpent,' Lady Ellerdale sobs with assumed violence, for all the time she is in reality utterly indifferent to everything concerning Mrs. Saltoun, and is only racked with anxiety as to when she shall get away with the money she has pro mised to the man who is the incubus of her life. But Lord Ellerdale is seriously and savagely disturbed on the subject of the Saltouns. He dictates a letter of explanation and almost abject apology to Mrs. Saltoun and insists upon its being sent. SIf you don't send it 1'11 go over and carry the apology in person,' he threatens, and to this she acquiesces eagerly, much to his sur prise. ' Do, do go; it will be much more satis factory,' she says, " and go soon, Ellerdale, before other people bave the opportunity of inflaming her mind against me.' 'How you come round,' he says, in as. tonishment. ' Yes, I begin to see that I acted foolishly under-the ir:fluence of jealousy. I will never pay her the compliment of acting so again. I shall be gla5 when you're gone for fear I may retract, and refuse to have anything to do with ber.' 'You're ridiculously inconsistent.' he says, discontentedly, for he really does not wish to go and face Gladys in what he feels sure will be Gladys' present frame of mind. However, he has offered to bear the olive branch, and his wifekeeps him to the letter of his offer. As soon as he hIas ridden away she orders the victoria, sends word to some of her lady guests that she has such a bad neuralgic headache that she thinks a quiet - drive is the only thing to restore her for the evening, collects all the money she can find, writes a cheque for five hundred pounds, and tries to make up the sum her tyrant requires with some old bracelets, rings and brooches. This done she starts offfor the quiet drive, and at the distance of five miles from Dales meet she pulls up at the entrance to a neat looking cottage of gentility that stands back from the road-side in a beautifully kept bigh hedged garden. CHAPTER XXX. Lady Elledale undoubtedly must be in a highly nervous condition. Her legs seem to be crumbling away under her as she walks froom the little entrance gate to the door of the pretty, trim little house. A sudden breeze shivering through the rose-bushes that border the walk on either side causes a sympathetic shivering to possess her whole frame. She is mortally afraid of what she is going to face. She is terror-stricken at the thought of the consequences that may ensue if she declines to face it at all. She is in dread of being seen by anyone who may know her, or by anyone who does not know her, and may inquire about her. Altogether her state is a pitiable one, richly as she deserves all that she is suffering. The door is opened to her by no elderly maidservant who, in answer to her inquiry, '.ys, ' Yes, Mr. Cardosan is in,' and shows her without turther pr.face into his presence. Hie takes all that she has brought bimrn without cmbarrassirrg her by any proluse dis play of gratitude, and as soon as he has satis fied himself that the jewels are worth con siderably more that the sum required to make up the stipulated-for thousand pounds he says to her: 'Now, Geraldine, I will prove my con sideration for you by saying goodbye to you at once, and not permitting you to com promise yourself by remaining here a moment longer now that our business is settled. Drive home as fast as you can, and rest assured that I shall never trouble you again.' 'Ill try to believe you, Charlie, but you have broken so many promises to me,' she saye, bitterly, *Not more to you than I have to other women,' be says, with the air of a man who defends himself against a most unreasonable and unkind accusation. 'You, on the face of it, haven't kept your promise to me very well; but we won't recriminate. Come on ! Yoil ought to be getting bome. I'l walk down to the carriage with you.' They walk down the little gravelpathsilent ly side by side she longing to burst the bond that discretion is binding her in, and reproach him with all acuumlated hatred that is in her heart against him. He quietly puffing away at his cigar, and wishing, with a certain amount of lazy good nature, that she may reach home undetected. He opens the gate, puts her into the victoria, and is about to stand back and raise his hat to her as a partiing salute when the clatter of horses' hoofs in a sharp trot makes them both look up. It is difficult to say which of them, Lady Ellerdale of her strange acquaintance, turns the paler or the two as Mr. and Mrs. Saltoun ride by followed by Vengeance. SWho are they ?' Cadogan asks, recover ing himself quickly, and Lady Ellerdale is answering. *The Saltouns. She was the 'Gladys' I used to tell you about.' Then her words die out in astonishment as she sees the big mastiff give a joyful bark of recognition, and commence leaping and fawning about the man to whom is talking. 'The dog knows you, Charlie,' she says, in her amazement inadvertently calling him by his Christian name before the servapt. I think I had him as a puppy,' Cadogan says, coolly, driving the dog off him. 'I gave him to my man, and I heard be sold him to a lady.' Meanwhile Arch Saltoun and his wife ride on faster than before, 'I wonder who her friend is ?' Arch says, unsuspiciously; 'he doesn't belong to this neighbourhood; one of the men down from London, I expect. I heard that Dalesmeet was so full some of the guests were quartered out in the village, but this is rather far to come; awfully embarrassed she looked at seeing you, Gladys; she must feel that she has behaved atrociously to you.' Gladys has bad time to regain the'mastery over herself during his lengthened address. Still she is glad that the pace justifies her in making her answer brief, I felt.so too.' 'You looked it too, poor girl,' he says, affectionately, ' Hallo I where's Vengeance ? We must pull up for him, the old rascal has lagged behind with Lady Ellerdale.' 'Turn back and whistle him up, I won't have even my dog show polite attention to Lady Ellerdale in my presence,' Gladys says, trying to laugh aind speak lightly. When Arch, in obedience to her request, rides back for the dog, she takes her bat off and as she hurriedly wtpes a brow which is clammy, from the effects of something besides heat, she mutters to herself: 'Is it his ghost, or his twin brother, or Heaven defend me --is it himself alive ?' In two or three minutes, Arch, followed by the dog, came back to her. ' What do you think ?' Arch says, as he rejoins her, and they ride on slowly together. ' Your.faithful Vengeance has been false tor once, he was jumping about that strange fellow. It would have been more excusable if he had stayed with his old friend, Lady Ellerdale.' Gladys is so bowed down by terror of some thing with which she does not dare to grapple that she makes no answer. *Then the dog knows him ? Vengeance never left me for anyone else in the world,' she thinks, and a spasm of such regret and sorrow, for Arch, as has never before agonised her heart, almost stops it beating now ? But she must not give way yet. The time to act has come; feeling must be deferred until action is useless. Back at the cottage garden gat!e, the stranger, Mr. Cadogan, still stands looking up the road along which these two fair women have passed out of his sight. His record is not an unpleasant one apparently, for-he laughs as he says to himself: 'By Jove I 1 didn't think that it was given to any daughter of Eve to show such discre tion; these two women have been devoted friends and are now deadly foes; through it all they bave each kept their secret from the other. Geraldine hasn't a suspicion that I've ever seen Mrs. Saltoun before to day, and as fhr poor Gladys, whatever she may think after witnessing the conjunction of Veous and Mars here just now, she'll keep the peice for the sake of her position. I have managed as untamable a pair of she-demons as were ever harnessed magnificiently.' Within the hour Mr. Cardogan is on his way by a fast train to town, and Mrs. Saltoun is telling Britton, as coherently as shle can, what she has seen durirg her ride, and what the sight will drive her to do. She has made her plan quickly with the calmness of desperation, and Blitton being unable to suggest a better one, and realismg fully the danger and disgrace which may overtake her mistress if any obstacles are put in the way of the carrying out of the scheme, is compelled to agree to further it to the best of her (Britton's) ability. ' We go up to town tomorrow, Mrs. Sal toun says1 rapidly; 'don't ask me why or wherefore, and when we arein town you must help me to think of what will be the heat thing to do for Arch Saltoun. Poor fellow, poor fellow I his has been such a noble, open life, and I have come in and dispersed it. We musn't mind what comes to her now, we must save his name and honour as far as we can.' She speaks quickly, but not excitedly. For the first time Britton realises that to her mistress the weal of 'another" is paramont. SHow shall we get the master's leave for you to go?' is Britton's next timid remark, and Gladys answers with sad audacity: 'Trust me for getting that; mestaying in town the other day with his sister has paved the way formy going again,- and you must help me by leaving me alone.' ' Business in London again, Gladys?' The speaker is Arch Saltoun. 'Yes, business in town again so- soon; a peace congress has been arranged; my own people and Captain Cardigan's people are to meet, and I am the bond of union; don't ask me to tell you how it will all be till I know myself, It is hard enough to go at all; let me go without a dedicationary word from you,' Shall I go with you ?' Oh I Arch, no,' she says, shudderlngly; 'if they saw you-if they say me. happy and at peace with you, they would be harder on me than they will be if they see me alne, and don't realise what sort :f man you are; after this I prsmise you rh.re will be no more diplomatismts. When I corme b:?ck we will sail together over a smosth se', and I will never look out for sunken rocks or breakers ahead; precautions against nothing have been the bane of my life. ' If you come back, Gladys I' ' Well, dear, I may die; the best as well as the worst women do die, you know; we are all compelled to pay that common debt whatever we maybe,' CHAPTER XXXI. 'Arch, if I do die, what a relief it will be to you,' continued Gladys. 'You talk'horribly I' said Arch. 'Perhaps I do-I feel' horrible' at leaving Friars Court; promise me whatever comes that you will keep a paddock and a kennel for Steel Grey and Vengeance ?' 'My wife I you shall not leave me in this despairing mood,' he says, passionately. ' I will go with you--' She interrupts him by shaking her head in a way that shows him that she does not mean to entertain his proposition for a moment. 'What is your objection to my going ?' he asks, anxiously; 'you surely can't wish your family to suppose that you have narried a man you're ashamed of introducing to them ?' 'Arch, that is too ridiculous a suggestion for me even to attempt to combat it; I wish to go alone because it I decide upon making it up with my family 1 will concede this to them, that they shall have a full explanation of that conduct of mine which they deem so mysterious. Now they are my own kith and kin after all, and I fancy it will be easier for me to be candid and humble in my dealings with them if I am left alonethan if you were present. You see I want to shine as a star before you still, and a star should never confess to mistakes, even if it makes a few. Britton will be with me, and Florence is in town to look after me. What more can you require, my lord and. master ?' 'In dealing with a lady I cannot 're quire'I can only state my wishes, though that lady is my own wife,' Arch says, and there is something chivalrous in his tone and words that strikes a responsive chord in her heart in spite of herself. She mhust cavrl or she will sfibmit, she feels, and to submit will not only be supine on her part, but ruinous to her plan. '* Though I am your own wife,' Arch I Why do you condescend to use these clap trap, old world, used-up, idiotic, conventional phrases ? You start by stating that 'in dealing with a lady' you can only do so-and so, and then you go on. to take credit to yourself for not dealing less chivalrously with me because I am 'your own wife.'- Do you mean to imply that the mere fact of my having become 'your own wife' is suffi cient cause why I should forfeit the con sideration due from-you as a gentleman to me as a lady ?' In his own mind Arch thinks-.. ' Gladys wants a row, just for the sake of making me say by way of apology that I am glad she is going up to town, and de lighted that she finds any amusement she can apart from me; but I don't feel it, and I won't say it.' SCome, Arch,' his wife resumes, .seeing him both sad and silent; 'listen to reason. My last visit to town . brought about a pleasant friendship.that will last as long as I live, .. I hope -- between:.ytir ,sisteit and yourself. ..Supeposiog ttii?'second visit brings about fraternal intercourse between my sisters (who must be sweet in deed if my memory does not play me false) and you ? Anyhow, I'm going to make the trial, and I'm going to make it in my own way.' - She bends her wistful face towards him as she speaks-that face which, harassed as it is at the present moment, is still the most charming one that Arch Saltoun's eyes have ever sought. The 'mostcharming one be can ever see,' he feels, and he kisses it rap turously. And with that kiss the agreement to her going to London with Britton for her sole companion is sealed. She spends several hours of this day in sorting and rearranging her jewel bbxes. Considering how brief a period of time she means to spend in London, she shows al most exaggerated interest in separaiting the Saltoun family jewels and heirlooms from those which were given to her by Arch on their marriage. Everything that belongs in the remotest degree to the family she leaves behiede Everything that is her own without doubt she takes. Among these latter are some of sufficient beauty and value to make the lustre of the Saltoun heirlooms pale. - Diamonds for which a Peri might have wept; rubies for which loyal hearts might have bled, and pearls fit to grace the-brow of that peerless queen of romance and song, Mary of Scotland, are among the brilliant treasures which are packed and padlocked with scih?risulous care in a fire- proof travelling jewel case. 'I'm taking the prettiest things I have wherewith to bother and beguile those people of mine who have been so long in coming' to their repentant senses,' sheb says to her husband in response to his look of amused amazement as he surveys her travelling gear; "but though I am taking the prettiest inanimate things I have, I'm leaving the most dearly loved animate ones behind me; promise me that while I'm away io other -woman shall ride Steel Grey, and be kind to Vengeance ?' '.I don't know another woman who could ride Steel Grey, and if I meet with such a female phenomenon in the course of the next few days, I will tell her that Steel Grey is sacred to you,' Arch says, lightly. Gladys looks at him thoughtfully for a few moments, then she 'says: 'My poor little mare; Arch, 'if I ever knew thst another woman had ridden Steel Grey, I should wish that'woman's neck broken; keep him sacred to me, and may Vengeance bite everyone who tries to win his allegiance-from me.' Aain Arch laughs. It all seems so peurile to him, this jealousy of the love of horse and dog. 'Vengeance gave his allegiance to a stranger yesterday,' be says, and she inter rupts him to beg that he will not try to make her 'believe that a dog can be as weak bearted and fickle as a man.' It is not to the Dumorests' house that Gladys wends her way this time, weary and heart-sore as she is by the time she reaches town; she takes the trouble to drive about and search for comfortable, but obscure, lodgings. Finally she finds just such rooms as are suited to her present purpose, in a district that is'as unfashionable as it is respectable, and having secured them she returns to the Great Western Terminus and telegraphs to her husband. 'Arrived safely, going at once to Florence -Possibly you may hear from one of us to* morrow, but probably not.' That gives me one day free,' she says to herself as she drives back to the dreary, re spectable, unfashionable lodgings, 