The pci-soual ehasLiscmeufc -vhioh Dr. O'ffai'H, tlie eminent Melbourne sur geon, recently inflicted upon the well known Q.C., Mr J. L. Purves, again unugd proimuenuy under notice tue frequent abuse oJ' professional liberty to which a certain class of cross examining counscl are addicted. The evil has become notorious, and it is by no means confined to tlie city in which this latest fracas arising out of it has taken place. -It is a matter with which thoso huvinj* business Ix'fure Tftfimanian Courts are hy no means nufamilinv. Here, sis in Victoria, wc have men of the Purves stamp, who have only failed to become equally notorious because their more restricted practice does not afford them equal opportunities of attaining to tbe same questionable eminence. Tlie disposition is eyistent, but tlie scope for its exercisc is more limited, and the noxious growth of the bad habit has not become so rankly luxuriant as in Victoria. Still, when the chance offers, the same scandalous niehods are too often indulged, and it is high timctliat public cpiuion strongly ranged itself against a pntoticc that is , a disgrace to the legal profession and a j scandal to our administration of justice. I The ordinary amenities of civilised life require that in our tocial intercourse I certain subjects shall be treated with respect. Prominent among t^esfe Are a man's h$neety ftttd ft tfttiiiaJl'A hbQor. Wheii , either is lightly Impeached caiise is given for such indignant re sentment that, though legal remedies Rre provided, tbe manwh'o takes Mb defence into his own hand is Bure m common sympathy. ThenisitnotmonstrouBthat the moment a man or woman steps into a witness-box where, in the pre sence of a Judge presiding over a Court of justice, they should be most assured of protection, the honor of the one and the chastity of the other be come the common sptirt Of any pro fessional blackguard who may 'be paid to become their asperser ? This puts the matter strongly, but still only plainly states what is within '.general knowledge. It iB iu no way over drawn, and a recent proof iB to be fouud in the remark of Judge Hol royd, who presided over the Dutton divorce suit in Melbourne, that in his cross- examination the counsel for the respondent had treated the witnesses *' as though every man were a liar and every woman a harlot.*1 ' Counsel pleaded his duty to his client, but it is nigh time that tberight so shamefully and wantonly to asperse others in the discharge of this supposed duty should be rigidly circumscribed. A Court of jus tice should throw the strong Bhiela of its protection over every upright per son who has business before it. A man or woman should there be as safe from insult as in a church, Yet so outrageous 1ms this practice beconte, that there is hardly a woman Of fcuj tilre, tefiueiltetlt, spotless life, or ordi nary sensibility in the whole commu nity who would not rather suffer grierous wrong than submit to thei ordeal of cross-examination by one bf I theSti legal libertines in an attempt to i obtain redress. So general is this rule that it may be safely said scarcely a Magistrate or Judge in Tasmania but would so counsel his wife or female relative rather than allow her t-o run the risk of the indignities to which she ruight be subjected. In this general matter, wc take it) there are two classes chicfly to blame. First, the blackguard counsel wnom it nas been found necessary to brand 4- gentle man ' by Act of Parliament, because by no other possible process could he establish a claim to the title. Secondly, the Judges and Magistrates, who having before them these paid aspersers of character, by the law dubed ' gentle- 1 men,1' do not as the administrators of the law see that they, at any rate in outward seeing, answer tbeir legal warranty. The neglect to do this reflects very seriously on the Bench, and when the Judge in the Dutton case reprehended counsel for his method of cross-exagiination, it is fair to say that he reflected as much npon himself as upon the licensed libertine whom he had permitted to treat every man as a liar and every woman as a harlot. He interfered when the out rage became so gross as to make its further toleration impossible, but not until the remark as above had been fully justified. So Judge Hodges, in summing up, adversely commented upon the insinuation by counsel that Dr. O'Hara had been paid £1000 for an illegal ojwration ; but in both cases the outrages had l)ecn perpetrated in open court without let or hindrance, except as first stated. Judge Hodges referred to the Purves statement as a change unsupported by a tittle of evilcnce, and as one into which counsel had been led by personal animosity to the witness. The simple fact was that Dr. O'Hara had charged 500gs for his professional Bervioes in the case then oefore the Court. In reply to the objection from Mr Purves that it was a very high fee, Dr. O'Hara 6aid he had received as much as lOOOgs for one night's work, and in his address to the jury Mr Purves stated that the doctor had not told them whether this high fee was received for a legal or an illegal operation. Dr. 0THara applied to lus solicitor, and was told that for this infamous asporsion upon his profes sional character tjiere was no redress, as the utterance was privileged, and he therefore took the matter into his own hands. But is it not a shameful and a scandalous thing that such proceed ings arc tolerated by those whose business on the judgment seat it i6 to ensure that the rights of everyone shall be respected, and how can this be done when by an buse of privilege permitted by the Court honest men may be thus assailed as scoundrels, aud respectable women as wantons ? Let it be distinctly under stood that nothing herein contained is intended to reflect except upon the pariahs of the legal profession, who for the sake of a few sovereigns are content to sell themselves to this dirty work. ! For them we hold no epithets of con- 1 tempt and abhorrence can be too strong, but it is gratifying to know that they do not characterise the pro fession. They are the fungoid growth attached to and deriving from a healthy | stem of which they are tbe blemish. 1 The profession itself may claim as its projjer representatives such men as Sir John Madden in Victoria, and Mr Alfred Dobson in Tasmania, who are in themselves evidences that in this, as in every other walk in life, the -roost honorable positions are reserved for the most honorable gentlemen. Both have had a long experience at the bar. Both have preserved reputations as gentle men not less courteous in their pro fessional than in their social capacities. Both arc types of the great majority of those at the bar, and in their eminence alwvc the scurrilous pettifoggers they serve to show how, even horn a pro fessional standpoint, their methods are the more succeesful. For the others, we claim that in the general interest the Bench should interpose its authority to keep them within founds, and, fail ing this, that figuratively, if not literally, tlie common sentiment of justice should on the occasion of each olTence place in every honest hand a whip, to lash the rascals naked through the world. The exposure of the spiritualistic swindle referred to in the Sydney tele grain elsewhere appearing will come as a sad blow to that sectiun of the Psychic Iieseareh Society which has adopted the re-materialisation fad. Yet the results only follow a well marked course, want ing in any charm of novelty. It is not much more than twelve months ago since an exactly similar exposure took place in Wellington, New Zealand. The medium, or ' sensitive,' to uBe the term adopted hy the latest jargon, was detected by precisely similar means, and when the aid of a police magistrate was called in to mightily avenge those wfco had been imposed upon he bluntly refused. Instead, he hela that hy their own easy gullibility the swindled Had been parties to their.o^n deception, and that if people would lie4 sb' egregiouajy cjreduldus they had.no right to expect that theOourt would protect'them from the consequences of their own folly: Still, thdugb exposed i^ one plaoe; thi deception was incoessfuUy continued in another, aijd, read by the light of the after event, there is something grotesquely ludicrous about the manner iu which the mysterious doings of Mrs Mellon, in Sydney and elsewhere, have been publicly discussed. To this subject the first number of the new Sydney imagasine Voemot de Votes a long article entitled ' Psychic Force,' by Dr. Charles McCarthy, M.D., ana if any deduction can .be safely drawn from his literary style the writer is a firm, honest believer in sll he has there written. . And this. 'is what he has to say about Mrs Mellon: — I have in my possession at least elcyen good photographic negatives of human forms materialised in full daylight, under most stringent conditions, through Mrp Hellon,o£ gydney, who is regarded as one of the bestJ materialising psychics in tbe worla.; The] last of these seances — one of & series .of special tests — has been Bworn to by, the witnesses, by the psychic, and by rn.V8elf.l6o successful an effort at antagonising the . effcct of light necessitated an exceedingly great expenditure of forcc on the part of this remarkable ladv, who could never have 60 well succeeded if she had not aiding ber; a thoroughly harmonious circle from which' to draw additional power. The effort, sub-, conscious though it was, at antagonising'the effcct of daylight on theee occasions, was found by me, .on immediate medical e£ amination, to h&vc.had; a .very exhausting effect on the sensitive, who, on one occasion, all but fainted subsequently ; but to this exhaustion was superadded shock 3rom sudden, devolution or collapsing of the materialised iorm, through a too bright light, and tbe consequent sudden retro cession of. the psychic's body of evolved material. This latter was also well demon strated to me, more especially in the last test photographic.'Seance in my house, Mrs Mellon having been searched previously, ae sworn to. It happened as follows : — Sub- sequent to the exposure of one of the photo graphic plates intended to catch an im pression of one of thoee forms known as ' G* ordie,' together with Mrs Mellon -on the same plate, it was desired that Giordic should show bimeelL (I may mention in order that the disintegrating effcct of staring at a figure should not be superadded to .that of foil light, wc kept our backs to the cur taincd rtcess, but a mirrof wn6 surrep titiously employed, through which two of our number distinctly recognised, as also sworn to, both Mrs Mellon and the material ised form getting into position for the photograph. The former, whose head, with closed eyes, visible pver GeoTdie's shoulder, was noticed to stir,. or rather jt rk, at the instant of exposure. This waB sub sequently verified by the photographs.) Gcordie announced in his own deep voice that he would do as desired. Wc then all looked direct ; he pulled tbe curtain apart, snowed himself for a few seconds, and tucn disappeared. At that instant Mrs .Mellon was heard to cry out for somebody to come to her, as she felt very weak. I immediately rushed over. Gcordic, whom wc had all seen a few seconds before, was gone; Mrs Mellon I found in a state of violent spasmodic tn mor and scini»colla} sc. Her bands, both of which I caught in mine f'r the purjx- se of resuscitation through contact, were cold and clammy, her face was livid, her facial expression was pinchcd and haggard, her head dropped on her chc6t, the body waB bent forward ; the attitude, lividity, expression, semi -convulsive tremor, low surface temperature and coudition of pulse taken* then (120 per minute, with marked reduction in force and volume), being distinctly indicative of an abnormal state induced by the threefold combination — shock, exhaustion, and disturbance of nerve-balancc — such a condition (from which on other occasions she docs not suffer) having evidently been produced by the radidly disintegrating effect on the materialised form of bright light, in this instance combined with direct staring, and the consequent sudOep reception by the psychic of the disintegrate.! material -which primarily came from her body. The article is illustrated with the spirit-prototype of ' Geordie ' and Mrs Mellon, as Mr Stead's book ' More Ghosts,' produced by that literary Sir Pandaros to excite any unhealthy sensation which would bring pence to his purse, was illustrated , by the spirit photograph of 4- Sissy ' and Mrs Mellon taken in Newcastle. Yet it all resolves itself into' a gross fraud, which the ' sensitive ' worked by some- ' what clumBily doubling the characters of material medium and materialised spirit. Evidently the re- materialised' spiritualistic Topsy did not 'retro-, cess' into the psychic's body with sufficient celerity on this last occasion, nor could tbe 'evolved' material of Geordie's black beard get itself ' devo luted ' fast enough to escape distraint en rouic. The process was swift enough to dodge Dr. M4Carthy's detection, but Mr Henry was, most unfortunately for Mrs Mellon, a little smarter. In one pas sage of his article Dr. M'Carthysays: — 'With all my experience of these hidden wonders, tending as- they do to revolu tionise in me aiid uproot many 6trpng and apparently well-grounded scientific opinions, old scepticism will sometimes crop up, and I ask myself, Can such things be ?' His answer should .now ] be plaiu that, however much there may be in heaven and earth nndreamt of iu our philosophy, only the over-credulous dupe, anxious to be deceived, will put faith in re-materialised spirits who , sit or stand for very bad photo- j graphs. I An Attbactive Proobamme. — Attention is called to the strong programme offerrcd on tlie occasion of the farewell dramatic and mueical entertainment to Horr and Madume Mubert, ai the Academy of Muhic, on Tues day evening. In addition to a mo6t at tractive conccrt, the hill of fare will ineludc the balcony scene from 11 Romeo and Julici.' and the ghost sccnc from ' Hamlet.' Tlic60 bcenes will be given in chamcter, and with the incidental scenery and music. Another stirring item will be Lord Byron's ' Fiild of Waterloo,' with the battle music. Mr Fred Ferguson will sing Pinsuti's greatest compo sition ' The Bedouin's love song,' and Mr Savigny is to introduce two Dew comic ditties, both fr^sh from London. Miss Ida Cos and Mr B. A. M'Eachern will afco contribute to the concert. The l-ox plan is nowopiu at Messrs. A. W. Birchall ami Sons'. The City Tastes.— In hard times the tax collector rarely meets with the success which bis labors warrant, and after rcp- aud applica tions for the pa; me-nt of dm', he has to go away unsatisfied. Persistency has bctn of no avail, at least f'uring the- past few months, and the collector is loth to take the extreme measure of suing or the Oorjjora tion rights. As it .is imperative Dial the Council shall have money to carry on i he work it has to do, the limit of fori-earHnce has bron rmrhed at last.. Final instruc tions have now been given tn the Pummnninp officrr. who has rerr-ivrd authority to i*sni (he blue paper wiihout stint, and so obtain the amounts owing with the accrned cosi6. The first batch of these unpleasant -:ocu- incuts Hill number something like 200, and ther* arc more to follow. Ratejuycrs who have not paid, and who can, should lot-i; no further time iu meeting the Municipal demands. Tasmanian Apples at the Cape.— Some week6 ago a Southern contemporary learned through Mr Morrisby, jun., eon of Mr Taeman Morrisby, of Ravens Jale, , Glenorchy, that a consignment of Tasmanian apples had arrived at the Cape in a rotten condition, otherwise they would have fuelled a good price. Since then Mr F. F. Butler, of South Glenorchy packed u quantity of apples with the spccial care which he usually observes, and fomnrde 1 1 1 c n by a friond to the Capo, where they arrived In the pink of condition, and realised a v. ry batibfactory price. Part of the consignment found its way to Go^ernro-:nl Hons* at the Ca.pc, and the applet were grtatly admired. ^Dhe Battle of Trafalgar.— A^obgcg- pondent writes:—1 On October of the greatest naval battles of the century was fought and won ,by British sailors, and of the many brilliant Victories recorded in '.the naval history of Great Britain no otller -Qan vie with that of Trafalgar, the immediate effcct of which was to annihilate two power ful tfcets at a most critical juncture, arid the after effects of this great battj? were cren. more intent 6till, for It gaye, frceli courage and ' cneigy when sadly needed to, other great Powers of Europe who ; at that period had gone down one after .the other iindl the. whole continent was at the mercy .of Napo leon. As a crowning triumph the invasion of England was to he atpnee carriijffput, for which purpose the plans and neccssary material were all ready, together with a large army, which had for sdme time pre* .viously been encamped at .Boulogne ready for crossing the Channol. Histrfry relates that — 'After a series of milita^f triumphs which had defeated all the schemes of the ^English Cabinet, and laid the continent, of Europe at the -feet of Napoleon, , he resumed his project for 'the inva sion of England; but, fortunately, the meaQ6 ou which he relied for that purpose, Were wrested from him by thu splendid viotory gained by Lord Nelson and the British fleet near Cape Trafalgar. This crowning victory put an end to flic project for the invasion of England, and compelled Napokon to limit his field of operations to the continent of Europe.' In England the joy of victory was saddened by the death of Lord Nelson, who was shot at the close of the action, and the account of this states^— V There was not a man who did not think that the life of the ' Hero of the Nile' was too! gn at a price to pay for the destruction of a French and Spanish fleet.' In regard .to the last moments of the gallant Nelson, he is stated to. have said—' 1 know 1 am dying, and 'could have wished to breathe my last on British ground, but don't let them throw mc overboard ; tell Hardy to carry me home.' This was in allusion to the fact that his secretary, Mr Scott, had just before been shot down .by his side, and was thrown over* boajrd, having been killed, by a -;hain shot which ciit him asunder. Just bcfotedpcgiu ning the battle, Lord Nelson is stated- to have said to Captain Harilyand the officers who surtQundtxi him on the -quarter-deck — ' Now th-ar. cannot escape us ; I think wc shall at last 'make sure of At least twenty of their shibsj.l Shall probably los-i a leg, but that will be ? purchasing a victory cheaply.' It was at this time, too, that the great Admiral sent up bis last signal to the fleet—-' Eng land, expects every man will 4o his duty.' Couvtby Hospitality. — The residents of the country districts are, . as a rule, ever ready to dispense a liberal hospitality to visitors, and the city folk always appreciate such' hearty evidences of goodwill. On Wednesday afternoon last the gentlemen Qjmprifting the Hon; H- 1; Kdoke^a party to Lilrdale were made very sjnsible of. the lavfsh style of unctetentatlous kindness dis played on the part of one of the leading residents of that important district*. When Mr Bookc arrived at Lilydale no prepara tions were made for his. reception, but Mr G. Sulzberger, watching-from his private residence, baw the conveyance enter the township. He at once hastened to intercept the vehicle, and after an exchange of greet ings he invited the whole party to his homestead. After a quiet rest Mr 6ult- 1 beiger accomi- anied the party, and, acting ae guide, he pointed out the several points of iutercst to his gucets. Upon returning to the house an adjournment was made to the dining-room, where Mrs Sulzberger, ae hostess, disncneed a variety of wholesome i farf. It almost goes without saying that I the.party was corajvoeed of hungry men, but I even those who under ordinary circumstan | ccs have but poor ap}-ctitcs could not resist the toothsome dishce, and a general run took 1 place On excellent home-made commodities, for which Mrs Sulzberger is naturally famous. Be-fore 1 aving for the return journey, Mr John Tynan, on behalf of the quests, heartily thanked Mr and Mrs Sulc beiger for their kindness in haviug so liberally entertained them. District Nub&iko; Committee. — The monthly meeting of the Launceston District Nursing Association was held at the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday. Present — Mr W. Barnes (chairman), Mrs J. Bar clay, Mrs J. H. Flexman ; Messrs. Holmes, J* fiteubcnsoQ, and H. Wccdon. and the secretary. An apology for non-attendance was received from Miss Milne, llie nurse's j report showed that she had paid 471 visits j In she four weeks ending October 18, and ' that the sick of aU ages and ve-ry various 1 .ailments bad received her .ministrations. , She would be glad to know of any persons ' who would be willing to supply comforts to the sick. The following contributions re ceived by iiatients during the last month arc . thankfully acknowledged :— Milk.and wood, | from Mrs Aliom ; food, from ,Mrs Olsen ; boots, from Dr. Guttcridge. i \- A Scene in Coubt.— A scene of a very lively and at the same time of an unusual nature occurred in the City Police Court yesterday, Mr G, C.Gilmoro, who ap- 1 pearcd for the defendant, asked a witness in cross - examination whether any complaints bod been made as to the kind of house his client kept, The witness, who was a constable, answi red, '.Lots.' Mr 4Hbnore asked him to name those who had made complaints. Tbe witness refused to do 80, and the Police Magistrate told him he need not answer unless' he wished to do so, as the Bench did not think the question or answer material to the issue. Mr Gilmore insisted on an answer, and quoted from Roscoc to support his contention. The P.M. fiUU allowed tbe witness to answer or not as ; tic pleased. Counsel became irate, and said I that as His Honor overruled Koscoe he had ; better write a law book of his own. Later ' on Mr Gilmore remarked sarcastically, ' I : don't presume to question your opinion on a point of law, your Honor.' Ak Ebbing Husband. — A little drama with a large amount of application, at least for one individual, was enacted at .the corner of York and Tamar etriet6 about 8 o'clock on Thureday evening. The principal characters were a newly married couple and a married man known in con nection with certain lodges of the city. The prelude showed that the bride had been pes tered with tbe attentions of the individual in question; who wa6 always urging the pleasure of an appointment. The young wife complained to the husband, who* after thuikiug the matter over, arranged that his spouse should agree to an appointment and keep it. The plan succcedi-d. Tlie meet ing pJace was at tbe corner of York and St. John streets. The male pro{io6:d a walk, and led off up York-street, and progrcsecd favoiably until a shady spot in ar Tamar streei corner was reached, when tlie tragedy began by the announcement of the husband. That individual required no cue. but rushed in and Iwlaboren the amorous one until he wah forced to cry for protection. Then shorn of half of his coat and bereft of hi6 hat. the Benedict, who had 6howed an incli naUonJo stray from -family affections was allowed to proccoel to his house, there to find his tattered garments corroborate the tale which had preceded him. Thai* Mem. — Mr Justioc Dodds, who Re turned from the North- Wist Coast yesterday, was a passengi r to Hobart by the express in the afternoon. Accident at thu State School — a fori of Mr A. Anderson, manager of the Tasmanian Soap arid Candle Factory, met with a painful mishap yestirday. While j()a;,iug on the hard paved yard surrounding the State School be slipped and fell, 6ue taining injuries to hie leg. which, however, ; arc not thought to be of a very serious nature. The Kocleston Boad— Superintendent! Armstrong, of tbe Selby Police, has rc- ' cently received several complaints from the West Tamar lloai 2'ru6t its to the manner in which iho tabln -drains on ihe Ecclcston road wrrc damaged by the traffic. Constable Leslie was put on to watch, and five persons were summoned for tlamoging the road. They etated that they had done so, but it was impossible to use the , centre of tlie road owing to ita disgraceful | eoinJitfoD, which made it daugerouri to their horses. This statement was borne out by Constable- , Leslie. At the Police Court \ esterday the police magistrate eugg- sted to the 6upcrintende nt that, under the circum stances be might withdraw the informations. He agreed to do so, believing that they had s.rved tb'.ir purpose in drawing 'intention to the dangerous state of the roads. Doubtless the' West Tamar Boad Trust -.will take the liiui aud improve the roads. Bajtd Concert. -- Tbe Garrison Band, under Bandmaster Harrison, occupy the stand in the City Park to-morrow evening.' The programme will iuolnde : — Doniiciti's '-Lindadi Cbamounix,' ' Moses,' wLa Croix (ii Geneve,' u Lombardi,' and hymn, ' Bock of Ages,' music by Mr B. A. Nicholas, of fit. John-street, being a splendid re-setting of this grand old b;-m.n . Christian .^MMULypBBBs.' r-r -The si.' Gratenhlal'^r&ro;^^nSnfeVfiver '-euarsioD to Bosevears, i-elng chartered by the local Societies of Christian Endeavor with -a view of giving the revisiting members an opportunity orj^ng^e-b^utieB^pf thc. Btver Trtmsrr f ini-espfct to weather, the afternoon was '-ul that could be - wished for, and the trip was nutoheojoyed. The steamer left the wharf at 2*10 p m. With about 960 people on board* i While atf Bosevears. the i president of the union, Hr J. Hacfarlanc, j and the Bey. K. Harris; addressed those pre* sent. The excursionists left for the city at j £*15 p.m., arriving at the wharf at 6*85 p.m] While on tho way up and down the river several Endeavor hymns were song by thopc onboard. .; {l; ^ The Figure Seven.— The curious way tn which the career of -President Oarnot was connected With the|flgurc 7 is a matter of eome discussion ''among the superstitious. They have discovered that he Wad Jwrn in 1SS7, was admitted to the Ecole Polvtech nique in 11557, Was elected by virtue of Article 7 of tho Constitution to the office of President cf the fiepublic in 1867, was as sassinated at the 'age of 67 years, in the seventh year of his 'Presidency, in a-oarriage containing seven persons (four 'inside and three outside, a coachman and two footmen) on the seventh day of the week by an Italiau (a word of seven letters) framed -Oascrlo also formed of seven letters. Finally, he was borne in triumph to the Pantheon on the first day of the seventh month of the year, seven days after his death. St. Leonabdb. — Our , correspondent writes : — One or two slight errors . occurred in my last communication. On the subject of tlocal marriage celebration I referred to Messrs. George and Harry Shaw as having taken, unto themselves partners. The former name'Was given by 'slip of the pen, aU it should have read Charles. — lue uiituaay celebration referred to in the same commu nication should have read as that of .' Mr Thos. Smith,' not Mrs.— fBy the way, I notice that a correspondent w^io described a trip to the Burn's Creek goldfield, If not advo- . eating the Evandale route as the 'best, went Very near saVitjg.so, . Let me invite' him on his next trip, ttfjtafce the Journey yla Bt. Leonards, &&ci; he will'flnd the read not only a pood one but much shorter by . several miles. Dbowkiko Case at Swakbea. — A sad ease of drowning occurred at Swan sea on Thursday (says the Mercury') about midday. A man named Henry Young, sail ing in the fishing smack Spin, had occasion to bring a net to 6hore, leaving his dingey moored to the jetty. Nothing more was seen of him, but very shortly afterwards the dingey was noticed floating out to sea, ? and as some of Young's clothe^ and the net were found on the end of the jetty it is con jectured that the boat,. being insecurely tied, ! had broken away, and he had jumped in after it And was drowned. The alarm was quickly given, and another boat was at onoe manned and went to the rescue; The dingey was soon recovered, but though the bay wa* dragged up till late in the afternoon Young's body was not found. Esfobt of Timbeb.— The Premier has received a communication from one of the Ulverstone sawmillcrs in reference' to the employment of limber from this colony in London for paving purposes, tbe writer (says the Merevry) expressing hi6 intention of despatching a cargo On his own account, to supplement that eent from the South of the colony. Sir Edward Braddon has re plied, recommending him to send a lot of red myrtle, which is the same as the New Zealand birch, the virtue of which is already 'established by its use in the manufacture of butter and ale casks. In default, of any despatch coming from the Agent- General, the Premier will s^nri bim another message to-day, inquiring what progress has been made with the negotiations for the order for the shipment of string*.* \\*j\Tk, referred to in his cablegram of last week. Mcs^f^fiatton and Laws, chemists, draw attention' to the great herbal remedy, 'Vitadatio,' which has wrought such won ders for the cure of Bright's dis?a«e, rheu matism, vliver and kidney troubles, and other ailments.' M'Kay, Sampson, and M'Kinlay, the direct importers, Brisbane-street, announce by ad vertisement that they are showing a full range of the newest goods in all departments, purchased direct from the manufacturers, which they are offering *t lowtat cash priccs with special discount. We have received frsm Messrs. A. W. Birchall and Sonstlic Young Ladies1 Journal for November. Castley Bros., in our advertising columns, beg to draw attention to their cheap 'stock of groceries, also a1 special line of fresh butter. J At Dunning'* realisation sale large ship ments of new goodB in various departments are all thrown in^witb the current stock. At Sutherland1!* Imperial Boot and Shoe Emporium, Brisbane-street, gents', ladies', and children's boot 6 arc soled at cheap rates. Ketch Wave sails for Boobyalla on Mon dov night. Messrs. W.iT. Bell and Co., Limited, will sell by auction, on the premises, the whole of tbe balance of Messrs. Irvine and M'Eachern's stock of groceries and oilmen's stores. Mr Da Dasael notirt s he is selling boots at cheap rates at 110 Elisabeth-street. M ssrs. J. M'Lennan and Sons have farm see's and mangold seeds of their own growth for sale. Mr F. G. Cutts, draper, ' The . Granite Pillars,' Brisbane-street, publishes a list of cheap lines. 