TUE 4ttempt made by Conservatives and freetraders to confuse protective duties with "high " or " prohibitive " duties is simply an invention of the enemy, and should be regarded as such by all sensible men. The people who foist these opinions are, in nearly every instance, freetraders pure and simple, and they hope to get the thin end of the freetrade wedge in by advocating a reduction of the duties. If they suc ceed in the initial attempt they will agitate' for still further . reductions until the freetrade fad is dventnally accomplished.. .We are not-.`"high" or " prohibitive " tariff advocates, and object to be classed under this cate gory. We are protectionists, and be lieve in protecting the colony's indus tries. But we ask all reasonable men -What earthly use would a protective duty be-that is, a duty put on to foiter industries-unless it did its work effectually. If it was not high enough to do this it might as well not be put on at all. 'When a duty is conclusively proved to be too high or oppressive, we say reduce it to its legitimate limit. Theh, and not till then. It is all rot people arguing about duties on articles which they know nothing about being too high. Let them deal with those in which they are properly versed. New Zealand and New South Wales are held up as examples of moderate duties, the first named especially, yet what do we find ? That the people of New Zea land, although the maximum is 25 per cent, pay more per head of the popu latioh than Victoria. The same re mark applies to freetrade New South Wales. The following figures will show: Customs Revenue Paid Per Head. New Zealand - . .. .. ...X2 9 8 New South Wales :.;- ... 1 4 1 Victoria ... ... ... 1 7 6 Yet the imports in New Zealand are smaller than they are here--: , Imports, Value Per Head. Victoria ... .11. 6 0 New Zealand . .... 10 5 0 Consequently wet get, more foreign goods and pay. less in taxes than they do .in New Zealand. "- Yet the free traders and: moderate protectionists want us to adopt the Now Zealand "revenue tariff" and.pay an average of about £2 9s Sd, in place of the Victorian protectionist duty under which we only pay £1 7s 6d. We do not think the great body of the people are- so blind as not to see thiough the oracle, and discern that they are being hoodwinked under theguise (plausible, if it were true) that their burden would be lightened. Among the ranks of the farmers there are a few who have been led away by the wily solicitations of their ,Conservative friends, but they will eventually find that they have been ensared in the meshes of a seemingly wellset net. Let us compare theVictorian farmerwitha family of five with his Maoriland confrere. Notwithstanding the low duties the latter pays nearly double the amount in taxes, and yet he is better off than the Victorian, viz. Customs Taxes. Victorian family of five pays ... .G 17 G New Zealand family of five pays 12 8 4 This shows unmistakably that there is something " rotten in the State of Denmark," but that the protective duties are .not the cause, otherwise the New Zealander would not be in such a flourishing condition. The reason is obvious. The Maorilander has varied his crops, and until the Victorian farmer does likewise instead of growing one or two kinds of cereals he will not prosper. But as we have already said it is ridiculous to blame the fiscal policy of the colony for the farmer's misfortunes, which statement was amply borne out by the Tariff Commission which took evidence throughout the colony. - In face of the foregoing figures it is-marvellous that ee:ningly sensible men aspiring to represent the country in Parliament, snch as the new member for Horsham quoted as an example by our local contemporary) should stand up and leclare that farmers had been ' taxed ' and taxed until they had been well 'nigh taxed to death." "This might he excusable," says the Age, "in a back block' man who never saw a blue book or a newspaper, but such a ack of information " is but in keep ing with the class of men whom the Argus is now bolstering up. Farmers should properly digest the teachings of those who pose as their " friends." In order to "lighten" their burdens they advocate a reduc tion of the duties to the level of New Zealand, which fallacious policy in stead of leaving the Victorian farmer in the position of having to pay the lowest customs duties would increase the amount nearly twofold. The New Zealand and New South Wales duties are " revenue tariffs;" Vic toria's is a protectionist one. We say sweep away all revenue duties, and allow tea, sugar and other articles which we cannot produce to come in free. The last election has shown beyond doubt that Liberalism and protection are yet alive in Victoria, and that there shall be no tinkering with the tariff, except in cases where it is unnecessarily high or oppressive. THE important question of the estab lishment of a living wage was ad vauced a further and successful stage in Melbourne on Tuesday, whenrepre sentatives from several metropolitan municipalities met and decided that a clause be inserted in all municipal contracts fixing a minimum rate of wage to be paid for both day and piece work, and that penalties be re covered for any breach thereof. The various speakers eulogised the pro posal, contending that in the interests of humanity it should be universally adopted. The Chairman of the con ference, (the mayor of Essendon) stated that that municipality had sanctioned the principal, and was now enforcing the payment of a rate of wage not less than 6s per day. Work was being carried out to the Council's complete satisfaction, and he believed to the satisfaction of em ployes, who were getting 6s per day for work on which they formerly earned only 4s or 5s. These views were generally endorsed by the various speakers, and it might be mentioned that other metropolitan municipalities besides Essendon are now paying a living wage. The an nexed schedule was drawn up by the Conference, and though it may not be universally accepted, it is believed that it will in the main be eventually adop'ed:- rer asy. Pick and shovel, earth ... ... 6a Pick and shovel, rock ... ... 6s 8d Quarrymen... ...... . ... 6s 8d Pitcher setters ... ... ... 7a Id Carpenters (journeymen) ... ... 8 Bricklayers ... ... ... ... 8s Masons ... ... ... ... as Horse Hire 1 Horse dray, 1 man ... ... s 6d Drivers... ... .... ... 4s 6d 2 horses, 1 dray, 1 man, ... 12s Leaders.... ... So 1d Single horse in harness & man 8s Stonobreaking, in heaps SC. d. 2 in. gauge ... ... ... 2s 6d 21in. .. .... .. .... . 2d 3 in. ,, ... ... .... 9d :5sin. ,, ... ... ... is 5d 4 in. ., .... ... ... s 2d Stonebreaking, on formation- 2' in gauge ... ....2s 2d 2 in. ,. ... ... ... 2s 3 in. . .... ... ... Is 8d 3 in. , ... ... ... is 4d 4 in. ,, ... ... ... Is d The foregoing appears to be, on the whole, a very fair schedule, and might reasonably be sanctioned by munici palities generally. When the ques tion came,up for consideration in the Legislative Assembly last session the Patterson Government gave it the cold shoulder, but we have every con fidence that it will be again brought forward and that Messrs Turner and Co. will usher it through by an over whelming majority. We can ex pect nothing to be done in the matter as far as the Colac shire is concerned for twelve months, as the councillors, with one solitary ex ception, opposed it when the question was under consideration. There is nothing drastic or revolutionary in the suggestion; the minimum or living wage-a fair day's remuneration for a fair day's work-isI a scheme designed to benefit the masses who have been too long neglected; and that it will ultimately prevail untrammelled, though a few obstructionists may retard its progress for a time, is as certain as night follows day. THE Argus and its Conservative satel lites are still harping on the "high " tariff business in the hope to gull people not thoroughly versed in the question. The result of the late elec. tions has shown unmistakably that the country merits the solicitations of the Conservative press at their true worth, although the leading Tory "thunderer" with brass-like im petuosity claims otherwise. What reliance, we ask, could be placed upon the utterances of a journal that three weeks ago was proclaiming from the housetops that Sir James Patterson was the only man capable of guiding the country's destinies P Now that he is beaten disgracefully and with him that "famous" " Creed for the Country," his friends " turn dog" on him and declare that they knew he would fall ignominiously. We are at a loss to understand why a journal, professing to hold a high position in the literary world, should pursue such tactics in the broad gleam of pblic opinion. The Conservative party have lIocn disastrously routed, and it shows very bad. taste on the part of their friends to throw them overboard in their hour of trouble. Perhaps the following from the Sydney Bulletin is not overdrawn:-" lelbourne Argus " having failed miserably to win Vic " torin to freetrade with puerile texts "'on stupid little flag pictures, and " puerile verses, and absolutely idiotic " leading articles, had the astounding "gall to publish, on the morning after " the battle, a banner bearing the " strange device, ' The (New House is "pledged to Tariff Peform' This " childish work of Argus fiction put " the Tory journal beyond the pale of "intelligent pity. In truth, even Fat "Man is sick of his old organ, "now that it has given up all idea of' "catching the general public (which "rather frightened Fat Man for a "time) and become a mere penny "ghost of its own self. The. two " penny Argus contained heavyliterary "matter of- some merit, but as a "penny-sheet trying to live by its "ordinary daily intelhgence 'it is a ' ghastly production." 