CiiAiTKR II.-A FRIEND IN NEED. Down, down to tile far horizon ginks thc westering sun, thc malignant fierceness of his blazing countenance abating somewhat, for lie is within an hour of his rest. Yet thc earth still gives forth its shimmering heat, and on every side the red surface of the parched-np plain assumes a hue of blond beneath the golden glow of sunset, which, contrasted «'¡th thc vivid blue of the heavens, is pro- ductive of a strangely weird and unearthly effect. So thinks, at any rate, a horseman, toil- somely making his way over its inhospitable expanse. His steed, suffering terribly from want of water, as well as from a lack of nutritious food, eau hardly drag his limbs along, and more than ouce has the rider endeavoured to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long spells of walking. But who can indulge in protracted exercise under such difficulties ? Consequently, the horseman, though of fine and powerful build, is nearly aa fagged und used up as his unfor- tunate steed. Kow and again a (lying locust raps him tn the face us he rides. "What an infernal country!" bc exclaims aloud, wipiug his dripping forehead. " Nearly sunset, no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a drop of water in this howling desert. By Jove, thc situation is getting Serious," he adds, in a tone bordering on alarm. His alarm is not without reason. Since quitting last night's camp beside a nearly dry waterhole, coutaiuing a noisome mixture, and that of thc consistency of pea-soup, he has found ira trace of the indispensable fluid. Ând he is lost. A worn-out horse under him, foodies?, waterless, in thc midst of au ap- parently interminable dtscrt,. he lias every excuse for beginning to feel excessively con- cerned. He is a fine, tall, well set-up man, this stranger. No partiality could define him us, handsome. His features have no regularity, \ and his light blue eyes are a trifle too small ' «nd deep set ; but there is a certain power about his countenance, whose square, resolute jaw the short, fair, pointed beard and heavy sweeping moustache can only half hide. Though his face and hands arc burnt red brown, there is a subtle something which tells at a glance he is not colonial born, and that, too, quite apart from the newness of his travelling dress, prematurely worn by rough usage, and of the serviceable valise which is strapped in front of his saddle. A stony kopje, the only eminence fer five miles uruund, rises before the traveller. This he has bean using as a landmark, and through its agency steering in a straight line. It, too, having reached, he now ascends, and im- mediately there escapes him a pretty forcible ejaculation of relief. Away in front, break- ing the deadly monotony of this horrible plain, lies a house-a homestead. It is still three or four miles distant, though apparently nearer. But the horse has espied it as soon as his rider, and pricking forward his ears, he picks up his head aud steps out with something of an approach to briskness. Thc first elation-at the certainty of find- ing necessaries such as food and drink-over, the traveller's thoughts turn to considerations of comfort. After all, the welcome haven is, in all probability, a mere rough Boer home- stead, thc abode of dirt and fleas, a place wherein comfort is an unknown quantity. And at such a prospect, hungry, thirsty, thoroughly wearied as ho is, his spirits droop. But his musings are interrupted in a sufficiently startling manner, by nothing less than the "whiz" of a bullet unpleasantly close to his head, simultaneously with the "bang" of the piece whence it was dis- charged. Looking up, he finds that he has approached within a few hundred yards of the homestead. In the doorway of the same stands a tall man, clad in a shirt and trousers, with a gun in his hand, from which he is extracting the still smoking cartridge shelL Barely has he mastered these details than another bullet sings past his ear, this time nearer than the first, while the report rings out upon the evening air. To say that the wayfarer begins to feel ex- ceedingly uncomfortable is to express little. Here he ia, a perfectly peaceable, unoffending person, about to seek the much-needed hospitality of yonder domicile, and suddenly, and without an iota of provocation, its owner proceeds to make a target of him in the most cold-blooded fashion. True, he haB heard that mopy of the up-country Boers are a wild and lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. But this open and unpro- voked "act of war" surpasses any thing he may have been lcd to expect. " Here, hallo ! You, sir ! What arc you blazing away at me for?" he sings out, MB tone betraying a degree of anger which prudence should have induced him to sup- press. His hand instinctively goes to thc revolver slung round him In a holster under his coat. But of what use is a six-shooter against an enemy many hundred yards distant, and armed with a rifle! Therefore, it is with considerable relief that he beholds his unex- pected adversary ground his piece, stare at him for a moment, then disappear indoors. Thc feeling is but transitory, however, as it occurs to him that the fellow has probably gone in to get more cartridges, and that any moment he may find himself once more raked by thc enemy's fire. He judges it prudent to try the effect of a parley before venturing any nearer. "Hi! Hallo, friend !" he shouts, "juBt drop that target practice, will you. There isn't an ounce of harm about me. I'm nothirs but a poor traveller lost in the veldt, and pretty well dead for wont of a drink. D'you understand !" Thon it strikes him that if the inhospitable householder is, as he expects, a Boer, he will probably not understand. " What is to be done?" exclaims the way- farer in Bhecr despair. " Well, here goes. Mny as well bc shot as starve in thc veldt ; and perhaps the fellow's only playing tho fool -trying what I'm made of-and, if I were only within fifty or even a hundred yards of him, the 'trying' wouldn't bc all on one side. ' ThtiB musing, be continues bis advance upon thc homestead, walking hie horse, and whistling in an attempt to appear thoroughly unconcerned, although in point of actual fact he feels pretty much as the Six Hundred must have done on receipt of the historic and idiotic order. But no more leaden greetings reach him, nor docs the enemy appear. All is silent as the grave as he rides up to the house. Thc front door stands wide open, exactly ns tho shooter had loft it on retiring therefrom. There is not a Bound of anybody moving inside. The place might have been unin- habited. Just then the nun, which all this time has gradually been sinking, and huB already touched the liorison, disappears. Something like a chill creeps over the traveller at the sudden gloom which falls upon the tenement just as he is abont roeros»it« threshold. Standing at the door, ho raps it, somewhat impatiently, with the handle of his whip. No answer. Cautiously, and with hand on his pistol, be enters. There is no passage ; the door opens straight into the sitting-room. At the sight which meets his eye he starts, and involpn tarily falls back. In a corner of the room stands a tall figure. Leaning with one shoulder against the wall, its eyes arc fixed upon the intruder, great hollow eyes, which seem to glitter' strangely, and the deathly pallor of thc face is enhanced by its framing of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise motionless, both hands and lips are working slightly, but no sound escapes thc latter. The wayfarer, though not by any means a man of weak nerves, is conscious of something horribly uncanny about this ghost-like figure, so silent and immovable, glowering at him in thu shades of thc fast gathering twilight. But at thc same time he recognises his recent assailant. No ghost this, but-a mad- man. For a moment both stand staring at euch other. Then the strange-looking figure speaks. " Welcome, friend-welcome. Come in, come in. Make yourself at home. Have you brought any locusts with you ? Lots of them -swarms, to cat up what little grass the drought has left. Have you brought them, I siy ? Aha-flue things, locusts ! Don't know how wc should get on without them. Grand things for this country ! Fine country this ! Green as an emerald. Emeralds ! no diamonds. But there isn't a ' stone ' on the place, devil a ' stone.' " " Locusts ! Emeralds ! Diamonds !" echoes the stranger in amazement. " Scott, but the poor chap's clean off his chump-clean off it I What on earth um I to do with him, or with myself either for the matter of that !" .. Not a ' stone ' on thc place !" goo» on the sneaker, in a mournful tone. "I've fos- sicked high and low, and there isn't one-not one. Ah, but-the Valley of the Eye ! Come, fri -nd. We will start at on^e. You shall make your fortune. Dirk ! Dirk !" he shouts, passing the wandering stranger, and gaming the doorway. A withered old Koranna, clad in a mangy sheepskin kuross, who has just finished penning a flock o' Angora goats io one af thc kraals, comes running up at the snnrmons. At sight of his master his parchment visage aromnes a look of deep concern. " Die Baas is reegte ziek !" (the master is properly ill) he says, turning to the stranger. "I should rather think he was," assents the latter, who, nlthongh his acquaintance with aolnnial Dutch is extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping the old fellow's meau ilig. " Stones, locusts, Valley of thc Eye ! rho ! The sooner we get him to bed the better. I say, «ld man," he breaks off persuasively, laying a hand on the shoulder of bis unconscious host.. " You're not quite the thing, you know. Come along and turn in. Iii give you a hand at getting your togs off.' The other looks at him vacantly, and seems tm comprehend. He suffers himself be led into thc inner rosin quite docilely, and there «sid! then to be assistedinto bcd. Once there, however, the blood rashes to his fice, and he begins raving horribly, though his violence finds expression In speech rather than iu action. The stranger sins at his bedside carefully watching him. "Not mad-only fever," he remarks to himself at thc close of one of these paroxysms. "Bush fever, I suppose, and plenty of it. He's got a pulse like a steam hammer, by Jove!" He has. Not tor nothing has that un- wonted giddiness, those shooting pains in the limbs, attacked him a few hours earlier. Ry nightfall Renshaw Fsnning is in a burning firer, raring in the throes of delirium. (To be eontínaed. i 