ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL CONSECRATION OF THE NIXON CHAPEL HOBART. Jan. 18. The Anglican Church of Tasmania notched another step in its temporal ad- ' ysneement to-day by consecrating the, new chancel and chapel of St. David's Cathe dral, and dedicating it to the memory of Dr. Nixon, the first Bishop of the diocese of Tasmania. To-day's ceremonies were cot an every-day occuirence with the Anglican Church. They were aomething more— something that will stand the test of generations, and be looked to with plea sure and an enviable amount of pride by all who were privileged to take part in the proceedings. The unfinished work of St. David's Cathedral has advanced a material stage, and when absolutely finished the sacred edifice will be a central place of worship worthy of the colony and thecapital. Archwological student have not got far to go . to find the antiquities of St. David's, which possesses much of that impressive grandeur and awe-inspiring influence expected of every cathedral.The locality near which the Cathedral now stands has hallowed recollec tions for many who have often worshipped within its walls, and whose families are still alive to bear testimony to the fact. For over half a century the humble look ing parish church of St. David's, with its . square Gothic shaped tower and its pepper box top, was up to the year 1873 one of the landmarks of the city. A search of records shows that in the month of February,^*, the then Lieutenant-Governor, Colonel Davey, laid the foundation Btone of the old building, and the Eev. Eobert Knopwood, the first chaplain appointed to take charge of the diooese of Tasmania, read from th« third chapter of the first epistle to the Corinthians, 'For other foundations can no man lay, than that is laid, which, is Jeans Christ.' It was firet opened for Divine Bervice in the year 1819, the interior being finished in 1120. Two years later the Rev. Knopwood was re moved to Clarence Plains, and the Rev. William Bedford was appointed chaplain about the time the Rev. John Toul be came chaplain at Launceston. The build ing was described by a very high authority . in. those days as being respectable in appearance, which it undoubtedly was, but the workmanship, especially the building of the walls, was defective, a. fact which ultimately brought about its demolition. Some doubt has been expressed regard ing the naming of the sacred edifice, but this is set at rest by the following copy of a Government general order published in the Ouetttt of those days :—' 1820, Sep tember. Government House. The Lieu tenant-Governor directs that the new ohurch of Hobart Town shall be called St. David's Church, out of respect to the memory of Colonel David Collins, of the Eoyal Marines, under whose direction the settlement was founded in the year 1804, and who died Lieutenant-Governor in the year 1810.' On Sunday, February 9, 1823, the church was consecrated by the ' Be v. Samuel Manden, principal chaplain of the territory of New South Wales. Mr Maraden, singular to say, was '.head of the church of the two colonies. It is a remarkable coincidence that, the old church was built to hold exactly the same number as its more imposing successor, which may be attributed to the fact that it had galleries round it similar to what is stated to be the next oldest church in the colony, St. John's of Launcestoni The . foundation stone of the present Cathedral was laid by H.E.H.. the Duke o£ Edin burgh January 8, 1868, when he visited Hobart during bis tour of the Australasian colonies. The building of the nave aisles, and transept« was at once proceeded with, ; ' and having beea completed wjthin six years were consecrated and opened fjr Divine service on February 5, 1874. The chancel, side chapel, chancel aisle, and vestries, which are just completed and were to-day consecrated and dedicated' to the late Rev. Nixon, have -put a finish ing touch to the Cathedral of which the colony,, and the Anglican Ohurch in par ticular, might well be proud. The works in connection with the new chancel were com menced early in December, 1890, the con tract then being only for the foundations and crypt, and after a large amount of ' underground, work the foundation stone was laid on February 3, 1891, by sir Eobert Hamilton in the presence of several i colonial bishops, who having attended the f1 - consecration of St. Paul's Cathedral, Mel bourne, viBited Hobart for the purpose of ? taking part in the ceremony. This contract I was (only for the foundation work, and a I month later negotiations were entered into I for the handsome superstructure which was to-day consecrated. The Cathedral is , designed on the cruciform plan, and in the '? future it is proposed to erect a massive tower, riBing to a height of some 125ft, Abutting on Macquarie -street; the commu nication being by means of a cloister. The atyle of architecture chosen by the designer, Mr G. IV; Bodley, of London ecclesiastical repute, belongs to the decorated period of English Gothic. Some of the windows, es pecially those of the east end and afe the Bides of the sanctuary, possess con Biderable richness, of tracery. The masonry is all of local stone, the prevailing colour of which is brown, relieved by white in the windows, door ways, and ornamental portions with pleas ing effect. The internal facing of the new chancel . and aisles is polished ashlar, but the walls of the nave and transepts have been left rough for future treatment. The nave, which has a high clerestory, is 94ft in length by a width together with the aisles of Sift j. the transepts extend 6ft beyond the aisle walls to north and south reppec? tively. This portion of the church affords sitting accommodation for 950 persons. The choir and sanctuary have a total length of 55ft by a width of 25£t, and the Nixon chapel and north chancel aisle of 83ftby,18ft respectively. The roof of ; the older portion of the Cathedral and of the. new chancel aisles is open timbered, with i{ moulded principals and purlins, and ^-boarded on the top of the rafters j but the roof of the chancel and sanctuary are wagon-headed in form, and its bold moulded ribs spring from shafts carried up from the floor upon pier3 of the arcading, a deep moulded cornice with carved pattras and brat tish ing runs along the top of the walls and the portion of the roof over the sanctuary is panelled out with smaller moulded ribs, the intersections of which; are covered with richly carved bosses. The timbers and boarding for the roofs, and also for the joiner's work of doors, etc., »re of native blue gum or stringy bark, and as the surfaces are simply finished with oil the general appearance at a short distance is hardly distinguishable from English oak. The floor paving in the centre portion of both choir and chapel is of white Sicilian and black marble, laid in various forms with borderings, and the Bteps at the approaches to both and to the sanctuary are also of marble. The internal fittings have yet to be secured, as whilst plans have been prepared for them, the funds are not yet available. The carved fronts of the choir seats are, however, pro vided as a memorial to the late popular Canon Bailey, instead of the pulpit which was contemplated, but the erection of which it has been considered better to defer until the acoustics of the completed building have' determined the exact position it should occupy. The con tractors for the works, Messrs Cooper Bros. and Messrs Stabb Bros., are to be compli mented upon the faithfulness of their contract, : which has been most creditably carried out under the direction of the superintending architect, Mr Gteo. Fagg, M.S.A., of Hobart. The total cost of St. David's Cathedral as it now stands is somewhere about .£18,000, which in cludes 48000 for the Nixon Chapel. The L church will hold comfortably 1400 or 1500 ?? persons, which is only a little above the ordinary attendance at the Cathedral at present. The arrangements in connection with the opening ceremony were a complete success. There was a brilliant gathering of the highest and most influential church magnates in Australasia, from the Primate down to the humble curate. Long before 10 ' o'clock this morning the Cathedral was filled to excess by persons wishing to .participate by their presence at the pro ceedings, and a large crowd of persons had to be content to remain without : the Bacred edifice, as by half-past ten there was not Branding room in the church. At this hour the choir outside could be heard chant ing bhe piocessional hymn, ' The churches' one foundation,' and the prooesBiori moving along the church was entered from the north side, the oross-bearer leading, as. follows:— CroBs-beaier, choir Marshal— Eev. G. S. Bowyear. . Workmen of the cathedral, the contrac ? tors, the architect, Cathedral building committee, membars. of Lay Helpers Asso ciation, churchwardens of other parishes, St. David's- Parish Council, Synodsmen, the Cathedral Brsard, Diccpsan Council. MarsMls— Messrs Bernard Shaw and F. Belstead. Clergy of other dioceses in the following order s — Rockhampton, Riverina, North Queensland, Ballarafc, Bathurst, Grafton, Dunedin, Goulburn, Melanesia, Brisbane, Nelson, Waiapu, Wellington, Perth, Christchurch, Newcastle, Adelaide, Mel bourne, Sydney. 'Marshal:— Eev. A. E. Bartlett. Clergy of the diocese. Marshals — Revs. G. W. Shoobridge and R. C. N. Kelly. Canons of other dioceses, archdeacons of other dioceseB, deans of other dioceses, the registrar of the diooese, verger of the Cathedral, tha canons, the dean. Maishal — Canon Finnis. The bishops (in order of seniority of consecration) , — Bishop : of Goulburn, Bishop of Riverina, Bishop of Newcastle, Bishop of Ballarat, BiBhop of . North Queensland, Bishop of Nelson, Bishop of Melbourne, Bishop of Adelaide, Bishop of Dunedin. (Each bishop was accompanied by his chaplain.) Church advocate, chancel lor of the diocese, the: preacher (Bishop of Eockhampton), the pastoral staff borne by the Rev. J. Oberlin^Harris, the Bishop of the diocese, the Primate's pastoral staff borne by Canon Sharp (Sydney), the Most Rev. the Primate. Marshal— Rev. J. O. Harris. ? \\\ ? . As the cross-bearer appeared inside the building the strains of the organ began the Psalm No. 132. The procession then moved westward and up the central aisle to | the chancel, where the members of the choir were arranged in their various places, seats having been reserved for the laity at the top of the nave, the clergy passing through the chancel to their places into the aide chapel, the dignitaries to the chancel, and the bishops to the sanctuary, and - the bishops' chaplains to seats immediately outside the sanctuary. The scene when all wore seated was an intensely solemn and beautiful onel The clergy all wore cassocks, surplices, college caps, and hoods of their degrae ; about 100 choristers appearing in black surplicea.with white coverings. -At the closer; :o£ the processional ' psalm 'the secretary 6£ the Cathedral building committee presented the petition for consecration to the Bishop, as follows : — '.' My Lord, — Iu the name of the Cathedral 'erection board, and in the name of the Diocese, I desire that you will be pleased to conse crate this chancel and side chapel to the uses set forth in this petition ;' this being read by the' registrar, Mr E. S. Halee. The Bishop (Dr. Montgomery) made answer as follows : — ' I am ready to do as you desire, and I pray God to bless and prosper this your work.' After this all knelt down in silauce for; a space, when there was sung the hymn ' Veni Creator Spiritus,' commencing , 'Come Holy Ghost.' ?:.;'. immediately on. the conclusion of the hymns, the whole congregation rose from their knees, and Bishop Montgomery) going to the holy table, accompanied by Dean Dundas, turned himself to the people assembled and read the consecration service, being assisted by the Primate, Deau Dundas, and the Bishop of. Newcastle. Each portion of the chancel was consecrated in due form, starting with the communion table and proceeding to the places of marriages, etc. After this the dedication was pronounced as follows : — ' For as much as Almighly God accepted the^purpose of his servants King David and King Solomon to; build his temple afc Jerusalem, and nothing doubting but that heif favourably allow eth this charitable work of ours in having built this chapel, which we now sat apart to hiB glory, we therefore, on behalf of His church and people, dedicate this chapel to bear henceforth the name of Nixon Chapel, to the honour and glory of tbe ^oly Eternal Trinity— Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen.' After the Nicene creed had been suug, The Bishop of Eockhampton then as cended the pulpit and preached an eloquent and impressive sermon, taking for his text Jeremiah, xvii., 12, 'A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary.' ' At the conclusion of the sermon the offertory was taken up, and the respectable sum of £129 was realised. Bishop Montgomery then placed upon the holy table bread and wine, the com munion being administered by Bishop Montgomery and the Bishop of Dunedin to the other Bishops present, the Bishop of Dunedin being the first to receive tbe communion, then BiBhop Montgomery. The Primate of Australia, the Bishop of! Mel bourne, and the Bishop of Ballarat ad ministered to the clergy and the laity, a large number presenting themselves for 'the sacred rite. The proceedings, which had .lasted a couple of hours, than, concluded. In the afternoon over 2000 persons were present in the church to see the children hand in their offerings to the Cathedral church fund. The children had come from all parts of tha colony and attired in summer costume they presented a pretty spectacle. They wore marshalled at the Synod Hall in Harrington street, and . mardhed round to the church, the distinguishing banners repre sentative of each school being borne by scholars selected from their ranks. The procession entered the Cathedral and took seats in the body of the building, the clergy filing in in the same order as they did at the morning service. After prayers and an aiddress had5 been de livered by the Bishop of Adelaide, BiBhop Montgomery called upon the children to present their offerings. This they did by walking in batches up to the sanctuary and placing the purses containing their offerings in the ? 'receptacle held by the Bishop. The ' districts repre sented were aa follows: — Hobart, Bellerive, Both well, Brighton, Buck land, Deloraine, D'Entrecasteaux Chan nel, Devonport, Emu Bay, Forth, Leven, George Town, Greeu Ponds, Huon, Kingston, Longford, Latrobe, Launceston, Macquarie Plains, New Norfolk, New Town, Oatlands, Eichmond, Scottsdale, Sheffield, Sorell, Waratah, and Westbury, The following places also sent donations, but not representatives, the money being handed to the Bishop by his son: — Circular Head, S wansea, Ringarooma, St. Helen's, and Barren.Island. : HOBART, .Tan. 19. ' Services were held in St. David's Cathe dral almost all day to-day. In the after noon a conference of the clergy was held, when a resolution was carried in favour of an organic church unity, and the question of establishing a GeneralJJChurCh J Gazette wa i referred to the committee. Canon David, of Brisbane, delivered three ad dresses to the clergy. In the evening service was held in the Cathedral, the Bishop of Melbourne delivering the sermon. 