Government without Clothes. THE Americans have not yet perhaps discovered the ideal form of government, but tliey are commendable at least in this, that they have learned in a great measure to govern without frill. They look with just pride on that homely picture of PRESIDENT JACKSONJ the elected head of '' the greatest nation on earth " riding unattended to the Capitol at Washington, hitching his old grey horse in the street, and walking serenely inside to open the session of their senate without so much as a feather in his hat to lend dignity and impressiveness to his appearance and to the function. A large portion of the rest of the world has been governed largely by clothes, cocked hats, and the blare of trumpets and brass bands. There has usually been someone inside the clothes, someone under the hat, and someone blowing the trumpet, but these parties were only the accessories of government, and the masses have been taught to look on the clothes and the penny-side show business generally as the real agency from which they derived their laws and their blessings. It is agrevious thing to think on, but the world grows older, and, if it does not grow a great deal more wise, at least it learns how to appear a great deal less foolish. Ten years ago Sonth Australia could not have opened her Parliament without the presence of every military individual and gorgeous official who could be brought to bear on the ceremony. Last week she was satisfied with a brass band belonging to the police force and a few giltedged stragglers. Ten years hence the attendance of an Italian street fiddler will probably be considered sufficient to fill the bill, and from tbat forward we may be able to dispense with the vestments and trappings that have-hampered legislators in the discharge of their duty; by blinding them to the fact that they are elected to serve a commonplace and useful purpose. ^ Government is only a business; just as prosaic a form of business as is met with in (he accountants office, l c T s s t c s e or in the wholesale igbOeery. Tbiifl fact isset out in the opening speech of the man who wears the cocked hat— "1 have snmmoneiL Parliament -lor the despatch of business,'' but in some way or another the cocked hat gets the better of the fact, and the session generally is devoted to washy patriotism, and flummery, and the building of deficits, instead the fostering of the colonial manufacture d colonial products and the squaring of the colony's accounts, and the passage of legislation to settle our difficulties. The present session of parliament has started out under very promising circumstances. It has dispensed with a good deal of its former pomp at the beginning; it has a very strong ministry able to get decent legislation through the houses; and it has before it a list of good and fair, to middling measures that have been asked for, and are in some cases badly needed, by the country. It is to be sincerely hoped that it will fulfil the promise which its beginning warrants. To RATEPAYEBS.—Ratepayers of th various districts have always been under the impression that the payment of rates on the day of annual elections was sufficient to entitle them to a vote at those electious. So much was understood from the District Councils Act of 1878. But it has been, discovered that the Parliament of last session has planted a clause, among a lot of other odds and ends of legal lumber, in the Land Values Assessment Act, which eniirely alters the case so far as the unparliamentary mind can understand the wisdom of our legislators. There is no notice given in the title of that Act that it was to be utilized as a dumping ground for miscellaneous legislation, but Clause 7 of it disiinciiy sets out that to entitle a ratepayer io vote, his arrears of rates muse be paid at least ten days before the election day. Legal opinion on the subject has not yet been received by the local bodies, bat the District Councils Association has notified those Councils in its membership thai; the coming elections will be carried put under the new provisions, and ratepayers are hereby warned of the faci. "WYSIE BAND OF HOPE.—A meeting of the above was held on Monday evening last. The Rev. J. Garde presided over a large audience. Songs, a dialogue, recitations, and readings were given. The following persons assisted: — Messrs. Speers and Hucchesson, Maskers Nitschke, Thompson, and Hutchesson, end Misses Agaew. Nitschke (2), and Thompson. SAMPLES WANTED.—wiih a view to boom ihe district and snow its adaptability for fodder growing, we would be glad to know of anyone who could supply small lots of roots and fodder plants to make up a consignment to sead to ihe ciiy, when required at 8^1 early date. SOUTH- EAST DBAINAGE.—The Commis sioner of Public Works, in aaswer to a question by Mr. J. Cock, M.P.. o:a Tuesday, said thai a survey for drains in a parts of the South-Easo, where required, was now id hand, aud the Government would soon be able to decide what main drains were needed. FOOTBALL.—OA Monday, 25th inst., our lovers of the ijflaied lether will try conclusions with the Penola Club on the grounds of the latter. We underpaid ihe commits are trying their best to get a sivong. twenty together. The team will go in Mr. A. McCourt's conveyances, and it is to be hoped they will make a big bid for victory. THE MOUNT GAMBIEE GHOST.—Mount Gambier has been very prolific of ghosts. It lias been supposed that they make it a resort oa account of its beauiifnl scenery, but as only the worst class of ghosts are ever heard of, it is more than probable that they simply visit there to secuve a cool change. Some little time ago ihe ghost of one of the town's dead and gone bad eggs, was reported as calling on some of his old friends in Mouni Gambier,-and the alleged fact has been well advertised. AN amateur detective has however tried to explode the story, and says, after investigation, that the ghost is more of a hollow fraud than even a ghost .ought to be. In fact he says there is no ghost at all, or any shadow of a ghost, or any one playing ghost, and that those who say so are— shall we say—very fertile m imagination. WARNING TO DEFAULTERS.—The Commissioner of Taxes has already made good his threat to proceed against those who are in arrears with their income and land taxes, and those who have neglected to send in returns, or have sent in returns of a misleading character. Summonses were issued against several of the de faulters on Tuesday, and indictments are being made out against many more. What taxpayers, or those who ought to be taxpayers, do not seem. to remember is that in this case there - is no chance to make the property over-to the wife, for the land itself is dropped on to pay. PARLIAMENT opened session on Thursday, June . 7, and the principal measures to be dealt with, as shown in the Governor's opening speech, are the issue of Treasury notes, an alteration of the control of the Savings Bank, construction of railways from Tailem Bend to Wow Wow Plains and fromHergottto Kopperamanna, the drainage of land in the South-Bast, on the betterment system, the reintroduction of last year's taxation proposals, State ife assurance, the extension of the franhise, to women, and the introduction of the referendum. No business was done until uesday, June 12th, and" very: : little ave congratulatory find condemnatory peeches even then. On Wednesday he appointment of the Sessional ommittees in the Legislative Council howed the ' strength - of the - Govrnment. It is considered almost a Certainly that the present Ministry will i $nll through the session "without being seriously called on to iace a no-confidence motion. W.C.T.U.—The Y. Branch of th W.C.T.U. held its ordinary fortnightly meeting in the Wesleyan Church last' Tuesday evening, June 12th. There was a fair attendance. The President of the Branch occupied the Chair, and the superintendent of the evangelistic work conducted the meeting. One full member and three honorary members were admitted. It was resolved that the President and Secretary wait as a deputation on the Trustees of the-Wesleyan' Church tp secure if possible the use of the building lor the purpose of holding meetings. It was also decided that the name of this Branch should be the Mmcutt Branch. Mter the usual routine butiness had been transacted the meeting'closed. THE SALVATION: AEMY.—We are re quested todraw attention to the fact that the Salvation Army will hold a musical meeting and coffee supper on Tuesday, June 19th. ^Specials will attend from Mount Gambier, and both meetings are e expected to be large and attractive. GOSPEL SERVICES.—Last Sunday evening, after the usual services were concluded, a gospel service was held in the West-room of the Institute. The room was well filled, and the Revs. J. Garde and A. W. Gann delivered addresses. AT a meeting of the Committee held last night Miss Ham was appointed Mistress of the Presbyterian Church Choir. 