LEFT AT THE POST. A RACING STORY. BY J. FITZGERALD. He was a jockey-boy right enuft, but t' look at 'is face arter 'e'd bin payin' a visit to the pump you'd take 'im fer a angel or a cherub ; great brown eyes 'e 'ad, like a spaniel dorg's, an' 'e'd tell you a pot o'lies with them there eyes fixed on you, an' 'arf full o' tears, an' the lashes of 'em lyin' on 'is cheek ; an' 'e was jes the wickedest little devil I ever knew, an' that's sayin' somethin', I can tell you. Norman Power 'is name was, an' 'e was one of the best riders anywhere ; but 'e got into trouble some'ow, and 'ad t' stan' down fer a twelvemonth. When 'is term was up 'e 'ad no work ; no one 'd give 'im a mount—they wouldn't trust 'im, not one of 'em, un' jet 'e stuck t' country racecourses so that wo all behoved 'e was vvunted for somitlun' in town; time an' agen 'e'd get letters from Hilly Edwardes, the steepltcliasc rilli r, sn)in' " Come t' town, Norman, come down 'ero uti' ride BlifT uns," but 'e'd m ver go, 'e Jea atuck about in the countr). Well, one time 'o waa awlul down on 'ia luck, 'ecouldn't get a 'orae to ride, try as 'he would, an' 'e did try. He went at last to old Macpherson, an' oie Mac waa a tough customer, but Norman 'ad 'card thai, 'e 'ad a row w ith 'ia jockey, ao off 'e goes. Now, ole Mao 'ad sworn blink nn' blue that 'e'd rather ride a 'orae 'imself than put Power on 'nn, an' 'c rode close on sixteen stone, BO we didn't think Norman 'nil a ghost of a ahow, but off 'e went, an' 'e foun' ole Mnc in the stable lookin' ot 'is big bay mare-a splendid beastahe waa-'la'ands was atuck deep donn in Ina pockets, nn''e was rockm' 'îniBelf bickwurds nnd forwunU from 'ia toes to 'is 'eels, wlustlm' the " Dead March " to 'imselt, fer 'c was a bit mean about pu)m'a good jockey from town, an"c didn't trust none o' the local chups. Norman 'e 'nd 'enpa o' cheek, but 'e'd cot BO jumped on late!) that 'e wasn't quite so cocksure as usual w hen 'e w nlked across that there stable jnrd. "Could you giv' mo a mount, sir.' 'a stija, us meek aa a lamb. " I'll do me level beat tor you, air." Ole Mao turns round an' laughs, an* it wasn't often 'e did that It wasn't a jolly laugh other; it waa the sort o' thing the men 'eard when 'e dockeil their pn). Norman was set on gettm' the rule though, an' 'e lookt d at the 'orae, nt 'is splendid legs an' small fine 'cud jes' like a deer's, an' 'o feels 'is'anils je8 itchin' t' ride 'cr. "I'll win if you'll put me on to 'er, air," 'e snjs, an' then ole Mau swears nn' orders 'im out o' the jurd , but Norman stands his ground. "I swear f jou I'll win, if you'll try me," 'e repents, tin' 'e waits till ole Mac gets through another Bwciinn' bout, an' 'o puts down one or two of the sentences like m 'is memory for futuro personal use ; an' then 'c puts a sott o' quav cr into 'is v oloe, tin' looks up with them there spaniel's eyes of 'is, nn' ses " fer Qord's sake, sir, put mo up, if I don't win I'll ahoot in)self." Ole Mac begins to explain that that wouldn't be much benefit to 'mi, but Norman seea 'e was comm' round, stuok to 'is point like a leech, nnd ended begotten 'is own waj. ' Look 'ere, if you don't win," sois ole Mnc, "I'll make this an' every other club in the country too'ot t"o!d jou, mind that," an' Norman smiles, an' anja "I'll win I promise you, air." It was a grand day they 'nd fer the race, an' Norman was vv here 'e was 'appier than any- where else, on the back of a good 'orso an' a first class chance o' winnin'. 'K 'ad a fine sent, not crouched like n monkey nor bent like some of the chaps. 'E was a good figure, though so emull, nn' 'Is crimson an' gold looked fine on 'im, nn' 'e funded 'imself some OB 'e act the red cap on "is 'ead nn' glanced down at the polished« boots and w lute llontnn' breeches 'e 'ndn't 'ntl n show of YYcarin' fe-r BO long. Ile waa rtady before any of the others, an' p'raps 'c muda n mistake there, for the mare was frei ty an' fractious, an' got playm' up, nu'unortin'an'bitiu' m the jan!, She was a nuisance then at the starting post, an' the atnrtcr waa a bit nciv at 'ia work, an' worried tile 'orsis, an' there was three or four fnlse 8*arts, nn' ut last the) got a wa), an'if ole Mao didn't 'ave a chance fer oursm1 on' sweurin' then c'd never 'ad a better; for there waa joung crimson an' gold still at the post, nn' under 'mi wus that thero bay mnre with 'cr tail turned to the Held, an' 'er 'end dow natween'er forelegs. Old Mao wnscoak Btire Power was Bellin' 'nn, nn' if 'e could 'nve got nt 'mi that mlnuite Norman's pretty fnco'd 'ave bin a bit altered ; but 'e was pln)in' fnlr for nil appeiirnncea was agen 'un, an' In a minultc 'e 'nd that there fractions misty beast slewed lound, 'c "ad 'ia knees tightmed like iron on to 'er aidea, nn' 'cr buck never put 'ira out m tin- least, 'c laid Into 'er with whip tin' spurs, an' in a bit Lady Mary knew foi sure nlie 'ndn't got one of the atable bo) s on 'er linult, but ii fi How 'oo was "or mnster, an' abo 'ad sense eniill not to sill!, '1 he lield wits nhend by Bonn- ten lengths, but Power knew 'e 'ntl the beat mount among 'em, an' the mure knew it too, for she reached out tiftet the bit onceor twice, shook 'er line'eatl.nn' she WBH off, tin'Power let 'er go, but V didn't overtake the others, no not )ct, that waa to come 'Ewns quite content t' feel that long oisy stride, to BIO what alie lotild do without effort, au 1 nfter leaving the post 'ia whip was ulla 1er a good 'art mile, nn' tin II the hist 'orseH bttan to push forward like , a big black chap ivith white fett, called All l'ours, was,'i knew,'ia worst enero.) '_liere was a brown mare, loo, ridden b) a chap with 'linds ns nkilful tin 'IH own, and as 'e Mile eaH) lhere biliind 'tin, 'e was takm' in what wits iiheid A.ttrYYnri.ii when the roil) tug came V knew there ti oe no time t' be tonkin' about. Presintl), when 'e'd piiHHtd the Bin toll o' mundi) ground, where a couple ot 'orBes came to grief, 'e tightened up na it were, 'e pieasid 'cr Bides a bit firmer, biglin t' BIKIW what iiHi- 'e could make of 'u Bpnrs an' then ns the ground seemed t'swill undinienlh, tin' trees nn' foncea t' II) past, he gritduull) caught up to one nfttriiuothir 'Hie brown niiin 'e oveitook, and as 't allot print 'e Been 'cr Hunks wit uti' striainlii', un'su n, too, the nd of'er nostrils 'Noilun' I' four from 'ti, 'i thulka, anti now there waa only All lour« t' wot ty about There wasn't no sign I o'distress about Linly Mar), she waa nom'I na Btrong as if aho'd only Jea »tnrtid, nn'I Powt i 't draw« in 'Is brcnth and sit« 'mist If m the nixt ml nilli- t' get evin with All i I l'ours, in the last -0 innis t' pass 'iin. So I crimson an' gold gkomctl there in the sun ' light light ahead o'all the lield 'ciptin; All ' Four», and ole Mun liegnn t" feel under" an' , net tin re quiet . nufi", 'nun' mu out o' swear 'words, mil)be '1. knew well nulli what Power could do, knew 'ovy 'c could ride, but knew 'is wonderful way o' ndin' n Btiff 'un ridin' 'im willi one 'and nn' 'oldin' 'im with the other, so t' speak, und All Fours waB owned by ole Mac's greatest enemy, an' as 'e seen them two 'orsea there ahead, gom' like the splendid beasts they was, 'e felt of a sudden a sort o'cold shiver down'is hack, an' if 'e 'adn't bin that 'oarso 'o'd likel) gone on swearm', hebel in' 'e'd bin got at after all, an' that Blake o' Corroloo owned Power, but if 'c was ridin' sttfl 'e waa dom' it so that no one 'ti knew it or even guess it, the crowd waa eheerm' an' yellin', the bookies waa cuttin' in an' out everywhere, an' comm' up the straight waa the 'orses, Lady Mary out- side, an' with 'cr nose close to Kerry's knee, an' kerry gettm' all 'e knew out o' All l'oura li the race 'd bin a milo longer All Fours 'd 'ave won it, an' that's certain, fer there wasn't a 'air of 'mi turned, but 'e 'adn't the spirit o' Lady Mary , übe was JIB mail t'win. An' there was joung crimson an' gold benditi' over 'er, feehn' at 'er mouth, grippin' 'cr with 'IB knees, an' between the two that sort of teh^iaphy there allua 'is atween a real rider an' 'is 'orso. Kerry was dom' 'is best, uti' 'e rode All Fours well there s no doubt about that, hut Lady Mary gradually worked past till it was 'er shoulder that wus agen 'is knee, an' in a second the crowd yellin' an' eheerm', hats gom' up m the air, an' the quick beat of the 'orsea' feet as an accompaniment, they was nose an nose, an' the stirrups clashed once as they come up that bit o' straight, with every stroke ot their 'OOVCH íiiulin' un' unswerin' one from the rival 'orso An' then Power dug in 'is apura, laid on 'is whip till J ou couldn't seo 'is ann gom', an' ever so little Lady Mary got away from the black 'orae, an' with a yell an' a cheer tho race was won Well, Power got plenty o' mounts arter that, an' there wasn't muoh incident in 'em, but 'ow 'c won with ii little 'orso culled Johnny Boy 's worth ullin' you. It was the same course as 'ad seen Lady Mary's win, an' the little beast waa owned be Macpherson. It was a rough sort o' place that couise, the ring not properly fenced, jea marked with posts like, an' m summer time that dusty that the hinder 'orsea an' ridera was nour choked, Johnny Boy waa a leggy joung colt, an' a rcg'lar outsider, I don't think 'e 'ad a single backer, unless it might oe Norman 'miself, an' ole Mae jes fer lucir. It was a north wind da), an1 blowin' as it um do from that quarter, till yc can t lindon )er clothes a square clean inch, an' yer face au' neck an' cars tin" hair 's that gritty. There was a good field, an'they got away all right, an' there was 'ot bcltin' on the favourite. AUB) at the bottom end there it was impossible t'see the 'orsea for the duat, they disappeuied une after another like into the oloud, an' a couple o' mmuites later out they atrealted, au' leading' right up the straight with three or four lengths to the good was that there little black brute of a Johnny Boy bearin' the crimson an' gold, an* was Hying along, an' gaining on 'im at every stroke was the fav'ntc ; but 'c won, though it was jea touch an' go at the post, an' anme'ow little Johnny Boy's finish wasn't brilliant, t' say the least of it-nor was 'o a bit done, nor particular blown, No one thought there was an) thin' queer, 'owever, an' the hloomin' tugs cheered an' shouted, Dunkin' they 'ad a, good race fer their money. The nex' day there was more races, an' o' course Johnny Boy waa made "ot fnv'ritc. The wind 'ad droppeil a bit, an' only carne across them wide plamB now an' agon in big gusts. Johnnv Boy waa entered for the Ooondor Hand» up, an' there waa keen bettin', an' oie Mao 'ad a coupP o' ollera which 'e wouldn't take then. 'E waa sorry afterwards, but 'e «Ililli t know no more than the rest o' the crowd wlint a swindle young Norman waa workin'. 'Hie little black 'orso dropped a bit behind arter the start, an' then, as on the day before, the 'ole held was lost in the oloud o' dust dow n at the bottom crd. But luck was out fer Power an' Johnny Boy that day, A great, strong gust o' wind come svverpin' down, lifted the 'ole cloud o' dust 1er a second, an' in that second the'olo crowd -juilgcH, owners, an' nil-seen a sight which set some of 'em oursin' mid others lauglnn' fit t' burst-there was the black oolt, an' Norman on 'im, cuttin' right across the ring atwecti the posts, gumin' ii cleur 'tirf mile. O' course 'a was 'auled up, but ' e got roun' 'email. "I couldn't Bec a yard afore me," 'e saj s, appeahu' like, an' 'is big pyes lookin' full o'tears; "I've rodo straight all me life, an' Burely I uin't goin' t' be put down fer a thing that was jes a mistake. I was jes choked with dust, un' I followed the othrrs, an' where I couldn't ace 'eui fer dust I followed the sound of the whips an' 'ooma." 'E got off, but if them there ole fellows 'ad seen the slow wink o' one of 'IB big eyes ns 'e turned away they'd 'ave felt na if they'd bin done agen, an' that very brown. Poor little devil, though, 'o 'adn't much longer t' play them sort o' tricks, A couple o' months later 'c was ou a big steeplechaser nn' ruiinhi' 'im BtilT. Stiff they both waa belore the da) was out. Come a cropper over ftBtonc wall ; both their necks was broken the little chap's an' the big "orec's us w eil. 