NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY OUTIS.) All thn mute inglorious Miltons or Crom- avcUs, guiltless of their country's blood, have not been buried in the churchyard which suggested Gray's elegy. One of iheni, for instance, has just turned up alivo and well in the back blocks of Uingarn, and proves to ho no other than friend Dowel, member for Tunnvorth. Hitherto tho world had known this gentleman only as an uninteresting "local member" of colorless politics, but with a ncati hand at piloting a " private bill." That thoro was a flaming volcano of poetic sentiment struggling within him for vent was never remotely suspectcdtint.il it has suddenly broken out in terrific eruption. Luckily the event happened in the wilderness of Bingara, so that by the time it reached civilisation tho shock was considerably deadened. Addressing the electors of that locality as a candidate for their suffrages at the next election, Mr. Dowel, heedless of their anxiety to learn his views on " the butty gang " system, the native dog question, or tho local road vote, blazed out as follows: — 4< After battling oft and long we stand upon the threshold of a mightydcinocraey triumphant." The previous opinion of tho electors was that he stood upon a stump. Tiie point of order, how ever, was not raised, and Mr. Dowel went oq to remark that tho " dawning light tinges the hills with the grandeur of our destiny, and the great national life that must bo em bodied in tho future Commonwealth that creates Australia a nation, great, glorious, and free. Not vet her day. How long not yet? There comes the flush of violet and heavenward faces all aflame with san guine imminence of morn wait bub tho sunrise to proclaim the day of our great nation horn." Bingara would much rather hear about the sanguine imminenco of its railway or of that promised Rothschildish syndicate upon whoso innocent shoulders it hoped to unload thoso alleged heaps of diamonds which are in everybody's road up there. But, notwithstanding any little dis appointments of that kind, an electorate which can sport such a gorgeous member to gctf its sons into the mounted policoandask questions in Parliament concerning tho emoluments of the local poundkccpcr ought not to be discontented. Tho question is, though, is it Mr. Dowel by whom Bingara is being addressed, or is it his ghost? While the member for Tamworth is going on like this it is interesting to observe what his constituents arc doing. They, too, are "battling oft and long," but not "on the threshold of a mighty democracy triumphant." Their great fight is sustained on the threshold of tho threepenny bar. The question of threepenny versus sixpenny drinks has raged in Tamworth with intermittent fury since the oldest in habitant negotiated his iirst nobbier, and at the present moment it is the main issue be fore the electors. Being granted a mo nopoly by local option, tho publicans of the town are ceaselessly struggling to turn it to business account, the same as is done under similar circumstances elsewhere by entering into a general agreement to sell 110 drinks less than sixpence. Against this public opinion and public thirst arc up in implac able revolt, under the leadership of a re calcitrant brother bung, who hangs out the banner of threepence. .Some months ago the sixpenny party, trusting to the strength of their wealth and numbers, while the three penny horo relied upon the moral righteousness of his cause held a meeting, at which it was decided to oflor him an ultimatum. He was given a certain time to abandon the error of hia threepenny ways, after which, if he stilL remained obdurate, they threatened to drop the price to 2d, and keep it there until they succeeded in 44 wearing him out." His reply was a scornful defiance, where upon the struggle recommenced with increased bitterness. Instead of wearing the threepenny man out, however, he prevailed against the whole host of his enemies, and compelled them eventually to ignominiously striko their flag. But last Saturday tho fight was again renewed by the vanquished sixponnyitcs rolling up and making another desperate attempt to re store tiie old rate. According to the local papers the meeting was an excited one, which, after a storm of personalities, broke up in disorder, leaving the banner of threepence still proudly waving over the field. And at this juncture Mr. Dowel prates about his "llush of violet," and his "sanguine im minence of morn." No wonder he deems it prudent to give the Tamworth half of his constituency a wide berth and seek political safety in the wilds of Bingera, Mrs. Leontino Cooper (why Leontino?) flouuces out of the (Queensland Woman's llighls boeiely in disgust because she objects to 14 the labor parly clinging to its petti coats for help. 1 Ins charge is based on the fact that certain vulgarly-disposed persons have succeeded in making the objective of the female franchise movement "ono woman one vote." The olleel was to immediately turn Mrs. Leontino Cooper's political cake into dough, wherefore she had to request that her name he removed at. oneo from the list of the association's members. She declined, she said, 44 to have the movement clogged with tlio huge political revolution which tho one woman one vote subtends." This is the touchstone which is going to test tho sincerity of the dilettante reformers who think it "awfully nice ' to be interested in the woman question. Are they willing to have the female voting power centred in the kitchen instead of the drawingroom, and to contemplate / with equanimity their own boudoir candidate grovelling at the feet of Bridget for the vote which is already be spoke by a mail in moleskins. It is when ladies like Mrs. Leontine Cooper begin to realise that woman suffrage means this that they shy at the ballot-box. Jjor them selves, ol course, a vole would he highly de sirable. It would furnish a nice amusement, which, if kept strictly fashionable, would make politics quite an interesting relief to tho monotony of afternoon tea, and such-like stale distractions, to "which masculino monopoly restricts the weaker sex. Yiowcd in that light the woman's franchise movomeut excites enthusiasm, hub when it comes to making the .mansion of a lady with 10 servants a stronghold of blatant democracy tho vulgar aspect of the question appears, and it is considered time to drop tho whole thing and look out that fashion able petticoats are not sullied by contact with the labor pariv. " Here, you groat galoot, what are you kicking that poor goose cluck for : ' roared a fanner to a hobbledehoy whom he caught ill-using a stray gosling. " Well, what did a big gander go and boitc moy brother Bill fur?" said the vindictive youth. The fate of that unfortunate young fowl is exactly what boLel the chief accountant of tho Railway Department during tho discussion of tho commissioners estimates last Wednesday night. There are men in Parliament whom Die commissioners, in the exercise of their duties, have had to mortally olicnd, and wnoric whole thought js to bo revenged. Bub the objects of their vengeance are quite b.'.yoiul reach. Not only is the position of the commissioners made secure from irre sponsible interference, but their salaries are put upon tho same footing, and can only be dealt with by Act of the Legislature. Con sequently, they do not appear in tho esti mates, and there ia no chance of a vindictive few in committee cutting them down, as is the case with regard to other public servants- While the estimates were under discussion, however, Mr. Andrew Kelly saw a sudden opportunity oi getting at one of the com missioners unollending olheors, and revenged tho wrong:! oi his political brother Bill by hastily moving a vote which smppeil L100 a year o(f his salary. Thus does the great cause of democracy get even with those who put slight's upon it, and haughty railway commissioners are taught not to ollieiully 44 buito " men who have labor members at their Inch:;. One of the present 44 retrenchment" themes oi the Vieloiiun Government is lo dismiss from the Public I'Mueathm Uepari- meni all lauv teachers " who have husbands in a position to support them." Teachers who are only employed bccauso they have no husbands to support them, presonfc wlmb is ecrlainly a doubtful qualification. Yet, ac cording to the present ministerial policy that is the sole plea which counts. It is casting a gratuitous slur upon those ladies whose ser vices are retained, and doing a great injus tice to somo who are dismissed. For in stance, take tho caso of a teacher who works and supports herself so as to be independent of a penurious tyrant, who would otherwise make her life a burden. What right has tho minister to drive her back into slavery, and say that simply because she has a husband she must not earn her living. But if the marriage question is to enter info the matter at all he should apply it to both soxc3 alike, and dis. miss all male teachers who have wives able to support them. That would, at least, be im partial. And if there is sound policy in it, no reason appears why the rulo should be restricted to teachers. If it is good for them it is good for tho whole public service from the Minister down. How would it be, therefore, if a Minister for Education, whoso wifo came into a legacy or possessed a private income, was, on the ground that ho could live without the billet, forced to resign, aiul give some unprotected bachelor or lono widower a chance. 