THEY SAY. ' That the man. who knocked a bookseller up just before churcktime on Sunday and asked for ad 'Eteiiivg News had been making a night of it. That the Income Tax return forms would puzzle a Philadelphia lawyer. That Gilmore's boy threatens to issue writs for libel against several newspapers. That if "The Vagabond" publishes all the ancient history that he heard in Launceston it will startle the public. That its about time the Corporation people . completed the repair of Frederick-street, opposite the High SchooL Its a minature "ploughed field" a;t present. That the District Nursing Association should command the support of all classes in the community. That a proposal has been mooted for the erection of a "Legislative Court" at the Tasmanian Exhibition, where hon. members could display their specialities. ;'That in the event of the project , being completed, Gilmore and Macdonald will appear in boxing gloves. That the ghost of a defunct fruit company, with Mr.-Speaker in close attendance, will preside over an apple stall. That Hiddlestpne and Frank Archer will • draw rival tanglefoot on behalf of the Northern and Southern brewers. .- That the Atfconey General will run a gymnasium and astonish visitors by his clever somersaults and political acrobatism. That Audley Coote will expotind his scheme for repairing the Tamar Electorate Cable— at present sadly disconnected. That Leatham will give Lessons in deportment'; whilst Lewis will discuss the beauties of buttonhole bouquets. .That the Count will exhibit sugar beet and Samuel J. will appear as a statue representing " departed popularity." That the Sergeant at Arms and Usher of the Black Bod will no doubt give a capital representation of the codlin moths. That if the Legislature can send such a varied collection as this,' even greater : things may be expected from the Municipalities. That for charming modesty the Evening Neirs' pars puffing the Fijian lecture head the record. That the lecture was doubtless an able and ~ interesting one; but the News should have allowed others to voice the opinion. That if the Invermay people wax much wanner upon the Town Board question, Kirkland and liis cadets are likely to be called out to preserve order. That if Purves enters tne Victorian Legislative Council he will be just about as - much out of his element as Rooke is among the frost-bitten senators of Tasmania. That the Bread and Butter ball on Monday evening was a success. That the ladies who supervised the decoration of the tables in the Albert Hall on Monday evening were complimented on their taste. That the Zeehan resident who paid -the amount of a demand made upon him was \- surprised to find that after all the lawyer put in an execution. That the 'little complication was caused by the absent-mindedness of an attorney, who apparently forgot that the money had been paid to him. - That .the forgetful one received a sharp judicial reprimand, and was instructed to pay the amount and costs. That Dr. Smart, who has just re-entered the Civil Service, was dispenser at Maria Island when Smith O'Brien was an exile there. That Lawrence Campbell, the elocutionist, is making a name for himself in Sydney. That some one blundered in the preparation of some of those Invermay petitions to the Minister of Lands. That there); no truth in the rumour that the committee of die Bread and Butter ball intend to clear the gallery and issue fresh tickets every fifteen minutes. That federation ought to be an accomplished fact now that Mr. M. E. Robinson has taken it in hand. That the personnel of the Depot Board is neat and appropriate. Sutton will naturally confine his' investigations to the cuisine, Booke will inquire into the disicipline of the establishment, whilst the P. M. will run his coronial eye over the boys of the Old Brigade and advise ministers as to the probability of their staying powers. That in order to enhance the attractiveness of the District Nursing Association's ball several " fancy sets " have been arranged. That Tas. Wilson cannot compel Mr. Adye Douglas to complete the sporting offer he made in the Land Assessment Court. That a fancy fair or band concert for the purpose of securing additions to the zoological collection in the People's Park would be a happy idea. That the Salvation Army's farewell banquet to " Major " Dean was a frost. That Birchall Bros.' and Dturning's windows have been regarded as triumphs in the decorative art by those who have inspected them during the week. That the local jewellers resent the intrusion of the man from down South, and will. Sj^hoist him on his own petard, " reduced That the'idea of holding a conference of Australasian. Chambers of Commerce at Hobart during the exhibition is a good one. That Sir Bryan,-ifit^ghlen will pay his first vjsit to Tasmania whenthc^Federal Council meets. ~ •- V"'^. That it-. Deakin's advice to the ^torian people is " stick to your old principles and your old leaders." " That Mr. M'Donald produced a pair of legiroiis in the Queensland Assembly last weelsl 