NEWS OF THE DAY. The Premier, ncoompnnled by tb Treasurer, the Minister of Lands, the Chairman of Com mittees nnd tho party of mcmbore of Parlia ment who accompanied him to the Honetoun railway banquot, reaohed Molbourne by spcoial train lato last ovening. Upon arriving at Bal- lnrat Mr. Patterson was banded a telegram informing him that Sirs. Pattereon, who has boon in bad health for some time, is dangerously ill, nnd on leaving tbo Sponoer-streot station ho at onoo hurried home. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who Iisb noted as Pre mier during tho ahsoneo of Mr. Pattorson at the opening of the Hopotoun railway, reocived a cable message yostorday from Mr. Keid, Minister of Dafenee, stating that lie has arranged to loava London for Canada on tlia I8th inst., nnd that lie expeota to reaoli Molbourno on tha 10th Juns. As tho Colonial Conference to be lieid in Oannda will not take plaoe until 21st Juno, and ns Mr. Reid will not bo present, the Government will require to consider tho question of seleoting a ropresontatire. Daring tho month of BInroh tho value of the exports from Pretoria was £1,209,450; of the imports, £720, 06a For tiio two qunrtors, end ing with March, 1893 and 1894, tlie value of Im ports foil from £2,877,501 to £2,675,933, nnd tho exports rose from £3,252,826 to £3,678,943. The Minister of Railways has asked the com missioners to consider the question of raising tile minimum of quantity for goods. This ohangc was also considered by ths lata commis sioners, but tlrey thought it approaohed dangerous ground. The inorease of the minimum is contemplated for tho pnrposo of scouring better loads by carrying full truck consignments. A large portion of tbo trnffre is done in very small quantities, the minimum weight charged for being in many instances 2 tons, while tho truck could carry 10 tons with but small increnso of haulage power. In this respect thore is another illustration of tho liberality with whioh tho Yiotorian Railway department troats its cus tomers. Butter, for example, is earried in single boxes, whilo in America suah freights as wheat, buttor, eggs and fruit are carried on a 10-ton minimum. In the matter of wheat the Viotoriau Railways carry about 5 cwt. per ton more than th American railways. If the commissioners can sco their way to adopt the ncreascan effort will bo mads to indues the public to lond by tho truck rather than in small broken parcels, with a possible slight reduction of rata on tha 10-ton loads. Great difficulty is Anticipated, however, in inducing people to ohango their habit of loadiug small quantities. Mr. Richardson says that the pro posal is strengthened by the numbers of sugges tions ho has rscoived from station masters in roply to his circular, rocommonding that the minimum be raised, and giving examplos of tho way in which tho present low minimum oporatcs to the disadvantage of the depart ment. In America, if tho minimum is 20s. por ton, one owt. may bo carried for Is., but any thing ovor that is obargod as for a fall ton. The minimum in Victoria is considered far too low, and there is a wide spread opinion in the department in favor of nn increase. Mr. Richardson, Minister of Railways, was yesterday plnced in possession of the supple mentary report of tho Ringwood explosion board. The further inquiiy was undertaken at the request of ths Minister to try and fix tire responsibility for the acoident, as it appeared to him that tho syatsm of tho department was very loose in the matter of periodically calling in tbe engines for overhaul, The Slinister has examined the report, and states that tho hoard considers that the blame in the raattor fixes on Inspector Thompson, but that ths blame is mitigatod by the circumstance that no written instructions had been given to anybody with rcspoot to the overhaul of the engines. Tho Minister states that lie intends to still further follow up tho quostion, with tho view of remov ing the condition of things disolosed by tho Ringwood accident inquiry. Tho duties on wines and spirits wore under review by witnesses who gave evidonco before the Tariff Commission yesterday, and the con sensus of opinion amongst thom was Unit they were too high for any usoful purpose, re sulting in a falling off in tho revenue, nn attenuation of the trade nnd the in troduction of inferior imported spirits. One gontleman, whilst agreeing tlint coloninlly made brandy is good, intimntcd that nmongst his customers only wino brandy was saleable, and that the publio in London did not fancy it bccauso it was not wino brandy. Tho best colonial spirit ho had tasted was, ire said, some brandy made by tire R911- digo Distillery Company. A representative of the brewers of tho colony attended, and asked for tlie taxation of boor made with sugar, which is 97 jr por cent, of all the beer made in Viotoria, on tho samo terms as that made from malt and ' hops, on tho ground that as at present taxed tho mnkers of beer from sugar wore mado to contribute iu unduo proportion to the rovcuue, Tho ohainnan of directors of the Foster Lager Boer Company, on the other hand, appeared in support of the existing beer duties, stating that the company's produot was all mad from malt and hops, and that under the present tariff tho company is en abled to do a good Viotorinn business, cornel- dentally with building up nn oxtsnsivo ex port trade. A rope manufacturer and a maker of printers' inks were examined, and suggested new duties on various artioles in order to nsslst their respective iudustries. Finally, an agri cultural implement maker bore testimony that tho duties 011 matters affeoting his trade were in nil respeots satisfactory. Tho question of abolishing tho duty on bioyoios was further disoussed last night by the Victorian Longuo of Wheelmen, in tho Russell- stroet club. Sovernl manufacturers bod been invited to attend, and, as communicated to a representa tive of this journal, some Were present Dele gates were appointed to appear boforu the Tariff Commission to-day on behalf of both bicyclists and manufacturers to give evidence in sup port of admitting the maahines free in future. It is to be mentioned to the commission that manufacturers consider tho time is not ripo for stsrting the making of maohines on any extensive scale in Victoria, as thero ia not as yet sufficient encouragement. Further, that those who have already made bioyoios in execution of occasional ordsrs are willing to abandon the proteotive duty and til chanco of doing euoh work in future ' in favor of repairing. If this does not represent tlie feeling of the trado it will, of oourac, be neoeseary for manufacturere to appear beforo tho commieeioa and express their real views. "What are "cotton blankets"? A question of duty has been brought under tho uotiob of the Customs authorities with reference to the charge on certain woven rugs. Tho duty on woollen blankets and that on rugs nnd mats is tho ssmo, 35 per oonb.» Irrespootivo of the material. Importers are now Introducing what are styled "cotton blankets," and claim to get them admitted free on tho ground that thcro is no heading in tho tariff under which thoy can be charged duty. Tho contention of the depart ment Is that theso goods, whioh are mado up to imitate tho ordinary travelling rugs, with bright colored linos and checks, properly como within tho definition of rugs, as they are certainly not blankots in tho nccoptcd senso of tho term. Tho OustomH authorities liavo dcoided to waive the duty on imported tobacco leaf whioh is manufactured in bond to bo afterwards sported. Tho cheap oxeursion train from Ballarat, Croawick and AUcndnlo to Daylosford, arranged for tho aftornoon of Friday next, has boon altered to leave Ballarat at 11.30 a.m., instead of 2.17 p.m., returning at 6.50 p.m., instead of 7.40. On Monday mornings in future an additional train will bo ruu on the Elstcrnwiek line, leaving Melbourne at 5.15 a.m. and returning from Elsternwiok at 5.40. Tbis is to onablo oomroeroial travellers residing along that line, who, as a rule, when practicable, return to town at the end of the week, to catch the early Monday trains for the country. Since the Government announced its intention to offer a bonus for the first 10,000 tons of sugar produced in the colony from beetroots, the Agricultural and Lands departments have been inundated with letters from correspondents making suggestions as to how the scheme for distributing the bonus should be drawn up, and furnishing information respecting suitable localities for growing tho sugar boot. Mr. M. E. Mattingley in a letter to the Minister of Lands refers to the suitability of the Wandin district, a few miles beyond Lillydale, for the growth of the proper description of beet. He states that the volcanic or red soil characteristic of that district will produce more saccharine matter than greyish land with a clay subsoil, and asserts that the whole of the Dandenong State Forest, with little exception, would return a splendid profit in growing silver beet. Mr. Mattlngley points out that in order to command success growers will have to spend a lot of time in weeding out the plants when they are gradually arriving at maturity. The labor given in this direction will, however, be well repaid by a correspondingly heavier crop. Pressure is still being brought to bear on the Education department on behalf of many of tho married woman teachers, who have been notified that thoy must retire from the servico. This pressure is principally exercised In the form of a visit to tho offioos of the Minister by tho " mem- hor for tbo distriot," and during the past few days there wub amplo evidence that political inilueuco is still to bo reckoned with in the pub lio service Rut it has happened that Mr. Bakor has been out of town, nnd Mr. Tynan, secretary to tho dopartmcnt, has received tho sovoral representatives, promising in each oase to duly bring it under notico of tho Minister on his return to Melbourne next Mon day. In ono instance a teacher appoarcd on her own bohalf, and failing in hor entreaties to have her namo removed from the list, threat ened "oonsoquonoes" through a relative who is a member of Parliament. Mr. Tynan in formed this lady that hor conduot would bo rcportod to the Ministor. A departmental inquiry is to bediold in con nection with tho derailing of part of a train At Wallace station. From tho reports to lmnd, tho Traflic Manager indicates that the occurronoe was probably due to somo neglect of the regu lations. "With regard to tho complaint of tho want of light at Ballarat, whoro a shunter was recently killed through getting his foot caught between tho rails, it is pointed out that a similar acoident took placo only a short time before in tbo full light of tho platforms, and tub men aro caught in this way oven in broad daylight. A oircular is in existence speoially Advising Bhuntors to wear elastic sided or short top boots, tliiB liability to catch in the forks of the rails being a constant attondant on tho work of tho yard. Somo wooks ago a consignment of importod revolvers was stopped by the customs officials ou the ground that thoy were imitations of Messrs. Smith nud Wesson's well known weapons. As the nrtioles wore consigned from Hamburg and the invoioo was in tho German langungo, it was statod that theso revolvers wero German goods. Representations havo boon mado to tho customs authorities to tbo effect that tho revolvers wore not Gorman but Belgian, and that as tho patent rights had been purclmaed for Bolgium, there was no imitation or infringement. Some residents of Castorton district yesterday Applied to tho Railway Commissioners for an alteration of tho local train arrnngemonts by which passengers from Melbourne to Castorton might be carried through in a continuous journey instead of having to wait at Hamilton from about 1 a. m. to 6 a. m. Tho commissioners promised consideration, but reminded their visitors that tho request involved a serious diffi culty, as tho present arrangomont was adopted in tho interest of economical working, nnd the change asked for would increase the cost of tho sorvioe. The attention of the officers of the Lands department has been drawn to the complaint made at the last monthly meeting of the Fern Tree Gully shire council that the written offer to place a sum of £400 on the estimates to assist in making a road to the Sassafras Village Settlement was not sufficiently liberal, as it would cost between £1500 and £2000 to carry out the work. The departmental answer is that the £400 is merely intended to assist in clearing timber from the track, and not to form a road, except where siding cuttings may be necessary. It is asserted that the £400 will be sufficient for that purpose, and that the Minister never contemplated going beyond that limit. It will be seen by a paragraph in our Finance find Trade column that a meeting of the creditors of Mr. G. C. Clauscen, furniture warehouseman, of Gortrudc-strect, Fitzroy, was hold yesterday, at which a motion in favor of assignation was agreed to. Tho balance shoot Hhowod — assets, £61,934 Is. 8d.j liabilities, £67,265 10s. 2d.; dofioicnoy, £5281 8s. 6d. Wcdnosday next will be observed as a bank holiday at "Wangaratta ; Thursday as a pnblio I holiday in tho shiro of Maffra ; Friday, 20th I Inst., as a public and bank holiday in tho shires of Ohiltorn aud Mansfield ; Saturday, 21at inst., oa a bank holiday at Allendale and "Walhalla; Wednesday, 25th inst., as a public and bank holiday at Violet Town and in tho north riding of Euros shire, and as a bauk holiday nt Elmore. A public and bauk holiday on Thursday, 26th I April, has also boon proclaimed in tho Salo shiro, ob a publio holiday in tho Avon Bhiro and bauk holiday at Warrnambool ; and Tuesday, the 1st May, as a publio holiday throughout the Kilmoro shire. On Wednesday Mr. Clements, jun., repre senting the firm of Clomcnts and Son, pro vision agents, Glasgow, arrived in Melbourne. This firm handles a very largo amount of dairy produce annually, and tho object of Mr. Oloments's visit is to endeavor to Arrange with a fow of tho looal factories for the direct shipment to Glasgow of somo of thoir butter. Tho Kynotou factory always oonsign their buttor to Olcinonts and Son, and it is worthy of incntiou that Kyneton butter invariably comes out with tbo bestavoragc price at the end of each season. Mr. OlementB is at present stopping at the Grand llotol, and during a brief stay in the colony will visit a fow of the loading factories. Contrary to expectation, Mr. PurveB did not resume hia cross-examination of tho plaintiff yesterday iu tho case of James Hayes v. tho Aujfrafastan. It was cxpeotcd that there would be a furthor display of forensic hard bitting, but tho loarned Quoon'a counsel was not to attendance, aud hia junior announced that ibo cross-examination had closed, much to tho apparent disappointment of tho crowded court Mr. Leon put a few questions tho plaintiff iu re-examination, to fcivo f him an opportunity of repudiating tlio suggestion of tho defonea that ho was con nected with an outrage on an old man at wiudsor Tbon the plaintiff's father went into tbo box to bear testimony to tho goneral good behavior of his son He remarked that ho had nevor hoard a complaint against hi obaraoter as a jookoy until his certificate was refused. Ho gftvo his version of several of tho races in which ft was alleged tho plaintiff had ridden unfairly and from which tlio conclusion was to bo drawn that his riding was porfootly honoib in each raoc. Ho also donied that his son habitually associated with low fighting men and blnok- guards. Ho only know two of those mentioned, and ono of them, a gentleman glorying In tbo ollltorativo name of "Billy Book," ho said he had seen talking to Mr. Purvos. As soon as the plaintiff and his fathor in tho onflo of Hayes and the Australasian had quitted tho box yesterday, a wbolo string of owners, trainers, jookeys and betting men were put forward in support of tho plaintiff's ense. Each witnosa gavo his nooount of a particular raco or raocs, as the cose might lie, and all agreed in tire one particular that Hayes redo fairly in eaoh instance, and did not purposely interfere with othor horses orprovont his own from winning. Tho defenco had laid considerable stress on the allegation that Hayo hold Baltic back in two races at Epsom nnd Moonco Valloy ; but no fowcr than fivo witnesses yesterday testified to the fact that Baltic had not a ghost of a chance on oitber oooosion. and as a matter of fact had nevor yet won a race. The purpose of counsel in cross-examining these witnesses seemed to bo to discredit thoir evidenoe by revealing any little transgression that might havo occurred in thoir careors. In ono instnnco Mr. Purves was suggesting that a witness had boon guilty of one or two "shady" things. In rn-nxamimvtinn Mr. Duffy nuked him if ho had ever committed a burglary at Mr. Piirves's house. " No," replied the witnoss, soizing tho opportunity for a thruRt nt tho learned Queen's counsel, " but I havo seen him in my baok yard, I think." At this the court and Mr. Purves laughed heartily, and shortly after wards adjourned till to-day, when farther evi dence will bo given for the plaintiff. Tbo litigation over tho will of the Into R. G. W. Allan, licensed victualler, of Auburn, was concluded in the Supreme Court yesterday before Mr. Jufltioo A'Boclcett. The will was ohallonged by tho widow, on tho ground that some timo before. the present will was excouttd tho testator and she fligned "mutual wills," each leaving a life interest to tho othor, and it was oontonded by hor counsel on the Authority of a case decided in tho 17th century that neither party could revoke such a will without notico to tho othor. It was pointed out on the other hand by counsel for tho executors that recent decisions of tho Viotorian court had upset tho old ruling. Ills Honor said ho had no doubt as to tho law being on tho side of tbo executors, and the only question was that of costs. It appeared that tho caveatrix had withheld from tho oxecutors tho grounds on whioh she based hor opposition, and this had led to a great waste of timo and money and "a solemn and in- dcoont farco " whioh would liAve been avoided if she lmd in a plain and straightforward mannor stated tho ground on whioh sho op posed probate. It was a wanton and reckless piece of litigation, and ho must make tho rule absolute for tho probate to issue with costs against hor. A short time hack Mr. Garaot "Walch applied to Mr. Justico Holroyd for an iujunotion to restrain Mr. Win. Anderson, theatrical manager at Bendigo, from produoing the pAntomimo Sindbad tho Sailor, of whioh Mr "Walch claimed the copyright. His nonor refused to make the order ex parte , as ib might entail distress upon a number of person and he suggested that notioo of the application should be served upon tho defendant. Since then negotiations of a friendly character havo boon entered into by the parties, tho result of which is that tho defendant lias -consented to pay tho costs of Mr. "Walch's legal proceedings and to recognise him as tho solo proprietor of the copyright in tho pantomime. Proceedings havo consequently been discon tinued, and the piece is now being produced at Ballarat. An ordor wns yesterday made absolute by Mr. Justice Holroyd for tho compulsory sequestra tion of tbo estate of Wm. Eyres, of Miram Piram, farmer. " I am an uncompromising opponent of bimetallism, and a stanch supporter of mono metallism." Such was in effect tho koyuoto of a locture dolivcred last ovening nt tho Bankers' Institute by Mr. William Tumor, inspector of branches of the Commercial Bank. Ho con tended in most empliAtio terms that the alleged bimetallism whioh existed in France between 1803 and 1873 was practically monometallism. Such had always been, and over would bo, tho enso, as it was wholly impossible to maintain tbo ratio botweon gold and oilvor. Holding, as he did, that it was impossible to maintain tho Iogal ratio between thoBo two metals, his only con clusion was that bimetallism was utterly im practicable. Tho lecture, which wns presided over by Mr. P. Itcid, vice president of the institute, was dolivcred before a large number of members and visitors, and at its conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was ncoordod to Mr. Turner. Tho commanders and officers of tho Austrian nnd Russian men of war now in tho harbor paid a formal visit to the Mayor of Melbourne (Or. A. Snowdou) yesterday aftornoon. Tho Mayor aud Mayoress received the guests in the Msyor's parlor, and subsequently conduotcd thom over tho various offices in the building. They then repaired to the large hall, and wore present at Mr. David Lee's organ recital. The Railway department yesterday accepted the tender of D. Cahir for the supply of 1000 tons of firewood at Lal Lal, at 3s. a ton. Tho Allianoe Frauaiso reasscmblod yester day ovening for the first timo after its summer recess, and tho occasion was specially marked by tlio visit of tho Russian nnd Austrian naval officers, and by the introduction of a novelty in tbo programme— tho reading of a comedy entitled Los Jurons do Cordillno, by Piorre Burton, which was recited with admirable humor by M. Poutiatn, the Russian consul, and was greatly enjoyed by a very largo audience. Another pleasant feature of tho evening's entertainment was tho recitation of a scouc from Moliere's evergreen comedy, Les Femmes Savantcs, in whioh the poet Trissotin rc&ds; his sonnet nnd epigram to a little circlo of ndrnirers, who find them sublimo in their very banality. The archness, tho dolicato humor and the verve with which Madomoisello Dreyfus recited tho dialogue nnd differentiated tho various characters and her gleeful laugh showed how well sho had profited by her lessons in tho art of elocution in Paris. The musical numbers of tho programme were contributed by Mrs. Cave and by Mrs. S. Aronson, aud proved highly attractive. An ordinary mooting of tho Royal Society of Victoria was hold at tho rooms In Viotoria- street last evening, tlio principal business being the reading nnd discussion of n paper by Mr. Isa&o; Tipping, O.E., on the principles govern ing tho economio application of laud irrigation. Ho admitted that in a warm country audi as the colony of Victoria thore would be occasionally limited oirourastanccs favorablo to profitable irrigation apparently independent of any specific prin ciples ; but ho maintained that there was ample land in tho colony having a sufficiency of rain fall for a hundredfold tbo farmers at present in occupation. An enterprising Swedish journalist is now in Melbourno on tho not too enjoyable contract of travelling round tho world on nothing, tho work to be completed within Bix months. Mr. John Frodor Wconor, travelling representative of tho Ryu Dagligt AUehanad, Stockholm, is tlio journalist iu question; nnd iu pursuance of his mission ho is now serving as an ordinary aeamnn on board tho R.M.S. Oroyn, after having previously crossed tho Pncifio as steerago steward's assistant on tho San Francisco mail steamer Alameda. Tboro soems to be little room for doubting that, bar accidents, Mr. Weener will easily complote his round the world contract on time He started from Chicago, where ho was engaged ou tho Figaro, on 23rd January, got to San Francisco by noting as assistant fireman ou railway engines when lie could, walking whon ho could not, and gottiug along as well as he could generally with a temperature undor zero. Ho left San Francisco on 9th March, reached Syduey 4th April, left thcro in tbo Oroya on tbo 7tb, and reokons to be in England on the 24th May, making thonce for New York and so back to Chicago, whoro be is due on or boforo 23rd July. The Royal Oomio Opera Company, after a most successful season at tho Frinoess's Theatre will give tbelr farewell performance in Melbourne this ovening, whon Princess Ida will be given for ibe last time. To-morrow evening the annual dramatlo season will be inaugurated by the pro duction of A Woman's Revenge, Pettltt's last work and said by many to bo by far his best. Undor tlio tltlo of "Tbo Now Melbourne Art Club " somo 20 or 30 well known artists mot together lost night to form themselves into & new society of looal artists. The movement hns been Initiated at tbo invitation of Mr. J. Lake, who has bocn constituted director and business mnnngor of tho club. Tho old Oity Court Building, in Swanston- strcet, offered all tho advantages of a woll lighted spacious gallery in a oentral position, and it lias accord ingly been secured from the Oity Corporation for the purpose of an exhibition of pictures to bo opened in about 10 days' time. Next Monday and Tuesday, up to 1 o'olock, havo been fixed as the days for resolving works, and tho oxhihition is expected to be opened on Tuesday wool:, and to remain open for a month Messrs. Beauchnnip Bros, will submit to auction at Constantia, No. 2 IMawarra- road, Auburn, this afternoon, a villa and land. Messrs. Campbell and Sons announce that tlioy will sell by auction, at Kirk's Bazaar at noon to day, a property of 905 acres, situated near Barber's Croek railway station. Tho Sisters of Mercy in chargo of St. Vlncont do Paul's Orphanage, South Melbourne, acknowledge tho receipt of a largo parcel of useful clothing from Mrs. Thompson Moore, Kow. Tho Women's Franchfso Society advertise in our columns a mooting to bo hold this ovening, at tlio W.C.T.U. rooms, to answer inquiries and enrol ndw mombors. Tho ineocinc will hn onen to tho public. By an orror in our Jbsuo of yesterday Messrs. Ham wore advertised as Belling land in Napier- fitrcot, close to station, Footscray, at 12 o'clock ou that day. Tho date of tho salo is next Thursday, 19th inst., and ib is so advertised in our Isslio of to-day. A lecture on tho soworngo system of Molbourne will he dolivcred by Mr. W. Thwaltes, engineer in chief to the Metropolitan Board of Works, at tho South Melbourne town hall this ovening. During tho lecture Mr. Alex. Gunn will exhibit a number of viows of tlio soworago works. 