A CRY OF DESPAIR FROM SIBERIA. A Russian political prisoner in exile in Siberia wrote to a friend in European Russia depicting the miseries of his life in this forgotten and God-forsaken Arctic den, beyond the boundaries of civilisation." The letter, which is published in the current number of Free Russia, took six months in running the gauntlet of the Czar's Argus-eyed officials. It is dated June, 1893, at Kolymsk. a Siberian town of COO inhabitants, located far to the north. "During the first period of my life here," writes the exile, "I thought it would be an interesting work to send to my friendsmoreor less detailed accounts of the peculiar conditions of life into which we, a little handful of Europeans, have suddenly been thrown conditions to which we are as unfit. to adapt ourselves as a little body of civilised travellers, shipwrecked on the coast of I Greenland, would be to arrange their lives in accordance with the habits and _ circumstances of the native Esquimaux. But most of my manuscripts never reached the persons to whom they were sent, and now even the desire to write them is gone. My own amazement at the extraordinary surroundings here has grown fainter and fainter. Life in Kolymsk sucks everyone down into itself. It seems to me now like a far off dream that somewhere in the world there are big towns, filled with people, with large shops, with houses of several storeys, with pavements on which great crowds of people go to and fro; that there are lands where the rivers begin to flow in February and do not freeze till November ; where, instead of snow-covered swamps, there are fields with thick, standing corn and gross ; lands where there are woods and gardens, with green leaves on the trees ; where the people live on broad and varied vegetable food. For us, reality consists of a perpetually frozen desert, covered with little hill- locks and _ overgrown with stunted arches, which can hardly force their roots through the eternally frozen soil ; a cold and filthy you're, hardly a fib to be called a human habitation, even by people accustomed to the poverty-stricken cabins of the Russian peasantry s for food, rotting fish for clothing, such rags as are left of our European dress and rough native gar months of half-cured skins for the rest, solitude, silence, and lifelessness. I think the ghosts that wandered mourn- fully along the banks of Acheron, lamenting aloud for their lost earthly life, must have felt what we feel, dragging out our lives alone on the battles of the River Kolyma. The utter lack of all aim or interest, forgetfulness of the past, and indifference to the present are steadily taking hold upon us all." 