Ebenezer Church. JOHNSON'S dab-and-wattle Church, built in 1793, and the first regular place of worship in these colonies, had but a brief existence. The demoli tion of its successor, the "old St Phillip's," begun by Hunter, but not finally completed (ac cording to Benwick) till 1807, is an event within the memory of living persons, and still deplored by the conservative among them. The quaint towers supporting St John's, Parramatta - sole remnant of the church raised there in 1803 - were added to the body of the original building by an afterthought of Mrs Macquarie; consequently it has been customary to regard St James', Syd ney, and St Matthew's, Windsor - both opened for divine service in the same year, 1822 - as the two oldest surviving churches in Australia. Yet there is another, older than either of them, the Church of Ebenezer, near Pitt Town, on the Hawkesbury. Being so, it is well worth a visit. Let us approach it from Windsor; and, driving up George-street, and passing round by Thompson's Square, descend the river bank, cross the bridge, leave the blue line of the coast range to the left, and, bearing northward, take the road to Wilber force, noting as we turn the corner a defaced and crumbling tenement, said to have stood there time out of mind, and with something in the very squalidness of its decrepitude which involuntarily attracts attention. It was once a public-house, and is believed to have been the scene of violent deeds in the lawless long ago. Strange incongruity of mundane things! The stately piles of the Tuileries and of St Cloud - scarce spotless in their reputation either, yet models of architectural ele gance - have perished by the hands of popular fury, and this unsightly hovel still remains, an ugly spectre of the past! Under the gray Sep tember sky, flecked by shifting clouds, "long fields of barley," giving promise of abundant har vest, lie alongside the flinty road, the luxuriance of the present season reminding us how lately the inhabitants of the district had been in fear of a heavy flood, and of how often in times past, when the young colony could ill bear the strain, these rich lowlands had been swept by the destroying waters. The years 1799, 1800, 1806, 1811, and 1817 were all remarkable for great floods, but of none are such disastrous records left as of that of 1806. The one journal of the colony at the time speaks of the "distress and horror" of that memorable March evening when the waters bad reached their height, as something which " could neither be imagined nor described," the entire pain being submerged and only the roofs of a few houses visible, while on all sides were heard the cries of people escaping for their lives, the musket-shot signals of distress, tbe bowling of terrified dogs driven to refuge in the branches of trees, and the splash of oars as tbe rescue boats plied ceaselessly to and fro. The names of Arndell, Biggers, and Thompson are mentioned as among those most actively instrumental in preserving life, the latter saving 100 persons, whom he took from rafts and housetops, and Biggars as many as 150. Among remarkable escapes is told the story of a settler named Leeson, who, together with his wife, mother, and two children, was carried down the river on a barley mow, the whole party being finally saved, though not without difficulty, from their precarious craft. It is not surprising to bear that after this wheat rose to 70s and 80s the bushel, or that it should be on record that the sum of £7 sterling was actually paid on the 22nd November following to a settler on the river for a bushel of seed maize. It is to the credit of both Gidley King and his successor Bligh (who arrived in August of the same year) that they showed themselves anxious to do all in their power to alle viate the long-continued sufferings entailed by the calamity; King appointing Samuel Marsden, Thomas Arndell, and Nicholas Bayley to inquire into the losses sustained, and allowing all who had incurred Government debts to have their wheat taken at 15s., barley at 8s., maize at 6s. per bushel, and those owing no Government debts to have wheat taken at 12s., good barley at 7s, good maize at 6s.; and Bligh (in the first month of his Administration) directing that a committe of 1o of the most respectable inhabitants should be authorised to report on individual cases, and after wards issuing an order for relieving the most necessitous of these till harvest time, by a weekly dole of two bullocks from the Government stock. Notwithstanding the idle mills, where Hawkesbury wheat is no longer ground, and which stand as silent witnesses to land too prodigally used, the prosperous appearance of the homesteads now scattered throughout the neighbourhood indicates a period far removed from that of early struggle, the "elevated" barns for raising the grain beyond flood reach demonstrating the prudence taught by hard experience, and the air of trim, English-like neatness everywhere observable bearing out the eulogiums passed on the notable habits of the Hawkesbury agriculturists in an old almanac, while it calls up at the same time a smile at the rememberance of Macquarie's enjoining on them "a greater attention to domestic comfort and cleanliness." Obedience must have resulted in a virtue which has evidently become hereditary. And now we are at Wilberforce, which, although four miles from Windsor, is classed in the Almanac for 1835 already quoted, as being one and the same settlement with that town and with Richmond Here progress seems to have been arrested long ago, and the whole township to be sitting down watching the march of foreign improvement in sleepy, philosophic quie - a new house we are told, being an event once and again in the term of years. An ancient dovecot raised on piles, the the very patriarch of its kind, greets us on one band at the entrance to the village, and on the ot her we mark a deserted hut, its tottering timber frame gaping like the ribs of a stranded ship, and holding together as if by mere tenacity of custom. Further on is a Wesleyan chapel, dating from 1862 ; and on thehill to the left the English church. One well-preserved two-storey house is shown as hav ing once been under water, and the prevailing air of local neatness about the inhabited cottages is a pleasing set-off against the unmistakeable slow ness of the general aspect. From Fleming's Hill we catch a glimpse of the windings of the Hawkes bury, and then pass on to the Sackville Reach road. Dull and monotonous as this bush track seems, it is not without its tales of thrilling interest. " The Ghost's Culvert" indicates the spot where a savage murder was once committed, and derives its name from the popular belief that the spirit of the victim had often been observed hovering round the scene of its rude dismissal from the body. And near this is a small heap of stones by the way side, the memorial of an even sadder tragedy, for here, some years ago, consumed by a bush fire which raged on both sides of the road, perished at unfortunate lady, a resident of the disrict. And now, striking eastward, a short drive through bush fragrant with yellow flowering wattles bring us to a white gate, within which is Ebenezer Public School, with the children's hats hanging within the porch, and the buzz of lessons coming through the open windows. A little onward, another white gate, and, standing within its grave yard, the old church of Ebenezer is before us, a humble little structure enough, yet, despite its homely masonry and small proportions, wearing a quaint and time-worn look withal - as we with our hund red years of national existence rate time - which invests it with an interest all its own. Built of grayish stone, it is about 40 x 15ft in length, and about rift to the eaves of the low stated roof, which has replaced the original shingles, and with four windows of 18 small panes on each side but none at either end. These windows are not at all placed at regular distances from each other, for between each pair is a wide gap, once filled on the eastern side by a door (now blocked up and over spread by the branches of a lemon tree), but with nothing on the western side to break the curiously disproporlioned effect given to it by the irregularity - an irregularity traceable to the cir cumstance that the building at first served a double purpose, the northern end being used as a church, and the southern partitioned off as a school and schoolmaster's residence, with a staircase and room above. The partition is now removed and the whole space thrown into the church, the straight-brow ed old school door, admitting into an interior as unpretentious as the outside would lead us to expect. At one glance we take in the white- washed camp-ceiling roof and walls ; the glazed windows ; the rough, undressed, narrow wooden pews ; the two old-fashioned square ones flanking the small pulpit, with its flight of steps covered ! with faded carpets, and its crimson trappings, | yellow-fringed and faded too ; the plain communion table ; the kerosene lamps hanging from iron brackets upheld by cedar holes. But, knowing that the primitive little place has an individual history, not without its touch of pathos, we look round on all with interest. A band of English Presbyterians or Nonconfor mists, chiefly mechanics by occupation, emigating from London, arrived in Sydney in 1802 and form ed a settlement on the Hawkesbury. Desirous of having a place in which to worship, they built this church on the river bank by their united exertions in the year 1808, quarrying the stones in the neighbourhood, and carrying them in their boats to the site. Here for years they worshipped, one of their number, who had acted as a kind of catechist on the voyage out from England, and afterwards conducted divine service regularly in any place convenient, officiating as lay minister, the Rev John Dunmore Lang being the first ordained clergyman who occupied the little pulpit. This was not until 1822, when the young Scotch man, who was destined to take so prominent a position in colonial affairs, had but lately arrived from the old country ; and it is amusing to bear that in 1872. when taking a Sunday's duty for the Windsor clergyman, he told his friend that he had preached in his pulpit the same sermon delivered 50 years before, in Eben ezer. The rev doctor has left a record of a com munion service which he held here in 1824, des cribing it as the most solemn and affecting of the kind he had ever been privileged to dispense, there being few of the congregation, so long de prived of participation in the most sacred, rite of the Christian Church, who were not moved to tears. Although originated, as we have seen, by a body of Nonconformists from England, the church, together with a portion of land annexed, eventually passed into the hands of the Scotch colonial Presbyterians, and - an arrangement having been entered into for his support \- Dr Lang sent out a Presbyterian minis ter to Ebenezer from Scotland in 1825. ' Service is now conducted in it by the clergyman from Pitt Town. Curious accounts are given of the psalmody formerly practiced here. Only three among the congregation, it is said, were gifted with musical powers, and one of these was the precentor. If either of his colleagues chanced to be absent, 1 the result was a duet; if both were, the forsaken choirmaster (who is reputed to have known as many as two or three tunes) sang solo. This percentor, whose name was Anderson, also filled the office of schoolmaster, and taught and disciplined more than one generation ol Hawkesbury natives. His remains now lie in the graveyard hard by the scene of his earthly labours. The square pew on the left hand of the pulpit belonged to Thomas Arndell, as sistant surgeon to the first Fleet; but, although the family name may be seen inscribed on one of the tombs here, he himself, being an official of position, was buried in the more public cemetery of St Matthew's, Windsor. At Ebenezer, as in all the early colonial cemeteries, there appears to have been no sectional plan for the graves, which are not numerous, but are kept, on the whole in good repair, and present the usual monumental variety of headstone, tablestone, and sarcophagus shaped tomb covering the family vault. The names evi dence a mixture of nationalities, some being of Eng lish, some of Scotch, and at least one of Welsh origin. The oldest decipherable dates are 1812 and 1813\. Ebenezer is sometimes known as Portland Head Church, from a promontory of that name further down the river, and so-called from the rock bearing a resemblance to the Duke of Portland of the time. Whether the name Ebenezer was given in Scrip tural allusion to the "stone of help," to commemor ate perils past, and in gratitude to the good land opened up to them by Providence, or merely in ac cordance with the custom of English Nonconform ists designating their meeting-houses as Beulahs, Hephzibahs, Siloams, or similarly suggestive titles, we have no present means of determining. It is most probable to have been a mingling of both motives. Its isolated position promises to ensure the edifice standing as it is for some time to come, and it is to be hoped that those descendants of the builders still resident on the Hawkesbury will make it their care to preserve so interesting a relic of the piety and the handicraft of their fore fathers, for by them it should be regarded with something of the same reverence as the children of the Pilgrim Fathers must have looked upon the first log hut set apart for united worship which rose upon the "wild New England shore." And the comparison is suggestive, for it is related of one of the founders of Ebenezer that, smarting under presssure of an arbitrary custom, winked at by the easy going legislature of the age, he volun tarily relinquished home and fatherland, to seek entire freedom in the new country beyond seas. We stand outside here among these founders' graves. The morning clouds have cleared away, and through the stainless blue of the Australian sky the sun is shining on the worn grey stones, and lighting up the verdure of the luxuriant spring ; the river flows placidly below, and on its opposite bank a ruined windmill - conjured by fancy into likeness of an old peel tower of the wild border clan whose name may be read on one of the monuments around - peeps out from between the trees; and to them and to their times thought naturally reverts. Times so unlicensed that the members of this very church had to provide a communion service of pewter, lest silver should be stolen; so toilsome that subsistance was gained under protest, and the crops, sown painfully in virgin soil, had to be guarded from the blacks by day and from the kan garoo by night ; when famine often stared them in the face and hard labour always. And we contrast them with our own, so recently removed in point of years, so far in progress and in social conditions, that in place of such homely essays as the little chapel to which we bid farewell, we now have churches complete in every particular of architec tural detail, scattered throughout both town and country; that for every standstill hamlet, like Wilberforce, we can count a score of rising towns; that the disused wheat-mills cannot paralyse the general market, nor could one flood bring us with in rage of a grain famine; when an organised police and an established civil system render of rare occurrence, and to be visited with swift ven- geance, such deeds as disgraced the ancient public house. We look across the Blue Mountains re- membering the story of the poor exile who broke from Castle Hill in the forlorn hope that by scal- ing them he might reach again the home which lay thousands of leagues beyond the ocean, and how the limited knowledge of the day, deeming them impassable, commented after on his folly. We drive down the main street of Windsor, pass the red mass of St Matthew's, and the long low roofs of Captain Brabyn's mansion, and marvel on our homeward way at the changes a few decades have effected - changes more rapid than any which could have been foreseen by the pioneer settlers who 80 years ago raised their Ebenezer on land re- deemed from the wilderness. 1889\. M.. 