ROUND THE WORLD. A VICTORIAN SEPTUAGENARIAN'S EXPERIENCES. In ahandsomely got up andwellillustrated volume, a respected Melbourne citizen records his impressions of a journey round the world in 1800. Though printed for private circu lation only, if we may judge by the pleasure and profit derived from its perusal, the pub lishers, Messrs Ford and Son, Carlton, will have many applications for copies. The well-known figure of Mr W. levers, son., is familiar to most Mel bourne residents; few however, know that the staid old gentleman, who for forty years has gone out and in amongstus, hadspent a stormy and adven turous youth in the British Navy, seeing service on many seas, meeting with adven. tures in many lands. To his naval experiences he added those of a pioneer in Canadian forests before finally settling down in Mel bourne. Here by strenuous and un wearied industry, he has won for him self a position of comfort, and the respect of his follow-oitizens. Strong in will, like Tennyson's Ulysses, he could not bring him self " to rust unburnished, not to shine in use ;" so in 1890, accompanied byhis son, the popular member for Carlton, he old gentleman started to explore new lands and revisit old scenes. In a faithfully kept and unpretending journal of each day's experiences, he recorded his impressions of men and manners, and he has now, in his "Fifty Tearsa After: or Old Scenes Re visited," given these pe'iint? oiri?Im-T-di kindly and sympathetic preface, Mr James Moloney, with admirable literary tacr, intro. duces his old friend, and rings up the curtain. The journey itself, inoludingvisita to Egypt, Palestine, Italy, France, Great Britain, Ire land, Canada, and the United States was aremarkable feat for one of Mr levers' years. Still more remarkable is the personality re vealed in its record. To the keenest sus ceptibility for all that attests material pro gresa and prosperity there is added that responsiveness to the storied and romantic past only possible for a well-cultivated mind. Due note is taken of the benefits of British influence in Egypt, of the new life in re generated Italy, of the social betterment of the working classes in England and Ireland, and of the social problems in course of solution in the New World. But not less interesting are the pas sages which chronicle the emotions stirred by the sights of Jerusalem, by the Jordan and other sacred scenes, by Pompeii, Rome: Stratford-on-Avon, Abbotaford and other spots famed in story. Old age has come to the writer as " a lusty winter, frosty, but kandl," leaving unhilled the genu?in athoity of spirit which glows on every page, undeadened the simple, childlike piety, of whlch this unpretending record furnishes so many proofs. We cull one or two extracts for the benefit of our readers. A BENDIGONIAN AND THE RESURRECTION. SWe were nearing Colombo. During the night there was heavy rain and a thick fog; so much so that the captain, for safety, slowed the engines and kept blowing the fog horn. A Jewish gentleman, who hails from Sandhurst, was woke up out of his sleep by the horn blowing. Startled by the fearful noise, in the confusion, and only half awake, he took it into his head that the ship was being lost, and that it was the blowing of the horn which is to assemble allthe Children of Israel in Palestine at the last day. This gentleman was greatly comforted on dis covering his error, and said he was in no hurry to visit that country so long as he could help it. Possibly champagne over night hadsomething to do with his delusion. However, we have to thank him for a good laugh." "An amusing incident at Colombo will gladden the heart of Mr Fitzgibbon: THE MAGIC OF A NAME. "During our brief stay in Colombo we chartered several vehicles, each holding four persons, and made up a party to visit the suburbs, cinnamon groves, markets, and a famous Brahma temple, and also to explore the native town. Two or three miles out we came on a museum of very pretentious ap pearance. It was then 9 o'clock, and the doorkeeper said it would not be open to anyone till ten, as the curator and other high officials hadnot arrived. The morning was very hot, and we were all anxious to get under shelter, so my son resolvedto test the power of the Melbourne Corporation intro duction, with its formidable gold seal and Town Clerk's letter, on the official mind. It was enclosed in aerimson morocco case let teredin gold. I, asthesenior member of the company, presented it to the door- keeper. He took itinside for a few minutes, then the chief attendant, accompanied by other of ficials, appeared in person, bowing in the most courteous manner, and motion. ing to us and our friends to enter the building. I suspect he must have thought us very important personages, as our credentials were a perfect "open sesame," and in the most polite manner he showed us all over the building. Relics of the past of every kind were here to be seen, both in their natural state and pre served-birds, beasts, fishes, gods and goddesses, jewellery two thousand years old, 1 armor of the quaintest kind. We thanked the janitor, and after the usual backsheesh to the attendants, bade him good-bye, mounted our carriages, the officials bowing low to the ground, and drove off." A mournful interest gives value to the following kindly and sympathetic notice of A LAMENTED MELBOURNE PASTOR. " Sunday, 9th March.--We expect this evening to enter the Straits of Babelman deb, the entrance to the Red Sea. Church service was conducted in the saloon by the Rev. Mr Ross; and the Rev. Mr Bunning, assisted by Mr Ross, conducnoted two religious servicesonthesecondeabin deck. MrBon ning appears to me to be a very zealous, God fearing man. Mrs Bunning renders great service by vieiting and assisting a lot of poor sick people in the steerage of the ship, and I have heard severalof them speak in the most grateful terms of her kindness and charity towards them." POMPEII. "' What a mockery of humangreatneseand human vanityisea walk through this silent city of the dead. There ieens cused seeis s of it that conveys an awfnlleesounto allmoral thinking men, that special portiondevoted to nameless vices, which, thank God, a large portion of thte Christian world is perfectly ignorant of. Such prao tices were degrading to our common human nature, but so debased and sank in sensunality must these people have been that the common shame which usually accompanies these evil practices was notknownto them. In the various chambers where these unnatural orgies took place the walls are covered with filthy pictures in full detail, so well exencuted that after the lapse of eichteenhundred years many of the colors and figures are still perfect, and no one who sees them can fail to loathethose ile produnc . tions and their authors. No wonder, I think, that the same fate that befell the cursed cities of the Plain--Sodom and Gomorrah- whose site we had lately visited I on the dead sea shore, befell them. [ was glad to observe that no females or yonths are permitted to inspect these rooms; a soldier goes with each pasty to see that the rule is complied withk. As a wind-up to the visit to Pompeii, we went to the National Museum, and, as an object lesson, it has made an indelible impression on my mind. There exposed to view are all the appliances that make every.day life enjoyahbes; thoe ancient people knew all about them, most thingsweenujoym our daily life are there, and as for the jewellery and articles in gold and solver, set with precious stones for female adornment, they are there in profusion. Loaves of bread and- confectionery found in the bakers' ovens are there perfect in form. The sight, too, of the poor bodies of men, women and children, just as they were found, some in apparent agony endeavoring a to shield their faces from the burning lava is sad indeed: amongst them lie a poor woman and her daughter clasped together in the last mortal agony." Mr levers found the Now Rome of land booms and joerry-builders' triumphs not at all the Rome of his imagination. He had however,nocause to complain of his recep- t tion. Among the highplaoed dignitaries of the Pontifical court he found some who P cherished moatkindlymemories of Melbourne a So forthe sake of old times dificulties were t smoothed away, etiquette had to relax its runles, and by special favor our author and a party of his fellow travellers had AUDIENCE OF HIS HOLINESS, THE POPE. " At a quarter to twelve our party set out in three'carriagesfor the palace of the Vatican, andwere met at the foot of the grand stair. case of white marble by the Swiss Guard, a fine-looking set of men in semi-armor and hfteenth century dress, armed with long, ormidable-looking pikes and shore swords; the dress quaint, but soldier-like. We mounted those beautiful stairs leading to the private apartments of the Pope, and were son in the midst of, evidently, the holiest, the fairest, and the bravest in the land. Soon we found ourselvesin the large apartment ad joining the Grand State Room, in which his Holiness reoeives his visitors, and after our letter of admission was " vi.eed " by officials of most solemn appearanc-. we wore intro dnued into the reception room, an apartment of most gorgeous and eplkdid appearance, with a rich, ancent-looking tapestry pour. fraying Scripture and historic subjects. A raised velvet divan ran all round the room, the centre being altogether unoccupied. Among the grand officials that we met before entering the reception room I recognised Monsignor O'Brien, a dignitary whom I remembered as a guestat the house of our respected priest in Carlton, theoev. Father O'Connell. Monsignor seemed to be a leading personage here, and spoke most kindly to us. In the grand reception room we found a crowd of ecolesiastics, ladies, gentlemen, all seated, and evidently of exalted rank, judging from the atten tion paid to them by the house hold prelates and officers of the court. After a short delay a alight buzz was heard, and at the far corner throngha doorway ap atteadanta, airdina and bishops. All at. once fell on their knees, and the Pope, who - was dreoed plainly in white flannel, or very light cloth, with crimson skull cap and erosses on his white shoes, very thin, slightly bent with years, but of a most amiable ap pearance, commenced to progress slowly round with a kind word or other ex psession to every one, signing most of them with the sign of the cross on their forehead. Of our company Willie and I were furthest from him. I caught the words "Australis," "Protestant," uttered by the grand secretary. When he was ia front of our company he seemed pleased, and elevated himself when addressing our non Catholicfellow-tourists, speaking a kind word to each lady and gentleman. When he reached us, I being nearest, he paused. The Cardinal said, "Catholic, father and son." He spoke in Italian, and the Holy Father laid his hand on my head. I asked his blessing for self and family, which he imparted to me most solemnly, and gave me his ring to kiss, which I did uo the most reverent manner. lie passed on to Willie, who was evidently much affooted, and dealt with him much as he had done with me. Many of the visitors had quantities of beads and relics to receive the Apostolic benediction with themselves. When the Pope had gone quite round to the place whence he started, he suddenly advanced unattended, and alone into the centre of the room, all assembledbeing on their knees, and elevating himself to his dullest height be throw his hands high over his head' and said I that we were aR the children of God, our common Father, and as such he blessed up. He then dropie4 his left hand, and signinagthe cross in the air over us all, imparted to us and our families the Apostolic benediction in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. At this moment the scene was most awe-inspiring, several ladies andgentlemen, sobbing loudly, and all deeply impreseedwith the solemn scene. His Holiness then took his departure, and we went back to our hotel highly pleased sad edified." Gladly would we follow Mr levers to England, Scotland, Ireland and America. The interest of his volume rises step by step as he treads famihar ground, and notes the results of fifty years of change. There is much that is new and suggestive in his pie tures of the homelands, but our spa:ea comn pels us to part from him. There is both pleasure and profit to be derived from the perusal of his delightful volume, and we are sure that no one will close it without an in. creased feeling of admiration and respect for the venerable anther. Jonst RaBm . 