'SHI IORMOF SfOBLBIl 8EiH8E. A DOCTOR'S STOBY . Iwaammy«msuitttiR-tooitt one morning €mihad just said good-bye to the last of my 'jiatienb?, when my servant came In. and told tneth&tal;&dy; feadaelled viio pressed very Gsrnwtiy for an interview with me. M iX told her that yon ware jost going out, ir, said the man, "andehe saw the carriage fit the door ; hut she begged to see yon, if \- only to two infantes. Thteyhercai-i" j X road tbe words, < Lady Studley." _ 4J3how her In, I said hastily, and the fcext momenta tall, slightly-made, fair-haired girl entered the room. . She looked vary young, scarcely more than twenty, and I oould hardly believe that she' x?as, what her oard indicated, a married woman. The color rnehed into her cheese as aha ' held out her hand to me. X motioned her to 'fi chair, mid then asked her what I could do for her. 4t Oh, yon can help me," shesaid, olaeying her hands and speaking in & slightly theatrical -i finanner. "My husband, Sir Henry Stndley , h very n&weB;, and X mat yon to come to eeehim-- can you P— will you ?" 41 With pleasure," I replied "Where do yon live P" " At Studley Grange, in Wiltshire. Dou't you know our place 1" ' I daresay J ought to know it," X replied, c< although at the present moment I can't recall tbo name, xoc want me to come to see your husband. J presume you wish me to have a consultation with his wlWl at \- Aecdant P" " No, no, not at all. The fact is, Sir Henry has not got a medioalatteDdant He dislike doctors, and won't see one. I want you to come and stay with ub lor a week or eo. 1 1 have heard of you through mutual friends— the OzlbIowb. I know you can effect remark- able cures, and yon have a great deed of tact. 3Bni you can't possibly do anything for my husband unless you are willing to stay in the house and to notice his symptoms." Lady Studley spoke with great emph&eis; and earnestness. Her long, slender hands were clasped tightly together. She had drawn off her gloves, and was bending forward in her chair. Her big, childish aod nomewfaat resilesa blue eyes were fixed' im ploringly on my face. " Hove my husband," she said, tears sud denly filling them — "and it is dreadful, dreadful, to see him sufler as ' he does. He will die nnle&B; someone comes to his aid. 'Oh, I know 1 am asking an immense thing, when 1 bee of you to leave all your patients -find come to the country. But we can pay. Money is no objeot whatever to us. We can, we will, gladly pay you for vour ser vices." , 44 1 must think the matter over,1' I said. Ton flatter urn by wishing for me, and by believing that I can render you assistance, but I cannot take a step of "this kind in & fenny. X will write lo you by to-night's post if you will give me your address. In the meantime, kindly tell me some of the -symptoms of Sir Henry's malady." "I fear it is a malady of the mind," she -answered immediately, 14 but it is of eo vivid find eo startling a character that "nlaa -relief is soon obtained, the body matt give way under the strain. Ton see that I ana wery young, Dr Halifax. Pcrh&ps; 1 look younger than I am — my age is twenty-two. My- husband is twenty years my senior. He would, however, be considered by most people still a young man. He is a great fichoiar, and has always had more or less the ' JmHta of a recluse. He is fond of living in ; - bis library, and likes nothing bettor than to. J. "> ' surrounded by books of all aorta. JBvexy. -ASnoilern hook vvorlh reading is 'forwarded to Jn by pubHjflier He is a vezy interest- A \wDjgmahv<hnd «' brilliant conversationalist. Perhaps Xonghtio .put all this in the past , tense, -lor now he scarcely ever .speaks — he vends nest to nothing— it is wffio«ii+- to per noade him -to eat — he will net leave the house —he used to have a rather ruddy complexion \--4ie is now deadly pale aod terribly em&- -outfced. He sighs in the most hnrtrendiog manner, and seems to be in a etato of ex treme nervous tension. -In short, he as very ill, and yet he seems to have no bodily disease. His eyeB have a terribly startled expression in them— hi 9 hand trem- \- bles so that he can scarcely raise a cup of tea "to his lips. In short ho looks a who has seen a ghost." 4i When did these symptoms begin to ap pear!" lasted. "It is mid -winter now," caid Lady Studley. " The Queer symptoms began to show themselves in my husband in October. Xhey have been growing worse and worse. In short, I oau etand them no longer," she continued, giving Way to a short, hysterical sob. "I felt X must come to someone — 1 have heard of you. Do, do oome and save us. Do come and find out what is the matter with my wretched husband." "I will write to you to-night," Iflud,inas kind a voice as I could muster, for the pretty anxious wife interested me already. 44 It may not be posrfble forme lo stay at Studley Orange for a week, but in any case I oau pro mise to oome and see the patient. One visit -will probably be sufficient— what your bos hand wants is, no doubt, complete ohosge." " 14 Oh, yes, yes," she replied, ©tending up npw, 44 1 hare said so scores of times, but Sir Henry won't etir from Studley — noihing will induce him to go away. He won't even leave his own special bedroom, although I fixpect he has dreadful nights." Two hectic fipote burnt in her cheeks &e; she spoke. I locked at her attentively. 41 You will forgive me for speaking," I said, 41 butyou do not look at all well yourself. 1 should like to prescribe for you oo wall as joot husband." " Thank you," die answered, "lam not very strong. I never hare bees, hat that is nothing— 1 mesn that my health, is not a thing of consequence at present. Well, I must not take up any more of yoor time. I shall expect to get a letter from you to morrow morning. Please address it to Lady Studley, Grosvenor Hotel, Virtoria." She touched my hand with fingers that burnt like a living eoaland left the room. I thought her very ill, and was sure that if XconJd see my way to spending a week at Studley Grange, 1 should have two patients instead of one. It is fllwajB difficult for a busy doctor to leave home, bnt after carefully matters over, I resolved to comply with Lady Stndley's request. Accordingly, two days later saw ms cn my wet to Wiltshire and to Studley Grange. A brougham with two smart horses was waiting at the station. To my surprise X 7 naw that Lady Studley had come herself to : fetch me. " I don't know how to thank yon," she said, giving me a feverish clasp of lie- hand. " V " Your visit fills me with nope — I believe r 1 ffiat you trill discover what is really wrong. Home !'' she said, giving a quick, imperious jityMdnn to the footman who appeared at the .. window of the carriage. / - ' We howled forward at a rapid pacB, and ' she continued; — "I came to meet yon to-day to tell yon ' that I have used a little guOe with regard to your visit- I have not told Sir Henry that you are coming here in the capacity of a Tffoctor." 7 - . . \- Here she nansed and gave me ens of her : \- ceetloss glances. .V; V" 3)0 you mind J" she asked. j , Vyfhnt have yon said about me to Sir, ; .'SahryJ" linquirod. '.fl&atypu; Are a great friend of the : <Onelow8,and that I have asked yon here for & ja treek's ohange,'' she ans wered immediataly. .jjA"VAs h Bnest, my husband will he polite and phffigbtinl fo yon— as a doctor, he would treat flgw&yitoant; civility, -and -would probably 'r'" " t-jt S@$5tMdtola. Thenleaid;— jBfjknnwn that Twaanot to oome to , ®$fttortiie $apadity of a inedical man, 3BMMSfejBapiiria«red my earnest desire : PhaioiirWIsd ihie. and ' I. v',' ' - ' 7, . . ; . BifeSiMBIhMa&itbrlfeArtremdv; Baihatio : faBejbjilha look of gnat 'i ifluess which was mauifeated in every ghmoe. " Never mind bow ; I urn glad you have told me exuotiy the terms on which you wi&hmetouppEOMh; your husband ; but I Hunk that I can so put matters to Sir Honry that be will be glad to uucsult mo in my medical capacity.11 " Oh, but its doss not even know that I suspect his iUneee. It vrould uover do for bun to know. I suspect 1 1 ee! I fear! but 1 say nothing. Sir Henry would be much more miserable than he is now, if he thought that 1 guessed that there ie anything wrong with him." (| It is impossible for me to oome to the Grange except as a medical man," I an swered firmly. 11 1 will tell Sir Hemy that you hare seen some changes in him, end have asked me to visit him us a doctor. Please trust me. Nothinjr will be said to your husband that can make matters at all unoomfortable for you." Lady Stadloy did not venture any further remonstrance, and we now hoprosobed the old Grange. It was an irregular $fe built evidently according to the wants of the dif ferent families who had lived in it The building wsb long and rambling, with rows of windows filled up with panes of lattice glass. In front of the house was a sweeping lawn, which, even at this time of the year, presented a vel vety and well-kept appearanoe. We drove rapidly round to the entrance door, and a moment later I found myself in the presence of my host and patient. Sir Henry Studley was a tall man with a very Blight stoop and au aquiline nose aod rather noble face. Hie eyes were dark, and hiB forehead inclined to be bald. There was a courtly, old -world sort of look about him. He greeted mo with ex treme friendliness, and we went iuio the ball, a very large and lofty apartment, to lea. Lady Studley was vivacious and lively in the extreme. While she talked the lieotio i spot-came out again on her cheeks. M y un- c&hinoss; uboat her increased u-j I noticed theee symptoms. I felt certain tht she web not only consumptive, but in all probability she was even uok the victim of «n advanced stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxiou about her than about her husband, who ap peared tome at that moment to be nothing mere than a somewhat nervous and by pochon Ortacat person. This state oi things seemed taay to account for in a scholar and a man of sc-centsry habits. X remarked about the rfgo of the house, and my hofct became interested, and told me one or two stories of tie old inhabit.in'.s of the Grange. He Euid that to-morrow he would Lave much pleasure iu taking me over the building. 44 Have you a ghost here?" I asked withs laugh. I don't know what prompted me to ak the question. The moment I did so Sir Henry turned white to his lip, and Lady Studley held up a warning finger to me to intimate \hat I was on dangerous ground. 1 felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion into saier channels. Inadvertently I had touched on a eore spot, i scarcely regretted having done so, as the flash in the baronet's troubled eyes, aud the extreme agitation of his face, showed me plainly that Lady Studley wae right when she tpuke of his nerves being in a very irritable con dition. Of oourse, £ did not believe in gbosta, ana wondered That a man of Sir Henry's calibre could be at all under the in fluence of this old- world fear. "I am sorry that we have no one to meet yon," he said, after a few remarks of a oom- monplace character bad divided us from the fthost qae&tion.; 44 But to-morrow several friends are comincr, and we hope you will have a pleasant time. Are you tond of bunt- iogf" X answered that I used to be in tbe old days, before medicine and patients occupied all my thoughts. 44 If this open weather continues, I can probably give you some of your favorite pas time," rejoined Sir Henry; 44 and now per haps yon would like to be shown to your room.' hly bedroom was in a modem wing of the honse, and looked as cheerful and asunghoet- tihe as it was possible for a room to be. I did not rejoin my hoBt and hostess until dinner time. We had a sociable littletnoal, atwhioh nothing of any importance occurred, and shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Studley left Sir Henry and me to ourselves. She gave me another warning glance as she left the room. I had already quite made up my mind, however, to tell Sir Henry tbe motive of my visit. The moment the door closed behind his wife, he started np and asked me if I would mind coming with him into his library. 41 The fact is," he said, 44 1 am parti cularly glad yon have come down. I want to have a talk with ycu about my wife. She is extremely unwell." I signified my willingness to listen to any thing Sir Henry might cay, and in a few minutes we found ourselves comfortably established in & splendid old room, completely clothed with books from ceiling to floor. 41 These are my treasureVsaid the baronet, waving his band in tbe direction of an old bookcase, which contained, 1 6aw at a glanoe, some very rare and precious first editions. 44 These are my friendB, the companions of fy hoars of solitude. Now sit down, Dr elifex ; make yourself athorne. Yon have come here as a guest, bnt I have heard of yon before, and am inclined to oonfide in you. I most frankly say that I hate your profession as a role. I don't believe ia the omniscience of medical men, but moments oome in tbe lives of all men when it is necessary to unburden the mind to another. May I give you my confidence 1" 44 One moment first,' I said. 44 1 can't deceive you. Sir Henry. I have come here, not in tbe capacity of a gue&t;, but as your wife's medical man. She lias been anxious about yon, and she begged of me to oome and stay here for a few days in order to render you any medical assistance within my power. I only knew, on my way here to-day, that she hod not acquainted you with the nature of my vitit." While I was speaking, Sir Henry's face became extremely watchful, eager and tens. 44 This ia remarkable," be said. 44 So Lncilla is anxious about me P 1 was not aware that I ever gave her the least due to the fact that I am not -in perfect health. This ie very strange — Ltronbles me." He looked agitated. He placed one los?, th\n hand on the little table which, stood ne&t;, and pouringouta glass of wine, drank it off. I noticed as he did eo the nervous trembling cf his hand. I glanced at Lis face, and saw that it was thin to emaciation. 44 Well," he said, 44 1 am obliged to you for being perfectly frank with me. My wife soarcely did well to conceal the object ofyonr visit. But now that you have come, I shall make use of you both for myself and for her." 44 Then you are not well f " I asked. 44 Well!" he answered, with almost a shout. 44 Good God, no! I think 1 am going mad. I know— X know that unless rqifof soon comes I shall die or become a roving maniac." 4 ( No, nothing of the kind," I answered, soothingly ; "you probably want chaoce. This is a fine old honse, bnt dull, no doubt, in winter. Why don't you go away?— to the Riviera, or some other place where there is plenty of sunshine? Why do you stay here? The air of this place is too damp to be good for either you or your wife. Sir Henry sat silent for a moment, then he said, in a terse voice j— 44 Perhaps you will advise me what to do after you know the nature of the malady which affliota me. First of all, however, I Wish to speak of my wite." 44 1 am ready to listen,' I replied. 44 You see, be continued, 44 that she is very delicate? " . "Tee," I replied; 44 to be frank with you, I should say that Lady Studley was con sumptive' . He started when I said this, and pressed his tips firmly together. After a moment he spoke. < j You Axe right," he replied. 41 1 had her examined by a man — Sir Joseph Ihxabar — when. 1 was last in Loudon.; he her lungs were considerably affected, aud that, in abort, aba was far from weH." i 41 Did he not order yon to winter abroad V a He did, but Lady Studley opposed the idea so strenuously that X was obliged to yield to her entreaties Consumption does not seem to take quite the ordinary form with her. She is restless, she longs for cool air, she goos out on quite com days, in a closed carriage, it is true. Still, esnptat sight, she does not regard berself in any sense as au invalid. She has immense spirit— I think she will keep up until she dies." 4k You speak «t her being an invalid at algbt," I replied. 44 What are hot symp toms ?" fiir Henry shuddered quite visibly. 44 Oh, those awful nights," he answered. 4 4 How happy would many poor mor tals be but for the terrible time of darkness. Lady Stndley had dreadful nights for some time ; perspirations, cough, restlessness, bad dreams and all the rest of it. But I must hasten to tell you my story quite briefly. In tbe be ginning of October we saw Sir Joseph Dun bar. I should theu by hie advice, have taken Lady Studley to the Riviera, but she opposed the idea with such passion and dis tress, that I abandoned it.' Sir Henry paused here, and I looked at Mm attentively. I remembered at that moment what Lady Studley had said about her husband refusing to leave the Grange under any circumstances. What a strange game of cross-purposes these two were play ing. How was it possible for me to get at the truth ? «< At my wife's earnest request," continued Sir Henry, 44 we returned to the Grauge. She declared her firm intention of remaining hero until she died. 44 Soon after our return she suggested that we should oooupy separate rooms at night, reminding me, when she made the request, of the infectious nature of consumption. I complied with her wi&h; on condition that X slept in the room next hers, and that on the smallest emergency I should be sum moned to her aid. This arrangement was made, and her room opens into mine. I have sometimes heard her moving about at night— I h&veo;'ten heard her cough, and 1 have often heard her sigh. But she has never once sent for me, or giren me to understand that she required my aid. She does not thiok herself very ill, and nothing wcrrirs her more than to have her malady ppckeu about That is the part of the story which relates ro my wife." 41 She is very ill," I said. 44 But I will speak of that presently. Now will you favor me with an account of yonr own sympcoins, Sir Henry ?" He started again when I said fhis, and going across the room locked the door and put the key iu his pocktt. 44 Perhaps you will laugh at me," he said, 44 but it is no laughing matter X assure yen Tho most terrible, the moat uwfnl affliction has come to me. In short, I am virited nightly by au appalling apparition. Yon dou't believe in ghests. I judge that by jour face. Few scientific men do.' ' "Frankly, 1 do not," I replied. 44 So- called ghosts can generally be accounted for. At the most they are only tho figments of an over-excited or diseased brain." 44 Be that as it may," said Sir Henry,44tbc diseased brain can give each torture to its victim th&t; death ie preferable. AU my life X have been what I consider a healthy- minded man. I have plenty of money, and have never been troubled with the cares which torture men of commerce, or of email man«. Wnen I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most lucky and the happiest of mortals." 44 Forgive a personal question' I inter rupted. 44 Has your marriage disappointed your" 4t No, no ; far from it," he replied with fervcr. 44 1 love my dear wife better aud more deeply even thao the day when I took her as & bride to my arms. It is true that I am weighed down with eorrow a bomber, bet that is entirely owing to the etate ot her health." 44 It ia strange" I eain, 44 that she should he weighed down with sorrow about you for the same cause. Have you told her of the thing which terrifies you ?" 44 Never, never. I have never spoken of it to mortal. It is remarkable that my wife should have told you that I looked tike a man who had seen a ghost. Alas ! alas ! But let me tell you the caoge oi my shattered nerves and failing health." 44 Pray do, I shall listen attentively," Ire- plied. 44 Oh, doctor, that I could make yon feel the horror of it!" eaid Sit Henry, bending forward and loolrirg into my eyes. 44 Three months agol no more believed in visitations, iu apparitions, ia t-o-oalled ghosts, than you do Were you tried as I am, your scepticism would receive &6hock. Let me tell you what occurs- Night after night Lady .Studley and I retire to rest at the same hour. We say good night, and lay cur heads on oar separate pil lows. The door of communication between us is shut. She has a night light in her room — I prefer darkness. 1 close my eyos and pre pare for slumber. As & rnle I fall asleep. My sleep is of short duration. I awake with beads oi perspiration standing on my fore head, with my heart thumping heavily sod with every serve wide awake, and waiting for the horror which will oome. Sometimes I wait half an hour — sometimes longer. Then I know by a faint ticking sound iu the darkness that the Thing, for I can clothe it with no name, is about to visit me. In a certain spot of the room always in the same spot, a bright tight euddenly flashes ; out of its midst there gleams apretamaturally large eye, which looks tixedlystrre with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long ; but as agony counts, it seems to take years of my life away with it. It fades as euddenly into grey mist aod nothingness as it comee, and, wet with perspiration, and straggling to keep back screams of mad terror, 1 bury my bead in the ')ed clothes." 44 But have you never tried to investigate this thing?" Issid. 44 1 did at first. The bret night i saw it, I rushed out of bed and made for tbe epot. It disappeared at once. I struck a tight— there was nothing whatever in the room." 44 Why did you sleep in that room 44 1 must not go away from Lady Studley. My terror is that she should know anything of this— my greater terror is that the appa rition, failing me, may visit her . 1 daresay you think I'm a fool, Halifax ; but the fm t is, this thing ie billing me, brave man as I consider myself. ' 44 Do you see it every night 5 " I asked. 44 Not quite every night, out sometime on the same night it comes twice. Sometimes it will cot come at all for two nights, or even three. It is the moat ghastly, the most hor rible form of torture that oould hurry a sane man into bis crave or into a madhouse." 44 1 have not ihe least shadow of doubt," I said, after a pause, 44 that tbe thing can be accounted for." Sir Henry shook his head. 44 No, no," he replied, 44 it is either aa you suggest, a figment of my own diseased brain and therefore just as horrible as a real apparition ; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whether it exists cr not, it ia reality tome aud in no way a The full honor of it is present with me in my waking moments." 44 Do you think anyone is playing an awful practical joke ?" I suggested. '4 Certainly not. What object can anyone have in soaring me to death : Besides, there is no one in the room, that I can swear. My outer door is looked, Lady Stadley's outer door is looked. It is impossible that there can be any trickery in the matter." X smd nothing for & moment. X no more believed in chosts than I ever did, but I felt certain that there was grave misohief at work. Sir Henry must be tbe victim of & hallucina tion. This might only be caused by functional disturbance of the brain, but it was quite serious enough to call for immedi ate attention. The first thine tu do was to find out whether the apparition could be accounted for in any material way, or if it were due to the state of Sir Hsnry'B nerves. I began to ask him oertain questions, going folly into the case in all its bearings. I then examined his eyes with tbe ophthalmoscope. The result of th?« was to assure me beyond doubt that Sir Henry Stndley was in a highly nervous condition, although I oould detect no trace of brain disease. 44 Do you taking me to your room ?" I said. ! 44 Not toffiight," he euswsrod. 44 It is late, aud Lady Studley might express sur prise. The objeot of my Hfe is to conceal tbis horror from her. When she is out to morrow you shall oome to tho room and judge for yourself." 4 Well," I said, 44 1 shall have an interview With your wife to-morrow, aud urge her most strongly to consent to leave tbe Grauge and go away with you.4' Shortly afterwards we retired to rest, or what went by the name of rest in that sad house, with its troubled, inmates. I must oomem vuBL, cuuiiuruiuiti w iji/ iww «»»» slept very tittle. Sir Henry's story Btayed with me all through the hours of darkness. I em neither nervous nor imaginative, but I oould not help seeing that terrible eye, even in my dreams. I met my host and hostess at an early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed th&t; as the day was warm and fine, I should ride to a neighboring meet. I was not iu the humor for this, however, aud eaid frankly that I should prefer remaining at the Grange. One glance into the faces of my host and hostess told me only too plainly that 1 had two very serious patients on mv hands. Lady Studley looked terribly weak and excited-Lthe hectic spots on her cherite, the gleaming glitter of her eyes, the parched lipf), the long, white, emsouted hands, all showed only too plainly the strides the malady under which she was suffering was making. 44 After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad, " I said to myself. 4 4 She is hasten ing rapidly to her grave, aud no power on earth oan save her. She looks ns if there were extensive disease of the lungs. How restless her eyes are too 1 I would much rather testify to Sir Henry's sanity than to Hers." Sir Henry Studley also bore traces ot a sleepless night — his face was bloodless ; he averted bis eyes from mine : he ate next to nothing. TO se CONTISrED.) 