CHAPTER VII. BLBAFORD 8 JOANNA. Out into the moonlight five hours before the child Joanna had fled, pale with passion, pain, defiance, ablaze with wrath against all , the world. It is a customary mood enough with this selfish child, twelve only in years, a score, if hatred, envy, malice, and all ill- well can age a child. To be flogged like a hound, to be sent eupperlessto bed, to be starv ed in attic or cellar, swelter in fierce August noon-tides, or shiver among the rats on bitter January nights, these are old well-worn experiences in Joan na's life. To be forced to labour from day-dawn until midnight, with every bone aching, to go barefoot through slush and snow, to sleep and live worse than the dogs— for they are cared for— to hear only brutal words, and still more brutal oaths from her task-master's lips, to be jeered 'at, jx- go olad in rags ?Hbhifl has been lh a life 'of this-girl .of :jfflfeiv$:'.'$h«- only life ihe5t^;*r(8r. Lora and Liz are well, gay ly clad, in deed ; they sing, thoy don^o, they do or lot it aloua as they choose. Is not Joanna | hare, the household drudge, the home ly, ici-haired, rustic Cinderella, with neve:1 'ndmot'iwr of other mother, in i'aivylani ru ov-. f-f it, to come to the rescue with a i u ipkia coach and a pair ol' glass a'.ipp.n\i ? She know3 that lovely legend of happy childhood, this most unhappy 1 tt'e outcast, and hijhs bitterly some times n.3 she looks at the big golden giobos she cuts up for the cows and pigs. There are fairy godmothers in the world, no doubt, and handsome young pvineessss, but thoy never, oh, never CDine near Sleaford's Farm. And who ever conceived a Cinderella v/ith ficry rz& hair, freckles, and long mottled shins ? A cinder- sifter she has beon born, a cinder-sifter she must die. She has these thoughts sometimes, formless and vague mostly, but bitter always. It would have been better if Gi-e3 Sleaford had left her in thegvitter to starve ten years ago, instead of fishing her out of it, as he says he has done. He makes a great deal of that far-off city gutter, in his grumbling way, for she is not his daughter, this bare limbed unfortunate; she is nobody's daughter, so far as she can find. He has taken her out of the slime where she was born, he tells her, and skives early and late to give her a home, and this is her thanks, dash her ! Her mother afore her was a goodfor nofchin '— ^dash, dash her — what can be expected from the unlicked cub of such a dam ? Dash her ! double-dash every thing and everybody. Giles . Sleaford is a cosmopolitan ; has tramped over th© world in. a vagabond so.t of way, is a man under a cloud, banned and shunned by his neghbouvs. He has neither bought nor rented this farm, and yet he is in undis turbed possession. He does not work ; he fishes, shoots, prowls, drinks, fights, is a worthless brute generally. Yet he has plenty of money, his daughters dress in expensive finery, and there is a roughsort of plenty always at their house. He is of horses horsey, and bets and loses heavily. He is a bit of a prizefighter, a little of a gambler, a dork and dangerous fellow always. Somemysteryshrouds him. He throws out vogue hints now and then of the power he holds over a certain rich man and magnate of the place. Ho is brutal to all, to his own sons and daughters, but most of all to the hapless creature known as Sleaford's Joanna. That he has not killed her outright in one of bis fits of fury is not -due to him, one of the Sleaford boys or girls generally interfering in the niok of time. Their drudge is useful, thoy do not want her to be beaten to death, or the prying eyes of the land brought to bear on their rustic household. So Joanna is still alive to scour the woods, and terrify small fair-haired heiresses into fits. The moon is shining brilliantly as she leaves the house. She looks up at it, her hands locked together in a terse clench, her teeth set, her eyes aflame with the fires of rage and hatred, her shoulders red and welted with the sting-, ing blows of the whip. It is a mute appeal to heaven against the brutality and cruelty of earth — that heaven of which she knows nothing, except that it is a word to swear by. She wanders slowly on, not crying — she hardly ever ories. The silence, the coolness, the beauty of the night calms her. She does not mind spending it among the dewy clover, or under a tree — Bhe sleeps there of tener in summer than anywhere else. She takes a path well known to her bare feet — it leads to her favourite ' sulking ' place, as the Sleaford girls call it, and is, perhapB, the ugliest spot within a radius of twenty miles. It is called Black's Dam. An old dis used mill, falling to pieces, stands there, the water in the stagnant pond is muddy and f ouL It is a desolate spot in broad day, it is utterly dismal and dark by night. Some fellow feeling draws her to it — it, too, is lonely, is ugly, is shunned. Black's Dam is her one friend. The ruined mill is haunted, of course, corpse candles burn there, shrieks are heard there, it is peopled by a whole colony of ghosts. Ghosts never horsewhip, never swear, never throw sticks at people's heads — do nothing, in fact, but go about in white sheets after night fall, and scream to scare people. The only corpse-lights she has ever seen are fire-flies, the only supernatural screams the whoo-whoo of a belated owl. . The sheeted spectres never appear to her. When she is exceptionally lonely sometimes she would rather be glad of the company of one or two. But ghosts are not sociable, they never seem to have much to say for themselves, so, perhanPr it is as well. On rainy nights she sleeps in the old mill. After unusually bad beatings she has stayed there for days, feeding -on berries, and being found and forced book again at last, a gaunt skeleton. More than once she has sat and start ed at the green slimy water until the desire to spring in and end it all grows almost more than she can resist. ' Only old Giles Sleaford will be glad of it,' she thinks, ' I'll keep alive just to epite him.' And, sad to say, it is thisjnotive tha actually holds the creature bask from self -destruction many a time. . *The temperls .yery -strong within-her to-night, but sjJUeB Sleaford is notv4he mmmmmSUm It is Olga Vontnor. She has grown so used to hie oaths and blows that sh looks for nothing else. But a hundred demons seem aroused within her by the sight of the beautiful golden-haired, richly robed chi'd. Thi3 is the sort to whom fairy godmothers come, for whe in magic wands ara struck, who go to balls, iittd dan. e with the handsome prince, ar.d marry him, and live happy for ever after~~' T-b.is is what she might Lave been, but nevcresia be. All the beauty, and the riches, and tlftJ-feiry_ ff'!'ts a'( or this little curled darling ofthc1 gods. For her' — the Iu3h, the feeding oi' JiC pigs, the rags, the rye bread, the ugly, ugly red hair. She has reached the clam, and sits down on a flat stone on the brink. It is unspeakably lonely, the moon shines in a cloudless midnight sky, the -water lies black, solemn, still. The old mil stands sinister, mysterious, casting long shadows. Hardly a breath stirs. Some ii-O'xs croft1' dismally in the gre^n depths — -h .tie I : Klie sits m her favourite attitude, her knees drawn up, har chin in her palms and stares vawntly before her. One thought, oi.e; fn'y, possesses her — her hatred of this delicate little beauty and heiress, with her paarl-fair face and long light har. She would kill her if she could — »he has all the will in the world at this moment to be a little mur deress. Shocking — unreal ! Well, no. Thiuk how she has been brought np — think of the records of juvenile depravity you read and shudder at in the newspapers every day. Tho demon of envy holds her — a passionate outcry against the injustice of her fate that has given the golden apples of life to this one, the soourings of the pig trough to her. ' Unjust, unjust !' something within her cries. ' Why has she all — I noth ing?' It is the spirit that has hurled kings from thrones, wrought revolutions, fill ed the world with Communism — that will beat the air inipotently to the end of time. No savage could be more untaught than this child. She sits for a long time brooding' brooding. She msant to have done something to that girl that would mark her for life— spoil her beauty in some way — but she has been prevenlei. No doubt by this time Frank Livingston has come and fetched her home, and her chance is gone for ever. Frank Livingston, too, is a lily of tha field, a handsome dandy, but he awakens none of thi9 slumbering gall and bitter ness within her. He is simply something to be admired, revered, and wondered at, a being of brightness and beauty, of splendid r ihnent, lacquered boots, dia monds studs, and a general odour of roses and csi bouj'ut. He ift he prince to be worshipped at a distance, and not to be lightly touched or spoken to. She wonders sometimes to behold hini pulling .Lora about in very unprincely fashion, and to see that buxom damsel slap hh fa:e and frowsle his silken chestnut hair. For him, he takes no more notice of this uncanny-looking child, with the e'dritch red locks, than of one of the half-dozen ill- conditioned dogs that yelp about the premises. That he is the object of her silent idol atry would have liskled Master Frank beyond everything. She rises at last, shivering in the bleak night wind. She is nearly as nude as it iB possible to bo in a state of civilization, and the chill damp pierces through her tatters. Why she does not go into the mill until the morning, she never knows ; she turns instead, and walks slowly bock to the farm. The house is all dark and silent. The dogs fly at her, but a word quiets them ; they, too, know Joanna's witchlike ways. Alf Sleaford sweasr she spends half her nights riding the air on a broomstick — uhe comes and goes, like the nigh wind, where she listeth. She goes to the parlour window, and flattens hor nose against the pane. Her eyes are keen as any ferret's. Yes, there t h i is — she has not gone home — asleep alone ! — in her power. The girl's eyes light | they gutter in the dark. There s'io is, asleep, alone, in her power. She goes round to a side window, openn it, and enters. Dogs, guns, and men are plentiful at Sleaford's ; bolts are scarce ; there is no fear jof burglars. She enters, d: o^s lightly to the ground, goes straight to a shelf in the kitchen, takes down something bright and steely, and steals into iha parlour without a sound. Instead of going straight to the bed, she crouches in her corner, to brood, perhaps, over the deed of dark ness she is about to do, or it may be to count the cost. She will be blamed in the morning, no doubt — is she not blamed for every thing that goes wrong ? — Bhe will be beaten nearly to death, quite to death, perhaps, by Giles Sleaford. Well, she does not care. They will hang him for it. If she were quite sure about the tanging, she feels she would be whipped bo death -without a groan. The clook striking thref arouses her. It is time to be up and doing — in an hour or two the boys will be down. Indecision forms no part of her charac ter ; she gets up at once, and approaches the bed with her formidable weapon, [t is the family shears, bright, large, keen as a razor, and her object is — not to cut off Olga Ventnor's head, but her hair. Olga is awake, is staring at her, frozen with fright. She has not counted on that, and with a snarl of baffled malice, she plunges her hand in the golden tresses, and uplifts the scissors, But n tb$ twinTtiingflf m eye .the ohildi flprit^fl from *he bed, rushes, from the is a heavy fall, the sound of startled voices upstairs, and opening doors. Iu that moment tho scissors are flung aside, Joanna is out of the window, aud away iike the wind to Black' Dams. 