AFTERNOON MEETINc. In the afternoon the opening service was held at Christ Church, and was very nu'^.erously attended by members cf the union as well as the general public. The choir railings were decorated with fd~wers, and the word " Welcome " in large letters was placed across the front. The service was a very successful one, the addresses, which were ea"nest and practical, being heard with attention. The singing was hearty throughout the service, and a short meeting of prayer after the addresses was characterised by much earnestness. Th proceedings were opened with the singing of a hymn. The Rev. W Law then offered up prayer. The President of the Union, Mr W. M. Williams (aobart) then delivered a short address of welcome to those in attendance on behalf of the executive committee of the society. Prayer fds blessings had, he said, been cffered by the committee, and they had not been disappointed. He welcomed all endeavourers as a large body of Chris tian soldiers under one commander-a large family having one desire; he wel comed them also because they wanted to lay hold of the spirit of God, whose presence they would have with themn if they had faith. It was necessary that there should be a fall surrender to Christ. Many people were afraid to bo led by the Spirit of God because they did not know where He would lead them; -thers there were who had some secret sin and did not surrender themselves to God for that reason. It was necessary t) pray much, and in receiving blessings-which would be surely given to them-they would also be the means of conveying blessings to others. He concluded by reading a portion. of Scripture. Rev. W. Shaw then spoke a few wodas of kind welcome to the visitors. He said they expected during the convention to increase the love and affection which bound them together as one family. Those who visited Hobart on the previous year well remembered how kindly the people there had treated them, and they often thought of that time with gratitude. They were glad to be able to welcome the endeavourers to Launceston from Hobart and other places, and show that the same kindred feeling was jutst as strong amongat thbv He welcomed them as brethren and saiters. and as soldiers in the same army serving the same God, the same Christ. The Rev. C. H. Talbot (Hobart), in the absence of the Rev. J. K. M'Intyre, responeed. He was very glad that the kindness extended to the visitors last year in Hobart was appreciated so much, and felt sure that after the convention this year all visitors to Launceston would feel peifectly satisfied with the kind treatment they had received. He returned hearty thanks for the welcome that had been acci.ded the visitors, and proceeded to speak of-the great value of full surrender to Christ. After complete surrender the Holy Spirit would be manifested to them, and they would have the power of service which they desired. Mr Geo. Mackay (Primitive Methodisý, Hobait) after iffering prayer gave an address on " Power for service," basing his remarks on the text, " But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." (Acts I., 8) He believed that God not only wished that they should be saved themselves, but that they should enter His service in order that they might be the means of converting others. It was not elcq-ence alone that was need.`], although there was great power in words. They wanted the power of service which came with the gift of the Holy Ghost. The speaker referred to the rush of power which had come upon the disciples on the day of pettecost, and put the question to endeavourers, " Had they received the Holy spirit since their con version ?" They would, if so, be able to work in God's service, and he strongly urged that they should pray that they might consecrate themselves to God. The proceedings were brought to a close with a short meeting of prayer. 