DIFFERENT DANCES. J ubt as dancing now is a great art, so it was in bygone ages ; it is as old as singing , and singing is as old as tho human race. Prob ably the firat dance was a pantomimio representation of tbo evonts of daily life. In the western ptainB of India, many of tho tribeB havo buffalo dances which are described thus : — Ono of the dancers has the head and horns of tho animal, while tbo othor pretend they are hunters and chase him with muoh enthusiasm. The natives of Australia havo a kangaroo dance, in which tbe hunting is carried out as faithfully as tho spaco allowed for too dance will permit. In Siam, there is an elephant danco, and in this there is a hunt and an elephant fight — two men on their hands and knees represen ting the elephant, and they fight as much like these animals as possible. — In Siberia, the fire danco, and tho ostrich daaco of Africa, are pastimes of tho Bame kind. The most remarkablo of all theso danceB is the tiger dance of India. There is a tiger festival once a year, and tho strongest native is selected to play the part of the king of animals. He is painted all over to represent a tiger, and be creeps about on alt fours while a number of Indians, representing hunters, go through the faroe of beating the jungle, pretending not to see him. At lost tho beast is roused, and springs upon one of the hunters, pretending to kill him ; ha is then captured by the rest of the men who have felled him to tho earth by their darts and they placo him in chains and lead him away in triumph. American Indians go in for war dances, a very popular one is the Sioux, representing the attack on a village at dead at night, and a great massacre of the Bleeping inhabit ants. Only a few years ago, the horse-stealing dance of the Cheyenncs was kept up. In the motion of the dancers was portrayed, the village going out to tbe camp and seizing the horaea and then riding away, with' angry dogs and shouting savages following in swarms in furiated at their loss. The first sign of trouble in tho Christian part of European Turkoy is tho war danco breaking out, and this is looked upon in the Ottoman Empire with as much suspicion as the ghost dance of the Sioux. There is really a wild pantomine in tho war danco of tho Christians of Albania, Montenegro, and Herzegovina. A man is armed to the teeth, and be makes wild leaps and furious gestures, and waves his sword, aud evory now and again utters shrill crieB and sings a strange song about his great desire to kill the Turks. At religious ceremonies, dancing in old times formed a very important part. The Greeks wore the most famous of tho ancient dancers. Thoy had two hundred different dances, nnd thoy imagined that in tho danco anything could bo represented which might happen. Dancing was con sidered a medium of expression, and it was used in religious and all kinds of civio core- monies. Before soldiers marched to war they danced ; there were dances at festivals of tho gods, at weddings, funerals, and feasts. At a funeral the dance would take the slmpe of a pantomine, one dancer wearing a mask to reprosont the deceased, and carica ture him for tho amusement of the crowd. There were many beautiful and gracoful dances among tho Greeks, besides these I have mentioned, A curious feature of old dancing was that men and women never danced together. Tho oldest dance of tbo East is the nautch, which is said to bo that which capti- . vated Horod, when performed by Salome, the beautiful daughtor of Herodias. The sword danoo of Scotland is one of tbo best illustrations of tho remains of a warlike oustom. As a rule tho Scotch dances aro not i graceful, when compared with those of tbo south ; but as a military dance, no nation has anything to compare with danae of the sword. A rather funny story is told of two society women deeply interested in tho cause of political equality for women, who called upon a well-known lawyer and asked him to address a meeting for them. ' Certainly, ladies, ' was the bland reply : 1 it will give me great pleasure to speak for you; but which side am I to take 1 ' ' I,' said Jennison in a loud voice that could be heard all over the church, 1 1 believe in giving unostentatiously, in concealing from my left hand what my right docth, I don't suppose anybody here knows that I gave J£60 towards tho new organ fund. ' No,' said Jingleberry, ' not oven the treasurer of'the fund.' ' Cigars my friend, ' said the man who doesn t smoke, ' are harmful and vicious, ' Well < said the men who does smoke, ' I'm doing my level beet to ndtioo their number 