Heard in His Own De fence. " Have I your honor's permission to make a statement ?" "Your honor!" oried Lawyor Lang, springing to his foot—" yoar honor, before yon pass on this request, I ohonld hko to mako a statement myself." ' What is it, Mr. Lang?" coked tho jodgo. " It's just this," said Mr. Lang, with some thing mora than his asaal aoorbity; "yoa romombar, of course, thnt whan this man, Cephas Lovo, was first brought to trial he wan without oounuol ; that ho refused to scouro any, and that yoa thoroforo poromptoriiy appointed mo ao oaoh. Tha appointmont waa useless, for tho defendant has absolntoly and unconditionally roiusod to say o word to mo concerning his aaoe. I wish it to bo dis tinctly andorosood, howover, that this silence ot tho defendant's has been maintained in tho faoo of my most diligent offorls to bronk downhiB rouervo, for while I first noooptcd yoar honor's injnnotion perlanotorily, I ended by beaoming dooply intoroBtcd in what is oortainly a uniquo case — so far as my praa- tiao goes. What I wish to state with particu lar stress is, that I am absolntoly and en tirely Ignorant of tho nature ot tho state ment which Mr. Love has asked permission to make. In faat, sir, sll I oan offiaially olaim to know of this man is, that on tho fonrtoenth of this month of August, 1890, ho wan found in tho very aat of throttling anothor man to death, at No. 8C3 Pine Stroot, in this Oity and Connty oi Son FranoiBoo ; that ho was arrested in Jlagranle dclictu by Offiaer Thomson ; and ttiat ho has boon oon- fined in the oity prison over sinooi Ho is no mora a oliont of mino than is yoar honor, and it wonld be a gross misuse of terms to style him a ' defendant.' " As Mr. Lang aat down, the man referred to as Cephas Lovo shook hands with him oordially, and ropeated his request for a hearing. " It is a rathor unusual proceeding— at this stago of tbo trial," said tho judge, "for a person in your position to mako a statement, but tha whoio proceedings in thin aasa have been nnnBual. Moreover, I bavo not tbo right to deny you. Do you wioh your state- mont to appear as evidence I" ' Yes, sir." " Take your plans in the witnees-stand, tbon, and be sworn." Ho ropeated tho olork's mumblo- jsmblo of words with slow emphasis, and laid an in tonation upon tbo oonoluding words, "So holp mo God," that gavo thorn a reverential effect not often hoard in that aourt-room. The ekotah whiah tho artist of a morning paper was at Able moment making, showed a tiny, noat man, sitting primly with oroosod logo and smoothing ont tho folds ot a rod- silk handkerohiof spread over his knoes. His hands, fnoe, and soalp were ol a false rnddi- nose that wbb aansod by a network of small voins in the skin, and that was mada all tho mora vivid by tho contrast of a fringe of flaxen-white hair and two patobes oi oloss trimmed whiskers that lay on eaoh cheek like small powder-puffs. Hisoyos wore Hght-blue and moist ; his lips thin and Btraigbt ; and the rest of his features ordinary and inex pressive. Ho was dressed in a suit ot dark- grey clothes, and Iookod something botweon an npper servant and small lawyer. Thoro had boon oven more than tho uoual in- torost felt in tbo oaqo, tho eonrt-room was arowdod, and when tho prisonor began thoro was a otraiuod attention to hear what he had to say, made all the more nooeesary because of tho rathor low and rathor quiok voioe in whioh he spoko. " My name is oorrootly given on tho doou- ments in the case, I behave," be began ; " besides wbioh, it has boon on the oity dirootory for tha paot thirty-two years: It is Oopbas Clavoring Lovo, although tho middle name is vory seldom usod. I am sixty-threo years nf age, and was born at Memphis, Tenn,,ontbe thirteenth of April, 1827\. I oamo to San Franoisao thirty-three years cumo next Christmas Eve, and for twonty-ono years thereafter I wbb a olerk for the law-firm of Hittridgo and Shaw, ns I boliovo your honor well knows.- For the poet twolvo years I have boon engaged in the law- stationery dopartmant of Mosors. Ijockor and Coo. Those gentlemen, together with many others, I understand I bavo a right to summon as vritnoases to tOBtily .as to my good character, but I shall put none of them to this inconvenience—' " "Proceed, Mr, Lovo," oaid tho jadgo, for witnoes had stopped and was nervously rubbing tho palms ot his small, withered hands with his handkerchief. " Thank you, your honor," said the old man, "I'm not-used to making long epeoahes All I need eay in any preliminary way about myositis, that I am a widower, with one married daughter living at Norfolk, Virginia ; that I am a member oiDr. Well's ohuroh ; that I live temporatoly, drinking but little and smoking less ; and that I am a quiet, law-rcspeotiDR, God-fearing old man. Yot I sit hero' to-day in tbio court a murderer." " Your honor," exalaimod Mr. Lang, onco more springing to his feet, " I moot insist tbot tho witness bo instructed. Your honor knows that a plea of not guilty wob entered in the oourt of examination, and a similar plea has beon entered iu this court of assignment. This man is on trial ; bo has not boon convicted, and I call upon your honor to instraot the witnesB that bo must not ubo suoh terms of sslf.aooaeation, as well as to inform tho jury that they pay no attontion to tho wild words of tho witnoes." " Tbo witnoes is thoroughly oonversant with Iogal praotiees, I believe, Mr. LaDg," Said the judge, ' and fully appreoiates the gravity of bis position and tho neoossity for carefully weighing what he has to Bay. Novsrtheloes if — " " Erouso me, your honor," said the old man Lovo, gpntly otretobing out a somewhat shaky hand toward tho jndga ; '' you need not caution mo, your honor. I am, oe you say, thoroughly aware ot tho gravity of my words— and position. What I say is Bimply tbo truth, and tha truth oan injnro no one. I am a murderer, and I purpose tolling the story ol my orimo without attempting any palliation." There was a stir in the oonrt.room, nnd a veiled woman — the mother of tha victim, it wan said— loanod forward in her ohair and aobbed, . ' Your honor," cried Mr. Lang, again on thosa ready feat of his ; " thoro is an attempt at sonoatioualiem horo," with a vibrating forefinger pointed m tho direotion of tbo sobbing woman, end he asked that it ba stopped." " Woll, now," said tbo proeeonting attorney with hot saraasm ; " we must soy wo like that. Daring tha whoio of tbeoo prbacadings wo haven't said a blooscd word. Wo'vo al lowed you to pnt your man on tho witness- stand with all the stage-effoot you wanted and without a boo ; and now, booaueo this ooor, bereaved woman— this hoart-otriokon inother— gives way to hor natural grief when tho horriblo crimo whiah robbed her of her darling is brought to hor mind, you— you, oir, who should bo the last man to make a sound, go to babbling about sensa tionalism. Why, sir — " " That will do, gentlemen, " said tha judge, quiotly bnt firmly, for Mr. Lang wau aotually bounding about in his anxiety to make his retort. " Go on, sir," bo added, turning to the defendant, who during tbo diuoaesion had busied himeolf folding bis red handkerohiof into a neat, equate paakage. " Sines working for Mesers, Rookor and doe," Cephas Love oontinued, ' 1 bavo been in tho habit ol walking to the store along Pino Street oaoh morning from my boarding, house, at the corner of Larkin and Jatnos Streets. On tho sixteenth of J uno lost, or it might have beon the sevonteontb, I noticed that No. 8G3, after having beon vacant for many months, wan about to be tenanted. Tbo noxt morning, ond it was a Friday, I xo- member, my attontion was again attracted to No. 8C3, and this time by a vory pecoliar inoidont. Tho two windows on the ground floor, wliore tho parlor was evidently situated, woro draped with heavy ourtaine of some maroon-colored stuff, oftora faBbion which need to bo in vogue for dining- rooms when I waa a boy- Au I was passing tho houso, tho curtain nearer mo was drawn aside and a ;faco peered ootBuoh a faoo ao frightens o child in what ara oallod its very ' bad dreams.' " " Dcaoribs it, Mr.Lovo," oaid the attorney Lang, "I can not," said tho witnesB, putting out both hands in a gosturo ot repulsion that was strangely cncrgotio in a man seemingly So placid and undemonstrative; "it was moro of a mask than a faoo. Not one ot tho those grotesque maoke, yon understand, but ono ot uttor vacuity— a blank, an emptinoes, a soulless nothiog. Tho ayes wore big, wide opon, with the white showing all aroand tho pupil botweon the fixed lids. Tho oheoko pale and flabby, tho noes a liuo, and tho month hall opon, with tho lower lip dropping." Here a etrango thing happened, for while tho prisoner described tho faoo, his own took on that of the creature ho was delin eating, nntil in tha plaeo of tha little old gontlomnn of somi-olorieal aspeot there ap poarcd tho doddling head ot a mowing idiot, Tho rod handkerchief had been snatched up from where it lay smoothly folded ovor on his knee, and was now grasped in both bands like a ball. " I conld only boo his faoo," said Love, dropping back, so to speak, to himself, " be- causo he brooght tho onrtains olose np aboat hia nook, liko a garment — like a dressing- gown. After I had moved on a few paoee, I turnod around, for so etrango was tho im pression produced on me that 1 oan liken it to little less than fasaination.Tho face had not moved, but tho groat staring eyes wero otill fixed on mo as tbo eyes of a portrait done In oil-painting always seem to be, no mattor whero tho observer may move. Moro than onoo daring tha day 1 found myself thinking of this vaaonr. fatuous f aao, ond then toward tbo afternoon I managed to dismiss it with tha resolution that it andoabtadly bolongod to some poor, unfortanato being, whose friends preferred to take privato charge of him rathor than Bond him to an asylum, and that bis presanoo at tho window was duo to tho temporary ahBenao ot those whoso duty it was to look after him, But with all this oommon-seuss viow of tho mattsr, I found mycelf stupidly exoited and norvouB as I drew near the hones noxt morning. Well, sir— I mean, your honor— tho follow mast havo boon watohing for me, for as I oame opposite the windows again, a thin, whits handpartod tho onrtains and the vaoant faoo was turnod onae mora npon me. This time, 1 thought that the oyos, though fixed and wida opon, had the light of a nasty smile in them and tha t_ tho drooping lower lip was shot out in a grimace of aontompt. I had a stont walk- ing-aono in my hand," said tha witness, jumping up, "ond I threatened tho fellow with ii in this way." Hero ho shook out tho red-silk handkorchiei and wavod it rapidly toward tho jQry- box as thongh it were a danger signal. Ono of the jurymen drew baok, with a nervous stnrt, and tbo judge looked curiously at the deiandant-wit- nOBB. " Control yourself, Mr. Lovo," eaid ho, "and toll yoar story as calmly as possible." " I will, your honor, "ho replied, with meek ness and an instant obanga of demeanor, although it was notioed that groat beads of perspiration bad broken ont on his forehead, and that, now ond then, these merged thorn- eelves one in tho other and thon ran triokliug down bio faoo liko an overcharged rain-drop on a widow-pane, " For two or three days I changed my way to the office," ho aontinscd, " and took anothor street, ao ao to osanpa tho eight of this oppreesivo faoo. It was a nselcBO pre caution, however, for what had bean a day- horror now beoamo a night-mare. For tbo first timo in my life, I baaama tho victim of insomnia. The horrible blank features covered the walls liko a pattornod papor ; they were aB visiblo in tho darkness as in tha light ; thoy kept my eyes opon ondBtared into them ; and tbey aoverod me liko waves roll ing over my bod. Tbo void, meaningless fooo was with mo in a hnndred fantastic ond distressing shapes, and I felt that I aonld have strangled the beast of a possessor hod he oome within my gtBsp." The little man's voice rosa into a soroeoh, the dull blue eyes fleshed like a moving mirror, and his cheat heaved, while he twisted tbo red-silk bandkorohief into a soarlot rope. " On the morning ot tho third oleopleiB might," ho went no, sinking hia voiae into a a hoarse vrhiepor, wbilo the orowd in the aourt-room leaned forward as ono man to hoar what was being said—" on tho third morning, I got np and dotorminod to put on 'end to it all, I took out a razor, threw baok my collar, in this wBy, and wbb going to out my throat, when the idea entered my head that I would first go and squoezo tho lifo out of my tormenting devil, and than como baok and make away with myoalf, Drossing hurriedly, I ran down stairs and into the etroet. I was in front ot No. 8G3, liko a flash ci double-greased lightning. Quiok aB I was tha montrous villain was jaBt as quiok. Baok wont _ tbo curtains, as though jerked by red Zomiol himself, and out shot the faae — a soaroorow that would frighten tho vory bine- birds of hoaven. No doubt about it, the ghost-like thing waa monkinn m« now — mooking my misery, mooking poor old mo, who had been oureed by it for forty million ycarB. i don't know what I said. Call thorn blaok, bad words. All the blood rnBhed to my head, until my ears rang like tha seven bells of Kingdom' oome, With a one, two, three, I wao in the houso; and with a four, five, six, I was squeezing his wind-pipe— like this." "Look out, judge I" yelled Mr. Lang, while a cry ol horror rose from tha people. Tho jadgo had been gently swinging him- eels around in a quarter-oirole on his ohair, looking keouly now at the curious witness, and now inquiringly st tho proseonting at torney. Ashoowung round the last time, the prisoner leaped out from his plaoo, no though moved by a stool spring, and flung himself npon tho judgo liko a oat. Tho shook throw tho judge nut nf the ohair, and both went down together. There wore soarlo and soroams from behind tho doBk, and when the bailiff reached him had wound the haodkerahici around the judge'a neok and was tngging at it liko a demon. A dozon other rcBcuors woro on hand tho noxt minute, but it took nearly tho whoio of their mis directed strength to toaraway the Bhrieking, frothing maniaa and carry him down stairs to tho safer accommodation ol the "tanks," " Tub Into Arohbiskop Tait was onae stay" ing at a small village in Perthshire. Ho gave instructions for his letters to bo sent to the local post-office to bo called for. On tho first day ot hisnrrivnlthe Archbishop wont down to tho.general shop whioh also did duty for for the post- office, and oBkcd : " Axe thoro any letters for the Arohbiohop of Canterbury ?" To this tho storokaoper, without aotually replying to tho qnestios, said : "Maybo yoa'li bo that purrson yaraol'?" " Well," said tho Archbishop, " as a mattor of faot, I am," " Weol," oontinued tbo good man,-' I havo a Bon, and ho is in a shop in London, and ho told mo that he ainae gaed to St. Paul'e Cathedral to hear ya preaoh, and ho ;waB vorra weol Batiofiod wi1 yo." Tun correlation that .or a long time was oupposod to exist botweon the number of " annular " rings formed in the trunk and the ago ot tha tree lias beon ret otod on tbo best of evidonoo. _ M. Ohoronoy, tho Fronoh explorer who visitod tho ruina of Palonqne, Mcxiao, in 1859, and ogain in 1882, ond thoroforo at an interval of 23 years, found that tho troos that had boon out by him in the first-named year had, in tho short space of loss thou an quortor of a oentury grown now trunkn whioh exhibited no less than 230 of these so-called " annular rings "—an average of nuariy 10 o yoar. From ohaervatione made by M Bouesonord, it would appear that plantB often form no loss than twolvo oon- oontrio growths in tho spaas of a year, two of whioh aro saucily muoh moro developed thon she remainder, wbioh appoar to corres pond to a period of maximum ciroulatory aotivity. Diffident Youth: "Why, you Bnroly must know that I have b mouotnoho. Can't you bob it?" QhyMaidon: "You must remember that I am very near oighted," 