CHAPTER Xni. «' What Love "Was Ever as Deep as a Grave." The fatigue that Sibyl had gono through since nightfall had rande no impression upon Ler physical being, or no impression of which her mind was qonscious. If her limbs ached with the tramping to and fro and up and down over the rough ground by the isliff iho had no consciousness o! her pain. Her mental suffer ing, her keen anxieties, her grief and horror at tho deed that had been done, left 110 room in her consciousness for the sensation of bodily pain. She walked up and down her bedroom, and in and out to her balcony, in the growing light of a glowing dawn, and although all that is most comfortable in tho way of bed, sofa, and easy chairs offered a Sybarite rest, she had no inclination to fling dowu that weary form into any of those cushioned nests which stood ready to receive her. Sometimes she walked to and fro with automatic monotony; sometimes she went hurriedly out to the balcony and stood looking at the sea and the sky. A wild sky, a rough sea, a livid dawn that heralded a tempestuous day! And she had driven bim out into the storm; she had urged him to act against his own judgment, which would have bidden him stand his ground. Was it wise, was it well! Now* that the act was irrevocable—now that the shattered door told its story of prison breaking and ignominious flight, she asked herself that question with maddening iteration. Ignominious flight. Yes, that was the word. The man who flies from the face of Justice must needs submit to the ignominy that attaches to all flight. Innocence should stand firm, and wait the worst that fate could do. If0 doubt that was the idealist's view of the situation. But then came the thought of stern reality—the possible conviction—the possible gallows—the inscrutable perversity of fate which sometimes dooms an innocent mau to a dis graceful death, all for want of somo little clue to thread that labyrinth 'of circumstantial evidence, and get at the core of truth hidden somewhere in the midst of it. Guiltless men have been hanged, even in this present century of enlightened legislation, and to tho cud of time there will always bo that cruel possibility of inuocence paying the penalty of guilt. On the whole, therefore, Sibyl was thankful that she had helped to get Brandon Hountford out of tbo clutch of tho law. For the time being he might suffer in honour und reputation by that escape, he might have to exist under av heavy cloud— an exile in some distant country, living under a false name, cut off from all the friends and associations of his youth. But in the years to come the cluo to the mystery might be found, and tho wrong might be righted. 41 Who could havo done it r" Sibyl asked herself, with her hands strained tightly upon licr aching forehead, as if she wanted to wring some sulden inspiration out of licr owu tired brain—44 Who could have douc it r" she asked and then told herself despairingly: "I feel as if all the thinking power were gone out oE my mmd. I can imagine uo one who would do such a deed. Everybody, liked her. She had no enemy. It could only have been some ruffian with the wild beasts' thirst for blood— some madman." "A madman, yc3!" Sibyl turned sick with agony as she remembered what Brandon Mount ford hud told her about that inscrutable disease which cau change sanity to madness, tho sudden clouding over of tbo brain, the maniac's impulse towards evil. 44 Oh, if it were he, after nil. If my con viction of his innocence should bo u mere delusion, born of my lovo for bim! Well " after a pause, " if it is so, I am the more thankful that he is free. ITy poor, afflicted love, marked out by Fato to bear so cruel a j burden. Who would not help you to escape r" Aud then came a still moro appalling thought. .If ho had done thisthiug: if his unconscious hand had taken Mario Arnold's life, who could say whether this first crimo might not l>o tho begiuning of a series of murders? The impulse having ouco arisen, might recur, and this mau—tbo man sho , admired, and loved, tho man of high birth and gentle breeding—might become a scourge and a horror to his fellow- men, a wrctcli whose death or whoso life-long imprisonment would be required for cbo safety of others. Sho flung herself upon her bed, and hid her I faco from tho daylight, awe- stricken at tho horror her own thoughts had conjured up. The wind shrieked and howled in the chimney) and there was something hideously human in the sound. One gust more violent than the rest seemed to shake even those solid walls. -There was a dreadful silence in the house next jmSrning when Sibyl awoke'from a sloop of sheer exhaustion. She was lying on the bed, still wearing the black gown in which she had walked to and fro, with all tho dust and chalk of the road and tho cliff upon it, but careful hands had spread a down coverlet over her, and the morning cup of tea-which she generally took at seven o'clock wa3 on the little table by her bod, showing that the faith ful Perriby had been watching her slumbers. The window she had left open was shut, and tho closed Venetians darkened the room. Sibyl sprang Up from tho bed, and ran to look at tho clock on the mantelpiece. A quarter to "eleven. How long, how heavily she had slept—a dreamless sleep, unshadowed by any consciousness of tho cares that made waking so terrible. Tho wind had been raging when she last looked at sky and sea. Tho sky was calm enough how, when she opened the shutters and looked seaward; a dull , gray sky ; but tho waves were rising and falling with a slow and sullen violence, and the livid patches of foam showed hole and' there upon the leaden-coloured expanse. ^ She rang her boll, and Fcrriby came bustling ! I in, j " Oh, how tired you must have been. Miss— J regular dead beat, to full a sleep in your clothes, and sleep, from twelve o'clock to close upon cloven all but twelve hours. You, too, such a light sleeper. I've got your bath ready; but let me fetch you a fresh cup of tea first. "You can't driuk that stuff," pointing to the neglected cup. " It's stone cold." "Never mind tho tea. Yes, I was very tired; my bones are still aching." " And I don't wonder at it miss. Dear, oh, dear, what times we're livingin! Such a storm last night 1 We shall hear of ever so many hoatsdost before dark, Hampton says." And then Perriby related how Mr. Mount ford had broken out of Elicrslie lockup in the midst of the storm, a proceeding to which she evidently attached an idea of Satanic power, as if he must at least have had help from the sons of darkness; and how the hue and cry had been raised, and tho country was being searched far and near, and tho telegraph wires atEllerslie Post Office wero working as they, had never worked before. "And all I can say is I hope they won't find him," concluded Ferriby. "He was the nicest gentleman that ever came into this bouse—and if he did innrder that poor young lady in a fit of madness—as they say he did— why, it was his affliction, and not his fault." " Who says that he murdered her ? " " Well, miss, everybody thinks ho did it, and madness would be his only excuse. Not that there was anything like madness in his ways. Thomas who always waited upon hiin, says there was never a politer, quieter gentle-' man. None of your swearing or flying out at a scrrant for nothing. Ho had rather a nervous manner sometimes, Thomas rays—a little absent-minded—but never no violence— nothing that looked like being out of his mind." Poor Brandon! To be discussed and anatomised in tho servants' hall—to havo fallen so low—the talk of the village inn—hunted by policemen, his description telegraphed from pinco to place. • It was nearly one o'clock when Sibyl went downstairs, white as a ghost, in her- black gown and wandered aimlessly about tho house, almost wondering not to sec Marie's bright face in any of tho rooms. Tins dread mysterj of death was so difficult to realise,.even now, after all she had suffered within the lust day and a-hulf. The shook, the horror of the murder were ever present in her mind, but she had not yet realised tho forever—the cruel fact of death, tho vanishing for ever of one familiar face, the eternal dumbness of the voice that had so lately been part of her home and of her life. Never more to see Marie Arnold—tho companion of all her girlish years, tho happy years in which there had been no shadow of eare Now life seemed all care, and dread, and difficulty. It needed all her stoicism to visit the room where tho dead girl was lying—that room now so quiet, and pure, and peaceful—yesterday | defiled by the muddy hoots of tho coroner's Jury. tilled with mnttenngs aud whisperings about the hideous circumstances of her death. Nc.t a traco of thoso rough visitors remained to-day. Tho white curtained bed rose pale in tho dim light that crept through closely | fastened Venetians, and the coverlet was almost hidden under white flowers—azaleas, iiiies, all tho most precious blooms that the hothouses of Ellerslio could supply. Sir Joseph's own trembling lips had given tho order. "Be sure there are plenty of flowers. She was so fond of flowers." "You'd like to see her, wouldn't you, miss;" ; naked Feniby, when her mistress was dressed. ' No- !t C0UM not boa question of bhng-' evcV n«'o of Sibyl's being con treated with pain at the thought. Like, "no. But it was her duty, perhaps-a duty she owed to the dead to stand for a little while by that placid form, which could never more rise up and hold out loving arris towards tho adopted sister. It might seem cold-hearted, self-absorbed, to keep aloof from that awful room, whore the great mystery offered its solemn question to Christian and philosopher After this, what.? Or is this, indeed, tho end. Femby's tone implied that her mistress ought to look upon tho dead, and Sibyl wanted to do what was right. She wanted aU tho household to know liow truly shohSd loved ITsitic Arnold. Sho went to the door of the room-that room which sho-wa to enter so gaily a dozen times a toy-to show Jfarie this or that-books, flowers, finery—to ask questions, to tell little scraps of girlish news, to discuss an idea, any sadden fancy that had flashed into her brain. Mane had been the only close com panion of those impressionable years—the years which change the child into tho woman. An upper housemaid opened the door at Sibyl's light knock, and the cool darkness of of the room, the perfume of the lilies of the 10 ey, suggested a cbapcl in some southern laud. Sibyl looked fearfully towards the white bed. Yes, there was that rigid outline under the snowy sheet. That which she had seen and shuddered at in painting. and sculpture, but which her eyes bad never looked upon till now in its terrible reality. Slowly and with noiseless footsteps sbe approached the beo, but when the housemaid put out her haul to raise the linen sheet which lay so lightly over tnat marble form, Sibyl stopped her with a Ipw, faint cry. "So, no, no. Let mo remember her as J knew her—not like this." She sank on her knees at the foot of the bed covered her face with her hands, and thought a prayer—a prayer for the reposo of that passionate soul—such a prayer as the Anglican Church forbids, hut which instinct prompts whenever tho living look upon the dead. Sho prayed for the peace of tho dead, and prayed »tjU more fervently for that unhappy fugitivt whose life was dishonoured by this untimely death, who, guilty or innocent, had to beat the shadow of crime. Her eyes were drowned in tears when she rose from her knees, and took one of those fairy-like blooms from tht shower of lilies which had been scattered ovei tho sheet, and with this poor little flower in her hand sho stole softly from the room where the middle-aged housemaid sat by an open window reading her Bible by the flickerins light that filtered through the Vcnetiar shutters. For tho housemaid, pious, middle aged, and a confirmed spinster, there was a dismal relish in this quiet guardianship of the dead. To sit in a cool flower-scented room, and road tho Messianic prophets in tho soirit of unquestioning faith that seeketh not to understand what it readeth, was better than to overlook housework, and pry into those dusty corners which those pert young pink-frockeo housemaids are so apt to neglect. The uppei housemaid felt the importance of her cbar-e, most of aU when Sir Joseph sat groaning, or sobbing beside tho bed, as he had done in the dead of the night, when those passionate tears of Ilia had startled the watcher from a profound slumber. She felt that she was • being admitteid to the family secrets, that her situation, always a good one, was placed on a higher footing henceforward. The door closed upon the chamber of death, hut scarcely had Sibyl crossed tho threshold when she met Hubert Urquhart in tho corridor, where, even in the dim light from the shrouded windows, sho could see how palo and worn he was. ''Are you going to look your last upon poor Marie ? " she asked. "No, no; I never look on tho dead. ] shouldn't like to confess as much to a sports man, but even the sight of a dead stag harrows me. It suggests what I must come to, sooner or later. I .was on my way to your boudoir.'' "Yon have news—of him? " "Yes, there is uews-of a sort. I want a few minutes' quiet talk with you, Sibyl—I may call you by that name, may I not? All wo went through together last night gives me a kiud of claim, doesn't it ? " "What docs it matter?*' sho caelaimed, impatiently. "If you havo anything to tell mo, don't keep it back. If it is bad news I would rather hear tho worst at once." She looked pale to fainting, and he thought sho would drop at his feet." He put his arm round her to steady her, and drew her gently towards an old fashioned settee, which stood agaiust the wall under a largopicturohy Snyders, which represented tho crisis in tho life of a hunted hoar, whoso ultimate fate iiabadv had ever troubled to inquire into. Door, houndp, landscape, bail all mellowed to a dead level of ] brown varnish and blue mould. ♦•.She thinks only of him; cares only about him," thought Urquhart, as he seated himself by Sibyl's side, with his arm still supporting her. It galled him to see that she took no more notice of his arm than if it bad been her old ! nurse's. 4 4 You have bad news?" she said, agitatedly. 14 He has been followed—arrested ? " 44 Alas, if the worst has happened, it is even , worse than that." " Oh. God, oh, God, have mercy upon me ! "What could be worse—except his death ? " j 44 Ah, Sibyh that is the point. I am so sorry I for you—so sorry that this man's hate should | have such power to afflict yon. This man stranger here a few weeks ago " • '-Don't talk like that," she cried imperiously. 141 love him! That is enough /or you to know. I am not ashamed of my love. Whftt j has happened to him ? 3?or God's sake, speak." Site clutched at the lapel of his coat, looking at him with wild, despairing eves; startling him with the rehemence of her feelings. 44 Can you bear to hear what I must say, i I have 'o tell yon my worst fear r " ' 441 must bear it. Nothing can be worse than this torture." 44My poor Sibyl! There was a gale las! night, after the smack sailed—a gale from the I south-east, blowing dead on our coast yonder. They were to put him ashore in the early morn ing, and to come back to Ardtiston with the news that all was safe. I was down at the village an hour ago, and the men had not come | back. There was no news of the Hun* Jane." 44 They may have gone further along the teast." 44 Hardly, with such a wind in their teeth. Ihc storm wrs short and sharp, but murderous I while it lasted. There is a feeling of appro- f Lension in the village. I saw the skipper's wife. * She flew at me like a tigress—told me that if her husband and his boy were lost it was my doing; my cursed money which had tempted him to take his boat out on such a night." ""What!" cried Sibyl; 44 was it ft dangerous night? Did yon know that there was the risk of the boat being lost ? Oh, ir you did know that, what a wretch you are! Luring him to i his death nndc-r the pretence of saving him from j the gallows—over-persuading him, against his ■ own reason—and I—I helped you J" '•This is sheer madness," said Urquhart, rising indignantly, and moving r.way from her. 44 If you take the thing iu this spirit I can say I no more. You knew as much about the nigbt j as I could know. Tou heard the wind rising, as I heard it. But neither you nor I could know that there was to be a sharp squall after | daylight. Ton knew what I knew Hoimtford's peril, and that to stay where lie | was might mean a disgraceful death." 44 And to escape a possibility he has flnng away bislife, " said Sibyl, despairingly. 44 Well, we | have helped him to some purpose: We have done him a good turn between us! If the boat is lost, and his life with it, you and I are his 1 murderers:" 44 It is folly to talk like tins—absolute folly,'' Urquhart answered savagely. 44 If be i« drowned—well, it is a better death for j gentleman than beingput out of this world by | tue common hangman. And, after all, he wa nothing to you—not even your affianced j husband—yet you hare hazarded your good | name for lata, and now you are eudange yourrcason." hhc looked at him with a puzzled, semi conscious expression, as if she hardly heard j him, or heard without understanding, 44 What is the woman's name r" she asked. 44 What woman ?'' 44Tbe woman whose husband owned the boat 1 that is lost?" 44 Or that may he lost. Tlic-re is nothing certain yet. The woman's name is Kettering." '• Where does she liver" *4Iu the lane at the hack of the Fisherman's I Rot. What are you going to do?' as Sibyl | went towards the staircase. 441 am going to Mrs. Kettering." 44 "What madness. Ton will make yourself j the talk of the village." 441 am going to sec Mrs. Kettering. The J boat may-have come hack, perhaps. There | may be good news for me at the village." • 44 What will your father think ?" 44 He will not mind. He believes in Brandon'* innocence as firmly as I do." 44Kc will change his mirid, perhaps, when he hears that Brandon has ran away-, muttered Urqtiharf, walking up and down the gallery after Sibyl had left him. He did not pacd that long galleTy from end to end, but turned at about two-thirds of its j length, giving a wide berth to the door at the j east end, that door wluch closed Marie | Arnold's room. Marie's room, how soon it j would cease to belong to her—how soon that | strong personality would have passed out of the dally life of Ellerslie House, leaving—to Uru uhart's mind at least—a blank whicli none could fill. ' 0 There was no good news in the little sea coast village* not a whisper of hope to 1)3 heard in all the length and breadth of the long, irregular street straggling along the cliff road. Sibyl found the little lane behind the fisher man's Rest—a lane of about a dozen stone cottages—full of sad faces and weeping women. The Mary Jane, with her crew of five, had gone to the bottom—all hands on board—and there was scarcely one of those rough stone cottages whose inmates were not , weeping for kinsman or husband, sweetheart or ; friend. The inter-marriages of the small' rustic community had. interwoven the whole village in the ties of kindred. There could hardly be a death at Ardliston which would not justify all the inhabitants in putting mourning, whence it arose that rusty black was the chief wear from ono end of the village to the other. Three family names prevailed along the straggling street, and if people w not Kettering.-, they must needs be Hesslcs or Gurforths—while Garforths, Hessles, and letterings were all allied by cousinship. Tints it was that the weeping for the loss of the Mary Jane filled the air in the narrow lane behind the Fisherman's Rest, and dishevelled women sat on the nigged stone steps leading up to cottage doors, while little groups clustered at the corners talking of the catastrophe, the faet of which no one donbted. "Alas, there seemed no room for doubt, since fragments of the Mary Jane had been washed ashore near one of the dangerous rocks on that rockbound coast, and it was clear tbe ill-fated boat had been blown on to the iron jaws of that nigged point—which the fishermen's wives all knew and had heard of as a devouring monster—and had been split into matchwood. Some among those old time-hononred boats in iho little fislier fleet that sailed out so gaily from A rdliston in fair weather, needed no gigantic forces of nature to ponnd them into rottenness and ruin. The Mazy Jane had been renowned as a nwift sailer, and had come off with flying colours in many a fisherman's race at the annual regatta ; but age will tell, rind tbe Mary Jane was older than her owner had ever cared to remember. [to becosiesued next week.] 