WHO IS HE? OR Tha Indian Mahatma in Australia. joorvniwr.l j . AN AUSTRALIAN STORY, 01? THE .Natural & Supernatural, I. BY KENNETZ HAMILTON M.D., F.2i, 0.8. CHAPTER XXII. — (OoNTimjED.), 'No, Mies Marsden ; tho conccros of tho city do not soom to belong to mo in any way —and yet I reinombor now I did hear Si* Samuel Moses ask our friond, Lumsdcn, if tho city was not likoly to havo nn carthquako *ooiij but Lumsdon laughod long* and loud, so I suppose it was only a joko. But soiuo ono calls. I must go. Good-night, Edith, kind little friond — you havo given mo now energy and thoughts to-night.' x uiu. jkm. near unyono can. ' No ! thore it iB again — -'tis that man, the master of my life. I must go — I must go!' Apparently quite oblivious of Edith or ball-room or anything, with a sudden, half stupid look, Barton turned and wont swiftly, with tho air of- a somnambulist, out at the opon door and over tlio smooth lawn into the quivering moonlit night. . '' Goorgo ! George, my darling! 'What ia it? You — so strong, so able a man ! 'What is this mystery? Alas ! that you ever should havo rescued mo from a sleep that at loast could not havo had this yearning pain in it— and yot I cannot wish I had novor known you, but ono thing remains — I must boar, as othors havo done, and wait. Love can do no harm, but by its unselfish desiro for tho supremo good of tho loved one will surely , draw down blessings and bo a guard from that evil influence whatever it may bo.' ?Wait and boar pationtly and silently, then, Edith Marsdou — at least your own heart will gain in courage and strength, and your sympathy with othors who suffer will deepen and strengthen; bo you shall bo of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a lonely woman, bearing othors burdens becauso of the . strength that has conio of sorrow and silent bearing of your own. Many a lonely woman ? lias so lived, and. will so live whilo tlio old ? oarth turns round. . CHAPTER XXIII. THE SAFE BOBBEQY. i. ?' I - Halim Haki, or whatever was his name, and Barton, or whatover was h ia name, had ? loft their old domicile in Little Bourko street. ; . Barton novor know whether his involuntary r introduction to tho 'Wallaces pleased or dis pleased hiB oompanion and mastor. The In dian was inscrutable — at any rato he made the best of tho inevitable and never grumbled against fortune no matter what pranks sho played him. Tho relationship between the two men was unchanged. Tho Saxon sub mitted to tho awful wilUforco of the adopt. It soemed as if tho eastern magician played with him as tho cat plays with tho mouse, giving him montal latitudo for a timo only to s withdraw the liconse again as if from mero ? ? . - whim. Ho played on tho man as tho skilled v musician plays on the Btringod instrument, or rathor as tho expert horseman controls tho mottled stood, atone time allowing him to paco and easo and at another pressing homo . tho sharp spurs into his reeking flanks. ? , - Barton was right when he told Miss Marsden that ho could not distinguish his ono self from his other self. His two oxistences wero almost as distinct as if there wero two bodies und two souls.' , But Halim had not quite doserted Little Bourko street. That thoroughfare possesses \- . a population getterit. In its dens may bo found tho besotted Chinese, tho savage Afghan, tho stealthy Malay, mingling with : T , tho equally savage scourings of a British city. ' Perhaps tho detective seeking his proy in these squalid purliens, or tho sturdy police man walking carofully up tho narrow roadway know something of tho Indian's dark aud mysterious houso, but thoy had always onough business on hand to prevent them making incursions iu to regions which might not turn out profitable, and tho house was loft soverely alono. Tho only ono seen in connection with tho place was a fierce Bon galeo, who looked as if 'Thuggrism' washis creed and it* praotieo his forte. In tho samo room there in Littlo Bourko ' street in which wo saw domieilod our mysteri ous acquaintances, wo can seo the samo two ? men seated again as they then were. 'Bar- ton's ' eyes had the samo far-away look iu thom as wo noticed then, and ho had evidently returned from one of those mysterious jour . neys in spirit land, on which ho travelled obedient to tho will of his companion. 'Tho time has come,*' said tho Indian, ' 'whonwomust make our first attempt. I ' nm suro you will be ready.' 'Yes,' said Barton ; 'I am ready, but I . do not understand your aims. Tlioro is . soaiothing in mo that rebels against it all, .i anl yot I cannot forco myself free. You v . overpowor mo. I fool oppressed hero and v- thoro,' fltrikiug his head and heart. 'I know you are hurrying mo into somo iufemal ?y . . ? wiokodnoss or auother. I know you havo had k mo in tho past by eomo infernal wickedness, ? and yot I can do nothing. Curse you J' ho ^ . continued, 'I don't know what keops my hands from your throat, yoir villain, to throttlo you, to Bqueozo your lifo out of your . miserablo carcass bit by bit.' . . Ho had suddenly reached tho sfcago of \- ; . furious rage, and ho roso up and strodo over l .-.v; to tho Indian, who remainod calm and care less. 'Seo,' Barton went on, 'that arm— look it that ohost. 'Why, man, I could crush '? .the ? ? littlo insignificant life out of you before inohowl of fear could pierce these walls.' ' nu.sh,» said tho Indian, calmly and : v. authoritatively, and tho man utterod not an ; otlior word. 'Listen. To-night our first attempt has to bo made, and tkere must bo no failuro. Tho object is to checkmate . wickedness, as you puritanical English coll it, and two old friends of yours, Perrin and Simpson, will thank you woll hereafter. Why v f should interest myself about thom lean vr hardly understand, and I don't think it comes / ? from woaknoss— and tho spoakor smiled— Now, what I want dono I can oxplain in a ,\ o. : very short timo. You know whero tho horso \- »?: - and oart aro ?' ' r: - 'Yes.' ' Vory well, you must havo tho cart and ' ^ . ; horso on the crossing of tho St. Kilda and .Domain Roads at half-past eleven to-night. ,7.- . ? Tou must not wait for mo butcoatinuowalk . Ing up tho road. I shall bo thoro and follow ?X , fou, and after you roach Fiiudois Btreot I'll . - :? yot on tho cart and talco tho reins. Do not w* - . Dotico anything, but simply do as I toll you ^ —you understand.' . 'Yos! Iundorstand?' ? 'It ia now nine o'clock and you must j itartatonco. You must put on tho dress I ? provided for you. Remember in all this you . ^avo notliing to fear no matter what may lappen, I assure you of that, and I also assure ? j you llmt whatever will h? dmir In nI^Ti t u-Hi | injun» th«-rfo who (Iw|t»-o isijttry. ntu\ »uny goiid to thoao who desorvu it. Thai is ;i u ethie.il problem for you when it is Afcitod by mo. Now go, and remember whut I h:ivo said.' About half-past oleven a waggon was driven at tho usual easy paco up tho St. Kilda Road. Tho driver lookod as listless an tho gentleman of his profession as a general rule do.. The big horso joggod along at his fuse, taking ovorything as it came with the indif ference of custom. Soon wero soon the long array of light/i which illuminate PrineuV. Bridge, utrotehing out into tho comparative darkness of tho city beyond. Hero and there tho tall, shadowy buildings and an occasional lofty tower recoivod tho ghost-like reflec tion of a street lamp and stood out like freseo work from tho. background of a leaden sky. Tho policomau.on his solitary beat along tho bridge watched with lazy indiifercuce tho huge horso and cart as thoy rolled past and waked tho echoes of the silent street with hollow rumbling. Ho was even inclined to reliovo tho monotony of his vigil by saluting tlio driver. 'What a condescension of tho spec, and span constable to unofficial mor tality — but ho Beemed half asleep on his 1 perch and tho constable thought no more about it. Opposito tho fish-market a now arrival sprang to tho perch besido the driver not stopping tho lumb.riiig waggon which thuu derod up Flinders street without attracting a glance from a pa.wer-by or oven tho alert , policeman on his beat. Soon it reached tho moro retired streets, whero in tho stirring ' Qucon City of the South' aro won't to congregate. The great black houses were now unoccupied aud in darkness, savo where in tho basemowts here and there or in tho attics a little light gleamed from tho uncur tained window whero tho watchman kept nightly guard. The cart lumbored away and finally turned into tho narrow street at the rear of 'William street and up one of tho right-of-ways leading to tho back premises of the building in which woro situated tho oflices of Sir 'William 'Wal- lace. Tho cart was backed with the greatest coolness as closo as possible to tho wall and tho two men descended. At a touch tho gato was oponod, and ono of tho men, who seemed to havo tho power of seeing in tho dark, cntored tho back yard without hesita tion. 'You remain hero,' ho said in an ordinary tono to his companion. ' I shall call for you when I want you.' Ho walked up to a 'window barred with heavy iron, and, seizing ono of the bars, ho touched it with some chemicals which he took from his pocket. At once a lambent -flame licked the metal and stole rapidly from bot tom to top of tho rod, throwing as it spreud a flickering light on a magnificent diamond ho wore on hiB finger which reflected it again in a thousand coruscations of overy tint. The iron absolutely disappeared. It neither fused nor monlderod — it simply re.solved it self. Tho man with the utmost dexterity cut a circular picco from the large window pane, and the noxt moment he hn.l .swung himself into the inner templo of Mammon, the office of Sir William. 'Might havo avoided this trouble but for the ohains,' ho muttered. ' Now, I must seo about the watchman.' Ho scarcely touched tho bolted door when ? it seemed to spring open of its own accord. The wholo building was in tho dense glOoiu and darkness of night, but this did not trouble tho mysteriouM visitor. He mado his way to tho foot of tho stairs and calmly walked up, step by step, until he reached tho attic, wlicrd beneath ono of tho doors a light sliono Bhowing that room at least had a tenant. Tho door was suddenly flung opon and a young man appeared on the threshold with a revolver in one hand and a heavy life preserver in tho other. ' 'Who aro you?' he cried, as the stranger approached Jiim with calm unconcern. 'Put up your weai-on, friend.' Tho 'friend' had presented tho revolver straight at his head. ' 'Why should I ?' ' Becauso I toll you to do so, and I am ac customed to bo obeyed,' said the other, and, wonderful to relate, after a moment's hesita tion tho deadly weapon was lowered, and tho* watchman's eyes droopod under thomaguotio gaze of tho stranger. 'Back to your couch,' ho said to the man, and obedient as a dog ho obeyed. Into tho littlo room ho went and throw himself heavily on the maltras in a corner. 14 Must give tho thing an appearance,' said tho visitor to himself with a *milc, as ho procecdod to bind the man tu ho lay with a rope ho took from his pocket. Tho business was quickly dono, aud then ho turned to tlio victim or subject, which you will, and told him not to awako for thivc hours and 'forgot.' Whothor tho magnetic sleep is cataleptic or not the man oboyed tho orders, aud when tho mysterious stranger left tho room he left be hind him a body, to all intents, lifeless and sensolcas. Vory deliberately the Indian, for it was ho as will bo very easily understood, walked down i the stairs and returned to tho office. He at onto approachcd ' tho safe, and, taking tho samo bottle from his pocket, applied tho con- i tents all around tho lock, first taking tho pre- ! caution to keop tho aotiou of tho liquid under i control. ! Again tho metal yiolded and disappeared. The massive door swung opon and 'Wallaco^s i treasure was disolosod. The Indiau walkod to tlio window and summoned his companion who leisurely approached.' i ' Take tlio boxes I shall givo you to tho cart and placo them inside,' said tho I master. j Box after box was conveyod to tho window and thenco to tho cart without tho slightest interruption, until the wholo contents of tho safe wero romoved. Tlion and only then tho Indian was contented, nnd he quickly left the place, drawing down the broken window as ho stood on tho window-sill. Barton and he mounted the porch, and tho big home jogged awKy at his usual paco though his load was much greater than it was before. 'Again tho rumbling cart broko the echoes of tho deserted atroot, nnd again somo policeman heard tho souud with indif ference and hardly cast a thought on tho late contingent of tho army of tho night. Noxt day tho columns of tho ovoning papers wero filled with accounts of tho most mysteri ous and audacious safo robbery, and for a weok or perhaps full nino days tho wholo journaldom of the colonios was in a formont, and tho detectives and police forccs rocoivod tho scarifying they always desorvo and, poor wretches, got without mercy. But the cart had jogged along tho Brighton Road until it was near Elsternwick whero it halted, and from behind a terrace of half built housos Barton led a horso and a light trap. Tho oontonta of tho cart wore quickly transferred, and tho two men took their seat on tho vehiole and thon drove rapidly away in the direction of St. Kilda beaoh. Two days after John Smith at tho St. Kilda Court was finod for allowing this cart and horso to wandor. He pleadod guilty to tho insinuation of 'a woo drop too much,' and paid his fino liko a man* CHAPTER XXIV. TUB COKHEH0IAL CB1BIT. There was raro confusion in 'Wallace's Toorak mansion. Lonft before tho master of - tlio establishment was aoouslom-'jd to leavo his bedroom a hansom cab had driven up furiouslr to tho door, and a man had runur 'U'X With su.'h -Ii.iil HiC cr.lnij dcccrous ;tml oliS'-qr.Iuii* had boon so agitated tV.at tl.tir jowdiivl locks stood up on end, and the man who had at last regained sufficient courage to fp'.u the door lookod as if a recent carthquako had j shaken, him out of hix senses. 'Without waiting for explanation the mes- | longer pushed into tho mngnificout hall and ; asked for Sir Willjnnj. ' I must hCc hi:u at once even in his bid- J room,' said he, 'iiud show mo tho bedroom quickly.' | Thero was no denying him, and ho was led ! lip tho staircasc by tho footman who »;u dcavorcd to impress on the gontleman that he j would not bo responsible for disobeying 'borders' in such an outrageous mann.vr. : Sir 'William opened tho' door of his dressing- ' loom uud received tho messenger with every appearance of surprise. The messenger was j tho obsequious secretary. As soon as Sir 'William saw him ho hurried him into the , room, leaving tho flunkey bewildered and a.s ! wiso as ever at tho door. Five minutes nft--r tho bell of tho dressing-room wns also ringing j furiously, and tho footman, who answered — ? he had not been far from the door — saw his master fully dressed and in a state of oxlronu agitation ' If tho hansom has not gono detain it for i five minutes If it has gono ord-ir Jones to bring out the earriago as quickly as ho can gut the horses in.' Tho footman for onco in his lifo made his well-padded limbs do duty iu earnest. Ho rushed down tho stairs and flew to the door. Tiie hansom had not gone, and tho driver was - rubbing down bin amoking horse. Two minutes after 'Wallace came down tho stairs with headlong haste, and, without a word to the wondering servants, he sprang into tho hansom followed by hia secretary. ' For your life, quick !' he called out to the cabby. 'I'll find you a new horse if that one goes under.' Tiie cabman knew his customer, and leaped to his box in an instant, and in another in- 1 staut the vehicle was sweeping down tho ] avenue and out of tho gates into tho road. The horse aud driver bravely earned the muni ficent faro which the latt-r received from tho secretary when the passengers were landed at tho 'William-street ofliee. There were a few loungers about tho doors, and tho pro mises were in the charge of tho police. The constables saluted. The great financier wa» j a man to bo honored. 'Wallaoo came into the office and ran at , once to the safe. It was us had been re- ! ported to him. Not an atom of paper; not a coin of tho realm was there. 'What could be j done? Two detectives were making a care- 1 ful examination of the premises. They saw the void rouad the place where onco the | chubb used to be. They saw the great circle , cut out of the window-pane. Everyone* #-'aw that as well as the officers. But whero was tho iron bar gone to!' 'Where were the shat tered pieces of the ife? Thoy couldn't seo these any more than the less expert on lookers. Wallace said never n word, but in his brain there was always a dull who ns if a fiend was whimpering, 'Dono for, dono for!' in every key, and on every tune that ho had ever heard. Tho full extent of the disaster only himself could know. Even tho money was only tho least of his lossos. There has been evideneo in tlut huge safo onough to destroy the highest roputations in Victoria, his among tho rest. 'What was to b« dono? Was there any way out of auch ruin? Seud for Lumsdcn, and at once.' Luinsden camo nnd Wallace mado no ex aggerated display. He simply pointed to tho safe. I ' All gouo,' ho said. ' 'You're mad to say so !' cried tho other, i 'Noither mad, nor dreaming.' said Sir | William.. * ' 'What, all that money gono ?' ' Ycb, every stiver.' The two men looked nt each other with despair in their eyes. I 'Then, this is no pla'co for mo, ' said Lumsdcn, getting up and coming rouud to ; Wallaco's chair and whispering to him : I 'I shall pick up the few thousands I told you of and slopo un-J share with you. It , is iiot much, but it will curry us over to tho 1 Pacific Slope.' Wallaco smiled. 'Well,' ho replied, 'thero is honor, among thioves after all. But no! my boy. Get away yourself. I am dono for,, and shall meet it all. What you do, however, you will have to do quickly .or you will not have the chance of doing 'any thing.' LuiusJcu took his ally's hand and pressed lit warmly. Good-byo, old man, good-byo land better luck. I daren't meet tho she devils of tho south or. I'd seo it out witliyou. But hang it, man, they would tear mo in picccs if they knew all.' At this ii-.-nneuta telegram was put m his ,li:uul. II n opened it. It 1 was. a telegram from Ilaluu Haki, -Lnunccstou, and ran as follows: .... ? .' I shall waut. to withdraw tho valuables you have of miuo ou-Mouday next. I aur sure the shortness, of. tho- notico will not trouble} ou' Wallace laughed ; aloud at tho rouding of tho h.Vgiam. 'W?!l, Halmi Haki,1': said he, soliloquis ing, ' I. doubt you will, havo to take out a hawker's hecnue. Your gold.uud your. dia- monds havo gouo whoro I doubt you will not follow them.'' .v...;. But lot me to business. He took up his pon aud wroto continuously for upwards of an hour. IIo gave strict orders that no ono was to bo admitted ; that ho was iu to no ono until noon. IIo could hoar tho inquiries mado in the outer room aboutliimself — about tho safe robbery, and conjectures about tlio amount of gold that had been stolen, but ho wroto on. At last ho finished and ho quiotly rolled up the muuuaeript aud sealed, thou as quietly he took a small revolverfrouihiHdwsk drawer, aud, after trying wUh itforaininuto or so, pullod tho trigger and William Wallaoo was no moro. Tho quiot way in which it was all dono was tho only vory rcinarkablo fact about it all. Suioido may bo regarded as cowardly, but thore aro some positions in which, when men liko Wallaco are placod, they caii seo no other alternative. Tho Roman philosopher would not blamo them. - CHAPTER XXV. E1NK BUSFEK8I0K8. Collins Btreot was in an uproar. Mon and womon and children rushod about liko the ante of a nost on which some hoavy animal has troddon and brought ruin. Thoro was madness in tho air — the madness of despair, of disappointed hopes, of ruined fortunes, aud whoro did tho ruin ondP Was thoro any in stitution ssfo f Was tho country iteolf s&feP; It was not to ba wondered at that the peoplo of Victoria wero well nigh fronziod. Thostrujjgloforoxistence is a hard oiu-'at tho best, and men of oven temperate hopes look forward to surceaso of tho labor nnd loll of battle, and risked their present possesion for a future gain. MV'Ibourno had boon in tho olouda. What need would there bo for work-,, ing whon tho wholo outside world was about to throw into Victoria its accumulated wealth ? What moro to do than to spend a littlo monay now and draw it in again ineroastfd a hun dred-fold? It was tho easiest way of mak ing a provision for tho future rainy day that had over beon planned, and a good many plana havo been formed in this old world of ours tr» j find a short-cut to wealth. W. II. 14 . (70 Bit CONTl^UKn.i I 