THE. PREMIER AT FOOTSCRAY. RECITAL AT THE ROYAL HALL. ON- Monday evening the Hon. J. B. Patterson visited Footscray in pursu ance of a promise made to preside at a recital from D:cken's Christmas Carols, by the Rev. J. Nairn. The Premier was met at Melbourne by Mr WV. M. Clark, the Member for the district, and Mr Tucker, the Mayor, who came. down in the carriage with him. On the station, a number of representative gentlemen including Or Fraser, M.B.W., and Commissioner Stewart, M.H.T., Revs. '. 'opeland and J. Nairn, awaited him with others and escorted him to the. Hall.'; A deputation from:the unemployed,. a.lso interviewed him on the station.' Up11 , arrival the visitors were greeted with applause, and also upon taking the platform. The Rev. T. Copeland introduced the chairman, and thanked him for his ready response to the invitation. The Premier had also kindly promisedl to give a few remarks at the close of the recital. Mr Patterson had much pleasure in being present. The lecturer was from the same part of the old country as him self. The Government had to thank the different religious organisations for their kindly efforts to selieve the poverty of the period. They had all been con tending with each other in kindly effort for the good of others. Even out of the adversity we had passed through, good had arisen, as men had I.eem taken out of their own selfislness into caring for their neighbors. He was sure they would appreciate the recital from Charles Dickens, whose writings were most beautiful. He introduced the lecturer. Tihe Rev. J. Nairn made a few pre paratory remarks, referring to the kind neas he had experienced when a lad from the relatives of Mr Patterson in Berwick on the Tweed, and then gave a spirited recital from Dicken's Christmuls Carols, the Story of Scrooge, Marlow's Ghost and Tiny Tim, which was listened lo nitlh great approval and frequent applause. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was proposed by thi Mayor, seconded by the Rev. Mr Copeland, amnd carried with acclamation. The Plremier said the beautiful story thiey had listened to gave them a less,,, for the present. He referred to the gomd old tilmes, when lie had camped iinder a sheet of bark, fried his steak ,m a stick at the camp fire, and drank "posts and rails" out of a pannikin. This was what he did 41 years before, wheen this young country was being built up, years that had passed svway to now land them in a universal time of lebt. And yet with hope and cheerful seas they had the opportunities still to "ank as one of the torelnost nations in lie world. The speaker facetiously alluded to the fact that he had no women coming to him as unemployed t was only moaning men. Though they had not arrived at the New Zealand rtage of giving the franchise to women, it would come, although it was doubtful if as yet the colony was ripe for it; but it was an open question if it would not be much more advantageous to see level headed women walk up to the ballot box rather than staggering ment. The work of a Premier was very various. In the morning he had met a deputation of the unemployed, and in the afternoon attended at the Chamber of Commerce in connection with the court of arbitra tion. He had even on one occasion been interviewed by a lunatic, who appealed to him as the Premier of the colony to stop people putting poison in his porridge. But the most distressing interviews to him were the meetings he had with workless, starving men. It was heart-rending and depressing. One feature he noticed in connection with this was the admirable work done by tih Salvation Army at Pakenham, and there was one fact that specially stood out in this unemployed dilemna. While 1000 men had marched the streets, he had advised ministers to seek out those belonging to their respective denominations and help them, only to be told that not 20 out of the throng acknowledged any creed. The masses had a most mistaken notion of the churches, and had the idea that it was only the well-dressed who were wanted there. But the panacea, he felt, was to settle the people on the land. The land was the gift of God. First there was nothing but.pasture, then came gold, when the gold ran out the cry was lack to the land !. I conclusion he bheought those capablebf furnishiig em ployment to provide it, for labor could never' be got cheaper than at present. What was wanted was hope and cheer fulness, and the colony would soon arise out of the present depression. The Government had'to thank the churches for their active cooperation with the State. We must all help each other and so make things better. The Rev. Mr Keerns proposed, .and Mr Clark seconded a vote of thanks to thePremier for his visit, and hoped that his anticipation of a brighter outlook might:be fully borne out The Gavermi ment had been workisg hard and doing good work. For himself, he had person ally to thank Mr Pattersoc for 15 years ago be had come down to Footscray to say a good word for the speaker (Mr Clark.) Mir Patterson in a humorous way re sponded, and the meeting closed. 