HOME AND FOREIGN ITEMS. GREAT gathering of royal personages at Coburg on Thursday. Sir Thomas Mcilwraith sails for Australia by the steamship Austral. The Vossische Zeitung (Berlin) urgeB strongly that Australia should be permitted to govorn Samoa. The English War Office authorities aro bringing »SOO tons of compressed fodder from Chicago. Latest advices from South Africa state that fears are entertained in tbe Transvaal republic of a rising among thc natives. Sir Thomas M'llwraith has refused three offers to continue tho construction of the cross country lines, the terms offered being unsatis factory. Sir George Grey, the veteran New Zealand politician, was to attend thc dinner given by the Lord Mayoc of London, on St. George's Day (April 23). American Senate talking of putting double duty on British goods unless England agrees to the free coinage of silver and ita use as a monetary standard. In thc House of Commons on Friday a bill providing for the repeal of the Crimes (Ire land) Act was read a second time by a majority of CO votes. Quite an army of policemen were engaged in watching the wild-eyed anarchists, wno, though not invited, wanted to take part in the wedding festivities at Coburg on Thursday. There are eight candidates for the French Presidency, including M. Sadi Carnot (the Bresent occupant), M. Casimer-Perrier, M. upuy, M. Challemal Lacour, and M. Moline. News hos been received from the West Coast af Africa that the British Governor of Sierra Leone was stopped at Coongiale by a body of French and natives, who threatened to kill him. Writing to General Booth Sir Thomas Mcil wraith states that the Salvation Army farm colony at Hadleigh, in Suffolk, gives many evidences that the movement is likely to solve many of the social problems. The French Government in order to meet a deficiency this year amounting to £3,000,000, propose to eoonomise in the management of the railways, and to impose taxes on houses, servants, and monastic property. A " rebel" Brazilian ironclad, which bad surrendered to the Argentinian authorities, was lying peacefully at anchor off Monte Video the other night, when one of President Pei xoto'e torpedo boats stole up and blew ber into the air. Many lives lost. The Daily Ohronicle (London) states that the systematic acts of sacrilege which have been committed in the French ohurchos lately have been traced to a society formed for devil worship in Paris. This society has a liturgy whloh Is a parody of the moss. M. Bouchard, the chairman of the commit tee appointed by the Chamber of Deputies to inquire into the condition of the French navy, reports that there are no torpedo boats of any practical use, and that the greatest confusion prevails in the Naval Department. Lord Salisbury says he would not oppose the judicious reform of the House of Lords. If the Chamber were made elective, the House would be able to insist upon equality in all matters regarding the executive and finance, and the House of Commons would thereby lose its supremacy. News has been received that seventeen State marshals had a desperate fight with the Dalton gang of outlaws in Oklahoma (U.S.A.). The conflict was -a sanguinary one, Dalton, the leader of the gang, and two of the other out laws being killed. Two of the marshals were also killed, besides a woman and a child. Corey's labour army, who are marching from Wyoming, one of the North-western States, to Washington to demand certain re forms from the United States Congress, and who recently seized a train by which they travelled part of their journey, are expected to reach the Federal capital on May Day, and the matter is causing the Government some anxiety. In oonnection with the case of Madamo Joniaux, a lady in high society in Antwerp, who has been arrested on the oharge of poison ing several of her near relations m order to secure their money, lt is stated that M. Ablay, the brother of Madame Joniaux, insured hie life in the Gresham Company for 100,000 francs, and he died suddenly in bte sister's house two days afterwards. Mr. Hall, a gentleman who purchased Cumnor Place, with a view to acquire Amy Bobsart's prison, now believed to he haunted by a ghost, sued the Earl of Abingdon to rescind the purchase, on the ground that the building does not possess the historio associa tions which had been claimed for it. The ghost does not walk. But Mr. Hall lost his case, and must take the prison without the ghost. _ 