PAYMENT OF MEMBERS: SHRIEK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. Sir-As you have expressed a willingness to ventilate the above question, I beg to submit a few thoughts upon the subject. The matter as NOW being considered by the country and the Parliament is placed in such a light that the people are absolutely hoodwinked by false issues and sophistical arguments raised to cover the face, but which blind everybody to the merits of the case. The members' salaries were not reduced out of any consideration on the score of retrenchment, but, as Griffith and Tozor both affirmed, to keep certain undesirable persons out of the House. Whence the right of those persons to dictate who are or who are not desirable representatives is beyond my understanding. I have over Leon led to believe that the various constituencies are the dictators in that regard. Such statements as those now used are akin to an age of despotism when the strong and unscrupulous assumed that the earth and the common herd of men were but so many goods and chattels. That time and thought is, thank God, passing away for over, and we desire not a return to its crude and uncivil ways. Handfuls of arrogant and presuming men are not going to be allowed to make constitutions for the world, the people are going to have a say in this matter, and a big one, too, and the more direct representation they have the loss chance of civil broil. Block them either by force or chicanery, and retaliation of a most undesirable form will undoubtedly follow. How is it possible for the people to have a full choice of representatives unless a fair remuneration is offered, and by what right has the choice of the people to be limited at the dictates of the moneyed classes, who at present dominates our Legislature ? Some argue that a man has no right to aspire to such a position unless his monetary position will permit it. It is the old rotten plea of those whom the accidents of life have favourably placed. "Let the shoemaker stick to his last. Is it not a continuous lament that much able talent is lost because of its lowly circumstances. Yet in this instance were able talent may be available our Solons would throttle it because of their selfish interests. "We hear much about patriotism. A man with a fat purse can easily make large pretensions. He can afford to sit in Parliament without salary. Good fellow He never tells us that the position is an excellent investment ; a kind of extra high-class advertisement to the trader, speculator, Do. Do these men suppose that the world of common sense folk are going to be pulled into the belief that thoso'lmi'd-iisted money making votaries of grab are likely to do anything for nothing. Caesar's ghost I I would sooner believe it possible to extract wisdom from the head of a Hottentot. Nor does he let the cat out of the bag regarding the fact that the Treasury may be looted in ways that are crooked and by methods unseen. It is an easy matter for wealthy members who got the tip that a railway is going to be surveyed through some district to got his friends to purchase land along the route Some may laugh at this likelihood. It is, however, true, and has been done time after time in this colony, and this is a species of much more such practices as obtain in Queensland. It is well for the public to remember that the first Parliament that voted payment to members in this colony voted the money to themselves that the next Parliament raised that salary 1100, making it DeBOO, and the present Premier Nelson was one of the Ministry that introduced it; and that the same Parliament, when approaching dissolution, reduced the salary of the next Parliament to 1150 for the reasons I have stated. Thus he and his party raised their own salaries, while they reduced those of their successors; and when their successors desire to return to the original lines, they abuse them for following in their footsteps. I would point out how wonderfully inconsistent those men are who oppose payment of members. They take the salary while they condemn it. If they were honest they would refuse it; the Treasury will not force them to accept of it. When Higginbotham, of Victoria, fought against the system in that colony he acted like a man, and would not accept a penny, and to-day over £2000 lies to his credit in the Victorian Treasury. It is utter humbug the part of the Ministry to say that there is no money. I have heard their late leader, M'Ilwraith, say more than once he could always get money when he wanted it. Money, it is evident, can be got to send a company of armed police to the back country at considerable expense, and for no real good purpose whatever, unless it is to incite men to commit themselves. There is a growing spirit of despotism in the Colonial Office that is far from healthy, and it is to be hoped that the Ministry will see fit to accede to the vote for this equitable payment of members. They ought to' realise that their duty is to obey the behests of the House, or they will have to be taught that the Ministry is neither the Parliament nor the country. but their servants. -I am, sir, c" Brisbane. JOHN CLAY. 