' Short, Sharp, Shiny.1 Maud—"Don't you think: my new shell fonnet a very striking one?' \- Lucy—" "Very 'striking; indeed, it ought to knock out all spectators." Hot. Burglary. Cyclorama. .. False pretences. Brazilian revolt. . "Continentals." .. An exoiting bolt. : Bravery rewarded.; . 'Canadian scandals.: London wool sales: A lucky policeman. Another gold rush; . Crime in Tasmania. A curious marriage. Village settlements. Infants buried alive. Intercolonial cricket. Floods in Queensland. Fire in a woollen milk Fatal boiler explosion. Baby farming in Italy. An audaoious burglary. • Agricultural show week. Locomotive construction. Good yields at Waukaringa. Sudden death in Melbourne. Legislative Counoi! elections. : ' China keeps her eye on Russia. That Goodwood orossing again, . Only a few more " Continentals.'-' Heavy rains in New South Wales. A Queensland railway submerged. Racing men are leaving for Viotoria. Mr. Gladstone's retirement again rumored. : The Mining Act-of 1893 comes into force to day. . Men are leaving Broken Hill for Wauka • ringa. . The' Malvern burglars had. an eye for jewellery.' , The Tasmanian Parliament was opened yesterday. The Orpheus Sooiety will sing at to-night's ".Continental." Napoleon's ghost still lingers on the battle field of Waterloo. An Austrian baron died suddenly in Mel bourne on Monday. «. Twenty-five persons killed by a boiler ex plosion in Russia. < H.M.S. Royalist arrived from West Aus tralia on Tuesday. A Grand Committee is dealing with needful Sootoh legislation. \- ■ The fifth congress of Agricultural Bureaus commences to-day. .... South Australian butter has been sold in London at 115s. per owt. Great excitement at Broken Hill over the gold finds at Waukaringa. Another, Bentley-Webster concert in the Town Hall to-morrow night. Some very useful work was done on the Old Course on Tuesday morning. - The members of. the Police Force have only deferred their annual outing. ' _ Lovely Gully is situated between five and six miles west of Waukaringa. : The autumn meeting of the Victorian Racing Club commenoes on Saturday. The Customs receipts up to February 24 amounted to £344,10617s. 5d. Another narrow escape from a serious acci dent at the Goodwood orossing. .East Lynne dead at last. Alas! only a horse of that name and not the drama. The Hon. R. S. Bird has been eleoted Speaker of the Tasmanian Parliament. • A wealthy American heiress has bestowed her hand and fortune upon a " bobby." Time-expired men from the Ringdove and Orlando leave for England by the Cuzoo. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court ••were brought to a conclusion on Tuesday, . ; One thousand persons thrown out of employ ment by the burning of a mill in Durham. , For the second series of London wool sales 9,300 Australian bales have been catalogued. The membership of the Young Women's Christian Association of London has reached 14,000. : A Tasmanian letter-carrier sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment for stealing registered letters.. A new stamp of engine for the overland line has just been completed by Messrs. J. Martin and Co. . , . The Garrick Dramatic Club give three per formances at the Bijou Theatre, commencing to-morrow. A gigantic engineering soheme for storing the waters of the Nile for irrigation purposes is in contemplation. .Floods in Queensland and heavy rains in New South Wales. Where dOes South Aus tralia come in ?" The Rev. H. Girdlestone was welcomed to Adelaide laRt. night by the old scholars of Stu Peter's College. ■The money issued from the Royal Mint last year was-Gold, £13,907,840; silver, £849,939 : bronze, £51,556. ■i A woman .who has died in Hungary, aged 116, is said to have lived for the lass ten years mostly upon coffee. . .General Tullooh says Victorian officers are quite sufficiently trained to take their places in the English service. •The London Daily Chronicle predicts that Lord Rosebery will suoceed to the Premiership should Mr. Gladstone resign. Aocording to the New York World Mr. W. T. Stead will write a book on Chicago, entitled " If Christ came to Chicago." It is stated that Mr. Gladstone is suffering from a cataract of the eye, involving the necessity of an immediate operation. The promoters of the Victorian Property Distribution Company' are being proceeded against on a charge of conducting a lottery. ' The Duke of Sutherland has consented to the County Council reopening the goldfields on his Scotch estate in the hope of finding work for the unemployed. The magistrates in Michigan, aocording to a new liquor law,-are required to oompel persons found drunk in public to state upon oath where they got the drink. Says Mr. Ruskin—"In all things through out the world the men who look for the crooked will see the crooked and the men who look for the straight will Bee the straight." The Princess.'ofWales has purchased a painting from a_ young Bristol artist named Hiles, who, losing both arms in a tram aooident, holds the brush in his mouth while painting. Mr. Donegan—" So they's been printin' the funeral notices av a.man that wasn't dead yit. It's a nice fix he'd be in if he had been one av these people that belave iverything in the newspapers." Somebody has been asking what the word " honeymoon" means. It is stolen from Ger many, where for 30 days after the wedding a sweet drink made of honey is given to the newly-married people. A SUGGESTION. : If Parson Berry1 gives a cow '.To keep the settlers' milkcans full, A ohanae arrives for Kingston now Ste send along an Irish bull; 