THE FREETRADE VICTORY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir Mr. F. D Badgery protests against the result of the recent elections being considered as a victory for freetrade, butpraforB to call it a " success obtained by Messrs Reid and Co by tacking their iniquitous land taxation proposals on to the freetrade ticket " It is for Mr. Badgery to explain how free- trade is possible without direct taxation in some form, and to reply to the many and cogent reasons that have been advanced in support of a land tax as the most suitable, for reaching, and economical with regard to not results of any form of direct tax. Freetrade to have any meaning at all must involve the abolition of all Customs dues, exception spirits and tobacco and a few articles of luxury. How would Mr. Badgery supply the revenue thus given up ? Freetrade without direct taxation is only a poor thin ghost direct taxation is the breath of its nostrds-the life blood which can alone give it vitality. And it must in any case, whether in the form of land, property, or income tax, be mainly derived from the land, which is more than equal in value to all other forms of property The land tax, however, is more suited to the conditions of this colony, as it will enable a class of people to be reached who, while getting no direct income from their estates, are nevertheless getting a large indirect one by means of the unearned increment. It has been pointed out a thousand times that no additional taxation will be had upon the landholder vi who fis bona fide utilising his property. For every 2 that he pays under the land tax more than 20s of what he at present pays through the Custom- house will be remitted, but additional taxation will be imposed on the land monopolist and absentee, in a great majority of cases the first be has over paid, although in the case of holders of town lands practically the whole value of his property has been created by the State Mr. Badgery regrets that " so many ' good men ' should have been left out of Parliament because they would not lower their crest to join in the popular cry, Mr. M'Mdlan's victory being an extraordinary exception." Why, doesn't he knew that Mr. McMillan, too, has (as he would put it) bowed the knee to Baal, that he favours the land tax and is a warm supporter of Mr. Reid of An admirable commentary on Mr. Badgery's jeremiad is furnished by the budget speech of the New Zealand Treasurer which appears in your columns of the same date. That little land-taxed state (land or property taxed for the last seven years), with a population of little over half of ours, finishes the financial year with a gross surplus of £550,000, after spending £250 000 on public works, which we budd out of loans. She still has £290,000 to start the new year with, though of course who, equally with ourselves, has suffered from the terrible fall in the value of her products, and even more than us from financial disasters, I am, Are . CHARLES BROWN. 