Ah Soo's Cremation. RY MUDRA. The stragglers were safe (or the night in the old boree-point yard, two men had finished sapper, and were sitting in the fire light, each busy with his own thoughts. From out of the shadowy background came the monotonous "(ink tink" of the horse bells ; the sound broken occasionally by a grunting cough from the cattle-yard. Long Dan sat puffing his pipe, while Billy squatted, with hands clasped round his drawn-up knees, staring at the blaze. Between them, blinking at the smoke, sat Bluey, the cattle dog. From the belt o( brigalow, which marked the line of the water-course, rose the long-drawn wail of a dingo-slut, followed by the shrill treble of her pupa- inexpressibly dismal, when heard in the distance. " What yer thinkin1 of, long-'un ? " Long Dan drew the pipe from his mouth, " I was juBt meditatin'," he said. " That dingo in the scrub there, with her batiake* squeal, minded me of a night in the north a night when I come 'bout as ciose to Iosin' the number of my mess as a man could be. Seems rummy that all the night-sounds in the bush should be so blessed mournful; there's the dingo, and the mopoke, and the curloo, and that other bird-I dunno what it is that cries like a loBt soul. No wonder the old handB was alius pitchin' 'bout ghosts." " An' when was this night you was minded of 7 " asked Billy. " 'Twas the year of the Palm Creek rush, and we'd left the Downs with six hundred bullocks bound for the field. They warn't the little beefy shorthorns that ve see now-a days, Billy; they was the old sort-great rakin' big-boned fellers with sky-scrapin' hornB. They was good butcher's cattle, and on a gbld-field a man must take what he can get, whether it's beef or bone. And mind you, they can say what they like 'bout the shorthorns, but ye^ll never get a sweeter bit of beef off 'em than we did off the old Bort. "As we nearad the field ve got amongst people agin. MobB of diggers leadin' pack horses 'ud pass us, and great strings o Ghinymen packed just like beasts, with a Chinese overseer drivin' 'em. The Chinese merchants on the ooast used to get mobs of ooolies over from Chiny-bought 'em body an' soul for a term o' years, for a few pounds. O' course they soon found out how they'd been trapped, but what could they do-myalls as they was-in a strange country amongst strange people speakin' a strange tongue. "They dropped along the traok like bnocked-up sheep, and there they was left at the mercy of the blacks. That's how ihe niggers fust got a likin' for Chinee-meat, and the taste grew on 'em, so to speak, till at last it come to be quite a passion; and they took to ruBhin' the caryvans right in the midst 'o a big camp o' whites, andcarnin' off the chow chows alive. But you can bet yer boots that the niggers got the oredit of killin' many a one that they never touched-Ohinymen on the down-track carryin' gold. What was the odds ? There was "plenty more of 'em it the country, and their gold went to Oooktown if they didn't. One night we were camped on a sandy box flat, open and clear; for the flat was just springm' green after bein' burnt. The niggers had been playin'-up on the track, and the troopers had been out dtesBin' 'em down, and was camped on the crick 'bout a mile above us, so we didn't expect no disturbance. " We'd had good luck that trip, no trouble with niggers or nothin,' and the cattle had got that quiet that they'd lie down directly they got on to camp and never move till mornin'. My watch came on at two o'olock, and I was preoious .sleepy when Peter the German roused me up and shoved the reins of tbe old night-horse into my hand. " When I got on my legs I seen that Peter had set a light to a tree at the far side of the camp, a preoious mad thing to do, for a pretty mess we'd have with the bullocks if it fell before mornin'; so I went round to see if I could put it out. But the blaze had got up inside-it was a great holler ooolibah, with a bend in the stem about ten feet from the ground-and I found I was too late to douse it. When I come to look at the tree I reckoned there was no danger of it's fallin' before mornin', bo I didn't disturb the boss. " I rode Tarquin ; he was one of the old sort, big-shouldered and short- legged, and oouldn't fall down unless it was over a precipice. I went round to the back of the cattle, and then I lit my pipe and began meditatin'. I must have dropped into a doze, for when I looked up with a start I found that the horse had wandered with me right Into the middle of the cattle. A few of the beasts had got to their feet and was etreachin' themselves with tails curled over their backs, but the reBt was all lyin' quiet. A contented grunt here and there was the only Bound. " I jerked the old horse's mouth sharp and he spun round and began movin' out. From right behind me there came the most orful screeches that ever I heerd in my born days. Fairly startled, I turned in the saddle and checked the tremblin' stock-horse-fool that 1 wasl Then came the sound that every rover dreads, the rumblin' thunder of six hundred bullocks all jumpin' to their feet at the same instant. Next moment I was bein' whirled out of the camp on the back of old Tarquin, locked in a sea of clatterin' horns. "BillyI I reckon death was starin' me straight in the faoe then, for the old horse was rockin' and pitchin' like a ship in a gale. I knew he'd been ripped Bomewheres already, for he was snappln' savagely at the big red bullock whoBe hip-bone was grindin' my thigh on the saddle-flap. " As long as a man's got a holt of a horse Bnd feels be can steer a bit, his nerve won't fail, but to be carried along helpless, with the knowledge thjt a fall means certain death, is different thing. I pray I may never be in such fix agin. My heart seemed in my boots. I felt mortal cold, though the night was as hot as Cooktown ; and I know I thought my legs was broke. Of a sudden, the cattle in front of me seemed to sink into the earth. Then I hit the ground with a crash that filled me eyes with shootin'-stars; and I knew no more. " When I came to myself it was broad day light, and I was lying on my blanket in the camp, with Peter the Oerman bathin' me faoe with a wet han'kercher. "' Dot's right I' be said. ' You vos not det dis time! I t'ought you vos d'hough ven I fint you. You vos lyin' on der far bank of der greek; it vos a mercy dot der bullocks could not get oop der bank, or you would be tramped to death. Olt Tarquin is det; so is feefty of der gattle-killed in der greek. Driuk eoom of diet' "What was that yellin' that frightened the cattle ?' Bays I. " Mein Gotl did not you yell? Der boss he say dot you vos yell like a loonatic I' " Just then the boss rode up. "' Well, Dan,' he said,1 this is a Dice go I What the blazes started the cattle off the camp, and what in thunder was you screech iu' for 1 There's thirty bullocks dead in the creek and fully twenty more crippled. Let's hear what you've got to say.' " I told him all I've told you, and swore on me solemn oath that it wasn't me that screeched. After a bit he believed me, for he knew that I warn't given to gassin'." (Here Biily turned his face aside to grin, then winked solemnly at Bluey, and that sagacious animal blinked in turn at the Are). " The cattle was bein' tailed up the crick, and in the afternoon we was to go on for a couple of miles to a fresh camp. About ten o'clock the big tree fell with a crash, and the boss and Peter went over to have a look. From out of the shattered stem had rolled the charred remains of a man. The cauBe of the scrcechin' was now explained. They reckoned that a wounded nigger had crawled up the holler trunk, and found a testin' plaoe at the bend, and Peter's fire had roasted him. I s'posed it must be so, but I'd never heerd a nigger squel just like that. In general niggers dies pretty quiet. " That afternoon I went on to the camp in the dray, for I was too stiff to ride. As we travelled along the track we met two Chinvmen carryin' a stretcher, on which was their swags and two muskets. The boss, who was ridin' beside the dray, pulls up. "4 Whore you go ?' he said. " The leadin' Chinkie stopped with a grin. ' Me go cally Ah Soo alonga camp. Me bin walk alonga Palm Cleek. Two day, Ah Boo cut in foot. That fellow no can walk. Ue say-All li. Ah Soo, me go alonga camp fetchee Ah Hop; tomoller come back, oally you alonga camp. Plenty blackfeller ail about. Ah Soo take im waterbag, tale im damper, claw! up alonga holler tree, black fellow no oan find im. lie go cally Ah Soo alonga camp. Goo' blye I" and the Chinkies trotted off. " I looked at the boss and the boss looked at me. He said nothing, but I reckon he was thinkin' a lot. Poor Ah Soo I I thought a nigger wouldn't squeal just like that I " Hullo, Billy 1 are you sleeping ?" Billy's head had fallen forward between the arms ciroling tthe up-drawn knees, until only the top of bis hat was visible. From beneath the hat came a snore. "Well, I'm darned 1" said Long Dan, rising and knocking the ashes out of his pipe " Ye're a pretty cove for a man to be pitohin' to." And Long Dan elouohed off to where bis saddle and blanket lay. ' 