CHRIST CHURCH, HAHILTON ABCHDEACON COOPER'S FAREWELL SERMONS. At Christ Church on Sunday las, the Von. Archdeacon Cuojxr, ALA, preached bis last sermons aa Incumbent, at both morning and evening services. Due to an oversight, which we deeply regret, we were not enabled to pub- lish a report of the sermona earlier in the week, and probably those present at Church on Son- day last bare wondered at the delay. How ever, we have now very much ple&su;'g in placing before our readers a brief account of the Arehdeaoon's interesting discourses, which were listened to with depp attention by the m-mber of the congregation, who for the past ten years have enjoyed the benefits of his earnest work and eloqueot teachings. In the morning, th< Aichdeaeon took for bis text, 1 Cor. »L, 1-2.- "And I, brethren, whe-i I came unto you, cme not wirhexcellenoy of speeoh or of wi<dom, declaring unto you the testimony of God. For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Chris, and Him crucified." At the close of a ministry it as natural to look back to the beginning. Was the comparison with St. PmuI egotistical ? a nreacher after the model at RL Pnril hud h«n describe d by Cowper — Would 1 describe a preacher such as Paul Were he on earth, would hear, approve and own, Paul should himself direct me. I would trace His master-strokes, and draw ffrom his design. I would express him simple, grave, sincere ; In doctrine incoiTUpt ; in language plain, And plain in manner; decent, solemn, chaste, And natural in gesture ; much impressed Himself, as conscious of bis awful charge. And anxious mainly that the flock he feeds May feel it too ; affectionate in look And tender in address, as well becomes A messenger of grace to guilty men. He however, claimed likeness to St. Paul only in the two cliaracteiistics referred to in the text ; depreoauon of rhetorical display, and de termination to preach Christ. The passage had been often distorted as if human reason and learning in mut'ere of religion were disp»r<iged, and as tf veise 2 contained all tht a mioUt«r of the gospel ought to preach. But St. Paul spoke as nn>o wise mn and asked them to judge as to what be said. If reason were not consulted, extravagance, superstition, credulity, absurdities wonld flourish. So too of tbe sub ject mat er tbe apostle dwelt upon the ever- lasting love of the Father, and the word of tbe Holy Sp'rit, he exhorted believers to practice their Christianity and to cultivate Christian graces, and rightly discharge national and civic duties. But the central, the fourdation doct rine was that of the text. The Corinthians united intellectual pride with grass sensuality. The Utter was so notorious thvt it had actually parsed into the vocabulary of tbe Greek tongue ; and the very word to Corinthieoizc meant "To play the w?utoo." This immorality wa< dif ficult to root out of the Cburcb. St. Paul had visited Corinth for tbe purpose of correcting the abuses, and whi'e dealing very tenderly with ousness of their sina and threatened excom munication if they persevered in them. Soon after he learned that the riot was increasing, and that in order to give the rein to their passions, some denied the resurrection of the body and adopted as their maxim the worst precept of Epicurean atheism, " Let us eat and drink for to-morrow we d'e." Dissensions, ran, and schisms had taken place, and factions formed under party leaders. Under these cir cumstances lie determined only to preach that which was to the J«wa a stumbling block, and eeemedtotho Greeks foolishness. And most wondrou-ly wa it adapted to the re quirements of the ugp. The religions of heathendom had lost all influence over thinking men. They were told that tbe com mon people looked upon all religion as equally tra», yet had no real interest in any ; the philo sophers regarded them 11 as equally flse and ridiculed their worn-out deities , and those in authority, whilst despising the existing forms of worship, tolerated and patronised them as useful to the conduct of Government. Grant empires, and the centres of advanced civilisa tion bad one by one fallen a prey to iheir self- destroying vices. Home, indeed, was left, but in it the leaves had begun to work, the founda tions were being sapped and its greitness was doomed. Heathen systems had failed to elevate humanity, to satisfy the yearnings of immortal souls «nd to draw oat the tender sympathies of mankind. Philosophy, too, bad had a fair trial. Socrates, Plato, Aristotle— who stood out in bold relief from their con temporaries, and shnne as brilliant lights in the darknesfi of superstition and vice, bad set forth their theories. Tbey reasoned against vice and encouraged virtue, they grasped the grand and fundamental truths of tbe immortality of the sou! and a future state. Bat their philosophy did little to ren .VAte mankind, the few were at- tracted, the many could Fay with Ovid: Video mdiora prchogitct Dcteriora scguor. For all their tcnching, ' Earth wns wearing the ve»y semblance of belL" In this stare of thiogi St. Paul lifted up the cross of Christ as a panacea for human woes, a universal remedy for tbe diseases of mank>nd» a perfect substitute for an effete heathenism, and a lifeless philosophy. No elaborate By stem was propounded, no re stricting code of laws enjoined, but a p rsnnal Saviour was set forth. The first successes of this teaching were marvellous. The deep-rooted prejudices of the Jews were overcome, mul titudes surrendered their cherished idea of a Kingly deliverer, and submitted to the yoke of a despised Nazarene, an obscure carpenter wh' lived a life of hardship and died a malefactoi's death. Corrupted Samaritans laid aside settled animosities and acknowledged that salvation came of the Jews. Ephfeims, temple keepers of the great Diana were pre vailed upon to sacrifice their worldly interests, abandon their magical practices and burn their costly books. It Attracted tbe le-trnd Athenian, the liceutious Corinthian, tbe fickle Galati&n.; It found it- way into Caspar's household, and exerted a humanizing influence upon the bar- bnriau Gothe. Its adaptation to the wants of man was proved by its ready acceptance by pereons in every s'ate and condition — men of all nations, philosophi< s, religions, rich »nd poor, learned and ignorant, J-w and Grek, B-r- baiinn, Scythian, bond, and free, over all the ctops of Christ exercised its power. Aod so now. It won tr >phi»s f<om among the cold, sceptical, intellectual Hindoo, and the warm. iiupnUive African, it exerted equal ioflaence upon the polished European and tbe polluted cannibal. Believing that <( the precious bloud should never lose its power till all the runromej Church of God i were saved to sin no- more," he, the preacher, hid made Christ crucified tbe great foundation truth. Whether xpreered or nut. their urgent n ed was that of the Greeks, who c«me to Philip and said ' «Sir, we woald see Jesa«," and therefore to exhibit Him, to make Him real to them, had been h s one aim. Howi nperfectly, feebly, haltingly h" had done it, so one was m'-re conscious than himself, bat for this very reason he could ssy that their f.iirh did not etind in the wisdom of men, but in tbe power of G d. The fact of Christ's H'e «nd death, and the inferences to be deduced therefrom L td formed the staple of his Ministry. 1 Christ, the God-man, the sacrifice f»r Fin, the example of God y life ; Christ dying for their in, rising agaio for their justification ; in oar- n&t; light and incarnate love, the power of God aod the wt«d >m of God, the source of grace, the hope of glory ; Christ tbe infnllible teacher, th" mediating Priest, the loving broth i r, tbe sympathising fii-nd ; Christ the Alpha and Omega, the All in all. Christ crucified to arrest tbe einner to establish the wavering, to edify the saint. Christ in His gracious words, in His mighty work. Christ in life, in death, io glory. And cpon this foundation he trusted hn had built the " gold, silver, costly stones1" of sound Christian doctrine and practice. What would be the result of it all? Would the work abide or must he eoffer loss ? Would the build ing stand tbe test of fire? Surely the ten years' -work would not be swept away, and he left alone. No, they wonld be his hope, his joy, bis crown of rejoicing in the presence of the Lord Jesu Christ at His coming. As Cornelia said .-of her sons &o; wonld he say of his fl'tck, " They are my jewels." When he came tbey sang We bid thee welcome in the came Of Jesus, our exalted Head ! . Corneas a servant ; «o He came And we reoeive thee in His stead. Come as a messenger of peaoe, Filled with the Sprit, fired with love, .live to behold our large increase, And die to meet us all above. Should he ? Had they built upon Christ crucified? He left them, but Chiist remained. "Who then is Paul or who Apollos bat ministers by whom ye believed !" Very much kindness, veiy much encouragement had he received from them ; all strife had been stilled, and the Bishop's words at tbe iodnction serrioe were prophetic. Stubborn debts had melted aw-iy, and difficulties that looked hopeless had found eolatio ». For all.. that he humbly and hefriftyifcabked God, bnt he trusted tbey Vonld give him further cause for thankfulness and : l._ _.cu a. r £.2 a.. V_ juy uj ami uuugiug ku wie urueui-u vac, vj- being f.itkfal onto d r.a 1 h and receiving the Crown. Ia tke evening the Arehdeanon preached from iv Cur. xiii u, " Finally, brethren, farewell. Be perfec, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace, and tbe God of love and peace shall be with yon." Tbe laat worda of a parish priest to hl< people most always be of mingled joy aod sorrow. In proportion as a tie was close, so would be the pain caused by. its severance. Moitdstjtpite/ tender and oonfid enlist pas tbe r.-lhtroniftitp of pastor and people. Probably sooh a relationship wonld be his so more. Then he remembered tbe awful responsibility. Be . was a s'eward of tbe mysteries' of God, a Watchman watching as one who most give ac count for souls, an Ambassador from the King of Kings, charged with a message of vital Import/ to ereryopeA. it was.aqnfred in a stewart that a mut be found faithful, faithful to decline the' toffiofent tor there thimm? He had not dared to undertake them bad Be not known that jBwiat's gtaoe wis snffi- oeht for him, ftndtbtttttrength wis-teade per- -feet in weakness, it tfietiott of a ministry at wu too late to redeem a misspent poet, to make up for shortcoming, And to mske failure success. Atsocbatimeheramemberedbisfeulta, he was conscious of shortcomings, bat he thanked God that his work bed not been a failure. God had given him souls for his hue ; It bed been hii to point sinners under conviction to tbe Lmb of God, who toketh awiy the sin of the world ; hii to minister oonsolation to many a sorrowing heart ; his to encour age many i" .their xtririogs after .holiness J his to nmid up many on tovir most holy faith. Of coarae there had been dis appointments. Of some of them he waajridiged to say, "Ye did ion well, who hath hindered you? Baton the other hand there had been unexpected encouragement. And now, in God's provideooe, another pastor would be thrir guide, aud be very reluctantly addressed them as his flock for the last time. Naturally, parting counsels, earnest wishes, fervent prayers were uppermost In hi« mind. And again he adopted the words of St. Paul, " Finally, brethren, etc." Not always could St Paul tpeak in this strata ; their epistle give abundant evidence of that A minister could not always prophesy smooth things, could not say -"Peax; peace," when there was no peac-i. One 'thing he c»uld honestly say before God: He had never flattered a single individual to gain support for nimeeu or an aanerent to tne cbarcb ; be bad never trimmed to catch any favouring breeze. The truth, as he had known it,bad been taught; not every one had been pleased (bow was it possible ?), but no sin had been palliated to please influential members; be had faithfully warned, sometime been indignant, ever out spoken, perhaps to his temporal hurt. No straggling, tempted rani had ever been dis couraged, no peniteot one oondemoed, but against one thing he had waged (national war— against unreality, pretenc;, sham of every sort. No friend could be be of any man Who stole the livery off tbe Court of Heaven To serve the devil in. But that night tenderer thoughts filled hi souL With St. Paul, filially, or, as for the rest, brethren, this only bad he to say, 44 Fare well," literally 14 Rejoice," a usual termination of a Greek letter, and, therefore, in the fullest sense their English fare todL To them as indi viduals aod as a congregation he said, 44 All joy, all happiness, all prosperity be theirs !" His last wish was that & calm, restful joy might fill their coals as God filled the universe It was the legitimate outoome of -brae faith, the exercire of which caused the Ethiopian to go on his way rejoicing, and produced great joy in Samaria. It was one of tbe earliest fruits of the Spirit, for where tbe Spirit of the Lord was there was liberty, without which no true joy conld exist. It was one of the surest evidences of the indwelling Christ. 44 Yonr hearts shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you." 44 Your joy shall be foil." "Where Christ was there was always 6unshioe. Like the rising sun, dispaliing darkness, scattering mists, dis persing gloom, so was Christ in the heart, and in the Church. That this happiness might be t.hoTrn fcher mil of. ho nov-fo/vftx " thai- res. store themselves to completeness," 44 amend themselves," the Fame word was used of mend ing tbe nets — SL Mark, lchap. 19 v. Had :hey no rents to be repaired ? Loss of joy, absence of happiness was caused by snch unseemly im perfections. If tiiey allowed a little rife here and there — it would be as the little rift within tbe lute, that by and bye would make the music mute." There was a tendency to shirk self-examination, thus tt:e little rants in the spiritual garment . were unnoticed, and then after s while they were astounded at the proportions attained. The reason they knew so little of real happiness was tbe presence of so many defects— a cherished fin, a worldly tone, a vicious habit, an ugly temper, a violent nature, a mischief-making tongue, a censorious spirit. All these were tbe result of wont of foil surrender. They must be dominated br Christ. Let them amend themselves in that direcion, and give up the whole nature to Him. 44 Be comforted was another apostolic desire. Whitsuntide echoes remioded them of the Holy Ghost tbe Comforter. But they bad two Paracletes, for 44 Jesus Christ the righteous " could also be called to tbeir aid, to plead for, strengthen and console. He preyed that that heavenly comfort might be their. With tbe Psalmist he said, 44 The Lord hear ihee in the day of trouble, the name of the God of Jacob defend thee, send thee help from the sanctuary and strengthen thee out of -Zion." The Corinthian Church had been torn by faction ; the Apostle exhorted them to be of one mind. So he hoped that partisan ship, division, discoid would never mar the happiness of that congregation. As members of the same Body, they should settle all dis putes, forgive all offenoes, bury all pre judices, and be At peace. Christian peace was tbe condition of Christian prosperity. In time of war between nat'oae, every kind of work suffered, and came almost to a standstill, and if there was strife in a church there wonld be no progress, no going on to perfection, joy, completeness, comfort, unity, peace ! Let them aim at these, exerc se there and the God of love and peace would be with them. Let them re&lire; the blessedness .of it— tbe quiet heart, the united Church and the God of love and peace dwelling in them. Thus they parted (for he could not prolong the ser vice) overshadowed, indwelt by love and peace, and therefore though they parted tbey were still one in the lovo that never changed, and the peace that passed all understanding. 