aSTEE®X,ES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny.1' " Why didn't you clean your master's boots this morning, Hawkins?" "Thought I did, mum.-: I cleaned one pair. Was they yours?" Cool.. _ Cloudy; . . - ' BeneGb. Cyclorama. Servian revolt. • Coal difficulty. Accident at sea. Abortive bombs.. ^ "Continentals." "Dick's" benefit. ' * Roturida concetti ' ' I; ■ Electric lighting. ■ A»plucky woman; Bitten by a snake.' A sailor lost at sea. : ■ Anarchy in Europe. A pluqky.youngster. * A lively Legislature.' -. An-ironclad disabled. Frauds in New York. \ -France placates Russia. ;Conspiratora in Prague. - Incendiarism in Sydney. Embezzlement in Sydney. "The Squatter's Pardon." ■ ■ Rains in New Spu'th Wales. Prize-fighters fined in Perth. ' ; Italy;has a.deficit of £7,000,000. .Ciemepoy's rapipg c^re^r is over!-/, •: Attempted suicide-at Rose water; Sir .George Bibbs on Christianity. Watersporte' at GlOrielg to-morrow. - More 'scenes in the Sydney Assembly. A female herbalist fined in Melbourne. \- John -Keats died on' February 23, ,1821. South Australian sheep for Mielbourne. Four jockeys injured at the Eohuca.races. Cambridge footballers have beaten Oxford. Last Continental of the season to-morrow evening. The Gothenburg was wrecked on February 23,1875. " A free Continental for the little kiddies on Monday. , ' Only- two.more nights of "The Squatter's Pardon." ' - -->• " - ''High old -times' in the New South Wales Assembly.,. Parliament'was further prorogued yesterday until May; 1. • . - ; The New South Wales bear garden again causing trouble. ~ Swimming matches-at the, City Baths on Monday evening. "The Hon. J. Darling, M.L.C., was born on February-23,1831. .•/ -Italy is "going in for rigid economies and increased taxation. , , Napoleon's ghost will shortly; quit V the I scenes of his defeat. . \ The ghost of Napoleon will shortly disappear from the Cyclorama. A-.-brighb future. prophesied for the "West Australian goldfields. " Glehelg residents want the GraDge railway extended to Brighton. -I Brisbane.-workers object to alien labor being employed on mail steamers. Final beata of the swimming matches at the City Baths on Monday next. The-City Volunteer Band will give a concert at the Rotunda this evening. Cambridge .won the annual football match against Oxford by two goals; " ' His Honor Mr. Justice Boncautwill goon) the northern "circuit in April. -, Work has commenced at the Mount Re markable Village Settlement. : " A foul-mouthed blackguard " is what one Sydney" legislator calls another. The_ Frenoh Government are starting a Colonial Institute of their own. Tho Bentley-Webster concerts commence at the Town Hall on Mondav next. _The_Pprb_ Adelaide' Recreation. Ground wanted for working men's blocks. ,' '''Fireside J Stories" " at; the I Commercial Travellers' elubrooms this evening. -The transcontinental telegraph line has got a lazy fit on and is working slowly. A 1,000 "yards swimming championship at the City-Baths'on Monday evening. No labor candidate is_ to be run in the Northern" ancTN orbh- Eas tern' diitr icte7 "Dick" Whittington should have a bumper house at the Theatre Royal this evening. -'A trip to the South Sea Islands starts from the Exhibition Gardens to-morrow evening. Mr. W; Gilbert, M.P., chairman of- the Country party,..waB born on February 23, 1829. . West Australian speculators warned against introducing "wild. cats" on the London market.. ... _ Dick Whittington and his cat-alogue of interesting.items.nt the Theatre,Royal-this evening. - A woman Uymg near Cape. Otway being hy a tiger snake pluobily out her finger on with an'axe. "" " * - .-'A programme of dramatic, vocal, and ter] chorean numbers will be given at the Thes Royal this evening. «i programme has been arranged Dick Whittmgton's benefit at the The; Royal this evening. The United Labor Party will'support candi dates proposed by local' organisations in th< Northern.and North-Eastern diBtriots. Let dogs delight to bark and bite'/ Let torn cats scratch and dance • When Sydney legislators fight ' ; They're not a circumstance; A new inventor is in the field claiming 1 can cause deaf people to hear. -His inventic consists of the application of the prinoiple ( the phonograph by introducing into the ear vibratory-piece.of an intensity "sufficient 1 cause even deaf mutes, to. hear/.'-.. Fireflies are said to be used in Brazil decorate evening dresses. • The 'insects are e: closed in boxes made of muslin, which a sewn upon the dress and.when the wearer go on/the balconies or takes a turn in tbe'garae the little lamps shine in the darkness and a; very pretty. • Disagreeable truths Bhould not be spoken t( blUntly, especially when the doing so migl lessen the speaker's income. " Do you thir my daughter will ever become a musician asked a'fond mother of .the. professor. ." gantzay," answered the professor. "SI may. She dell me she gome of a long-live family." . Liverpool-Btreeb station will be the large railway terminus in the world when the giga tie works which, the Great Eastern Corneal are now carrying out are completed. The have' absorbed practically a whole parisl hundreds of houses have been removed, ai 130,000 oubio yards of. earth have had to. dug ouk' When complete the station w cover 15 aorea-ot ground. On February 23, 1885, John Lee, who h been convicted of the murder of MieaKeyi at Babbioombe, near Torquay, was brought c for'execution in Exeter Gaol. The rope w adjusted, the- burial "service read; and t signal/given, but the -drop would- nob -a This was .repeated .three times and-at the e of half .an .hour it was deoided to postpone t execution, . ;and /subsequently. Lee't sentes was commuted to penal serntude for life. 