THE EBB TIDE A TRIO AND QUARTETTE. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AND LLOYD OSBOURNE. Synopsis op PReceding Instalments. Three men find themselves in a companionship of beggary and vagrancy in the island of Tahiti, They are two Londoners, Robert Herrick, well born and educated, but with no capacity for making his way in life, and yet tormented with shame at his failure and decline, and a "bad hearted cockney clerk," Huish by name, but known indifferently ¿YTorapkins or Hay, and an American, Captain John Davis, alias Brown, fled to escape punishment for losing his ship, Sea Ranger, and six lives, by being drunk at a critical time. The three men are rescued from a misery all but mortal by Davis's getting command of the schooner Farallono, " out of 'Frisco for Sydney, In California champagne," which has lost her officers in and voyage by smallpox. Davis confides to Herrick that he intends to steal the ship and cargo by making some other port than Sydney, and selling both out; and it requires all his persuasion to bring Herrick, who, miserable as he is, still wants to be honest, to ship with him as mate. Huish is not admitted to the secret, the other two holding him in great contempt. Early in the voyage bad blood is stirred between him and the Captain and Herrick and the Captain have hinted to each other a fear of more serious trouble with Huish, Then Huish and the Captain fall under the spell of the cargo of champagne and give themselves up to drunkenness, leaving the burden of sailing the ship on Herrick. A storm comes out, and they narrowly escape repeat- ing the fatal history of the Sea Hanger. Herrick denounces the captain to his face, and refuses to lend a band further in the enterprise, but is mollified by a promise of the Captain's to keep sober through thorsroaindor of the voyage. Then they discover that the cargo of champagne which they had resolved to stone is mostly water, shipped, apparently, to defraud the insurance companies, and that the vessel itself is of little worth! and also that, through the drunken neglect by the captain, they have nearly exhausted their stores, and are threatened with starvation before they can make land, . PART II. THE QUARTETTE. CHAPTER VIII. Better Acquaintance. The boat was gone again, and already half- way to the Farallono, before Herrick turned and want unwillingly up the pier. From the town. of the beach the figurehead confronted him with what seemed irony, her helmeted head tossed back, her formidable arm apparently hurling something, whether shell or mistake, in the direction of the anchored schooner. She seemed a defiant deity from the island, coming forth to its threshold with a rush as of one about to fly, and perpetuated in that dashing attitude. Herrick looked up at her where she towered above him head and shoulders, with singular feelings of curiosity and romance, and suffered his mind to travel to and fro in her life history. So long she had been the blind conductress of a ship among the waves ; so long she had stood here idle in the violent sun that yet did not avail to blister her and was even this the end of so many adventures? he wondered, or was more behind? And he could have found it in his heart to regret that she was not a goddess, nor yet he a pagan, that he might have bowed down before her in that hour of difficulty. When he now went forward it was cool with the shadow of many well-grown palms, draughts of the dying breeze swung them together overhead, and on all sides, with a swiftness beyond dragonflies or swallows, the spots of sunshine flitted and hovered and returned. Under foot the sand was fairly solid and quite level", and Herrick's stops fell there noiseless as in new-fallen snow. It bore the marks of having been once weeded like a garden alley at home, but the pestilence had done its work, and the weeds were returning. The buildings of the settlement showed here and there through the stems of the colonnade, fresh painted, trim, and dandy, and all silent as the grave. Only here and there in the crypt there was a rustle and scurry, and some crowing of poultry, and from behind the house with the verandas be saw smoke arise and heard the crackling of a fire. The stone houses were nearest him upon his right. The first was locked in the second he could dimly perceive through a window a certain accumulation of pearlshell piled in the far end ; the third, which stood gaping open on the afternoon, gazed on the mind of Herrick with its multiplicity and disorder of romantic things. Therein were cables, windlasses, and blocks of every size and capacity ; cabin windows and ladders ; rusty take a companion hatch ; a binnacle with its brass mountings and its com- pass idly pointing in the confusion and dusk of that used to a foreign port. ropes Delohery,' harpoons, a Rubber-dipper of copper, green with years ; a steering wheel, a tool chest with the vessel's name upon the top, the Asia ; a whole curiosity BURGE of sea curios, gross and solid, heavy to lift, ill to break, bound with brass and shod with iron. Two wrecks at the least must have contributed to this random heap of lumber; and, as Herrick locked upon it, it seemed to him as if the two ships' companies were there on guard, and he heard the tread of feet and whisperings, and saw with the tail of his eye the commonplace ghosts of sailormen. This was not merely the work of an aroused imagination, but had something sensible to go upon ; sounds of a stealthy approach were no doubt audible and while he still stood staring at the lumber, the voice of his host Bounded suddenly, and with even more than the customary softness of enunciation, from behind. "Junk," H said. " only old junk 1 And does Mr. Hay find a parable ?" " I find at least a strong impression," replied Herrick, turning quickly, lest he might be able to catch on the face of the Speaker some commentary on the words. Attwater stood in the doorway, which he almost wholly filled, his hands stretched above his head and grasping the architrave. He smiled when their eyes met, but the expression was inscrutable. " Yes, a powerful impression. You are like me ; nothing so affecting as ships I" said he. " The ruins of an empire would leave me frigid when a bit of an old rail that an old shellback leaned on in the middle watch, would bring me up all standing. But come, let's see some more of the island. It's all sand and coral and palm trees ; but there's a kind of quaint ness in the place." -" I find it Heavenly," said Herrick, breathing deep, with head bared in the shadow. " Ah, that's because you're new from sea," said Attwater. "I dare say, too, you can appreciate what one calls it. It's a lovely name. It has a flavour, it has a colour, it has a ring and fall to it; it's like its author it's half Christian. Remember your first view of the island and how it's only woods and woods and water, and suppose you had asked somebody for the name and he had answered ' Nemorosa Zaoynthos," " Jam medio apparent facts I " exclaimed Herrick. " Ye gods, yes, how good !" " If it gets upon the chart the skippers will make nice work on it," said Attwater. " But, here, come and see the diving shod." He opened a door, and Herrick saw a large display of apparatus neatly ordered ; pumps and pipes and the leaded boots, and the huge shouted helmets shining in rows along the wall ; ten complete outfits. "The whole eastern half of my lagoon is shallow, you must understand," said Attwater ; 3 The sole right of publication in Queensland has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company Limited, I " so we were able to get in the dress to great advantage. It paid beyond belief, and was a queer sight when they were at it, and these marine monsters," tapping the nearest of the helmets, " kept appearing and reappearing in the midst of the lagoon. Fond of parables ?" he asked abruptly. " 0, yes !" said Herrick. _ " Well, I saw these machines come up dripping and go down, and come up dripping and go down again, and all the while the fellow inside as dry as toast I" said Attwater ; "and I thought we all wanted a dress to go into the world in, and come up scatheless. What do you think the name was ?" he inquired. " self-conceit," said Herrick. " Ah, but I mean seriously I" said Attwater. "Call it self-respect then!" corrected Her- rick with a laugh. I " And why not grace ? Why not God's grace, Hay ?" asked Attwater. " Why not the grace of your Maker and Redeemer, Ho who died for you, He who upholds you, He whom you daily crucify afresh ? There is nothing here," strik- ing on his bosom, "nothing there," smiting the wall, and nothing there," stamping, ' nothing but God's grace 1 We walk upon, we breathe if we live and die by it it makes the nails and axles of the universe, and a puppy in pyjamas prefers self-conceit!" The huge dark man stood over against Herrick by the line of the divers' helmets, and seemed to swell and glow, and the next moment the life had gone from him. "I beg your pardon," said he, " I see you don't believe in God." " Not in your sense, I fear," said Herrick. "I never argue with young atheists or habitual drunkards," said Attwater. "Let us go across the island to the outer beach. It was but a little way, the greatest width of that island scarce exceeding a furlong, and they walked gently. Herrick was like one in a dream. He had come there with a mind divided ; come prepared to study that ambiguous and sneering mask, drag out the essential man from underneath, and not accor dingly, decision being till then postponed. Iron cruelty, an iron insensibility to the suffering of others, the uncompromising pursuit of his own interests, cold culture, manners without humanity ; these he had looked for these he still thought he saw. But to find the whole machine thus glow with the reverberation of religious zeal, surprised him beyond words; and he laboured in vain, as he walked, to piece together into any kind of whole his odds and ends of knowledge-to adjust again, into any kind of focus with itself, This picture of the man beside him. "What brought you here to the South Seas ?" he asked presently. Many things," said Attwater. "Youth, curiosity, romance, the love of the sea, and, it will surprise you to hear, an interest in missions. That has a good deal declined, which will surprise you less. They go the wrong way to work ; they are too parochial, too much of the. old wife, and even the old apple wife. Clothes, clothes, are their idea; but clothes are not Christianity any more than they are the sun in heaven, or could take the place of it. They think a parsonage with roses, and church bells, and nice old women bobbing in the lanes are part and parcel of religion. But religion is a savage thing like the universe it illuminates ; savage, cold, and bare, but infinitely strong." "'And you found this island by antecedent?" said Herrick. "As you did I" said Attwater. "And since then I have had a business and a colony and a mission of my own. I was a man of the world before I was a Christian ; I'm a man of the world ' still, and I made my mission pay. No good ever came of coddling. A man has to stand up in God's sight and work up to his weight avoirdupois ; then I'll talk to him, but not before. I gave these beggars what they wanted ; a Judge in Israel, the bearer of the sword and scourge ; I was making a new people here and behold ! the angel of the Lord smote them and they were not !" With the very uttering of the words, which were accompanied by a gesture, they came forth out of the porch of the palm wood by the margin of the sea and full in front of the sun, which Vfns near setting. Before them the surf broke slowly. All around, with an air of im- perfect wooden things, inspired, with wicked activity, the crabs trundled and settled into holes. On the right, whither Attwater pointed and abruptly turned, was the cemetery of the island, a field of broken stones from the big- ness of a child's hand to that of his head, diversified by many mounds of the same material, and walled by a rude rectangular enclosure. Nothing grew there but a shrub or two with some white flowers ; nothing but the number of the mounds and their disquieting shape indicated the presence of the dead. " The rude forefathers of the hamlet lie I quoted Attwater, as he entered by the open gateway into that untimely close. " Coral to coral, pebbles to pebbles," he said, " this has been the main scene of my activity in the South Pacific. Some are good, and some bad, and the majority, of course and always, mill. Here was a fellow now that used to frisk like a dog ; if you had called him he came like an arrow from a bow ; if you had not, and he came unbidden, you should have seen the depreca- ting eye and the little intricate dancing stop. Well, his trouble is over now, he has lain down with kings and councillors; the rest of his acts, are they not written in the Book of the Chronicles? was from Penrhyn; Like all the Penrhyn islanders, he was ill to manage ; heady, jealous, violent. The man with the nose ! He lies hero quiet enough. And so they all lie "And darkness was the burier of the dead." (to be continued on saturday.) The weekly meeting of the Brisbane Debat- ing Society was held in Darragh's Buildings on Monday night last. There was a fair attendance. The Speaker (Mr. Chambers) was in the chair, The debate on the Address in reply was initiated by the member for Ipswich, and continued by the Colonial Treasurer, member for Cambooya, Minister for Railways, member for Southport, the Premier, member for Cook, Minister for Education, and member for Bundamba. On the whole the debate was favourable to the policy of the Government. During the debate the apathy of the Opposition in the matter of attendance was severely commented upon. It was incidentally mentioned that a new party was being formed, in the event of which the Opposition would in all probability be dis- placed. The Address was eventually carried on the voices. The Minister for Railways gave notice of motion,-" That in the opinion of this House it is desirable to extend to all females over the age of 21 years the electoral privileges at present enjoyed by males the House having previously adopted the principle of one man one vote. This motion, it was announced, would be the business for next meeting. Consternation has been produced among French housekeepers by a legal decision that the husband alone has the power to dismiss servants, and that a wife has no right to discharge her domestics during her husband's absence. 