POLITICAI.SKETCHER. THE ASCENt 6F THE POLITICIAN. [By LOUKGEB.1 I have just left the Philosopher of the Smoking-room in mild dudgeon. He haa turned his baok upon his pipe. " It is not the ancient but the up-to-date writers who steal our best thoughts. If you doubt it ask Mr. Wallace. I have for some time been ponder ing the problem of the politioian, and behold the argument has been antioipated in a book \- whioh will be road, as it deserves to be, by the most intelligent of world-wide consti tuents. Nevertheless, without apologies to | Professor Drummond, I pass on my rough outline for what it is worth." Well, to use the paper will not hurt the Pro fesBor, and not to use it will hurt the Philo sopher ; and I am sufEoient politician toohoose j the path of least resistance, and have deve loped human kindness enough to prefer inflict ing the lesser of two pains, for what the reader | may suffer will be vioarious. "The origin of the Politioian," he observes, "is an altogether new question. The long winded, irou-bowelled, addle-pated, eelf assBrtive, vituperative busybody who has brought that character into disrepute has so dazed respeotable humanity with hia brazen voiced demonstrations monotonouslyreiterated that he is—that there has been no opportunity muoh less ability left to enquire how lie beoame what he is. A lull having ooourred in politics, a period of 'rest and quiet' which was prophesied by those who were in office and were too week to remain there, and is enjoyed by those who were out of office and do not like to be reminded of how they got into it—there is breathing time to conoern odb's self not with the argument of the Politioian, for that hobbles on crutches of illusion and delusion, but with his history. Now; according to both the Velvet Glove and Iron Hand of the Incomparable Ministry of ail the Talents, history ie ob jeotionablo, and its ' Hansard' should be burnt. This fact exoites suspioion, increases I ouriosity, and promises reward for enqairy. We aro virtually told by these master minds that the Politiuian has a descent, that he has a struggle for existence, that he repre sents the survival of the fittest, that he is ashamed of his past, and that he bBB but little hops for the future. In the ssnse in which | these admissions are made they do not, how ever, state the wbole case. Id a limited degree tbey aro acourate enough. The Politi oian has desoended. Onco ho was an esteemed oitizen, not even requiring to bolster up his reputation with a J. P.-ship. Difficult as it is to realize the fact, he was onoe self- respeoting and comparatively innocent of guile. Tho struggle for existence took hiin into Parlia ment, and there in ways past finding out be continues that struggle. He represents the survival of the fittest for the kind of ordeal he undergoes. Though not to be considered superior to othors physio ally, intellectually, or morally, he is most fit to do | that work in politios which other men could or would nob touch. He is ashamed of his past, whioh further proves his dosoent. He has but little hope for thofuture. Ghosts of j ' Hansard'remind him of tho Hades of poli ticians — a fsmeless, oontempti bio, dumb | oblivion. "But this melancholy, morbid, oonsoience stricken view of the politiciai^is one-sided, untrue, and unjust. Ho is the product of evolution, which-fails not, never deviates, and ever aeceuds. It is somewhat difficult to fix the poorer relations of the politioian, whose bass and croBeendo sonorosities linger at midnight in our ears with the memories of the long-eared musical quadruped, but it is quite clear he did not ascend by that genealogical tree, for on one ocoasion the ass spoke, and his speeoh required no time limit, being indeed more etartliug for its wisdom than for its longitude. Tho supreme and sucoesBful effort in which the politi- : oian spoils ideas by repeating words suggests an origin in the feathery flock, wbioh is partially confirmed by a disposition in some instances to feather the nest and in others to fly above the heads of people. The Politioian is frequently the development of a preoooioua child, whose prophetio juvenile face has been interpreted as bearing the expression of one born to be a Prime Minister or a malefaotor. He may graduate through the art of dividing sheila while eating his client's oyster ; perfect ing his inveotive for private edifioation on the athletic field; by a mixed career of everything in general and nothing in particular; or in the guileful practioe of presoribing for the ills of humanity roso-wuter labelled as tonios for the millenium. It is perfeotly true that the aspeotof the politioian wbioh more abundantly offers itself to publio critioism is that of a lower order wherein selfishness dominates. He has to live, and is dependent upon his Parlia mentary salary. To retain that he must desoend to s paroohial atmosphere, devoting hia best energies to please the whimi of bis noisiest constituents for fear of provoking expensive and even disastrous opposition at the next eleotion. To seoure what is demanded of him he must compete with many in the House to whom it is also of vital moment to obtain one | of the few favours at the disposal of the State. The soramble for Ministerial ha'penoe would be ludiorous if it were not demoralizing. When, as the highest aot of statemanahip, the poor, helpleso, faithful, dumb Civil servant is pinioned while his purse is purloined to buy bait for politioal angling, we osn well under stand how hard it is for the publio to discern in Parliament aught but a tragio struggle for politioal exisenne. "There 1b, however, hope for the Politioian. Nature is marvellously merciful and kind. He is asoending slowly but gradually. No I credit is due to him. It is part of the law of ! progress under whioh he survives. In strain ing every nerve to preserve himself he oan not fail to serve the interests of others. This automatic altruism is giving way to a volun tary other-ism. The time has arrived when constituents perceive the neoessity for co operation on the part of politicians. In days gone by tbere was a bastard form called log rolling, and though It was devoid of morality it served a purpose in showing the advantages | of union. Now, however, it is being reoog nised that members having common aims muBt unite, and, sinking parochialism, work out together the salvation of the country. Party politics will give a higher development of Politioian—one in whom the straggle for existenoe ^rill be not extinguished but subordinated. His politioal continuity will be assured by loyalty to the prinoiples he has been charged to oonserve. He will not shrink from ssorifice, will deny himself long and frequent epeeohes, to promote the speedy passage of approved measures. Work in Com mittee will receive better attention, and, in brief, there will be fewer Aots passed but sounder legislation. " More than in party nolitios tho hope of politios lies in the intrusion of sex into Parlia- I ment. I am nob now alluding to tbe possi bility of women taking seats there, but to the quality of the mind, The women likely to be asked to be SBnb into the Legislature might possibly be classed as masouline. As has been indioated, the Politioian has hitherto been chiefly of the hungry, hunting, restless, and aggressive type, who traded upon tbe ideas of others, bringing forth precious little of his own. We want auother Bex—well-nourished minds, remarkable for quiet activity and tender nursing of their politioal faith. _ The pressing need ie to balance the bombastio and reoklese energy of the self-advertising and adventurous order with the eelf-eaorificing thought of conscientious problem-solvers. We have a few whose oonviotions are built upon laborious thinking, whoBe hearts are enlarged by the love for and oares of the State, and who are making valuable con tributions to the ditoussion of publio affairs. With a larger number of suoh ideal members of Parliament there could be no pressing need for women there, for the quiet thinkers repre sent the altruism of the higher sex. They are, indeed, liberal and progressive. Small now as a mustard seed, they give an assuranoe of great things iu the future. Tbey are not of tbe mushroom and ephemeral growth masked by a policy of eops all round. Neither do they praotioe a left-banded extravagance side by side with a right-handed niggardness. Rather is theirs a continuous grace of earnest, sustained, and unobtrusive effort in fruitful thinking and rightdoing regardless of oonee qnenoes. This is the method of the asoenb of the Politioian." 