WHO RODE VIXEN ? By D. Gajicia. 44 You're never surprised at anything, eb, lad? Well, I used to say the Bame until— But there, 6uppo9e I tell you the story. "It's nigh on twelve years ago that tbo event I'm going to relate to you occurred, but the re collection of it is as fresh in my min i as though it h »d oniy happened yesterday. "At that time I was acting as private trainer to iu ire Alton, and a better, kinder, ortriier-htjart'-d English gentleman I never wish tO 800. Tumg6 had gone very bad with us all that season, anl I knew that the squire, who wos a heavy better, must have dropped it to a tidy luue, but 1 bad no idea matters were as queer aa ttiey were. However, I was soon to find out. 44 I was 6ittPig in my snuggery oae evening musing gloomily eDOUgh over our past uou- succeea, and despondently wondciin if tho iuck ever would change, when a rap came at thedoor, and in response to my mechanically uttered 'Come in,' there cutsred tho squire ' himself. "To eay I was surprised ie but to give u faint idea of my astonishment, for 1 had thought him in London, two hundred miles away. He smiled as he walked across th;- room to greet me— such a wan, weary smile it was, too, the mere ghoat of his old-time jo. viality,' "'You didn't expect to see me, did you, Brown ?' he said, as we shook hands. 'But there, I know you did not. You won't he surprised, however, when I tell you my reason for coming. Just give me a brandy and soda, and I'll explain all about it' " He emptied the glass at a gulp. 4,4 Now, "lie said, as he put it down, 'let's get to business. In the first place, what Ghould you think Vistn could win the Larkshire Cup with " 1 Eleven Blone seven,' I answered promptly. "'Right,' he s.iid; 'and I thiuk so too. Well, here— and he drew a slip of paper from his pocket-book — 'are the weights, and she has only eleven stone to carry.' " 1 Why, squire," I cried, eagerly, ' it's a moral — that is, of coarse, if you ride your self. " 4 Oh, I shall ride her, never fear ; nod he added, grimly, 'I've too much at stake to be out of that.' ' For a few momenta he remained silent, gazing sadly into the fire ; then he epoke again. "'Brown,' he said, 'I daresay you're wondering what on earth I wanted to leave town for eiraply to bring these weights down, when you might have seen them for yourself iu a few hours' time. But that is not all. I have something else to tell you. As you know, I've been losing heavily all the season, and the defeat of Red Boy last week was a fair facer. Racing debts, though, I might have managed, but yesterday I received the news that a mine in which I held an enormous number of shares is practically worthless. To cut a long story short, the plain fact is that I'm on the verge of ruin, and but one chance is left me of extricating myself from my difficulties. The Larkshire Cup I must win, and Vixen is the mare that must do the trick.' "'She can, and shall,' I exclaimed, ex citedly. " ' \T ell, I hope so,1 be said, quietly — ' not so much for my own sake, as for hers ;' and I saw a tear steal Blowly down his cheeks. "I knew whom he meant. Two great trouble?, it had been the squire's fate to battle with during his lifetime. The first had come years and years before, when his twin brother, to whom he was passionately attached, had disappeared, and never since been seen or heard of. The second was the death of his wife, who, dying in child-birth, had be queathed trim as a heritage of love Alice, his golden-haired, blue-eyed daughter. It was of her he was thinking. Gambler he might be, and as a gambler he could meet the blow; hut that she— his darling, the core of his heart Ah, I understood how he felt just then. " Long through the night— far, indeed, into the early hoars of the morning— we eat in earnest conversation, discussing the plan of campaign, and when at length the squire took his leave, there was even a trace of the by gone light-heartedness in his 'Good-bye, Brown; we shall weather the storm yet.' ' " You can imagine mine was a pretty anxious time during the next month. Luckily, Vixen for once was inclined to have a long spell of good temper, and so progressed in her training all that could be desired. During the last week the squire came down to put her through her winding-up gallops, and her ladyship fairly delighted ns both. " 4 We shall do it, Brown,' said he, on the morning before the race, as we watched the stable-lad lead her away; 4 she'll win in a canter to- morrow. I shall run up to town this afternoon and have another monkey on. Might as well be hong for a sheep aa a lamb.' 44 It was a glorious day, and as I cantered towards the course, even the knowledge of what was at stake failed to etay my rising spirits. " I thought to have found the squire there, hut not seriog him, 1 strolled into the ring to hear how the betting was going. Vixen was second favorite, the leading posi tion on the lists bring held by Good Lad, a clever chaser, I knew, and the only animal I believed to. threaten danger, "The big event was set for three o'clock, and half up hour before that time I made my way towards the paddock for the purpose of putting the finishing touches upon the mare. 11 1 had still seen no signs of the squire, and oertainly felt somewhat uneasy, but no thought of any accident entered my mind. Scarcely had I entered, however, when I saw a tola- graph boy approachiog, and in another moment 1 had torn the message open and knew the truth. " Papa dangerously ill,' it said. ' Get another jockey. "That was all; but it was enough, I tell you, to completely stun me for the time being. 'Get another jockey! Where? La her bad fits Vixen was a she-dem. With the squire she seldom belied her name, but in the hands of a stranger she was a mad horse. Like one in a dream I walked over to where the lad was lead - her round, "It's all up, Dick,' I said, while the lump in my throat seemed to grow bigger and bigger; 4 the squire's ill— can't ride— and " I stopped suddenly, as I caught the ex pression on my listener's faoe. His eyes were starting from their sookets, and bis whole expression was one of frightened surprise. With an exclamation of impatience, I turned on my heel, and then I, too, stood rooted to the spot with astonishment, for there, fn front of me, looking like one just risen from the dead, was he whom but a few momenta before 1 had believed to be lying dangerously ill, perhaps dying, miles and miles away— the squire himself ! ' Squire Alton !' I gasped, " He made no reply. Colorless as a corpse, ihe awful pallor of his face shown up all the the more vividly by the bright blue of his raring- jacket— for be was fully equipped for-riding— he stood for more than a minute like a statue of stone. Suddenly a oonvulsive shudder agitated his limbs, and then, his countenance still wear ing the some expressionless stare, he strode j slowly past me towards Vixen, swung himself into the saddle, and cantered away to the starting post. "What did it mean? Here in my hand lay the telegram telling me of his illness, and yet, not three hundred yards away, I could Jee him, in the dear old Alton colon, sitting Vixen with t the easy grace I knew so well. Was X mad or dreaming? "I watched the field aa they dre# into line, saw the flag fall, and they were off. "A stiff bit of country was the Larkthire Cup conree— three miles and a half nearly Oi genuine hunting plough, ditch, wood and water. SomotbiuK in «d shot out from tbo rest as they lauded iu a line over tha first obstacle, and made tho ruuuiug in auvauce of the favorite ; King Tom, a slaahiug chestnut, - coming third, aud Vixen nest. 44 By the Btand. the first time, thfe order of the leading quartet was unchanged, but the rest of the field had dropped back, and were evidently already out of it. Half way through th© plough, the second time, the leader came back to bfa horses clean pumped out, Good Lad now going on firat, with Ring Tom next, aud Yixh. snaking along third, a couple of lengths behind. "The next jump, a double post and rails, proved fatal to tho chance of Kiug Tom, he over-jumping and comsug a fearful cropper. There were now but a few email fences between that and the water, and my heart gave a throb of hope as I saw the beautiful long, low action of Vixen take hor stealing up to the quarters of the favorite. " Fifty yards from the crucial test they wcio neck and neck. I saw tho squire sit down to ride ; I saw the brilliantiy-tinted jackets riac in the air; there was a wild yell from a multitud® of throats, and as Vixen caioe cantering op the straight alone, I knew it wae all over— Good Lid was down, and the cup was all our own ! " WiA a cry cf delight I turned towards the weighing-room. I had some tittle distance to go, and us I reached the entrance I met the squire corning out. 44 4 So it has come off!' I cried. I knew it would,' . " Ho never epoke. With tho some rigid 1 expression upon his face as it had worn before the raoe, his eyes staring into vacancy, he brushed past me, and in auotber moment had mingled with the crowd and disappeared- " It waa beyond my co rehetision, and until the myetery was unravelled I could not rest. By the next train I went up to town, and pro ceeded to the equire's residence, I asked for his daughter. She came, a look of intense anxiety upon herleatures. " 4 Well,' eliueaid, 'how is it? Have you won ?' "Won!' I repeated, with surprise. 4>>hy, haven't you heard ? Of course we have. Vixen came home alone, and the Bauire never rode a finer race in his life.1 " ' The squire !' ehecriea. astonished in her turn. " 4 Yes, 'I said; 'but I couldn't make him out. He never spoke a word to me all the time he was on the course.' " 4 The squire !' she again repeated. Impos sible ! Why, papa is Ijiog id at this very moment in his room. Ha has never left hie bed since early this nvraiufs !' "But I tell you' I commenced, and then suddenly stopped, while for the second lime that day I almost doubted my own sanity, for the door had been noiselessly opened, and there, just inside the room, stood Squire Alton looking his old-time self indeed, the ruddy bronze of vigorous health on hia cheeks, and his eyes as keenly bright as of yore. "For a few momeats he stood, evidently enjoying our astonishment : then his voice broke the spell : ' "Do not be afraid,' he said; and now I noticed that the ring of his tones differed from my old master's. 1 1 am no ghost, yet neither am I Squire Alton. But eit down, young lady, and you, sir, and I'll explain the mystery fully. "Mechanically we obeyed, and he followed suit. " 4 And now, be said, addressing Hiss Alton, 'did you never hear of your father's twin brother — your Uncle George ? " 4 Why, yes,' said Miss Alton, 1 many times. But surely you are not— 44 4 He. Indeed, but I am. Listen. Eighteen years ago I left home- why, it matters not-- bht from that day to last week not a single soul around the whole place has known my where abouts, or if I were alive or dead. . I had never thought to set foot on England's shores again, but somehow the tramp fever burned itself oat in the end ; a longing for the old scenes took its piece, and a month ego I landed at ' home, sweet home,' once more. 44 4 1 bad first intended to see the squire, my brother immediately, but a few chance words I heard dropped at my club caused ma to change my mind. 'The words I refer to gave me a faint idea of my brother's position, and by dint of judicious inquiries I was soon in posses ion of the facto of the caee. I knew that un less Vixen won, the squire waa rained beyond all redemption. ' . 44 'Poor papa!' murmured his daughter. 44 4 "Well, I had, unknown to my brother, watched b'm on several occasions, and I saw that his nerves were being gradually wrought into such a state of tension that they might snap at aoy moment, and a - serious 2 Incus result Anticipating, therefore, some such tbjpg tins occurred, I made my arrangements accordingly. To secure my qualification ns a gentleman rider was easy enough. Years in tbe saddl out West has made me a horseman . with few equals. I knew every inch of the LaxkBhire Gup course from experienced gained as a boy. The main difficulty waa Vixen. If she cut up rough it was all over. However, to some extent I emoothed away that trouble. Old Joe Biggs, your stud groom, has been in the Alton service since when a lad. To turn I went, revealed, my identity, and stated my pia« He fell in with it at once, and through his instrumentality I had a few half-hours' in the mare's company, that put us on the best of terms with each other. So, when this morning the blow fell which I had feared all along, I had everything in train for operations. The rest you know. I rode Vixen, and I don't Twind saying that a more comfortable ride I - never tmA in my life. . Mine was a wild act, but it came off. 41 'But your awful whiteness?' I cried, still doubting. "He laughed. 4 Oh, I didn't " storm barns"' for a couple of years with a dramatic company without learning how to " make up." So now you know the whole story, and all there is to. do ia to tell the -squire of Vixen's victory— it . will do more good than physic, I'll be bound — and than, immediately he's wall enough, we'll all go down to the old plaoe to- . gathers. ."And this waa done. TIib load of .anxiety: on oe removed from his """A, Squire Alton ; steadily improved— joy at bring re-united to . his brother materially) helping turn on to re covery— and in a few weskB' time he was about again, as well and hearty as ever. 44 Now, what I wish to say ie this: If tott am never surprised at anything, I'm not ashamed to confess thats more astonished men never breathed than 'yours truly Hie day he- solved the mystery as to 4 Who rode Vixen ? " — 44 Weekly Budget,1' 