ST. JAMES' CHURCH.— FIFTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY. The fifty-fifth anniversary of St. James' Church, Melbourne, was celebrated yesterday, when the services were conducted by Dr. Vance (the Dean-elect) and the Rev. H. B. Macartney. Dr. Vance, who preached in the morning, said they had reason to be thankful that there were amongst the earliest colonists, years before gold was ever discovered, men who had at heart the spiritual well-being in the land to which they had come. Those men, who had been trained in the simple faiths and pieties of their Mother Church, had brought with ? them the old delight in the sound of the church bells, and a desire for themselves and their children for the comfort arid assistance of the Word preached and the sacrament duly administered. It was on November 9th, 1839, that the foundation-stone of this the first Epis copalian church in Australia Felix was laid ; and this was a precious fragment of colonial history which he would like to see in a prominent place in the text-books out of which the children were taught. That building had seen whatever history Melbourne had known. When, eight years later, Bishop Perry came to preach, the Church of St. James was named in the letters patent as the cathedral Of his diocese; and at once that church became the source and centre of the, spiritual activity of this most energetic and devoted servant of God, to whom Victorian Churchmen owed so much. Here, for years afterwards, the Bishop laid his hand in ordination on those who were to be pastors of the flock. Fifty of the clergy, whose names still appeared on the list, received their consecration to the' ministry in that building, together with even a larger number whose names had ceased to appear. Later on came the late Dean of Melbourne, who, among, three successive generations of- Victorian colonists, bore witness to the truth of the Gospel, and who well deserved the, ,,d|scrip- tion given of him by the Bishop of Ballarat: — 'Aman-of rock-like firmness and lion-like courage, with the fiery energy of a Peter and the loving spirit of a John.' Those were days of full congregations. Where were those congregations now, or rather, where were the children of the men and women who composed those congregations ? They were scattered throughout the suburbs, many of them earnest servants of the Church, assisting in doing good work, and doing it all the better for the teaching received at that church. The cathedral , had been removed from that sanctuary to the larger and statelier edifice which occupied the site of the old Church of St. Paul ; but, though no longer the cathedral of the diocese, it would always be a cathedral church. They could not transfer the hallowed memories, or tender associations, or the influence of the words and lives of the past which were bound up with the history of the church. Would it be too much to hope that the old colonists, to whom it was so long the only church, as it was still the mother church of the colony, would help once more to swell the numbers of the congregations, so that they might be counted not by tens but by hundreds, as in the old times ? In the evening the Rev. H. B. Macartney, in the course of his sermon, referred in feeling terms to the death of his father, the late Dean of Melbourne, and urged on the congregation the thankfulness they ought to feel that they had been born in these later times of general education, and in a country with a religion which, in its absolute purity, stood alone, a God-given thing.— Argus. The following extracts are interesting as bearing upon the anniversary:— f Port Phillip Patriot, November 11th, 1839. 'On Saturday, last, the 9th inst., in the presence of a highly respectable assembly, the foundation-stone of the first Episcopalian Church in Australia Felix was laid by His Honour Charles Joseph La Trobe, Esq., the superintendent of the district of Port Phillip. The order of the ceremony was as follows:— After singing, in the usual place of worship, the lflOth Psalm, the Rev. J. C. Grylls, the chaplain, read two collects taken from the Communion Service, and also as a lesson suited to the occasion, the first chapter of the Prophecy of Haggai. The congregation then proceeded to the adjoining ground, where His Honour read the dedicatory inscription (a copy. of which, written on parchment, was enclosed in a bottle and deposited in a cavity of the stone) ; then, as usual on such occasions, taking a mallet and striking the stone three times, said, 'To the glory of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I lay t this stone.' A suitable prayer was then read by the chaplain, and the ceremony concluded with the Doxology and Benediction.' The Herald of November 18th, 1889; referring to the event, said: — 'The story is worth retelling. The day was the 9th November, 1839. The place, the cottage-dotted hill of infant Melbourne, half-way between the marge of the river and the quiet resting-place of the dead. The occasion, the laying the foundation-stone of the first Church of England edifice. It was Saturday afternoon. ' An old ship's bell, suspended from a most defamatory -looking, gallows-like structure,' summoned, the inhabitants to a 'plain, homely building of unshaven lumber and shingled roof,' the first church building used in common by the Protestants. They came along rutty roads and grassy paths — the recognised leaders of society, the sun-tanned men, women, and children, the soldiers in their brilliant uniforms, and some dusky denizens of the forest clad in their nondescript garments. The woe begone building was crowded, and groups of settlers were under the shade of the drooping sheoaks on the park-like slope. Inside the building the eight cedar pews were occupied by the gentry, and the cedar pulpit by the Rev. C. J. Grylls, a man of Zaccheus-like stature, who conducted a short service, and then 'led Mr. La Trobe to the site hard by, where he was to lay the foundation-stone of St. James' Church.' It was the new superintendent's first public service to pro nounce the stone well and truly laid. His address was characterised by ' deep religious feeling.' ' Bishop Goe preached the Jubilee Sermon, November 17th, from Ps. xlviii. 9. 