AN INTIMATION FROM THE UNSEEN WORLD. Lord Brougham in his life and times, written by himself, gives the following story:— A most remarkable thing hap pened to me—-so remarkable that I must tell the story from the be ginning. After I left the High School (in Edinburgh) I went with G . my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the Univer sity. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects, among others on the immortality of the soul and on a future state. This question and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to the living, were sub jects of much speculation, and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubt we had enter tained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the college, G went to India, having got an appointment there in the Civil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him. Moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them or of him through them, so that all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly for gotten his existence. I had taken a warm bath, and while in it and ' enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had under gone, I moved my head round to wards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was! about to get out of the bath. On ! the chair sat G , looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or what ever it was, that had taken the likeness of G , had disappeared. The vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it, even to Stuart; but the impression made upon ine was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history with the date December 19 and all the particulars as they are now fresh to me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt. For years I had no com munication with G ; nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with G— or any member of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G must have died, and that this ap pearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future estate. This incident happened on De cember 19, 1799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a postscript:—' I have just been copy ing out from my journal the ac count of the strange di'earn, 'cer tissiraa mortis imago,' and now to finish the story begun about sixty years since. Soon after ray return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G 's death, and stating that he had died on the 19th December.' 