AMUSEMENTS. There was another large attendance at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening, when the Liliputian Opera Company gave their second performance of the pantomime "Aladdin. The audience was an appreciative one, ana the efforts of the youngsters met with fre quent and hearty applause, while the scenery and cos turn 98 were greatly admired. "Aladdin" will be repeated to-night and throughout the week, a matinee performance being announced for Friday. A {airly good bouse greeted Mr. J- F. O'Neill's Comedy Company at the Bijou Theatre on Wednesday evening, when the double bill, "Ici on Parle Francais" and "The Happy Man." was again repeated to the evident satisfaction of the audience. The eame programme will be repeated this evening, and should draw another Rood house. Messrs. Norman & McLean's Dramatic Company will open for a short eeaeon at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening next, the initial production being a four-act drama written by Mies Blanche Lewis and en titled "Cinders.'' Mr. Albert Norman, who is well known to Adelaide playgoers from his long association with Mr. Bland Holt's Drainatio Company, will appear as Diok Red mond, and Miss Lewis as Miry Redmond, the remainder of the company, with the exception of Miss Alioe May, Being new to Adelaide. The drama will be well mounted, the soenery having been specially painted for this produc tion by Mr. Alfred Clint, while, as popular prices of admission will be charged all over the house, good attendances should prove the rule during the season. What has proved to be one of the most buo oessful novelties in Adelaide was produced again at the Cyclorama last night to an en thusiastic* and appreciative audience. The Enchanted Fountain is ? startling prod notion, and from the first jet of water slowly climbing to a height beyond the vision of the spectator to the very last of the many wonderfully worked combinations, with their brilliant limelight effects, all were watched with ad miration. The musical accompaniments also lend a charm to this unique production. There are also the great scene of Waterloo and the explanatory lectures and the beautiful illusion of "Napoleon's Ghost" 