TRUTH'S OPEN LETTERS TO CANDIDATES, (DY '? YOUNG AUSTBiLUK.') No. 1-To Mr. William M'Millan, Candidate for Burwooi. My dear Mr. McMillan, The horn is drawing nigh when it will bs necessaty for you to wrench, from some con fiding electorate, a renewed lease of political life. In an age when assurance passes for ability, and cant is not a bad counterfeit of sincerity, there is a bare possibility that you will be able to calm jourself off on some feather-brained constituency wbich lacks the capacity or the courage to discriminate be tween a Patriot and a political Pecksniff, it may be that with such a crowd you will pass master. All things, we know, are possible in politics I My object in writing to you is to ask you to digest this pen-and- ink photograph of yourself, and, unless you think it is greatly overdrawn, to make it the basis of a eelf cxamination in the silent watches of the night, when, as you know, our reflections and mental reminiscences are not inflated with cither too much comfort or too much content' ment. Whenever the ghosts o£ youi public misdeeds begin to haunt you, you might start the mental analysis by asking yourself what Satanic folly urges you to dabble in the affairs of a Nation whose aspirations yon inwardly abominate, and whose ambitions have not the faintest e.'ho in your sordid breast I For al' practical purposes, you are ns much an alien in Australia as if you had been begotten in Belgium, whose workmen you prefer to the industrial poor of this con tinent ; or had been brought into being in that Mongolian land whose subjects you weep to see poll- taxed. That you were once hailed as a possible Premier by some of our native- born, is a proof that you are not entirely destitute of ability— even i£ it be only the ability to deceive. Jt shows also that you are an excessively crafty politician, because, in spite of vour faintly-disguised antagonism to Australian advancement, you are able to fascinate the superficial and satisfy the unthinking. Indeed, the past triumphs of your plausible pretensions, aver Australian mind and matter, have, probably, no small share in urging you to a fresh ven ture at the polls. It ought, on the con trary, to deter you. Vour craft and plausi bility—coupled with aa external sleekness that suggests a sanctity you neither in wardly cultivate nor possess — stamp you as a highly dangerous nan, whom it is a treason to our conntry to encourage in your fatal ac quisition of political power. In your endeavours, hitherto, you have aleo been favoured by the immaculate repu tation which tha world ascribes to your private character. To give the devil his due, such reputation is not undeserved. You are, as far as the world knows, a clean-living man. Yon attend to your religious duties with a formal regularity which is neither covert nor offensive. Yon are honest, as honesty rune ''among merchants :' and your word is deservedly held in esteem by your commer cial contemporaries. At sometime or other between the present hour and the day when, you vrill be on your death-bed — palpitating in conjecture of the character of yeur 'judgment to come,'— you will doubtless realise that something more is required of the perfect man than the negative virtues of abstaining from theft to which there is no temptation, and refraining from falsehoods for which there is no pressing necessity. As a political foe, I therefore re luctantly give yoa a clean bill of health in respect of your private character, and acknowledge that, as men go, you are just sufficiently immaculate to be all the mure disabolically dangerous in the counsels of out native land. I use the term 'reluctantly' of set pnrpose and design. I would you were a convicted thief or an acknowledged liar, because that would make you sufficient of a leper to warrant the most thoughtless in ejaculating ?? Unclean, Un clean,' whenever you open your oily jaws to beguile the multitude. Aa it is, you are a thousand times more dangerous to the tutare weal and welfare of this rising colony than any convicted thief oi certificated liar. Your unimpeachable nprightnees in the com mercial world stamps your politics with the hall-mark of a sincerity that is utterly foreign to their nature or intent. Yon will probably marvel that, whilst eulogising your private virtues, I shonld br&nd; you as so eminently unworthy of public confidence. Unfortunately, the im peachment cannot well be parried. Circum stances and class-environments have made you the victim of your own acquired ideas, into which your manlier instincts have insen sibly merged. Circumstances have educated your conscience into a belief that you mean well, and that your despotic disposition to wards the people 1b lajidable in its benevo lence. The hypocrisies of Church and State, in which you have been coddled and swad dled, have made you an unconscious political impostor; your observance of the studied seduction of delicate Justice by brutal Law has developed in you a disregard for the sanctity of human life when the cause of what you call ' Law and Order ' demand it'; and the wanton and warped morale of civilised Commerce has deadened your finer aspirations, poisoned your mind's equity at the fount, and made you a type of that paradox which Politics frequently presents in all ages— a Moral Monster, whose virtues in private life are the putative parents of such political vices as lie em bedded in Capitalistic idolatry and ultra pernicious IXgh Toryism. You will admit that your environments, and the class-sympathies soldered into your very soul, amount to an obrious political handicap ; and I, on my part, admit that you merit not a little pity in relief of the scorn, and in variation of the detestation, with, which the class-supremacy to which you arc espoused is everywhere received among the working-classes, and among Australians generally. At the same time, you arc, on this very account, a fool to persevere with, your hunger and thirst after public exalta tion. Who are you, people ask, that you should aspire to be one of the rulers of this nascent nation 1 What is your record — in Parliament or out— that the electors should hand you the reini.af political power, and hail yoni political biutJ.Ui.leB with, acclama tion? As regards the first- question, am I not correct iu replying to tho effect that you are a veritable Nobody, without a drop of Aus tralian blood in your veto!, oi « grain ot A.uitr»lls.n ;.patrlotlim_ in.- tha . cold, nniL lignifiei icicle which, with; you, does duty for a Heart 7 Stripped of the mask with which Bmug respectability Buppliesyou, yon are little better than a cold-blooded political coxcomb, adventittouBly aided to affluence under the corrupting cegis of a Foreign Trade policy, which— in older nations— has been maintained and re tained by a generation of political and personal bribery. That fiscal fraud is a thing, of the past, thanks to Australian patriotism; and the creatures it begot and the human emanations it pioduced float listlessly on the surface of public affairs in a etate of suspended animation that is dan gerously akia to actual death. You, un fortunately, are the hardest to kill, for— as a high-toned and astute politician of a semi sanctified school— you ars as cunning as a fex, as sleek as a pampered panther, and as ferocious as a hyeaa ; and a city, honey combed with, the aggressive factors of an aggressive Commerce, is to you what his native lair is to an untamed tiger who has fattened on human flesh and bones from hiB first advent into the animal world I As to your political record, it is a curious combination of the attainments of a cypher and a marplot. With the exception of a few formal Loan Bills, your name is not engraved on the Statute Book in the pilotage of a soli tary reform 1 Nor have you ever attempted anything worthy the pretended potentialities of your constructive genius. Yon once pro posed aa annual audit of the books at the Treasury and the reversion to the Consali dated Revenue of all sums remaining unex pended on the last day of each year— a proposal which would have blocked all public works in the zenith of incompleteness to await the capricious advent of Parliamentary He- votes— a suggestion so idiotic that it and you were promptly laughed out of court. As regards the general character of your public policy, it has beta \inifora and consis tent. Since your advent to the Assembly in 'February, 1887, you have never deviated by a hairs-breadth from the rigid line yon then chalkeil ont for yourself. Yon have been a monnment of superlative fidelity in your uniform representation of 1st, Capital and William MeJIillan ; 2nd, Capital and McArthur and Co. ; and 3rd, Capital and tho Chamber of Commerce. Outside the iron-giit orbit of such repre sentation, you have not been any better than the average Labor member inyour redemption of your hustings' pledges. In 1887 you pro mised your East Sydney constituents a free breakfast table. Where is it? You have been enjoying power and draining potential pay for supposed Ministerial «ervices for a portion of these seven yeare. What caused you to falter in the fulfilment of your de liberate pledge 7 Not inability, surely ? In sincerity 1 Without a doubt I You meant nothing by such a cry, bat it sounded well, and it tickled the ears of the groundlings. Since then, many of your constituents have experienced the need, not so much of a free breakfast table as of a free break fast. In your sweet a«d solesm charity, and out of your full Exchequer— partly sub scribed by the victimised taxpayera to re munerate your pompons presidency over the public £in7 .ces — how many poor have you relieved, add how mamy of your deluded con stituents have you regaled with a meal ? Of thoie who needed it, ib there a solitary one that can come forward and be sponsor for yonr«charitable heart .' Can you produce one jiving witncis to attest that there is a ray of polid sympathy behind the coffer of adamant in which your heart is popularly supposed to be encased ? If you can, I would rejoice to eaze upon such an ' octo-miracuUH.' At present I am inclined to believe such a witnew to be more fabulouB than the Chinese dragon ? more mythical than the Bunyip. On the other har,d, I impeach you for one well-attested act of ingratitude, which gives a key to your character generally. You remem ber the friend who gave you one of yonr earliest introductions to McArthur and Co. He was worth a quarter of a million ? you were worth comparatively nothing. In the f ulneBB of time he failed, and you became a Cabinet Minister — First Lord of the Trea Bury. Your old friend's son waited on you to ask your patronage in furtherance of , his quest after a very humble situation. Forget ful of the days when you used to greet him with a lowly bow (when you were only a drudge in the Department, and obsequiously civil to the whole household above you) yoa imperiously waved him to % seat, treated him to a frigid recognition and a stony stare, and (ceremoniously taking out your gold chronometer) you announced that yon would grant him two minutes! Poor fellow 1 His pride (they tell me) waB stronger than his poverty, and the request he came to make was strangled by his indignation. An o'er-truc incident like this speaks louder than all your prepared orations on political subjects! It warns the Civil Bervauts ia your prospective constituency of the recep tion you will giva them should they ever need you to requite the laborious efforts some of the tuft-hunting imbecilcB are making in your behalf. It proves to them— or should prove — that you are an incorrigible ingrate, whose acts are in antithesis to your vapoury sympathy with mankind generally. But to reBiime my reference to your public record, I find that in June, I8S8, you cxpiesscd yourself willing to 6upport a tax on land 'for general purposes,' and you then specifically stated that such 'should be imposed whether we had a Local Govern ment Bill or not.' 'A halfpenny in the £,' you proceeded to explain, ' was the smallest amount the Government could pro pose in the initiation of this tax.' This was before you accepted Office. When you ac cepted it, your zeal for a Land Tax vanished like smoke. Probably you forgot what you said in June, I8SS. Probably you intended at the time to remember to forget it I Again, in July of the same year, when Mr. Bnrns brought in th8 Property Tax Bill, although that measure was the consequan tial complement of the proposal to tax land (which you had already endorsed) you seized the earliest opportunity to cavil at it. Tax Ing property meant taxing warehousemen, merchants, importers, and private Com panies. Kay more, it meant taxing McArthur and Co. — an atrocity that could but appeal to your patriotic disinterestedness. You humbugged tho people into believing that you would tax land values, but yon drew the line at the taxation of ' propputy.' You next figure prominently in the cele brated Hornsby Scandal, not as a participant, I admit, but as showing a fervent desire to gloss over the worst i eafcnres of the corrup tion connected with that Tammany Bing exploit. Yen will remember that you. took the unusual course of objecting to the print ing of the evidence in order to drag in a motion for the return of the damning Report for further reference to the Committee. Yon tided also— perhaps unwittingly— to befog -Parliament and..tb.e public in respect to those remarkable resumptions ot land— an old wharf at Circular Qnay, and the resump tion of Darling Island. These resumption shed a halo of glory on all the members of the Parkes Ad ministration, and so successful were yon in beclouding all the details of these historical transactions that to this day no one knows who pocketed the difference be tween their 'real' and 'resumptive' values. ? When Colonial Treasurer, you blocked, as often as you dared, the introduction and dis cuBBion of the Bill authorising payment of members. You had at' other times pro claimed yourself a Radical, yet this most radical of measures incurred your moBt vehement opposition. Still, though you Bpoke and voted against this great demo cratic principle, you were always exceedingly punctual in drawing yonr honorarium ; you even drew the coin while taking a holiday in England. Absent from us tho' you were in the body, you were with us in the spirit on pay-days : 11 Though lost to sight, to mem'ry dear,' And, indeed, many of your East Sydney electors thought you w£re. ' precions dear ' at £6 per week for travelling round Great Britain. They evidentlydid not know how to appraise your worth. If they diagnosed you aright,, they would know that it would pay this conntry better to pay you well to keep out of Parliament. When you were Colonial Treasurer and Minister for Railways in Juna '89, you found ont that iron rails were actually being re- rolled at Litbgow, and that in consequence the profits of the im porting industry were seriously diminished You knocked that industry on tb.e head. Yoa 'compensated' the contractors at Bskbank by giving them a sum of £7600, and you re-started the importation of Knglish and Belgian rails. Should you have the chance, you would, doubtless, do the same again, because, aB I have already pointed out, you are consistent in yGur appreciation of Self and Capital— Capital and Self. In your case the terms are interchangeable and synonomous. 1 come now to the period of the Great Strike, in connection with which you have j ustly earned an infamous im mortality. Scions of Labor, yet unborn, will curse the memory of the Butcher-Statesman who was unduly eager, in defence of Law and Order, to lave his lily-white hands in Labor's blood I Even now the sturdy toiler who crates do other favor than the right to earn »n honest ciUBt, spitB at the bare mention of yeur political brutality. Yoked in subjuga tion to a crusty Tory like1 Paries, you took advantage of his invalided incapacity to perpetrat* a political crime that even that colossal charlatan arose from his sick bed to repudiate and resent. You, a servant of the people, used your adventitious authority to launch their soldiery against the bare bosoms of that defenceless, unarmed section on whose toils you and your commercial con federates grow rich, tleek, and saucy I Think you anything can ever efface the popular abhorrence of the merciless political savagery to which your Cabinet descended. Can any Australian, anxious lor his country's progress, and jealous of onr national honor, absolve yos from the pains and penalties which, for this one stupendous exhibition of nefarious and unrighteous despotism, must ever haunt you throughout the rest of yonr mortal career;' God— we are taught— Is cxtrtvagant in mercy, but mankind (other than the sleek section whom your actions placated) cannot reasonably be expected to condone the accursed treason displayed by your Cabinet at that memorable and critical juncture. Yonr superlative eagerness to help to «rm the ' Specials ' — to despatch Gatiings to Newcastle— to approve and accentuate the 'Shoot-'cm' policy of your cynical col legiate colleague — to land the marines from tha men-o'-war io the harbor so as to further overawe people advocating a constitutional right— to wheedle a hysterical magistrate into reading the lliot Act so as to permit the orderly assemblage of sober men and helpless women and childrenat Circular Quay to be charged by a number of reckless, half-tipsy amateur dragoons— all these facU vividly recall Shakespeare's lines in depiction of dangerous despots like you — carnivorous cox combs, who, in a self-approved cause, deem ' a deadly bloodshed but a jeBt ' ? Man, proud man, dressed in a little brief uutkority, Most ignoruBt of what ho is most assured. His glassy eoenco playn uiich Jiintestic tricJru Before high Heaven aa uuiEe tbe angels weep ! The official tricks of your Cabinet were even more Satanic. Unchecked, they would have made living men and women weep — widows mourning for their slaughtered husbands, mothers moaning the official assassination of their industrious const Tell me then, as a reasoning being, do you dream of any possible pardon for compli city :u oilenceB such us tuese ? Or do you not rather acknowledge, in the inmost recesses of your shrinking soul, that God and Man are alike pledged — by the respective attributes of Divinity and the common in stincts of Humanity — to resent ' The oppressor's wrong, tho proud man's con tumely. ' You have in your time, it is true, made many oracular orations, but it is needless to remind you that prepared speeches neither feed the hungry nor clothe the naked, nor afford employment to tha workless. Your best speech (which you evidently wrote out and committed to memory before delivering it) was when you were Presidoat of the Cham ber of Commerce, and denounced the Land Bill of 1861 as having a tendency to rack rent the squatters. Afterwards yon joined the Parkcs Government, which rack-rented them very much more. Your recent slanders on Parliament are too fresh to need recapitulation. Soft and feline as you are in your general movements, you can spit and scratch when it suits you. One can but admire tbe neat manner in which you escape the consequences by assuring the object of yonr attack that he waB the last man in your thoughts. Asa deft hand at mudthrow ing you stand (with the exception of your quondam chief) unrivalled. Quite recently, after throwing your filth at Messrs. Cope land and See, you had the consummate as surance to inform them that no men ranked higher than thty did in your regard. Ho one but a pastmaster in the art could have done the thing neater, and, if for no other reason than that, yon deserve a niche in the annals of the country's champion rcvilers. It is upon such a record as this that yon have tho sublime effrontery to base your claims for a renewal of public confidence. KnowingthatyourCabinet simply prostituted the public trust reposed in them, you threw up the sponge at Kant Sydney and politically perambulated in search of fresh fools and asses new. ' Like Noah's dove you flit between Jt^-.. Cold seas and uunlit. skies,' ' '^V: and finally you tnrn to Boxwood as the ex elusive, arlstocratip ^??^ifa«hlonable suburb where you can best find lest tot the sole oft - your filibustering foot. ' 1 Is there not a danger, sit, that you aie f- Counting without your political hostf It Burwooi so rotten at heart that it will in-j sensately respond to the intrigues of yonr] friends and lacqueys 1 Will the native-born'1 of that locality graBp your hnnd in generous \ gratulation? It is not the fault of thej Ministry, of which you were 6uoh aj bright and shining ornamer.' that there' is not blood upon it — the blood of their Sydney and Newcastle brethren I Still, they may possibly recoivs you with, open arms There is no telling. Chuckle-headed hybrids*] spawned by vulgar affluence, are simple and! sleepy dolts, and apt to worship the man in.; the attic. There iB no calculating how mnchJ cow-hiding and insults they are willing to/: acceptas compliments, provided the.castiga-.j tor covers np hiB indiscretions with;! broadcloth, and brazens the trouble out' by aid of flattery and finance.. ' Such smiling rogues as these, Ken^ge, affirm and turn their halcyon beak* With every gale and vary of their uaslors, i. Knowing nought, like doge, but following.'' ;, It is, however, such condonation of public; perfidy that curses this continent, and tramples its manliness in the dust.. Meanwhile, you are at liberty, of. courset to persevere with your candidature.. If the people elect you, they deserve to be repre sented by you, and you di serve the honor of representing them.. And, in conclusion, if you should deem that 1 have dealt harshly with you, accept the compliment under lying this 'counterfeit presentment ' of your naked self. You are a more dangerous antagonist in the path of national progress than the bulk of your class-contemporaries. Most of the latter are only so many blobs.of Capitalistic grease.. You, however, are. & Monopolistic microbe of political venom, for whom, in a healthy and intelligent Parlia ment, there ought to be no room whatever,, j lam, My dear McMillan,. Yours affectionately, v YOUNG AUSTBALIA. 