SHIPPING ITEMS. The German ship Fanny from Bio Janioro and Danish barque Teroora from Table Bay arrived at Newcastle yestorday. The former will load for Valparaiso and tlie latter for Tal Tal. To-day the German barque Frieda Mahn sails from Geelong (Viot) for the United Kingdom with 13,915 bags whoat. Sir Herbert Maxwell, sohooner, reached Mel bourne yestordfiy from Port Natal. Yesterday the barque Elizabeth Graham sailed from Noweastle for Auckland. On discharge of her coal she will proceed to Kaipara to load timber for Melbourne. The English mails by tho EIb Orotava, dated London March if Oth, will be due here to-morrow in time for delivery about 2 p.m. The mails which left Sydney by the EUs Mas sillia on March 26th arrived m London on Monday. They were duj yesterday. The steamer Hnbbuok hence to London left Ade laiJe yesterday. The business latoly carried on at IS Wool Exchange by Ghest and Jewott, as Ship Brokers & Commission Agents, will from this day be con. tinued by Capt. K. 0. Ghost, Mr. A. C. Jewett having retired from the firm. TITANIA- KONOOWAEBA COLLISION. The Marine Board yesterday continued the in. quiry concerning the collision between the ship Titania and steamer Konoowarra which occurred off Green Cape ou the 15th April. Ten witnesses were examined and the inquiry was further ad journed till to-day. LATEST CHARTERS, Bay of Bengal, sh— New York to Sydney— General NEW ZEALAND SHIPPING. Tho steamer Tougariro, arrived at Auckland on 22nd uit from London; barquentine St Kilda, reached Kaipara on ilst ult from Wanganui to load for Sydney ; butno J C Hamlen, sailed from Auckland ou the 23rd ult for Now York ; schooner Grace Dent, sailed from Kaipara on 22nd ult for Newcastle ; bqtne Handa Isle, arrived at Auckland from Newcastle on 21th ult; barque Edward L Muyberry, arrived at Auckland on the 26th ult from Nelson to loal for Now York; brrque's Grasmere and Thurso reached Lyttplton on 26th ult from Newcastle; steamer Aorangi from London, arrived at Wellington on 25th ult ; barque Hudson, left Napier on 13th ult for London ; barque Alcestis, arrived at Port Chalmers on 20th ult from Adventure Bay (Tas) ; barque Waimea, left Ijyttelton on 21st ult for London ; steamer Tekoa, Wt Wellington on 20th ult for London. BANK OP NEW SOUTH WALES. As was to have beon oxpected, the Balance-sheet and Profit and L03S Acer unt of the Bank of New South Wales proved thoroughly 3atifafaotory to the Shareholders attending tho meeting on Monday. The caution and discrimination of the Directors, their Chairman, and Manager, are evidenced by a glance at one or two items in the Balance-sheet, published on page 2 of this-day'a issue. Over half a million was added to cash in hand, which with bullion, and cash balances, reich the respectable figure of £1.098,602 18s Od. There is nearly another million in the shape of Government securitiea, treasury notes, notes of other Banks, and amounts due by other Banks. Thore is a decrease- of a little short of a million in loans and advances. Liabilities on notes in circulation are reduced by £127,477. The nett profit on the half year with previous balance shows ,£PJ,515 for distribution, A dividend of 10 per cent per annum: was deoided ?FBKOO LETTER. Our special corre pondent under date San Fran cisco, 5th April, 1891. Writes us as follows : — Coal.— Our market is still very quiet indeed — Since last writing thore haB been only one arrival by the 'Wasdale with 2313 tons Sydney. Aurtralian has laen rather neglected for some time -past, while EngliBh coal has been in rather better demand. I hear that a contract for 10.00D tons Wallaon* coal has been nude at $5.95, bnt how Importers can manDge to sell at such a price -is a mystery. The ?duty question is still not quite settled, but it is almost sure to be arranged at 40c. per ton. This will of course be a help to us here, though while they were about reducing it at all, they might just as well have taken the whole off. Freights.— Aro quiet but steady. I hear that several ships have been taken @ 13/9d from New castle, and I balieve this price is still bid. Our wheat market is still dull, the local ' bull ' deal and the dullness of the Foreign Markets com pletely destroying over? possibility of new business for the present. There has been absolutely nothing doing in wheat charters since my last, either for spot or future loading. 