A DEADLY FOE: A ROMANCE OF THE SEAS. NORTHERN CHAPTER XV. THE TWENTIETH OK TTLE MOKTH. By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jaoobi's Wife" ''Beyond Recall,'' "Christmas Koie,"&c.; When Dr. Dvion bad got Nelly's oonsent to a apeedy marriage, and had, after consultation •with Mrs. Lovell, fixed the day for the 20th of November, he went back to his little cottage on the hill in a state of considerable elation. The only thing that troubled him mi the remembrance of the statement he had been "compelled" (be said to himself) to make respecting if rank Lovell'* approval of Nelly's possible marriage. Why it should have troubled him at all it would have been hard indeed to Bay, for he was little troubled by orimea of much greater magnitude, and was not as a rule disposed to regret his actions unless they had been unsuccessful; but the fact remained—lie was distinctly troubled and depressed at the thought of the lie which he had told, and very much wished that it was never "neoessary" to tell lies at all. " When I'm onoe married," he said moodily to himself, " 111 keep straight. I'll turn over a new leaf, by God I will. I've had enough of this worrying business. I'll forget the past, add I'll lead a different life, if only for Nelly's sake. She to good herself, she makes me want to be like her," He oonolnded by a jarring kind of laugh, and sat dqwn, as the evening was warm and dryt tin a bench in th^ garden. The sun was setting, and the air was calm and still. He drew out his pipe and felt for a light; he might aa well have s smoke out of doors before it grew dark and oold. As he smoked he revolved various matters in his mind. He smiled at the thought of Nelly as bis wife, and began to make puss as to theplaoes whmre he would visit when he and bis bride had left England. The change of airandsoene, the warmth and brightness of Italy and the Riviera would surely, he thought, bring baek to Nelly the strength that she at present lacked. He knew that she had no organic dUaue. With a new motive for living,'with "the will to live," she would -get bettor, and be well and strong as ever. His professional knowledge told him -that. ' And h6 would not listen .to an inward voioe wbiob Whispered Jthat Nelly would gain no additions! motive for living by her marriage ttitVbim. ' ito, he ;told • himself; Nelly wonld soon reofrver, and then they wonld have a jovial tffiis, ' For himself, be had sever been so well and'Strong. He had got over the nervous weaknesses which had oppressed • him at first after his relurn home. The little optical deltiadaa aad Oliver signs of a disordered ner- Tcnsayctem bad oompletely disappeared. So isi&h;, bit said, throwing bask his bead with * laugh, for the fancies of people who talked atioatr^emone and * consciousness of evil-' •doing.; - Why, bad he not committed one of the worst crimes in the Decalogue, and for- Did it trouble bim in the least?. . Did be «var -think, nowadays, of frank in ths.deserts of snow and Heavens ! Who was that? What was that ' liul bua? • eaprang from his seat, with a stifled cry— ha^ItontedwQdlyov«r bis leftshooldsr. fobody.^as them. What bad be seen I In a moment or. two bis self-control came b^Dk Wbim. .> His ayes were still staring, his bands olatebing at vacanoy; but gradually bis t beM^reiarnad "to its' was! pceitMJn. Then he •• sat do wn again, bid bis laoe in bis bands, and lat fenu&bling; in every limb. a fool4" nmfctered to himself. . '"J tboiifht that I eaw Frank LovelL Are .: Wjr Torres going to play ma tricks over again ! , It is to-davs excitement, laoppoaa." ' After»littleSine herose, and, withabalf- : K*r«d glaoos' round him, nude hit way into • *• thelfcBaM, where fas procured lor himself a V • itiff rfajnof brandy aad water, whiob he dran >. •: slttostat one draught. Thou, feeling unequal ,;/.':.& -Way farther exertion, he' pullea off .his KOt into bed, and slept a heavy, ateaponfefl the morning. lose. he realized bow completely fcisWil " been upset. His hand trembled . I not «bave. He oould not eat .his I fa. Bat the fancy which had diedid not oome. again. He kept %bed it, but it was not there. So long i> M ramettbered it' the figment ofhiadis- ; • ssHd imagination did not reappear, i- whflB he had regained a little aon- ' fideaeVaag-jwae taUmg to Nelly "in the course } ot Mtersoon that he again became aware ":••' of St. In the Vicarage drawing-room, as be ' ^iSw'Wefc with Weliy'e band in his own, ' Jie became. suddenly, disagreeably oonsoious t./ of Ute aensa^on that some, one was watching ltiofnisMuBd, He turned onoe or twice to zaAA^nre no one was there. And when he ' tan)iddar Aeeecond time he felt sure that he : 1>ad seen Frank Lovell's face. Thu time be did not oty oat nor start up from hisaeat. The thing had got to be and, as » dootor, be was prepared to £Li$ nerves .had gone wrong attain, owlsdgad that it was an exceedingly difficult thing to gel away from the influences ofoonventian and tradition; and it was perfectly natural—as be had done a strikingly nnbonvektial thing, a> thing which people wbo h»ld by tradition called by the ngly name V i>f "mnrfer"—that whenever his nerves were V:. tmstrnbg, eome reflsotion of the antiquated >*}i eomples of mankind should take shape, in the potward eemblsjioe, perchance, of the man whom be had killed. (Thos he explained to himself *hafc he seemed to see.) The only '.-> thing to be done' was. to quiet, and oalm his > nerves as rnoch as poeoible, aad to that end he ^roold take bromide of potassium .before he ; want to bed that night. The change of aoene, . " the ⪙%bt of maniage. wonld no doubt effect cure. In the meantime be must : ignore the phantoms, and not give Nelly or ^ SMr oneeLse any reaao&i; to suppose that he r ww bannted by .what ignorant folk might call " Frank LoveU'e ghokt., ..;-/ ' .ft was earner sud than done. In spite of /hburif, he started and. blanched when he fsaoied he saw that shadowy faoe peepingpver . bii shoulder;. Mid the old triok of glancing sideways became so persistent that more than <me :perao& remarked upon it, aad said that Dr. Dyson looked as if. he were afraid of his . ' own MIJDV. ' The vision was not always to be seen. Sometimes it vanished altogether, and Oliver . Dyson's brow wonld clear and Us eyes wonld • . light up with the'. hope that be was delivered from,the .ghost of his former sin; but then, suddenly—in the midst of oompaay, at noon- • day, or alone in his little oottage at dead of • night—he would feel conscious of that presenoe jot behind him, and would shiver with the fear ot meeting those unseen ghostly eyes. He had a fanoy that if be met those eyes, and saw that shadowy visitant face to face, he wonld go mad. The effort to preserve himself from looking . 1 old sad nervous, bis secret fear of the delusion which his own »ots had forged for himself, soon told on his appearanoe. He oould not sleep at night, and grew so haggard aud so pale that ths Lovells became anxioos about him, " I hope Nelly is not going to have an invalid on her bands," said Mrs. Lovell, rather fearfully, to her husband. "That \- wpqld^iot do her muoh good. " Oh,'he'll tie all right when be is married, ':aud the Vicar. "The young man is evidently vary devoted to Eleanor; be is simply eating his heart out with impatience for the marriage ' Nelly alone did not appear to notice Oliver's altered demeanour. She bad plenty to think of without that. She bad various preparations to make for her seoond wedding, and shedid not shirk any of the duties forded on her by her position; bnt it was evident that she took no pleasure in any of them. She wait silent, nervous, proooonpied; and on the night when her wedding-dress came home—a plain lavender silk, such as is supposed to be snitable for the nuptials of a widow—she burst into an agony of tears at the eight of it, end begged it to be taken away, aa she would never bear to put it on, and bated her future bridegroom, Oliver Dyson, more than anything or anybody in the world. She was humble and penitent enough when she recovered her calm' neaa, and she begged Mrs. Lovell not to think 'of what she bad said, and above all not to tell poor Oliver about it;. but enough had already been imparted to poor Oliver to make him dismally uneasy ; and when she came downstairs to see him it was the evening before that 20th of November, which was to be their wedding day—he met her with an ill-oonoealed concern and anxiety whtoh told her only too olearly that ber outbreak of sorrow and passionate regret was known to him. 