LOCAL AINDGENRAL NEW~ . Lanaso artiote and other matter are na. avoidably maswded eot of this as.e. nam9 n' sad Boya' ?mnal, British Work -anrChattsorha , an4 all the other Anoauls for 1802 are to be led at Me. W sanIas 'e. Brba?ne.strset.-(ADvr.) I61 Ti .omanal domnthlyorr vio In onnention iWb the Angeu doenominatIon wuas held at $he andy 1p 1 lnm .on Sunday morning bat .when M . & . Heory, onsate of Ma. _~'s mhreaht ofoilated. The text .f. hii dleo swerem xa.i lI-'-Now the God \- bope Oil gon withai joy and oeIn beller. ing, that pp ma abonnd In hope, through the power of the Hu Ghost." From these words oan ezeent aSdrees wae givoen,:and appeared to be pooh appre~ated. P. A. Wemoana wasthlladyorusa-.wfner in the photeli s iphi eono, oammer Show, 18i8. tHuz las work only eonlted at the old-hstoid U Studio, Brisehmn street - (anv ] 154 Oa Saturday eenoing last, the members of the Exoelmior Baund, under the leadership of Mr. C.. Hegsty, oonpied the beloony of the oroth' A tralan BoasL They plaged a number of sealel aleotions, and, if the Ilrge rowd whibh asoembled in the lrSet opposite the well konow bstelana he taken as ode terion, thir effort, were well appreolated. Metertainmoente of bis desoription are revi Gently popalar with the general publio, and many people would no doubt be plead to hear them a great del oltener. SaloloCl?n essr Sap. -uert and rrow braid 6?ljanlioneo.-(Aern.) 65 Tra anmount oollested by the Clerk of Petty Besions rtt'atton (Selor.Sergeant. King) hbader the Meat and Dairy EBportEourorage meet Ant, hobh was ptaed turing the liat eolni of Talrliamenot, was, inp' to the 81.t itimo, £80 6e. Stowe that dabte erther mo of between 525 sad f0 ha been refeelyed, BSTanoxoar of ll knLds, eutablehe alike for Lo Ldetter and ircr?yer' .etter, at Paras's -pok Dep mo-[D t i] 9.7Th ;Oi Matrday morning lent a blight, thongh patnfal aeeidaent cooulred to Mr. C. Oldhbm atthe railway workshbops. Mr. Olaham,who ie .oar??ag.boilder working at bthe ne shop, was rabnting o onplof treohs, when beot jbt huaib:laosge ist a n the btfem, the result being that the digit was bret, though formeta ~ot. aewas0 . broken. The lajer waesait,?det; aid bsewll?0 doubb be oom peled to remin of woek for a few days. Kasro6ieiBnhtolpopso o6 Monday, Jeunacvy 22.and Nalio ;slarw find all Sobool Be. qusites .at Paina'elo, DeEi t -, &9*. 275 Soma ?ifeen monthls ago waggonette we atolen?o?r a man pi~gmed Bihd (4audilty of Welstop, and 8no traoe end ie fbund of it. ..ALm.it twopor three wk?eeton owener, Coltahble Leahy, ?o :lSwoos . got a gloee !whiehroueed~hii ouptoioln, end, op Iemw s shy lest, h prnootdeadto'elvef'taol. )vlelt? the promises of Edward Key, and efound whkt 'hb'-ondi'ddebthe.hetelhn -hl bile loated in an old shed alongside the house. It wase •overed with old begs. On oelly eexamining it, the oonetible sme to the eononelon that it had bten conlidorably altered. The two side aests had bepn hbmklrn off, bnt, on makipg farthlr saeireb, these 'were -ound'etowed away ls anldt loft in the libee. Keys was ste?os arrested, the eonveyenoe wee taken poereesion of,.a?d both were conveyed to the Boewood polioe erlation. A warrant was isosued the eame evening for the arrest cf a man named John Thomas, alibas Bulldog Tom," who weeas on the road to.. Toowoomba. Telegrams were sent to all the polioe estations along the road between'Boewood and Tobwoomba arqoaiot ing them that a warrant for the appreheiyn of Thomas hal been leised. Aibiot 11 o'oloak on the mosthe eveoing the man wab arrested near the foot of the Main Range by Oonettble Jeoninge, of Helidon, and weeas oenveed to Rosewood on the following morning. Both Keye and Thomas were then brought before the Bench, the former being oberged with having stolen property in his possession, and the latter with the lareny of a waggoaette. After the eaidenoe of the arrest ing consteablee habed been taken, the two accuned were remanded to Goodnn. SMAGIoc Clesaoer Soap eavesl cat of boiler, ke.-(AsvT.). 63 AT the Police Court, yesterday morning, before the Polioe Magistrate, a delicqeent who admitted that be bad crested a d?leturbsnue in Nicholas-atreet on Saturday night was dim charged. William Henderson, for a similar offense at the same time and place, weeas ned 10s.; in default, three days' incarceration iu the cells. " YTNcKs DOODLe" Tobacco (Ameri can): superb quality.-(ADVr.) 57 MRe. YATEo, the lady Mayor of Onehange (writes our New Zealand correspondent), evi. doently intends to keep her councillors well under control. At a meeting called to elect a Town Clerk, two councillors who have resigned, but hold ofice till their suocesors are elected, were present, and, in reply to a quettion, said they intended taking part in the bueiness. Mre. Yatee decided that no business should be transoscted while these cueacillere aera present, and bshe aooordingly adjourned the meeting. Aoono Kgerosene Soap is oheapest and beht. -:AnvT.l l6 THE people of Tenterneld, in many publio matters, exhibit a liberality and shaow an amount of energy and enterprise that might well be emulated by much larger towns. For instanoe, the other day two of the members of the local egrioultural society went round the town to collect epecial priese and subecriptions towords the coming show-which is the even~t of the year in the New England capital-and as the result of their efforts they received the handsome sum of £160; and this, as the 6B?ar i remarkes, even in these dark days of depression and despondency. Ayer's Hair Vigour sltimulates the heir to a vigcroue growth. It oounains all that can be supplied to make the hair beautiful an abthn dant, removes dandruff, and renders the hair flBexible and glomy,-[ADzvr.] Ta. Post end Tel lish and othe lpx kn0. e M.S. Him . w night, td a i d delitered by er ies on the folilo Dorbgn nig. ;_IAO ClCnnncrtlosp. HaDrt and Arrow bRrand ly genunine.-[Anvr.] 631 Te firsat of a series of leoourea on "Tbe Pleaeorec, Perils, and BHeroism of the Se" we given lint eventog. y tbhe Hev. W. Smith, th toee-Pi.eMethodist Gaull h. Tle bu i if .wi hedhy en appr iv audienoe. The ilecture, which was lutsrseting througboa, wees ilolutrated by mgio lantern elwe, epeoelly 4persod·by Mr. 8mcb imt... self. Some jenet, exoellent plotuer miall were shown, and the grapbio descriptlion given of thrs .hby the. Iepprer, together witb the exoellecs onthe eceNi wes mrohb appreilated by those in attendaque. Tbhe three wa·r e sonee--the aensoding wave, the breaking waveo. end the;'rooolinl -wave--wer. en peL:aily of a high- eoln ohracter, and their prodention, together with those repreuenting the lifeboat iaunob, the lifeboat at work. aned rtunrning to harbour from the resoue, made a great fmpreason on the audiencs, and c3m. plaetely "brought down the house." It wea qui't eviAent, too. fumatbhe dhbios ~e bliotlo of )oteue, that Mr. Bmith had epred neither enpenceor touble in order to make the isoturee a pronoonoed ooosee. At the close of the entertainment, Mr. Smith we greebsd with rounds pplause, To.night the itoture will rbe glvedje the hohroh at Godna, and to. morrow gte Basin Pooket, while on Thern. day nlghi Roe Bondsnb reeideots will have en opporte|p of hearing it. As ~ grooer for Anehor Keromoe Boar. 63 (ceas lastaht's Tclegrapl) that S.N.S, Coempeoy hern dbpoed of the TeJaed the Thros. two of the Iegst of their fie Beet of steamers, which have been tradin'Betvwesn London nsad Btiebane. The pnrohetkec re meid 4ir hav been a Spanleh liep?oompun;, butit ? not kown in who IManb seeI w now h benalqne. MaCo -Ctea er 8Soap, k for Heart and Arrow itbt 4ld y.--(AvvT.) 63 TH Br?icdterg Mai, In ie issue olfTriday les, asys :-Oosn of thos terribly endden ftaliltie whioh *t IJtervals av, cioen its dicoovery, attended the see of ohlorotorm, ?co~nrred at the Hosplital yesterday, when a patienthamed Wlliaes Murray. to whom the ecethtLeL was..edulnlttered by. Dr. May, prior to an operation, died suddenly. It -p. pear, that the deoeased, who is a botoher op the railway ine hodst 'one time a reeident of Bandabrk, nffered noautely from varioose reins, and hu been s aInmate of svrel hoepitale from his continued wheknoem in thi repect, ln order to relieve his cuffrlarip he wes mealoe thet an opemoaola -bodd be per formodd,-ad erganamnte were madeto shat end by Dre. May ad Thome t the nlatitation yeeterdtafternoon. Dr. May admhlLtered the ohloroform with the usual preoontioo, s acd me. Ingthartbe paticetwas well under theinflueonoe of tbe reuthetioc, turned round to pronure his instruments prepratory to operating. After the lape of a mnlote Dr. Thomas exolaimed, '*Hishrgteeslopped." Everlyeffotwuemade to reuoeoitate the patient, but all meee failed the nefortonate men enooumbing to the drug at thetime Dr. Thomas deteteted the etoppage of t h heart' notion. Dr. Frenol held a pos_. mortem examination of the body Inter on in thbe day, end found dieease of the main artery. We understand that this form of dimease ould not be deteoted by the medioel enmination, whbioh in thi, as Io all other cases, precedes the adminietration of obloroform. This li the first fattlibty fm ohtloroform which has on ourred in Baidabherg, and also the first that Dr. May hase experleaod in his praotice, though be has administered ohloroform more than 3000 times. The deoessed, who hu thee eucooumbed to a fatal aotie of the drug, ag?ent which the greatect medied skill and ecins would he no esafegnard, had been at one time in the army. He ame to Queensmland some thirteen years ago. and, we believe, has no relative. in the oolony. His death was terribly esad nd afulay sudden, but was wholly beyond prevention in view of the fasts of the cse. Te Southern rage among smoker. "Ysukee-Doodle."--.Anv?.) ' 7 A MAcEarP telegram in lastnight's 'Telegraph state, that the Raecourse central mill, having £5000O in hand after paling Intereet and re; demption, have determalded toinvet the money in Treanry bills instead cf declaoiog a divi. dend. ay6or Tobaoeonist for "Yahkee Doodle," a high class Amerloan Tobeooo.--[ADvT.) 7 SATnso?RAY's Goernment GQaette announes that the Voommandant will make hie annual lospenotinn of the Gatton Mounted Infantry on the 20th instant. MAoro Oleanemer 8oap. No more boiling olothe s fuel saved.--[ADVy.] S 'I ? o serentles wge euased latown yester. day (eaye the Wide Bay Neros of Saturday) when it beoasme known that a man, rashbly, isa-p?toriiteoh-i. gon to his-eath by :ump. Ing into the river of the Government wharf. At the time, about 8 o'olook in the afternoon, there was nobody on that part of the wharf szocpt dneaosed. Two boeys, however, named reslpeitlily GrifBth a?d Smith, who were to??nlg in boat near the wharf, saw the man geionlstioing, and throw his hat into the water, and fmmediately after jump in. He came op direotly aftr, floating on bi bhaok. then esank, and was not seen afterwamds alive. Information was Immediately given to the police, and in the meanwhile Tom Byrne sad William Franks got a boat and drags from the Fearless sohooner, and two kanakas also dired into the river, but oold find no trace o thbeman. Dragging-was con tioned ansaocesaully for about an hour, when a police boat arrived manned by Con stables Magee and Quinn, and took the pleos of the other. After about ten minutes work with the drags, the body was brought up sod taken on shore. The pookets were searched, and all that was found was a knife, an empty puree, a Labour Burean pass book, in which the name Jamen Strunton wee written, end a i.S.W. mines's right, signed Edgar Bae, Warden, The man worked un loading the Borwah steamer on Saturday, since when be had been lookiog for work about the town. He stated to one of the wharimen on Saturday that he had come from Gippeland, Victoria, had gone as far as Book. hampton, and waee working back south. He appeared to be about forty.five years of age, with haeir inclining to grey. He was seen dtr intg the day, and appeared perfectly sober. Mr. Beasell, of the Groand Hotel, gave him some food yesterday, which he off8red to repay by doing some work for him. There it no doubt that it was a ease of deliberate suioMe. The body was taken to the morgue, and will be interred this morning. LAsr night's Telegralphr intimates that the Minister for Lands has asooepted an invitation to attend the Toowoomba show, and will con seqeetlly leave for that town on Wednesday afternoon, and be present at the show on the tollowing day. Mr. Barlow bhas been asked to take the opportunity of going on as far as the Roma distriot, but owing to the pressure of besiness be will be unable to do so. On a ifatre oession, however, he intends to vis't the Maranona and Charleville distridle. A WELTr..oUGHCT up child was seen seeretly to purloin and pocket an orange from thelaid out dinner-table, but was afterwards seen to enter the empty room and secretly again return it to the dish and triumphantly ex claim, "Sold again, Satan !" ADvros TO MOTBEES I-Are you broken in your rest by a alex child enterieg with the pain of ontting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist, and get a bottle of Mas. Wxserow's Soorams Branu. It will relieve the pooer safferer immediately. It is perfectly harmles-, mad pleasant to taste; it produces natere. quiet sleep, by relieving the ehild from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as button." It soothes the ehild, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regelates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhea, whether arising from teething or other conses. Mrs. Winalow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medioine-deales, everlwhere,atls. ljd, perbuttl,.-4ADTr, 81 