OUR MELBOURNE 7uETTPjR. Monday. The elephants nave noen trumpeting and the lions roaring in more senses than one this week. The political animals like the elephants and lions of Pillis Circus have been on a " fino old tear," between Wednesday morning about day break and Friday at lunch time the ministry lias been practically defeated, a dissolution "ranted, and the manifesto of the Patter son Government decided upon by the Cabinet. Sharp work you must admit, and mainly due to the fact that the Pro- mi, -r. as is said of liirn in the departments is a " terror to work." Rut more than this members have been sent to the con stituencies in the shortest time on re cord, Sir Bryan O'iLoglilen who fixed the date of dissolution, nomination and poll ing didn't waste an hour. By no possible time could polling day have been fixed sooner. This while being fair to both side?, as the blouse is so evenly divided, of course gives advantage to the sitting members and makes the election less costlv. Many cculd not possibly travel thrrugh their constituencies in the time allowed. One member dolefully exhibits a list showing that to get through his speak- in" but once in each place he should have p/trawl 547 miles in the saddle between now and polling day. Many of the electo rates it would be impossible to canvass in c nisrqucnce of the towns being so widely separated, that the candidate could not reach them all in the time at disposal. The probability is that the candidates will simply make their head quarters at some hotel in a Government position in the el donate, i sue their advertisements to the ele.iors and avoid personal canvass. The contest conducted on these lines should be short, sharp and decisive riio:i"h, but there will not be much in it f,,r die poor printer. Until wc know what Mr Turner's pro- "l-amme is and tlic Premier's reply there to. it is impossible to speculate on the result of the election. The issues at present are personal, rather than political, that put to the country is really Foster v Patterson. Poster on Patterson, bnt Patterson in hand as we say at billards. Mr Turner is only a pawn in the game, a sort of high reaching circumspect Buckingham to a "wily Richard III., and some day the order will be given " off wiili his" head" too. But though it is too early yet to speculate upon the effect ihe policy of the Government will have upon the electora'es or the elec tions upon the future Parliament, v.e may consider the conditions of s ine of the contests. The Premier is to be opposed at Cus-lcmaiue by Mr E. A. Williams and Mr Greenhill — two others are talked of, but I scarcely think lliey will go to the poll. Mr Williams hnsj 1 understand, been thrice mayor of Castlcmaiue, is the manager of the lccal woollen mills, and a very popular towns man. Still, I do not think there is a chance of bis winning against Sir James Patterson, who may claim the title of " the uubouglit and undefeated," and, of course, if Mr Greenhill insists upon being defeated again, lie makes the Premier's chance more sure. But while openly vindieat'ng Mr Williams's pretensions, the Premier is not neglecting strategy, and arranged to meet his local committee on Monday, two days after the publication of the manifesto. Mr lleay, the editor of the " Weekly Times," is again in the field for Dundas, but" previous results leave him littlo reason for hope, especially as he does not now reside in the district, but in Hawthorn, for which he was spoken of as a likely candidate. The House certair'y will not contain again the prime faddist, while over the names of Captains Taylor and Salmon have to be written nevermore, " It is the cause my soul," as Othello says. The most extraordinary position, so far, is that of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, at Port Fairy, who finds himself opposed by no less than three members of his own denomina tion and one Protestant, Mr J. Warrington Rotlgers, an ex County Court Judge, and a pensioner of the state. Unless the others retire it would seem almost certain that 51 r Rodgers will slip In here on a small poll, in which case the colony will save a portion of his pension. This split between the Dufl'y Catholics and the O'Loglilen ones causes constituency ques tions to assume at this election a very mixed aspect, but it is as yet a little pre mature to talk about tliem until wc see tlio hand of the Turnerites. After Thurs day night the country must take ill charge its own business and judge. I fear, how ever, the result will be much as at present — parties so nearly divided that it will be impossible fur one to coerce the other, and hence ifioj-o will be more wrangling, drift a id disappointment. Had the Go vernment submitted a good strong decisive and popular policy tliey liad the cliance of coming back from the electorates with a substantial working majority. But to my thinking tlio manifesto is as weak as the budget. Most probably Mr Turner's will be no better, and then what are the electors going to do ? It is rumored — though tho statement is unconfirmed, for the Opposition deny the correctness of the newspaper rumors about tlieir caucus — that the programme of the Opposition is to include a wealth tax. I had an interesting conversation the other day on the subject with Mr Carl Pinschof, who is generally regarded as about the most prominent of our financiers outside Parliament, and ho tells mc that the effect of ihe tax in Austria and Belgium, es pecially where it has long b .n in force i3 to cause the wealthier classes to remove themselves and their capital from the country wherein tho impost is enforced, aud to seriously depreciate the value of all Government stock as this is taxable. If imposed here, he considers that the effect would be that financiers would invest the capital they won in Victoria in stock scrip and property in the other colonies, while it must also bi remembered absentees do not pay the wealth tax. These hints arc worth consideration. It seems to me that in this colony few of us understand the initial principles of taxation. Talking of Austria, reminds me that there was introduced to the Premier last week, a gentleman who occupies the position in the household of its Emperor, that the Lord liigli Steward does in that of Victoria Queen and Empress. With a companion, this gentleman is enlarging his mental observation by a world wide tour. It is settled that if Mr Bent is returned once more — and lie has a wonderful hold on that loug served constitutency of liis — that he is to be the next speaker. Sir Graham Berry has not the ghost of a chance, so that we may yet hear of plain Tommy B. blossoming into tho pillar dignity of Sir Thomas Bent, K.O.M.Gr., third term. If anything happens to prevent Mr Bent from contesting for the stakes, Frank Mason is a certain starter, and would probably beat Sir Graham hands down. 