CHIPS, -4-- Aw explosion of firedamp recently oc curred at the Anderlues Mine in Belgium. Seven persons were killed and five injured. It was at this mine that a terrible explosion took place in 1892, when 152 men were killed. A recent London Gazette contained the formal announcement of the com mission appointed to inquire into the financial relations between Groat Britain and Ireland. A quarrel between two sections of the congregation regarding the pastor led (Reuter tells us) to a serious riot in a Polish church at Freeland, Penn sylvania. Four persons were shot and others were severely beaten. At Saffron Walden, England, Jane Law, the wife of a labourer of Arkes den, was charged with having 94 part ridge eggs in her possession, which had been unlawfully obtained. She was fined 2s 6d for each egg, and costs amounting to 14s, the total fine being £12 Os, or three months' hard labour. At a meeting of the Birmingham Council, the chairman said it was pro posed to send a letter to the Home Secretary, calling attention to the number of fatalities that had occurred from the use of cheap lamps, and re questing that some steps might be taken to restrict the sale of cheap glass amps and increase the flashing poin of paraffin. At the Darwen (England) Police Court, a fine of 20s and costs was im posed upon a widow named Margaret Fish, who was stated to have entered the local cemetery at an early hour of the day and smashed the monument erected over the grave of her deceased husband. In the great will case, "Sutherland v. Sutherland, the briefs on behalf of the Dowager-Duchess of Sutherland have been delivered to counsel, and are marked as follows :-' Sir Richard Webster, Q.C., M.P., 1000 guineas; Mr. Lockwood, Q.C., M.P., 750 guineas; Mr. Bayford, Q.C., 500 guineas; Mr. E. H. Carson, Q.O. M.P., 350 guineas; and Mr. R. Searle, 250 guineas.' The foreman of the grand jury at the Central Criminal Court, London, said he was desired by his colleagues to express their opinion that the lash ought to accompany any punishment inflicted for the offence of criminally assaulting young girls. The Recorder said he would take care that the recommendation was forwarded to the proper quarter. Mr. Mundella has written as fol lows to a London correspondent : "I have at length succeeded in ob taining from the Treasury the neces sary sanction for the appointment of two practical railway men, who will inquire into accidents and their cause, and look after the interests of railway servants generally, with a view to in creased safety and a diminution of the appalling returns of accidents and deaths furnished annually by the Board of Trade. I sincerely hope that this is the beginning of a better state of things for railway workers. At Lord Durham's North Biddick Colliery, near Penshaw, Durham, a banksman named John Kinross met with a terrible death. He was riding in a cage from the Heapstead level to the lower level, but stepped out before the cage stopped, and losing his balance fell headlong down the pit shaft, a depth of 250 yards. When the body was recovered it presented a frightfully mangled appearance, and death must have been instantaneous. The deceased, who was 30 years of age, was married. At the annual district meeting of the Methodist Free Churches in the Newcastle-on-Tyne district, held at Sutherland, the Rev. A. Wren called attention to their decreasing member ship and spiritual strength, which he attributed chiefly to the dancing, kis sing, and ring games so frequently practised at their school treats, &c.; Low and degrading entertainments were frequently held in their school rooms, and he could not wonder at decreasing membership, when at all their social gatherings dancing, was allowed and kissing was indulged in. In one town he knew of representa tions of a public- house brawl and a ghost scene, whilst games were played for which the forfeit had had to be paid in kisses. He also knew of a minister, though not of their body, who was prevailed upon to go down on his hands'and knees so that a lady might get astride his back and be carried round the room. (Cries of dissent.) That man had not only to be minister, but donkey as well. (Laughter.) He concluded by asking them to unite in putting an end to these practices. 