HIGHLAND COUSINS. A NOVEL. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Prinoesaof Thule," "MacLeod*, of Dare," &c.;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter I.—A Convoy. Away out at the edge of the world, faoing the wild Atlantic Seas, a small and black pro cession was striving hard to makei headway against a blinding gale of rain and sheet. First came a horse and cart and in the cart was a young woman, seated on a sack of straw and wrapped up in a thick blue-green tartan shawl that in a measure protected her from the driving gusts; then followed a straggling company of middle-aged men, their figures pitched forward against the wind, their teeth clenched, the salt spindrift dripping from shaggy eyebrows and beard, while now and again the tailend of a plaid, escaping from the clutch of • frozen fingers, would go flying aloft in theair. ' Occasionally one of the' men, from ; mere force of habit, would stop for a moment i to try to light his pipe; but even if hiB horny palms were sufficient to shelter the sulpihur match the wet tobacco would not burn and the pipe was meohanioally returned to it3 owner's pocket. There were two or three collies trot ting by the side of their respective masters, butt what with the drenching showers and the bewilderment of the • tumultuous waves there was not a snap or a snarl left amongst them. At length, however, the road the' travellers were following, which - hitherto had wound : along the shore, struck inland; and at this corner stood a solitary and dismal-looking habitation. There was no sign of any kind to denote that here was offered entertainment for either man or beast; but no doubt the com-: pany knew the] place, for as with one accord they leffa the highway and thronged into' the: narrow passage, pressing and jostling against each other. All of them, that is to say, except one—an elderly man, of respectable appear- • anoe, who seemed to hesitate about leaving the girl in the cart. "Will you not come down, Barbara," said, he, addressing her in the Gaelic tongue, "and ' step into the house ?' ' The young girl with the dark-blue Highland eyes and raven-blaok hair merely bhook her >■ head. "Then will I bring out a dram," said he, " or a piece of oatcake and cheese 2" "lam not wishing for anything," she an swered, also speaking in Gaelio, and thereupon the elderly shepherd, considering him&elf; re lieved of present responsibility, followed his companions into the inn. Apparently it was but a cold welcome they had received. There seemed to be no one about, nor was there any fire in the grate of this bare,, damp-smelling, comfortless obamber into which . they had crowded themselves. But they did not appear to - mind much ; all. the pent-up speech,, suppressed by the" storm had now broken loose, and there was a confused and high-surging babblement about funeral ex penses—arrears of rent—the sale' of stook—1 the intentions of the faotor, and what not, all of them talking at'once and at cross-purposes —contradiobing, asseverating, with renewed striking of matoh'ea and sucking' of difficult pipes. Indeed, so vehement and- vociferous was|thehubbubthat when a timid- lookingyonng lass of about;fourteen came along, bearing before her a shovelfoll of burning peats, she Could hardly win attention until one of them called out— - "Make way for the lass .there. Comein, ■ Isabel. And where is your mother and the whisky?" "Mymofcherisnotso well to-day," the girl replied as she pnt the peats in the grate. " But yon oan get us the whisky f waB the instant and anxious enquiry. " Oh, yes, indeed." "Then make haste and bring it to us, for, there is more, warmth in a glass of whisky \ than in all the peats in the island." " And have you any oatcake in the house 7' asked another. , ! " No, there is no oatcake in thehbuse," the lass made answer. "It is at this very moment' that my grandmother is baking." She left the room and shortly returned with.' a tray, on which were ranged a number of thick tumblers and measures, the latter.filled with a dull straw- colored fluid ; whereupon.each man apportioned his own and paid for the same. There was no drinking of healths, for they had come away from a solemn occasion ; but this additional stimulant, following previous and liberal potations, awoke a fresh enthusiasm of eager speech—about pasture land 'and arable the Crofters' Commission, the price, of calves, and similar things.. And perhaps it was to re- ', buke them that Lanohlan Maolntyre, the shoe- '}■ maker, a tall gaunt man of melancholy.mien, ■=': pnahed his way throngh and placed his fist on the table, the better to steady himself. , "A, shame it is," he said in Gaelio thai . might have been fluent if it had not . been in terrupted by apprehensions of hiccough—" A • shame it is—that we should be talking of such worldly matters. Ay, ay, indeed, when we shohld be mourning with our friend—mourn ing—as Rachel—mourning and refusing to be comforted. It is this day that my heart is sore for Donald Maolean—that has seen the last of bis family put away from him into the earth. A fine lass she was—ay, ay, indeed, not , a handsomer in these islands—and a handy and a useful creature about the crolb; bub we are as the grass that periaheth and the flower that withereth;' and Donald—Donald will be a sorrowful man—when he finds himself among the folk of Duntroone—so that the saying will be fulfilled that was written, .'Sad is—the lowing—06 a cow—on a strange pasture—— He tilted forward but he did not fall, for a ' powerful pair of hands.had got hold of him by the shoulders and he was dragged away from the table and thrown unceremoniously into a corner. The elderly shepherd who had thus - interfered, and who was about the only one of them with any remaining pretensions^ to sobriety, now addressed him with bitter scorn— "Yes, you are the fine man to have your wits and judgment in suoh a . state. You do not know that it is Donald Maolean that we have been burying;.you do not know that his daughter is alive and well, and waiting for us outside in the cart; you do not know it is she who is going to Duntroone. And you are. the fine man to have the oharge of her; sure I am you will be in a drunken sleep as soon as you get on board the steamer——" "Let be—let be," Baid Lauohlan, fumbling in his pooket for. his pipe. "I am not for quarrelling. I am a peaceable man. Duncan, have you a match ?" "Amatch!" exclaimed the other with dis- : dain. "Is it nothing you can think of but whisky and tobacco ?" "Whisky!" repeated Lauohlan with an amazing alertness. "Well, now, it is your head that has the good sense in it, Duncan, sometimes—and that is the Bible's truth. And I say what you say—another good glass . of whisky will do ns no harm since we have to walk across the island to Kilree. Oh, yes, do not fear; I'will look after the young lass and her father; I will take them safely to Dun troone. Have you a matoh, Duncan ?' The older man did not answer. " It is I that must try to get a glass of milk for Barbara." he said to himself as be moved away, "if there is no oatcake in the house." But meanwhile Lauc-hlan—Long Lauchlan, the shoemaker, he was called in Duntroone on the mainland—Lauchie. while fumbling about ' for his pipe had come upon a Jew's-harp, and this was a new inspiration. With heroic endeavor he struggled to his feet; he balanced himself; he placed the' instru ment to his lips and began to play in a thin quavering straiD, "Lord Lovat's Lament." ■Nay, he affected to give himself something" of the airs of a piper; in the limited space at his command he paced backwards and forwards with slow and solemn steps; there was an inward look on his face as if he was forgetful or disdainful of these vain roysterers. Moreover, there was a kind of nebulous grandeur about the tall and melancholy figure; for since ever the peats had been put) in the grate the wind had been steadily blow ing down the chimney and now the apartment) was thick with smoke—peat smoke and tobacco*; smoke combined ; so that the performer, with > his slow, funeral steps of about three indies in length, was as the dark ghost of a piper mov ing to and fro unheeded and apart. And he might very well have been left to his harmless diversion; but that was not to be. In spite of the din the tremulous wiry sound of the> Jew's-harp had caught the ear of a huge red-* bearded drover from Mull who was on the*, other side of the table, and for Borne reason or' another he became irritated. 1 "You there, Long Lauohlan," he called, "why do you play that foolish thing? If the Free Churoh will not let you play the pipes a man who is a man at all would refuse to play on any instrument! It is the great piper yon are—with a ohild's toy at your mouth!" The piper—or harper, rather—paused,"ad vanced to the table, steadied himself, and fixed his gaze on his enemy. "What—is it you say—about the Free Church ?" he demanded, with his small blaok eyes beginning to glitter. " This it is I am saying," responded the big red-bearded giant, with his browB lowering ominously, " that when the Free Churoh will be for putting down the pipes throughout the islands then the man is not a man, bat a dog every inoh of him, who will give up the pipes and take in the place of the pipes what is allowed him, and that is the low, pitiful, vile toy-inBtrument you have there." "Then you are a liar," said the shoemaker with decision. , . i "I am ,a liar?" repeated the other in an access of fury. "Bub you are worse, for you are a son of the devil and a liar besides and I will smash your d-—d Free Churoh toy!" He made a sudden snatch aoross the table caught the Jew's-harp out of the shoemaker's] hand and dashed it on the floor, dancing on it with his heavy-nailed boots. Then the tumult began. The shoemaker would "get round the] table. His friends held him back. lie broke I away with imprecations and howls of rage. The drover—Red Murdoch—equally frantio, was desperately striving to dispossess himself of those who clungto him or who bravely in terposed themselves between the two. com batants ; while random blows on both sides did nothing worse so far than beat the air. But what protended evil was that the angry passions thus aroused showed a tendency to become general. There were excited cries and remonstrances—the invariable prelude of a faction fight. And then, as in chanced, by sortie accidental swaying of the crowd.the table went over—went over with a breenge fit to wake: the dead; : the tray, the glasses, the measures, the unnecessary water bottle hurling themselves into the little back fireplace. ■ r. It was in the midst of all this indescribable uproar that a new figure suddenly appear ou the scene—an old woman with unkempt silver white Jocks, and visage of terrible import. She came in quickly ; she was armed with the rolling-pin she had been using, at the bake boardand with some strange sort of instinct Bhe seemed bo make straight for the two chief offenders. , , . " What is this, now," she exclaimed in shrill Gaelic, " what is this going on, and my daughter lying ill. Out with you, you.drunken 3avages.. Out, of the house with you, you heathen orew—ay, every one of you—out of the house With you—out—oub—" And these panting, .ejaculations were accompanied by strokes so energetic and unexpected that a universal bewilderment and confusion instantly prevailed.. No man's person,,nor any part of ifc, howeyer iuferior, was safe from, this merci less weapon; • though ib was mainly on the Mull drover, and on the astonished shoemaker that her-valiant belaboring fell.. " In. the name of God,woman, have peace ?.' Qried one of them. ... ../■'■ But there was no peace—there was war— war implacable and ferocious—war that ended in a deoisive victory, for in any incredibly shorb space of time she had driven - forth the whole invertebrate crowd of them and slammed to the outer door. They found themselves in the rain; they hardly knew how or why. They re garded, each other as if something had occurred that they, were'trying to recollect. Then their eyes fell upon, the cart. .The young.lass.was still patiently waiting there, the thick blue green shawl nob entirely confining thetags of raven-black hair that had been loosened by .the storm.' And then Duncan, the shepherd, choosing to ignore this wild thing that had just happened, said discreetly— " We'd better be getting on, lads. It would be a great pity if we were to miss the Sanda.'' {To be continued.) . . , 