jitettts in The German Emperor's Stud Farm and Deer Forest.— One of the recent magazines describes ! the Emperior William's stud farm at Trakeheren. I It supplies the German army .with the 100,000 | horses it requires in time of peace, and it is one of ' the best breeding places in tne worm ior norses on 1 account oi its abundant facilitits for irrigation, j which produces a plentiful supply of sweet rich 1 grass. An extensive forest close by containing a thousand deer, is the Emperor's favorite hunting ground. Raising the Sectarian Cry.— At St. Leonards, \- the other night, Sir Henry Parkes discoursed before his electioneering committee on the subject of "Slattery's crows." A few days previously Mr. Wise spoke 011 a similar theme. Vulgar people have another title for the subject ; they call it " The bloody shirt" ; whilst some" satirists have described it as "The Kiama Ghost." I can say most positively that Mr. Wise believes, or pro fesses to believe, that there is a conspiracy in the Roman Catholic Church to work the next Parlia mentary elections in such a manner that the As sembly shall contain a majority of Roman Catho lics. This information I had from Mr. Wise's own lips, and it was to that alleged conspiracy he re ferred in his Redfern address. And when Sir Henry Parkes spoke of "Slattery's crows," is it not reasonable to assume that he bad this supposed conspiracy in his mind ? The veteran will lie more than foolish if he raises the sectarian qnestion at the general election, and the result of his conduct will be disaster to himself. It would be a bad thing for the country if any sect became a dominating force in Parliament, but I do not believe that any of them is attempting to accomplish this object.— Sydney correspondent. The Liability of Contractors. — A case of great importance to contractors was decided by the Grafton Bench recently, says the Mercury. It appears that the defendant Smith, who is the eon- tractor for the enbankment at Alnmny Creek, let a sub-contract to one Baker, who engaged the plain tiff, Thomas Lloyd, to work for him. Baker threw up the sub-contract, and did not pay Lloyd, who thereupon sued Smith for the amount of his claim. The lattrr disputed his liability, but Mr. Norrie, who appeared for the plaintiff, pointed out that under the 18th section of the Contractors' Liability Act it was provided that a contractor was liable for wages due on snb-contracts. On this the Bench had no alternative but to find for plaintiff. But the case seems a particularly hard one, and, as Smith pointed out, he may be held liable for numer ous claims against sub-contractors, and the P.M. pointed out how the Act may be abused in many ways. The decision should act as a warning to contractors, who should exercise great care in the selection of snb-contractors. Death of Judge Faucet. — A Sydney exchange says : — A useful and highly houorable career has been closed by the death of J udge Fancet. In that sphere with which it had been most intimately con nected it had, indeed, already closed. Bat still, even after his retirement from the Bench, the hope might reasonably have been entertained that in other directions his fcllow-citizeus would for many years to come have the benefit of Judge Faucet's correct judgment and ripe experience. On the Bench he was eminently sonnd in his decisions, and his strong common sense was aided by an exem plary spirit of industry. The art of taking great pains has sometimes been defined as one of the actual attributes of genins. Whatever the faculty may count forjudge Faucet possessed it in no ordi nary degree. He had won no little distinction, too," in Parliamentary life at a period when success was to be won by very different recommendations than often pass current at the present day. As a pri vate citizen he was deservedly respected. A con scientious adherent of his own church, he was at the same time a man whose desire ,to serve his fellows was altogether independent of the bounds which divide churches and creeds. The Working Man's Worst Enemy. — A Syd ney correspondent writes : — It is the general belief here that the dispute between the Labor Leagues and the Cook party in the Assembly will not be settled ; and it is also the general belief that neither party reallj desires that it shonld be settled. A number of the League men want the comfortable seats now occupied by Mr. Cook and his friends ; and, naturally enough, the latter desire to retain possession of those seats. Why, then, should they place themselves in the hands of the Leagues. If I were a member of the party I certainly would not do so. Having tasted luxuries, or rather having enjoyed them for several years, I should be very . unwilling to return to the stir-abont diet. Between I the labor men in the House and the labor leaders 5 outside, the working classes are having a bad time, i But did any reasonable person believe that the am- jbition of these persons to be legislators would result lin any benefit to the working classes ? "A man's Jfoes," says the highest of all authorities, « are the bmen of his own household." The greatest enemy I pf the working man is the Labor candidate. ij Extraordinary Preservation of Butter, I When we consider how many hints have been given j during the many centuries past for the preservation j of fruits, it is remarkable that the present enor mous industry in that line had not been invented j earlier. It shows the advanntages of what is called abstract studies. When by the invention of the 1 microscope it was found that rot and decay were the result of the action of small organisms, and that not even these fungi could develop without atmos pheric air, it was the most natural thing in tho world that successful canning of frnits shonld fol- 1 low ; yet the hint has long ago been given in con nection with many things, and especially in the preservation of butter. The old Gardeners' Mon thly recorded a number of cases where butter had been fished out Of wells, where it had dropped from vessels suspended over the water for the sake of the cold temperature. These lamps of butter, in many cases a century old, were found just as fresh and good as the day they were churned. Kept from the atmosphere no parasitic fungus could attack it. Recently, butter has been found at the bottom of bogs in the old world. It is believed in some cases'"'" to be nearly a thousand years old, and yet entirely fresh and good. These hints certainly are of great value to the practical person who desires to see a money value in every scientific idea. The Great Melbourne Sporting Case.— Refer ring to this matter in a recent issue the Sportsman says : — The plaintiff's costs, so far, amount to about £750, while the defendant's expenses probably ex ceed £1500, Of this latter amonnt I believe Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.C., receives a cheque for 300 guineas for his ten days' services, while his juniors, Messrs Mitchell and Isaacs, will between them probably draw other three 'centuries.' In the event of the plaintiff deciding to saddle up and weigh out afresh to fight out the dead heat over the same course, though possibly under a new judge, he will really be taking less than a three to one maximum about his chance — £4250 to £1500 in fact, even assuming that the jury award him the full amount of the damages claimed (£5000). He would be betting eveu money that he'd get a verdict for £1500, and £1500 to £750 that he would retrieve his original stake (£750). Rather a plucky venture this in the teeth of the Chief Justice Vsuunning up ! 