LATEST TELEGRAPHIC. Lismore, Friday 7 p.m. THELismore AgriculturalSociety has decided to hold its next annual show on 30th and 31st January, IS05. Six applications were received for the office of Secretary, and Mr. G. T. Hindmarsh was appointed at a salary of £30 per annum. Mr. Ewing is addressing the electors here to-night, and it is generally anticipated he will be re-elected. Rev. Mr. Moulton, President of the Wes- leyan College, Newington, has arrived here to visit the parishes on Sunday. Men are arriving for engagement to the Colonial Sugar Co. far in excess of the number required. A young man named Alexander M'Lean, son of Mr. J. M'Lean, J.P., of Wilson's Ridge, died very suddenly to-day. He was appar- ently quite well at ll o'clock, had dinner at 12, and, complaining of a slight headache, died in about an hour. Sydney. Thursday. THE Postal authorities in Wellington, New Zealand, are advised that the American rail- roads over which the San Francisco mails are carried have been closed, and authority is asked.for the Monowai to be sent to Van- couver for the English mailsfor New Zealand. A conference of delegates from the Pastures and Stock Boards of tho colony yesternight passed a motion affirming that the spread of anthrax was becoming so serious that the Government should urge the passing of ii Consolidated Stock Pastures Bill at the earliest possible moment. At a meeting of sheep breeders held yester- night, ¡twas decided to form an association for the purpose of holding an' annual sheep show.. The sheep sales continued yesterday, good prices being obtained. \- Directors of the Bank of New - Zealand decided to issue the whole of £2,000,000 worth of preference shares at once. - The Bee-keepers Convention, opened in the Technical College yesterday, decided to form a co-operati%*o company for the.disposal of their products. '. i... ? ? Mr. Slattery addressed a large'- political meeting at. Murrumburrah, in the course" of which he said he would rather see Sydney and its suburbs reduced to ashes than have the laws af .the country, which people them- selves made, placed in the hands of agitators. Mr. Reid, speaking at Armidale in support of Mr. Lonsdale's candidature, said that i t was nonsense to talk about a land tax of Gd in the £. Their party would not exceed one penny,' and would remit , the Customs duties on all necessaries, of life, retaining the duties on luxuries only for revenue purposes. He wanted to seo about one million pounds in taxes taken off the Customs and placed on unimproved land values. If this were done, according to calculations, farmers would reap three times the benefit from the remis- sion of. Customs duties'to make up for a laud tax of one penny per acre. The meeting was very lively nt times, but oh tho whole tho speaker was accorded a fair hearing. Sir Henry Parkes addressed a large and enthusiastic meeting nt Glebe on tho present Eol¡tical situation. The veteran sketched riefly thc development of the constitution, and he exhorted electors to turn their hacks upon , men» who put on their political pro- fessions - for the- occasion. ?-. He- contended that to talk about sinking the fiscal, question was sheer humbug and delusion. The ques- tion was so important that it was: impossible to sink it, unless they were prepared to sink also the manhood of their rights us freemen. Ho would rather give his support to an earnest sincere Protectionist than a mere pretender in Freetrade. They wanted men of'such-material as would not he cajoled or deterred by any threat from doing their duty. ? . The.Premier returned to Sydney yester- night from'.Bathurst, where ho addressed a series of meetings on behalf of Mr. Suttor. Sir George is of opinion that his visit will be productive of good results, so far as Mr. Suitor's re-election is concerned. The Pre- mier left'shortly after for Tamworth to continue his electioneering cnnvnss, and ex- pects to return to Sydney on Saturday. . Mr. Wood, Under-secretary for Mines, and Mr. W. S. Campbell, chief clerk of the Agricultural Department, have submitted a report to tho Minister for Mines in refer- ence ta> the mulberry plantation at Booral, leased by the Government from the Austra- lian Agricultural Company. It is proposed to provide sericultural stations in other parts of the colony, tho principal station for educational purposes being that established at the Hawkesbury College farm. An ex- perimental station of 80 acres will also be established at Wollongbar, Bichmond River. Fully 500 passengers left yesterday for New Zealand by the Tasmania and Mararoa. The Labor Electoral League's manifesto to . workers has been issued ; it conjures the people to vote against treacherous miscreants who at this critical hour : are attempting to ruin the Labor cause by masquerading in the guise of its friends. Once in three-'yenrs workers are elevated from the lowly position of dependence to one of supreme authority, is the; 'description"; gi von of;.the* general election in the manifesto. ' ? . . v. -r i ; s Exports from Sydney for the past half-" year show a fallingoff of £208,000, but the contraction of imports totals £1,107,000. ' In regard tb the tariff war with Victoria, tho Railway Commissioners think that dif- ferent treatment should have been accorded to them by the sister colony..' -p.-v.-'?.'?<;?'.? ¡ It is understood that' the Government have had'under consideration the question of proclaiming July 17 a public holiday. ' With the exception of the Premier, it is believed that the Ministers are favourable to the day being proclaimed a- holiday.-* Sir George, however, is quite obstinate on the point ; he says, that he sees no reason whatever for such'a concession. .?-?..'-??"?' Sydney, Friday. POLITICAL meetings have been held in almost every ; district in the city and suburbs, and the battle is being urged with increasing vigour. The Protectionist, Freetrade, ana Local Option parties hope to issue a com- plete list of candidates to-day. ...... Recent failures in (he produce trade have engendered a feeling bf uneasiness, and mer- chants seem little disposed to push business. The 4th of the month passed over satisfac- torily, and very few bills were returned dishonored. Speaking at St. Leonards yesternight, Sir Henry Parkes said he placed the great ques- tion of the union of the Australian colonies before everything else, although freetraders were quito willing to let tho Fiscal question rest pending the union' of tho colonies, pro- vided the others were willing to do so. He would not, however, allow the others to take one step further by making the tariff more in opposition to freetrade principles than at present. ! He was accorded a unanimous vote of confidence amid enthusiastic cheers. ; Mr. C R. Valentine has been appointed to represent New South Wales as Produce Commissioner in England. The Executive of thé T.oeal Ontinn Leacne has, reported that 184 candidates stated tfiey are - in . favor of full local option without compensation. At yesterday's sittings of the Beekeeper's Convention, the chairman, Rev. J. Ayling, relinquished the position because the meet- ing would not abide by his decision. It is estimated there are 74S0 kanakas employed in connection with the sugar industry in Queensland. Shipowners are advised by tho Board of Health that in consequence of the prevalence of small pox in "Western Australia, it will be desirable not to ship passengers for this colony who are not vaccinated immediately previous to embarkation, ns there may bea necessityforsevere restrictions being imposed Yesterday morning the steamer Jenny Lind lately fitted out for whaling on the coast, chased eight large whales from eight miles south-east of Sydney Heads to abreast of Broken Bay. They were going very fast and spouting tho whole time. The steamer got alongside them six times, and Captain Young fired several shots, but without effecting a capture. From the way two of them splashed wuter high over the steamer, it is supposed they were badly hit, but were too quick in recovering. They got away before the whale boat could reach them for a final attack. / For. the quater ending June, 2000 mar- riages, 50S2 births, and 3G00 deaths were registered in the colony. i A domestic servant named Annie Shehan, employed at Darlinghurst, died under some- what peculiar circumstances yesterday morn- ing. She went into a bathroom, and was subsequently fouud.lying on the ground quite unconscious. The room was full of gas, which evidently escaped from the heater. Death ensued shortly after. At the inquest a verdict of accidental death was recorded. It is rumoured that a rich discovery of gold-bearing country has been made within 14 miles of Hobart. The particulars are kept secret. A second report on the Mount Huxley property, prepared by Mr. Mont- gomery, bas been published, and confirms the accuracy of the first report, but contains little or nothing additional. Mr. Montgomery stated that he discovered proof of the fact that the property was extensively salted. In the New Zealand House of Representa- tives Sir Robert Stout's Gaming Bill was read a second time. The measure sunnresses toto betting, and reduces the number of days on which the totalisator may be used to 75\. It provides against betting with children. The United Laborers Union have resolved that no Parliamentary candidate, or. his supporter, will be authorised to use the name of the Association for electioneering pur- poses. Mr. Lyne addressed a boisterous meeting at St. Peter's yesternight. He said when he accepted office over £1,250,000 worth of iron work was imported for his own department alone, which he stopped, and gave work to men in the colony. Referring to the duty on sugar he said that in 1880 he went up to the'' Richmond River in connection with building a railway there. At that time there were 8000 inhabitants there, and every farmer thought it would be necessary to have a sugar mill of his own. They came to the brink of ruin, hut the ^ Colonial Sugar Co. spent about £750,000 in developing the sugar industry. In 1803 there were 30,000 inhabi- tants, and the district, was one of the most prosperous tn the colony. The meeting broke up with cheers for Freetrade. - , Several complaints have been made against the action of the Freetrade Council forselect ing candidates to run for certain constituent cies who are alleged to have not the ghost of a show, whilst many whose election is looked upon ros almost certain, are completely ignored. 'A, number of! these accuse the selection committee of extreme partisanship, and refuse.point-blank to abide by the de- cision of that body. The sheep suies continued yesterday, and considering the times, were most successful in every way, the whole of the sheep being cleared out at highly satisfactory prices. . ?? At Newcastle yesternight Mr. Eeid ad- dressed a gathering of about 2000 persons. Referring to the leadership of the Freetrade party, he said he would not allow any in- trigue to deprive him of it. He hoped none of his party had , the idea of shooting the general when victory was won.' He did not stand before them ns the puppet of some greater man.; Some people thought he had no fight in him ; but that was a mistake. He was determined to acquit himself like a man, and the record he would leave, behind him would be that of a man who never quitted the post of duty till it became a post of dis- honor. * With regard to the confession of the man Osborne, the Sydney police do not place the slightest credence in his statements. He was known for certain to be in Sydney at the time the Barraba murder was committed, and did hot leave to go north. The authorities are satisfied that he merely made the confession to gain notoriety in gaol, os he had a long sentence to,serve. The whole of his state- ments bristle with inconsistencies os to when and under what circumstances the tragedy was perpetrated. A special escort is to leave Londonderry mine, Coolgardie, next week for Perth, with gold specimens valued nt £10,000. A report recommending^ the establishment of silk growing stations in various parts of the colony has been approved of by tho Minister for Agriculture. , There are at present 332 boys oh board the training ship Sobraon. Considerably over 3OO0 youngsters have been dealt with during the past 28 years. ' ' Sydney, Friday, 7 p.m. PRIME sheep ; are firm, others weaker ; wethers 4s to 4s 103. 830 cattle were yarded, prime dearer, others weak, bullocks £2 to £4 17s. - A rann named Robert Johnson, who has already served a lengthy sentence for swind- ling various firms by collecting subscriptions ostensibly: towards railway traffic pictures, was again before the Court to-day, on ¡a similar charge, and sentenced to six months hard labour. . The Beekeepers' Conference have resolved that a deputation wait upon the Crown Law Department for the purpose of ascertaining what steps can be taken to prevent the sale of, adulterated honey,- Mr. Guthrie, of the Agricultural Department, stated that ho had analysed Ave samples purchased at different shops, in the city, and. found three badly adulterated. A heavy fog enveloped theHarbour all the morning, in consequence of which navigation was seriously, impeded. ??>,?;? A deputation of pastoralists to-day waited on "Mr.'Harrie Wood, Under- secretary for Mines and Agriculture, und urged that in view of the opinion of the Attorney-General, itwns necessary that a short bill be passed to legalise regulation-0 of the Diseases in Sheep Act giving power to Boards to recom- mend remission of travelling charges. Mr. Wood said the practice of the Department showed it recognised the justice of the regu- lation, and promised to bring the matter under the notice of the Minister. He ques- tioned, however, whether the measure would be made retrospective. '-.-? . The .-missing word competition has been Sut,a stop to by the Law authorities, who ecided that the practice was illegal. Notice is to he given to newspaper proprietors in question, that competitions will not bo per- mitted in future. The matrimonial case, Weir v. Weir, was continued at Adelaide, when Dr. Popham, co-respondent, went into the box and swore that Mrs. Weir's statement that ho seduced her while acting as medical attendant to her family, was absolutely false, and that ' the plot-was concocted with the husband to obtain damages from him. An unknown woman, of respectable ap- pearance, was found dead in an unoccupied house in St. David's-street, Fitzroy, Mel- bourne, this morning. The body was par- tially undressed, and 'tho clothes disar- ranged. Murder was afc first suspected, but further inquiries < showed that the woman went to her house yesterday afternoon, and groans wore heard last night. The Londonderry-mine. Coolgardie, has been purchased by Bugelhole for £50,000, and a sixth interest. It is understood the purchaser is acting for a company which has been formed in Perth. -, Melbourne, Tlrarstlay.1 MINISTERS of the Crown met their support"' ers in caucus yesterday for tho purpose of an interchange of views on measures necessary to lift the colony out of its present depression. The meeting was full of en couragement to Ministers. The Government analyst has practically completed the analysis of a portion of the body of Lewis Juncker, submitted to him for report. He has no hesitation in stating that death was caused by arsenic. The Chief Commissioner of Police has obtained permission from the Solicitor General to exhume the body of the husband and children of Mrs. Needle. In tho Assembly, tho Premier informed Mr. Stuart yesterday that ho would be glad to make a beginning with Federation by a union with N.S. Wales, and that he did not care about coquetting with Tasmania, al- though ho was desirous of keeping on the best possible terms with that colony. Melbourne, Friday. A CONVICT in Pentridge, named Osborne, made a startling statement, implicating him- self in the murder of Mackay, the bank man- ager, at Barraba. The man is undergoing heavy sentences for house breaking anil rob- bery. Ho was sentenced for robbery under arms, and said he was enticed into the .'sticking up;" that he, with Lee, committed the murder, and subsequently rode about the country for two days. He then returned to Sydney. After a further delay of several days he carno to Melbourne, on 21st April. At the outset the prisoner's statement seemed complete and circumstantial, but detectives Dingey and Carter asked for details. These quickly demonstrated that the whole story was false. The convict is under a mistaken impression that the murder occurred on 10th April, as a matter of fact it happened oh the ISth April. The Visiting Justices will be called upon when next they go to Pent- ridge, to consider the man's conduct, and to award suitable punishment. The Assembly rejected the Totalisator Bill by 2S to 10. The necessary formalities for exhumation of the bodies of Henry Needle and his two children. Elsie and May, have boen coni Eleted. It is arranged that the graves will ! e opened next Tuesday, and surgical exam- inations of tho bodies be made. If possible, ! the charge of murder will be formally entered against.|Mrsi Needle. There was a crowded congregation'at St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Cathedral yester- day morning, when. the solemn office of Requiem Mass, for the repose of the soul of the late President Carnot was celebrated. Archbishop Carr said that President Carnot's tragic death filled Europe with dismay and sorrow, and imprinted a deep stain on the civilisation of the world. The crime seemed to be an outcome of the anti- social and anti-religious system, which would aim at dethroning the Almighty Ruler of the world, and getting rid of all who wielded legitimate I authority under bis name. : M Detective Wnrdly arrested ayoung woman named Lily Cooper, on board the Aramac, on a charge bf abducting a girl under the age of 15 years, named Esther Field, from her home in Sydney. The arrest was made at the instance of the Sydney police. , Auckland, Thursday. THE Royal hotel at Hamilton was destroyed by fire. The ? inmates had a narrow escape, but nil were rescued, except the servant girl, Who was burned to death. The House of Representatives resolved, by 27 to 24, to abolish the sale of strong drink in the Parliamentary refreshment room. The Supreme Court have cancelled certain wholesale spirit licenses granted by a magis- trate in Clutha,. a prohibition district, as being agninst the interpretation of.the local option clause in the new licensing law. Perth, Thursday. THE find at theLondonderry mine still excites general interest; crowds are making pil- grimage , to tho: workings. The stone is so rich generally that it is felt the prospectors ought not to have kept the discovery a secret, The Star of East crushing of 140 tons resulted in a yield of 285 ounces. Brisbane, Thursday. PBELISIINARY steps have been taken toward the establishment nf a sugar mill, under the Guarantee Act, on Petrie's Creek, near Nam- bour. The movement to obtain the promise of a sugar mill at Glanmorgan Hale, on con- dition of a sufficient area of cane being grown, is progressing. 