Chapter VI. Brought up before the magistrates at New port, Patrick Blake was charged "on sus picion " of having abducted and made away with Miss Catherine Power, of Craig Castle, and with having, on a former occasion, offered her personal violence. Peter Linnie, who appeared for the prisoner, laughed the charge to scorn. Captain Kennedy proved that the missing lady had gone about in bodily fear of her cousin, and had asked for police protection. He also produced the cloak and blood stained handkerchief which had been found near the spot of the assault, and they were identified as the property of Miss Power. J The car-driver, Feeny, testified to the' assault itBelf on the momentous evening, but, cross-examined by Linnie, he was unable to swear positively as to the number or appearance of the assailants. Im mediately on their appearance he had been knocked down and rendered insensible; on his recovery he had distinctly heard his mistress's voice screaming for help some dis tance away; and, instead of hastening to her assistance, he had driven off to give the alarm to the police. Among the witnesses called was Mr. Lang ford, who seemed greatly annoyed and grieved at being questioned at all. His evidence seemed of very little im portance, until Peter Linnie rose to cross examine him. "You knew she was a fairly wealthy lady?" " Certainly." "And yon yourself were a very poor man?* ■ " Not a rich main, at any rate." - " Not a rich man, at any rate. So it came, into. your head, maybe, that it might be ai good thing ifyou could persuade her to Bh&re; ] her wealth with you ?* Langford's eyes Hashed angrily. ; ." I certainly did ask her to beoome my wife,'! he' replied. 0 " Did eke consent 1 1 " Np, ahe rafused.", | " Oboe, or more than onoeT ! " More than .ppce." ,« : " AhdyPuwere aware attfaat tame that there, wae anothei: Richmondin Abe field? i 'lhafhercouain, Mr. Blake, bad proposed to "No." , : ■ " No?. Come now, didn't yPn know it?' " I thought it was possible, but I had no actual knowledge of the fact." " That will do for me. Yon knew then that Von had a rival, and that the more yon could discredit htm, th? better yonr own chanoe might be." " 1 never gave him the slightest thought or consideration." . -.v-.--, " " Miss Power disappeared, you ibe barracks andgkve certain to make inquiries,. that your rival, Mr. Blake, might be the guilty person?" " Nothing of the kind. It was suggested to me that he might be guilty, but I could not believe it." " But you believe it now ?" The reply was remarkable. " No! I do not believe it 1" Even Peter Linnie was astonished. He. sat down triumphant, and then rose to call hiB own witnesses. John Carey and Michael Conolly swore positively that on the afternoon and even ing of the 7th January the prisoner was in their company, and that he could not pos sibly have been concerned in an attack which took place many miles away. Mary Carey gave evidence to the same effect. The magistrates were puzzled. Not that they attached any serious importance to the evidence for the defence; in that part of Ireland perjury is bo common among the lower classes that it is frequently the custom not to swear certain witnesses at all, and the impression in this case was that, if Blake was guilty, the persons brought forward to prove an alibi were simply his confederates. Bnt in point of fact there was no real evi dence whatever against the prisoner, and the magistrates were at a loss what to do. At this point Captain Kennedy asked for a remand. While the magistrates were hesitating and consulting how to proceed, a man entered the court and handed a letter to Mr. Langford. Then an extraordinary incident occurred. Still very pale, and now greatly excited, Mr. Langtord rose up, holding in his hand the letter which he had just received. "One moment, if yon please," he said. " I must ask you to discharge the prisoner at once. I hold in my hand the proof of his complete innocence." A murmur of amazement went round the room. "The proof? What proof?" asked the magistrate. "A letter from the person chiefly con cerned." " Of whom are you speaking?" " Of Miss Catherine Power." The murmur grew to a roar. "Miss Power" proceeded Langford, "is alive and perfectly well, and it is her wish that Mr. Blake should be at once set at liberty." He handed up the letter, which ran as fol lows :— "To Mr. Langford. "Oblige me by informing tbe magistrates at New port that I am safe at home in Craig Castle, and that the inquiry into my fate need go no further. Request them to release my cousin from custody without an instant's delay. I have no charge to make against anyone whatever. " Catherine Power." The news came like a thunder-clap on all Concerned. There could be no doubt about >t—the letter was in her handwriting. As Blake walked from the court accom panied by his friends, he passed close to Langford, who stood like a man dazed and overwhelmed. Their eyes met, and Blake said between his set teeth— "Don't forget what I promised you. I mean to keep my word." And as Langford shrugged his shoulders and turned wearily away, Blake added to Mary Carey— " I'll be even with him, for having me arrested like a dog." Fast as his horse could trot, Father O'Donnell hastened to the Castle, and Cap tain Kennedy $at beside him on the car. On arriving at the Castle, they found that the newB was perfectly true. Early that forenoon, the mistress of the house had quietly returned home on foot, as if nothing unusual had occurred. She seemed a little fatigued, that was all, and went at once to her room, whence, shortly afterwards, she despatched the messenger to Langford. They were shown up into her boudoir, where they found Catherine seated dressed in a loose morning wrapper, and with her beautiful hair flowing loose over her shoulders. She looked pale and worn, with dark rings of fatigue round her eyes, but held out her hand to them with a smile. Tears of joy rolled down the good priest's face, as he sank on his knees braide her and offered up his thanks to God for her preserva tion, Then the fervour-of the priest gave way to the curiosity of the man. " And now. my child, tell us all about it! What has happened, acnshla machree ?" " Unfortunately, I can tell you nothing," she replied gently. " All my wish now' is to forget what has happened. It is over—let it be forgotten." " But, my dear child " " My couBin is at liberty, I hope ?" she said, addressing Captain Kennedy. " Yes, miss," was the reply. "They re leased him at once on the arrival of "your letter." " I am glad of that. The affair, then, will go no further ?" "Itcan't, miss, unless you yourself take action." " I shall not do so," said Catherine with a sigh. Sorely puzzled, Captain Kennedy took his leave. He had still no doubt whatever that Blake, in some mysterious way, was concerned in Catherine's disappearance, and he was quite at a loss to understand her apathy in the matter. Father O'Donnell remained alone with Catherine. They talked together quietly for some time, and then, her beautiful eyes full of tears and her voice choking, Catherine said—: " What I wouldn't tell to my dearest friend 1 wish now to confess to my priest and she knelt before him and made confes sion. As she proceeded his astonishment in creased, and when she bad finished he was pale as a ghost with mingled wonder and indignation. - Had a thunderbolt fallen at his feet, he couldn't have been more amazed. 