MARRIAGE IN RUSSIA. . When a young mania Russia takes a fancy to a maiden he sends bis mother or some other matrimonial medium to the parents of the girl to negotiate for ber dowry. \- Ab an incidental he has no objection to any chance affection ahe may bave to bestow along with it. Hie girl has no voice In the matter ; often has an offer of marriage accepted or rejected by proxy without knowing anything abont it. This custom has. one thing in its favor ; it certainly saves a great deal of wear and tear to her feelings. . The marriage settlement being satis factory tbe courtship begins. The yonth mast never go to the boase of bis betrothed without taking her a gift. A long courtship in this oonntry wonld be liable to bankrupt a man. However, it ia not the custom to linger long in tins primrose border land. A betrothal is almost ae binding ss marriage itself. There is never a slip between the cup and toe Up, save for very grave and serious reasons. At toe betrothal feast the girl cnte off a lock of ber hair in the presence of witnesses, in order that it may be authentic; and gives it to her betrothed, who in turn gives her a silver ring set with tnrqnois. These rings are kept at heirlooms in the family, bnt never must uiBjr ou uuirj twice, io ey never use a second -hand engagement ring in Rossis. What becomes of the lock of hair, history does not Inform ns. It is safe to suppose, however, that it depreciates in value as the years roll on. A "well- to-do bride brings her husband a dozen shirts, a dressing go"wn, and a pair of ellpperB. She is supposed to have spun the flax and woven the cloth aud made the garments with her own hands. The fact is, ehe often buys them ready-made, as we do in America in this ready-made age. Before the wedding the dowry is ou exhibition and is blessed by the priest. Thus we see that in Russia as well as other places nearer home, the most in teresting part of toe ordinance of holy matrimony is the aValanohe of good clothes it brings with it. In toe upper and middle classes the , briaegroon gives a bachelor dinner the | night before toe wedding. The bride- elect at the same time goes with her friends to the bath. At the appointed time the bridegroom comes to claim his bride. She falls upon her knees before ber parents and craves forgiveness for the follies of ber youth. They kiss her, giving her bread and salt, typifying the necessities of Ufa, leaving the door open behind ber when ehe goes ont, indicating toat she still has a home in her father's house. We bave now toe bappy fair at toe altar, with lighted tapers in the bands | to eignuy aspiranon, tne ioua voice or the priest uttering a abort prayer ; the ring which they exchange with each other in token of toe trinity, and the cap of wine from "which they drink, s symbol of eternal love. Three .times toe bride parades around the altar with a crown of gilt held jnst above ber head, by an important functionary whom Bhe chooses for the office, bnt he must on no scoount tread on toe hem of her garment or derange her' headdress, as he will be denounced by the lookers-on for a heretic. This personage has also other con nubial porterage to look after. He most attend to toe lighted topers and carry the piece of carpet upon which the couple are to kneel for toe priest's blearing. By the way, the one who is first to touch tola bit of carpet with the foot is supposed to rule tbe domestic kingdom. It is only fair to say that the bride uBually gets there on time. Thus ends tbe symbolic marriage. Although toe service of toe Greek church 1b more dramatic and fuller of eignificantdetall thsD the Roman church, and that la elaborate, compared with the German -or Protestant ohurcb, yet in Russia they do not waste much real sentiment on marriage. There are parties who regularly contract for marriage unions, a kind of real estate agency in connubial felloity, opon which they get s percentage of tbe spoils. There were marriage fairs held formally in St. Petersburg and Moscow, but now only in provincial towns, where men aud maids resort. The rich men may take his pick. Sometimes people travel long journeys to attend these fairs. Now, however, the better classes do not, ao they are tbe popular resort of eervaut girls wbo get a week's leave of absence for the marriage fair and often come back unwedded, but as mnch demoralized as a colored cook in the south of our own land after a camp- meeting. In this blessed laud of Russia, where more than half mankind are women,' ' old maids are very scarce. "When a woman is not married at 25 ehe disappears from view, goes on a pilgrim-age or ronnd of travels, and comes back poring in society as a widow. Etiquette in Russia forbids any allusion to a lady's dead husband in ber presence. You see a woman's life in that land is not complete without the adjunct of a husband, or even tbe ghost of a husband, to rive it a kind of cold respeotability. — Detroit Tree. Press. 