LADY OLIVIA'S OPALS. A LADY'S MAID'S RENISCE5CE I can't say I ever took to my Lady Olivia, though I lived so long with her, and, after her own fashion, she behaved well to me. She was one of your flash. ing, dark-eyed beauties, haughty as an emptesa, expecting all around her to worship and obey her, and caring no more for human love-aye, not so much as the great mastiff at her father's gate did, and yet winning it almost without an effort, if one were to judge by the crowd of suitors that sprang up wherever she went. She had been married when only eighteen to a gentleman of lower birth than herself, hut of immense wealth, and on his death, which happened only four months after their union, she returned to her tather's house and declared her intention of remaining a widow to the end of her life. She said that to the world; but I, who waited on lhar day and night-I, who saw her in all her moods-knew better. For two years, however, she kept to her intention, and though, what with her beauty and wealth, she had suitors of all ages and all ranks, she reached the age of twenty without encouraging any. But all that camo to an end, at I knew it would. She fell in love at last-vec, veritably in love. Hubert Berris was a dark, stern, haughty-souled man, every inch a nobleman, but, to my mind, much more fit to inspire dread than love. His family was ancient, more ancient, I believe, than Lady Olivia's, and it was even more distinguished, having been particularly fruitful in statesmen and admirals. They were also rich. So, altorether, the world said Lord Hubert Berris and Lady Olivia St. Marlow would be well matched. Somehow my lady seemed to change from that time, not so much in her outward conduct, for in society she was still the same proud, cold, queetn like creature; but in her private life, in the hours when she sat in that magnificent dressing-room, with, my eyes alone watching her, she seemed, as it were, to throw off her old self and let the new peep out. Shi was in love, intensely in love, and somehow it seemed to flash up in her great, dark eyes with a power that un?de one alnost frightened, for it gave onr a gli,npse of the true fierceness of her nature. She wag: terribly rest eas, too, nal althouga she moved like an animated statue before the world, she paced up and down her suite of apartments occasionally like one de mer.ted. What had come over her I kt.ew not, but at length -ome words of her own gave me ssuspicion. We were sorting jewellery, and, under her direction, I was packing up that which was to be taken with her on her tour, and setting aside the rest for alteration at the jeweller's, when we happened to come across a large opal brooch of singular workmanship. I observed my Lady set it aside im mediately, and then, as a ring of the same antique workmanship appeared, she gave a little start and let it drop. Why, Morton i she began, and then she paused, and seemed almost to hold back her words, whilst her great, dark eyes fastened on nie with a look which seem.el to try and pierce any very soul. I was not afraid of her, though, and so I looked her back in her white face, and answ\vered : Well, mny lady For a minute or two she was silent, hut, in spite of her pride and hauteur, I knew she was burning to tell me something-aye, and it would out, too, if I waited her time patiently. I went on sorting the jewels, therefore. Morton, at length said her ladyship, did you know that ring was in this casOiet Yes, my lady. I found it on, the floor near your ladyship's dressing table yesterday, and put it in myself. On the floor l she echoed, and then she took it up and gave another little start. One of the opals is gone, she cried. Yes, my lady. I noticed that when I picked it up, but it was nowhere about the floor, for I looked carefully. Of course. I know you would, but \- Again, however, she paused, and then slhe got up and began paring up and down in one of her wild, fierce moods, aid I let her alone, for I knew it was scarcely safe to speak to her then. Suddenly, however, she came up to me of hler own eaccord, and putting her two hands heavily on my shoulders, said. in a low, hissing tone: 3Iortori, tell me, bow did that ring come there On my life, my lady, I answered, I don't know. You would swear he did not give it you to give mse. Her eyes were awful to look upon as she said that, and for once I did feel frightened of her. He, my lady l I don't know who you mean. Why, Gaston St. Marlow, my dead kausband. That ring was on his finger. Itc was my last gift to him. He died with it on. He was buried with it. lmon't you remember noticing it on his finger in tlhe coffin ! Law! my lady, Ishivered; hut as she spoke I took up the ring and looked atit, and then it suddenly did strike me that I had seen that opal on the dead man's hand. How came it there, then 1 Had the cot~in been robb-d I or- AhI an awful idea suddenly darted through my mind, and raising my eyes, I under stood the fierce trouble of those burn ing orbs of Lady Olivia. Morton, she exclaimed, shuddering, I should go mad if this marriage were broken off. I love Hubert Berris better than my own soul ! SAnd then she turned back to her wild pacing up and down the room. Days passed after that and though I saw inothiig to throw more light on my dark suspicion of Lady Olivir's trouble it rather gained ground inmy mind than otherwise. She was haunted by some fear-some fear that might bring about a rupture with Lord Bobert Berrie, and I felt that it hIad connection with her dead husband. I kept my own counsel, but i also kept my own watch. I recollect I was awaiting my lady's return from a hall just three days befcrethe wedding day, when, suddenly, I heard the door open quickly behind me. and, looking round, I saw my lady, -looking white as a ghost, glide quickly In. I had heard no carriage drive up, and no bell, though the dressing ronrom wan in front of the boose. To my surprids, too, instead of being in her pink satin and diamonds, as I had last seen her, my lady was dressed in a morning walking dress, particularly unpre tending looking. She came up to me quickly. Mforton, she said, in a low, stern tone, I think you are tolerably true when you once give a promise. Listen to me. If you will come with me and swear noc to reveal what I am about to tell you, and to do, I will give you a hundred pounds down, and as much again when I am married. Hark you, girl, are you bold I It takes a good deal, my lady, to frighten me. Yes, but could you look on a dead man's face without fainting 1 Could you dare to visit the dead t She hissed out these words; grasping my arm and gazing fiercely into my face, and then, as I turned shudderingly away, she seemed to quiet down. Morton, she skid, almost humbly, for her, I am in great toulle. I am pursued by a terrible fear, and I am either being driven mad by a fancy or a fiend. Listen: To-night, for -the -third time since my engagement to Lord Hubert, I have seen the face of my dead husband not in fancy, but in living, breathing, ghastly earnest. Impossible ! my lady, I exclaimed, horrified. I asw Mr. St. Marlow's coffin carried to the vault with my own eyes. She put up her hands and covered her eyes. This doubt is horrible and if Hubert had a suspicion of it, all would be over. I am going mad, but I have come to a determination, for, come what will, I will not be the dupe of anyone. Morton, I am bound on a terrible errand. Will you come with me s There was no need for her to say more plainly what sire meant, for I knew well enough what that large, rusty key belonged to, and for what purpose was that hammer and chisel and dark lantern. It was all horribly comprehensible. Throwing a shawl over mny head, I took up the strange tools and opened the window. I helped Lady Olivia to mount the low sill and get to the soft garden bed beneath, and then descended myself. We reached the dim, shadowy church -the entrance to the vault-and Lady Olivia pushed the key into the lock with almost fierce energy, and then with an effort she forced the great door back and we two women stood there, white and ghastly amid the mouldering dead ! The horror of that msoment I shall never forget. Look, said my mistress's voice suddenly, breaking the dead stillness. Morton, you know the coffin. Which is it I Tell me quickly. That one, my lady, the one to your right, I muttered, and then in spite of my awe of her, I could not for the life of me assist her, as, using all her force, she slowly and with difficulty drew the coffin out and then let it fall neavily on one end on the stones. Dead men don't feel, she muttered, with a ghastly smile. I covered my eyes, for somehow to see her face as she bent over that silver plate and read the inscription was worse than even the' ghastly sight of those piles of coffins, and when next I looked up it was because a terrible cry aroused use. Lady Olivia was standing like as if petrified with horror, and at her feet was the open coffin empty ! How I got that coffin back into its plani I know not. How I got my lady back safely into her room I know not. That night seemed always like some horrible dream, and I only remember bits and flashes of it. I did manage to set her to bed somehow, and then I gave her a draught to send her to sleep, for it was agony to me to watch her convulsive shiverings and hear her groans. I knew, too, that for my own sake it was as well to keep the night's work quiet. The next day, however, to my relief. Lady Olivia woke herself again, though I, who saw her before she was dressed, knew how she must have suffered to umake her c:sreworn and old looking in twelve hours. . My lady wasstill.lounging by the fiee in her dressing room when a message wa.s brought to her that Lord Hubert was below, and very muchi desired to be admittei to her presence for a few minutes, as it was a matter of im portance. Lady Olivia turned a' shade paler, but, pressing her lips firmly together, she gave the order to allow him to come up at once. And 1, of course, retired toan odjoining room. 'I solemnly declare 'I had no int tention of listening till I h:appened to go into a closet to hang up some dresses, and then I nioticed that every word of what was being said in the dressing room was distinctly audible. I could also see into the room. And then the temptation was too irresistible. I come to ask you rather an odd question, Olivia, said my lord. Do you happen to possess an opal'ring.' There was a si;ence, as if Lady Olivia hesitated.' Then, howevrer, she rose, and I hekrd her go to the casket of jewels, and I crept to the door'and knelt down to where I knew was a small crevice. And then I saw Lord Hubert take the ring and examoine it, with a dark frown. There is a stone missing. Yes. It has been gone for some time. And then my lord put his fingers in his watch pocket, and taking out a small stone he hleld it out towards my lady with a look on his face I shall never forget. There is the lost opal, he said. Lady Olivia St. Marlowr, need I tell you who gave me that, who warned me against your fatal hand, and that your sin is known. For an instant those dark, evil, beautiful eyes flashed up defiantly, hbut even she could not face Hubert Berris. The next instant she was crouching on the floor before him, with her face buried in her hands. Get up, woman, cried her former lover, sternly. I do not pretend to judge you, and I will not be less mericful Gaston St. Marlowr who rather than claim you for a wife, or expose you to the world, lives the obscure and humble life he does. Only, I will prevent your doing more harm. Gaston St. Marlow, enter. And then, to my horror, the door opened, and the man whom I had seen lying dead in his coffin four years ago walked in. No wonder Lady Olivia uttered that one long, shivering groan, which made even the two men almost shriek. Gaston St. Marlow walked sternly forward, and then, as L-dy Olivia sprang up, he stretched out his left hand, and I saw that one of the fiogeri wu misaing. Your crime was cleverly planned, Olivia. Your hypocrisy was perfect, and had it not been for my friend's love and fidelity, my beautiful and affectionate wife would have cunsigned me to my living tomb effectually. SWhat mean you I What means this horrible scene 4 muttered my lady, making a terrible effort to throw off her fear. I am about to explain. Listen. Thac ring-the opal ring, containing poison, and which your fond hand placed on mine--acted well. The little prick which, as you playfully squeezed my hand, it made acted " marvellously, and in twenty-four hours you wept, a widow, tears over my coffin. I should -have been burine, but my old friend, Eric Stones, hearing. ofmy decease, came to take a last-glance at me in the vault and fulfil a boyish promise. - My terror had always been that I might be buried alive, and I had ex torted a promise from him that, if he survived me he would come and open my veins, so that if by'any chance the life current flowed again, Ishould bleed to death in my tomb. It was the dead of night when; Eric crept to my coffin, and fulfilled his vow, and to his horror, the corpse rose up a few minutes after and called his name. He was skilled and strong, and he immediately bore me to.his house, and suspecting poison, administered such antidotes as saved me; and then, in searching, he found the ring. Sus pecting you Olivia,' he kept me hidden, and, closing the coffin again, allowed you to bury your husband, as you thought, and weep. your. false tears for him. Gaston i cried the horrified woman, but St. Marlow interrupted her. Speak not. Let me. not hear that deadly voice again. Mercy you - shall have, but make no attempt to marry, for, as certainly as you try, the opal ring shall appear again a witness against you. I saw my lady fall on the floor, and the two men left the room. Whether my lady suspected I knew that terrible secret I know not, but she gave me money ennough to settle and marry, and I left her service im. mediately. As for her ladyship, the last thing I heard of her was that she was the reigning belle of the Russian Court for some time, but that she was always strangely melancholy, and had at length committed suicide, it was supposed, though how was a mystery, as she was found lying on the sofa beautifully dressed, and without any wound. An opal brooch, however, was found in her bodice.-Tit Bite. Bread is the staff of human life, and advertising is the staff of business. 