WESLEYAN DISTRICT MEETINGS. SYDNEY EAST. The sessions of the Sydney East Wesleyan district meeting were continued in the ïïinûors-streot schoolroom yesterday morning in this session the lay men and ministers united in the transaction of business. The following laymen were present - Messrs Tr b Callaghan, S Howarth, J J Thomas, T N Brack, S E Lees, M L A, E Jessop, C. Williams, It Watkins, J Vickery, li Armstrong R Harper, J Johnston, W Symons, A Willard, W Humbley H Everingham, V Barnes, W btoyonson,J Austin, 1. E Corkhill E Baylis, W. J Wiseman J P , T Armstrong J. P. , J. A. Somerville J Rutledge, R V Boyd, G Thompson the president addressed a few words of welcome to too laymen, and the Rev. J A Nolan expressed the pleasure of the meeting at seeing Mr Watkins, who had been seriously ill amongst them again. The hours of session were fixed at 10 a in to 12 30 p m , 2pm to 4 p in and 2 30 p in to 9 30 p m A long discussion took place on the question of amalgamating the Cleveland-street with the Bourke-street circuit or some other circuit Randwick also sought to be united to some other circuit and Kiama sought the removal of a minister, unless a grant should be made from the sustentation society The Cleveland- street resolution was withdrawn, in the hope that relief would be afforded through the loan fund A resolution from Randwick asking for union with some adjoining circuit was passed The meeting proceeded to the election of a representative to accompany the chairman to the stationing committee, with the result that the Rev George Lane was elected by a large majority The Rev J A Nolan was elected the representative, and Messrs S E Lees, M.L.A., and K S Callaghan were appointed lay representatives to the distribution committee. It was reported that a parsonage had been erected at Manly of stone at a cost of £570 A site had been secured for a church at Helensburgh A parsonage had been secured at Wesley Church at a cost of £2000, with additions £100 There was no doubt Improvements and enlargements had been effected to the amount of SUNG, resulting in a debt of £98 £-141 had been raised It was shown by the report of the property secretary that there were 16 churches in the district, ID school buildings, and 16 parsonages, which, with land and improvements, had cost £114, 803 The debt amounted to £34,930. The question of loans occupied the committee for some time Harry trusts were in arrears, and the representatives concerned promised improvement The amount raised in behalf of the Church Susten- tation and Extension Society was £510, showing a decrease of £18 on the year, attributable to the continued depression The grants on account of circuit deficiencies next occupied the meeting Cleveland-street Mount Lachlan Randwick, Manly, Kiama, and Milton circuits sought relief Dio whole amount asked for was £b37 Amounts were recommended to be granted, but all these amounts will be subject to revision by the conference A special grant of £50 was recommended for the Rev J W Dowson, and furniture grant of £25 to Manly, also balance of grant for furniture to Newtown Grant to Kogarah of £2 7s 11d for supernumerary fund The evening session was occupied with the consideration of the general statistics and the work of God The Rev John Gardiner, B J Meek, Messrs W T Wiseman, C J McCoy, T S Austin, J b Callaghan, R Johnstone, Revs K A Corner, W. H George, M H Parkinson C Stead, G Lane and Dr Sailors took part in the conversation The following resolution was passed The sat tical returns having been presented to, and carefully considered by, this District Synod, we hereby record our heartfelt gratitude to the Great Head of the Church for the blessings of increase reach He has vouchsafed to us in some departments of our work, and we express our sorrowful regret that in some other departments there has apparently 1 seen a decrease we humbly deplore this, and confess to God our unfaithfulness, and pray for His merciful forgive ness and a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost We resolve also to reconsecrate ourselves to God and His service, to preach more earnestly the Gospel of Christ, to seek more tenderly and assiduously the salvation of our young people of our Sabbath schools and congregations, to day to our selves more thoroughly To thousand duties of our offices and His Church Vi of resolve also to give a hearty welcome the Roy Thomas Cook to the colony, and assure him of our prayerful and brotherly sympathy, to praise God for the encouraging successes which have attended the missions " The general returns showed a decrease in several iVnnrfmnnts. and an increase in others 