:with n areport tt a ot r dr' ta e rolve had beenrahi t in his ttmli ver . olver ,. .A• ds on the table:a itf inhloes rth u bodyr . TH h bullet, which 'e hhead had fitted tui c cha di . O nly? simillar to thie others wmcs the revolver contained. Both revolver and. cart. ridges were proved to have been bou1'i by Cadson within twenty-four hours'f the murder. He was known to has been at the house about. the time Ite crime had been committed. All thee things he fully admitted. Only ve: fact he denied, but this was the eviderey that chiefly condemned him. edna Dysart, the charmer, thra?r jealousy of whom he was suppoe th to have committed the murder, sworn to C seeing him close to the house ; ineed, she had spoken to him, but he m stragely enouigh had passed her, refusin, to r speak. The general evidence apinst him was so overwhelming that there I could he no doubt-of the issue. The prisoner had condemned himself l, his own admissions, yet he emphatically asserted bus innocence. The eventful day, of the trial ame. Counsel had labore; or- and aginst. The judge had summed up the points of the case; thI jury retired to consider. The breathless hush of suspense was E oppressive. The angel of death seemed almost visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve men entered and solemnly took ,theirseats. . -'Guilty or not gulthed I i" ';otuty • " " c A i-piercing shriek, aw" r ia burden o9, agony, rang ? "'e.c t court, and Edna e's unconun "-.: o borne out. t For the first time tbr ..r . -.d All through the trG.i' I: : =; wved with almost callous .in' :. c unmanned him. Ess u?v,d ihis race'ii I ..hishands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained e his manly bearing. V When asked if he had a ny reason to t :state why sentence of death should not I 'be passed on him, he drew himself up, and in a firm, clear voice said, " To-day my words are an empty sound: one day they will have great c power, though they will come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I aI 6 innocent. No man will believe me. I 4 ;-rh o uturo, because I believe irresistible aim, will bring truth to light. c Then I wish you to remember my words. 'Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the shameful curse of a murderer 8 on?ei?s head, will have the halo .of a martyr." - Th21 sn1tee of death was passed, the judge a voice being scarcely audible I amidst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demecnor of a hero, Herbert folded his arms to receive his -doom without a & quiver. To the last momentous words, a " May the Lord have mercy on your isoul !i"t he responded with a firm but teverent "Amen. "Mr: darter-HeHerbert's solicitor, was a disturbed in husoffice?bpa young lady whom he at first sfae o ;recognise as s Edna., What a marvellous ?,change! l Her Hliggard face, large eyes ,ooking larger from their sunken 'sookets, the la fierce determined expression of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise v inpite of himself Was this this the airy, v s?milidg creature of a few days ago? ii She had aged years. -He invited her to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. a " To free Herbert Cadson. He is b innocent, and I have discovered the a culprit." The lawyer looked at her, but p did not speak. "Perhaps you think me I ~mad. Well, I re lyenot been far from it. While you men have pit ed him I and wonderde -a weak woman, have worked." _ - " Have yo A evidence of your "Ample ?ie? murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert's. He d irore a pair of old goloshes with a cut 'pus the left sole. Herbert never pos- - ri d such things. On that night he wore' light suit; the other fellow wore Sda4 tweed suit with a red thread, 'retb o.' peculiar kind of material, _hiee weight, and much cheaper." a .?8 oin the name of all that is c ou learn this?" angs my tale. I believed a eb t nocent. Common sanse F told a nen aiwayc leaves a trace for p 'j;b.snc wish to see. n o one ever fjpor . pThey were satisfied with asuper- p ss lappearances. Knowingthe land- a : obtained permission to sgee the aio? I searched for hours without I was yielding to despair arO ii back into the garden. Smil rai~edo capered about me with some-a la g in?! his mouth. It was a handker- e c"hief. I took it. A glance made my heart stop-blood stains. I e~xamined c t he handkerchief as a' forlorn digger would gold dust. It was a woman's.b It was marked" P. t, Number four.' I reiognised it, and knew the owner. Ia smelt it. What a peculiar sent. I renewed my search with vigor. It was p evident the criminal hai escaped by the -back gate. Reviving hope fired mi. Inch by einch I scorutinised doors, walls I windows, anything and everything, large end small. For three days I hunted a unceasingly. My total discoveries were some t threads of cloth torn off while squeezing through a small window, blood stains onae the sash arising from a cut with a rusty b ait in the wood, footprints on the t grounid beneath the window. The I ground was soft enough to receive an v impression. Very close examination rvealed a peculamr imprint with s e t hir abcrose. An inspiration dawned upon me t -goloshes! From these links how i should I form a chain ? First, the I handkerchief. I went to Layoock's, the ic obushe , e FrapEa ed bis shop, but ls ad me ae taetandlike j I shot 5i: ? !q m Fold com to Mss Harvey, I ks; Iknaoj w, I got that 1 or her. I am sorry I have Ont of 'theshop. I was on H. '"'were Priscilla Har this washer handker t.? ght- to her house. `! :eigned losing my ° H =* -="'it. me the exact I had found .t u'ued Number .. 1"'i t she was in 1 si:;-. St::".:^'n handkerchiefs ,z .htatS M i 'zed and blushed. . he"r into cc assion. She had ;,,r le'nt b t :one. She told me to a?;',: . invluntarily jumped from my ., : hads enough self-control to -'.r' ar: myself. pretending I had as?umed astonishment. `Now I had fairly run down my game.. How should I get into his house' ? Providence saided me. You are an old man, and have known me' from infancy, so I can speak freely to you. At nes rt?e he paid me such attention that I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame. ; I 'fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately. Entice .hi h softest words and all your f fascination. From him and Sman you will learn and obtain o beyond my -wildest ? 9.1 ~'jhot weary you. with-the etails. By dint of coaxing and pre sents I induced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her my confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers with out his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he. had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Could I steal them for a day or two ? Buried in a comrner of the wardrobe I found a pair. I turned them up. There was a cant across'the sole of the left foot. I trem bled so violently I nearly let them drop. I took them to Musgrave's house ; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the chemist, who says they are identical. :"I-shave traced the suit of clothes. and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. But one thing remains un done. I swore I saw Herbert three .'f; after the mmder close to the .;, the house. . As Herbert is dark X;{hscnlprit is light he must have ice'd himself, which proves design. s'1:c airdreesr says he lent the eaau.a is" some wigs, whiskers, and so i s 'vate theatricals. Certainly no priva theatricals have taken place, while he had them before and returned after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning the. deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an hour before." " You astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness! It passes my comirehension." "Dbn't you think I have good grounds for his arrest ?" " Certainly. Who is he ?" " Mr Satley, the curate." Mr Carter fairly, leaped ~,from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little' time todsnbside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police, putting Fall details into6 hie possession. Two hours after the officer returned to -Mr Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy face. "It is all over, Mr Carter." " What, has he confessed ?" "Yes, in words and action. I was going up to Mr-Satley's house when I saw. him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a poxtmantean. This, with his face, made me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, but she should have consulted us before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed him. As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched him and advised him not to buy a ticket, as he would waste his money. He turned paler than Ham let's ghost. " "'God help mie. I was mad! It was all for lei,' he said, in a quivering voice. ? Please do not handcuff me,' he implored. " Very well, Mr Satley,' I replied. "Just then the shriek of 'an express whistle made e me start He dropped his bag and dashed across :the platform, I after him. He won the race. I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on- to 'the buffers, which hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mortuary now.'" Every cloud has a silver lining.' The sunshine of this narrative is seen in tw6 faces which reflect the joy of love united; so nearly destroyed by shame and death. 