FLOOR, \----'-o -0 By L. E. B. STEPHENS. We had a larger house than we required, but, like other people who are afflicted with a similiar encumbrance, we were not too proud to accept monetary compensation for the possession of the superfluous portion thereof. Hence, when Mr and Mrs Blobson, in response to the advertisement, took our two first-floor rooms, my wife was intensely relieved; for ever since we had come into the house-only a few weeks -she always had declared that the old place was haunted. At least, when I say old, do not mis understand me. The house suffered from the constitutional disease of jerry-buildism (ceilings falling periodically, pipes leaking, floors and windows shaking and all that sort of thing), and therefore its old age was premature. I think it is the Americans who say we have so many storeys to our houses that we do not start counting them till we reach about the third. But you know what I mean by first floor-the drawing-rooms ; only Mrs Titmas and I are such modest and truthful people, we don't like to use that phrase when they are not our drawing rooms. We had no references with Blobson. We are not suspicious people, Mrs Titmas and I, and that mild, inoffensive man's meek countenance was surely a guarantee of good faith in itself. However, no sooner had they got their furniture in-not even waiting to set it in order -than they announced to us that they were going for a few week's holiiay, and one fine morning they both took their - departure in a four wheeled cab, accompanied by a good-sized port manteau. From this moment my wife coneeived an in tense dislike for Blobson. The fact was that the former lady had been very anxious for company, and now they were taking them selves off again. Having obtained possession of their rooms and placed their household gods in them, they were surely at liberty to go or stay as they pleased ? Thus I argued, logically enough, asI thought ; but Mrs T. would none of such arguments. All she knew was that she was unce G dilur o le Fjlairo ruL innt - protected, for she always reckoned me as no body-I suppose because man and wife are one, and that one is the wife. Anyhow, the Blobsons went away, their rooms remained locked ut, and our majestic halls were wrapped in silence. After this a great number of letters came for them, and a great many people called, all of whom seemed disappointed and some incredulous when we told them that they had gone for a few weeks, and we knew not whither. Evidently -Menasseh Blobson was a man who was much sought after. It was the next night subsequent to their de parture-" that night I shall never forget," as the popular song says-when I was sud denly awakened by a gentle punch on the part of my better half. " Hark, Timothy !" she cried. " Wake up, for goodness sake! What's that noise? I'm sure will be the death of me." "Wind, perhaps," I replied, drowsily. Another gentle push. This time I sat bolt upright and rubbed my eyes. Yes, there was a strange noise-a stealthy, uncanny creaking of the staircase. I jumped out of bed, struck a light, seized the poker and dashed out into the passage. I should here explain that our bedchamber was what, under normal circumstances, would have been the back parlor, and was, therefore, directly beneath Blobson's unoccupied rooms. In the passage I stood, having softly closed the door behind me, but not a sound was to be heard; only down the stairs there blew an ice cold, death-like blast, which made me shudder. This was all the more strange as I had closed all doors and windows. Ah, what was that? I could almost have sworn that a tall, shadowy form stood in the corner; but as I charged it, poker in hand, it seemed to disappear into the gloom-that is, if it ever had been there, and was not a creature of my imagination. Then I. returned to our bedroom, where I found my wife in her dressing-gown, standing in the centre of the floor, looking as white as any orthodox ghost herselt. " Well, what have you seen ?" she asked, in a voice of terror. " Nothing, my love." At this moment we heard the noise of a dloor banging proceeding from the stairs-a sound all the more appalling and unaccountable, as being without a servant just then-we were quite alone in the house. At the same time the gas chandelier, without any apparent cause, began to shiver and vibrate: and Mrs Titmas, throwing herself convulsively into my arms, uttered a piercing shriek. Fortunately, she is not a woman who resorts to fainting, as a rule, or I should have been at my wits' end what to do next. "Theresa, my love !"I exclaimed. "I'll tell you what it is, Timothy-and I have thought so all along-those two empty rooms on the firstfloor are haunted !" " Nonsense, my dear ! Most likely some one has got into the house, which I shall soon find out." "Burglars don't generally bang doors." "Neither do ghosts, that I've ever heard." " I don't think it's a matter to joke about." " The burglar will fully agree with you there when I catch him," I replied, valorously, snatching up the tongs in addition to my former weapon. Thus armed, I searched the whole house basements, frontparlor, attics. I tried Blob son's doors. They were locked fast enough. I peeped through the keyholes. Naught but darkness to be seen. Ifound nothing. All was in order. Everywhere reigned homelikesilence and respectable repose. "Titmas," said my far better half, as I re turned to the bedroom with these negative tidings, "if you don't break open these two doors upstairs, and find what dreadful thing is in there, you are not a man." "My dear Theresa, consider. Such conduct sight possibly lay me open to misconstruction when the Blobsons come home. You :see, the rooms are theirs, and by law- " " Then you consider your Blobsons and your laws before my feelings ? Very well, Mr Titmas !" Thisis a favorite line of argument with some ladies, and if not quite reasonable, it is very successful and unanswerable, for it has the ad mirable effect of putting you in the wrong and making you feel ashamed of yourself. The rest of the night was passed in silence-a sort of armed neutrality-for sleep was out of the question. Morning came at last, and in its customary sequence day was followed by night. I will freely confess that we both dreaded to see the shadows of evening drawing in, but we justi fied our courage with a little drop of something short and hot.- We composed ourselves to sleep somewhat early; but even as the little clock on our mantelpiece chimed twelve we both woke up witha simultaneous start. No sooner had that orthodox hour finished striking than our ears were assailed by a sickening thud above us as though some heavy body had fallen or been thrown down. Then there was a groan-a veritable human groan-followed by the same uncanny creaking of the staircase as on the previous night. Ijumpedup and seized the poker. Theresa got up,. too, and donning her dressing-gown, remarked, bravely: " I will come, too, this time !" " Since you insist, my love-" She had not spe:ially insisted, but I will admit I was glad of her support. She is a strong.minded woman, and I do not believe either ghosts, burglars, or murderers would ven ture to give her any of their nonsense. I know I seldom do. She took up the candle, and I preceded her with my weapon of offence and defence. Out on the staircase silence reigned supremeo once Sore, bh't stsw' ý =* 12A nngd1 nl faC"e.ý5',c izoihcnce'we knew- not. Sud denly a fearful shriek broke from Mrs Titmas' lips. " Ah, look, look!" she exclaimed, at the same time precluding the possibility of my obeying her injunction by dropping 'the candle, which was instantly extinguished. "For goodness' sake, my love, what is it ?" I cried, struggling with a refractory match which lit only on the box-and not always there. "Blood !" she answered, in tones of intense horror., "Look, Timothy, look !" I did look, for I had by this time succeeded in reanimating the candle. " Something has been spilled here," I replied; "but I do not think it is blood." " Vhat is it, then?" "Water, or something. You must have dropped it yourself." "I! I solemnly assure you there was nothing there when I came up to bed. Besides, what should I have been carrying to the top of the house? See, it goes up, up on every stair. No I tell you, it is blood !" She would have it it was blood, so blood it had to be, as I informed you that Theresa al ways had her own way; and that evening's en tertainment ended up with the nearest approach to hysterics that I have ever experienced on the part of my better half. By the following morning the spots, what ever they were, had all disappeared. The matter remained inexplicable, and troubled me not a little. The next night, at the" witching hour when churchyards yawn," etc.-or I suppose that must have been the hour, for my watch was slow-I was suddenly awakened by the same noise as before-the creaking of the stairs- and then there was the sound as of a deep sigh in the air. This time Mrs Titmas slumbered soundly, overcome by want of sleep upon the previous nights; so I got up very softly, armed myself once more with the poker and tongs, and crept stealthily out into the passage, closing the door behind me. I could see my way quite easily, for it was a moonlight night, and pro ceeded on tip-toe down the kitchen stairs. Ah, there it was again, down by the scullery door the same shadowy form as I had seen before This time it should not escape me, and 1 rushed -upon it -orandtsmnuO bdlhtonigs and poker. - "Here, hold hard a bit! Don't murder me!" rined the rhnst That voice! Good Heaven! It was my lodger, Menasseh Blobson! "What the devil are you doing here?" I cried. "Fetching water," he replied impertur bably. "But where did you come from?" "My own room. I've never been away." Then the mystery of our haunted first floor was solved. Blobson was deeply in debt, and his creditors having traced him to our house, he had resolved to elude them for a time; so he got his wife away on a visit to some relations, and then returned himself, taking advantage of a time in the evening when he knew we should be out. Having first got in a sufficient supply of food and fuel, he would keep quiet all day, and steal down at night in quest of water. The creaking of the stairs, the ghostly sighs, the water-not blood-which the inoffensive man had spilled, the vibration of the chandelier which took place when he crept about his room-all, all was now exnlained. IMrs Titmas' indignation knew no bounds, and she insisted that the Blobsons should be given notice to quit, notwithstanding my representa tions that they were in trouble- might be the same ourselves some day; besides, they at least paid us us their rent punqtually atd. No, no; she had said they were mean, deceit ful people the first moment she set eyes on them. She was not going to be haunted like that in her own house-not very likely. Well, ce que femme veut, etc ; and I have told you Theresa Titmas' notions on the matrimonial unities. So the ghost had to depart from us, and our first floor was haunted no more. - "Weekly Budget." 