CHRISTMAS AT BURR HOLLOW. By Be hex Louden. The old mill had long been idle. It stood off by itself, a lonesome thing either in day or night time. The win dow's were shattered, staring like dis mal eyes bare of lids, set in the dingy walls. Polks said it was haunted ; that it wasn't Bate to enter it after dark ; and that in the hottest day the air in side was as cold as if you had taken a dip m the stream in midwinter. It did have an uncanny something about it ; but that something might have been the effect of the thick woods just beyond, the mournful whisper that went under the larches, and seemed to mutter and circle about the mill. The huge wheel hung helpless in the water, overrun with moss, grown suddenly old in its prime. With ceaseless hurly-burly the stream broke into halves against it, then ran blithely down the hollow. Time was when the hollow had been brisk with thrift, its cottages gay with marigold, and sunflower, and periwinkle. But that was in the days when the mill kept her tongue a-going, and her walls shook with the thrum of machinery, and meat and drink were plenty. ThingB were blue for Burr Hollow. Mouths were numerous, and all the while more little mouths kept a-coming. They weren't over-welcome. G-od knows it was hard enough to provide for those already there, without yet more coming. Somehow it seemed strange. Poverty has so many in her brood to pinch and starve and thieve of their souls ; and wealth has scarce bant lings enough to make music in her halls and say prayers over against her selfish luxury. The men, a half-dozen of them, met on the edge of the forest. They'd been after fuel under cover of night. They paused to rest a moment, sending many a bitter oath up at the big mill frown ing back at them. Suddenly a light showed in it, spectral-pale in the dark.1 It looked gruesome, flitting back and forth — nothing elae visible. The men watched in fascinated awe. ' I tell ye, mates, it's spooks,' said old Dan. ' It 's one o' the de'il's own spawn.' Dan's old head nodded heavy emphasis. His mother's own step father's aunt had seen and talked with a ghoBt, had carried to her grave the mark of the awful encounter scorched in lier forehead. He was authority. The light went out. Through the blackness came the faint sound of the millbell ; a single mournful toll. They turned and fled down the path, evil lights dancing across their strained vision. When safe among the cottages . they looked back ; there it was again, that flicker of flame, Jback at its witch-work. The wind whistled drearily across the snow ; a dog howled back in the dark, a sepulchral, long- drawn howl, The mill once more loomed black, thrown into grim distinct ness by a thin new moon rising behind the woods. They turned into the saloon for solace, before going home. A stranger was in the Hollow next day, making inquiries about the mill — - how long and why it waB idle. Old Dan grew voluble. ' Lord bless ye,' said he, ' 'taint as we don't want to work. There aint no work as goes a beggin' here in Burr Hollow, I tell ye. But it seems somehow as if there aint no room in the world for some on us, and Borne mouths have to go hungry more'n half the time.' The gentleman listened with grave at tention. 'Well, my man, tell every lad you meet that the mill Btarts up the day after Christmas. Please God, there shall be no more hungry mouths in the Hollow. I was looking over the mill last night, taking notes, and I think a week will put it in fair order. And an other thing : as I am to live among you, I want every man, woman, and child of you to meet me up there Christmas eve, when the bell rings. Understand ? Every soul of you.' Dan's grizzled old head rose with new vigour. He pulled up his vest, and pulled down his coat, and straightened himself, with new interest in himself. The mill to strike up afresh ? That meant work, and food in plenty for all poor, tired-out Burr Hollow, big and little. Hib old eyes were misty. This stranger was the ghost they had run from last night. ' A set o' idjits,' he thought. He tried to say something ; but the words kind o' choked in his throat, and he could only grasp the gentleman's hand, and shake and shake, and smile glad old smiies. And thea he trotted off to tell the news. The mill was all alight. All its walls were adorned with cedar-branches, and Chinese lanterns of a hundred grotesque fashions swung their mellow fires over head. There were pots of feather chry santhemums, delicately white among the green, like loose-tufted snow put on stems, and holly-wreaths and sprays of misletoe ; and a delicious homey warmth caressed the chill faces as they came into the flood of bright cheer, and shut the cold out. 'Now, my men,' said Mr. Eaynor, ' the first thing to do is to take your good wives and little folks up-Btairs, and help them dispose of what you'll find there. The mill is your property for to-night, and now just see how much fun you can make it give you. Dan, my man, you lead the way.' And Dan, with a shouting youngster astride his shoulders, started up the stairs. They were hungry, and the odors and sights vanquished bashfulness. .Take possession ? Bless you, in ten minutes there wasn't a vacant platter in the rows of white plates. After a while Mr. Baynor came up stairs. Old Dan waved a huge piece of pie over his head. ' Three cheers for the master !' he cried, and they went up lustily. ' BIobs you, sir,' blubbered the old fellow, ' you feeds the hungry cattle afore you works 'em, and you does n't preach to 'em about their sins wi' 'qm half- macdened wi' hanger. Now, I say, we'll bide by any preaching' o' yours, and say ' thank ye,' and serve you faithful. An empty stummick can't hearken to preachifyin' ; it don't buy food for the wimmen folks, not yet for the bairns. You 've catched us, sir — you've catched us !' Mr. Eaynor laughed heartily. '' All right, Dan ; now, if you are ready, we'll go down-stairs, and you can start these lads and lasses at play. 0, never back out, man ! You're limber and spry enough to lead the whole of them.' And lie did it. And the old mill shook its sides with laughter, echoed with racing, chasing foot-falls. He was a fisher of men, this Mr. Eay ner. He cornered Dan, urging the happy old child to do something at which he sheepishly listened. Then Dan turned to the crowd : 'The master wants me to sing. I aint much of a sragist ; but we're bounden to please him as is pleasin' we. I'll start — start' — Dan Btudied the ceiling and found it there — ' I'll start ' Annie Laurie,' and if ye don't jine in and help, I'll be thumpin' some o' ye the morrow.' And they ' jined in' till the old sweet melody floated out on the night in strong sound waves under the stars — song after song, till hearts were tender as babes' hearts. And then, as if he knew their mood was fallow for the theme, Mr. Eaynor began talking to them. Away back in Judea he began. Pictured the still night when the shepherds out on the hills found heaven's gates open above them, heaven's unutterable radiance bannered about them, while angels sang a strange, sweet song — all because of a little new-born child sleeping on its young maid-mother's bosom down in the dim cave. He made it all bo plain — told them all the story ; all about that marvellous star that burned in the skies to light that obscure birth place to the world ; told with earnest pathos of that sinless life, of Him who wept with men but never laughed, who took their sorrows to his own heart, their sins on his cross and thorny crown ; pictured that sublime death, the silence of that grave, the resurrection, the ascension. He fished for men, this wise mill-owner; and, praise God, he found them. Their hearts went out to him as he talked, and eyes that worries could not dew held tears as he finished. ' You called me master,' said he. 'Never do that again. I am your friend; never master, lie is that; your Master and f mine. And your friend he wants to be if you will let him. Take him with you [ this Christmas eve, my friends Give [ him a place by your hearth. Keep him there, whether your fire burns low or burns warm. Now we know each other. This old mill has been too long I ' n . . ? i 1 ? _i mi i * iaie ; ana, pxease uroa, i n mane amends for. the hurt you' ye suffered, you and your babies. Every man of you will find an envelope under his door when he goes home. And so, go home now ; have a merry Christmas to-morrow, and be ready the day after when the old mill rings her bell for you.* ' Do you suppose they went home ? Well, after a while ; after they had crowded about the man and thanked him. And, do you know, the thanks embarrassed him more than them ; and you'd have thought they were putting favorB upon him, so red he grew as tear ful women God-blessed him, and rough palmed men shook his hand again and again, with eyes ashine with gratitude. And when dark and silence came into the mill with the midnight, it no longer seemed to frown upon the cottages, a fearsome thiny; haunted no longer, Bave by the spirit of good- will aDd peace towards men. And it was the angels that sang long ago, in that holy mid night of mysterious nativity, the song that the world is still singing : ' Glory to God in the highest!' 