THE MERCURY. I BOB ART: WEDNESDAY, JUNE SO, 1834 ' EPITOME OF NEWS. Queen's Accession Day. Boyal salute at noon. Glenorchy Sunday-school entertainment this evening at 7.30. Pacific Lodge No. 5 T.O. meets this even in«. Broadmarsh Road Trust invites tondors for its balance in tho V.D.L. Bank. Bellerive Town Board invites application for its secretaryship. Douglas Lloyd suicided at Oampbell Town yestorday by taking arsenic. Mount Huxley imbroglio tho question of the hour. It is a question of between two stools who shall fall to tho (.»round ? Mr. H. F. Bourne has boen appointed secretary of Tasmanian Pcrmanont Trustees and Kxecutors' Association. Tenders invited for the purchase of the Slant and property of tho Zaeba-i and Dundas ¡rewery. Mr. D. Scown lectures on " Blind and their training" at the Memorial-hall, Bris- bane-street, this evening at 1.30. Spring Bay Municipal Council gives warning ti defaulting rate and license payers. Claims against the late Joseph Solomon's estate to be forwarded to the Perpetual Trustees, Executors and Agency Co. Fri-mds' High school examination results, report, and exhibition of work this afternoon at 3. Hobart ragged school winter distribution of clothing at Lower Collins street, 11, and Watchorn-street, 3, to-day. The late Joseph Solomon has made liberal bequests to Hobart Hospital, Benevolent Society, and governing body or the Jewish Church in Tasmania. Mrs. Taylor, of Sheffield, in this colony, who recently gave birth to triplets, gets the Queen's allowance of £3. It will at least buy each child a frock. Puget Sound woodmen evincing much interest in the United Australasian Axemen's Association, and seek information concerning Tasmanian timber. Silver quotation 28Jd. Franco extending her territory in Algeria. General committee for unemployed moot tonight at Town-hall, at830. Yachts Britannia and Vigilant race at Cowes Regatta next month. Bov. C. Dunstan appointed to Pitt-street Congregational Church, Sydney. _ Sydney produce dealers have decided to limit credit given on farm produce to 14 days. Gales and generally severe weather prevail- ing in New Zealand. Anarchist plot to destroy the Capitol and other public buildings at Washington frus- trated. Warehouse in Brussels utterly destroyed by an explosion of dynamite or some other ex- plosive stored there. British residents in Transvaal liable for military service there under same conditions as native born burghers. Eighteen thousand telegrams sent toSignor Crispí congratulating him on escape from the bullet of an assassin. English mails, per s.a. Britannia, des- patched from Adelaide to Melbourne by yes- terday afternoon's express. Trial of Lee and Cummings on charge of murdering bank manager McKay at Barraba is now proceeding at Tamworth. Accused challenged 41 jurymen. Strange tragedy in a Melbourne hotel. A quiet, homely couple, took a parting,glass, and then made a "happy despatch" by means of a revolver. IN the House of Assembly yesterday, Leave was given for counsel to appear at the bar of the House in opposition to the .Launceston Vfaior and Light Bill. The report of the Maritime Conference was laid on the table ; au epitome appears in the local columns. The Treasurer brought down m message from the Uovernor, recommending the impo- sition of an extra land tax of Jd. In the £1 with certain deductions for mortgages. Mr. Lewis, amidst considerable laughter, asked if this was the same message as that brought down on the 10th May, when the Treasures delivered his financial statement. The Treasurer asked for notice of the question. The Arro. . 1'V-Gkn Eli A . subsequently said 'an error had been made, and the message had been duplicated. The House then went into committee on tho Customs Duties Bill ; an amendment was made in the declaration required from importers, allowing for the 'IK per cent, trade discount. Now clause- were introduced on the motion of Mr. Ml'LCAUY, defining " original invoice," nud giving extended powers to the Collector of Customs in regard to Hiern. Tho bill was then reported, Mr. Buukb's renewed motion in reference to tho bread and meat duties being deferred until next day. The Treasurer moved tho House into committee en the Income Tax Bill; Mr. Lewis objected that it was the Estimates which bad been promised by the Premier, and Mr. Fysh accordingly withdrew IU motion. The consideration of tho Estimates of Expenditure for 1895 was then resumod in Committee of Supply. The items agreed to were Office ot Taxes, and Poatal- Tolegraph amalgamation. Item, Council of Agricul- ture, was discussod, butadjournod for further consideration. | Tho House adjourned at 10,55 until next day, ? It is quite possible, though as yet hardly witliiu the range of probability, that Sir George Diiibs has hit on a practicable road to Federation. At all events, he has done one good thing ; he lins broken once for all with the Commonwealth Bill. As we poiuted out when the title of the proposed Federation was under discussion, the term Comrao.iiwealth was an absurdity, because it was not in any way pro- posed to have wealth iu common, whilst the name is repugnant to the feelings and the instincts of these modem days. The name was, however, adopted by a number of gentlemen who meant very well, but who wore greatly exalted with their own im- portant*-!, ana. tlio Bill was mainly drafted by one who is great in his owu conceit, but who has fallen into many very palpable errors and absurdities. It was our duty to point out that the Bill was simply animpossibleone,though it was snid to contain the condensed wisdom of nil the ages within its four corners, and timo has proved that wo were right. The Bill must now be set down as " one of our failures." It will in future, we take it, bo rather useful as sliowing what to avoid than what to adopt, and must be regarded as practically dead and almost forgotten already. We aro disposed to agree with Sir George Dibbs that tho machinery provided for in the Bil! is altogether too cumber- some, or, as he puts it, too much on the American lines, so far as tho retention of full powers by the sepa- rate colonies is concerned. These are matters which will, we suppose, bo rediscussed some day, should another Convention be held, but, in the mean- time, it is worth while to consider whether Sir George Dibbs has not hit on a method by which Federation may be begun. He boldly declares, what Sir Henry Parkes has never Ventured to admit, although it is plainly the fact, that New South Wales deliberately ignored the Com- monwealth Bill, even as it ignores the Federal Council. Sir Geoiiok Dibbs is pleased to declare that they aro both useless, in which he may be said but to repeat the general opinion of his colony, but the ret ison for this opinion is not the one which he gives but quite another, and it is that in neither case was New South Wales able to " boss the job." This is what lies behind all the opposition that has been shown to Fedeiation in all its forms, while it is plain that the new departure is chiefly acceptable because that colony ii taking the lead. We can see this in the proposals for the adjustment of allairs as between New South Wales and Vic- toria, for it is suggested that certain public offices are to be in Molbonrne and certain others in Sydney, but the centre of government is to be, need we say ? in the latter city. To this Victoria, is not at all likely to consent, so that unless the Parent Colony is willing to come down from the tall horse which it is accustomed to ride, this last move will not be any more successful Ihan those that have been previously made. Leaving for the present the various proposals which are made by Sir G-Ougi: Dibbs for the organisation of a Federal Legislature, with many of which wo agree, we have to consider whetherhisiiiethod of getting atFedera tion is likely to be the right one. We incline to the opinion thut it is. We see no hope of a gencial Federation for many years to come. Apart from other things, the finances bar the way. They are not so much a lion in the path as a barrier which cannot be beaten down, or got over. They are fixed, irrevocable. The miignitude of the debt is one thing, but the loss of the power to further borrow, which must result from Fédération, is another obstacle not at all likely to be over- come. No one has yet so much as suggested a way out of the difficulty, | for the method set forth in the Com- monwealth Bill is admitted to be | altogether impracticable. But, the obstacles that prevent the union of all the colonies or the majority of them, do not stand in the way when the union of two such colonies as Victoria and New South Wales is to be brought about. There is no reason why they should not unite their debts, which jointly amount to £100,000,000 and, no doubt, they could be united with considerable advantage. We do not see, we never have been able to nee, how the other colonies can be brought in for some time, but theie cannot be a question that the union of these two would gradually draw in the others with an irresistible force. All things would work to that end. The very policy of the other colonies would shape itself in the direction of Federa- tion, so that time would be alone required to bring about what would become a manifest destiny. We hold, therefore, that if the two chief colonies can unite, Federation has been made, what it is by no means at present, an absolute «jertainty within no very long period of time. There can be no question as to the advantages which will result from the abolition of the foolish strife between the two colonies, so that what is really one territory can be dealt with in the interest of all of thosewithin its borders. Sir George Dibbs makescertain special reservations in favour of New South Wales, notably in the division of sur- plus revenue, which will be obstacles to-the union which he seeks, though we'are not disposed to regard them as altogether unfair. The surplus revenue, he thinks, should be divided partly on a population basis, partly on an occupied mileage area basis, on the plea that the colony with the larger territory has thegreater expense. Here is, clearly, matter tor much negotiation and de- bate. The other advantages of a union of the two colonies set ont are :-One Viceroy or Governor ; one Parliament of two Chambers ; one Customs Tariff ; one scale of Excise duties ; one joint debt ; one railway management ; on9 land revenue and one lund law, but until tile laws are consolidated the existing regulations ¡ire to hold good ; one Defence Administration ; one Postal and Telegraph Administra- tion; Provincial Government, with wide local powers ; certain depart menta of the Publie Service removed from political influence may havo their head-quarters in Melbourne, others in Sydney; one High-Com- missioner's establishment in Loudon representing the wholo ; one Supremo Court. These aro worth ranking a considerable sacrifico for, especially when there are so many collateral gains. Tue controversy which has been raging in england over one of the " novels of the day . is a keen commentary on tho character of some of these works, and "tho very narrow margin which separates caustic criticism on tho ways of Society from maudlin narrative of events which are usually kept in the back ground by respectable people, who do not aim at being thought entirely " up to date,' A climax seems at last to have come in this sort of quasi- sensationalism. Even the omnivorous and unthinking circulator Mudie, and the indiscriminating and all-pervading railway caterers, Smith & Son, are at last startled by tho revelations of one of those literary shockers, and have refused to circu- late it through their agencies, the immediate result of which has been to give it an immense popularity of a certain class, and to set tho critics arguing pro and con as to its technical merit as a story and its likely influence as a moral agent. To judge by an epitome of the work in a Chicago paper the British public might very well have been spared the infliction of such a work at all. Even such an expurgated condensation as the American journal thinks fit to treat its listeners to is nauseous and purposeless in the extreme, and though it is dubbed " strong " by some of its expert judges, they seem to forget, as a candid transatlantic writer reminds them, that Limburger cheese is also strong, and so is carrion. The author, it should be said, without mentioning his name, and so still further advertising him, is not novice at his trade, nor even at the class of work by which he has now offended. Ho has, it seems, been denied a hearing in England before. That was seven years ago, and on that occasion tho censor of literature forbade his novels to be published in England at all, and he was obliged to cross the Channel to find a publisher. His books were published in France, and in the language of that country, and where in that way read in London, in the cases were they were read at all, but now it is said tho barrier thus set up has been broken down, and, more's tho pity, broken down by women's influence. Women, we are told, have stepped in where hitherto the male author has feared to tread, and the censor, being of a chivalric nature, and having no suspicion of mischief on the part of tho gentler, weaker sex, was caught napping. Hence the flood of what are excused under the generic guise of " purpose " novels, which are printed and circulated throughout the world to encounter a storm of criticism,which is their best friend, for though hinting plainly enough at their foibles, it hesitated to openly condemn them, or open tho eyes of people to their real nature. The book in question, which Mudie's and Smith's have rejected, is described by the American critic as a " mix- ture of medical and horsey talk,which is on the whole as objectionable as it is technical ; a series of scenes of low life which might have been written by a reformed turf gambler for the edification of the servants' hall. To such a depth has the novel of the day fallen, a novel of which public curiosity has already exhausted the first supplies, and which will rival, if it does not outvie, the attractiveness of really good books. The end must be near when they have come to such a pass, and if the public censor is asleep, those who watch over the well-being of Society will have to set up an Index expurga torius of their own to supply his place. The difficulty will, of course, be to draw the line, and possibly there will be some inno- cent ones sacrificed with the guilty before a safe level is reached once more and Society is freed from the most insidious form of tainting that can possibly lurk about, or cross, its threshold. Tub glory of May Day ha« departed. For some years it has been looked upon in Europe as the substitute for a Patron faints' day in the community of socialism und democracy that acknowledges' no Patron Saint at all. Huge gatherings used to take place in tho principal public placo of all the capital. Trafalgiir.square and Hyde-park being the places which Londoncra will ro cognise aa tho rendezvous in the metrópolis for the discontented of all sorts and shades of opinion, who would march there, willi bands playing and banners flying, to deliver inflammatory speeches until they were inter- fered with by the police. Thinge, however, have ohanged. The unity sr'iich once oxiated, if only for a day, amongst ull the branches of a great cause, has disappeared, and one phase of thought stands aghast in the pre- sence of the outragea of those whose opinions have led them into the van of the move- ment. More than thia, the great heart of the nation itself baa boen stirred, and the spirit of solf-protection ha« moved people into taking action which previously they had ellosved to be monopolised by the police. A good deal of opposition was borne cheer- fully enough by the extremists so long as it merely proceeded from their nalural enemy, the salaried man in bluo, but it was very different when the ciotvd joined in, to assist the official foe instead of giving them a quaii-approval by laughable inaction. A great ohangc ia aaid to have come over the leaders of party processions after the ssay in which the attendants at an Anarchist funeral at Kensal Green Cemetery svere hooted, and eveo struck and pelted with' stones by the populace who witnessed it, showing that the modes of retaliation adopted by the dynamiters were not relished by the world al large. The glory of the thing, and the excitement of a contest with the police, who have to deal so gently even with an Anarchist-thinking crowd, paled before the indignation of people who bad no auoh check to their hand«, and the numbera fell away until the crowd» which uied to figure at «uch demonstration» were mete «hadows of themselves. May Day-their festival, ha» also oollapaed ; would that all aucb excesses could pan away wnn it. Tue Council of Agriculture ia very much in evidence just now. At the* meeting of the Agricultural Society cn Monday night it received a hearty tetttmonial from mem- ber«, and again laal night in tba House of Assembly ample testimony was given to the good work it ha« done during» the short term of its exiitence. The oppoiitioa to it wa« of rather ¡ a fragile character, Mr, Fenton waa the «ole objector, and be wa« only good humouredly in earnest, the tting being taken out of the onslaught by the flimsy character of the criticism beatjwed. What objection he raised could cot touch the fact« adduced on the other side ; the Thermopylcc fruit shipment, the work of the travelling dairy, treatment of surplus fruit by the evaporator, experimental whertt plots, and many other matters, were brought forward one after another to show that the Council had advanced the various branches of the agricultural in dustry it bad taken in hand. The weak point appeared to bo the Society's journal, but oven there the " head and front of the offending " appeared to be some slip« made by readers of paper« at meetings, and »orno doubtful report of the Entomologist in re- gard to a potato bog. The discuasion showed that the Council ha« made conaider* able progress in members' estimation «ince last year, and that it is uo longer regarded aa a mere toy, and though an adjournment was eventually agreed to, as tho Treasurer did not know what the item-"Miscel- laneous, £780 ''-was wantod for, and thcro wa« no one prcseut to tell him, that is not understood to jenpariliso the passing of the vote, but only to satisfy tho very uutural desire of members to know what they aro voting foi'. 'i^Her Ma.ii'üty'8 Acct-ssion Day.-A royal salute will be tired fruin the Queen's li ittery to-duy at noon, this being the anniversary of Her Majesty's accession to thethrotiuof Great Brituiti and Iicluml und dependencies of the same in 18,17. Executive Council.--A meeting of the Executive Council will be held today at noon. The Customs Bill Aoais.-When the Customs Bill was resumed in committee lust evening in the Houso of Assembly, the Trea- surer, in leferring nguiu to schedule G, said thcro hud been a difficulty that the declara- tion which tho importer was required to muko was not always in accordauco with fact. To meet that he proposed the ad- dition of the words " Bubjccl only to a dis- count of 2i per oont, or Iobb, for caoh pay- ment i" beyond that he did not ptopoae to go, because it would mean a great loss of revenue if he did so, und because discount) could ni t bo shown on tho face oi the in- voices. Seven«! members thought this did not go far enough, amongst them being the Attorney-General himself, but eventually tho proposal of the Government was agreed to, air. Henry, the late TroaB'irer, being one of those found supporting it. Amend- ments were then moved by Mr. Mulcahy. By an addition to the interpre- tation cIuubs he defined original invoico as " an invoico or detailed account supplied by tho bona fide vendor of the goods, showing the actual net prices charged by such vendor to the importer;" this original invoico to be produced to the collector when tho inward entry is made, and tho collector may nlso require any im- porter to produce for inspection the shipper's statement, showing the gross values of the consignment of goodn under notice. These amendments were also agreed to, On the report, Mr. Burke wished to Bgaln men- tion his "bread and meat" motion, but was informed he must wait till next day, which ho agroed to rather doubtfully. Tiik Thkasukkh in a Fix,-Considerable amusement «vus caused in tho Assembly Chamber last ovoniug, tho Treasurer being tho cause of the unusual hilarity, by ootn p'etoly losing his temper at the way in which members with ou o accord uuitcd in making him tho butt of their merriment, In tho lire, instance, tho leader of the Oppo- sition ha«l practically refused him permis- sion to go on iiith the Income Tax Bill, because tho business hud been otherwise arranged by tho Piemior, in which rebuff tho Treasurer had acquiesced with a shrug of the slmulder. But lliore waa woree lo oome. ' Earlior in tho silting Mr. Fysh had brought I down a message from the (ïovirnor, recoin- | mending tho imposition of an extra land tax . of one half-penny in the £1, this btiing tho propç-itl of the iiôVC-ïamMit under this hoad, as announced early in the session. Now, a similar message was brought down on tho 16th May, and so Mr. Lewis roto again and asked with assumed gravity if this svas the same as the meseago to the same effect brought dotvn a month previously, or if it supplemented it, or circumvented it, or otherwise ? Mr. Fyt»h was quite non- plussed, aud naked for notice of the question, and amidst great laughter the Speaker ruled that a Miuisttr svua entitled to such notico if he required it. " Of courao," said Mr. Lotvia suavely " he would wait till next day." And amidst renewed merriment Mr. Fysh took bia scat at the table with a very bad frown on hit fife, and went into Com* mittco of Supply with his Estimates. .Sub- sequently tho Attorney-General admitted the error, and said out lund that " be had said tho menang.) had been introduced before, but thoy would havo it otherwise." It se«.ins a pity then! should besuch continued bungling in these matters, bringing the Governor, tho Executive Council, Ministers and their subordinates, und in f«et eveiyoiiti concerned in tho matters, into contempt that is good for no one. Qubkn's Ali.osvasch tor Tasmanian Tiui'lkts -Her Majesty the Queen ha« been pleased to giant tim customary £3 to a mother, who is a British subject, giving birth to tiiplets, to Mrs. Taylor, of »Sheffield, Tasmania, und tbo money baa bocu re- mitted to her. Thia is believed to bo the first grant of the kind for triplets born in Tasmania. Ono caso waa mentioned to a former Governor, who seems to have taken some personal interest in the children, and contributed a few sovcreiens without com- municating with the Queen. In this case tho father of the children notified tho un- expectedly large inrreasu to bia family all at once to the late Tieasurer, Mr. 3- iiciiry, who required certain certificates and farms to be filled up. These were forwarded with a représentation of the case to His Excellency Lord Gormanston; the Governor sent the same on to the Socretary of State for the Colonies, and Lord Ripon in turu sub- mitted tho applicot'on to Her Majesty, who at onco directed that the payment be made to Mrs. Taylor. The Unemi'Loykd.- It seems that the Minuter of Lands and Works has com- menced to aot upon the principle luid down : by lum to u deputation lust week in regard to the rate of «vages to be paid to tho unem Eluycd, nu moly, that the payments must not u so much regarded as wages as relief money, Yeiitorday two men, oged respec- tively 59 und CO, waited upon Mr. Pillinger uni complained that the foremun on the relief works at Dir went Park had reduced tho pay fioin 4b. to 3s. per day. Mr. Pillinger usked them if thoy declined to tnke the .'! . per duy. They replied that they did. They were then itifotmed that the Government was really keeping the men on at work that »us not in fact required just now, und that being so, it must treat those who really must have relict work accordingly. He could do nothing further for them, and be feared their names would have to be taken off the list of those seeking Government work if they would not accept 3s. per day. Tue Complaint ok a Pili, maker.-i he Premier bus reoeived a despatch from the Secretary of Stute for the Colonies, concern- ing a complaint made by Mr. Beecham, the manufacturer of " Beecham's Pills," of his labels and the Government adhesive stamp used by way of payment of duty being ex- tensively forged uud placed around spurious boxes of these pills. It appears that Mr. Beochum hus written at considerable length to the Inland Revenue Department in England on the subject, and lie has con- vinced the revenue authorities there thut a considerable loss ensues to the Imperial Exchequer through these forged labels and stamps being circulated, eceing that ho eendB out 45,514 dozen boxes to Australia und New Zealand alone, besides the large quan- tities which London buyers send out to the colonies regularly. Believing thero is "something in it," Lord Ripon rcqueats our Government, in common with others, to ' render any assistance in their pawer in aiding to discover the forger or forgers. At any rate the proprietor of "Beeohani's Pille has acore.l one on even " Pear's Soap " people, having succeeded in getting these ubiquitous words to appear in Impei lal despatches and stuck up in places where they have never been before, namely, in the pigeon-holes and the archivée of many Government offices, BritUh and colonial. The Recent Maritime Conference. The report and proceedings of the Maritime Conference recently held in Hobart, which was laid on the table of the House of Assembly last evening, wa« of considerable length. Issued with it ia a new chart show- ing all the existing and proposed lights on the Australian an .'Tasmanian coasts. The erOceedings of the Conference have already sen publi-hed, and the desired new arrange- ment« baaed thereon will be discussed in the Parliaments of the several colonies, The most important subject that the Conference ha« dealt with, io tar as thi* colony i» con- cerned, ii as to the cost of maintenance of the Tasmanian coastal lights. As to this the recommendation of the Conference is ; "That the whole system of lighting the highway, coatt, and harbour lights of Aus- tralasia be borne pro rata on the basis of the population of the several colonies und provincea thereof, not necessarily interfering with the present management of lighthouses by the several colouies and provinces." The Roya. Weddin«-.-Messts. J. Walen k Sons have received and have on sale copies of a very complete and beauti- fully illustrated souvenir of the Royal wedding at Coburg, giving full details of the marriuge of the Queen's grandson, the Grand Duke of Hesse, with the Princess Victoria Melita. Ii is a special insuo of the Graphic, and besides coloured portraits of the bridal pair tho number contains a large double-page illustration of the wedding ceremony and 50 other engravings descrip- tivo of tho event. The cost of this iatorcst ing publication is only Is. Gd. Tkue Democracy.-Through unavoidable circumstances the Rev. A. Turnbull will not deliver his lecture on " True Democracy " to-night, but intends to do so next week, when the time and place will be announced. I Citt Poli«. Coukt -TI o l'ulico Magia i trate and Mr James Gregory, J P, dis I posed of the btiBinoss coining lufore this Í Court yesterday John Don tltls >n, a youth, pleaded not ¿uiltj to snutclung a purse inn tinning ptttn tickets from Mary Stack, lu the Commercial road, Nets loun, on tim 9th inst Mr Sub Inspictor Cook con ducted tho case on behalf of tito poliu Mary Stack slated that nuuaid, svith tsso other boys, accnitcd her on tim d ile in question, und nskul her bohío trilling ijnes lion When »ha turned round monsell siiutehcd the parre fr un her pnekot uni made off st i til it Sho gis o chuso, bul filled to c*i(ch him ¡sergeant I tri eil ru ceived a complaint from Mary Stack that she had boen robbed ot lier purse by accusai, ss ho Aasohaiged suth tho ofTonci Ho mado a statement to tho dfict tniit another boy named Postor Ware tool* tho puree, and gase it to lum, and svhen hu found there ssita no money in it hu thiotv it into a garden A lad named Elston «tia lu Donaldson's comptny v. hen ho went up to Mary Stack Did not sec bim tako tin piirao from her, but saw it m his possession in Lefroy street, when he threw it oser a fence Accused dcuicd stealing the nurec, Ho was scutcnqid to cne mouth'« imprison mi ni, but ordered io be kept apart from the other prisoners Isa.o Bertram Barker was bl ought up ou a charge of conspiring, wah otlioris to de fraud, betts een January 1, ISO!, und Juno 1, 1894, in connection with the Mount fluxliy mine Ou the applicttion of bub Iuspeotor Cook the case wn9 adjourned until the 20th itist Charles W ilson nae fined 10s bl, With the usual alternativo of 14 day«, for disturbing the public peace Richard Kennedy, for allowing a cow to stray, wits fined 10) C1 and costa Lilian Phillips, represented by Mr Urquhart (Urquhart and Ornant), w s granted a protection oidor against her huaband, Jos A I hillips lim caae waa heard ex parte A cb irgt of ciuolty to animal», preferred against Claude Kennedy, wai adjourned until Friday Annie Phillips pleaded not quilty to using threatening language to iili/.tiboth Duncan in Campbell street on the 11th inst Ab it transpired that tho language complained of waa used In do fondante house the caso was dismissed The Police Magistrate informed the di fendant that she waa discharged on a legal point, but if she had mude ueo of the language complained of she was a d si/raco to her box Thomas Carroll and John Bennett pie tdid guilty to using obscene lauguugo on the 10th Hist Constable Williams diposetl that tho language muda use of wus not û*-tojbo re p at d. They were each fluid Cb aud coBt» lASMAMAV IsTl.liNATK-.AL 1 MlIUllION -Hie following circular, copies ot whioh have been Beut to the secretaries of the various Chambers of Commerce in tho United Kingdom by the Landon Royal Lotmi istnou, illustrates tho scductiso mid successful efforts ss Inch are boing mado by tho Commissioners to ousui'c au udequate i (.presentation of the Unittd Kniyltim tit our Exhibition The circular rtada - " Westminster Chambers, -5, s tetona strict, London May 10, 1894 Sir-I am directed by the Royal C ommisaionup, who hate bain appointed by Her Mujoaty, to take steps to ensure a proper representation of the manu* , faciuring industries, agiiculturo and fino , art« of all portions of tho Empire at the International Exhibition, winch will bo held at Hobart, the capital of T-isminia, in , Nosembci next, to ask your kind uid and , co operation The cnclos-ad prospectus con , tains information about tho forthnomiog Inhibition, and some Blattalics abuut tho trade of Australasia, aud espocially t f Tasmania. Tho Royal Comm ssioneis dosiro to bring prominently uuiltr your notice the t great importance is Inch they uiUcli to the greut import ince which tliey uitoclito mo mnnufucturer8 und pro lucera of tim United Kingdom doing everything in their power, even to the extent of incurring aniño pe eiiniary Buerificc, in order to show to our fellow subjects in Auatrulusiu tho mimi ficturwg pro emmenée of the United Kingdom lheRoyal Commissioners aro well aware of tlui effort. whioh nie beiug mudo by foreign proilucers aud traders to obtuin a poition of the lucrati«o commerce «vliiah tit the present time is being curried on between the United Kingdom and its dependí non s , but they trust that you, and tho important body over which >ou preside, will do eery thing in your power lo return for this country the extensive trado which it ulreuily enjoys I um further directed to add thut the importance of the Exhibition at Hobart is not to be measured by the commeree of Tasmania, extensive us that is, munnuldi us the Royal Cominis loners bute reuson to believe thut this exhibition, held as it will be, during the Rummer of tho southern hemisphere, will be lurgoly attended by \ [sitora from all parts (if Australasia I have the honour to be, your obedient sériant, G Cou l*.s Li VY, Secreti-ry ' Umtkd lK_ruiancb Cob .eil -The firBt annual meeline of tho above wub held in tim Temperance hull on Monduy evening Therewusamo leruteattciidanc«,Mr Ii Loduu presiding After a prayer from Rev I K Mcintyre Mr Lodge Bind that had the viowb of tho Council been curried out in puat years there would have boen no luck of em ployment now It was sad to think that Borne through no fault tf their own, were unable to get work I ho secretary (Mi C Pmery) read the report, which stated that 12 meetings hal been held, ut which deb»tea of an interesting character took place Upon one of them, on tempérance tcaohin«, m State schools, the Council approached tbc Minister al Edu-ution, and although no definite result wua aHuinnl yet good, it was bell ved, had been done. Hie Vigilance Conimutce forwarded ti o outcome of its labours to the Police Committee The purhamcntiry and muuieipal elections abo retened attention Public mecttugu hid been held with ¿,ood resulta in Aueuat the eofTee laiern was opened, and returns are expected next year Iho bataneo sheet showed Us 5d in hand, aud fuffjil^ wiro urfcently needed On the motion of Rev I K Mcintyre, seconded by Mr George Hiddlestone, M H A, the report and balance sheet were adopted After a few remarks from the president and Mr iuirfux the proceedings concluded Umtf» AUHTBALASM- A\fjiln s _sso ciatio . -Our Lutrobo correspondent sends us the following interesting communication -" Mr U A ".ichols, the manager of the United Australasian Axemen's Association, hasjiiBt rccened a Utter fiom tho oditor of the Pujet Sound Lumbe> man, Washington, USA, which ¿,oes to show tho wide mihi ence the Association is wielding lhe foi lowing extract is, perhaps, worthy of con Bilcraole notioe -In order that our w-oodu men may be posted, will you kindly send us a description of the varieties of wood grown in your country and the methods employed m getting the trees to the mill If you hine photographs we would uppre cíate them We understand that your woods ure hurdwools, hero tho bulk of tho timber is soft, and the loggers hueo become experts In fact so proficient aro tiley in felling thut they can fell a tree in any direction We havo seen a woodsman fell a tiee so that it would drive a stake purposely placed into the ground, showing to what nicety and preeisio logging is done On the ' driveB,' i e , tho floating of loj_s down rivers, the ' drivers ' are so proficient that they can stand on a smooth lo;. l.EB than 12in in diameter, and keep their equilibrium when the log is whirled round and round in tho swift rapids However this is not to the point, and will not interest you What we wart is further information about your woods, because we believe that some day this country will purchase hardwoods in Tasmania, and if the exhibitions of skill between the representatives of two countries will serve to put the two countries on the same footing, com mercially speaking, we shall bo satisfied ' A meeting of tbe Association will be held In about a fortnight to consider the letter and see what can possibly be done to supply the information, and also an attempt will be made to gain a collection of photograph« that will be to the point Mr Nielol« intends writing to the Premier, Sir E N C Brad don, and placing the matter before him with a hopo that the Government may assist in rendering assistance towards giving the in formation or supplying «ample« of the various woods of the colony It is also intended to place the matter before the local Chamber of Commerce, so that all pos Bible information may be gathered for the inquirers, and thus it is hoped that a day will soon come when further markets will be found that will aid and assist in the oom merdai p-ospenty of our island home " Artici ed Clkuks' Association - Tho fortnightly meeting was held at the Masnmc hall last ni^ht, Mr J W C Hamilton, solicitor, in the chair The question donated was "A a bachelor, sends " B, a spinster, a % aient me, on which the following words ate printed-"I have loved you all my lifo, so will you be my own dear wife ,' and she ansivers by letter in the nfbrmutivo Is there u sufficient contract on which to baso an notion for breach of prommo of marriage ' Messrs G Soultbee and F SiopB supported the aflirmutive, and . lossrs H Crisp and J Clark the negatne Other spenkeis on til«* question were MesBrs J H Keating, li K Elliston, and H W Mornsby After the chairman's summing np, the ouostion wa« decided by the meeting in the negative The usual vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the eveumg « debate. Tiik CATiipniuii Mission.-Any one look- ing into the Cathedral yiatuday afternoon butts otu 4 and 5 tioulil have seen an inspir mg night-no lesa than from 800 to 1,000 children assembled to liston to an address frtim Canon Carter He spoke ou tho thrco tilinga our tusiour «aid of His Father at tho bojiiiiuiug and end ol Di» life, and at His Rt-surrtt tton, and of tho thrco dutioB st e otvo oui Huis tnly rather, vi/ , lovt, honour, obedience The children listened attentively, and ntisttoreti as n.ttlil> a« could bo ox* pitted tho questions usUol hy the miss'ontr At the evening uiictim, thero ssero betwion G00 anti 700 piople-the lirgcstsveok even- ing attendance hitherto dinon Carter preached from Hosca li , 14, IS , aptukiug of a door of hopo in a talby ol steeping Ho (.spo-ially teftrred to the » ory of Aohaii as illustrating tho nictumty and Missing of confession of sin to Almighty dod Niurly all stayed to tho aft. r meeting, at which hu «poke on ibu 7th and St li Commandments, dealing with the Sanctities of Married Life, and Morality in Commercial Life It «ita a soli inn nutl touching theme, and BtitTLtl up the feelings of tho large audionco I ho Rev. W A Robinson cootinuod bia instructions lu Christian ("octtinc, hi« subject boingj "Willst \Q (lo" J'lut faith, svlmh waa Vluiaiied ou faoU and not on ficlings, then duty , so grace, which ia God's part, and duty, which ia man's, oocui an equal number of times Christ taught what we are to do in bia ans« cr to the question, " What must Ido to inherit eternal life t ' Ho Bail, ' Keep the Commandments " So tho church follón s Christ btcauBe the Ten Commundmuits teach (1) Our duty towards God It has been said, "The age is philanthropic, not leligioua," that ia, it ia moro concomed about its duly to man than to God ; but the more wo love God the moro we shall love man. " When a men live« with God, his voice ia as «weet as the murmur of brooks.or rustle of corn " The first four Com mandniLuts contain u w lining against wor shipping nature, against idolatry in every form, against irrcveienco and secularism, and agaiuat forgotfulncsB of God But the leu Commandments also teach in the fullest sense (2) Our duty to man They begin with home life, because it ia the foundation of State lifts, then they luculoate checking the passions of body und bouI, end lmiah up by urging contint ment-tho whole bourn summed up in " Do right, do your duty," and lease the result to God Tasmanian Chkistian . . dkavouii U. lot*. -Itio quarterly united meeting of all the local Societies ol Christian endeavour was held lust dening at the Dai ey street Cougrcgstionul Church The body oi the building was well ailed willi members, and friends occupied scats in the galleries Miss Lloyd presided at the oiguu Rev Geo Clarke gave u lOnuu address on the subject of "Worship, which to be true, ho suid, must be rendered by " all that is within us " lhere is, he suid, a natural instinct in ull crcalures to coiv down to Hie " powerful," butwc vtore intelligent beings, mid must worship«. I'll 1111 i/uson,conenv.n*iaffection, and Wtl'/whicli ¡u reality mo_nt ole i'*¡ ôô lils Rev J I 1'icr.ey then «poko on " Pray et in a form of Worship ' This, ho auld, should be as simple as the requests uith which children so natu rully meet tin ir parent« Only a selfish, self centred Deruen cun lind nothing to pray «bout It should not be deemed merely u duty, for it was a privilege After the singing of a h«,inn, Mr Sldw.ll, of tho lubernuolu Soeiely, read a three minutes paper also ou " Prayer aB a form of worship,' und was followed by Miss Proctor, of the D_\ey street Gonyrigitioiial Society, on ' Praise us a form uf worship, ' and Mr Pintt, Melville street Weale«, un, on "Ado ration,' Mr Smithies, New Ioau Wes luyan, " Coufeaaiou , Miss Oiborno, Uuvoy street Winleyau, "ThankBgivn g ," Mr Moredith, ChalinerB Society, "Worship,1 Mr Paton Printline MethniltBt, ' Praiao j Mu>8 Uarscj Hi(,h Btrect W enltj tn, " Com inumon , Mi I'ltlkncr, Memorial Congra I gational, " Petition and Mr Henry, ist lohne Presbyterian, InterciSBiou iho Piemdent (Mr \\\ M Williams) then Bald a few swords, summing up the thoughts pro BCnteJ, and the Res A E Holden, Port Cygnet, closed the meeting with prayer A collection, amounting to £0, wat takm up m aid of tho poor ANA -iho half yearly meeting of tho Hobart llrauch No 1 was Ik Id at the rooms last evening i hero waa si lar¡_e attendanco including the president (Mr ti 1) Miuuih) lho principal business of the evening was the election of ofiicere for ensuing half year, which resulted as follows - Prceilint Mr U D MmuiB sice president, Mr Herbert Nicholls, treasurer, Mr J S Hod^man secretary, Mt li D Vautin, as-ustant acere tary, Mr 1 liybeld , auditors, (Messrs 1 rod H Kattlo ando D Lowia committee, Messrs J btopB, H W Issell, C H Hawkins, W A Sargeant, and C E \ au tin lho balance sheet will bo priBtnted at tho next branch meeting., ui required by the laws After the businoBs of tho evening a inusual firoj.riiuimo ssas gone through, the following »dies and ¿>«."tl°iiit-ii taking part -Mesare J S Hodgman, J L Waul, L G Henry, L Simmons I \\\ Hurst, und J H Keating, and Mesdames Hodlman, Vautin, Ward St Andiibss s Ti a Mli¡,tin( -About ICO members of "st Andrews coi)¡_,rej,ttion sat dow n m th» schoolroom laut evemu«_, on the occasion of the annual tea The room wue beautifully decorated, and to the ladies of tho church muoh cictlit ib tine for the able manner in wl ich they catcied for thoao who sseie present Hie Rev Dr Scott after toa gave a brief review of the hiatory of the Proabjterian Chinch in Australasia, with which tho honoured names of Steole, Nish, and Stuart would alwayB be lucutified Speaking of St Andrew a, hu stated that the firat congregation mot in the schoolroom, which was built for the present purpOBO as far back as 1822 and tho church itself in l811 Addressing the children of the bun day Behool, he hoped they would bo like Solomon svho deaircd wisdom nther than riches Mr Hadrill, superintendent of thu Suuday school, replied on behalf of bia charges, and (,ave a brief -iccount of the progiesacf the school A number of ladies aud gentlemen then contributed music and recitation« and tho meeting concluded with tho benediction HouAitT Catholic Litebabv Associa- tion,-The members met at St. Joseph's schoolroom luBt night, the Rev. Father Keith presiding ; the Rev. Father Hennebry I being ulso présent. The attendance of visitors was above the average nnd a mest onjoyable evening was spent. Tho following contributed iloinB : -Miss Koltluu, "Molly ABthoro," und " Sheila of oueau " ; Mr. Mci*, rtlan, A. L. Gordon's "Linos to his sister," and " How We beat the favunrite " ; Mr. J. J. Gleeson, reading, " Womun in poli- tics " ; Mr. W. Brudshaw, song, " Rustic bridge " ; Mr. L Fox, recitation, " Wreok off Mumblo's Head"; Mr. A. Roberts, s mg, "AcroBB the biidgo"; Mr.Geo. E. Kelly, rcuiling, " How to write a novel " ; Mr. Hanks, comic rending ; Mr. H. Shirley, " Our Jack's come home to-day." Mr. J. R, McCann, with his usual ability and care, presided at the organ, for which he received a hearty vote of thanks. Miss Rollins, as u visitor, also received the special thank« of the member.. The meeting terminated at 10 o'clock A Fuie. d. y Function. - On Monday evening lust u social was given bv the mem- bers of Chalmers Fellowship Union, on the occasion of the departure of Mr. R. J. Haddon, one of its leading members for another colony.. During the evening the President (Rev. C. H. Talbot) presented Mr. Haddon with a small memento, and ex- pressed regret that one who had taken such a deep interest lo the Union and Chalmer« Young Men's Club waa aboot to leave them, and wishing him every success, The recipient in a brief speech thanked the president and membera for the many kindnesses he had re- ceived at their hands, and «aid wherever he went ho would always retain pleasant reool-, lections of Chalmers Church, and the societies oonneoted with it. A word of praise is due to the ladies who kindly pro- vided refreshment«. Pla«, o at Ghost.-Our George's River correspondent writes :-" For some time past at interval« nocturnal travellers have reported a loud, shrill, sound, somewhat akin to the neighing of a foal, in a gully below the road to Gould's Country, and much conjecture has resulted, some super- stitious souls imagining that the spirit of a dear departed is wandering around the bush in search of a last resting place, and plaintively bewailing its lonely late. Affairs reached a crisis upon the night of May 24. A number of travellers were startled by a succession of appilling groins, culminating in a low, dying, moan coming from tho dark and diemal gully. A valiant individual taking the lamp from the trap of a panser by in one hand started to exploro tho infernal regions, like .-15Deua of old, accompanied by another man, and protcotcd by a large dog. But us tho Cerberus of the locality did not oppoeo their advances they returned without adven- ture or tule to tell. With respect to tho wulling uni foal-liko noise I attribute it to some night bird, though I huvo not heutd of such ii sound in any other locality. And us ret'-rd s the groins and mi nu« I put them down , to tho frolic« of some mischievous youth,'who wants a jolly good hiding. Unclaimed Tkli-qbam.-A metsage ad- dressed M is.'Price, Coffee Po'uoo, awaita a claimant at the Telegraph Qffic«. mm» 15._N-Ho.NChs - J?« the Into Joseph Solomon's will, wo under »tond that the Perpetua.! 'trustees', Lxeoutors, und Agency Co of Tasmania I iniitcd, Mr 1" Hawson, malinger, are tim executors und trustee«, anti thut umougst other Itgnclos aro tho follow- ing -lo tho governing hmly of the Jewish Church in 1 aninama, £1 000, to the Bene Milout Socioly, HoburlU£l,000 , nu 1 to the UuBpitul Hoard of MiuiA^ ment, £1 000 Haiiiut Ski**.s - Hie National Wool Co. Limited by their latest Lot «lou advices notify some importunt rtduelions in London «vurehousing ohurguB in rabbit skins Iho scale of wuiuhousu charges In future will bo : -Maniigotncnt ruto ös (lil per bale nott (except in «xeoptional infiluuccs M lion balcB uro roeoived iii dumuged condition ) Rent. \- Uudor iowt 2d per bale pei iveck Jcwt. to r«owt Jl.ovorßo.t 4«1 nott Siiiioi sum. Sin 11 ion Siiiitu Australia. ._", . -*"?*. '"*"'* "- ameroo, munager for Mr. Richard Smith (of the nal. known firm of Harri«, Scarfo k Co, 0f Adelaide) on his Kindaruar station, wa» *,, tl)wn yceieriluy, ou lus return fiom Port Arthur, whoro ho hid li-en to secure som« 0f tho famous noiligieo Shropshire sheep from tho flock of Mr 'lorn Mason Mr Cameron si Íceted 25 (ino specimens, which woro brought to Hobuit on Messrs Wbitohouso's steamer Nubeona Tho well known «took and station agents, Messrs Roberts k Co , havo now the «hoop under their caro prior to ship- ment for Adelaide, via Melbourne Mr. Cameron «.xprossca himself asniuoh interest-id' in tho future of tins particular clais of shee|_ He recognitcs the fact that wbilo their tlceco is the best a mutton shoop eau carry, tho quality of their mutton can hardly bo surpusaed, an important point in these days, when tho vulue of the carcase his so much woight with the sheepbrcedcr. He also lays stress on the hardy character of these shoop, and says thoy may be described as "good buahmen," inasmuch as they find their way through tho bush country in search of food 'or thomselviB It is to bo hoped that moro sheopbreeders from tho sistor oolontm will show tho enterprising spirit of Mr. Richard Smith and his manager, and visit our island on a similar quest W INT. It _ XCUltSIONH TO Till SOUTH SPA» Iii anus -The Union Company havo ar- ranged for s series of winter ex urslons to* the Coral Islunda of tho I'uctilc, enabling tom ist to avoid the colonial winter for the balmy air of the South beti Munds, and aiTordiug an opportunity of visiting thest. lovely gioup-i «luring their most atltactne. season Ihn splendid atoa mor Taviuni, specially built for tho tropical tunning, will' leave Auckland cvory four weeks, com muncing July 1, nulling the round trip in 2b day», and calling at ino following places oit toute -longutabii, Huapui, Vuvau, Apia, -uvu, rcturmug via longa to Auck- land Exciutiomsta can halo tbo privilege of breaking the journeyut Fiji, nnd returning to Auckland by uither tho « vulau or Upolu, which steamers leave Anoldund for Fiji every fottnight, oi thoy eau also stay at any £ort «?i CHU gOlUg on by no st steamer, r-assongers by the A and A. lino al«» ha70 tho unique priviloge of proceeding by the above steamer us fur as Simoi, joining «ho Trisco mail bout at thut port The regnlw intercolonial services of tbo company cimillo Ioxoursionlsts from Hobart, Melbourne, and Sydney to muko oloso connection with the South Sea Island steamers at Auckland. Dkasiatio sNi) Musk si Ki citai, - The pro(,raiiimo Mr V M Alexuntler ha« arrangid for Monday next is of a variad and Bomowhat novel charactor Mr Alexander is placed for bix item«, and m tho selections ho has made lias sot himself a very severe task, but judmng by criticisn s ha holds he in quite capable of passing successfully through the ordtal. In "ParhatBiu»" ¡j»-. will display bia tragic abilities, and ins vormtility tiny bo gauged by tho fact that on the same evening ho will appear aa Sir Peter Teij/lo and the Duke of Aran/a in tsvo burnt iona selections In thceo two scent« bo will bo assisted by two lady pupils, Mrs XX Young (Lady icazlo), and Mus F Miller (Julians) Mr Aloxan 1er a ¡Shakespearian selection will ho tho Rialto eoono from The Merchant of Venice Mr R Young, vrbo has «o rarely nppemed lu public of late, will give Groasmith s tine musical sketch, "The Silver Wedding ' Mrs Goo Huston, Miss E Morrisby, and Mesara Bradshaw Major, J, Brown, 1 G Lovett, and J. Dillon are also ti'DiHin g Cits' SciiGOi, Pmztä.s.- The result of the third annual competition among the boys of* the City School for tho annual scholarships pretonted hythe matter, Mr. T. R. Marsden,, was mado knowa yesterday. Thoy were as follow :-First and top boy, A. Brooks -j. second. K. Htitnphroys ; third, D. West.. The scholarships consiat of freo schooling for twelve {months for Brooks, for six month»* for Humphreys, und three months for West. Mr. Marsden, who always displaya a deep« interest and a generous nature towarda the boye, uIbo gives half-yearly mnrk prizes to the moat successful boys in each division. Yesterday happening to bo Mr. Muradcn's birthday, he waa presented hy tbe scholars with a massive gold ring, btariug the initials "T.R.M." Another Suamssrut. Tasmania».-W© uro pleased to chronicle tho success of. unothor Tasmanian, in Mr. Seymour Spiller,. who, after ii short residí nee in Sydney in a professional cupiitity, lina obtained a temporary appointment aa a dental surgeon at Broken Hill. Mr. Spiller is a native of Hobart, being tho son of the lato Mr. Spiller of this city. Hie career aa a atudent in his profession has boon a brilliunt one. Ho took Ilia initiatory steps ia Mr. Topi!»' establish- ment, and on the completion of his term went to Melbourne, and studied at the Dental Hospital for three years, finally takiug tho D.D.S. tlegreo. Ho afterwards started in business in Sydney, anil now pro- ceeds to Broken Hill under favourable auspices. CouiiT of Rki'UK.hts.-The followiug is tho liât of coses set down for bearing before tho Commissioner in tho Court of Requests £10 Juridiction to bo held in the Supremo Court, Mitctjuarie-atrcet, on Thursday, the 21st ins t., commencing at 10 a.m.:-Veut and Ors. v. McDermott, Anson v. Westgarth, Anson v. Heathorn, Wobster and Ors, v. McLouchllti, Appleby v. Kairclough, Walker v, Liddall, Batt v. Vince. Ploughing Ma-toii.-A mpotlng of per- sons interested ia tho proposed ploughing match at tho Ouse ie announced to be held at the Bridge Inn, Ouse, on Saturduy next. Benefit Conckiit.-The flibornian Society,. o'sistod by the Hobart Kruss Band, srill give , a concert in St, Puter's-hitll to-night in aid! of a distressed widow. Municipal,-The Mucioipal Council willi specially moot at the Municipal Council oliamhcr, at 11.30 o'clock thiB morning, to take into consideration a bill to amend tho Hobart Corporation Aot, 189,3. W. D. PEACOCK. NEW WHARF, FRUIT EXPORT AGENT. Regular Quotation«! by Cabio from Inter- colonial Ports. Liberal Cash Advancoa against Consign- ment«. Casos, Papor, and Nails at Lowest Rates. Account Salea and Returns Promptly, Rendered. «IO. 