A SENSATION. "Step into my private office when you are at liberty, Mr Bennett; I would like to speak with you." The request was made in terse, autho ritative tones, familiar enough to every man in thd editorial depart?ient of the paper hes tdise of M1r Priest, the man aging editor--ah undersized, fussy little chap, with hair prematurely grey, tiny sharp eyes like a ferret's, and enormous e~ii that seemed designed by nature to catch all the news there was adrift. The latter organ he had a peculiar fashion of moving backwaris when excited or inte rested-a mulish mannerism which had earned him carions nicknames. "Yes. sir; be there in fire minutes," answeied Bennett. Then he added sotto roce, "Wonder what the deuce is up now ! Some idiot's been complaining about a report, of course." With this reflection the young man resumed his screed. At last the column of fi:tion, upon which he had expended a great deal of energy, was handed over to the city editor, and an instant later Bennett had disappeared down the pas sage to confer with his chief. " Wonder what Priest wants with him P" said Godfrey, one of the stars of the staff, who had acquirel local fame by virtue of a series of " heats" during his four months of service with the paper. "May be going to do tardy justice and raise his salary," sail O'Dell, the court man, rather cynicaly. "Did you see Priest's ears ?" asked little Davis, the junior member of the staff. "They stood straight out, anl there's something in the air, sure." At this moment a messenger entered to inform Godfrey that he, too, was wanted in the manazerial sanctum, whereat the garrulous little Davis at once urged the correctness of his sur mise that an unusual " something " was transpiring behind the figured glass doors of the editorial room. "Sit down, Bennett," snapped the editor, as the young man entered. Pnest was one of the class of men who seem to find their way into posi tions of influence and authority on newspapers without difficulty." He was not a writer, and, in fact, could hardly construct a sentence correctly. He lacked most of the elements naturally supposed to be indispensable to success in -such a place; but Priest had other qualifications, added to a good nose for news, which appealed more strongly to the stockholders of the paper. Chief among them was his ability to play intJ the hands of the business office, hold down writers' salaries to the minimum and curtail the expenses of his depart ment generally. There were literary brains enough to be got for very little money, c!ever writers on any and all topics of the day, bit men of the Priest pattern were scarce. The air of.the managing editor, as he motioned Bennet. to a seat, was pre occupied. He was always preoccupied when spoken t3 or approached by any but the business manager. Then he was obsequious. His manner now said, as plainly as words could have said it, " You are my suhor 'inate and must be duly impressed with the dignity of my position." After gazing for some moments, with an appearance of deep thought, at a social item of utter unimportance, which had slipped in among his correspondence by mistake, Mr Prio-t dropped the little slip of paper into his capacious waste basket, swung round in his chair and faced Jack Bennett. " Mr Bennett, I'm going to detail you on an important piece of business," he jerked. "Yes, sir," replied Bennett, with a becoming show of interest. "You know, Mr Bennett," continued the chief, " all the main facts regarding the counterfeit five-dollar bills which have flooded the city during the last few months." "I believe I am tolerably familiar with the matter, sir." " The fact is, Bennett," and the little man's ears began to oscillate with in creasing rapidity, " the fact is that every detective in the city has worked on this case for weeks at a time. They have all failed, and the search has been practi cally abandoned. The police acknow ledge themselves beaten, Bennett." The editor brought his hand down on the arm of the chair with an emphatic thump. Then he leaned forward as to give weight to his words. " Now, then, I have always held that a good reporter is the best detec:ive in the world. You have done some very good work for the paper, Bennett-very good, indeed. You will take this case. Devote your whole time to it, follow up every con ceivable clue, run these fellows to earth. and-well, if you succeed, it will make a difference in your salary. You will take any other man of the local staffr you may desire to assist you. I shnould suggest Godfrey. He's a bright fellow, quite up to the work, I should think." "I think Godfrey is the right man, sir," answered Bennett. Godfrey entered a moment later in response to a summons by telephone. The nature of the business on which he was detailed was explained to him, and then both men were dismissed with the injunction to do their best. The task set these two reporters was by no means an easy one. Detectives, and reputably smart ones, had worked on the counterfeiting case for months ; but, as the editor said, no clue, however faint, had bten found to the makers of the base five-dollar notes. A week after he had been detailed on the matter Jack Fennett sat lounging in an arm-chair at his rooms, examining one of the spurious bills for the hun dredth time. He had just succeeded, with the aid of Godfrey, in running down a doe, wh'ch, like a dozen other supposed clues, had proven false. A week is a lon: time in a new:p3per office, and Bennett was beginning to chafe at his want of success in finding a single thread to work on. " A bad beginning-a deuced bad beginning," he mused. Taking a cigar from his lips, he again minutely examined the counter feit. It was almost perfect. A slight difference perhaps in the texture of the paper between this and the genuine bill, but Ihe letterinl was clear and exact, the ink black and the printing without a fl.aw. None but an expert could have discerned the fraud. Then Bennett f1ll to thinking of certain difficulties he had encountered in this investigation, which had so far proved profitless. Sometimes he had thought Godfrey was jealous of the precedence gien another in the case. Sometimes his assistance end suggee dfons seemed halfhearted. Still there were times when he was feverishly anxions to hunt down a newly dis- a covered clue. There was no doubt ef s the man's ability. Godfrey had worked I up two or three affairs single handed in a manner that proved him a thoroughly capable man, and yet there was some- t thing about his efforts to run down t these counterfeiters that seemed but half sincere. Little was known of Godfrey in the office. He floated in on the boom tide, just when a good man was badly needed. Jim Durnald, one of the best men Kansas City ever saw, had succumbed to the effects of six years' continuous work in the same chair, and was, at the time of Godfrey's advent, a hopeless paralytic in a sanitarium somewhere in the central part of the state. The poor fellow imagined he had purchased a controlling interest in the stock of two railroads and a steamship company. Of course every one was sorry for Durnald, But in a newspaper office there is very little room for sentiment. Jim was "out of the running," and it was necessary to get a man in his place at once When Godfrey applied for the job Fawcett, the city editor, put him on, and it took but a few days to demonstrate tha a first rate all-around man had been secured. Bennett thought over his associations with the new man and could find no reason for complaint. Mentally resolving, however to adopt a new line of research on the folio ving day, he was about to retire when a knock at the door startled him. It was the sharp wrapping of some one in a hurry. ".Jack-- say, Jack I Get up and let me in. old fellow I' cried the outsider. Bennett recognised the voice as that of young Davis. He walked to the door, turned the key, and and threw it open. " Why, Davis, what is the row ?" he exclaimed. "You look as if you had seen a ghost !" For the junior mem ber of the staff was very pale and "ery much excited. Davis assumed an air which told plainly that he had a disclosure to make The youngster dre* up a chair, lighted one of Bennett's cigars and replied to his friend's query with the cool question , " How are you getting on with the case, Bennett ?" "What case F" "Come, old chap," went on the youth, "I haven't been in this business as long as you have, but I have learned elnugh to pick up a piece of news before I fall over it." "Well, what have you picked up now ?" asked Bennett, rather discon carted by the pecaniar manner of his colleague. Davis pitched his hat into a corner, stuffed both hands deep down into his trousers pockets, and with an air of quiet assurance proceeded. "What I came here for at this unearth'y hour of the night was to put you on the right tack and help you capture those 'queer' pushers. "You are all wrong." said the lad with peculiar emphasis on the last three words. " ook here, Davis, what are you driving at And Bennett rose to his feet. " Oh, now, don't treat me like a child !" interposed the other indignantly. " m onto the whole game. You are w irking on this counterfeiting story, aid Godfrey's working with yon-that is. he is supposed to be. Am I right F" "Suppose you are right - what thin ?" said Bennett. guardedly. "' Wh't then 7" cried Davis, sitting bolt upright, "why, just what I said berore. You're on the wrong lay, clear off the scent, I tell you. Look here, Bennett," he continued in an excited voice, "I've been working on this thing for two months. There is a thousand dollars reward offered for the capture of the gang, don't you see, and what I want is the reward." Bennett could not repress a smile. The vanity of this youngster amused him immensely; but Davis was a bright sort of little chap, and a fellow couldn't help liking him. " I've followed up every clue," he went on. " Hundreds of them have amounted to nothing, but I tell you Bennett," and the la is face flushed with the excite ment he felt, "I'm onto the whole deal now, I'd bet my life against a dollar that I can ran these fellows to earth in as couple or days." Bennett was interested now, and he was never wider awake in his life than when, turning sharp round on his heel, he poshed the excited junior member rnto a chair and took up a position be fore him. "Out with it now I What do yon know ?" he said somewhat fiercely. The lad shmrgge his shoulders as a man will who is sure of his position, and replied calmly " Well, turn about is fair play. What do you know ?" " To be frank with you, I have dis owered nothing. The whole case looks just as blank as it did a week ago. when I was put on it," answered Bennett. "That's what I thought," said the youth. "Now, Ill tell yoa something. It's not altogether fame I'm after in this thing, Bennett. I need that one thou sand dollars. Laugh, if you like. Laugh yosr head off. The fact remains that if I had the thousand dollars I'd get mar ried in less than no time." " A laudable idea, my boy-very fine," laughed Bennett. "Er-who is the lady ?" " Dolly Taylor, of Omaha. Sweetest little girl in the world. I have known her all my life-went to high school with her-know all about her, andl love her all the more the more I know of her. There are only two in the family-just Dolly and her mother. There's a brother, somewhere, but he's the black sheep of the family-been in some hbad scrapes, I'm told, but they never men tion him. The father's dead, you know, and it's a case of highly respectable poverty. Well, to cut it short, that thousand dollars would come in awfully handy, and I never miss a chance, Ben nett. Will you help me to carry this thing out? Give me the money, and you take the glory. Will you do it I" "Yes, yes," replied the other hastily. " Now tell me the story." "I had better begin with the most important fact," said Davis, deliberately turning over the leaves of his note book. "Here is the entry. It is dated just three hours ago. It reads like this : "'Godfrey is the counterfeiter'" "Eh I Why, whstthedeuce! IBy George, you are craey. God frey, one of the best all - round newspaper men in the West, a memt er of this gang? Oh, come, Davis, this is all rot-utter idiocy," and Bennett began to 'ace the flor hastily', Then he went on, as though arguing the propo- ? sition in his own mind. "Still, I don't I know, either. There have been one or two queer things--" He glanced at Davis. That young I gentleman hal placidly closed his note hook, and was waiting for his friend to calm down. " Go on with your story," said Ben nett. " It was quite by chance," Davis re sumed, "that I got my clue. I was down at Schae, r's place to-night look ing up a piece of news, when there was a row at the bar. A swell-looking chap had tried to ring a flesh five on Bill, the bar- tender. Bill had him by the scruff of the neck, and was going to send for the police. The man protested violently that be was all right, and offered a large roll of bills in evidence; but Bill was obdurate, and there would have been a pinch all right if something hadn't turnel up in the nick of time. Now, what do you think happened ?" "Give it up." " Just then Godfrey stepped over from one of the billiard tab'es cool as you please, shook hands with the man, swore to the bar-tender that he was all right, and asked hill as a personal favor not to disgrace him by arrest. You know Godfrey is 2hums with every detective and patro'man in the town, and Bill knew him well as the police reporter of our paper. The upshot of the thing was that he just turned the swell loose and apologisel . The latter laughed at the adventure, bought drinks for all the loafers, and everybody forgot it. What impressed me was the ex pression of the man's face. You never in your life saw an innocent man go so white." "Well what then ?" "I kept my eye on the chap, and pretty soon be got over to the table where Godfrey was still playing billiards. They had a brief talk, and, as soon as the game was over, Godfrey went out a'one. There was a big crowd in the place, and he had not seen me. I had a; mind at fi'st to follow him, but on second thoughts deermined to shadoir the other fellow. In a few moments he went out, too. I was on the other side of -the street in a jiff,. He went through the front door of Harper's place on Topeka-street, and I was after him like a shot. As I entered the front door he disappeared through the back door into the alley. Tcere was no one look ing, and like a flash I seized the nig ger's coat from the wall, threw it over my shoulders and waked out into the alley. My hat was pulle t over my eyes and even Dolly would not have known me." "Well?" cried Bennett, who was now visibly agitated. "Well I found them there. They were talking in the shadow of the build ing, and of course I did not dare stop My object was to find them together. That settled the thing in my mind, but I followed farther to make sure. I've tracked them to Godfrey's room, and now I know enough to justify a raid." "You confounded young 'nn!" gasped the excited Bennett, "I believe you're smarter than the lot of us. Hang me, if I don't believe you're right 1" " Right I" exclaimed the youth in a sort of shriek. "Of course i'm right. Why, man, don't you see the game Godfrey's, I mean ? He's a crack o' jack at the business. Knows something about newspaper work, makes application for a job and gets the very ran he most wants-police. He works hard, is a good writer, gets in with all the detec tives and patrolmen, and he knows jest about what they are all doing. Why, he even travelled round with them working on this very case. Right I" addel the excited young sleuth panting for breath. " Why, it's the greatest graft on earth, and the grafter, like Cmiar's wife, above suspicion." When would you suggest making the arrest ?" asked Bennett. "Golfrev will be alone in his room after midnight. We must manage it alone-us two. If the poliee make the capture we shall lose both the credit and the reward. The room is Number Twezity, top floor of the Perry block. It must be done to-morrow night. If anything scares these chaps, it'l be all day with our plans." " To-morrow, then." said Bennett. " Be here at ten o'clock', sharp, and we can arrange details t'ien. I'll take care of Godfrey during the day, and you keep out of sight. Now skip out and go to bed We need a rest before tackling this job. Oh. by the way. bring a gun with you! " he conclude]. The cuckoo clock on Bennett's mantle cackled two as Davis left the apartment At a quarter past twelve Fawcett, the city editor, sat lolling in his spring chair. having one of those little breathing spells that come rarely to a city man on a morning paper. A sudden, almost cyclone, rush into the local room brought Fawcett up standing in an instant. The new arrival was Bennett. Blood was trick log from a long scratch on his' face, and his clothing gave evidence that he was fresh from an encounter. - ." What is it Bennett ? " asked the city editor, scenting a sensation. "Got *em," answered the other, briefly, grasping a tab of paper. "Got the leader of the gsng hIke a rat in a trap. It's Godfrey. We've tied him up, and Davis is standing over him with a gun." "What !" shrieked Faweett, and then recovering himself, " Great Scott! Hot staff. old man I Get right at it ! " Bennett's pencil began to fly swiftly over the paper. "The gang of counterfeiters, whose shrewdness has proved too much for the best detectives in the country, have at last been rn to earth. The details of the capture, and the events leading up tarit, furnishes one of the most remark able pages in criminal history." The rest of the story was never written. The half covered page of copy was torn from Bennett's hand. lHe looked up angrily, for time was short. There, ghastly pale, and trembling from head to foot. stood Davis. " Come out quick i" he gasped. Bennett rushed after him to the elevator. They entered the car just at Fawcett called to Bennett to rush up this copy. "In Heaven's name, what's the matter ?" cried Bennett, excitedly. But Davis only gasped for breath, and pulled the other out of the lift to wards the street door. On-e in the street he spoke. "Jack, yenou must not write that story. I-I've let the fellow go." "What!" "I've let him go, I tell you. For God's sake, don't write the story, Jack. It's my story, and you shan't write it!" as Benuett hesitated before replying "I'll tell you why. After we'd tied the follow up, and yPou came down here to write the story, I saw a girl's picture on the table. I believe my blood almost froze in my veins as I looked at it, for the picture was of her I It was Dolly's photograph-don't you see? The man's her brother-the secapegrace, the vagabond-the-the--" Bennett was undergoing a struggle a terrible strugg'e. If he wrote the story, he would deserve to be kicked all the way to the Pacific coast. If he didn't write it, he would certainly be kicked out of the office. It was Davis who got the story. He knew that well. Yet the parer would never recognize such an excuse. The faces of the twain shane white in the lights of the street lamp. Davis was watching his companion eagerly. " You won't write it, Jack 7" he begged almost piteonely. - " No, old chap, I won't, not if the whole press of the country turns its back on me. Come, youngster, we've got to shake this town. It's too hot to hold us." At daybreak, next morning. two unkempt -fellows boarded a Chicago train at a way station ten miles from Kansas City. The morning paper c.n tained a garbled story about a capture and a daring escape, but the nly two men who knew the inside of the affair were speeding East-ward as fLst as steam could car'y them. The whole affair was a great sensation in niws paper circles, and there were a good many theories evolved to account for the extraordinary behavior of" certain absentees. Bribery was freely hinted at, but there were those who knew that some thing more than money had prompted Bennett to throw up the biggest beat of the year. Little Priest swore pompous!y that he would b'acklis: both mentin every newspaper office in America, but despite the threat Bennett is now one the most valued men in New York. while little Davie has grown into a big. strapping fellow. He is *the sporting editor of a Chicago daily, and his wife is a pretty little girl whose name was Dolly Taylor, and her residence Omaha.: 