Humour. Tho next best thing to owning something j is to be willing to do without it. | A soientlst has disoovered that women£ live longer than men* beoauae they talk mote. *- As regards most ment it if. less dangerous to injure them than to pnt* them under an obligation. 1 Tha way to sleep is to think of nothing/ Bays a soientlst. All an editor has to do is to ruminate over his bank aoboant. 1 Have yon hoard of the sad fate of the novelist TajettiP He oommitted suicide from jealouay beoauso the heroine of his ? ?latest Btory. marries another man.1 — Flie* 1 Oh, for the wings of a dove lf she sang, I As she lifted her voioe and ourlod hor bang ; I Not that sho wanted to fly, but that - 8he thought they'd be aico to trim her hat. '?'Judge. First Belle— « Then both Hew Schulzo and Hcrr L»bmann had mode her on oSor of murriMgo— which was tho lucky man?' S.'oond ditto— 'Herr Sohulzo, H?rr Loh msvnn married her.' 4 1 notioe that you alwayo sit at your wife's left, Mr. Meggs.' 'Yes,' frankly returned Mr. Meggs, 'that's the sido hor glaBsoyo is on.' What is the difforeuoo between a donkoy in the p0B60dsi0n of the Shah and a spiteful aoousation P— One ia a Persian ass nnd the other is an aspersion. Ethel — «Dj you allow Charlos to kisa you whon you aro not yet . engaged to him P' Maud—1 Ijb ian'fc an allowanco. He oalls it a perquisite.' Young Gotnix (aadly) — 'I saw a, sign in a window down the street that exaotly des , cribed my condition* Jinks—' What was | it V* 1 Cash girl wanted.' . ' I hoar youc son has become an aotor ; I how is he getting ou?' * Very well indeed. Ho began as a corpse, and now ho has already advauoed to tho role of a ghost.' Old Lady (in oourtroom) —What a mur dcrous- loosiog villain that prisoner ia I I'd be afraid to get near him. Her husband— 'Sh 1 thut isn't the priooner ; that's tho magistrate.— Pittsburg Dispatoh. BoBtwiok— -'So you followed my advioe, Jagfter, and tried the gold once. You found it effdotivo, didn't you?' Jagater— 1 Very. It took all my monoy and left too nothing to get fall on.'— Truth. Husband— 1 Woo 1 Hoo 1 Good land!* Why do you sot that alftroa olook so that it will go of! liko that just at bedtime f' Wife ' That is to romind me that is's time to wind it up, my dear.' — Fuek. M'ss E derlcigh— 1 1 wonder why they'ro introducing suoh old-fashionad daooes. I can't mauago to leara them.' Miss Oiusti qae — 1 Oh, the steps will all como back to you by and by.'— Chicago J Record. Ciiolly— 1 'It — aw— may be a'l wight, you know, but I— aw— fiud it doosod hard to be lieve that we aro descended from— aw— monkeys.' Miss Smart (after looking him over) — 4 I^don't.' — New York Frees. 4 Ah, love, I would like to listen to you aU night 1' ho said aa he roao to go. Six months after they were married he ohanoed to atop out fifteen minutes after his u)ual hour of return, and ho had hia detire gratified. Inquiring Child— 'Father, there's a lot in this book about O:hello. Who wan Othello?' Father— ' Othello I Why, bl^ia mo, my hoy, do you mean to tell me you go to Sunday school and don't know a simple thing like that? I'm ashamed of you A young lady called at a mnsio shop and asked for gocrething aew in piano musio. 1 The clerk nskod her if it made any differ - i ence how many sharps there wero iu the piooe. 'Oh, no,' she replied, 'not iu the least; for if there are more than two I always soratoh them out with my pen hntfe.' Fweddy — ' Aw— Mipq Ginovwa, could you — aw — live in a fiat?' Mtss Giu«v-va— 4 Yes, but not with one.'— Chicago Tribune . Clairotto— ' What am you going to give me, papa, when I get married?*— Papa— 4 My oonsont, Clairette.' — La Laquette. Jones—1 This cigar you gave me ia a vile one.' Brown—' You don't know a good oigar when I give you one i1 Jones — ' Per haps, not ; but I know a bad one.' Biigga— 'What a severe cold your land lady has.' Griggs— 'Yes. She sat ( in my room for an hour yesterday.' — New York Eerald. 1 What will drive a man to drimk quicker ' than a sharp tongued woman ?' Did you ever try a broilod salt xnaokereU' — New York Press* Hungry Higgina— ' Wot'» right nowadays — I'ank you, or t'anks ?' Weary Watkins — ' I guess tanks would hit us about right}.' — Indianapolis Journal . An Irish offioer tella an amusing experi ence of his in the Indian Mutiny. He was one day inBpeotirg a Highland regiment, when what should he see standing promi nently forward, as a sergeant, in kilc and pblllbeg and all, but a tenant of hia father's from tbo County Gilway. ' Murphy,' said he, is it a Scotchman you ar« now ?' ' The devil a fear of me, Misther James,' replied Murphy, with indignation. ' I'm a Gal way Highlandher, and a Highlandher isn't a Scotchman at ail.' — Speaker ? 