NOVEL The Duke and the Commoner. BY POULTNEY BIGELOW. CHAPTER VII. (Coaiuiuitu.) ! W Ilea tho climax was reached, Un. I Olippiugdile waa Bilent. After what seem ed a long time to Helen, the said, — I ' And you it ally do not intend to be a dachesti C | \- I really do not,' eaid Helen. ' What ate your objections to the duke f ' I * None at all, — as a friend. Bat there is one insnpexable one, mewing him in the light of a husband.' ' Beutnss yon do not lore him P' ? 1 Tea, simply that.' Violet waa again silent. At Inngth she ? iaid, gently, jet with emphasis, 'Ton mar? Mrs. Silverthorne oolored. 4 Yes,' she said, * and baoauso the ex* periment wag a miserable failure, yon think a directly opposite one might be a success.' ' Not neoeBsarily ; bnt the love-matches Bit very often failure's, for. one reason or another. I am not'very worldly, but, some how. I shonld like yon to mary tbe dnke.' ' ' It is aU so different, Violet, from what I ever imagined. I oannot feel that it is meant to be.' ' Naturally it ia different. It is not likely that yon should nave decided in paid blood to marry the Dolce of Assingdon. Bothers he is. Mftdv to Ka mnrpijuV anil T «a««Ai help thinking it ia a good thing. X liked .him at Eats Wood's dinaer, very much. It ,rwonld not be a diffioult thing to oare lor him) I should think,— unless one oared for someone else.* Helen lcoked at Violet with pathetio eyes. ' t did— °I do— oare for some one else,' ehe said. * There, yon are the only human he* ing besides Oonstanod Vinkelberg who knows it.* At lest Violet looked surprised. . ? Where— who is he ?' she csktd, blankly. ' Oh, Hfiles I X thought X knew aU yonr secrete, and here is something— a huge one —that I never guessed.' ' * It happened— two years ago,— before Edward died.' (The lost words in & shame faoed whisper.) 4 You make me curious to know more, 9 arid Violet. And then for tbe first time tbe whole story waa told,— of the few meetings, and the overwhelming ; attraction between the two persons ihas thrown together,— of the struggle between doty and inclination, and the triumph of the former,— of the last good- by at Brighton, and tbe absolute si lence ever Bince, Violet OUppingdale was the wife of a novelist, bat never in ihe midst of his most violent and astounding plots, which he nl dteouttejty ifcgg&^l *he fdt so absolutely ktvea^SSSBSSukMit eashe : did at tills \ ' - '« One thing fa* yet- «gU§ \ : * Helen, what waitis ? r* ! 'Viotor Pistorius.* ? ' ? A sudden cliange^ro^ov^yiojeVfi faoeT '] 4 Helen ! oh, Helen ! and I saw that name yogterdayin &&ali;$nani whioh Was sent to Horaoe f -Oh,-il- it.«ft0w7£ be the same !' Helen half slatted up. ~ ' 'No, no ; not dead, but— you af-Alf fee. the paper.1 Aud lira. OUppingdale tan from the room. Boon U return breathless ' with Qatiynani in her hand. Helen read the -paragraph tolvhlchher \ sister-in-law pointed. Itwastheocoount ol a marriage solemnised ia Paris tiro weeks before between a Dutchman and a French* woman, and the name of the bridegroom \ waa Victor Pistorius. ' One more bnbble had b&rst;, one more deep-rooted hope was torn up, one more il lusion was gone. ' From the moment when Helen Silverthorne knew that Pistorius had given himself to j another 'woman, she was a changed creature. ' The past— a sorrowful and disappoinglng one — was over, and a brilliant and promising t present had begun. Before the month of ' probation hadexplted, the duke's question ' was unexpectedly answered In this wise. 1 A. few days after Helen's arrival in Ar lington Street, Horaoe OUppingdale was ] returning home oue afternoon, when he gad denly met the Doke of Assingdon. The two men had met- before, at lire. Wood's 1 dinner, and had had some conversation whioh j bad tended to waxde mutual liki&g.; There* fore (and on aooount also of the position of ' affairs aeuUme&t;&li; Horaoo warmly wel* ® oomed the doke to Boattitf, «nd pressed him c to dine with him that evening. ' AssSnsdon, c nothing loath, accepts*; and, as Violet eoBtatioftlly observed when she beard It, 1 ?Helen's late was sealed.1 j Both women felt it to be a truly tnonu* mental oooaeion. JSren Horace wrote more briskly than was fcta ivont, and his pen | seemed automatically to trace the oonrse of a duoal romance. . j5 The potential dnohess was oool And ool* J looted outwardly,— Inwardly rath*er reck lew. 0 Violet told her repeatedly tiiat after dinner she-should run up-ltairs to look at the baby 0 . (a morsel of only a few months* sfcsndlog), Horaoe would have something pressing to * attend to ia the study, and tk*n worn be . the duke's opportunity. ' - ' r 1 Helen listeodedaomewb&t; leoguldly, ezidl went on dressing her hair. Half .past seven arrived, and with it the ' duke. It was no ubo drilling the ftew Bug land handmaiden to announce him properly. A duke was to her no more than tbe milk man, and not half so oonvinoing, for o f tbe one of them she had daily experience, while the other was never met with save iu arlsto* j cratio romanres in whioh he figured as an impossible personage. So Aseingdon entered , unannounoed. He found the OlTpplngdalea, and no one eUe. He was more than usually affable,— explained that he oould not go West, without 8etiag3o8ton1----aBoh a charm ing town,— very English (the highest praise he dould bestow!, — and all tbe time his keen eyes were fixed on the door. Violet was be ginning to fidget, and.the dinner was begin ning to be spoiled, and when no one oould i e&dure; it a&o;&et; moment the door opened, and Mrs. Silverthorne walked in. She was i dressed' iu* .the puteet white,— the white 'of the snowdrop, not of ivory, — a white whioh i none but a perte4t$ompUxian eau fearlessly surmount. Her ejres were e tarry in their j brightness, her cheeks a burning pink. He .knew wheu he saw her tbat he was to have bis answer ; and a sudden strong love leaped up within him with a foroe that shook his heart. She was exquisitely composed ; only her | eyes and ohetfcs were burning. She gave him her hand for one instant, and eat down. I * How do yon do, duke?' &he; said. * Are 1 yon on your way.to the Weatf I Few women ate devoid of the feline in* sfcinct, thoo'gh In good ones it is more the playfulness of the innOoent kittens before their claws are strong. Aesingdon felt like a mouBe between two velvet paws. Under the droumBtances dinner ought to have been doll ; bnt, .strangely enough, it waa not. . Helen was aU steely brightness aud -sparkle. Her lover became almost lo quaoions,^ and when both were n^lenti the OUpplngdalea filled the pause?, Assingdon explained how he had drifted to Boston, and the explanation involved a greater play : of imagination on bis part than was usual with mm. He Spoke, also, of England and the life there, mentioned his boy at Eton find his daughter in Cornwall, and altogether took bis companions into his confidence in a way whioh charmed them. After coffee in the drawing-room — for the men did not sit over their wine many minutes [ — the prearranged ory of the infant up* ; stairs was supposed to be heard. Violet ex cused herself and hastened to her offspring. Horaoe pleaded exoeialve work required iu the last -ohapters of his novel, and strolled into the study. Almost before he was gone, Assingdon crossed the room to where Helen was sitting on a deep sofa, one arm embracing a soft blue cushion. ' May I have hall (Ills sofa ?' he asked. 'It is like the traditional goose, —too mpoh lor one aud not enough lor two,' laughed Helen. * You may sit these, oppo site to. me, where I cab talk to yon without or∋&g; my neok.' rJlWi th a slight grlmeoe, he obeyed orders. * Well,' he began, * are you glad to Bee me?' 4 Very t&uob; surprised, ' said Helen, tan* talieingly. ' Qlod, 1 said.' ' And surprised, I said. This is not the way to the wild West, you know.* *1 decided not to go. I went to your house yesterday, having kept away as long -as I oould, and loand you badgone,— which I thought was rather a nasty trlok to play me : don't you P Nelly and the other little woman, however, oame down to see me, and told me where you were : so I oame.' 4 Very underhand in yoo, X oall it, io be worming my seorets out of a smell child.' ' You don't really think that P Do you i know yoo look muoh kinder to-night than X ; have ever seen you P— and more beautiful, i tooP You'll not send me away again, will I youP' , Me came nearer to ber, end lightly touched ; a fold of her fioating gown. 4 Does this white dress mean that yon have stopped mourning ?' he asked* * It means,' said Helen, deliberately, ' that ihe past is g0ne~snd forgotten.' Their eyes met. ' X did not know,' he cried, ' till to»nlght, how much I loved yon* I will not go away again nnJessl take you with me.' He held out his arms to her, but she did not stir. 'Helen, you are not playing with mef* he asked, uncertainly* 4 You wiU be my wife P' # ' I have,' ehe said, one slim hand keeping him at atm's length, 1 a sort of a heart,— a ghost of oae,-~wbi&h; you. may have, if you still want it.r 1 Want it l' he exclaimed. 'X should think 60 1' This time he took her into his arms, unrepulsed, and she felt his kiss upon her mouth. Whether in that moment she was glad or sorry she did not know. OHAfTER VIII. The New York papers were nob long Sn getting hold of the engagement, and how they dealt with it I leave the natives of New York to imagine. What was printed, how ever, was nothing to what was said. When a man publishes a statement he runs a oer tain risk, even in a country 'where the libel laws are a dead letter ; bnt when a woman states a thing verbally, who is to oonviot herP . Among all the women who were amazed Q^J^engagement, not jone was more sur finding ah eAbryo -duchess, .Aesto^o£?ih*$' aotually blushed, and stammered outp— ? . 'Helen has .mede me very happy— we want your blessing— she is going to be my wife.* . — And-H*len-b*aWca,-ber band still belt io hls/~in a' state pf did! 'iuiprlse# as'if 'the whole thing was a mystery. '? She Insisted :on going home' next day to her children. She felt (ike a trator towards them,, th^ngh-ebe .had taken a step 'sue to advance their interests. Of course the duke went, too. He elected elIbo to go by the same train ; and} as he began to be very muoh in love, ihe other oo supants of the dr&wfng-room; car lound the time pass . pleasantly . as . they watohed the pair. He was already asking her to 'name tbe lay.' This request she constantly parried. . * I have my opinion of matrimony,* she said, as they parted at the door of her house. 1 Oome to tea to-morrow, and X will tell it you.' ..'Not till tea-time P' be said, auite wist* toll?. ' Certainly not. I shall have lots to do,' ihe answered waywardly. * Order your tbinge, then. Woman al* vaysgetbespB.of eloueSf^on't they, when .hey are to be married f ' ' Oh, I shan't want a trousseau for an ige,' ehe cried, defiantly, as the door olcsed ; -n her pretty fsoe and hid ber from bar over. It seemed curious that he had not expressed inrprise at the anddeu reversal of her former leoision; but' perhaps he had known bis -wn value too well to despair. Helen was not quite herself. She waB lervous and exolted, afraid of allowing her elf to think, or to consider what she biwl lone. She ran up-Btairs, to the day nursery, aB oon as she entered, the house . On the floor, inllding blook houses, sat the two blooming hildren, and by the window sat Janet, sew* og diligently. After a stormy welcome com the little girls, Helen sat down in the hair whence she had dislodged tbe nurse* . 'Janet,' she Baid. 'what do you say to oy being a duchess r The face of the Sootohwoman lighted up, nd her expressive dark eyes flashed, (To sb oomiruKD.) 