I Br D. Gaecta. “ You’re never surprised at anything, eh, ' lad? Well, I used to Bay the same until—‘ But there, suppose I tell you the story. “ It’s nigh on twelve years ago that the event 1 I’m going to relate to you occurred, hut the re- t collection of it is as fresh in my mind as though it e had only happened yesterday. ■ • “ At' that time I was acting as private 1 trainer to Squire Alton, and a better, hinder, c or truer-hearted English gentleman I Dover wish s Things had gone very had with us oil? that | season, and I hnew that tho squire, who was a c heavy bettor, must have dropped it to a tidy rj tune, but I had no idea matters were as queer t os they were. However, I was soon to find c out. c “ I was sitting in my snuggery ouo evening, t musing gloomily enough over our past non success, and despondently wondering it the r luck ever would change, when a rap came at s the door, ond iu response to my mechanically t uttered ‘Come in,’ there entered the squire o himself. 8 “To say I was surprised is but to giye a 1 faint idea of my astonishment, for I had thought him iu Loudon, two hundred, miles ’ away. Ho moiled as he walked across the r room to greet me—such a wan, weary smile it - was, too, the mero ghost of his old-time jo. viality. 1 “•You didn’t expect to-see me, did you, , Brown ?’ he said, as we shook hands. ‘ But 11 there, I know you- did not. Yon won’t he L surprised, however; when-I* tell you my reason for coining.,1 Just give me a brandy and Boda, •and I’ll explain all about it. ’ “He emptied the glass at a gulp. ‘“Now,” he said, as he put it down, ‘ let’s get to business. In the first place, what should you think Vixen could win-the Berkshire- Cup “ ‘ Eleveu stoue seven,’ I answered promptly. “‘Bight,’ he soid; ‘and I1 think so too. Well,, hero’—and ho drew a slip of paper from his pocket-hook—‘ are the weights, aud sho has only oleveu stone to carry.’ “‘Why, squire,” I cried, eagerly, ‘it's a moral—that is, of course, if you ride your self.’ “ ‘ Oh, I shall ride her, never fear;’ and- he added, grimly, ‘ I've too much- at stake to bo 1 out of that.’ ‘.‘For a few moments he reraaiued silont, . | gazing sadly into the fire; then he spoke again: “ ‘ Brown,’ ho said, ‘ I daresay you’ra ■ wondering what on earth I wanted to leave ■ town for simply to bring those weights do wn-, when you might have seen them for yourself in . a few hours' timo. But that is not all. I have \- something olse to tell you. As you know, I’ve 1 been losing heavily all the season; and the 1 defeat of Bfed Boy last week was a-fair facer. . Racing debts, though, I might have managedj [ but yesterday I received the news that a mine . in which I held an enormous number of' shares 1 is practically worthless. To cut a long story I ; short, the plain fact is that I’m on the verge of , ruin, and batone chance is left me of extricating : i myself from'my difficulties. The Larkshiro Clip ' I must win, and Vixen is the mare that must do 1 the trick.’ < 1 ‘“She can, and shall.’ I exclaimed, ex citedly. i “ ‘ Well, I-hope so,’he said, quietly—‘ not so i much for my own sake, as for hers;’and I saw 1 a tear steal slowly down his cheeks. 1 “I knew whom ha meant. Two- great i trouble?, it had been the equire’s fate- to battle i with during his lifetime. The first had come years and years before, when his twin brother. 1 to whom he was passionately attached, had [ disappeared, and1- never since boon seen- or i heard of. The second wa3 the death-of his l wifo, who, dying in child-birth, had' be 1 queathed him: as a heritage* of love Alice, his 3 golden-haired, blue-eyed daughter. It was of her he was thinking. Gambler ho might be; 1 and as a gambler-ho coold meet the blow; .but , that she—his darling, the core of his heart—— { Ah, I understood how he felt just then. , j “Long through the night—far, indeed,-into i the early hours of the momiug—we sat iu a earnest conversation, discussing the plan of campaign, and-when at length the squire took j his leave, there was even a trace of the by gone light-heartedness in his ‘Good-bye, ■ Brown; wo shall weather the storm yet.’ } “ You can imagine mine was a pretty anxious a time during the next month. Luckily, Vixen t for once was inclined to have a long spell of l good temper, and so progressed in her training. 8 all that could be desired. During Hie last week 1 the squire came down to put her through her 3 winding-up gallops, aud her ladyship fairly delighted us both;. s “ • We shall do it, Brown,’ said he, on the • morning before the race, as we watched the 3 stable-lad lead her away; ‘she’ll win in a j cantor to-morrow. I shall ran up to town this t afternoon and have another- • monkey’ on. a Might as well he hung for a sheep as a lamb.’ ’ “It was a glorious day, and as I cantored 3 towards the course, oven the knowledge of s what was at stake failed to stay my rising a spirits. > “I thought to have found the squire there, 7 hut not seeing him, I strolled > into the ring to j hear how the betting was going. Vixen was second favorite, the leading posi \- tionen the lists being held by Good Lad, a 8 clever chaser, I knew, and the only animal I believed to threaten danger. 3 “The big event was set for three o’clock, l and half an hour before that time I made my : way towards tho paddock for the purpose of ‘ putting tho finishing touches upon the mare. - “ I had still seen no signs of tho squire, and, certainly felt somewhat uneasy, but no thought f of any accident entered my mind. Scarcely had I entered, however, when I saw a tele 9 graph boy approaching, and in another moment 1 I had torn tho - message open and knew the f truth. t “ Papa dangerously ill,’ it said. ‘Getanother ’ jockey.’ [ “That waa all; hut it was enough, I tell t you, to completely stun me for the time being, t ‘Get another jockey’! Where? In lier bad 1 fits Vixen was a ebe-dovil. Witn tho squire , she seldom belied her name, but in the hands of t a stranger she was a mad horse. Bike one in a • dream I walked over to where the lad woslead 3 her round. 3 ‘“It’s all up, Dick,’ I said, while the lump a in my throat seemed to grow , bigger and r bigger; ‘ the squire’s ill—can’t ride—and ” “I stopped suddenly, as I caught.the ex pression on my listener’s face. His eyes were starting from their sockets, and his whole expression was one of frightened surprise. With an exclamation of impatience, I turned on my hoel, and then I, too, stood rooted to the spot with astonishiuout, for there, iu front ci me, looking like one just risen from the dead, was he whom hut a few moments before I had believed to be lying dangerously ill,, perhaps dying, miles and miles away—the. squiro himBelf! . ‘“Squire Alton.” I gasped. . “He made no‘reply. ' Colorless as a corpse, the awful pallor of his tace Bhown up all the the more vividly by the brightbine of his racing-: jacket—for he was fully equipped for. riding— he stood for more than a minute like a statue or stone. Suddenly a convulsive shudder agitated his limbs, and thon, his countenance still weary ing the same' expressionless stare,. he strode slowly past me towards Vixen, swung himself into the saddle, and cantered away to-the starting post. “What did it mean? Here in my hand lay .the telegram telling me of his illness, and yet, not three hundred yards away, I could see him, ■ in the dear old Alton colors, sittiog Vixen with ’ the easy grace I knew so well.. Was I mad . or. Idmaming? ' ■■[■■■ J: - “I watched the field.aa.they drew-into line,. sawthefleg fall,'and they .were off.. ’ : “Astiff bit of coantry. was tha-I«kihi*n 1 Cup course—thrso miles and a hall nearly genuine hunting plough,' ditch, wobd and watef, Something in rad shot out from' the rest asf thoy landed in a lino over the first obstacle, and made tho running in advance of the favorite; King Tom, a slashing chestnut, coming third, and Vixen next. “By the stand., the first timo, tho order of the leading quartet was unchanged, but tho rest of . the field had dropped bach, and wero evidently already out of it. Halt way through tho plough, tho second time, the leader came buck to . his horsss clean pumped out, Good Lad now going - on first, with King Tom next, and Vixen snaking.along third, a couple o! lengths behind. “Thir next jump, » double post and rads, proved fatal to the chance of King Tom, he over-jumping and coming a fearful cropper. There wore now hut a few small fences between that and thfEwater, and my heart gave a throb of hope as Iattw the beauSiuIlong, low action of Vixen take'Her stealing up:to thb tjoarters of thefavorite. ...... ■ “Hf tv yards from the crucial test they were neck and neck. . I saw tho squire sit down to ride; I saw the btilliantiy-tinted jackets rise in the air; there was-a wild yell from a muttitud of throats, and as Vixen cams centering up tup straight atone, I knew it was all over-bood Lad was down, and Ihe cup was aM our own. “TViih a cry of delight I turned towards tun weighing-room. I had some little' distance go, and as X reached the entrance X met the squire coming out. • . “‘So it lias come off lr- X cried. I'knew it iW“He never spoke. With the same1'rigid ' expression upon hi3 face as it had worn before the iacs, his eyes staring, into vacancy,, he brushed past me, and in another moment' had mingled with the crowd and disappeared. “ It was heyouil iny comprehension; and until the mystery was unravelled I- 'could not rest. By the next train I went up td town, and pro ceeded to the squire's residence. I asked IMr his daughter. She came, a look of intense anxiety upon herfoaturoB. “‘Well,1 chosaid, ‘liow is it? Have you W°”won!’ I repeated, with surprise. ‘Why, haven’t you heard? Of course we have. V ixen came homo alone, and tho snuiro never rode a. finer race in his life.” . ‘“Thesquire!” shecriod, astonished in her ^“•’Yes.’Isaid; ‘but I couldn’t make him out. lie Dever spoke a word to me alltbe time he was ou the course.’ ’ “ ‘The squire!’ she agaiu repeated. Impos sible! Why, papa is lying ill at- this very moment in his room. He has never left his bed Bince early this morning!' “But I tell you’- I commenced, and then suddenly stopped, while for the setoud time that day X almost doubted my own‘samty, for the door had been noiaelewly opened, am* there; iuet inside the room, stood Squire Alton looking hie- old- time self indeed,, the ruddy bronze of vigorous health on his cheek*. an his eye* as keenly bright as of yore. ' “For a few moments he stood, evidently enjoying our astonishment; then hia voico broke the spell-: _ . T “Do- not he afraid,’ he said; and now I noticed that tho ring of his tones differed from my old master’s, flam no ghost, yet neither am I squire Alton.. Bnt sit down, young lady,. and you, air, and I'll explain tho myetery fU<‘Mechanically we obeyed, and he followed 8U“'‘ And now,’ he said, addressing Miss Alton,' • ‘did you never hear of your father’s twin’ brother—your Undo George ?’ “ * Why, yes,’ said Miss Alton, ‘ many times. But surely you are not—;—’ ‘“He. Indeed, hut I am. Listen. Eighteen. years ago I left home-why, it matters not— hut from that day to last week not a single soul around the whole placehas kuowu my where abouts, or if I; were alive or dead. 1 had never thought to set foot on England’s shores again, but somohow the tramp fever burned ibel! oat in the end-; alonging for the old scenes took its place, and a month ago X- landed at home, sweet home/ once more. ‘“I had first intended to flee the squire, my brother immediately, but a few chance words I- heard dropped at my club oausod me to ohange my mind. The words •» refer to gave me a faint idea of my brother’s position, and by dint of judicious inquiries I was soon in posses tiou ot tho facts of the case. I. knew that un less Vixen won, the squire was • ruined beyond all redemption. “ ‘Poor papa!’ murmured- his daughter. u 4 Well, I had, unknown to my brother, watched him on-several occasions, and X saw that his nerves were being gradually wrought into such a state of tension that they might snap at any moment, and a serious illness result. Anticipating, therefore, some sum thing has occurred, I made my arrangements accordingly. To secure my qualification as a gentleman rider was easy enough. Years in the Baddle out West has made me a horseman with few equals. I knew every inch of the Larkshire Cup course from experienced gamed as a hoy. The main difficulty was Vixen. If she cut up rough it was all over, some extent I smoothed away that trouble. Old Joe Biggs, your stud groom, has been i th9 Alloa service since when a lad. To him went, revealed my ideutity, and stated my plan Ho fell in with it at once, and through his instrumentality X had a few half-hours in the mare’s company, that put us on the bes. of terms with each other.. So, when this morning the blow fell which I had feared all along, I had everything in train for operations. The rest you know. I rode Vixen, and X don t, mind saying that a more comfortable ride I never had in my life. Mine was a wild-act, hut it came off.’ ‘ “ ‘But yoar awful whiteness?’ I cried, still doubting. , , “He laughed. ‘ Oh, I didn’t “ storm barns” for a couple of years with a dramatic-company without learning how to “make up.” So now you know the whole Btory, and all there is to • do is to tell the squire of -Vixen's victory—it Will do him more good than physic, I’ll be bound — and then, immediately he’s well enough, we’ll all go down to the old place to getherr’. , . . “And tine was done. The load of anxiety onee removed from his mind, Squire Alton steadily improved—joy at being re-united to his brother materiallyjhelping him on to re covery—and in a few weeks’ time he was about, again, as well and hearty as -fiver. ■. “Now, what I wish to Bay is this: It voc are never surprised at anything, I’m not ashamed to confess that a more astonished man never breathed than‘yours truly’ the day he solved the mystery as to ‘ Who rode Vixeu . —“ Weekly Budget.’’ 