'COREA AND THE CHLLNA JAPAN WAR.' This wai the subject of a lecture de livered in the Congregational Church on Monday night by Mr. S. B.' Kemish. Owing to the night being an extromoly disagreeable one the attendanc3 waa not quite bo large as was expected. The icuuuic jjiuvou tu uo ui u vory uii-u« cat* ing nature and was listened to with much pleasure. Mr. A. C.unpboil, M.P., occupied the chair. Mr. Kemish, in the course of the lec ture, said that so fnr no British survey of Corea has ever beou made, and if ono had to be done it would provo a very difficult task as the country was very mountainous, the highest summit being 8000ft. abovo sea level end alw.iys covered with snow. The soil was very fertile, almost.all kinds of fruit being grown, which, however, were inferior to the English in quality. 'The principal animals were small horseo, cattlo, and dogs, tho latter being laiguly used for food. Corea aho had tho reputition of being richly abundant in minerala and lead, iron, and coal were mined with skill. A writer in the Fortnightly Review had said tint he had come ucross somo remarkably clever people in Corea, thus showing that they had the capacity for learning. The kingdom of Corea was divided into eight provinces and possessed fourteen walled towns, tho gates of each of these being opened at' sunrise and shut at Buneet. The palace grounds were rather pretty, and when the King appeared in public ib was a very anxious time for his people, as the laws i elating to his Majesty wer9 so ex act and had tc be obeyed to the letter. The roads offered very few facilities for travelling, so tnac ttie trade was princi pally carried on by porterage. The houses were constructed in a very flimsy manner, one storey high, and earth floors. The men all wore stockings and wide pantaloons. The national hat was com posed of straw, and was made in such a manner that ib did nob protect their heads from either the sun or the rain and altogether was a very uncomfort able sort of hend-gear. The dress of the women was also very novel, being com posed of large padded pants with a jacket that left both breasts bare, this being a very barbarous custom. The women for the moat part were very hand some, bub were seldom seen, and as a rule were held in very low estimation by the men. In regard to marriage the bride and bridegroom did nob know each obher till they met on the marriage plat form, all the arranging being done by the elder people interested before hand. Infanticide and exposure among the women were almost unknown and filial piety waB very good. If a son met bis father on the road he bowed in the most humble manner, and when the father died the eldest son took the father's place at the head of the house. He was very sorry to say that the people were very fond of intoxicants. Corea was one of the pooresb countries in the world and much of the poorness could be laid ab the feeb of strong drink. When a man at dinner got that drunk that he relied under the table, if he had any friends dining with him, they, instead of being diegusted, would congratulate him for being able to afford so much wine. The British and Foreign Bible Society's report for the last year states that the Coreans are in the pooresb condition im aginable, and altogether it was a God forsaken country, and even in times of peace everyone in Corea . looks sad. If you speak to a Corean on his position he will ask you what is the use of his working when his money is all taken away by an angry magistrate, and alto gether they look as if there was no hope in life for them. Whatever was the out-, come of the present war between Japan and China ib could make much differ ence bo the Coreans, because thoy could nob possibly be any worse off bhan bbey are ab bhe presenb time. The king of Corea in his own country reigns absolute and the inhabitants were compelled to work for him three months out of each year. The palaces were rather good buildings. The Corean army was a very strange sight. The soldiers, clad in old fashioned clothes, armed with oldfash ioned Bpears, guns of all ages, shapes, and sizes, formed a very conrcal picture indeed. Corruption was universally and openly cariied on. The criminal cases were decide! by the military com manders and decapitation was the prin cipal punishment awardad for crime. Buddhism was the religion and identical with the Chineae, and saorilices of pigs. slieep. and other goata were oOered The belief in spirits common. Serpents were greatly foa J and respected and wero fed a, by the Coroana as they took their own meals. Superstition was the real TJ fiion and they imaginod the rivers to k infested with a'l kinds of ghosts ond aH their sacrifices ha.l « ie;D,)0rttl a, view. Corea was first mentioned „ Chineae history, 1122 n.c, The policy 0| Russia was to always keep a force of vessels around Japan and the pos^ioa of this country would give »ny nation » grand supply of everything. The lecturer said that there was little doubt that beforo long Japan would bccorae nsso ciated with Russia. Dining a time ol comparative peaco, China has been made to yield up provinces larger than Great Britain that the Government ot Pekio felb too weak to resist. Japan was acting in tho present conflict just as England would hive acted under tho same circumstances. Tho crisis had come and they had to fight in selfdo fence. Japan did not wish nor had she ever wished to possess Corea, She had entered the struggle as the champion of progi e3s and with % well-filled treasure .cho3t, and the heart of every intelligent J apaneso was in the war. They were a proud race and were endowed with much enthusiasm, Japan in spite of her mis takes stood out for the best, and her law juaw.jr uuiuiuuucruu. unina stood p out for darkness. Hor laws wero bit barons, and her idols the cause of stag. nation and isolation. $ Mr. F. Woodward moved, and Rer, 13 E. T. Miles seconded -'Tiiat a hearty q ?voto of thanks be accorded the lecturer,' j-3 This was carried by acclamation, i A similar compliment to the chairman ?:j brought the meeting to a close, p 