SPECIAL 'TRUTH' CABLES. The English Lib'ral Federation Has held a spout of indignation Against the Peers of rank and station For clinging Home Rule legislation. Ta-ra-ra-booui- de-ay. H. Campbell Bannerman, trie blood, Says Joey Chainberlain'6 new dud, The National Party called, egud, is born of spite and built on mud. * Ta-ra- ra-boom-de-ay. * ? * The French have lost a man or two Through sleeping sound in Timbuctoo ; i'he natives- came and saw and slew, And made a bloody how d'ye do. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay. * * * Saghalion horrors ! AVoe betides — Man-eating, murders, suicides ; For death is courted where abides What feudal discipline there hides. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay. * ? * Another plot in wild Brazil, A few moreehot, a few left still, And Malta lias its marriage mill So mixed — the Pope won't pass tbe Bill. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay. 'The Throno'e imperilled,' John Burns said ; ' And Salisbury better mind hie head, lteinemb'ring bow King Charles went dead ; We'll drive those Peers who won't be led,' Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay. * * * Now Germany, as if by chance, Leads Russia a commercial dance, While Italy Leoks on to France — A new combine, a new advance. Ta-ra-ra-becm de-ay. Princess Victoria Eugenie, O£ Battenburgian familee, Has buster'd ofi! a horse, we see. And really seems close up U.P. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay. o ?? o Warships Katoomba, Wallaroo, Will both receive commanders new, Jule Baker takes Katoomba's crew The other'3 Captain Graham's due, Ta-ra-ra-booni-de-aye. * * * Tbe same advices aleo doom a Commander S. A. Johnson, whom a Rewarding fate has made assume a Chief lead on warship ltfngarooina. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ayo. * * * Th1 Australian flagship, understand, oh, Will not be now the old Orlando ; The Crescent its Guocessor'e planned, oh, And Captain Craige's got command, oh* Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-aye. De Game's wounded in Brazil ; There's cholera in Tarkey still ; And India says she never will Import more silver to her till. \- TararaboomdeBye There's fear in Paris, coming from An Anarchist, Breton by nom. He fireworks'd 20 men, by gom. By throwing of a sardine bomb, Ta-ra-ra-booni-de-aye. m m e Such hurricanes round Britain's coasts ! And life-boats now fill all tbe toasts ; For 75 men — thus the boasts — Were saved from being briny ghosts. Ta-ra-ra-boom-dc-aye. In Yankeeland a blizzard riz, And executed fearful biz, At Oklahoma (where Injin is) To death were twenty poisons friz. Ta-ra-ra-boom- de-aye. Tbe London agitator's up, And brewing new a bloody cup, By urging famished men to sup. When they have hanged each Tory pup. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de- aye. * * v . One, Mr. Harry Wyndham. Carter, A man who is some titles arter, Has sworn be'll make tbe Queen a martyr. And choke Her Gracious with her garter. Ta.ra-ra-boom-de-aye, i» . « There's Robert Reid, of MolbournoBpluttor, Is ready sentiments to utter, From Bilycr coinage down to butter ; From tbingB of gilt to things of gutter. Ta-ra-i a beom-de-ayo. * ? ? Tbe Xew South Wales Electoral Act Declared to be a bogus fact — Aud England's lawyers best have- backed The point Thctii recently attacked. Ta-ra ra-boom- do-aye. But they will have the measure still, ] So needn't take their gruel ill ; j Tbe British Parliament, it will Bring in a Validating Bill. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de- aye. * * * The smart burlesque they call ' Don Juan' — Comparatively it's a new 'un — Is interdicted as a blue 'uu Because it suows bow harems do 'un. Ta- ra-ra-boom-de-aye The funny fabric of a fay-brick ! One Dr. Tyndall, who is a brick, Would hypnotise jugg'd Mrf. Maybrick, Who's been a somewhat loose and gay brick. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-aye, » * « New South Wales receives a line ; A syndicate, resolved to shine, Ib formed to work the Bingara shrine, The Monte Christo Diamond Hiae. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-aye. Mr. Kinley, tariff hero, bo', Has been returned for Ohio ; So Yankeelaud's not dead, you know, Nor is it Freetrade yet, by jo ! Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-aye. 