Under tlie Shadow of Grime or THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAYEN. By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of a "Girl in a Thousand," "Sealed by a Kiss," "By Fair Means," "Touch and Go,"'&o;, All Queensland Rights Reserved. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I. and II. — Sir Louis Dunravon, of Aboyne Court, has two nophowB, Clement Dunravon and Pioroo Vaughan. Tho baronot Wishes tho former to marrv Ladv Gertrude Versohoylo, and mukes it a condition of him leaving him his property that ho should pro- poso to hor at onoo. He consents, but with a Bcorot sorrow. Fioreo Vaughan, who is in lovo , with Gertrude, determines thut ho will discover the secret of his cousin, and accidentally finds a note iu the following terms : " Dearest Clem, . —Thanks for your darling noto. I will moot you at tho usual pluco on Tuesday at dusk — . Your over loving Beta." Glomont doos us his unolo desires him, and proposes to and is \- aocoptcd by Lady Gertrudo. Pioroo Vaughan hears of tbo engagement with obngrin. As ho in walking in tho grounds trying to cool his fevored brow, ho distinotly sees u strange woman leavo thom. So suddenly had she appeared and disappeared that she seems like a ghost. CHAPTER 'HI. — ( Continued.) It was quite true that Lisheth possessed beauty far surpassing the average given to women, and the prophecy that it would bring her to ruin was called forth by tho fact that she declined to boBtow herself on "Will Mathers, the well-to-do son of the principal draper in Coleshill, and had also . refused a very genteel young chemist who had lately come to settle thore. "What the girl wanted no one could guess, but that she was an arrant fool, they all agreed. For if she thought that old Josh Glendinning had a pile of sovereigns tied up in an old stooking, she was muoh mistaken. He had dribbled away all his patrimony long ago. LiBbeth, however, heeded no remarks . that reached her, and kept herself as muoh away from the townsfolk as pos sible, never going into ColesbiU, except when she was forced to do so, to buy some of the frugal fare by whioh she and old Josh managed to keop body and soul together. Of late she had gone still less into the town, having sent a littlo girl, the daughter of some poor people who lived near, to do her errands, thus bringing down upon herself a still greater ava lanche of remarks, as the question passed from mouth to mouth, querying whother the Glendinnings had had a fortune left them. For the last week everyone had been far too muoh taken up with Lady Maroia Foliambe's ball to give muoh heed to IiiBOeth and her affairs; and luoky for her that it was so, for events in hor life were arriving at a crisis whioh would scarcely have borne the investigations of the public gaze. How beautiful she looked. as Bhe leant against the doorpost at the hack of the cottage. Yet it was a beauty touohed by sorrow, her face usually suffused with bright oolour was pale us death, her dark eyes shone with a feverish lustre. Some thing had happened whioh had shakea the very foundations of faith and happi ness. It was two days after. Lady Maroia Foljambe's ball, old Josh had had a stroke of paralysis in the morning hours, as tho carriages passed his gate ou their return from the festivities, end he lay upstairs siok unto death, it wus feared. It was, however, scarcely Josh's illness that, affected Lisbeth so closely. She had for a long time expected that the end would come, perhapB almost craved it, since Josh was both cruel and hard to her. There was something stirring the depths of her heart, nearer her own inner life than poor old selfish Josh's approaoh- lng dissolution. ' Onoe or twice as she stood there, Bhe shielded her eyes with her hand, and looked aoross the meadows as if she ex pected to see someone coming. Not a oreature was in sight, but at last sho heard a footstep coming round the cottage from the front, and the orimson oolour rushed madly from brow to throat. Another minute and a man's arm was round her, and she was drawn convul sively to his heart. 'My Bett, my beautiful, my own, thank God I see you once again.' But Lisbeth struggled violently, and freeing herself from his embrace, stood before him, proud and oreot, looking at him with an expression of mingled mockory and soorn. 'How dare you,' she cried, ' how dare you come here after — ' Her words seemed to ohoke her, and the sentence endod in a convulsive sob. ' My dearest Bett, what do you mioan ?. . "Why you sent for me ? "What has hap pened ? What do you know ?' . . She mastered her emotion with' a vigorous effort, and, trying to speak t calmly, said in a low tone, 'I know that .'Clement Dunraveu is false.' ' Ay,' he answered, 'false as hell. You are right. It is to tell you this that I have come here to-day.' 'False to her, or false to me ?' she asked, looking at him fixedly with her \- large eyes. . . ' Good heavens, do you doubt me for a . moment! FaiBe to her, of oourae, since you are my love, my life. But how do you know anything about her, my dar- 'I was at the boudoir window on the \- night of the ball. I saw you oirclo your mms about hor waist, as you have often ciroled them about me. I could have cried with pain at tho sight. I saw your lips move as if uttering those words of love I know so well, and 1 saw her languishing eyes turned in adoration on your face. Yes, Clement, I saw all this, nhd I am still alive. Alive and looking into your false face.' ( My Bett, my lovo, I oame hero to-day to tell you the whole truth, to throw my- aolf on your generoaity, to appeal to tho strong love which I know you bear mo. I am in no way to blumo for what bus happened. It iB all tho fault of my unole Louis I care no more for Lady Gertrude Verschoyle's love than I do for the pebbles \- in front of the doorway- But Sir Louis says that unless I marry her he will leave me without a single sixpence in the world.' ' But I am your wife,' said Lisbeth ; 'for the sake of coin you would commit this sin.' 'God knows if I had a moderate in come I would not be mercenary, my poor Bett. I eannot steal ; to beg I am ashamed ; and if I asked for work who would give mo any to do ? He would be a sorry fool who employed me.' ' No, you cannot work ; that is not to he thought of,' Bhe said with a faint smile, evoked even iu this hour, of de speration by the idea of Olement Dun- raven doing any work. ' What, then, can I do but obey Sir Louis, and go through the farce of this marriage.' ' But I am your wife. A man accord ing to the English law oannot marry two wives.' 'Not unless the. first one gives her consent.' K . 'Gives hor oonsent, Clement. What ever do you mean ? ' ' Only this, dear. You know a king or a grand duke marries the woman he loves, what is called morganatioally, that is, she oannot be a queen or grand duchess. Then he marries some princess, who can fill the high rank and do the duties of tho State, but who is always outside his heart.' ' But you are neither a king nor a grand duko, Clement!" 'No, love, but it is the same thing, I am Sir Louis Dunraven's heir.' ' Yet 1 am your wife. My children will be legitimate.' ' Yes, love,' he said, hesitatingly, for he dared not deny. ' Well, then, Clement, if even in my great love for you I could let you go and remain silent about our relations, so that you might become . rioh and powerful, how could I do them this wrong ?' ' It Will not do them muoh good to he paupers. I should have to leave you and go away into somo distant land, seeking a fortune whioh I should never find. "Whereas, if you concur in this arrange ment you and your child or children will be in comfortable eiroumstances, reaping > the benefit o( my unole'e inheritance.' ' I do not wart the money. When old Josh dies, as he will in a few dayB, I can work and keep myself, but the unborn child. Oh! Clement. I wish I knew whst is best to be done for the obild.' Olement Dunraven cared nothing for the child. His paternal instincts had in no way been awakened, but be cared a great deal for the beautiful woman by his side, though more perhaps for his position in life, or lie would soarcely have aBked her to saorifioe herself for hiB ad vantage. 1 It was false reasoning to try and in duce her to do this, 'ou the plea that sho and her chiid would benefit by it. What would money avail them if the mantle of secrecy and shame was to he cast over their birth, and another woman than the one he had legally married about a year ago, was to live as mistress at Aboyne Court. For a few seconds neither of them spoke. Both wore thinking of the situa tion. Clement was wondering what he would do if Lisbeth refused to give him up, and Lisbeth was wrapt in thought of her obild if sho set it aside for its father whose will was her law, and whom she could not believe to he wholly wrong; hence, sho argued to herself, there muBt be justiao in what he demanded. After' all what right had she a daughter of the people to link . her fortunes with those of Sir Louis Dunraven's nephew ? She was to blame, she must suffer for her fault — but the child ? If sho had no thought for that uuhorn child it would be so easy to set him free. Hsd jealousy no place in her heart in this supremo hour? Jealousy of that other woman she had seen sitting bo near him on the sofa ? No, the child for the moment usurped every other feeling, her own misery, her agony at the knowledge that he would live for the reBt of hie life with another — a lady of high degree— was as nothing compared with what she felt about the future of that as yet unseen ohild. Clement watched the fearful struggle whioh conflicting feelings were causing, and at last grow somewhat impatient at the delay. Ho bated the wliolo soeue, bated liis uncle, for forcing him into it, hated Lady Gertrudo for being the innocent cause, and hated himself most of nil for having been so weak as to be lured from his allegiance to LiBbeth. Ho would havo it over quickly, why did she delay ? By dint of muoh false reasoning he had arrived at the conclu: sionthatitallmatteredverylittlesineoifhe married Lady Gertrude twenty times over he should always love Lisbeth best, and to a girl in Lisbeth'a position tlio faot of not boing his acknowledged wife could' not make any real difference. "When old JoBh diod Clement knew full well that sho would not have a single sixpence, and he would not bo able to give her any thing if she forced bim to acknowledge liis marriage, whoreas, once let him grasp Sir Louis'B fortune and he would take good onre that Lisbeth lived in olover. They had hoeu a pair of fobls to get them selves into this position, and it was only making matters worao to go oh with it, if Lisbeth oould only be persuaded to soe things in a proper light. ' Well, Bett,' he said at last, ' you take a long time to make up your 'mind, and after all it is.not suoh a vejry serious affair. You will see me quite as often as you do now, and I will take care that you never have u troublo or a thought about money.' ' It's not' that, Clem, it is not, ray self I am thinking of. 'I would saorifioe money and happiness both for your ad vantage. That you know full well. It always seems to me as if it were a woman's privilege to suffer for the man she loves.' ' That boing your idea, I do not see that much diffioulty remains,' said Clem. ' Yea, there is one. I am going to tell you my determination,- Clem. I hope it will not make you angry. Anyway, you will have to abide by it.' Ho drew hor towards him onoe more and kissed her. ' S.weet love, you wore always good to me.' to he continued to-morrow! With tho end of tliia year the lottery franchise in Louisiana expires, and thereafter tho drawings will bo hold in one of the States of Central Amarioa. The men who own this lottery have beoome millionaires, j . ' : Now Fmsr Pudlished. 