The Second Mrs. Tanqueray. WHAT AND WHY ? BY T. W. H. LUND, M.A., CHAPLAIN OP THE CHÀPEL OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN MARY, LIVEK- pooii, ENGLAND. " Son of Man, I nave sot theo a watchman unto tbe house of Israel ; therefore, hear tho word at my mouth, and givo them warning from mo."-EZEK. xxxiii., 7. Upon, subjects that greatly move the public mind, ought a clergyman to be silent if he feels that he has anything to say ? Is it not a dere- liction of duty, unless he tries to guide the judg- ment of those who look to him for light upon matters which involve great moral principles ? When a notorious drama, involving momentous points of morality very likely to be misunder- stood, appears in a city, ought tho pulpit to ignore it ? One knows quite well that it is seen by scores of one's own friends ; critiques upon it are read in every journal ; it is discussed in re- views ; it deals with one of the crying evils of our day, which threatens us with some great social revolution; it is idle to pretend that the subject is one which can be hidden, and that all who take in a newspaper are not familiar with tho tenor of the piece, even if they do not go to the theatre to see it. A play which has moved society, so that it is keenly fought over wherever two or three are gathered together, and so that the view we take of it has become the standard by which our moral solvency is assessed ; such a play, I think, calls for some criticism from those of us who are in a measure trustees of the public morality. If we are dumb dogs, we fail in vigi- lance or in courage. We are watchmen of the House of Israel, and when we see the sword come, we must blow the trumpet that the people may be warned. Whether we like it or not, the stage is a school with a large attendance of pupils, and we have to reckon with it as a factor of no small moment in modern education. To ignore it is the fabulous policy of the ostrich; to condemn it without limitation is childish; to work, with it and persuade, it to work with us is our wisest course. It is in this spirit and with such a conviction that I propose to interpret to you the lesson from life which has recently been put before us so vividly here in Liverpool in the piece entitled "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray." And so I make no apology for my rather un- usual topfe, which I shall deal with under two heads, the first being, WHO ¿8 «. MES. TANQUERAY ?" And the second. -WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR HER? I. Who is "Mrs. Tanqueray?" " Mrs. Tanqueray " is a type of a olass, rather than an individual. When introduced ta us, as a bride, it is at a period in her history, when she .has become, through whatever chain of circum- stances, a distinctly evil woman, of a distinctly evil class. She is a canker in society, an influence that can only make for harm either to man or woman. Judged by her exterior, she presents hardly a redeeming feature. Innocent as no doubt she once was, her history for some years is that of a mercenary siren, who has sold her charms in the best market over and over again. No sentiment attaches to her liaisons. They have been dictated by nothing higher than caprice, or sordid interest. When we meet her she is obviously a ruined woman; hy which I mean a woman with-her woman's nature broken and shattered. Her life has left her a mere bundle of ' undisciplined emo- tions. "She is the owner of an ill-regulated mind and a rampant will. She wants to marry from no love of husband, from no sense of the hallowing bond of marriage, only for novelty. She craves for change from her nomad intimacies with the opposite sex. There is no suggestion of a de- signing woman, who would climb by marriage to respectability. She is simply driven by a passion for new sensation in a world where the rapid sequence of sensation has been life. What do we find in her? At first she can take nothing seriously. Jest and sneer flyblow every subject. There is no heart left behind that hard metallic laughter. She loves things because they are expensive ; she takes some fruit only because it cost a great deal. Reckless extravagance has in all ages character- ised her class. The boredom of her country life is due to the feverish longing for excitement. She is as far from London as from heaven. That is the epigram in which she unveils her feeling. How intense and absorbing is her vanity ! It is only to her face that she holds up the mirror, and only to the coming wrinkles that it suggests, and not to her soul, even in that final tragic scene, when she takes count with her husband of the chances of still building up happiness on the miserable ruins of the past. Her looks have been her capital in the world's market. She has been fed on flattery. It is but natural that she fears the loss of her husband's regard with the loss of her good looks ; for hitherto she has only consorted with the men, who gauge a woman by her phy- sical points, just as they would a horse. And then there is that jealousy, which is almost a madness. So powerful is Mrs. Camp- bell's pourtrayal of the real woman, that one finds oneself guessing at tho origin of the jealousy as though the instance before us were genuine and not fictitious. One wonders whether the jealousy is all base, mere desire to he first; resentment at being slighted; or whether there underlies it some subtle craving to feel a heart loving her for her true self, and spontaneously giving her a drop of the balm of genuine love. As we watch her in those early days, could any- one he more petulant, wayward, and selfish, blown here and there by every gust of passion, without a thought of what happiness she might create for those around her, studying the most graceless discourtesy towards those whom she suspects of patronage, and hypersensitive in seeing insult where none is meant ? She is what she herself describes herself in her botter moments-a character that is but a ghost, a wreck, a ruin, a libel upon womanhood. I point out these painful features for tho sake of those who are inclined through generous sym- pathy with misfortune, and inexperience of life, to exalt " Mrs. Tanqueray" into a heroine, an injured princess of fairy legend, transformed magic into some unseemly shape, and only waiting for the prince to arrive, who shall set her free, and suddenly reveal her as a noble woman. But if this were a noble woman, tho whole) moral force of tho piece would be lost. It is a tragedy true to life, and in life such a woman, ia evil, not noble. uno uro has boon evil, Hie habits of tho soul ha va become evil, tho influence can only be evil. Wei cannot too emphatically lay this to heart. Bad courses break up the charactor. Evil intimacies corrupt morality. Sin breeds death. And the author of this drama has left no doub$ to those who havo eyes to see, that he means iöl this charactor to point a terrible lesson, viz., that you cannot drag innocence, beauty, and woman- liness through the moral sewers of society without its coming out draggled, befouled, and nauseating. And yet there are gleams of light, flashes of hope, even in this lost soul. They are ignorant of life- life in its subtlest depths, life in tho heart of a woman who has once been true-who fail to see those symptoms. Tho quiet home, the kind husband, the presenca of the stepdaughter with her cold, starlike purity, the atmosphere of refinement, the glimpse of » lost heaven, these stir in her the memories ofj those far off years when she was an innocent as the young girl for whose love she so passionately cravosj stir in her longings to get back to a better life, to order those rampant feelings, to discipline her untutored heart, and to be a true woman at last : For example, note how she hates herself for tha first act of meanness, which jealousy has dictated. Steeped in folly, she has never before been a cad« she says. She^ comes to loathe the woman, who was onca her friend and ideal, and has succeeded in marry« ing a titled roue. ' . She will not add another crime to her life hy conniving at her stepdaughter's marriage with a former paramour of her own. Her nascent woman* liness revolts from the notion. To expect greater progress than this in two short months would be unreasonable. The last soliloquy may not be very exalted, but it is true to life. The woman who has lived on her good looks can only see unlovely solitude staring her in th« face when her charms have gone, and her husband awakes to physical repulsion and then to moral disgust. True, no thought comes to. her of what sha might he and do. But it would be irrational to expect it of her. Such dignity of feeling is still dormant, and there has been little to awaken it as yet. .' A piece of had luck, as it seems, robs her of her one chance. And so for want; of any better escapa from the tangled problem, her mind clearly un- balanced by the shock of the last hideous dis- closure, she goes to her lonely death. And we feel our hearts wrung with pity for tho poor, misguided, confused, tattered, human soul^ so wretched,.so helpless, just beginning to enter* tain a dawning sense of what life might have been* and no refuge but her laudanum bottle. She is neither angel nor devil, heroine nor un- qualified sinner,. but what thousands of us might become, were circumstances to shape our coursa along the same rough road-at first an unpro- tected moment, a faux pas, however slight, then driven to the comradeship.of evil men and women, the rein given to our own self will, release from all discipline, social or moral, the extinction of all high ideals, the growing belief that there is no honor, faith, nobility, no real love anywhere in anyone, hut one big cesspool of selfishness, that sooner or later swallows all. One of the most harrowing spectacles in life, and one of the most arresting, is the wreck of what might once have been a noble and useful woman, one who would say j What might I not have made of thy fair world ? # ( The physical charms, the mental fascination, the social attractiveness, the subtle versatility oJj a woman, whose moral nature is putrescent, only, serve to emphasise the greatness of her downfall and the horror we feel at the catastrophe, whicii has settled upon her life. And in this lies the ethical value of Mr»' Pinero's play. It contains the tragedy oij for men at most differ as heaven and earthy IU119 LUV \lXU>glï\t-J Vii, corruption of the best ; But women, worst and best, as heaven and hell. It is an old story, never more forcibly told than by S. James : Each of us is tempted when drawn away by our own desire. Then the desire, when; it has conceived, bears sin j and the sin, when it¿ is full grown, bringa forth death. Some people) scoff at hell. Some people want a hell of material flame. But hell is ignorance of goodness, or separation from it, or the seeming impossibility of getting back to it. And if ever hell gaped wide before our eyes with a warning to make us gasp and turn front darkness to light, it gapes there in that wrecked image of a woman, as she staggers to, her death. It is a character and a catastrophe to mafcá everyone go home and pray ; pray to be kept aná to keep themselves from whatever might tend to such a life. And I do not mean such a life only in relation; to sex i for many a one has all this woman's typical faults, and is not the less a sinner for them* because they are not crowned by one more vice, the vice of unchastity. There is selfwill, and in- difference to the happiness of others, and petulance^ and waywardness, and inconstancy of mind and heart, and the disregard of plain duties of kind- ness, and the one selfish purpose of self-pleasing* as the guiding principle of life ; and from all these we may pray to bo kept ; and yet again from all indifference to those who are in the peril from shutting up our hearts, from withholding hands of help, from environing ourselves with our v/n cold, hard virtue, and leaving vice to fester nd spread, beanso it is too disagreeable a sub ect to hear of or to touch. II.-But I must turu to my second inquiry. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE ? 1\. I reply unhesitatingly, íir¿t of all, the woman herself. I notice a tendency to-day to exonerate women from tho blame of all tho trouble to which they come through whatever deficiency of charactor. A sickly sentimentality gathers round the sub- ject of misfortune, which exalts her, not only into an object of sympathy, which is quite right, but into a heroine of unimagined virtues, which is quite wroner. But it is only tho back-swing of the penauium, the natural recoil from the cruel spirit which has condemned women in the past to the outer dark- ness of society for any Blips they might make. Now I think that in this elevation of people who liavo plainly done foolishly, into heroines, we may do grave wrong to tho sex. It is to encourage young women in the ignorance, which is one of their chief dangers in these days of greater liberty, land in a general indifference to those safeguards V>f propriety, prudence, and reserve, which are among the finest traits in a womanly character. ..Much of the fault of failure is her own. She has instincts of womanliness to guide her, even if knowledge is defective. She knows that certain things are wise, and others foolish. But I notice another thing. To-day a far greater measure of freedom is accorded to women than formerly. Nb one rejoices in it more than I, because I believe it contains . the promise of better things for both sexes in the future. Yet there is danger in the time of transition..: Greater freedom some- times means greater license. There is a reaction from the old,' stiff, formal,' guarded ways to familiarity, a frivolity,' an; unreserve, which- is neither becoming.nor safe. Women, of whose goodness I have no . question, I see' walking on a borderland, of the perils of which they are quite ignorant. In conversation, in manner, in airs, in their whole demeanor, in their dress, such women convey the idea to men of tho world that they have no womanly stability in them, and that they are consciously toying with the fringe of vice. To kick over the traces of propriety, or even of sound conventionality, is not identical with emancipa- tion, nor does it advance the cause of women. It makes their champions ashamed of them, and alienates others, whom a little good sense might "win over to their interest. Loose familiarity, laxity of language, risky allusions, the air of knowing too much, mannish ways, unwomanly liberties, all this is not to make for women's advancement, hut to fill sane people with appre- hension. Progress can only come by women proving themselves worthy of respect, and compelling the respect of both sexes by their plain intelligence, purity, and worth. It can only be hy dignity of speech and act, by avoidance of the manner and style:of disreputable people, by the culture of every grace of body and mind. There are limita- tions, but a woman's life is largely her own, and the* responsibility for its development is largely her own. And so, I would have every woman look to herself in these days of change, and hope, arid peril more than heretofore. And believe me, xrijr sisters, men will respect you far more, if they Bee you womanly in your discretion and reserve, however they may flatter you in your moments of excited frivolity and rash- confidence. A charm- ing, man of the world said to me lately : "I should never choose a wife from the girls I see so familiar with the men around them, as they have grown nowadays. However much I loved her, I should feel the bloom was rubbed off the peach." And I believe that this is the true feeling in the mjnds of most men. Remember, then, that a woman's honor is in her own hands primarily. "Every act which makes her less womanly, sullies that honor, and is the first step towards that equivocal life, of which " Mr3. Tanqueray " is the type. You may sink to her type without going the length of her vices. Hold to the principle that every woman is responsible for herself, and can walk the world safely in the royalty of her .womanhood. Any other theory is demoralising, an insult to your strength and character.: But you must show your independence by the pru- dence, the nobility; and the dignity, with which you face the difficulties of your life. 2\. The next responsible agents in this tragedy are men. At least half the responsibility is theirs. ; No man. is so unhappy as not to have known some woman, who ; is to him an ideal of what the .whole sex ought to be. In her woman at her best is summed up. Whatever falls short of her per- fection is a libel on' womanhood. The ideal is degraded. ? ? ? ' V . . And so, whenever you or I show disrespect to or deprave any woman whatever, we are murder- ing that ideal. And we may db this by encourage- ment of unguarded speech, by flippant treatment of grave subjects affecting their'wellrbeing by making them suppose that wo approve their unwomanliness. The " Mrs. Tánquerays " of life comes before us wrecked, and ghosts of what ihey ought to be. If we have ever wronged one Bingle life, if our "wild oats " have been sown to the injury of one soul, we have contributed our share to the genuine ruin of womanhood. Those ? desolated lives were once capable of being as . beautiful as our ideal woman. We have done our best to make that ideal base and ignoble ; for what we have done to one we have done to all. We have stabbed the noblest woman in the worst. Our passions are fuel to the hell in which the unhappy " Mrs. Tanquerays " burn and suffer. Men forget this in their selfishness. Women look up to men at first as demi- gods, and as often ?.they come to despise them at last as mere minimals. It is a great drop from gods to brutes. (CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK). Arrangements have been made in the presby- tery of Sydney to carry on evangelistic services "in the various churches up to June; and the "Rey. J. Lamont, of E. Maitland, and Eev. C. Crane, of Taree, have been carrying on a 14 days' mission on the Manning, with encouraging re- sults, the rain interfering with some services. 