CHAPTER II.—(Continued.) The first individual to whom Clement spoke, aftor he had paid his devoirs to Lady Marcia, was his uncle. “1 am lato,” he said, “ but if you know the cause you would not blame me.” “ Bah !” answered the old man, pettishly, “ yon hove always some trifling excuse. To night’s proposal is the first -consideration in the world—for yon.’’ Thus snubbed, Clement did not make any confidences, always supposing he had had the intention of doing so. Ho only bent his head, and walked away with an expression on his face that scarcely proolaimcd a happy He made the oircuit of the room with a measured tread, bowed to several acquain tances as he passed them, and finally found himself at the sido of Lady Gertrude Vers choyle, who blushed scarlet as she gave him her hand, muoh to the annoyance of Pierce Vaughan, whoso dance was just about to Bor another quarter of an hour until that gallop was ended, Clement must wait, then ahe would give him the nextdanoe. It was free, perhaps she had been keeping it for him —it was the supper valse. Pierce Vaughan soaroely had a fascinating or interesting partner, for Lady Gertrude.did not appear to understand what ho was saying, -and answered him so vaguely and wildly that he could have imagined that she had suddenly gone demented,"had ho not had more than a suspicion that the ooming of Clement Dun raven was aooountable for her pre-occupa And because of the love Lady Gertrude hore him, Pierce hated his oousin with a •fierce and bittor hatred, and rojoioed over the finding of the piece ot paper signed by Beta, that had Iain under the old tree in the At last the ordeal of this danoe, which gave pleasure to neither, was over, and Lady • Gertrude's tiny well-gloved hand was quiver ing with excitement as it rested on Clement Dunrnven’s arm. If ho had loved her, his whole frame must have vibrated with the emotion under which Bhe was laboring. But though loving words wore on his lips, and ■from long practice in a wooer’s art, his eyes told passion’s tale, yet Clement Dunravon’s ■heart was unmoved. Had she oared for him leas, or been more aooustomed to be wooed, she would not have failed to disoover this, while as it was, she was in the seventh heaven of rapture. “ How beautiful you are,” he said, look ing into her eyes. “ I have always thought bo, but to-nioht — to-night you surpass yourself. That gown suits you to perfeo “ Is it not rude to make remarks on per sonal appearance?” she asked, laughing, and trying to appear thoroughly at her ease. “ You would not think it rude if you knew my motives,” he replied, so seriously that she was stageered, but she still made an effort ot Banter. “That won’t do,” she said ; “motives are such horribly vague things and cover so many shortcomings.” “ Ib it a shortcoming to admire you des perately, and to—love yon ?” he asked. The last word came out with a gasp which gave it an emotional point for which his inmoBt feelings were in no way responsible. Lady Gertrude looked down now, and did not attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira Delane had called it a shroud. There was silence for a second or two ; she was battling with her feelings, trying to still her throb bing heart. He—well, it were better, per haps, to throw a veil over what he really -felt. What ho said, when with a mighty effor t he compelled himself, was— “ Will you be my wife V” She did not speak at onoe ; she was too happy to give her pleasure words; hut at last ■ a- faint “ YeB” oamefrom her pretty, pouting lips, and she raised her eyes to his faoe to meet suoh a look of sadness in his, that she phranlc before his gaze. • “ Oh, why do you look so sadly at me ?" She asked. “Did I look sad ? Do not he frightened ; I was only wondering whether I waa worthy of you—whether you would he really happy if you shared my lot.” “ I am not afraid.” “ Ho, dear Lady Gortrudo, you are very brave; yet you do not know mo.” “Notknow you, MrDunraven; it seems 1 have known you all. my life.” “ DoeB a woman over know the inner life of ■My man?” Sho laughed. “I have enough belief in you not to he Iwraid of your inner life.” You will take me on faith and marry mo Without investigation?” . “ You are oniy teasing mo ; I don’t be lieve there is anything to investigate. One would think you wero a murderer or forger to bear you talk, and if you wero-■” “If I were?” “Well—it would be very difiioult for me to hato you.” “ Thanks.’’ Then again there was a short silence. Ho bad given her a loophole for escape, but sho had only rushed blindly on hor fato. If she bad refused the proposed marriage Sir Louis would not have blamed him, but Bhe accepted, 80 he must smile on hor and try to look the happiness she was feeling. They had never thought of danoing, and woro sitting by this time in a Bmall boudoir, Which was next to the Bupper-room. One or two people peeped in at the door and went away smiling, but no one ventured to intrude. They were virtually alone, or at all events believed themselves to be so. _ Clement Danraven had always been con- 1 Siderotl an adopt in the ait of love- mkimr 360 but- to-night he felt as shy and unequal to the occasion; as though ho were the veriest tyro. Ho could not, however, retreat now, since he had asked her to marry him nnd she had accepted his proposal. His wife ! Merciful heavens, was it possible chat he had asked Lady Gertrude Vereohoyle to bo his wife? Ay, it was absolutely cruo, for he stole iiis arm round her slight waist, and drawing her close to him, he imprinted a lingering kies on the full rod lips, and she did not resist him, cb she assuredly would have done had she not felt that she was his very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the Blumbering passion in Clement’s deadened heart, and ho awoke to a sense of how beau tiful Lady Gertrude really was. “You are too good for mo, my darling,’’ be said with more fervor than he had as yet shown; “how lovolv you are, to3 angeli cally lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole of England will say I am the luckiest dog in the country, to have won a being so fair as you are.’’ And the arm round her tightened, until she felt as if she were in a vice. ‘ * And 1 the luckiest woman to have won the love of the popular Clement Dunraven,” she replied, laughing, and trying to free her self from his clasp. He loosed her somewhat, seeing she wbb a little distressed. “I must not frighten my birdio,” he whispered a little apologetically, “ but you should not be so beautiful, my sweet Gertrude.” She blushed and looked up at him with shy, sweet eyes. “Then you do love mo, Clement? Don’t talk to me about myself, but about your love.' Ib it really true and fast; will it endure for all our lives? You will never negleot me or grow oold to me, aB some men do to their wives?” A dark expression came over Clement Dun raven’a faoe like a cloud: Hut bofora ho could answer she went on— “ Ah, I have offended you. I was wrong: I should not have doubted your loyalty and good faith. Forgive me.” “Sweet one, who could be false to you? The man who could make you suffer is a “You will never oause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it full well; you will shield me from danger and suffering.” “ Ay, will I, dearest, to the fullest extent of my power. If unhappiness comes to you through me it will be through my misfortune and not my fault.” Sbe laid her hand in his. “I believe you,” she said, “and I will trust you always because I know that you love me. Tell me that you love me.” “I love you—yes—I love you,” he re peated, but there was but little romance in his That did not trouble her, however; she was as happy as the birds in spring. Clement Dunraven, her girlish ideal, was to be her husband, her own, her very own. Lord Melbury would be pleased, Sir Louis would be pleased, but none of them as pleased as she horeelf, she thought, as she sat there, close to Clement’s side, dreuming rather than talking of her future happiness. Hours of the intensest pleasure end at last, howevor. Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began to argue tho matter out at tho door of the boudoir ; another moment and they would probably come in to ex emplify their meaning by the help of some cards which lay on tho table. One more hurried fervent kiss and tho newly-betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger To do so they hud to pass the boudoir win dow, whioh was opeu. For a second they stood inhaling the fresh air and lookiug out into the starry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, which were shining through the foliage of an adjacent shrub. Had they done so what changed issues might not their lives have known f But they passed oa to thoir fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on, too, into tho silent night equally to meat her fate ; whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude’s, who shall soy ? For the moment Lady Gertrude’s star seamed to be in the ascendant, for was she not Clement Dunraveu's promised wife ? Ae she had predicted, Lord Melbury smiled his gratified assent, and Sir Louis waB so delighted, he could scarcely keep his feel ings under oontrol. “You have done well, my boy, splendidly well,” he said, patting Clement on the Bhouldor. 11A thousand a. year and the run of Aboyne Court, that iB what you shall have as long as I am above the sod, and after that you will be tho master. It won’t bo long, Clement, it won’t be long.” It was in order to be master of Aboyne Court and its inoome that Clement had con sented to ask Lady Gertrude to bo his wife, yet it was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in his heart when he knew that he had won the triok. While the fiances were standing talking to Sir Louis, PieroeVaughaneame up with Miss Elvira Delane. They had just been danoing together. Elvira took in the situation at a glanoe, and whispered to Lady Gertrude. “ How does a woman feel when she has won ? You shall give mo yonr experience to- morrow. When I have heard them I shall either oongratulate or oondole.” Pioroo Vaughan said nothing, but ho was not therefore ignorant as to what had happened; on tho contrary, ho knew too well for his pleasure, and beneath bis calm, inexpressive demeanor thoro lay buried a fund of jealousy, revenge and hatred of whioh neither his undo nor Clement could fail one day to feel the foroe, and from whioh dainty Lady Gertrude hersolf would suffer more or Thore was no doubt that a tree had been planted that night whioh would bo produotivo of muoh fruit. What matter to Sir Louis, who rubbed his hands and ohuokled over his work, if the borrios, to bo culled from it here after would bo often nauseous and ovendeadly to the tasto. Pierce Vaughan, at odds with life, sinoe he saw no ehaneo of obtaining either Lady Gertrude’s hand orthoinheritance he had more than half expected might he his, was the first to leave the ball. Marriages have ere now been hindered. Ke would cool hia,fevered brain, ho thought, by walking about the grounds that surrounded the house. As he strode along ho felt as if being pur sued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan was no believer in ghoBts, yol ho was dosperately in* dined to think that there was ono near him at that moment. Ho walked on rapidly to the edge of a little wood, in whioh he could see nothing for the foliage. JuBt bb he reached it the moon came out from behind a cloud, and suddenly aud unexpectedly ho aud and hia purBuer saw each other as in full Sho was a woman, clad in along, black cloak, which concealed her form, but her face he could never forget; if however met her again he should know her. He hadno time to make acquaintance then ; as suddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. 