GALLERY NOTES. from our parliamentary correspondent. It has boon an important, if not quito an exciting week In Parliament, and the extraordinary thing la that no one can tell whether wo are to havo poaco or war,— whether tho goveromont is to go on unhsrmod or to rccoivo a staggering blow. The Houso has sat throuch tho nioht on several occasions, and there is so far an ovidont desire on tho part of the Houso to go with Ministers in their zeal to push on business. But tho question Is how long will this mutuality of feeling continue. My own opinion is that tho Miuistry is overdoing it, — that it is imposing too much on good nature,— and beforo long members of tho Assembly will wax wrath aud kick. They would havo dono bettor, it ia thn nntnlon nf limit- u-nriimfit Riinnnrtora in lnvo dono one thing at tho time. Having got through the Land Bill, they should havo been content with proceeding with tho financial dobato and then tackled tho Local Government Bill. However, instead of thut tho Assembly has now before it,— tho Financial Statement, the Luoul Government Bill, tho Land and Income Tax Bilta, and rauny minor measures. As tho popular song has it, an honoumoio memoir may bo oxoused, if with tins progratntno before him, he don't exactly " know where 'e arc." Tho Ministry havo no doubt rushed their business along, iu order to show that they aro in earnest, but thoy ought to havo allowed that to be accepted without giving proof of it. Sir Honry Parkes pretty welt grasped the situation tho other ovooiog when ho said he had ncvor known a Government to iuterposo suah important measures, as thoso tabled, whilo the debate on tho Finauoial Statement was unffnishod. Sir Heory hud a field night on Tuesday. Ho trotted out Fedorutlon— the only aubjcot in which ho takes aoy interest just now. The discussion was as uoroal as it could ho made. Nobody— not even tho mover— was in earnest, but overyono who spoke made believe that he thought Federation was the one thlog necessary for tho salvutiou of not only tills colony but the whole uf Australia. The fact is they wautcd to got rid of tho subject, ami they knew it would bo a sort of ghost at tho banquet if they did not allow tho veteran to have his discussion. The conscqucnuo was there was little talking and what there was was so much in accordance with the mover's ideas that thcro was no opportunity givou of carrying tho debate over into uncther night. The only note of discord heard was that of Mr. lluyucs. He had tho pluck to say what othors thought, but had not the courugo to express. Huatud the whole thing win humbug. It proceeded from politicians not the people, and it could Hover bo a burning question until the peoplo took it up. Though 1 am uo admirer of Mr. Uayucs, I think he hit the blot full in tho face, Federation has bccu iu tho past, as in the present, aud will be for jears to come a sort of diversion for the high contracting parties of colnuial politics. It will aflord them tho oppor tunity of plousunt picnics iu tho stmno of confer ences anu conventions. Already Mr. Kcid is looking out for his share of tho fun. To hear him talk when ho was out of office of the folly of theso gatherings, you would havo thought that hu would resist thein, should ho ever como to office with the sternness of a Spartan warrior. But George licnry like tho others is ouly human nature after all, uud the temptation is too strong for him. Ho is urranging for a meeting of Premiers at Hobart early in the new year. Ho wauls the time to fall in with that he usually devotes to his Tusmanian holiday. That tight little island ia a very popular retreat for Sydney lawyers. In what is called the long vacation they lotus cat there and enjoy their tlolcc Jar ntcntc. (I think I should also enjoy a holiday If tho State wero paying tny travelling expenses aod £1500 a year. The Local Government Bill is a disappointing measure. It gives the idea of haviug been hurriedly prepared. The clauses providing for endowment are very faulty. Tho ondowinent, to bo any good, mutt be continuing. The terminublc principle of the present Ll«»nfeipnlitins Act has boon adopted. This mean, that » lot m pulities will ba brought luto em.tonm wit'"'"' being supplied with tho ncocsenry funds to keep things going. Tho oxpericnco of the iwcaeut system has not boon entisfautory, and one cannot understund why it ia intcudod to perpetuate it. Wo havo now n "WplgFrrc wmen aro uuuhie to rnSWlob whoa »U eab.idy ie stopped. Every vear there fa a demand for a .peuial eubeuly. On criultablo ground., -on thneo of giving value in return— Municipalities which have keen twenty __ - — more deserving of support wore established. There is a row over tho Purlmmentnry Works Committoo. Mr. Vurnoy Parkes, the chairman, has resigned. Ho says tho Cummitteo is more cureful of tho reputation of the oillcials who pre pare plans and specifications than over tho public funds. lite Immediate cause of trouble was a proposal to build a brldgo at Pyrmont. Tho Works Officials said it was possible nod Mr. Parkes thought otherwise. Tho Coinmitteo fol lowed the professional advisors of the Government rather than Mr. Parkes, with tho consequence that the latter felt aggrieved aud retired. He now says ho does not bclievo in the way iu which the Coinmitteo is appointed, &c.; He knew that boforo ho was elected. Without committing ouo's self to the approvnl of the committee's system of worklog, it can ho suid that Mr. Parkes has not hceu so long in the Assembly as to know how tilings havo been managed in the past. It looks that he rotired because his Ideas were not adopted. Though I am not prepared to say that Government Olficiuls nro always right, yet in a matter like tho work which caused tho split, I think 1 should follow them la preforeuce to Mr. Parkes. By tho way, a Bill Is beforo the Council to reduco tho number of the Committee from fifteen to sevou. If this is carried— and I don't think it will be— this would mean a reduction In expenditure of about £18 or £10 a aittiug. Men, once they get accustomod to handling fees, do nut caro about parting with tho privllogo. A man may with oomplaiaunce sacrifice what ho hns never received but oneo It gets into his hands it is difficult to loduco him lo give It up. The CommiUco of Elections and Qualifications has completed Its work. It declared Mr. Willard not duly elected for tho Tweed. That gentleman anticipated tho deuiaion of tho Committee hy resigning, but his risignation was not ucoeptod thero and then. A writ will, however, bo issued In a few days. Tho point that proved fatul was want of domicile in Now South Wales. A recount of tho votes in the case of Mr. Fitzpatrick, whose roturn for tho Murruinbldgco was petitioned against by Mr. llae, Increased ids majority from 7 to 0, and Mr. O'Connor's petition against the return of Mr. Blaek failed. Thoro Is a wide- spread opinion in favour of allowiog eleotion potilions to bo dealt with by Supromo Court Judges. No doubt the work would bo dono mora satisfactorily, but then costs would ho something awful. We all kuow now what a Supremo Court case oosts. A protracted trial of a potition would inoan ruin to a pour man. That is really tho fear some havo to allow the lawyers to come. Thorc aro others again in tho Houso who think that the Assembly would be damaclng itslprcstige it gave up any of its rights and privileges, and who nrgootlut no body is more capable of deciding thun , a Committee of the Assembly. In England, it may he mentioned that election petRioos aro taied by judges. Thero aro alt the eigne aud tokens of a contest between the two House. The Council a fow days ago altered the Labour Settlements Bill. It was held to be a moucy bill, und consequently has been laid aside. The Coal Mines Bill is being chopped about ruthlessly, and tho Eight Hours uhusu has gono hy the Board. "Let s decide this matter at onco," jauntily romarked Sir Julian Snlamons, and without debate tho clause was omittod hy 23 to 2. Messrs Simpson and Suitor— Attorney-General and Vice- President of tho Ezeoutive— wero the only ones who voted in favour of tho clause. I don't suppose they wero in favour of it, but these people must bo loyal to their salt. 