' :." THE MISTEEI m CLEMENT DNNSiYEN, BY JEAN HtDDtiiEUAS, . Autnorof fA Giri in a Thousand," "Sealed by a Kto," etc. CHAPTER XXlX—A'CfcOSE SHAVE. The Coleshiil railway station was in an unusual state of fuss and flatter. An up- inl& and a down-train were in at. the b&xqq; t time, pwfeg-toa slight accident having taken' place and causing a block on the line farther on. Consequently the couple of porters, who .were quite enough for ordinary requires enta, found themselves perfectly inadequate to cope with the interning and outgoing travellers) especially as among the latter were Sir Clement and Ladv " Gertrude Dnnr&veti.; starting for the foreign tour which had been 80 strongly turged, both by i>r Watson and Lisbeth Glendin&ing.; \- At first it had been a , .difficult matter to move Lady Gertrude away tram the tittle baby's grave, but after much persuasion and telling her it was for Sir Clement's sake, she consented to go. Having done so, womanlike, she was in an immense hurry to be off, and, as she said, get way from a place where, since the day she had been brought home on aocount of Sir \- Louis's death, even before her honeymoon had oommenoed, there had been nothing but misery and sorrow. AU the hiss and commotion at the station did not servo te raise Lady Gertrude's spirits. "An aooident," she said; "always trouble wherever we go ; it really is most Btrange," and she began to cry ; in fact, she would have broken down altogether had not Liftbeth's.cheery tones kept her up. Lisbeth and Sir Miles Berkeley had come to the station to see them off ; in fact, Sir Miles intended to do even more, for he said he would accompany them to London and itart them next day by the Dover erpress. " Will younotoorae, too?" Lady Gertrude had asked. " It will be so good for Clem to have you." Bat Sir Miles replied that he had some business to attend to; later onbe would come; he could not get away just yet. The faot was that at last he had had a con versation with Sir Clement about Elvira Delaue's letter, and they had decided that it would be better for Sir Clement to find out how the land lay, and send him word as to jDivxrae mood before he put in an appearance. He might lose all his chance by following her up too closely. At lost all the luggage was in the van, and the train moved slowly out of the station as lisbeth, the tears in her eyes, stood alone watching. She was glad they had gone away for awhile ; it wak a relief in many ways, yet at the seme time shecou'd not help regretting the departure, and wondering when, or if aver, the threads of their lives would he re united. Then she went slowly up the steps in order to cross the line, the town being at the hack of the down station. On the platform she found quite a crowd of people, many of them acquaintances, for n was market-day in Coiesbill, and all the neighborhood round was more or less cn the alert. Ever sinoe Lisbeth had turned the cottage into a " Home" she wore more or less the garb of a nurse, thinking it made her look older and of more importance. A blue sere dress and long cloak to match, and a closely- fitting bonnet with a long blue gauze veil, which she invariably pulled down over her face— was now her unaltered costume. She had intended to wear black, but Sir Clement had et Himself eo resolutely against it, that I to please him she had mo derated the rigor Of her appearance. It mattered Very little to her what she wore so long as psoplo did not know How wretched he felt. It was in order nar taey enouia not reaa this on her face, which she would fain keep concealed, that the bice veil was always down, especially when business took her into Coleshiil. As it was, the gossips eaid you would Scarcely know Lisbeth for the same person. She had grown eo matronly, and looked ten years older during the last few months. Of course, it was all put down to her father hav- \- lag been tried for murder. She got through the little crowd at the station as quickly as Bhe could, conversing with her acquaintances as civilly bat as curtlv as possible ; then she went through the ticket offioe, out into the road. There was a burly rod -faced, man in a softwide-aweke, standing so close to the door that she had to push past him in order to get oat. Having done so she looked hack. Where had she seen him before ? He was the clergyman who had xnanied her to Clement Dnnraren. What was he doing there ! Why bad he come all the way frorn Yorkshire to haunt that pauieuUr fippt? Would he recognise her? Had she not better hurry away as fast as she oould. But an unaccountable fascination seemed to oetain her, and her limbs felt as if they Would not obey her will. Attracted, perhaps, by her havinc looked at him, or drawn to her by some occult power, Mr Singleton, for it was indeed he, went up to her. " You are a nnrse, I see, by your drees. Perhaps you will kiudly give me a tittle in formation for wbich lam seeking ." lisbeth bowed her head, bar did not speak, nor did she attempt to pass on. 44 Better that vhe should answer him than for another tb do so," she thought. J1 Hoes not Sir Clement Dunraven live in "He does. At Aboyne Court" It was with the greatest difficulty that she kept her voice steady as she replied. " How far is it from here 7" " About three -oiles. But you will not see Sir Clement. He has started foe the Con tinent by the train which left a few minnnteB ago." And the knowledge that Sir Clement was gone made Lisbeth feel braver, especially as Mr Singleton did not appear to recognise her. " How very unfortunate. I missed him in town a few weeks ago, and now I have just missed him again. V 4 4 Do you want to see him so very par- Maoclsrly ?" "I do. I have an idea that I knew him once, and if so Ihould like to renew the ac- quaintance. I suppose you know him, R6 you lire in these parts f " " I have lately been nursing hie wife, Lady Gertrude. They hare lately lost their only child, the heir, It is onthet account for a chance for '1 her that they have gme abroad;" , ".Indeed, lam very sorry. Is La'dy Ger- trnde Sir Clement's first wife ?" . "No one ever "heard of Ins having bad another, and lie always lived abont here with his uncle, Sir Louis, until he married Lady Gertrude." It was a most ambiguous answer, and a most judicious one. "His odd," lnurmnrod Mr Singleton, half to himself. : Whydoyou wish to knowif-Sirdemect over had another wife ?" atked Lisbeth. "Becanee aozne two yeara ago, or rather more, I married a mao called Clement Dun- raven to ono liaheth Glendlnnirur." " Two years aeoj Then it can't be our i Sir Clement. -Hnbesboen marriefito Lady Certrude nigh on two years. Where did yon Vmarry theee people - 41 P at my ohnrch on Templemare, in Siorkenire." "My goodfriend. you will have to go a little further afield to find the couple yon ore inetarchof. < £ ibmfc there is abrandhof the .. Dnnrayens nettled in Ireland." ; "ffhat'e what Mr VamrhaTi fliud vliMt T I uBdhunfjtthematilm'.4' - '&)yon-fcnew y>opr Mr Vaughan?" &i; JWvJflhjMenied interested in. my state- j ; m al»nt4e'ihWiege, and' asVed for the pdriBtnpMk. TheratoiMoi fin entirely false eoent, itle Kijiraftie.t'totimB man tken npfor murdering name of Olen- pttSBIalifopattihtMrortinningheinirin any Igikiss' £ ' believe his father ws bailiff to Sir Miles Berkeley," remarked Lisbeth, as quietly as Bhe could. "Then you think it was a mere coinol denoef "It must be, I should «ay, or-we should have heard something about it. Goodness knows, the subjeot hafi been dismissed freely enough." " Well, l am sorry I missed Sir Clement. You really think there is no nse in my going up to Aboyne Court?" " Of course you can go up if you tike to see j the place and have a talk with the house keeper, though I don't think she knows as much as I do. She h&8 not beon there very long. I will show you the way if you tike." Lisbeth had not the slightest intention of letting him out of her right to have any con versation with anyone if ehe oould help it, but she did not think it would do to be too anxious to prevent his going. Her tactios were successful " If you are sure Sir Clement is not at bdtae, what is the good of my going up there !" he said. " My wife, who is an invalid, docs not know lam out of London; I want to get back as quickly as possible." _ This was good news for Lisbeth. but she did not allow herself to appear exhilarated, ehe only said very quietly : "I am sure Sir Clement Is gone 1 came down here to see them off in oase Lady Gertrude should want me." I wonder when there is a train back to town ?" He took a leaf torn from on A .B.C. in reference to the Coleshiil trains out of his pocket-book and began to aiudy it. Under other circnmstances Lisbeth would have wished him "Good morning," but she decided it was wiser to stiok to him if she oould and see him. off. He seemed rather talkative, and if he got into conversation with any of the Coleshiil people he might find out who she was, and her name would betray ber. To her infioite satisfaction he said that there would be an " up" train in five minutes, by whioh he thought hs bad better return to town, though he felt very much as if he had come on a fool's errand and got very littl information. 44 I'll walk across the bridge with you if you tike," suggeated Lisbeth, "and I'll tell ycu anything you want to kuow abont these people that I know myself." 44 Awfully good of you. But am I not takiuc up your valuable time?" "Not in the least My patient is juri gene. I have so particular engagement this morning." ou iiui'v nun wu Mijcwin uaun iv Lite piut- form from which Lisbeth had only just come, Mr Singleton asking her many questions about Pierce Yaughau'e death as they weut along. Litibeth, however, did not consider it necessary to know anything that was not in the newspapers, and professed herself per sonally unacquainted with Mr Vaughan. All she hnw was that, it had been a sad affair, aud being followed po food by the death of the little heir, had boeu a terrible bhock to the family at the Conrt. When the incoming train was signalled, how thankful L'.ebeth felt no tongue can say. Mr Singleton held out his hand to ber. " 1 am so glad 1 met you ; before we part ycu must tell ine your name." " Nurses have no names," she answered, evasively. "I am known as Nurse Jane — and your name ? I am going to write to Lady Gertrude about a commission she left me, and I will tell her of this interview." tibe knew it only too well, still it waj dis creet to enquire. He gave her d card out of his pocket-book, "Rev. Abel Singleton," and es he did so crushed tte rising hope that had sprung into her heart when ehe thought that perhaps she had got rid of him for ever. " I am taking my sick wife abroad," he remarked, " perhaps we may meet the Duur&vens; : have yna any idea where they are going r " Not the least. Their route is very uu- decidea." The answer was a hurriod one, and Lisbeth entirely forgot she had jnaz eaid that bhe was going to write to Lady Gertrude. It wns as good as auy other, however, for the train glided off, and Mr Singleton had no time to make further inquiries. As she turned round feeling almost faint from the relief of having got rid of him, a voice said: "Hallo, Mies Glendinniag, I thought I should have been in time to Bee the Duoraveus off, bat I hear they went by an earlier train. Who was that r" The speaker was Dr Watson, ourious as was his wont to know all about everything ; that was going on. "A friend of Mr Vauehan's." reoiied Lisbeth, still with an effort keeping up the strain of answering with indifference ques tions that were to her of such vital import ance. " He wanted to see Sir Clement, and condole with him, aud learn all particulars. He was Borry to have missed him." "Jolly good thing he did. Sir Clement hae bad enough of that subject. Pity I did not see him, I could have told him all he wanted to know." Liebsth conld not help shuddering at (he thought of what might have been the issue if the parson and the doctor had met. " Von are catching cold standing about at . these dismal leave-takings," said the doctor, who saw her shiver. "I shall have you on my hands uext. Get into my trap and 1 will driveyon home." Laebeh accepted gratefully. She felt very weary and out of epirite. a drive through the fresh air might do her good. At all events, it was better than walking through turn about the Dunravens and their affaire, as she inevitably would be. The difficulty was to keep up appearances with Dr Watson, and seemed to be her usual self. The tittle man was, however, such & good talker that it was an immense help to Lisbeth, and they drove away in the smart tittle gig very briskly and enjoyahly. That is, the doctor was thoroughly enjoying himself, and he took it for granted that Lisbeth was doine the 6&me.; One sot very pleasant outcome of the drive neither of them had considered, which was, that, eeeing Lisbeth Glendinning seated by Dr Wateon in his gig, bad sot the whole of Coleshiil chattering and wondering whether the bellringers would have to practise wedd ing chimes. Not that suoh a wedding would have af forded Coleshiil any particular satisfaction. The Glcndinnings were by no means popular, more than half the population still believing, notwithstanding tbe verdict, that Jim Glen dinning had had a hand in the death of Pierce Vaughan. Aud to see their pet doctor married to this man's daughter was by no means what Coles- hill would have chosen had it been consulted in the matter. If Lisbeth had been lees absorbed in the contemplation of her recent meeting with Rev Abei Singleton, ehe would not have run the gauntlet of general observation. As it was, site felt thankful for the doctor's protecting care, and did not consider any- thing that lay b&yond.; She had been used to look, up to him for help and advice; it would have seemed unnatural to have to forego his assistance. Of course Dr Watson could not help seeing that Lisbeth was by no means herself, but he ascribed it to her partingwith the Dnoravcns. He was quite aware of her devotion to Lady Gertrude, and that the departure of the in mates of Aboyne Court would create a great blank in her life. Ah 1 if he oould only fill it, he thought, as he sat there by Liebeth'6 side. And then he, too, feU to ruminating over the Euspioion that had been awakened in his mind in connection with tinlfe las. Thinking hard, he actually forgot to talk ; thus they became such a silent couple as they drove klong that one would have imagined they had £een married for years. Nor did they awake from their veiy different dreams until they reached the 'ooltage. ; " Til just come in and see if all vour people are all right," said the doctor. In reality he wanted to have a good look at Lisa, and see if he conld trace any Jike- kiess tbst would be a guide to him for the future. " What he saw in the child he did not say, hot he looked so grave that Ltabeth asked I 'excitedly what ailed Lisa, was she ili, did he I see any hidden disease? She seemed hearty and strong eooogh. " No, no, the obild is well enough, there is nothing to be" anxious about. I atn only studying heredity, it is & pet study of mine,'' and he sierhed. " Studying heredity, what do you mean ? What heredity did he find in Lisa, this wait?" and the hot blood rushed into Lisbeth's face es she asked tbe questions. He did not reply in a direct manner, but looked at her very hard, and then as the child, and holding out hie hand, said he would call again in a few days. Dr Watson was gone, and there was no doubt but that he carried with him tbe knowledge that she was Litibeth's own cbild. She wondered what he would do with his knowledge. Would he guard it faithfully, or would he botray it? She put the latter suggestion away ae unworthy. She had too high an opinion of Dr Watson to think him capable of betraying any woman. out-door garments, and then, having locked the door, gave way to one of those paroxysms of wild tears which — as a heavy storm clears the atmosphere of a summer's nights-makes a woman's heart feel lighter for a while. Lisbeth tiad that day gone through more than Bhe could well endure. Tbe falsehoods, the humbug she had been compelled to have recourse to in ber interview with Mr Single ton in order to shield Sir Clement, were most repulsive to her, and added therefore to the misery she was feeling from anxiety. Could she go on bearing this burden in silence : Should she make a clean breast ot everything to Dr Watson ; would he not help her and Sir Clement, too, or must she keep the secret until it drove her mad ? CHAPTER XXX. — tne Spectres of the Future. " Don't you think, Gertie darling, that a drive would do you good 1 For two days you have not been out of this hotel — we might as well have stayed home if yon do not benefit by the change." " 1 am tired, Clem, I feel as if I only want to lie here and be &t; peace." " Are you srrrv you came abroad, dear " No, I am very glad, or 1 think you already look the better for the change.' And so he did. There was a good deal of elasticity in Clement Dunraven's nature, and hearing and seeing nothing to annoy him, i:e had to an extent thrown off Iris weight of worries. Of course, be had his dark hour?, and very terrible they were ; but since the boy's death he had managed to conceal tbem so haggard as ho bad done in England, she reasonably conjectured that the uhauge was doing him good. And ilii-. was the cne gleam of buushine the poor little woman bai, for her own heart was very sad, aud eo brosen was the that those about her almost fcarod she bad received ber death-blow when the baby died. Sir Clement, however, would not believe tbi6. He declined 10 eee any danger in his Gertie's condition. Other women bad lost children before and had got over it, why should she not do the earner Tfccie w.is no organic disease; of that Dr Watson had assured him. Lady Marcia and Elvira Dclane would arrive in a couple of days, and then Gertie would cheer up. How could ho, miserable and remorseful wretch that he was, expect to be able to cbter her up, ana as yet they had not met anyone in Wicsbcdeu whom they knew. Thug he consoled himself as he wan- dered about the lovely garden in whioh the kurhaus and the principal villas are situated, and longed for tbe time when, her friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would be in duced to accompany them in their wander ings. If he could only get ber into the Kur.gorten every day to hear the band, he knew she would soon get all right. How fallacious is hope, yet but for hope how deep would bs despair. AViefrbidcu was not perliap altogether the vi»rr Ivtt ni«r>a in wHtoK r.»Av Carlrnita could Lave come, a more bracing olimato might have rerved her better. It was Lady Marcia who Lad chosen it. She had, cr im agined >he had. various ailments for wbich a residence at Wiesbaden would be beneficial, since it abounds iu specialists of considerable renown, and, the chief object being to get Lady Gertrude away from the reminisoences that surrounded ber at Aboyne l>onrt, tbe climate of her temporary abode had not been brought under discusrion. 11 Do you not think if I ordered a carriage you would drive to the Greek Chapel, or the Platte, or some of the placos of interest in the neighborhood," persisted Sir Clement. "I am very well here at this window ; I can see the trees." They were at an hotel on the AYilhelm "Then I mu-rt go all alone," eaid Sir Clement, withs sigh. T his appeal at once roused Lady Gertrude. "I will gawith yon, Clem, dear— forgive me for being so selfitb. Oidei a carriage for live o'clock ; it will be cooler then." He kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering, as he went, what there was in hint, a criminal, that two women should be always ready to sacrifice their wishes and pleasures to him. Having arranged about the carriage to his satisfaction, he thought he would go to the post-office and see if there were any letters. Owing to Ejme uncertainty about their rconi4 in the hotel, all lutfcra were to be gent " paste restante," apian which especially suited Sir Clement, as he conld thus receive letters from Lisbeth without their being observed cither by his wife or the servants. There wb one awaiting him now, with a email P marked in the corner, which meant that he wa? to open i£ ween cu cue was uy. Tliefigu somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for though he himself had told her to put it, she had declined, saying "that ibe leturb she intended to write him in the future would be of suoh a nature that anyone might read them." Something unexpected, then, hud occurred, Sir Clement feared, as he stood in the street tearing open the letter with trembling fingers, "perhaps the other child ulgo was dead." By one of those preverse whims, for which he himself could have given no reason, ever since the boy's death, Clement Dunravcn had found himself constantly thinking about LUa. Lisa, of whose existence he had not taken any account until within the la-t few weeks. If any 6icknees or trouble had overtaken her, he felt he would be sorry on bis own account, as well as for Licbeth's, wlio9& idol he knew ehe was. But Lisa w&s; well and henrty, the mi&tive; began by telling him so, and he feti relieved. Very soon, however, was he to have hie rising spirits dashed to the ground as he went on with tbe letter and read the whole account of Lisbeth's interview with the Rev Abel Singleton. Hydra-headed, he feared, was the relentless pursuer who must inevitably, sooner or later, find out his sin. Lisbeth had been most judicious, and kau laid the ghost for awhile, true, loyal woman that she was ; but there wa? no saying when it would begin to stalk again, or at what point of his travels he might meet it. He took along walk before he returned to Ladv Gertrude, although there were several letters at the post-office which he knew she would be glaa to have ; but he felt he did not dare meet her questioning glances nutil, after this fresh blew, he conld manage to assume something of his wonted calm. Oue omission he blamed Lisbeth for in his mind. Why had she not asked where on the Con tinent this persistent parson was going to take his sick wife r It would have been so easy to avoid that particular spot, and with the small means the Singletons had, they were not likely to travel about much. Now he would be kept in constant dread, examin ing hotel visitors' books, looking into the faoe of every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him, lest the man who spoke should be Siogleton, whose personal appear - anoe he had totally forgotten. Oh, it would be too dreadful, a new phase and a most terrifying one in the painful life-drama he had eo rashly and thouglitleesly prepared for himself. When he reached the hotel, before he went into the room where Lady Gertrude was, he began the inquiries which wonld now he hie daily task, by examining the book that lay on tiie table in the hall. No each name as Singleton. He passed on to hie wife's sofa with the letters he had brought for her. While ehe read them he stood looking at Mmaalf fa glass that hung over the mantel-shelf. " Engrofsed in her correspondence, she did not heed what he was doing until he said : "Do you know, Gertie, I have a mind to let my beard grow. It will be wonderfully less trouble than shaving, and rather becom ing, too, feuepect." Bbe laughed as she said : "You conceited boy, ye?, let it grow. I should liko to sob you with a beard. No one will recognise you when yon get back to England." She tittle gnessed that ibis was what he was aiming at, and that, as for conceit, evory particle of it had died out of him months ago. (to he continued ) 