A STRAIGHT TALK. The controversy which, has recently been under discussion in one of our daily papers on the subject of amuse ments, has not been edifying to the Christian world. It may have been an excellent thing for the paper, for it is always to the interest of a daily journal to get up a discussion on any subject under the sun in which the public are interested. It matters little whether it be the question of ' Signalling to Mars,' or 'What to do with our boys ?' The subject is a matter of small conse quence to the paper, so long as it is popular and brings grist to the mill. And the subject of worldly amusements started in a minister's meeting, and thence transferred to the columns of a newspaper, is one that is sure to take. There are many people now-a-days who want to hold religion in one haud, and the world in the other; and if the Church will but lend its sanction to the thing, they will caper with delight — especially in a ballroom. But a Chris tian in a ballroom, especially a society ballroom, is a spectacle about as edify ing as the controversy to which we al lude. The debate upon worldly amusements and their lawfulness in a Christian sense, generally centres upon three things — cards, dancing, and theatre going. And there are many Church going people, and not a few who call themselves Christians, who have card parties in their own houses, whose chil dren are taught dancing, and whose wives and daughters may be found at a society ball, or patronising the bread and-butter dance in the local town hall, or gracing the stalls of a theatre, or opera house with their presence. There are, we know, a large, and perhaps a growing number of people, especially in what is politely called good society, who contend that all this is perfectly harm less, _ and that it is only Chadbands and Puritans who would deny it to be so Recreation we are told is a necessity, and it is only a sour Christianity which frowns upon such forms of amusement, and not the Christianity of Him who graced the marriage festival with His presence, and honoured it by the first miracle He wrought. But apart altogether from the debate, and from the question of the legitimacy or otherwise of such forms of amusement aB those above mentioned, there are one or two things we earnestly wish our own people would take into their serious consideration. For one thiug, such questionable amusements as those we refer to, never create a healthy atmos phere for the development of the Chris tian life, and sometimes the atmosphere immediately surrounding them is de cidedly unhealthy ; and one in which all pure arid holy aspirations die. As an atmosphere deprived of oxyeen would be fatnl to the animal life of the globe, so an atmosphere of pleasure deprived of the soul-quickening presence of the Spirit of God, is fatal to the develop ment of the spiritual life. The Apostle knew what ho was writing about, when he said : — ' she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.' There are abundance of innocent forms of amuse ment and recreation, open to Christian people, without treading on question able ground, and rushing into an atmos phere impregnated with the germs of worldlinesR and spiritual decay. Another fact that is worthy of con sideration is that of the seriousness of life. Irfit the busy searcher after plea sure pause for a moment in the midst of revelry and dance, to ask the question : ' Suppose life should be serious after all?' Would not such a question fall like a bolt from the blue, upon the gay throng in the wild intoxicating whirl of the society dance, where pleasure and passion combine to drown thought, and to throw a brilliant but false glare upon a pathway whose trend is downward and ; ever downward. And disguise it as we j will, life is serious, and all the insane yearning after exciting pleasures cannot hide the fact. Yes, life is too serious to be frittered away in amusements that excite passion, and charm the imagina tion ; but which leave the soul empty and unfed ; and alas ! too often to perish from sheer spiritual starvation. But one thing which is often ignored in discussion, is this : — when Christian people begin to crave after questionable forms of amusement, it is because of the poverty of their spiritual life. The first Christian disciples of whom we read were filled with the Holy G-host and with joy. Think of that— filled with joy — and when the soul is filled with the very joy of God, it does not go out in quest of the apples of Sodom, nor does it need to seek after the vapid inanities of so called society life, It is satisfied with its Divine Lord — for the crumbs which fall from His table, 'are better than all the banquets of the world. The President of the Conference will leave Sydney on Monday next, on a tour to the Clarence and Richmond River Circuits. He purposes to visit Ballina, Lismore, Casino, Maclean, Brushgrove, and Grafton, and will be away from Sydney for nearly three weeks. Recent news received from the Rev. W. G. Taylor says that he is well and hopeful. His arrangements for the months of August and September cover missions in London, Cardiff, Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, Hull, and other important centres. At date of writing he purposed sailing for New York on October 4, in the s.s. Campania. This vessel, by the way, is stated to be the finest vessel afloat; of 13,000 tons burthen and 30,000 horse-power. We publish to-day a letter from Rev. E. E. Crosby, of Bourke, expressing disappointment at the action of the Rev. T. Cook Committee in not arranging for a visit of the evangelist to Bourke. In that disappointment our readers gener ally will share, and we think there will be but one opinion on the matter, viz., that a mistake has been made. With three 10 days' missions in Sydney and immediate neighbourhood, following a prolonged campaign by the Rev. J. McNeill, Sydney is in danger of being surfeited (or drugged) with this special kind of effort, while such a place as Bourke starves for want of such a stimulus. We hope that even yet the mistake will be rectified, and Mr. Cook sent to' Bourke. We are requested to remind those of our readers living within travelling dis tance of Nowra, that a week of festival services will be held in the Shoalhaven Circuit during next week, when free will offerings will be received in aid of the Church and Circuit Funds. An old-fashioned tea -meeting will be held at Nowra on the evening of Wednes day, the 12th inst., tea on the tables from 6 to 7.30. At the public meeting Revs. J, Somerville (the first Wesleyan minister appointed to Shoalhaven), J. A. Nolan, K. A. Corner, and other ministers will be in attendance, Rev. J. Nolan will preach in Nowra on the 9th inst., and the Rev. J. Somerville on the morning of the 16th inst. At Falls' Creek on the 10th; at Cambe- . warra on the 11th; and at Kangaroo Valley on the 13th, Mr. Nolan will de liver his popular lecture on ' The Siege of Derry.' An important matter was discussed in an informal manner at the Minister's Meeting on Monday last, viz., the re arrangement of the boundaries of the Circuits in the Metropolitan area. There was a consensus of opinion that such rearrangement is highly desirable, but the difficulties in the way were clearly recognised. It was also recog nised that nothing could be done until the Circuit quarterly meetings had been consulted, and their approval obtained, but, in order to consider the question in a practical manner, and to have some thing to submit to the quarterly meet ings and District Synods, it was agreed that the President should convene an informal meeting of the ministers and circuit stewards within the area referred , to, to look at the matter with a view to formulating definite proposals. On ac count of the President's absence during the next week or to, it was agreed to defer this meeting till Friday, 28th inst., then to be held at 6.30 p.m. Dr. Sellors intimated to the Com mittee of the Sustentation Society on Tuesday last his intention to retire from his present position as General Secre tary at the end of the present Con nexional year. This intimation will be received with more regret than sur prise. The arduous responsibilities connected with the position, and the long and laborious journeys incident to the discharge of its duties, are such that no man need seek to hold the office for a longer term than six years. And in discharging his duty, Dr. Sellors has never spared himself. Moreover, by the courtesy, zeal, ability, and enthu siasm with which he has administered the affairs pertaining to his office, he has laid our church under lasting obli gation, and rendered the position one of no little difficulty to his successor, whoever he may be. The time has not come just yet for estimating the ser vices of Dr. Sellors in the office he is about to vacate ; but it is safe to say that in his hands the best traditions of the position have been fully sustained, and the sphere of the Society's useful* ness extended in several directions. 