CHILDREN'S GOLUMN. CUNNING WITH A CANNON. (BY.GEORGE GORDON, in the "BOSTON YOUTH'S COMPANION.") On board of the cholera-infected steamship Normannia, as she lay day after day at quarantine with her hundreds of aggrieved and impatient cabin passengers, who had no cholera and were not likely to have it, we had a philosophic passenger named Stinson, who attempted to divert our minds with a " fad " of his own. He was an ardent naturalist and lover of animal life; and he desired to interest the public in an attempt to save from extinction each animals as the moose, the buffdo, the elephant, and the beaver, the grizzly bear, the grey wolf, and the lion. His plan was to establish protected preserves for animals in favorable places in order that a century or two hence these animals may still exist for oar descendants to see. For these species to perish, Mr. Stinson argued, would be an irreparable misfortune. The earth will never produce their like again. There are scores of uninhabited Islands and other isolated tracts of country where families of all thesn vanishing generations could be colonised in the Yellowstone Park. " Why preserve all these beasts ? They are of no use," one passenger argued. " It would be a waste of time and money. The brutes would soon be breaking out of the preserves, too, and make trouble for everybody living near." "That is an argument from a bald, utilitarian point of view," replied the moosepreserver, as he had been dubbed. " Think how our descendants, 100 years hence, will despise us if we exterminate all these interesting and wonderful species!" " I draw the line at grizzly bears," remarked a facetious young gentleman from Tacoma. "And I draw the line at elephants," cried an Englishman who hailed from Cape Town. " We tried preserving those brutes down in South Africa. The Government, some years ago, had the same idea as our friend here. There was but one wild herd of elephants left in Cape Colony, and that was out near the Enysna. Many wellmeaning persons were so much alarmed lest the noble animals should die ont, and they said so much aboat it, that the Government at length passed an Act protecting elephants and giving them liberty to range where they pleased. It was made a misdemeanour for any one to hunt or otherwise harass them. " The consequence was that in seven or eight years that herd of elephants became the greatest nuisance ever inflicted on the people of that quarter of the world. " My brother and I owned a sheep run in the Zondag River country. Those elephants persecuted us for several years. The silence of their movements was such that they often came into mealie fields , without arousing the neighboring watchdogs. Or it may have been that the dogs were terrified into quiet by the elephants' approach. One night the herd took the sacks of wool off one of onr ' trek' waggons which stood out loaded to go to Cape Town and scattered them about. " At another time they came to a hut in the night where one of our shepherds was asleep. An elephant thrust his trunk in at the* open window- hole, felt about the interior with it, got hold of the shepherd's foot and pulled him out of his bunkl When the man awoke to find himself thus hauled off his couch he was frightened almost to death. " His tired dog, which had also been asleep inside, now rushed out, barking furiously; whereupon the elephant let go the man, caught up the dog, and threw him a hundred feet, into a rocky kloof, or gully. The fall broke the dog's back. " For his life the shepherd durst not stir ont of his hut. He at first believed that a serpent had seized him. The elephants amused themselves by breaking down the sheep corral, for a time, and at last sauntered away. "This shepherd, by-the-byo, was an American, named Dryfield, who had been a gunner on board the Confederate privateer Shenandoah, which was cruising for whale ships in the North Pacific, and continued at sea for two months or more after Lee's ,. surrender. When the crew learned that they had been privateering after the war had ceased, they did not dare to surrender themselves lest they might be hanged as pirates. At last they were turned adrift in f fereigi} port, and PrySeld came to (ftp? Colony, where he took service as a shepherd. "Those Cape elephants were great travellers. Often they came a distance of 20 miles in a single night, to break into the mealie field of some unsuspecting settler who awoke next morning to find his crop destroyed. By this time the herd was many miles away. " Garden raiding became a pastime with this herd, and as there were more than 20 of the big brutes, a farmer's efforts for the season were frequently cancelled in a few hours. " Not content with eating ftesh vegetables, the beasts would break down fruit trees, and small shade trees, sometimes stripping off every branch and leaving only the bare trunk of the tree. One night while passing a sheeprancher's place, the rogues, apparently for a practical joke, took the thatched roof off a small barn and lifted out a mule. The poor beast was found lying in a pool near the barn next morning, with most of his bones broken. " The herd was often fired at by angry settlers, but the law protecting elephants restrained us from organising a regular hunt. My brother and I lost several plats of' mfalies,' or Indian corn. We obeyed the law, but we deemed its operation unjust, and thought we had a right to make a vigorous effort to drive away the marauders from onr own property. " During one of the early wars with the Boers and Keffira a column of British troops, retreating from the Comna Dagga, had left a six-pound brass howitzer behind them. For many years the piece had remained in possession of a settler named Dromgole. While we were casting about us for some expedient to save our mealie crop Dryfield thought of this old howitzer. " Our first idea was to fire it in the night, during the period of full moon in February to scare the brutes away. We had powder, but no six-pound balls until Dryfield made a clay mould and ran several leaden balls, which be finished off by paring with a knife. They weighed much more than an iron ball of the same" siz°, and we experimented cautiously with the old gun lest it should burst with the discharge. But it was sound. "Dryfield fired three balls at a large rock and hit it twice. " A few nights later the elephants visited a plantation across the river. They commonly came up the southerly bank of the Zondag, from the wooded hilly districts to the east and south-east. An agreement was entered into between Dromgole and ourselves to set a watch on clear nights while there was moonlight. "There are bluffs along the northerly bank of the Zondag, a mile or two south of The fieldpiece was hauled there and masked under a little shed amidst the bush which crowned the bluff. The Zondag is there 100 yards in width or more, and fordable in some places. " Several Kaffirs were hired to watch for the herd. Some time passed before one of the negroes, known as John Fattoo, came over to our place in the night and informed ns that the elephants had gone up the river bank. " It is one of the characteristics of elephants that, on their night expeditions, they nearly always come and go by the same path, or in tracking phrase,' pick up their own trail.' Hence we felt pretty sure that they would return that way after a few hours. We dressed in haste, sent the Kaffir to rouse Dryfield, and set off for the bluffs. " The early part of the night had been dark. The moon, now in its last quaiter, rose after midnight, and was now looking up over the wooded Knysna mountains. On reaching the bluff where the gun was posted, we found our hired watchman soundly asleep in a blanket. We woke him and sent him up the river to watch. " Dryfield loaded the gun, and we waited. It was a chilly night, very dewy and damp, with a slight mist rising from the river below us. After a time the Kaffir crept back, saying that the herd was coming down; and soon we heard one low ' toot' from the leader. " Then the herd filed insight, and moved along in the open meadow across the river. Their maich was curiously quiet and orderly. They appeared to be in single file j and from where we lay hidden, their pace was as noiseless as if they had been so many ghosts. la the obscurity they resembled a long train of loaded wool waggons. " Dry field brought the gun to bear, and before the herd had come down opposite as, he fitfid on them. It is likely that the ball passed over the beads of the elephants probably in advance of them. The leader stopped short. " When the report crashed on their ears they wheeled about and ran back to where a group of large melkhout trees afforded a deep shadow. Here they stood as quietly as a party of frightened schoolboys. We had charges of powder made np, and Dryfield, reloading, trained the gun on the timber clump and sent a second ball through the tree tops. " With the second report the leader of the herd apparently made up his mind that the noise indicated something hostile and dangerous. So he led off trumpeting at a run back along their trail up the river. But they had not gone far when they sighted or scented two or three Kaffirs who had heard the firing and were coming down the bank. Thereupon the whole herd wheeled about and came back at a rapid run. " A third ball was fired among them as they rushed along ; but this time they did not pause for an instant. We hurriedly recharged the gun, and before they were fairly past Dryfield sent a fourth missile low over their backs. There were seventeen of the big brutes. Several of them trumpeted from fear, following the last report. " Before we could load again they were well past us, but we slung the gun on its wheels and fired a fifth shot after them at a distance now of probably six or seven hundred yards. Tree tops on the immediate river bauk in part obstructed Dryfield's arm, but from what was learned next day we surmised that this last shot hit an elephant. "There was a kloof, or gully, on the farther bank, where a tributary stream flowed down. The elephants had to cross it, and we hoard them trumpeting there for some little time after the fifth shot. They were now entirely out of sight, but we fired the last of our lead balls after them at a venture, and then returned home, thinking we had given the mischievous beasts a great fright, if nothing" more. " Next day a Kaffir came to tells us that in the kloof down the river lay a disabled elephant. My brother and I took our carbines and bade the man show the way. " In the kloof we found an elephant lying in the bed of the gully and groaning dolefully. One of its large ears was nearly torn away, end one of its fore-Tegs was in jured. "It was evident from the tracks that the other members of the herd bad sought to give aid to their unfortunate companion, and that they had gone away only after finding their efforts vain. "We shot and killed the poor beast. Whether our six-pound balls had had anything to do with disabling him, or whether be had received his injury from falling accidentally in the kloof, was not wholly clear. " Lest we might all three be informed on and fined, our neighbor Dromgole united with us in a report to the authorities at Cape Town to the effect that we had found an elephant lying disabled in a kloof, and had dispatched it. I must confess it was a somewhat one-sided report, since we omitted all mention of the howitzer. " So far as we were able to learn these elephants did not come up the Zondag again for three years. There is no doubt that the creatures are very intelligent and have good memories, but I have no wish to have a colony of them for my neighbors." " Ah, but preserves might easily be located where no one need suffer from them," interposed the " moose-preserver," earnestly. " Think of the thousand uninhabited islands of the South Pacific and Indian oceans. Safe preserves might be located there for every species of animal life." \- The facetious young gentleman had been watching bis chance. He smiled. "Would you have a preserve for that enterprising spccies, the cholera microbe ?'' he asked. The moose-preserver frowned at the perpetrator of the weak witticism. 