AQUATICJfOTES, ! YACHTING. It is rumoured that unforseen circumstances will preclude the popular owners of last year's champion 21 footer, "Thelma," from racing her throughout the coming season. There is but one general feeling amongst the yachting fraternity over this matter, and that is regret, for the Messrs. Oldmeadow Bros, have won the esteem of all who know them, and their little clipper has always been sailed to win if possible. Should Thelma, unfortunately, not race so frequently as Heretofore,' the coming season will be shorn of a lot of interest, for last season she was, undoubtedly the best all-round boat in her class, and her many admirers were looking forward to some _ keen contests this season between her, Viking, and the little Scotch clipper.' , Viking is to be carefully prepared for the coming struggles, and' should thus regain some of her lost speed, a good many yachtsmen holding the opinion that Viking possesses far more speed than she has yet shown. The proposal to form two classes' in the 30-foot class is a good one, and it is hoped the idea will be acted on, for it would cause some good racing, say amongst Olga. Imp, Atlanta, Hqbe, Inez, Cid, sea, boats which experience shows have not a ghost of a show; against their more modern sisters. This idea is not a new one, as it was contemplated years ago, when the D.S.C. rules were revised. It would also' undoubtedly strengthen the membership of the D.S.C. by bringing into the field a number of owners who, would other wise see no use in joining, ' Good progress has been made towards the completion of the " bouncer boat" by Mr. Hedberg and his willing assistants, and the yachting fraternity of Hobart will soon be able to judge of the performances of this (to many minds) peculiar form of sailing boat. in the North Mr. T. Archer, who is one of the most enthusiastic yachtsmen in the Island, has already led the way in introducing a little " bouncer," and, from all accounts, she is a perfect wonder, carrying her sail well, and travelling like a "streak." She was built by Ned Jack, of Trevallyn, and is turned out in his usual finished style. A meeting between this boat and Mr. Tarleton's bulb fin boat would be most interesting. In the match for the "Cowes Town Prize " on August 6, Vigilant in jibing round (the flag boat, heeled over to such an extent as to show her keel, and for a moment it appeared as if she wore going to capsize. t ' In *' The Forest and Stream," of July 21, there is a very sensible article on the defeats of the bronze beauty." The writer points out that no fault was found with the crew and captain when she won, and that other ox situations must be forthcoming for her want of success. In the words of Bret Harte he asks : " ' ' ' ', Is the centreboard sheep but a failure. Or is shifting ballast played out ? Up to August 3 the Prince of Wales' yacht Britannia had won £1,935. This is exclusive of £000 secured in the Mediterranean. As £1,640 is the records it is, more than probable that the Prince's, cutter will weak at this season. The well-known Sydney, yacht Waitangi, which has been out of commission for some time, has been sold to Captain, Press, and in the course of a few days will leave Port Jackson, for Noumea with a freight of explosives. Under the ownership of Mr. A. G. Milson, the Waitangi was the crack yacht of Sydney Harbour, and, also of the colonies, winning the intercolonial champion yacht race in 1800 from the Victorian yacht Janet and the Magic, of Sydney. ROWING. Everything at present points towards a successful season, and many new faces are to be seen at the sheds. There has been no move made on the part of the M.R.C., which is a pity. If no arrangement can be made to set the club going again, a new institution would be the better idea. It would not cost much to start one-a couple of club boats, together with private ones - and, the I affair is under weigh., No doubt the guarantors would be glad to let the sheds at a moderate rental. It is to be hoped that the matter will, be taken up and that, ere a couple of weeks have done by, the old Sheds will be in a nourishing condition again. The Derwent club have decided to carry out the Regatta at Beltana on November 9. Satisfactory terms have been arranged between the parties interested, and all that is needed now is the co-operation of the yachting community to make the affair a success. The annual meeting of the D.R.C. will be held on the nth prox., when the usual business will, be transacted. Many new members are promised and it seems probable, that the club will have a very successful season. A committee has been appointed to carry out the annual ? regatta at Shipwright's Point on New Year's Day. It is on the cards that rowers will have a slice of the programme, which is a matter for congratulation, as the river is a splendid one to row on, and the facilities for reaching the scene of action remarkably easy. An old identity passed to the other I shore this week, and one who has I pulled in many a stiff' contest in the early days of rowing on the Derwent, Richard Archer, the person in question, was one of the best amateur rowers of his day, whilst his brother formed one of the first intercolonial crew that visited Sydney many years ago, when an interesting struggle ended in the " Tassies " finishing second. The names of the crew were :-Messrs. Best, Gaylor. Abbot, and Archer, with J. Hopwood coxswain. Among the items on a versatile programme of a regatta which took place on the Thames _ recently was a pair oared race in which the coxswain was a lady, whilst for a double sculling contest the conditions were a lady and gentleman. How would this suit some Tasmanian damsels, often seen in the vicinity, of the cattle jetties 7 It would certainly test their tempers, and go a long way to determine whether they would be fit competitors to row together on the troubled sea of matrimony. G. Bubear has answered Sullivan's challenge for a single sculls race, or a double sculls contest. He will row Sullivan for £100 a side ; or with W. Barry will double-scull Sullivan and Harding for £200 a side. Both races are fairly tempting for Sullivan, except that Bubear and Barry ask for 10sec. start in the double sculls race. Barry is the man who made such a remarkably fast race with Bubear when the Thames championship course was rowed by the ex-champion of England in 21 min. 44sec. This time 'is the record for the course, and at the rate of certain. Suez. per mile. It will be a year on, Tuesday since Sullivan defeated, Bubear for the championship of England, 