The Floods. — rTbe heavy rains which have iallenin this district dnring the last few days, have resulted in most ex- ' tensive floods, which according to. the re ports of onr many correspondents, have been .very general. It is generally con- sidered that no greater flood has occurred in the Western DiBtriot since that of 1870, andoo this occasion the water-marks of that memorable event have been topped in many places. The hope is generally ex pressed that the rain is now over, as the towosbip of Casterton is in a very pre carious position, and another heavy down fall wonld cause great havoc. Yesterday was fairly fine, bnt in the evening a few light showers fell, and the prospert is by no means very enoonraging. Tbe lengthy reports of the floods have taken np a ooo- siderable portion of the space in to-day's issue, end we are therefore obliged' to hold over our leading article and a quantify of other "matter: Melbourne Hunt Club Races. — Mr. Robertson's sterling hcnter,. Killarney, returned from Melbourne yesterday, after having won the Hunters' Cap on Saturday, carrying I2st. 121bs., from Postscript, with Avocet third. Gillie Galium fell in his race,- the Two-mile Open Hunters' event, which was won by Old Jndge, after a great finish with Royal Oak, Mail boy being third. In connection with these amateur events . on .metropolitan' courses, coun try nominators are at a great disadvantage. The weights are rarely declared and pub lished till . within .-a conple of days of the meeting and thos horses have often to be despatched "before the owners actually learn what they " have "to carry. In any case a nervous horse has a bad chance when it has to travel a long distance by rail and thoi race a day later. In this case the ! weights were promised for Wednesday's - Argus yet on Toursday when they proceeded CO track their homes Mr. Robertson and Mr. Learmonth only knew their own horses' imposts by private telegram and bad no -chance of comparing them, the 'weights -not appearing in Wednesday's paper. A few days would make all the "difference to country sportsmen in this respect and it is to be ' fo>ped__tbat .-the M.H.C. and other clnba will be"more considerate in fntnre. \- Mount Rouse Shihe Valuations.— The whole of the new valuations for the Shire of Mount Rouse appear on the fourth page of today's issue. _.T3us. body. has mot madedt a practice litely te "publish these lists, -.and Ahe appearance of the names will provide a source" of information to the general body of ratepapers, this being a special valuation. The plan is indeed a most satisfactory "one, as it eusbles every person interested to enjoy a means of com- garisoo by eimply glineinp at the published f DEATH OF Ma.,-j3".- G..4?oesyth. — FromT&roff; Queensland comes intelligenoe annonneing jtiie 'death . of a -native of this district, in ihe 'person : of Mr. John G. Foreytbitiie eldeet son of Mr. John Forsyth, wbirii sad event occurred at the residence ofhis parents, Emerald, Queensland, on the 27th ult. Mr. John Forsyth was for many years a prominent member of the Dundas Shire Council, but reeigned that poutionhn migrating to take posaeesion ol some pro perty in thecolony mentioned,heing accom panied by his family. Educated at. tile Aoag emy theeoaaeed , who was noted u a Tteen sportsman and cricketer, sraslfmoyant yritb hope that a properous career was in store"for lnmliathad cot "long'behuresi- dsntinthe new Itedof ipromiae-Tiefore.hB met , with a Dense of Wnnldwite, j om-bne uorati ji his horae fslliqgfwjth Bin£ >nd crnshmg him bo severely that he neverlFaUy reoovered from ite effeots. By these unto ward' events d 'robust rsonstitutiou became undermined, and eighteen months ago, when teiK fo Yictoiia.'for. treatthent "liy l)r. T. Soott, that gentleman held ont little hope, and Mr. Foreyth went home only to linger a short time and die. - As a student, he wasa general favourite wh 7iis\master aud schoolfellows, as ashothafLfify? superiors, and as bowler end 'hatemita |iromised to become one of the best tine district has pro duced. Their many friends -will join in expressing sympathy lor jthe-familiee, the Eorayths aud ie Masons 'lhsriecresed bring a . nephew of " MeemB.jia S. uLsepu — wng ;auaviB ; tosmoutn inettsfosi of .one they sririS-'irSLKSsifc above Cluh'vIl be heldat 'tetefolrt' Rail (hist Tnesdayj :1«verum£-$jp is Haired thii daieip'ouHjPd at- important. sheet for the paet seasonWfllie sohmitted for., onntidmation; and officers tiected,Jor 1894-5. There is ; ievary.qrttiSpleaiof a good season before the GraiebpabClab, which! has now tiis nee of a veiy f 'pUyinc; day Jialf-hpliday, it-fo totei hoped that this ssss DKAIS DFHEJRSN fip. fiHcLBtuSlNK. — We fJtjriw) Vfyrrt to. have to announce' the. death of the Vety Rev. Hussey Burgh day-ttioniihg'it the deraeiy. The Dean/1 k®a«Hi8RiMSgs diocese in 1855-56, 1863-64, 1874 77, and 1886.87, and was Archdeacon of Melbourne from 1857 to 1868, and of Melbourne and Geelong from 1869 to 1687. The rev. gentleman was one of tbe oldest clergymen of the Church of England, and he retained his intellectual pou ers to the last, preach ing a Bermon witein the last few weeks. First Wool' of the Season.— Two teams containing 43 bales 'of wool. con- signed to Messrs. Permewan, Wright and Co., arrived at the Hamilton railway station yesterday, being tbe first lot" received there this season. These came from Mr. Thoa. Roborteoii, of Congbool, and had .the , weather been more favourable for shear ing operations, more wonld have been forth coming before- now. The same-firm -have despatched fonr large teams to Mount Talbot to bring the wool from that estate. The staff of the Hamilton goods shed are looking forward to a busy time this season. Detention of Goods.— At the Hamilton Police Court before Messrs. R. E. Johns, P.M., and W.'R. G. Campbell, J.P., Ellen Tucker proceeded against Charles Brown f..r detaining certain articles of the total value of £3, the alleged property of the complainant. Mr. Horwitz appeared for-' -the defendant.: Mrs. -Tndker at.firet asked for a remand, on the grounds that her husband was away from home, bnt de cided to go on with the case when informed that the summons had been taken out in her own name. She stated that. the de fendant bad been lodging with her and her hnsband for some years, till a very short time ago. About fonr years ago be bonght for complainant at a sale a cabinet, some books and other things for £3. He paid for the things with his own money, "but the amount had afterwards been "deducted from hie account for board. A short time ago he left them, and, before going, daring her absenae at the shop, he threw the contents of the cabinet on the floor and took it awsy with him In cross- examination com plainant admitted that at the 'time the articles wCre hoaght thehuEiuees had been" inner husband's name, and that the board was therefore owing fto him, bnt she had told him of tbe transaction, and he had given defendant credit for the price paid for the articles, telling her that she conld keep them for her awn. Mr. Horwitz contended that a conversation betwen complainant and her husband in the absence of defendant was no evidence. ' Mr. Johns said that it proved a gift. Mr. Horwitz again con tended that there was no evidence showing that the husband had presented the articles to his wife. The complainant stated that the defendant before taking the articles had asked her to give them to him, bnt she had refused. She had since then told him that she would take proceedings against him if he did not bring the things back, but he had not done so. The case was adjoarned till -next Monday. Social. — Tbe half-yearly social of the Hamilton Catholic Yonng Men's Society was held in the School-room last evening, and was a moat enjoyable affair. There teas. agood'Bttendanee of the mem bers and their lady friends, and as usual dancing formed the principal part of the entertainment. Excellent music was pro vided by Messra Meek (piano) -and Wyatt (violin), to which the yonng people tripped in gay style. Welcome light refreshments were served at intervals, and the proceed ings were very pleasant, indeed. The arrangements made by the Committee' and Hon. Secretary were carried through without a break, and the social was brought t-r a conclusion at an early hour this morning. A Disastrous Fire. — Mr. Joseph Storer met with a severe loss last week (writes oar Branxhoime correspondent). He and his sons 'were away from home clearing a piece of land that he has lately leased and were living in a hut near which they were working. After having breakfast one morning Mr. Storer settled the fire, and left everything as he thought quite safe, but on getting back from his work he received a great chock at finding that the hut had been burned to ashes, and everything completely destroyed. The hat ignited, he thinks, by - the wind blowing some sparks out of the fireplace, and as there won a quantity of inflammable material in tbe place, the fire soon started, and was unfortunately not noticed by anyone. Besides the loss of the hot, Mr. Storer loses five saddles and bridles, five suits of clothes, four overcoats, and a quantity of bedding, rations aod horse . . feed, the - whole of which were completely destroyed. Hamilton T?. and A. Society.— At the Committee meeting on Saturday Mr. Tatlock raised a question whioh has given rise to much comment amongst members of the Society and the general public. This is the free entertainment of visitors under the grand-stand, and the stiff liqaor bill which has to be paid amounting this year to £12. No fair-minded person will despute the propriety or deny the obligation of tbe Society to supply judges with refreshments, and as to the manner of entertaining them there is flo room for objection, -provided they are properly attended to. Tbe point is that a great many others who have no claim upon the Society at all are said to enjoy -tbe -privilege of free drinks on Show'aayB.' This', if true, is the outcome of a wish to : treat die tinguished visitors, large special prize- givers and exhibitors from a distance in a hospitable manner. : It becomes a question of where to draw the line, and it is oertainly very hud npon the Secretary that he should have this delicate task thrust npon him. It would, in fact, be'impossible to "carry oat the intention of the Society strictly with out giving offence to some persons aod thns the provision for free liqaor is undoubtedly abased. The amount of money spent may Lie taken as a guide. The eum of £12 re prreents 480 nobblers at public-house bar price, but at grocers' prioes in bulk it pro bably- means that something like 1000 drinks - ware, indulged in- during the show at the expense of tbe Society. It would be absurd to- suppose -that tbe judges, distinguished visitors and specially ; large exhibitors consumed so much, .and the natural inference is that people who are not entitled to the privilege enjoy tbe ronof the liqaor. Other societies have suffered so greatly through this that they have adopted the plan of giving each batch of (Stewards authority -to : ftest their jndgeB at a private window "in the booth, and render an account afterwards. Possibly the difficnlfy might be overcome by setting apart a room, as at present," and allotting stewards .to -invite those it is desired to en tertain, while -insisting that , -all drinks ebould he paid for at once, justras in -a" booth. -By this plan the booths would cesiise'more money, end the Society would Save spine; thus giving a double benefit, end at the same time patting a stop to the ugly tomMeuts npW pretty generally passed on ffe fraedrinlring at the Shows. _ L vfitorooD Iters.— At the meeting of -(he committee' of the Mechanics', held'nn Thuraaay evening, it was deoided to mdd £13 jvorth';of:Dt flbpoli Lb tbe Hhraiy / writes onr torrepODdent). -/A . ptinfnl accident bappened-jopBanaey to'i yduog'man homed Henry Jlril. . While' attempting to catch d horae, the" animal turned on him and kicked cut, infiioting a very psiufal wonnd on his forehead about three indies in length. He was brougfat-ia to Dr. Friessbonir, who Btitched -hp -thfe svoun3. —We are abon t to lose another of onr -residents fa Mr. Robert Held, who'-fs kboot to depart for Hopetoon, where he intende opening : buamees as ia'pro- jdooemerohknt. r- 7$e wish himevery Buooess dnhiilbew'Jvmtnre. !- - r.;-.-:- absenoe of "T lienfonsnt-ColoneL Price, who bad bpeu'revented .from -ooming by the death of his.mother, made a tour of inspec tion raand the variooB <letaahmeats<of & Company. " On TUesdayWfhtoefited at Nartawong, Wednesday at "Heywoodl TbnredfyiriKBtiitiSobna; SHltiy at Cos! wua co MBimnniHr »dq .vaomq -JRMitteMb SMlMMSsifcSBSB the "itei dnlL?ganlrodticgd in these oolonies . by Major-GeneralHnttioDiiibP ' -NewGnMh they had mastered tbe innovation, and they oongratulated the detachments on their still maintaining their position of forming the best Company in the Regiment. This com pliment reflects great credit on Sergeant- Major Baker, wbo has spared no trouble to keep the men in bis charge in the high state of perfection in whidi they had been handed over to Sum by his predeoeesor, and we may add he feels proud of the" manner in which his men had appeared at the inspection parades, saying that they had turned ont as smart ob any men in the Imperial Army. A Hard Case. — An old man named George'.Parcell was brought before Messrs. R. E. Johns, P.M.,and W. R. G. Campbell, J. P., at the Hamilton Police Court yester day, on a charge of vagrancy. Defendant stated that a little over a month ago he had given himself np to Senior Constable MCnrdy at Coleraine, having no means of snpport, and being unable to work on ac count of a sore foot. He was remanded to Hamilton where -he had been aentenoed to one month's imprisonment in the Hamilton gaol with a view of having him admitted to the Benevolent Asylum when a vacancy oc curred. On Saturday this time had expired and on "the Thursday previous the Rev. Canon Tucker had visited him in gaol, and had promised that he wonld see what oould .be done, bnt defendant had 'heard no more of it. On Satur day after being discharged from gaol he had seen the Rev. J. K. Maomillan, who had advised him to see Mr. Wiggins on Monday with a view of having the oase brought before the Hospital Committee at their meeting on Tuesday. Having no' means to provide for himself food and shelter till Monday he was compelled to give himself np again to the police. Con stable Gawley stated that the defendant SODeared to be a vrell- condnctedresnectable man, and he believed that defendant had got into that position through no fault of his, bnt that it was simply a case of mis fortune. The old man was remanded till Friday, on the understanding that if he conld be admitted to the Benevolent Asylum daring the time he was to be brought up and discharged. ANotbbb Reason for Voting. — " "Woomera " has the following in last week's Australasian-. — " In a Western con stituency, which I won't- specify more closely than to say that in the last Parlia ment it was represented by a Baronet, there is a naturalised Chinaman, who is a quiet and respectable and prosperous citizen. Being asked to vote against the said baronet be readily consented, saying, ' Alite, me votee Dnffus ; me no votee Olochalan. Supposes me die, Dnffus come my funelaL Welly good." Olochalan no come my fnhelal, too mnohee long way off, sabee ?' It ia said that the baronet in ques tion would be only too glad to attend a great many faneralp in that constituency juBt now." Thua tile local candidate scores even with the intelligent Chinaman. Cavendish. — Our correspondent writes The Cavendish Band of Hope held a concert on last Thursday evening. Mr. R. Yonng presided, and asked the audience to make the evening a special one, as it was tbe last occasion on which the MiB9es Quigley wonld be amongst them as residents, aud be hoped they would appreciate the manner in which they hod so kindly as sisted at their entertainments. The follow ing was the programme : — Hymn and prayer ; piano dnet, " Christmas Bells," the Masters IV. and J. Young ; recitation, Mr. R. Scott ; hymn bv choir ; piano duet, " Weber's last waltz," the Misses Quigley ; the Chairman address ; reading, - Mr. R. Scott ; piano solo, " Daase De Enfants." Miss G. Young ; read ing, Mr. R. Roberts ; piano duet, " Woodland echoes," Miss Quigley and Mr. R. Roberts; hymn, by ohoir ; song, " Write me a letter from home," Miss A. Hndden, encored ; piano solo, " The robin's return," Mies E. Wilsou ; dialogue, " How to manage a husband," Mr. R. Roberts and MiBS A Haddeo ; piano duet, " The fairy's wedding waltz," Miss Quigley and Miss Roberta, encored ; hymn and benediction. — Mr. King baa started a saw mill -on the Kenilworth estate, to be carried out on a large scale, and I believe it will increase the number of onr population by 60. The works are intended to be carried on for some years, and when the mill has got into fall swing, I shall give yon a more lengthy account of its workings. . Armour in War. — In Temple Bar there is a short aod interesting account of WllaeL rase VSUsIsaIvIiV 4ha 1 ..t A MtaAA teA AAA r_ _ n tiov woo ptuuauij vuo irat opc«iiL<suuc m the field of men in armonr. This was in January, 1799, at the town of Aquila, iu the Abrazzo, .then held by a garrison of 400 French troops. The peasants broke into the town, and though they were driven out by the French, they continued to give serious trouble. They even drove the French into the fort, and made ready to bombard them with heavy goos. Tbe French were in an awkward position. " Boulart, the officer of . artillery, ransacking his brains for the means of sending ont men to apike tbe gons on the glacis, nnder the fire of the insurgents from tbe neighbouring houses, suddenly remem bered he had seen iu his magazines some suits of plate armour, and he proposed to try whether, protected by them, men conld not sally ont aod work iu security under mnsketry fire. He got together twelve complete enits,. and -dressed ont twelve gonneraand grenadiers, thus selecting big men, be it remarked. At a certain hour, the garrison lined the covered way, and from thCnce and from the fort opened a steady fire of mnsketry and of artillery on tbe lines of tbe insurgents. Then ont marched the twelve knights of toe eighteenth century, much in David's state of mind when he com plained he had not proved bis armonr. The men carried handspikes, hammers and spikes. Moving slowly, and awkwardly, in their heavy steel mail, still they succeeded in completing their -work nnder a bail of bullets from the iosnrgents. The scene is described, as we can well believe, to have been most remarkable, and to have had something pictnreeqne and also diabolical about it As the mailed figures moved in silence amongst the guns, their handspikes lookingl ike maces, their silence and the slowness of their action seemed unnatural under toe steady bail of ballets. The in surgents were believed to have Jhoar-ht bell itself had sent forth these extraordinary antagonists, ghosts of a past age ; while the French on the ramparts, true to their natnre, the ifiratWiment of anxiety over, burst into roars of laughter," Temperance Meeting to-night, In the Temperance Rail, Hamilton. Songs, choruses, recitations, dialogue, etc. . Photographs have been taken 500 .feet nnder water. Football wasa prime in England daring the reiga of Henry VIII. . .(Pilgrim's Progress" hse been translated into "203 dialects 'and languages. There are more mnsolea in tbe tail of a rat than there nee in e hnman Lend ' The Prince of Wales has 17 brothers-in- law, 16 ancles, 57. couuos and 58 nephews and nieces. ! The statement is made that daring the last 100 years France has lost 6,000,000 aol- dietsin .war. ?:r Red hair isof'that colour -because it is "rappered 'to have a larger proportion of Rnhphnr,toan blabk hair.- . torn bedsteads sire safe daring a jhunder- stbrm because, 'being good conductors, they keep toe rieotricifyhrom'toe hody. . . ' /In China a man who killed ius father was exeouted, and along with bim luB .school master for not having taught him better. loDBattanboga a mimWyraraoMlomed the band of a yonng lady by .way of compli- ment, anffpheihas sued bun for breach of RbOant figures ehow fyat the total valne of jto'e matches made land consumed each yearitiiroughout the worid iB but littie short M8pM.OOO. J&xplorere; declare that Wfloweting plant bteeBr bpen found iratMn vlthe Antarctic wme. TD Hie jarotic -3v wincsoc SuhrilB marraurbtorato the Vibrations of tbsetlurmn elaanlile, are col- leoted jthe 'theR Srad shape are toe metal readily absorbs alarge part of toe "hrat-of-toexradm-'?://:'-i'i . grimed, toijoaaje .f, feris 