MISTAKEN IDENTITY I am a barrister, and at the time of which I write, briefs were neither plentiful nor profitable. The principal work I did was "devilling" — a part analogous to that played by the "ghost" known in art circles — and the successful man for whom I devilled caused me many a pang of envy— he was so aggressively prosperous and patronising, and had so many cases in hand. Luckily, I was not quite without means of my own. When in calm moments I compared my lot with his, I came to the conclusion that I had much the best of it. I was young, he was middle- aged, I pos- sessed a good figure, while Taypes, my principal, was short and squat, red of face and nearly bald. His features were blunt and plebeian, mine well- cut and aristocratic. Taypes was married, and his wife, like himself, was an uninteresting person; I was a bachelor from choice, and only tem- porarily. For I was in love, and all but engaged to a pretty, sweet- tempered young Highland lady, whose pedigree amptlv atoned for the small- ness of her "tocher." We had reached the most charming stage of courtship. There was no formal engagement between us, but I had given Alison to understand that she was the one girl in all the world for me; and she had somehow con- veyed to me that when the time came when I should be able to tell her so, she would not give me what the Ger- mans absurdly call "a basket " — in other words, that she would not refuse me. I was on my way to attend the mar- riage of Alison's brother when the in- cident happened which I am about to narrate. My destination was Argyleshire. As I sped northwards I felt no presenti- ment of the coming catastrophe, was untroubled even by envious qualms re- garding Taypes's irritating prosperity. I left London by the limited mail for Glasgow. Depositing my Glad- stone bag and a bundle of wraps on the rack of an unoccupied compartment of a first-class carriage, I made myself tolerably snug in a corner, and by the time we got to Derby was sleeping blissfully. I was dreaming of Alison's bright eyes when some hours later I was awakened by the opening of the carriage door, and a penetrating rush of cold air. A man, wrapped in a heavy great- coat, wearing a travelling cap tied down over his ears, and with a silken muffler round his throat, bundled in with his luggage and settled himself in the opposite corner furthest from me. Until then I had had the com- partment to myself. I turned round drowsily, and in rather a bad temper, for my dream had been a pleasant one, and I was annoyed at having had it dispelled. My fellow-traveller's coat was flecked with snow, and when the train resumed its journey I looked out of the window near me and saw that great, white flakes slanted past the pane, driven by a furious wind. The fields and fences were deep in snow. "Confound it all!" I muttered to myself. The anathema included the new-comer, who serenely ensconced himself in his corner among his rugs, and apparently fell asleep. It seemed as if he had stolen from me the comfortable nap I had been enjoying, for from the moment of his intrusion sleep forsook me utterly. So I fell to watching him with a mixture of curiosity and dislike. He was young — about my own age, I thought — with good features, clean-shaven save for a slight whisker. Ou the floor of the carriage, close at his feet, he had placed a Gladstone bag of about the same dimensions as my own. "Confound him ! why didn't he get into another carriage>" I thought, as I noted these details. His placid slum- ber was intensely irritating to me. I felt injured because he was young and well- favored; because he slept while I was sleepless; because he had a Gladstone bag that was twin brother to mine; because a few flakes of snow insinuated themselves under the car- riage window. I felt a great desire to throw my fellow-traveller and his lug- gage out of my compartment. An hour passed. We were nearing the Border. The snow still drove furiously past the window; above the roar and rattle of the train I could hear the shriek of the wind. The- flakes or snow had increased to a miniature representation of the Grampian Hills along the carriage-window. In spite of my rugs and my greatcoat and my foot- warmer I shivered. My fel- low-passenger still slumbered. Ap- parently he was warm and comfort- able. I hated him more than ever. I began to fancy that I detected between him and myself an odd sort of resemblance. He seemed to have stolen not only my sleep but my very face and figure. I firmly believed that when he opened his eyes I should see that they were grey like mine, making his resemblance to me yet more com- plete and more amazing. The train still battled its way through the storm, but its rate of speed was sensibly lessoning, and before another hour had passed we labored through the masses of snow which covered the track with a difficulty so great that I began to think that not only would the train be very late in arriving at Glasgow, but that its arrival there was by no means a certainty, unless the storm abated. For the present that contin- gency seemed growing very remote. The snow, came down in ever-thicken- ing sheets, and the icy wind rattled the windows and crept in at the crevices of the door.' My hot water tin was as cold as a stone. I pushed it aside petulantly and pulled up the collar of my coat higher. My travelling companion seemed quite oblivious of all the discomforts I was ill-temperedly enduring. He slept soundly, as only very tired man sleep. As I, for the third time, mentally confounded him, the carriage jolted up on one side, and the whole train was suddenly arrested. The whistle sounded in a shriek, as if the engine yelled in anger at its defeat in the battle it had been so bravely fighting with the wind and snow. I heard a woman scream in the next carriage, and voices shout- ing inquiries. The line was blocked, and we were embedded in a gigantic drift. Here was a cheerful outlook! I dashed down the window and put my head out. As far as I could see was a vast field of snow; the air was alive with swiftly-descending flakes. Not a house was in sight; the light from the carriage windows and the lurid glare from the engine alone illuminated the all-surrounding white- ness. The blast howled like a very demon. It was a scene of unmitigated desolation., No chance of reaching Glasgow at the appointed time! And still less chance of my taking part in the wed- ding festivities in Argyleshire! "Surely we are not in Glasgow yet!" said a voice at my elbow. I turned and confronted my fellow- traveller. Yes; I was right. He had grey eves, and my fancy had not run away with me. The fellow had the impertinence to resemble me to a cer- tain extent; but I may add that he rather than I had reason to be flattered by the resemblance. "At Glasgow!" I retorted, irri- tably; "no such luck. We are snowed up somewhere in the wilds— I don't know exactly where. But nobody in this train is likely to set eyes on Glasgow for hours!" "Snowed up! The devil; you don't say so!" rejoined the fellow, briskly; "that won't suit my book." "Nor mine either," I grunted; "I don't suppose anyone but a fool wants to spend hours in a snowed-up railway carriage., I'm hungry already," I added, with a retrospective thought of the hasty dinner I had made six or seven hours ago, and a prospective longing for the splendid breakfast I had intended to make. There was not even a biscuit or a sandwich among my traps. "Hang it; what a nuisance!" growled the other. "Well, I mean to get out of this anyhow," he added, with a sudden resolve. He seized the Gladstone bag lying nearest him, and huddled out of the carriage as sud- denly as he had entered it, and vanished into the whirling whiteness outside. I heaved a sigh of relief. The man must be mad to face such, a storm, but that was his affair, not mine, and I saw him depart without the smallest regret. Well, the upshot of this provoking incident was that for twelve mortal hours we were shut up in the embedded train. The stoker and one of the guards made their way with infinite difficulty to the nearest signalman's hut, but only to find that the telegraph lines up and down were torn down by the furious wind. Some of the passongers had tea and wine packed in their luggage, and a country grocer had a parcel of provisions, which were cooked on a fire kindled on the snow. But what could so little do amongst so many? Of course, we attended to the ladies and children first, and we did our best to keep them warm with all the wraps we could muster. But we spent a wretched day. The snow still fell at intervals, but the wind abated late in the afternoon. We had made out that we were ten miles from the village of Thornhill. The thought of spending another night in the train filled us with dis- may. The rumor of our plight had reached Thornhill, for about four o'clock in the afternoon a ccuple of stalwart lads, with a rough pony laden with provisions, appeared upon the scene. I asked if there was any decent accommodation to be had in the village, and, receiving an affirmative answer, bargained with the relieving party for the transport of my belongings thither. The snow reached our knees, but with the pleasant prospect before me of sleeping in a bed and getting some thing decent to eat, I trudged, or rather waded, on in the wake of the lads. My Gladstone bag and bundle of rugs were placed on the pony's back. After a tiring march of nearly four hours we got to the village, and my guides left me at the door of a very small public-house, where they told me I could put up for the night. My clothes were soaked through with snow, but the contents of my bag would afford me a change of attire, and my depressed spirits rose as I entered the Maxwell Arms. It was a queer-looking little place, but the sight of a blazing fire in the bar-parlor, made me forget the sanded floor and the smell of stale tobacco and beer with which the air was laden. I quickly found myself installed in the one guest-chamber the house boasted. A fire was kindled in the high, old- fashioned grate. Having ordered a meal to be cooked, I unstrapped my Gladstone, and dragged out the first garment that came to hand — a short coat of rough pilot-cloth. I stared at it in dull sur prise; it certainly had not been made for me. And then I suddenly made the discovery that neither the coat nor the bag was mine. That confounded fellow who had travelled with me from Carlisle had made off with my property, and left me in possession of a portion of his beggarly wardrobe. I flung the coat away with an ex- clamation of disgust, and looked at the various garments folded up in the bag with something of the distaste I had felt for their owner. But I was wet to the skin, and shivering as if stricken with the ague. It was not a time to be dainty as to the cut or material of one's clothes. In five minutes I had donned a complete suit from my double's Glad- stone bag, including the despised pilot coat. Then I went downstairs, and did ample justice to a dish of fried ham and eggs, followed by a stiff tumbler of excellent toddy. Greatly refreshed by these creature comforts, I returned to my room. The experiences of the past four-and- twenty hours had thoroughly tired me out, and I was far too sleepy to closely examine the bag from which I had taken the warm and dry clothes I had on. As I turned into bed I wondered, dreamily whether my unknown benefactor was at that moment taking his ease in my- garments. My unreasoning dislike had flown now that he no longer vexed me with his presence, and obtruded on my notice the unwelcome fact that Nature had indulged in the whim of creating a duplicate of my features and figure. My sleep that night was the sleep of a worn-out man. I did not awake until the wintry sun sent a pale thread of light in at the window. Then, with a start, I remembered the circum- stances which had led to my being there. I sprang quickly from my bed. I looked about for my clothes, and then saw that the night before I had omitted to send them to the kitchen to be dried and brushed. There they were lying in a heap on a chair. I could not possibly put them on, for they were still as wet as when I had taken them off. There was nothing for it but to travel on to Glasgow in the clothes I had taken from the stranger's Glad stone bag. My own garments could be dried and sent on, to me at Invera- ray. I would then take steps to recover my bag and return that of my fellow- traveller. Meanwhile, I argued, ex- change was no robbery, and since he had made the stupid mistake of taking my bag instead of his own, there was no reason why I should not tempo- rarily appropriate his. After breakfast I went out into the village to look about me. The snow lay deep, but hard and crisp with frost; the wind had quite gone down, and the sky was blue and cloudless. On in- quiry I learned that it would be pos- sible to drive by road to a station on the line beyond the point where our unlucky train was embedded in the drift. Gangs of workmen were, it was reported, at work on the line, which would most likely be clear by midday. I went back to the Maxwell Arms, strapped up my borrowed Gladstone, left orders with the landlady for the transmission of my property, stepped into the trap I had hired, and drove off in the direction, of the railway station. I arrived there, in due course, and when I was seated in a compart- ment labelled "Glasgow," I congratu- lated myself that my disagreeable ad- venture was over, Alas! it was only in its first stage. The train drew up in the Glasgow station. I gathered up my things and stepped out of the carriage. But I had not gone many paces along the platform before a man accosted me. Behind him was another, whose move- ments were accompanied by a strange clink of metal. "George Curzon, I arrest you in the Queen's name !" said the first man, giving me, at the same, time, a light tap on the shoulder. I stared at him, and drew myself up to my full height. " My name is Ferguson — Duncan Ferguson, barrister, of the Middle Temple, I said; "you have made a great mistake, my man." The fellow smiled in the most aggra- vatingly superior manner. "No mistake about it; you're George Curzon fast enough. It's not the first time we have met. Anyhow, I must trouble you to go with me to the station. You'll go quietly, I hope?" "I'll be hanged if I will!" I re- torted angrily. "I've an appointment to keep, and don't mean to lose time in going to police-stations. There's my card — I fumbled in my pocket for my cardcase — and my luggage to prove my identity." "Bah! that's an old dodge. Paste- board and printing' are cheap— '100 cards, this style, eighteenpence.' As for your luggage, that is deci- dedly more interesting to us. Here, Forsyth, just call a cab, will you, and we'll have a look at that down at the station. 'Now, will you come quietly, or must we put the bracelets on you?" Indignant though I was I was forced to comply. A cab was hailed; I and the two detectives took our seats inside, and that unlucky Gladstone bag was placed on the bottom of the cab. "If you have arrested me for being in possession of that," I said, indicating the bag contemptuously, " I can easily give you an explanation that must secure my release from custody. The bag is not mine." "The contents are not, anyway,'' retorted the detective, significantly. "What are you hinting at? Of course, the contents are not mine either — they belong to a person who travelled with me the night before last." "Oh, indeed! Well, it's my duty to warn you that anything you say may be used in evidence against you," answered the other, in his most official manner. Seeing that the fellow was hopelessly obtuse, I resolved to hold my tongue until we got to the station. There I should soon be able to set matters right. Still, it was annoying that I should be found in possession of pro- perty that was not mine. I racked my brain, in trying to remember whether the clothes I had on or those in the bag had on them any name or mark, to identify their rightful owner. But the effort was made in vain. Indeed, I had not noticed whether the clothos were marked or not, for I had been too preoccupied, too fatigued to think of the matter. At the station, in presence of the inspector, I made my statement, ex- plaining how the Gladstone bag had come into my possession. I could see that not a word of it was believed. Then a minute description of George Curzon was read out, and I was horrified to find that it tallied exactly with my own personal appearance. Another pieceof incriminatory evidence was that the pilot-cloth coat I wore was marked on the lining below the collar with the initials "G. G." Worst, of all, the contents of the Gladstone bag were turned out before my eyes, and other articles of attire were discovered to be marked with the same letters; and, to my utmost astonishment and dismay, the bag itself was rippod open and found to have a false bottom. In the space thus formed was concealed a mass of jewels — brooches, necklaces and rings, sparkling with diamonds and other precious stones. At sight of this treasure the detectives who had ar- rested me and the inspector chuckled and looked at each other with an "I told you so" sort of expression. "Better confess at once," said the inspector, "that you are George Cur- zon, and that on the night of Febru- ary 14 you stole these jewels from a dressing-room in Highthorpe House, near Carlisle." I asseverated my innocence, declar- ing that until that moment I was utterly ignorant that the jewellery was in the bag — that I had not so much as heard of Highthorpe House before. "The fellow who went off with my Gladstone bag must have stolen these,"' I said, indignantly, "but I know nothing whatever of the matter. My name is Duncan Ferguson, and I never heard George Curzon's name until this morning." "So you say,'' remarked the in- spector, drily, "but it is awkward for you that your description fits his to a T, that you are wearing clothes be- longing to Curzon, and that you are in possession of stolen property. You will be detained in "custody until in- quiries can be made." And in this civilised country, which boasts of its enlightenment and justice, I, an innocent and peaceable citizen, was marched off and consigned to a fireless cell, there to meditate on the contrariety of things in general, and my own ill fortune in particular. In the solitude of my cell I reflected on the most advisable course of action I could adopt under the circumstances. I asked for and obtained writing materials, and wrote several letters — one to Alison at Inveraray, explain- ing the reason of my non-appearance. The second letter was to Mr. Car- michael — Alison's father, and an old friend of my father. To him I wrote a detailed account of my misadven- ture, and begged him to recommend me a respectable solicitor in Glasgow. A third letter was to a professional friend of mine in London, whom I entreated to come and identify me with as little delay as possible. That done, I felt easier in my mind, and when night came, in spite of the discomfort and novelty of my sur- roundings, I was able to snatch a few hours sleep. My appearance at the Central Police Court the following morning was the next incident in my tale of woe. There had been no answer to either of the letters I had sent to Inveraray, and to my disgust my story did not obtain the credence" from the magis- trate which I had counted on. I was remanded for a week, that further in- quiries might be made. Greatly dispirited, I returned to my cell. Late that evening. Mr. Car- michael and a friend of his, a Mr. Ewart, a writer practising in Glas- gow, appeared on the scene. To them I recounted my adventure. Mr. Car- michael seemed to be immensely tickled thereat; and laughed until the tears came into his eyes at the sight I presented dressed in the burglar's rough pilot-coat. If he had not been Alison's father I should have expressed the indignation I felt. As it was, I put a check on myself, and reminded him that my situation for the coming week would be, to say the least of it, un- pleasant. "Tut, tut, my lad ! Ewart, here, and I will see to that," he replied. "I'll satisfy the authorities that you are Duncan Ferguson, and you shall bring an action for damages for false imprisonment against the detectives, if you like. As for the jewels, mark my words if they don't win you a friend worth having." "What do you mean?' I asked, wonderingly. " Why, don't you know who lives at Highthorpe House?" "I haven't the least idea," I an- swered. "Why, old Mrs. Montgomery, my late wife's aunt, and Alison's godmother. She is wealthy and eccentric, and as fond of her jewellery as she is of her life. Depend upon it, she will indem- nify you for being arrested and locked up as a burglar, and for saving her jewels, which to her are precious in a very literal sense. I shall write to her to-night and tell her the whole story." "When I did obtain my liberty, and at last reached Inveraray, I was able to think philosophically of my unpleasant adventure. What became of my un- known double, George Curzon, I never heard; probably he made his way to America. Presumably he took my Gladstone bag with him. I own I should have liked to see his face when he opened.it. As for the jewels, I see them when- ever my wife goes to a big ball or other important social "function," For, six months later, Mrs. Montgomery died; and upon her will being opened it was found that she had bequeathed all her jewellery to Alison, and a legacy, of £5000 to me "as a mark of her sincere gratitude and sympathy." 