; An Australian Story; icopvkigut.J WHO IS HE? | OK The Mian Mahatma in Australia. ? i . .1 AN AUSTRALIAN STORY - of the 'Natural & Supernatural, BY ' KEJS1jStET1I IU.MI-LTON 2r.B.iF.n.G.S. ' CHAPTER IX. AT.Tf!E HAHTON'S 3IAERIAGE. ; So tlxe eve of my wedding-day arrived, and I sought my own dear haunt by the river .where so many maiden hours had been passed in childhood delight in the mere fact of liv- ing, sought this time with a sore and re bellious heart. I sat gazing at the swift flowing river thinking how clear and calm the depths looked, and how. sweet a rest I should find there were it not for the pain it would causo my dearest mother, also faintly the sense of wrong with which one regards the wrenching aside the awful veil of the futuro life. No, no, I thought, I am young and strong ; other women have borne, I will -bear ; other women have conquered, I will conquer. Ah, pcrcliauce tho Mighty Creator will use me as an instrument to soften his nature and to curb and save this evil man. Truly that will be something to live for — something to wait and hope for. Mother says happiness is not the cnd,of life, nor is it given to tho greatest,- the purest, or tho holiest ' jto'havc had a happy life. What am I that I ; should demand it ? I will be brave and take what has been forced on mo in tho best way I can, and God will help me. But, oh it is hard not to have a scrap of love even to begin 'with; and womanly tears began to flow when " Alice. Alice !" called out my future owner, and forthwith my sacred place was invaded to my consternation, i 'Ho had evidently been drinking, but not sufficiently to rub off all the veneer with which he had overlaid his real character dur ing the past three weeks. He approached , quietly and attempted to throw his arm about my waist, but I eluded the familiarity. , " Alice, dear," said he, " to-morrow will "see the consummation of our happiness. Do you anticipate it as I do, I wonder. Of course you know I am not a saint ; but, at any rate, there are sinners as bad as I am." I replied as kindly as I could that there were plenty of men who could hardly be re- garded as saints, though I had had very little experience of men either saints or sinners. This rather tickled his fancy, and ho told me with a laugh that his experience of the other sex was a little more extensive than mine was of his. " I have no doubt," ho continued, "that you and I shall jog along as comfortably .as other married folk. We shall both have to .give and take, but if you don't look too closely at 'my faults — I suppose I have them like other people — I'll promise not to hunt out yours. Taking everything into account it is t sensible way to commence married life. I don't think I have gained what people talk- so much about — your woman's heart — but, at all events, lam sure of your woman's fidelity. Is there no chance of gaining anything more than that, Alice dear?" he whispered, and again attempted to come closer to me. What was it that held mo back then? Perhaps it was wilfulness. Perhaps it was a pity that I was held back? Perhaps — but no. There was no response in my heart to his soft, whispered words, and I had not learned to be i. hypocrite. I was silent. Tho man then showed his real character. He got U) from where ho had thrown him self by my side, and, with a course laugh, said: " All right, my bomiie wife, that is to be ; my nmuigs will come some time or or other. Now, I will leave you to your reveries." Had I done right? that was the question. I had seriously debated whether at the last moment I should not defy consequences and 1 refuse to sacrifice myself. Now, I had : thrown down the glove perhaps prematurely. It was a difficult position for a young and inexperienced girl, and I thought myself un generous. Want of generosity, I think, is not a failing of mine, and the feeling that I had treated badly the man who had a right, perhaps, to expect some return to his ad vances, did much to" reconcile me to the ordeal of the morrow. I remained a long time alone with my own thoughts after he had gone. The troubles of my past life — short as it was — crowded 011 my memory, but the future had little of pro mise- Was it always to be like this ? Was life nothing but a wearisome change from bad to worse? Where were the recom penses ? It was a wearied woman, 110 longer a light- hearted girl, who retraced weary steps to the house that night, having buried all the girlish, hopes and longings in a grave by the river — the river, my childish play-mate, my girl hoods' friend — the laughing, smiling river. Many a sad day e'er I saw my river again, and how changed then was I from the girl who said a sad farewell 011 her wedding eve ! Yet all through the river flowed 011 and 011 un- : Not to linger over this wrenching asiuider of home ties, the fateful day saw me the wife of George Barton, but pale, lieart-stricken, still brave for my own mother's sake. She, dear soul, in silver grey and dainty laee. looking fragile and sad, and my grim father With his blustering ways and loud voice — " Now then, Agnes, 110 whimpering. Mrs. Barton wants something to eat, so lead the way. with the parson and the jolly young people can follow whilst I bring up the rear, eh, parson ? I know you're hungry — look it, poor devil. Eh — what ! don't know the 'devil ' "Well, my dear sir, I do ; met him in India where I10 took the name of Nana Sahib and disappeared in brimstone and blue blazes. By Jove, it's a fact, sir. Saw him hini myaelf — in fact was drinking brandy pawnee." So he rattled on in his usual overbearing style in great good liumor at having gained 'his point, for we were to live for a time at least on an estate he had reecntiy purchased inAkaroa- We went over to Melbourne for a month, and returned to take my mother with us for a visit to New Zealand. ; Tim six months that followed were indeed deli "fitful, as my darling mother remained the "whole of that time quietly with me in lovely Akaroa before my father saw fit to re call her home in such a peremptory style that there was no eluding the command. \ Dong before this George had thrown aside 'the slight reserve that he assumed dining the 'first months of our married life and showed (more of that reckless disregard of all and everyone save himself that afterwards ruined "l not only our married life hut also every chance of his own life; and the parting with my mother was in conseqnenao full of bitterness <0 her, for the absolute knowledge that she left the one dearest on earth to her in the ,care of a man who - regarded all women as merely tho slavish' creatures created for the jimifcemer.t and u£e The day before mother received tho lette from father, as we returned from a sail in the harbor, (George had purchased a yacht the first thing after we came to our own home) and were walking quickly over the lawn in front of the drawing-room windows, a dark, swarthy man peered out of the lilac bushes ou my right hand, aud, walking or rather gliding swiftly up to my mother, said : " liiur husband, madam, requires you." " llowr" said she iu astonishment. "I know," he replied, with a singu lar smile. " I know, as I know many things — and more — I know that he will shortly meet his fate. Should I tell you ? A dreadful fate it viil be, hut he brought it on himself. It is Karma, and that no one can avoid. Just as the tiny stono thrown into, the immensity of the ocean sends a thrill throughout all its measureless volume, act ing on every land, and perhaps re-acting throughout the wliolo universe ; so our overy action, however trivial we may suppose it .to ho, has its defined consequences and results. His acts, you know, have not been those the1 consequences of which ho could anticipate witlinnfc aimrelieiision." " "What do you mean?" said poor mother, with mingled fear and perplexity. But he was silent — only the same smile re mained on his calm, unmoved face. "Man, man! Who are you!" I cried, "daring to terrify one so frail as my mother. You cannot know. We do not live in the days of prophesy and witchcraft !" "Nay, fair lily, not so fast; you havo yourself the gift of prophesy, tho gift of clairvoyance and the gifts that belong to witches I shall bestow 011 you if you will. I have the power, and more than that look steadfastly at me till I leave you." So saying he waved his hands twice over my head and I became rigid and intent, when, marvellous to state, I saw only a cloud of white vapor, which seemed slowly to glidqj before this dread man, with his piercing eyes,, and when in a few seconds it had cleared: away, he, too, had disappeared although all around us was bright sunlight and the smooth expanse of tho lawn which 110 one could cross without being seen by both of 11s. So we stared into each other's faces, half dead with fear ; the air was suddenly filled with the sound of laughter, and a voice from beside us exclaimed — " Daugliterof earth, the Indianholds many secret, in liis breast, tlio result of many lives ; and the astral body is not as tho earthly body. Seek for yourself tho knowledge of which I speak." Painter and fainter the concluding sen tences, and in a few minutes all was still. Too terrified to speak, we grasped hands and fled through the drawing-room window. " Hallo !" said George from where he was lying stretched full length on tho sofa. "Hallo, what the douce is up now? You women look as if you'd seen Lady Macbeth's own special ghost." " Oh, George, such a dreadful man in tho garden — an Indian — and I believe he's the same who came to our house in Tasmania the year poor Will ran off to Melbourne ;" and thereupon began a duet between my mother and me as we tried to relate the wonderful tiling to George. He sat up and said : " Phew ! By Jingo, tho same old card who told me I should soon he his, though how I cannot say. Certainly he's a rum specimen — ugh ! (looking round) I feel as if the beggar was here now." A soft sigh from the corner by the piano made us all three turn towards that part of room, when a sardonic laugh and — " Good-night, my friends, remember the magic of India is not dead or impotent so long as her sons live 011 the face of the earth. Kest. I go now. When next I come you will know more. Good-night. ' ' For once George threw his arm around me in a kindly way. " Awful, old girl, isn'tit? If that fellow's not the devil himself ho is his chief officer. No wonder you both look scared. By Jove, I'll have to take a glass of brandy myself he- fore I get the sound, of it out of my ears." After this mother was in a continual fright and wony, so obeyed my father's summons home all the more readily, for slic was a woman whose watch- word was " dufy," and well did she carry it out to the end. Two years passed over in utter misery and constant humiliation for me. Drinking, swearing, gambling, racing — fast in every way, George led the life he loved best, and soon got through what money he had from his father. Often after a few weeks spent in Auckland or Dunedin he would come home bringing a troop of men and fast women and order 111c to he civil and entertain them well. Lotliing my work I was forced to he coldly polite to people whom I despised and detested, brought, as tliey were, by my own husband to my own home. Reasoning and expostulation lie never listened to. "Madam, am I master here or not? I do as I like, and the sooner you know it the better — 110 matter what you think. Who cares ? Get out if it doesn't please you !" Awful as this all is, many a time had I to sully my cars listening to what was a thou sand degrees worse, or to put up with his equally degrading caresses when he was pleased to he in what he called " the deuce j of a good temper;" hut I could generally, I! foiuid by this time, get rid of him by writing a cheque and persuading liim (not much per- 1 suasion needed) to go and enjoy the races og any other festivity of wlycli I chanced to hear, and tligji a few days or perhaps weeks helped 111c to hear a life almost unbearable and growing daily worse. This spring a hope came to me that before long a sweet wee form would lie in my arms ; little arms would twine round my neck and soft wee lips bo pressed to mine. Oh, holiest joy of motherhood ! how wonderful thou art ! Vluit o.'in (tnimmrp with thro ! TIiiiq +T10 Catholic church makes the mother-heart of Alary the fount of all love and pity, for she knew the joys and trials of a woman. Yet even this did not soften George, and his treatment of me became more and more brutal. Well do I remember his cruel bauds wrenching my hair, his blows, curses andeven kicks. Some sixweeks before the birth of my child I was very ill and had to call in the doctor, whose kind care got me round and whose sympathetic voice aud kindly ad vice were to me at that time and indeed ever since the oreatest comfort I knew — the only friend whom I dared trust with all the humiliating bitterness of my life. At last my baby came — a crown of joy and delight. How I loved my sweet one. How I crushed liis wee form against my heart in a passion of thanksgiving to God for so won derful a gift. I knew my little one's thought — liis wants — even before he was conscious of them himself, and for him I made a stand, that all his property should not be spent in riotous living. Let mo pass by that scene. My hoy was but a few months old when his father in sulted mc and him with tho last outrage, which a woman has to endure on earth ; but there his power exceeded its limit. I simply walked to my room, and, takingmycMld in my arms, hade the nurse follow me to tho prin cipal hotel in Akaroa since the polluted house was no longer fit for my babe and me. A fortnight later George succeeded in forc ing an interview on me, when he demanded a large sum of money at once, threatening to kill mc if I did not consent to give him what would ruin my child. Fortunately, Dr. Clarke was within hearing, having called to ascertain if fie could servo me in any matter. He came when I called, and George imme diately and blankly consented to leave for Melbourne at once'on the receipt of a cheque for LI, 000, which! gave him. (food-hye, George," I sajd, holding out my hand. "Things might have boon dif-! ferent if you had so willed. I have been a good and faithful wife, and I do not forgot you are the father of my boy. God grant you may grow tired of evil aud come home to us atlast. Good- bye." He turned and scowled, but never a word. Hence forward my life ran smoothly. I had a few friends — my hooks, my piano, my paint-box, and last and chiefcst joy of all I had my blessed boy. His sweet voice cbccrcd me ; for him I grew merry again ; for him I sang and danced over the house and up and down the garden paths. I was his com panion and pin ymate ; his friend and adviser, later on, and he — Ah I10 was my inmost joy ! Infinitely more precious than my own life was this one which drew all its life from mc, which was so fascinating in its clinging, helpless dependence on 111c — nay, I could not have lived had it not been for the infinite delight and care my boy was to mo. 80 God gives us women mother-hearts, and in tho experience thus gained teaches us His great truths and lessons and draws us ever up ward and onward towards that spiritual life which sn , w'.-i rl v Kiirrniiiids lis. T trior! in learn all I could of that life so that I might bo the more fitted to lead and teach my son in all goodness, purity ami holiness, and so the time passed 011 . My mother was now living with 111c. Dear soul, she had gone through much. A few months after my Geoffry was born my father disappeared in a most uncanny way. I had been 011 a visit to Tasmania and was there at the time. An Indian hawker came one day and my father lifted his whip to strike him for daring to pester the house with his wares, when tho Indian lifted liis hand and uttered) a sentence in a foreign language. My father looked soared and turned away with a curse/ and for several days afterwards walked about?? looking half dazed, spoke gently even lovin to my mother, and 0110 day, after kissing her, gently on tho check, saying : L "Lie down and rest, Agnes wific, while I' go out with the dogs for a bit." He went out, and though search was made far and near 110 one hqs ever heard of or seen him since. After waiting for nearly a year, hoping against hope, mother came over to mc and my boy, and of all the households in Akaroa ours was, I am sure, the most liappy and restful, savo when the memory of the In dian's awful and mysterious words or the faint echo of tlio ill-doings of the scape-grace husband arc wafted to us ; 110 cloud dimmed our sky ; all was peaceful and calm, and I wondered and wondered how any woman could every deem tho love of a man of any consequeuce, especially when she has so sweet a gift as a little Heaven-sent soul with its snowy purity to love aud to train. So ends the first part of my story, com- mon- placc enough. Hundreds of girls marry without loving men whom they loathe in the intimacy of daily life ; hundreds of wives are ill treated ; hundreds deserted ; hundreds have baby hoys or girls to love, and the common, every-day lot of womankind comes to them and is a crown of iov or a crown of thorns. and 110 one cares, for women hear and suffer in silence — their time is not yet. I have said little about anything hut tho circumstances more intimately connected with my own life. I havo said nothing, of the death of tho old man, Barton, who, long before his death, recognised how base and cruel his sou was and what a wretched sacri fice had been made of me. Tho old man died in my arms, blessing me as his only comfort for years, and liis last words were a whispered prayer for forgiveness. IIo had that for giveness, and he knew that it was from my heart. I have said little of my poor brother who ran the race of wickedness and brought sor row and disgrace on us all. Sorrow and dis grace are not subjects we love to dwell on, and if they havo to he painted it is not by tho hand of one that has to hear the load. My share of sorrow was great, hut the disgraco was not mine, though I shared in it. What a different world would it be if we were made responsible for tho deeds of our own hand alone ! CHAPTER X. CONTINUES IIER NARRATIVE. The years glided quietly by ; little or no thing occurred to disturb the even tenor of our way. Then my sweet mother went to her rest and licr home, but she promised me she would always guard and watch over her child, which I know she docs. Life became quieter, and would havo been for mc infinitely lonely and sad had it not been for my bright boy, Geoffry, now twelve years old ; so thoughtful and companionable ; so strong and so merry, and not the smallest of his virtues in his mother's eyes — tlio fact of his entire devotion to that mother. Boat ing, cricketing — whatever tlio amusement or study it was with his mother as his com panion. Often I wondered at my sense of freedom, and I thought that tho long-ago comrade of my own childish days was again with me. My poor brother Will — no doubt dead long since in Victoria. I never could trace him, and of late I did not stir in the matter — selfishly, perhaps, fearing to hear of George, my husband. Dr. Clarke, my very good, friend and adviser, made inquiries quieily foq me once or tvpicc, but no thing caine of it.' " Let sleeping dogs lie," is a favorite pfirasji "of the go oil doctor's, and maybe the inquiries were somewhat slack. I had crossed the ominous thirty boundary when the whole of my life underwent a most thrilling change. It occurred in this wise : We had returned from a visit to Christchurch and had brought a young friend of Geoffry's to snenrl n fnw wppVr wifli us finnfFrtr nnmn to me one day with a request that I should, go up tlio mountains on a camping excursion, while he and his friend hunted all the wild things they could see. I could not arrange it, not feeling well, and for some time refused him, but he coaxed and petted me till at.last I gave way against my own judgment.as Dr. Clark, his general companion, was unable to go with him on account of the expected ar rival of a friend from the old country. " Good-bye, mother sweetest. I won't camp this time. We will wait till you como heme — nothing perfect without you. I shall be home at eight to tea." " Good-bye, my son of sons. Lettice will make your favorite cakes," I gaily answered my bright-faced lad. Alas ! gazing casually out of tho window, up the mountain path about five o'clock I was' startled at seeing a queer little procession slowly making its.way down : first my bojfs friend, Harry Halcomb, then two men carry .-1 ing someone, followed by mylriioyjsgreat dog, Bruno, with droopipg head and\tail'.;Lk " Heavens, my hoy'iSjdead !'" I'screamed and flew up the path to meet them. Harry ran on. » "Dear Mrs. Barton, Geoff, is hurt, but not dead," he called out. " Thank God !" I cried, my hands holding my heart tight. " Mother darling, don't cry. I'll soon ho all right," whispered Geoff, as I took his hand and bent over him. " Hush, my child ; do not speak. Mother will take care of you." Twice ho fainted with agony before we got liim undressed and laid- in my - largest room, for his leg was badly broken, in two places and tho pain waj intense.1 Servants had gone flying, for Dr. Clarke, and in a short time I heard some one come into the room whfere I was kneelipg holding my darling's hands. W,. H.'"6 ? (TO BBjCjJHTBJgro.)-' 