A GAME OF HEARTS. CHAPTER V.— (Continued.) Miss Lesley did not appear again that afternoon. Mrs. Powlett came and sat with him for an hour, and when she went away to her school in the village Caleb had the London papers and the last books from Mudie's to amuse him. Over these he fell into a pleasant doze that lasted all the after- noon. He slept through the soft clatter of Lesley's 5 o'clock tea ; he slept undisturbed by the dressing bell. Lesley came running into the room on her way upstairs to dress, but see- ing the young man still fast asleep on the couch, checked herself suddenly, and advanced on tip-toe to get the book she wanted. And then she could not help taking another look at the uncon- scious face on the pillow. Broad brow, calm eyelids, sweet-tempered mouth, half-hidden by the chestnut beard— there they lay under the inquisitive girlish glance. She noticed that the hands clasped above his head were strong and large and white, his grey garment well made, his boots unexcep- tionable. "He looks like a gentleman," Lesley decided, breathing very softly, for fear of waking him. "I thought Man- chester people were all vulgar and dropped their h's. They always do in novels. They are always very rich, and they marry some girl in society who is breaking her heart for a cousin in the Guards, and who becomes reck- less, and wears impossible toilettes, and ruins the Manchester husband by her extravagance. Mr. Halliday's manner is perfectly good, too—papa says so—but different from Archie's and the men he knows—simpler—there is less affecta- tion of indifference. His face kindled to-day when he spoke to Dolly about Doctor Swayne ; he was not ashamed to show his regard for him. He looks kind and strong, and as if he could do anything with his hands. I wonder whether he has ever had to work ? I suppose he has no mother or sister to take care of him, poor fellow, or they would have kept him at home until he had quite got over his illness. Well, if he sleeps like this every day, he won't be much in the way. Still I hope he will be gone before Archie comes. They would not get on well together at all. Archie is so fastidious." A smile trembled on Lesley's lips, which gave way to a little sigh as she went away on tip-toe, holding her novel against her breast. When Caleb, with a tremendous yawn, opened his eyes a few minutes later, he say only the vacant room and the summer twilight gathering dimly about his drowsy eyes. "I'm deuced hungry !" was his first relection, and looking at his watch, he started to his feet. "I must make haste and wash my hands and get into the drawing room, or miss Bell may take a fancy to bring me my dinner on a tray." The ungrateful young man made good his escape, and was ready with an apology for his morning-coat by the time Mrs. Powlett and Lesley came downstairs. "I hope that you had good sport, Miss Bell," he said, stooping to arrange the footstool for her little feet, "and that the flies did proper excution." Sir John and Lesley brout out into an animated account of their exploits on the river, and especially of a pro- longed struggle with an obstinate four- pounder, which was at length hooked by the big pollard willow near the bridge—which history carried them along easily up to the announcement of dinner. Lesley was far too busy during that important meal to be able to talk much, and Caleb was beginning to think her a less objectionable girl than he had supposed, when, just as she was leaving the room with her faithful Dolly, the young lady spoiled all, and sank several degrees in the Manchester man's estimation. "Would you like me to sing for you this evening ?" was the unlucky speech she made a Caleb held the door open. "I will, if you are good." And so she vanished, flushed and smiling, in a cloud of white muslin. "If I am good !" the young man groaned, fuming inwardly as he re- turned to the table. "I believe that girl would patronise the Prince of Wales. What could Alcik Swayne have seen in her to——" And then he forgot all about Lesley in the en- joyment of Sir John's good wine and jovial talk about the covers and kennels, and the porspects of the shooting season, and was quite sorry when it was time to join the ladies. The lamp had not yet been lighted in the drawing-room ; the long windows were wide open to the moonlit gar- dens, where the tall elms stood in masses of gilttering silver, casting their dense shadows on the lawn ; a light breeze swayed the curtains to and fro ; a nightingale was singing. The tea-things stood neglected on a little table, and Mrs. Powlett was knitting rapidly in the dusk. Lesley was not in the room. Sir John expressed surprise at her absence; and, as Mrs. Powlett rose to go in search of her, Caleb could do no less than offer his services—at which Mrs. Powlett smiled. "Thank you, Mr. Halliday," she said. "You will find her at the boat house, I dare say—or perhaps in her own garden near the sundial. Turn to the right, and you ill see the marble steps that lead to it." Mrs. Powlett, who considered moon- lit gardens apt to give neuralgia to people of a certain age, sat down to pour out tea for Sir John, and Caleb, stepping from the dusky drawing-room into thewhite glory of the July night, went in search of Miss Bell. Everything was so still that he could hear the river rippling over its stones, as it ran, like a silver chain, across the green dark landscape. A bat flitted by close to his face ; the trees were whisper- ing together overhead. With a long look Caleb took in the beauty of the scene, and then turned slowly on his heel, whistling softly as he went—past the great cedar that was spreading its back arms above the striped Afghans and gay-colored pillows on which Lwaley had been reading that morning, through a long clipped alley stretching away into silent depths of fragrant gloom, and so to the head of the flight of marble stes that led to Miss Bell's flower garden. This was a quaint old pleasuance, where primly dressed beauties had tended their roses and watched the slow passage of the hours in days gone by, and where everything had been per- mitted to retain its old world air, from the grotesque lion's head, through the mouth of which a tiny stream trickled on to an iron grating below, to the moss-grown dial, and sweet smelling posies, each in its season, that smothered the grassy beds with their unpruned luxuriance and bloom. Caleb paused, leaning his elbow on the marble balustrade, and looked sown into the sheltered nook. The moon was shining full on the grass-plot in the middle, and a little slender figure—like the ghost of one of the dead-and-gone beauties in powder and patches—was dancing to its own shadow on the silvery sward, twirling, singing, coquetting, and making the most stately "cheeses" that a white muslin dress could produce. Lesley Bell looked such a child, she seemed so happy, and so unconscious of herself, that Caleb wa loath to break up the picture. "I'll wait until she's out of breath," he decided, magnanimously ; and, pro- ducing a huge cigar, he struch a light and prepared for a quiet smoke. Taht broke the spell. The singing suddenly ceased ; the young lady stopped her dancing, and turned her head in his direction, peer- ing up at him form amongst the dusky bushes. "Is that you, papa?" she cried, gaily. "Come down and finish your cigar in my garden. How nice it smells—almost as nice as my gilli- flowers !" "It is too late for people to be out in the night-air, responded the young man, gravely. "If I am papa I desire you to return to the drawing- room." Lesley began to laugh, and came running up the steps to his side. Her lovely goldend locks were loosened. "Am I to go in ?" she asked, smel- ling the bunch of red carnation she held in her hand. "No ; don't stop smoking. Did you ever see such a heavenly night ? How I should like to pull down the river to Chatton." "It would be very imprudent," said Caleb, lifting himself up, a tall bearded figure, beside the girl's slim white shape. "But so jolly," she pleaded, with her pretty half-boyish air ; and she held up her flowers for him to smell, as if she wanted to bribe him Caleb bent his handsome head over the nose- gay in a resigned manner. " Shall we go in ?" he said, turning round, " Sir John sent me to look for you, Miss Bell." Lesley opened her blue eyes. What man but this would have proposed leaving the glorious midsummer moon- light, the cool, fragrant gardens, when she was at his side, for the drawing- room and Dolly's lukewarm tea ? If she had condescended to say to Mr. Croker, which she had never done, however—"I want to pull down tho river," would not the elderly and amiable man have braved lumbago and rheumatism, and followed her to the Land's End ? When did Charley West or Reginald Spencer refuse to accede to her slightest request, to humor her wildest whim, during that long vacation when they both fell in love with her. If Archie were here would not he have smoothed away all difficulties, gained papa's consent, collected an armful of shawls, and helped her into the boat in a twinkling ? "I think Mr. Halliday must be shy," Miss Bell decided, as she walked homeward silently at Caleb's side— "he does not feel at ease with us yet and so she put her crossness away, and turned a bright face to him in the tender light, and talked her pretty girl's talk with the laudable intention of reassuring the timid young giant. But what subject would be likely to interest a Manchester man ? That was the question. Hardly books or music or pictures, about which Archie always, talked so nicely, and which Losley herself liked almost as much as she liked dancing and fishing and rid- ing. What should she talk about ? Caleb on his part smoked his cigar tranquilly, and did not appear dis- tressed by the silence, which had lasted quite half a minute. "I wish I could smoke,'' Miss Bell sighed inwardly. "It makes a man look so wise when he happens to have nothing to say." "If Archie were here, Mr. Halli- day," she began, "you would not be so dull. We expect him very soon—any day, in fact." "Archie?" — "Yes—my cousin. He lives in London; isn't he lucky ?'' "Very—he is you cousin," Caleb would have said to this pretty girl, if he had not been unwilling to gratify her shallow nature with even so small a compliment. "Because he live in London ?" was his actual reply, as he knocked the ash off his cigar and looked straight before him. "Of course. Is there any place in the world like London ? I dream of it often and often—of the shops, and the parks, and the opera, and—oh, the balls ! How I wish it was next year !" "Is not this year pleasant enough, Miss Bell ?" Caleb asked, smiling good- naturedly at her little raptures. Hey- cot seemed to him a decidedly agree- able place just then. His cigar was good, the air delicious, and Lesley looked really charming in her white dress. "This year ?" she echoed. "This year is a prosy, happy old year enough ; but next year I am to come out. I am to be presented, and to stop in town for the whole season. Aunt Adelaide says so " "And what does cousin Archie say ?" Caleb inquired, dreamily, as she paused for breath. He was watching the dis- tant shimmer of the white rays on the river, and it seemed an effort, to talk, to break the radiant stillness of the hour with commonplace remarks. "Archie says he likes me best in the country," Lesley sighed. "You see he is so poor, deaf old boy, and he thinks I shall marry some 'swell,' as he says, and forget him." Caleb laughed at this naive admis- sion. "An opinion which you share, of course, Miss Bell ?'' "Yes, I suppose so ; at least, I don't mean to forget Archie, certainly, only I should not like to be an old maid." "Death would be preferable, I should say," said Caleb coldly, and he threw away his cigar. They were nearing the drawing- room window now ; large square patches of yellow light lay on the moonlit lawn. "What a self-absorbed little animal it is !" the young man though, smothering a yawn. "She dreams of London balls, and contemplates making a swell marriage before she is well out of pinafores. I wonder if she gives a single thought to the poor fellow who is breaking his heart for her over yonder in the village, who is giving up home and country and all his little world, for her sake." He sighed heavily at the thought of the fate of his absent friend, and Lesley heard it. "I am keeping you out too long," she cried, with a sudden recollection of his invalid condition. "Do forgive me for being so thoughtless. Let us go in at once." "Or shall we pull down the river to Chatton ?" he asked, laughing. "No, no !" She laid her pretty sunburnt hand on the young man's sleeve and looked at him with a quaint maternal air of anxiety. "You are looking pale again—as pale as you did last night in the boathouse. Come in and let Dolly give you some tea." So they went in through the opeb window together, Caleb laughing at her little air of solicitude, and Lesley insisting on taking care of him. CHAPTER. VI. Lesley Bell and Caleb Halliday went in through the window form the cool, fragrant gardens. As soon as she entered Miss Bell stuch her bunch of carnations into a gread ble-and- white china jar that was nearly as tall as herself, and, pulling a easy chair over towards Mr. Halliday, who had lanted his back against the mantel- piece and was talking to Mrs. Powlett as usual, proceed to insist upon his sitting down, to ring for hot tea, and otherwise to look after the well-being of her guest. There !" she said, pouring the rich country cream into his cup, and bring- ing it across the room with her woen hands. "While you drink it, I will go and play for you all. Listen to my dear old governor snoring ! We shall have to make a duet of it, sha'nt we ?" Caleb drank his tea. "In what way have I incurred your displeasure since dinner, Miss Bell?" he asked, as he took his cup to be re- filled. "Why, isn't it sweet enough ?" The little tea-maker paused with the silver tongs between her fingers, and looked up seriously. "Thanks—the tea is good. But I thought I might fairly be considered so too. And I have some recollection of your promising me a reward for good conduct." "Did I? What was it ?" "Didn't you promise to sing me a song ?" "Oh, is that all ?" Lesley , looked relieved. "Of course I will—I am so glad you like music—I will sing you as many as ever you like. Invalids must be humored, you know." "Must they ? I will profit by the hint, and not be in too great a hurry to get well," "What sort of song do you like ? Of course, anything does to go to sleep to, and I have a whole volume of soothing ditties, selected with a special view to papa's after dinner require- ments. Shall I begin with some of those?" Lesley fluttered the leaves of the book as she stood at the piano, and repeated the question with a charm- ing movement of her head and eye- brows, "I am not afraid of the test," answered Caleb, with calm disregard of the girl's provoking piquancy ; and he sauntered over to Mrs. Powlett's table and sat down by that lady's side. "Dolly,'' cried Lesley, as she ar- ranged her white skirts to her satis- faction on the stool, "play Mr. Halli- day between whiles with the photo- grap-books. He will never be able to resist such a combination." With that she began some simple German songs, which were sung with a school girl accent perhaps, and a school-girl's unfinished method, but in a voice so sweet and true and round that it was a pleasure to listen to the little performance. And so Caleb found it, in spite of his prejudice against the singer. Perhaps the mid- summer airs that blew in from the gardens, and the distant murmur of the river, and the subdued lamp-light in the room, all helped the magic influence of the musice but as he leant back and listened with his eyes fixed on the slim shape of the girl in her white dress, tears rose suddenly and blotted it from his sight. "What a fool an illness makes of a man !" he thought, rousing himself with an effort, while Lesley sang on, song after song, like one of the birds in the dusky elms outside, waiting for no compliments and needing no one to turn the leaves. Caleb began to find her society endurable again. "At the piano she forgets herself and her ridiculous little airs of con- quest," he decided, ungratefully. "Pity she could not become a fixture there ! That little pensive air is im- mensely becoming when a woman has such long lashes." "Dolly, the photographs !" cried Lesley, finishing with a little crash. "I have detected Mr. Halliday in more than one surreptitious yawn." Dolly declared her belief in Mr. Halliday's innocence, but Lesley was inflexible. "I will play showman," she said severely; "and then I shall be sure that he does not shirk a single page." And so the long-lashed Madonna of the piano resumed her old shape, and, the spell of the music being broken, Caleb's opinion of his young hostess fell again, and this time below zero. "Ahem! Our amiable little curate, Mr. Paget," began Lesley, clearing her throat after the manner of public lec- tures, and drinking an imaginary glass of water as she stood with one hand on the table bowing to her audience. "This indefatigable young divine is chiefly remarkable for the length of his coat and the brevity of his ser- mons. He does not wear goloshes or play the flute. but I fear—I fear, ladies and gentlemen, he has a secret weakness for tea and muffins, and looks upon the game of croquet as the highest product of our modern civili- sation." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 