KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER II.—(Continued.) Mr. Delamer, just a thought startled, spoke again. ''You know, O'Donnell, don't you ? In Ireland, was it ? I think he said so last night.'' '' Yes—I know—I mean I knew Captain O'Donnell slightly once. It is over six years ago, though —I should hare thought he would have quite for- gotten the circumstance by this time.'' ''Men who have been so fortunate as to know La Reine Blanche don't forgot her so easily. Since you honour him by your remembrance, it is hardly strange if he recollects you.'' ''If I remember him—Mr. Delamer, Redmond O'Donnell saved my life.'' ''Saved your life ! By Jove ! the lucky fellow. But those dashing, long-sword, saddle- bridle Irish men are always lucky. And the fellow said his acquaintance was but trifling.'' Lady Cecil laughed—not quite so musically as usual. '' Trifling ? Perhaps Captain O'Donnell rated his service at the valuation of the thing saved ! And he is in England. How curious. I fancied him— soldier of fortune— free lance that he is ! for life out there in Algiers.'' ''He goes back shortly. He is a- born fighter, and comes of a soldierly race. The O'Donnells have been soldiers of fortune for the last three hundred years, and have asked no fairer fate. He leaves England soon, places his sister with some friends in France, and goes back.'' ''His sister! — the Rose, of whom he used to speak — of whom he was so fond ?'' ''Yes ; I heard him call her Rose.'' '' You heard him ! She is here then ! And what is she like ? Redmond O'Donnell's sister'' — with a little laugh — ''ought to be pretty.'' '' Well, she is not — at least not now. She appears to be under a cloud — sickness, trouble, something — didn't talk much,— looks sad and sombre, and is a brunette, with blue eyes. She is just from New Orleans — her brother went for her. I called there immediately before I came here, and O'Donnell dines with me this evening. What a prince of good fellows he was out yonder in Algiers, and the devil's own to fight. He won his way straight up from the ranks with his sword. And he saved your life ! How was it, Lady Cecil ?'' ''Much too long a story for a morning party, with the thermometer at 90 degrees. There is Madame de Villafleur beckoning, is she not ?'' ''She is. Permit me, Lady Cecil.'' And taking Mr. Delamer's proffered arm, Lady Cecil sauntered over to Madame la Countesse de Villafieur. The rose light of the summer sunset was just merging into starry dusk, as the baronet's wife and earl's daughter drove back to Lowndes Square. Lady Dangerfield was in excellent spirits— evidently Major Frankland had been entertaining — and talked incessantly the way home ; but Lady Cecil lay back among the barouche cushions, paler, graver, more silent than was her wont. She had been very much admired, as usual ; she had held her court of adorers, also, as usual ; but now that it was over, she looked wan, spiritless, and bored. ''And he is in England — in London!'' she was thinking. ''He was at the opera last night, and saw me ! And it was not worth while renewing so slight an acquaintance ! To think — to think'' — she set her pearly teeth hard — ''to think that after all those years I should not yet have outlived that sentimental folly of so long ago !'' ''How stupid you are, Queenie !'' her cousin said, pettishly, as they neared home. ''I believe you have not spoken two words since we left Kew ; and now that I have asked you twice if you saw Chan- dos Howard playing lawn billiards with Lady Charlotte Lansing, you only answer ' Yes, dear — very pretty, indeed !' It is to be hoped you will recover the use of your tongue and your senses before you appear at Carlton Terrace to-night.'' With which reproach Lady Dangerfield got out and went up the steps of her own aristocratic mansion. Soames, the footman, flung open the drawing room door, but Lady Cecil did not enter. She toiled wearily up to her own apartment, threw off her bonnet and scarf, as if even their weight oppressed her, and crossing to the gold-and- ebony writing-desk, unlocked it, and took out her treasured relics once more. ''I do not need you to remind me of my folly any longer,'' she said, looking at them. ''I will do now what I should have done this morning.'' The faintly- sighiug evening wind fluttered the lace curtains of the open window. She walked to it, gazed for a moment at the pictured face, set her lips, and deliberately tore up into minutest frag- ments the note and the picture. The summer breeze whirled them off in an instant, the spray of clematis and the dark curl of hair followed, and then Lady Cecil rang for her maid, and dressed for the evening. ''They say — those wiseacres who make books — that every life has its romance. I suppose they are right, and so forever has ended mine. Not the white satin tonight, Desiree — the blue silk and turquoise ornaments, I think.'' At half-past eleven that night— and when had the phenomenon occurred before ? — the Earl of Ruysiand returned to his niece's house. He had written and dispatched his letter, and though Lady Cecil had sent no message to Sir Arthur Tregenna, the letter contained a most encouraging and flattering one. He had dined at his club, he had indulged in chicken hazard for an hour, and at half-past eleven stood in the moonlight at Lady Dangerfield's door. He had been up, as you know, until half-past five the preceding day, and on the wintry side of fifty late hours and dissipation tell. ''I think I will give up London life,'' he said to himself,' 'and devote myself to growing old grace- fully. Let me accomplish this marriage, pay my debts, and with replenished coffers, and a re- juvenated reputation, betake myself to pleasant Continental Spas and Badens, and live happy for ever after. Ah, Soames ! my lady and Lady Cecil departed yet for the ball?'' '' Not yet, me lord — dressing, me lord — carriage has just been ordered round, me lord.'' Lord Ruysland ascended to the silent magnifi- cence of the long drawing rooms. There were three, opening one into the other, in a brilliant vista of velvet carpet, lace draperies, ormolu, and satin upholstery. They were deserted now, and the gas unlit. The range of windows, seven in number, stood wide open, and the silvery light of the resplendent June moon poured in. ''Silence and solitude,'' muttered the earl ; '' why the deuce are they all in the dark ? Aw ! very pretty, indeed : brilliant moon, and a cloudless sky— one might fancy it Venice instead of smoky, foggy, dingy London.'' He paused. The rooms were not deserted, it would seem after all. Out of the lace and amber curtains of the seventh and farthest window, a figure emerged and approached him. The earl's eyes turned from that crystal moon, and fixed themselves expectantly on the advancing figure — the figure of a woman. Who was it ? Not a ser- vant, surely, with that slow and stately tread, that assured air. Not little Lady Dangerfield— this figure was tall ; not Lady Cecil, either — even she must have stood a full head shorter than this woman. Who was it ? Tha long drawing-room lay in alternative strips of darkness and light. The shadows hid her for a moment, she emerged into the moon-rays again, and again disappeared. Who was she — this tall, magnificently proportioned woman, in dark, sweep ing drapery, with that majestic stateliness of mien and walk ? She had not seen him. For the fourth time she came into the light, then the darkness took her — a fifth time she appeared, a sixth, and then she beheld the earl standing curious, expectant, watching. She stopped short ; the moonlight fell full upon her face, pale and calm. And the Earl of Ruysland, who for the last thirty years had outlived every phase of human emotiou, uttered a low, wordless cry and fell slowly back. The sound of that startled cry, low as it was, reached her ear. The woman in the moonlight came a step nearer and apoke : ''I beg your pardon. I should not have intruded, but I thought these rooms were quite deserted.'' What a sweet voice it was ! Its tones lingered pleasantly on the ear, like the low notes of a flute. Her words broke the spell that held the earl. His eyes had been fixed with a sort of fascination on her face — a look of startled wonder on his own. And Raoul, Earl of Ruysland, was not easily startled. He drew a long breath and stood aside to let her pass. ''It is I who should apologise,'' he said, with the courtly deference to all women that long habit had made second nature, ''for startling you in so absurd a manner. I laboured under the same delusion as yourself. I fancied these rooms forsaken. Soames! lights immediately !' The tall footmen set the chandeliers ablaze, and closed the curtains. But the dark-draped lady had vanished. ''Who was that ?'' the earl asked, carelessly ; '' a visitor?'' ''The governess, me lord. Me lady's new nuss'ry gov'ness. Came two hours ago, me lord, which her name it's Miss 'Erncastle.'' '' Is the carriage waiting, Soames ?' ' inquired my lady, sailing in amid a sea of green silk and tulle illusion, illuminated with emeralds. ''You, Uncle Raoul; and at half-past eleven ! What miracle will happen next ? You don't mean to say you are coming with Cecil and me to the Duchess of Strathearn's soiree musicale ?'' ''I don't, indeed. Nothing is farther from my thoughts than soirees musicale. Ginevra, who is that new governess of yours ? She is your governess Soames tells me.'' ''What ! Miss Herncastle ! where did you see her ?'' ''I saw her just now, as I came in. She's a very distinguished-looking person, isn't she ? Nursery governesses don't usually look like tragedy queens, do they ? She has a very remarkable face.'' ''Has she ? You are as enthusiastic as Queenie. She saw her at noon, and raved about her for half an hour. I must be very blind or stupid — I confess I can only see a preposterously tall young woman, with a pale, solemn face.'' '' Enthusiastic, am I ?'' Lord Ruysland repeated. ''I wasn't aware that I was; but I once knew another face very like it — wonderfully like it. And I give you my word of honor that as I came upon Miss — ah to be sure— Herncastle, standing there in the moonlight, I thought I saw a ghost.'' (To be continued.) 