CONFIRMATION SERVICE AT ST. PAUL'S. A Confirmation service was conducted at St. Paul's Church yesterday afternoon by the Bishop, of Melbourne, the rite bang administered to 15C candidates, including a number of adults, froni the various parishes in the Geelong district. The ceremony was witnessed by a large congregation. Amongst the clergymen in attendance were the Bevs Canon Goodman, W, Ciias. Pritchard, " H, Kelly, Cooling, Tvssen, Hart, Windsor, and Andersou, The Bishop and clergy, with the snipliced choir, entered the church in processional order, the pastoral staff bring borneby the Hev J. T. Tysseu. Tbe young women were attired "in white, and those connected with St Paul's parish wore veils, which looted more tasteful than the plain white caps usually worn on such occasions. Before the ceremony commenced the Bishop gave a short address to those who presented themselves for confirmation regarding the spiritual results which should fofow the adminis tration of the sacrament. He advised them to hear the trials which thev might be called upon to bear, with patience ana resignation, confident " that all things ivould work for good. After the candi dates had been confirmed the Bishop again addressed them upon the nature of the rite. They had received the gift of the Holy Ghost, which would be found a mighty power in temptation. There was one very beautiful figure iu the hook of Hosea, by which the influence of the Holy Spirit was represented. In that hook God said " I will he as the dew unto Israel." In some lands the drought continued often for months, and the plants and trees would wither for want of nourishment were it not for the dew which descended copiously at night to refresh the parched soil. It was in that way that God promised to lie as the dew unto Israel, or in other words to His Church—to those who had been baptised and" confirmed. Like the dew the Spirit of God descended silently and gently -to help and strengthen His people. The \- • '• a. dew was very peneirtLoij^, juu - way through the orachs aud crevices of the jxirebed eurth to the very roots of the plants which needed refreshment. Just so with the Holy Spirit. He entered their hearts, and changed their whole character. He went down to the v cry springs of their being to sanctify them, and by degrees their thoughts, words, desires, and affections became holv and pleasing to God. Several bannerettes were disphiyed in the chancel, and the altar was beauti fully decorated with flowers. After the ceremony the Bishop addressed the members of the Church Uniou. Hi tae mornine the Bishop preached at Cbnst ChurchTand in the evening spoke to a large congregation at All Saints'. 