FOREIQN MFSStONfe. PUBUf! MEKTINJ mr PialK-SIIlEB* CU SCO. A public meeting in oonneotion with toe Foreign Missions w« held in toe Pirie- stMet Wesley an Ghuroh on Taeeday evening, May 15\. lue attendance was large, and Sir John Ooltos presided. The Her. Dr. BnoWH, General Secretary of Foreign Missions in oonneotion with the WeBleyan Methodist Church, was the first speaker. He was sure they' would alt regret the absence from the meeting of good old Bishop Langham, of Fiji. Toe missionaries in Fiji were'to be greatly sympathized with on aooount of the trying difficulties winch met them, inolnding the maohinatiuns of the Papal agents on the islands. (Applause.) The Fiji Mission was the grandest mission that Uod had given to any Ohurch under heaven. When he was asked to speak of the Foreign Missions he was reminded of. his life in Samoa. (Applause.) They saw a lot about the Ssmoans in the newspaper cable messages. The kindest and most loving people he ever lived among on God's earth were the Samoans. He referred to the suecessrul mission in New Britain, and felt sure that neither Mr. Dauks, Mr. Boonsy, nor himself ever begrudged a single hour of the years they spent in New Britian, whither he led the first band of missionaries many years ago. It was a grand mission. He wob aUo deeply grateful chat he wob Bent out to organize the New Guinea Mission. A bettor equipped party never left any oountry for the mission 4eldi than that party—seventy of them'—who went from Sydney Harbour in 1891 in the Lord of the Isles. Was it not wonderful that already the Gospel of St. Mark translated by _ Mr. Fellows was on its way to the New Guinea people, the first Gospel that was ever translated in the dialeots of New Guinea under the missions of the Wosleyan Missionary Sooiety. (Applause.) He asked them all to'stand by this great Sooiety, and to help with their prayers And gilts. Above all, they wanted that every man and woman oonneoted with the Cburoh should feel some thing of the power and in&uenoe; of thiB great mission work upon their home life. The Oburoh that was not a missionary Ohuroh was either dying or dead. G id forbid that the time should ever oome when the Methodist Churches should lose their interest in the grand and glorious missions that God had entrusted to their oare. He was delighted with the efforts of the Ladies' Auxiliary Societies. (Applause.! • The Rev. John Watspobd, of Viotoria, still a vigorous speaker notwithstanding his advanced age, eaid thirty-two years ago he delivered hie first missionary address in South Australia on the platform of that Church. Of the many who were on the platform on that oooasiou—noble men in the Methodist Church—all were dead save himself and Mr. Quiok. When he was young man it was said the missionaries could not get into the heart of India and China, but had not the missions in these and other oountries been attended with glorious results f This was his year of jubilee. (Applause.) Fifty years ago he was married and went to Fiji, being among as noble a band of men as ever went into a mission field. John Hunt was there, Riohard Lythe, Thomas Calvert, and Thomas WilliamB, all grand men, were there (applause); there were fourteen of them altogether—seven men and seven women—and only two were now living, his wife and himself. (Applause.) They laid the foundations, and the noble bands of missionaries that followed built upon their work and reaped the glorious harvest. He rejoioed to eee the viotories in the mission fields of Africa, China, India, and the isles of the sea. They had a growing proof of the value of their missions. But there was much work yet to be done. There were still 800 millions of their fellow-men in the darkness and misery of heathenism, 800 millions who were all redeemed and did not know it beoauBe they had not been told. Christ's mes sage bad not been given to them. Only those who bad been in the mission fields knew what the darkness and misery of heathenism meant. The sins and miseries of these people were oalling out for the missionaries. These people were fast passing away, and soon would be gone, and those who had embraced Christianity were wondering why the missionaries did not go to the others. Missionaries should be sent in hundreds instead of in tens. A full baptism of the Holy Ghost upon ministers and people was what was really needed. Tbey must not talk ahnut impossibilities. Tbe Ohuroh was never right until it began to fight the so-oalled impossibilities. (Applause.) A oolleotion was made in aid' of Foreign Missions. the Kev. A. J. WEBB (Jfresident ol the Queensland WesleyanOonferenoe.and one time missionary in Fiji) regarded this as the most important missionary meeting he had ever attended, the most important beoause it was the most representative. He felt it a great honour to be on the same platform with Mr. Watsford, whom he remembered addressing him as a Sunday-school soholar in Parramatta yean ago. Their Christian missions appealed to the heroio sides of their nature, SDd also appsaled to chem because they developed the oharaoters of the missionaries, bringing out nil their latent powers, and this development in turn brought out the obaracters of the natives among whom they ministered. Instead of the -horrid cannibalism and the terrible orgies witnessed in the days when Father Watsford was in Fiji, to-day there were Christian Ohurohes in every village in that land, and Christian schools, the sabbath-day observed as it was not observed in these oolonies, and the work of God carried on as gloriously as it was in any oolony of Australasia. The mission work in* Fiji had been no sham, but of the greatest reality, it had been a work of stern ness, and had oombated the most gigantio forms of sin. (Applause.) Men" of extraordi nary powers and eioqnsnoe as preachers had been raised among the natives aa. the result of the missions. The unoon verted Fijian was cowardly, but he knew of nothing more noble than the oonverted Fijian. The first invitation he got to a Circuit in Fiji was "Send up your new missionary and we'll eat him." (Laughter.) He did not aooepb the invitation, aDd though afterwards they tried to «at him they did not Buceeed. The most glorious sight he had ever witnessed was that of the light of Christianity stealing away over the mass of heaohenism in Fiji, first over the villages and then over whole tribes until the whole place was Christianized. TheRev. J.J. Lewis, of NewZealand, having eulogized the work of the pioneer missionaries of NewZsaland,said Christianity had freed the Maoris from cannibalism, polygamy, slavery, and tribal warfare. Good religious work was still being done among the remnant of the Maoris. The oolony that was leading tbe world in wnm£*s suffrage— (laughter)—would yet give the world heroines in the mission fields. (Applause.) If the wealth of the Church were only oonseorated to God they woold never bear of retrench ment in connection with the expenditure on missions. He urged the Methodise people to bestir themselves in the mission cause, so that the gospel might be oarried 'to the heathens of all lands. (Applause.) 