WAS IT A GHOST » THEY SAW? , Mrs. H. H. JKNNINUS lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Mias Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is im old ono but in good ordor. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doora aud wont to the thoatro, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the ga« burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half -past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talkiug. Hut aa they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of thein in a second. Kight in tho middle of tho roOra stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his lace was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through tho holes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long old-fashioted pistol. The women iled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in tivo minutes later he found no ono In the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name ;and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as sho looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, aud tho local old women gossip said it was a summons and l would never get well. Yet I did and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it is more three years ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the neives will play on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mis. Jane Foster, of Darracott Hoad, l'okosdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :— 1 was so dreadfully nervous 1 could not bear 14 anyone in the room with me. yet 1 did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in Juno, 1889\. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the Btomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by 1 had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain oven that on my . Btomach. By this time I was nothing but 'Bkin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully 1 thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never got better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly *)ff, and was cured by Mother SeigePs Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days 1 was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week 1 went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suifored from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, aud the system rallied only when the Byrnp had given new vigor to tho digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of tho Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and'dyspepsia. Ghosts come fiom the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. G04f 