THE LftTE FRED. LESLIE. KECOLLECTIONS OF GAIETY BURLESQUE. FIRST NOTICE. Amongst the books worth reading, upon which there is sure to be a run at Mollen'e, few are likely to draw Melbourne readers more than the newly published Recollections of Fred Leslie, by W. S. Vincent. In two handsome volumes, profusely illustrated, an old friend from bovhood.a iournalist and ioint author with Leslie of his last great success. Cinder Ellen Up Too Late, recount® the story of his life from start to finish. TKb early proclivity for the stage, his successes as en amateur, the rase by which he suc ceeded in getting his foot upon- the regular hoards, his hardly- won success, his triumphs in America, in England and Australia, all are fully recorded. There is no lack of amnaing stories to enliven the narrative, nor are detail of his home life and private relationship want ing. The picture is given, Cromwell fashion, warts and all, with the result that when yon dose the book yon folly know the man, hi8 strength, his weakness. The lives of great actors have as books generally been arrant failures, faulty in construction, painfully deficient in interest. Kb ach complaint be brought against the present work. Mr Vincent is in fullest sympathy with his subject, knows his fifcory thoroughly, has turned his literary ekill to such good account that from the day of Leslie's birth, lBt April, 1S55, down to tiie dark December |y>) Trhftn jymfflljBMPHifcHBSSl wnHm the in- \- tereet never flags. The enforced retirement of Miss Farren, through and the death of Leslie have/almost quenched -what admirers called "ifhe Sacred Lamp of Gaiety Burlesque.'' "Whether it was ever worth lighting, or >torth maintaining at snch expenditure of vitality and artistic genius, may well be questioned. Like many other silly tilings well done, bnt scarce worth the trouble of doing well, it will have its day and cease to be ; but the life of its high priest and Magnus Apollo is fraught with instruction for stage-struck youngsters, and may well give them pause. Strenuous and unremitting toil, an overstrained nervous system, and early death at thirty-seven, seem too high a price to pay even for success like Leslie's and a fortune of 1.16,000. The game was scarcely worth the candle. I EARLY LIFE. The Hobsons, of Woolwich, military outfitters in a good way, were not the first, nor are they likely to be the last, of our middle class families devoted to church or chapel, who make the appalling discovery that one of their brood is that rata avis, a bom actor. Good Mrs Hobson, left widowed with eight children to bring up, and a busi ness to manage, succeeded in everything she undertook, save in arresting her youngest boy's penchant for the stage. Good schooling, both at home and afterwards in France, regu lar church-going, maternal expostulations, all foiled to stem the tide that set so strongly theatre wards. The church itself must be credited with some of the respon sibility for having fostered young Fred's dramatic tastes ; for at penny readings and parochial festivals he won snch applause by bis boyish recitations that in due oonrse be found a place amongst the amateurs at the Royal Artillery Theatre. Here be chiefly affected old men roles, bat on occasion was ready to fly at any game, high or low, that offered. The great ambition of these early days was to play Lear in a London theatre, — nor .did this longing lor the ifigher and more serious walks of the drama ever desert him ; burlesque was only a road towards a piedeter- tinned goal, the management of a London theatre and serious parts, and for this be was preparing when .death closed his ca reer. AN UNREHEARSED EFFECT. In those Woolwich days the play was one night the popular Colleen Bawn, and Fred Leslie, for be had thus early adopted hie nomde theatre, was Danny Mann, the hunchback; a part he greatly foamed. All went well until towards the close, when Danny's knowledge of the text gave out. Denny , shot in the cave while trying to drown the Colleen, has been taken to his mother's hut, and there has to confess and give np the ghost in view of the audience. The bed. on which Master Fred lay was in the centre of the stage. Poor Danny's tale was told with all the convulsions and moans which enhance the effect of the death straggle ; when, lo ! with the final twinge, off came the coverlet, revealing under the bedstead a soldier, lying at full length with a book and candle, prompting the actor above him, line by line. The house roared with laughter, and the cur tain fell rapidly upon the anti-climax. It was fortunate for " Mr Fred Leslie" that he bad not to show himself again upon the stage that night. EARLY DAYS IN STAGELAND. By the time he was twenty he had risen in the establishment of Messrs Prater, the well- known London army contractors, to a salary ofLlOOayear, with the certainty of speedy promotion, but in 1S78 he threw all this np to accept an engagement to play first old men at the Royalty Theatre under Miss Kate Santiey 's management at the princely salary of LI a week. The late Lionel Brough was to star in Paul Pry, and Leslie was the Colonel Hardy. His first appear ance was a dreadful fiasco. To ee- "v-'r irHTftw engagement "'is professed >-ta know JBUaho®TBBv«rtr---Iji-.ifBotr be bad never read it, or even seen the play, but the chance was too good to lose, so be eat np all night fo study it, with the result that he was soundly hissed. Confess ing the troth, be begged for another chance so earnestly that Miss SanQey at last con sented, and by the third night both manager, ess and star were forced to acknowledge that ha was the best Colonel Harly they had ever seen. A year's hard work at the Royalty won for the young aspirant the goodwill of bis fellows and the favor of the audience, but by those arbiters of destiny, the critics, be was either ignored or had snch snippets of praise doled out as might have soured one of less deter mined mettle. Still he struggled on, making way slowly till in comic opera he found his feet and became, in request. In 1879 he married the sweetheart of Mb childhood, Miss Lome Agate, to whom he owed twelve years of happy wedded, life, and whose early death just before his second visit, to Australia cast a shadow upon the short remnant of his career. After two years at the Alhambra,- where hiseslaiy rose to Ll2, and finally Llo, ,. he accepted an. American engage-; ment at 125 a week, and there .first - met . with . that, stimulating en couragement, both from the Press and his : audiences, the larir of which bad been so keenly feU rn Englsnd. There, in five months, he won a position which five years' t bard work in England had failed to ensure, .- andonMeretnrn to Englandhe hroughfrwifii.' vfnm fc'three years engagement 'tolwgin in August, lSS2at L2u a week first year, L35 .- - ' . --- second, and LtO the third Before Ms return to America, however, u chance meeting with H. B. Farnie, the well-known librettist of so many comic operas, led to an engagement at the Comedy Theatre to create the part of Rip :n a serio comic operatic version of Rip Van Winkle at a salary of L25 a week. This was in reality the crowning artistic suc cess of Leslie's life. Press and public were for once in fullest accord. The American engagement had to be postponed and for ZOO nights Leslie enjoyed bis triamph- A SERVANT MAID'S CRITICISM OF HER MASTER. Leslie's servant girl was sent to see Rip, and during the first act a good-natured neighbor pointed out her master when he was riwging hi, song, These Little Heads now Golden, which she followed with interest. In the third act when Old Rip croons the same song in a faltering, aged voice, but fails to recall it, and breaks down, the maid left the theatre and went home. Next day her master asked her how she had enjoyed the performance. "Oh, sir,"' die replied, "I like the two plays you acted in (meaning the first two acts), and your song wae beautiful ; but after that they played another piece (the third act), and some old man came on and tried to imitate you and to sing your song, and he forgot the wordB, and he couldn't do it a bit; and I was so glad." AT THE TOP OF THE TREE. At the end of 100 nights the management raised salary to L30 a week, but as the furore increased beyond expectation, Leslie declined at the endjiLJiia-.niBij . jitlUfliS" engagement to rcncw it save at an advance eo L40. This was declined, so after 14th July, 1SS3, he took a month's holiday before revisiting America. 'There he topped Ms pre vious success to snch a degree that London "Truth" wrote: — "Fred Leslie has gone to America for the salary of a Cabinet Minister, English managers feeling that they conld only afford to pay him that of a Secretary of State." In April, 3 SS4, he returned to England in snch a state of health that protracted rest was necessary, and not till September of that year did be resume work, returning to the Royal Comedy Theatre, and to his old form in Rip ; a lengthened provin cial tour following. To an interviewer he gave a peep into the seamy side of his life : « if you »hinlr that on book of life is a kind of gilt-edged edition de Inxe by comparison with that of the clever actors of yonr local companies who play a score of new pieces every year, you may temper your judgment with mercy hy recollecting how exceedingly arduous these burlesque characters are. The frequent changes of dress and make-up, the dancing, the singing, the constant ebullience of spirit — all this is most exhausting to the nervous system, and in my own case has led to serious illness." Bnt, with all its draw backs, the life was to Ms taste, and Ms affec tion for the stage never abated. He loved his work ; he enjoyed it when on the stage, and there was no subject of thought or con versation more congenial to him at all times than topics theatrical. Rip Van Winkle oame to an end at last, and the hard-wrought actor took a holiday trip in France, re-visiting Ms old school, and doing Paris. TT'« opinion of French actors and acting is worth transcribing : " My so journ in Erance taught me nothing, or rather only one thing, that the Paris standard of acting is deteriorating. I eaw bnt one per fect piooe of — —i reg out of tho efforts of about 250 artists, and thin from a man at a cheap theatre in a cheap piece." For a seoond notice we reserve what to our 'readers will prove the most interesting part of the book, Leslie's connection with the Gaiety Company "atEOTils "two -vfsite -to- Asa— Joirs- Rbid. 