AN ALPINE TRAGEDY. " Black asd "White." Mrs Leighton, aged * 23. Lady Chill worth, aged 60. Captain Thornton aged 38. Scene: The covered terrace of the Hotel Biffelalp facing the peak of the Matter horn. (Mrs Leighton is looking through the hotel telescope at the peak of the Matterhorn.) Lady Chillworth (approaching): "What are you looking at, my dear ? Mrs Leighton: I'm looking for my hushand. He is on the Matterhorn. Lady Chillworth : Ah, you're young. "When you get to my age you'll find it | wiser to look at your husband through the wrong end of a telescope. Mrs Leighton: I think I see him. Look, a tiny black speck against the pure white snow. Lady Chillworth (after gazing at Mrs Leighton quietly for a few moments): What an eloquent description of you and him. Mrs Leighton: "What do you mean. (Nervously). Lady Chillworth : Oh, my child, you j can't deceive me. Do you think I don't know why you're making this dutiful | display of interest in your hushand: Mrs Leighton : But, indeed, I Lady Chillworth : My poor child, you kept your room, all day yesterday, aud I | heard all that passed in it the night be fore last—before your husband left for the Matterhorn—a most unwilling audience, I assure you ; hut these foreign J hotels, with doors connecting all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to .make j exhibitions of themselves in. He's a | brute! , Mrs Leighton : Lady Chillworth ' Lady Chillworth (with rising indigna- ' tion) : Yes, a brute. That bruise on your | foreliead Mrs Leighton (coloring deeply) : 11 fell against the chest of drawers, - and Lady Chillworth: He pushed you. - 11 heard him. Mrs Leighton : No, no—indeed. Lady Chillworth: Yes he did, and you, like the little heroine you are, fearful lest the truth should he known, sit here making a display of interest and affection before all these strangers. But yon seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is Mrs Leighton (with enthusiasm) : Oh, he is such a good, true-hearted Lady Chillworth : No doubt of it, and I'm sure he means well; but I'm an old woman and know the world pretty well, and of the two, there's more danger to a young, attractive woman in a sympathetic male friend than in a bad husband. . Mrs Leighton : But Captain Thornton is a chivalrous geutleman. Lady Chillworth : Granted! And if friendship were possible between the sexes, it might he possible with him,- but it isn't. Mrs Leighton: He is the soul of honor. Lady Chillworth : Granted again. But he worships the ground you walk upon 1 Mrs Leighton (eagerly, then checking herself): Oh, you don't think that, do you. l mean I'm sure he Lady Chillworth: Don't try to deceive a woman old enough to be your grand mother. Do 3'ou think I don't know a man in love when 1 see one ? Mrs Leighton : But what makes you think he—he—cares for me ? Lady Chillworth : There's no mistak ing the look in his eyes.. They soften the moment he sees you. I haye watched you both. Do yon know what heart hunger is ? Mrs Leighton (feelingly): Oh, yes! (Checking herself). At least, I scarcely think I know what you mean. . Lady Chillworth (grimly): Quite right. Beep like that. Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of heart hunger—the hunger that gnaws the i heart of a man debarred by honor from declaring his love. A woman never mis takes that. Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we show them -irc kuow ir. Oii, m3' clear, what a mis bike. I've been through it all. Mrs Leighton: Yon? How sad yon look. Lady Chillworth . (sighing) : Sad i Pve a woman's memory, child, heartless old worldling though I seeui in the eyes of a world that judges by externals! Your case brings hack to me a memory of the past. — (A pause.) Mrs Leighton: "Won't you tell me abont it ? ~ Lad}- Chillworth: There's not much to tell. I married young, an undisciplined girl, ignorant of what love meant, "When I grew to womanhood, there came one into my lite who changed the meaning of existence for me. I loved him with every fibre of 103' nature. Had he asked it, I would have thrown every tie that bound me to the winds. But he loved my fair name and honor before all else, and in the loneliness of old age, instead of a remembrance of the shame that dings forever to a stained life, I have the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live on- The woman who holds such a memory in her heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause.) Mrs Leighton (in a soft voice): I am so sony- for you. Lad3' Chillworth : There, I'm a silly old woman ! Don't tronhleyour young heart about me, but look to yourself. Pew women are so fortunate^ un fortunate as I was. Mine was an ex- | perience too wonderful to occur again, so beware of friendship, Mrs Leighton: But Captain Thorn- t ton is such a sympathetic friend, and I 1 look up to him and trust him so. Lady Chillworth: And beware of j sympathy, too—it is the overture to love. Mrs Leighton: But I am a married woman. We can't love—we mustn't. Lad3* Chillworth: Mustn't! The | word i«u't in love's vocabulary. Ob, tbere 1 is Captam Thornton. See, even his good | manners are severely tried at seeing 3'ou monopolised by any one else. I fancy I I saw the ghost of a frown on his face when he saw me. Good-morning, Captain I Thornton. And don't 3*ou intend to do) the Matterhorn this time ? Captain Thornton : No, I think I have uoiie witn rue Jiatterborn now, Lady Chillwortli. I Lave ascended it seven times. It has no more charms for me. Lady Chillwoith: How man-like! Nothing but the nnattained interests yon. men. Well, we shall meet at iahlc-tP-h<ite this evening, I daresay. I am going down to Zermatt cow. I hope to hear of the safe return of the mountain-party when I come back. Good-bye. (Lady Chill worth nods to theiu and leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr Leigh ton lias gone to the Matterhorn after all? Mis Leigh tan-Yes; I tried hard to persuade him not. In his present state of health, I aiu sure he was not tit to hear the fatigue. ■ ' - - . Captain Thornton : I saw nothing of you all day yesterday. " Mrs Lcighton (timidly) : No, I—I stayed in mv room. I had. rather a dis turbed night. You see, Mr Leighton started early with his gnide for the Mat terhorn, and a lot of otherpeople went, too, and the clatter and noise made me wakefuL Captain Tkorntou (after gazing at her): Howpaleyou look, and—what's that—a hruise on your temple? That wasn't there last time I saw you, Mrs Leighton ; Oh, it's really nothing —nothing at all. I—I fell—it was my own fault. I fell against the chest of drawers. Captain Thornton (willi great emo tion) : Oh, inj- God—he struck you! Mrs Leighton (faintly): No—110— in deed—indeed not. \- Captain Thornton (turns away and looks out across the valley to hide his emotion. After a pause be returns to her. and, taking both lier hands in his, speaks with an effort at self-restraint) : I am so drcadlully sorry for you, I—I can scarcely trust myself to "speak" to you ; but if the knowledge that you have a devoted friend who would gladly face death for you is any help, hear it from my lips. Mrs Leighton (looking up into his face with tears in her eyes) : Yes, indeed, it is a'help—a great help—I can not tell you how great. (She sinks down on to a seat.) Captain Thornton (bending over her) : You look so faint and ill: shall I send for your maid ? Mrs Leighton: "Would yon niirid ? X null go and lie down again, I think. X didn't, sleep well last night. (Captain Thornton retires. He returns with Mrs Leighton's maid, and she gees away to her own room.) (Six hours later. .Evening. Captain Thornton is smoking on the covered terrace. "Lady Chillwortli approaches ltim excitedly and puts her hand on his arm.) Lady Chillworth : Oh, Captain Thorn ton—your poor little friend- Such a shock. Her husband! Captain Thornton (starts): "What of hiin 'i Xjady Chillworth: Head, dead! The news has just come — died on the Matterhorn from exhaustion. He was a dreadful man; hut still, he was her hus band, and sudden death is always shock ing Captain Thornton (as if in a dream) : Dead—dead r Impossible I Where is she ? Lady Chill worth: In my sitting-room. I broke the news to her. (A. pause.) Come -to her—come . (laying her- hand upon his arm). I understand. . Captain Thornton: Has she asked for me? Lady Chill worth: Could she ask? Come. ' .' (They -enter Lady Chillworth's sittiug ronin together. Uro -Xjaghtou is. sit ting on the sofa. Captain Thornton sits down by'her. Taking her hands in his, he draws her gently to him, and she bursts into tears. 