THREE candidates to-day contend for the honor of representing the City of Ballarat in the Legislative Assembly. The public have been made well acquainted with their pretensions by the able addresses which they have delivered in all parts of the consti tuency, and probably a large number of the electors have -by this time decided which they will support. It was not altogether an easy matter to decide, for not even the most enthusiastic partisan of either candidate could find any special fault with the others. All the gentlemen who appeal to the voters are able, well known, and popular. They all promise direct support to the Turner Government, and they all agree that the financial measures ad vocated by the Premier are, in the present state of the colony, unavoid able. Mr Kirton points out very justly that the Government has itself modified the policy it submitted to the country by withdrawing its original proposal of the wealth tax and substi tuting imposts he had previously sup ported—the income and absentee taxes and the tax upon unimproved land values. More than that he recognises the duty incumbent upon every man in and out of Parliament to do his best to help the country out of its difficulties, and this is only to be done by loyally supporting the Ministry which has received the preference of the people. There is no doubt what ever that should the choice of the electors to day fall upon the old mem ber he will give as steady and sincere a support to the policy of the Ministry as Mr Vale, who is a member of it, can do himself, and that the Ballarat members will be both on the same side of the House in act and fact, which is a very good thing for the city. More over, Mr Kirton is in full accord with Mr Best, the Minister of Lands, con cerning the necessity of modifying our political system and avoiding party conflicts by introducing the Swiss plan of electing ministries, and that will be another tie between him and the Government. In all essentials the political creeds of Councillor Bell and Mr Bail are identical with that of Mr Kirton. The worthy councillor, who is a popular and successful man of business, is identified with various leading local interests. He is in favor of reducing the number of members of Parliament to 60, and their salaries to £2OO per annum. He favors a Sta'te bank, a minimum wage, fixity of tenure in the mallee district, and generally speaking the Turner policy as expounded in the Governor’s speech. Mr Rail, like Mr Turner himself, is in tlm one difficulty, that he appealed to the elec tors upon the wealth tax, and now has to take up the substitutes which Mr Kirton, among many others, had advocated. But Mr Turner very sen sibly saw that the country, while it had called him to office, had returned a majority against that particular proposal and in favor of the other three taxes.he has now adopted. He was perfectly justified in accepting the condition attached to the leader ship, and Mr Rail is equally right in following his lead. In justice to Mr Kirton, however, it must be said that their change is greater .than his, inasmuch as while ' they for good reasons, abandon a measure they attempted to carry, and in which they still believe, finding the present Government now ready to carry out the measures he has desired, can quite conscientiously give it his best 'support. The choice of the elec tors is therefore between three candi dates of equal respectability, and iden tical politics, all of whom have served the public in various capacities, while one of them has been for up wards of five years a valuable repre sentative already. In this respect it is well to say that Mr Kirton’s failure at the last election does not imply any rejeotion by the constituency. The electors were determined to see the late Colonel Smith in, and that determina tion put Mr Kirton out. In the light of events even Mr Kirton’s warmest adherents must be glad that the late lamented representative ended his days as member for the City. But the very fact that Mr Kirton was necessarily sacrificed to that sentiment may make his supporters more energetic upon his behalf to-day. The approach of the racing carnival in Melbourne is always marked by a very decided decrease in the business done in the Ballarat share market. Last week was no exception to the rule. In the room only 6395 shares were sold, and transactions in the large hall would not swell, the total to beyond 9000\. Local stocks were most in de mand, but there was an absence of anything in the shape of a run upon any of the companies quoted that was not due alone to the fact that there were no marked developments in any of the mines. At the Tam o’Shanter the footwall of what is believed to be the lode being driven for was struck on Friday, showing highly mineralised quartz, but the absence of gold was probably responsible for the fact that shares eased a penny—from 2s 3d to 2s 2d. Our Steiglitz correspondent, writing on Saturday, says it was rumored that dish prospects had been obtained from the stuff. The South Waterloo Company is taking out a trial crushing, which will probably be started some time this week. Locally, the tributors at the Llanberris No. 1 Company’s mine have had a very satis factory crushing, which caused shares to advance from Is 3d to 13 9d. Last Chance United have been firm and in moderate request with sales up to 21s 9d. . Sir Henry Loch had slight busi ness at from 5s 3d to 4s 9d to 4s lid. New Kohinoor were quitted in mode rate numbers at from 3s 9d to 4s Id to 3s 7d and 3s Bd. The stone at the No. 3 level continues to look well, and a bore has proved the existence of 70 feet of reef overhead, and not through yet. Amongst the outside stocks, Black Horse United commanded the most attention at al most stationary rates, with a slightly downward tendency. From 12s 3d, shares dropped to 10s, and closed at 10s 6d. There is 'nothing fresh from the mine. Chalk’s line have been quiet, and the Berry group without much attention. Parker’s United had moderate business, at from 94d to 5Jd. There is not much likelihood of any thing like animation in the market until the racing excitement wears off. Polling in connection with the Ballarat West extraordinary election to fill the vacancy caused by the lamented death of Lieutenant- Colonel Smith—will take place to-day. The candidates are Messrs J. W. Kirton, A. Bell, and J. W. Rail. The poll opens at 8 o'clock and closes at 5 at the following booths:—The Central State school, Dana street, for the Bal larat West division; State school, Black Hill, for the Black Hill division; State school, Little Bendigo, No. 1 booth from A to Z; Ronald’s house, Lydiard street, No. 2 booth from A to Z for the Bungaree West division. The V.R.C. Spring Carnival did not open auspiciously as far as Ballarat sportsmen are concerned. Messrs Bailey and Orr’s. colt Dreamland, who was made a hot favorite for the Derby, and who did such sensational train ing gallops as to secure a large support from Bportsmen in Ballarat as well as elsewhere, had to be content with fourth place. . Mr W, T, Jones’ Capstan and Lord Randolph were un placed in the Melbourne Stakes, and the same owner’s Acton failed to annex winning honors in the Derby. It is hoped, however, that Lord Randolph, Capstan from Mr A. Taylor’s stable, Dreamland or Mr T. Wilson’s The Golden King may show better form on Tues day. The Ballarat contingent on Saturday met with anything but good fortune. At the meeting of the City Council to-day the following motions on notice will be con sidered:—“ By Cr A. Bell—‘That in future a clause be inserted in all contracts let by the council prohibiting contractors from sub letting; also that they shall pay a minimum rate of wages of got less than 5s per day.’ By Cr Elliott— ‘ That in future all out-door em ployment under the council shall be given to ratepayers of not less than six months’ resi dence in the City.’ ‘That in future all condi tions of contracts let by this council shall contain a clause requiring that contractors shall employ only ratepayers of this city of not less than six months’ residence.’ ” Our Maryborough correspondent wired last night that news had been received there from Paris of the death of the Very Rev. Dr Reffe, founder of the Holy Ghost College (now St. Patrick’s), in this City. This news will, we are sure, be received with deep regret by many in Ballarat who had the pleasure of meeting the deceased gentleman, who was an able cleric and a profound scholar. A sensational event occurred in Sturt street on Saturday night, when Mr A. Bell was ad dressing a large crowd from the balcony of Phillips’ hotel. A riderless horse with-' a halter attached to its head came bolting along Bridge street at a terrific pace, scattering pedestrians in all directions and sending two of them heavily on to the roadway. A young man named Freeman, a resident of Warren heip, was rendered unconscious, and was taken by Constable Gardiner into Mr Reid’s chemist’s shop, where he lay insensible for three- quarters of an hour. Fortunately, however, no bones were broken. The animal continued its wild career along Sturt Btreet, and dashed among the dense crowd who were listening to Mr Bell’s address. People dashed hither and thither to get out of the way, but one young man who was hardly quick enough was knocked down, and had his ear so badly torn as to neces sitate attendance at Mr Towl’s pharmacy. A woman who stood beside a perambulator, in which lay her baby, hurriedly picked up the little one and left the carriage, which was knocked over and smashed. After having frightened many and scattered the crowd generally, the runaway, which had evidently escaped from its stable, was captured* The constables who were complained against by Clancy, the night watchman, have been in formed that the Chief Commissioner has de cided that the evidence totally fails to sub stantiate any one of the charges levied against them. In all probability legal proceedings will be at once instituted against Clancy for making slanderous statements. Arrangements for the forthcoming spring showare being completed, and the exhibition this year promises to be one • of the most attractive and successful for some time past. The entries are highly satisfactory, numbering, aB they do, nearly 400 in excess of last year. The following figures show the number of exhibits in each class, and speak for them selves :—Draught stock, 45; blood stock, 213; cattle, 140; swine, 97; poultry, 439; dairy produce, 9fi; implements, 102; machinery, 112; flowers, 36; wine, 77; dogs, 181; buggies, 55; saddlery, 17; needlework, 157; total, 1829. Hitherto the Becond day of the show has been the occasion of a far larger attendance than the first. It is pointed out, however, that the jumping events, the trials of hunters, horse parades, &c.;, may all be seen on the first day as well as the second; while all the exhibits will be in their places. It is probable, therefore, that this year the attendance on the first day will be quite as large as on the second. So numerous were the passengers to Mel bourne on Saturday morning that the Adelaide express was unable to give the necessary ac commodation, and an extra train was put on at Stawell to take the overflow. The following letter, received by the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, will show the prospects of a trade with England in com pressed fodder: —“ We duly received the five bales of compressed fodder, per s.s. Rome, and have much pleasure in submitting you the re port hereon from our own observations, and from samples sent out to consumers. We could detect on arrival a slight musty or mouldy smell in the fodder, which, we believe, had arisen through the food not being perfectly dry when packed. The Samples sent out give general approval, and horses Beem to like it when cut up as chaff. At present we can see no future for the trade unless price is near that of oaten straw, which can be bought from £3 to £4 per ton. _ Haring had a wet season here there is an abundant snpply of English hay, besides continental and Canadian to compete against, consequently the prise of your compressed fodder would have to come very low, so as to get a footing on the market. In ordinary seasons there seems no reasonable prospects of this class of fodder exceeding the higher figure of £4 per ton. — Yours, &c.;, Oetzen and Gerritson', London." It is pointed out that if compress ing works were erected the fodder could be placed on the London market at a cost of about £2 per ton. Therefore, it is held that when hay reaches such low prices as 25s and 30s a ton the local market might be relieved by shipments. When the matter was brought before Saturday’s meeting of the society no action was taken. A man named Thomas Burns, alias Thomas Kennedy, was arrested by Constable Beckman, of Brown Hill, on Saturday, on a charge of stealing on the 16th October, at Breadmeadows, 10 sheepskins, value £2, the property of David Cargill. The accused is also charged with steal ing eight sheepskins, vulue £2, on the 16th October, also the property of D. Cargill. The accused was lodged in the Town lock-up, and will be brought before the magistrates this morning, when a remand will be applied for. Burns was arrested from a description which appeared in the Police Gazette, and has admitted that he is the man wanted. The adjourned inquest touching the death of Mr Antonio Bemardi will be held at half-past 2 o’clock this afternoon. > Captain Percy Chirnside. M.L.A., has written to the secretary of the Ballarat Agri cultural and Pastoral Society, forwarding a donation of £lO 10s, and stating that he will be present on the first day of the forthcoming spring show. At the City Police Court on Saturday a young man named Charles Anderson was charged with imposing on H. M'Ginley and Cos., of Bridge street, by means of the envelope trick, and also with stealing a coat, value £133 fid, the property of Messrs Young and Ince. The prisoner, who pleaded guilty, was sen tenced to six weeks’ imprisonment on each charge. One debt case was also dealt with by the court. Mr Leader, P.M., and Mr Morri son, J.P., presided. Recently the secretary of the Ballarat A. and P. Society wrote to the agents of the various reaper and binder companies relative to holding a sweepstakes trial some time during December. On Saturday replies were received from several indicating that they did not favor such an exhibition. Messrs A. M. Greenfield and Cos., the representatives of Messrs J. and C. Howard, wrote_ stating that they understood that none of the inventors had anything new in the machines they contem plated selling this season. Therefore the far mers knew the extent of the improvements, and were as intimately acquainted with the work ing of the machines as of the plough. “The continuation of these trials,” wrote the Messrs Greenfield, “ will tend to keep up the price of the machines, which could easily bo lowered if it did not cost so much to run them; and we believe that if extraneous expenditure were cut off in the shape of shows, trials, experts and attendances on farmers, who would learn to be more reliant on their own judgment, the price would be materially decreased on them.” Complete arrangements have (telegraphed our Maryborough correspondent last night) been made for the defence of Mrs Yennell at her trial for the murder of her young son, Mr Forlonge, of Melbourne, an -able criminal barrister, having been retained. The trial will take place at the criminal sessions of the Supreme Court, which open at Maryborough on Tuesday week, 13th inst. At the last meeting of the finance committee of the City Council it was decided to recom mend the general meeting not to entertain any future applications for gravel from the park except for municipal requirements. Members of the Operative Bootmakers’ Union now on strike at Messrs W. and R. Graham’s factory were on Saturday given the weekly allowance. Mr Fortune, the secretary, is now in Melbourne consulting with the organisation there on matters connected with the dispute. The co-operative boot factory is meeting with success, and finds employment for some of the men. At the Town Police Court on Saturday, before Messrs Ham, Josephs, and Robertson, J’a.P., J. P. Brown, the man who was arrested on a charge of drunkenness and also for assault ing Mr Hart, proprietor of “ Home, Sweet Home ” boardinghouse, Grant street, was fined 5s on the first charge, and 40s on the second, with 2s fid costs. Messrs Trenwith and Prendergast, M’s.L.A.. who had been invited to visit Ballarat to ad dress the workers on political matters on Satur day night, telegraphed to say they were unable to come. A memorial service was held at St. John’s Presbyterian Church last night, in reference to the loss of the s.s. Wairarapa. There was a very large congregation. The pulpit was draped in black, and the service throughout was of a most impressive character. The Rev. W. S. Macqueen, in the course of a powerful sormon, feelingly alluded to the terrible bereavement which had befallen so many. He said that among those on the ill-fated ship were some who a few weeks ago were worship ping in that church. The preacher in earnest tones dwelt upon the uncertainty of life, and the lessons to be drawn from the disaster which had just happened in their midst. He pleaded with all to become reconciled to God now, so that come what will all will be well. While the offertory was being taken up the choir sang “Lead Kindly Light,” and at the conclusion of the service the “ Dead march in Saul ” was played by Mr Nicholas. The annual meeting of the City Council will be held on Tuesday, 20th instant, at 12 o’clock noon. At the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church yesterday morning, the Rev. .Tas. Lowe made special reference to the disasters—land and marine—which had recently taken place. The rev. gentleman spoke of the great responsibility resting upon those who had lives and property in Cheir charge, and the necessity for a strict attention to duty. He referred to the responsi bilities of those who were workers in the spiritual world whom it behoved to be ever on the watch to guard the souls under their care from peril. In the concluding prayer the preacher invoked the blessing of God upon the bereaved relatives of those who lost their lives'in the dis asters. In the evening the Rev. J. A. Taylor, of Clunes, conducted the service, and delivered an eloquent discourse on the words—“ He who was rich, yet for our sakes became poor, that we, through His poverty, might be made rich.” The sacrament of the Lord’s supper wa3 ad ministered at the close of the service. The Buninyongshire Council meet3 to-day. At the Sebastopol Police Court on Thursday last, before Mayor Clark and Mr T. Dickinson, J.P., Alexander Russell was sentenced to three days’ imprisonment on a charge of being drunk and disorderly. Bessie Brauberger charged Mrs Jones with using insulting words within the hearing of persons passing in a public street. Mr Tuthill appeared for com plainant and Mr Pearson for defendant. After hearing a lot of evidence on both sides the bench dismissed the case, and remarked that it should never have been brought into court. James v James, for maintenance, was settled out of court. At 3 o’clock on Saturday morning Mr O’Con nor’s wool sheds, situated in Gregory street, near the old cemetery, were burned down. Presumably on account of the open air elec' tion meetings in the city on Saturday night, the attendance at the special meeting of the Bal larat Miners’ Association, called to consider applications from the Bootmakers’ and Shearers’ Unions for monetary assistance, was so small that a postponement was agreed to. The many friends of Mr Andrew Orr, for merly of the editorial staff of The Star, will be pleased to hear that his son, Mr W. F. Orr, has passed the final examination qualifying him to practise as a doctor. Mr R. S. Foloy on Saturday submitted the privileges for the Burrumbeet Park and Win dermere races, which realised the following prices—No. 1 publican’s booth, Mr R. Casey, £9; No. 2 publican's booth, Mr R. Casey, £9; No. 1 refreshment booth, Mr J. Haymes, £1; books and cards, Berry, Anderson, and Cos., £3; horse paddocks, Mr T. Merritt, 15s. On Thursday evening the children of the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum spent a most enjoyable time, when a number of young ladies and gentlemen played, sang and recited for them. Mr C. Walker occupied the chair. Miss Towl, Miss Walker, Miss Tunbridge, Mr Con nelly and Mr Tunbridge, rendered songs, piano forte and violin selections, and Miss Suffren recitations, all of which were heartily applauded and encored; and Master Percy Towl comic comic songs and a performance with the bones, which was received with roars of laughter from the children. The evening was brought to a conclusion by everybody singing “God save the Queen,” and the children giving three hearty cheers for their entertainers. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Agri cultural and Pastoral Society was held on Mr G. G. Morton (president) was in the chair. Arrangements were made for the Spring Show, and everything affecting the com fort of patrons was attended to. Donations amounting to £57 were acknowledged, and accounts to the amount of £37 2s iOd passed for payment. Sub-inspector Hamilton was yesterday in formed that on Saturday afternoon a miner, 19 years of age, named Garrett Coghlan, was drowned in the Chepstowe Creek. The Steiglitz Amateur Turf Club will hold a race meeting on the 19th December, for which the following programme has been drawn up:— Trial Handicap, of £G; Handicap Hurdle Race, of £7; Maiden Trot, of £5; Welter Handicap, bracelet presented by Mrs J. P. Chirnside, with £lO added; Selling Race, of £6; Handicap Trot, of £6; Miners’ Hack Race, bracelet valued at £5. The Scarsdale annual Licensing Court will be held on the Bth of December, at a quarter past 12 o’clock. * Professor Gibson last night delivered a lecture on “ The life of Christ,” to a good audience in the Academy of Music. The discourse was illustrated by stereopticon limelight views, which were exceptionally good. At intervals verses of hymns were shown on the canvas and sung by the people to organ accompaniments. At the conclusion of the beautiful story, a num- • ber of 'Bible pictures were shown and much appreciated. Professor Gibson hiß intention of giving a lecture on “ Botany/ at the Mechanics’ Institute on Wednesday night, and of reciting the life of Moses with illustra tions, after church nest Sunday night. Three men arrested in the City on Saturday night for drunkenness and one for obscenity, will be dealt with at the police court this morning. Accidents as follow are reported from the Hospital:—John Patterson, 30, of York street, injured his toes by dropping a bar of iron upon them. Thos. Thyne, 50, of Mount Egerton, was thrown from a trap and sustained an in jury to his leg. Bernard Dunn, 25, of Albert street, Sebastopol, was thrown from a cab, with the result thut his face was contused and wounds inflicted upon his scalp. The health officer, Dr Jordan, reports that seven cases of infectious diseases were notified during October—four cases of typhoid fever and three of diphtheria. There were no deaths. At the meeting of the City Council this after noon Mayor Morey will make reference in his report to the Wairarapa disaster as follows: — “The recant terrible wreck off the coast of New Zealand has carried grief to many Aus tralian homes, and I very much regret to re cord that Ballarat has not escaped the dire calamity. A young officer of this corporation, the son of an old citizen, taking his holiday, embarked in the unlucky vessel, and his name appears in the list of the drowned. _ I recom mend a letter of condolence from this council be addressed to his family.’’ Abel and Klaer’s European circus, which is now performing with much success in Mel bourne, will appear in Ballarat on or about the 15th inst. The following are the railway arrangements for the Burrumbeet races, to be held on Friday next, Prince of Wales birthday:—Special train leaving Ballarat at 11.50 a.m., and returning at 6.20. Extra carriages will be put on ordinary train leaving Ballarat at 11a.m., and returning at 6.10 p.m. Holiday excursion fares. The entries for the Smeaton Agricultural Society’s annual show, to bo held on Thursday and Friday next, are exceptionally heavy, and the exhibition promises to prove more than ordinarily interesting. Visitors to the Melbourne Cup to-morrow may secure their grandstand or hill tickets from Messrs Niven and Cos., Lydiard street, who will also issue holiday excursion tickets to Melbourne. The officers and delegates of the Federated Builders and Contractors’ Association of Aus tralasia before leaving attended at Mr Chuck’s photographic establishment, Sturt street. A splendid group portrait, which was greatly ad mired, was obtained, and will appear in the Building and Engineering Journal of next issue. Owing to the Ballarat West election the monthly meeting of the Bungareeshire Council to have been held to-day will not take place until next Monday. On our first page will be found—News of the Day, Bungaree Chronicles, market notices, &c.; A ball will be held at the Happy Valley hall on Friday night next, 8 o’clock. Persons requiring sewing machines, any maker, are reminded that this is the last week for the. special sale prices at W. T. Stevens, Mair street. The winding-up of the Bungaree Quadrille season will be celebrated on Friday next, the 9th inst., by a social, to be held in the local Mechanics’. Fine weather prevailing, it pro mises to be a brilliant success. Dr Salmon is the honorary medical officer and Dr Gutheil honorary oculist at the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum during the current month. There are 86 boys and 59 girls in the Asylum, all well. The annual tea meeting in connection with the Windermere Presbyterian Church will be held at the Natives’ Hall, Two Bridges, on Tuesday, 13th inst. A concert will subse quently bo given by St. Andrew’s Church choir, and addresses will be delivered by several gentlemen. The superintendent of the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum desires to thankfully acknow ledge the receipt of £2 from Mr J. B. Donald son (late head teacher of the Orphan Asylum State school), in aid of the children’s prize fund; one tin of lollies from Miss Myrtle Wil son, and IS numbers of the pictorial paper, Black and White, from Mr Fallow, locomotive sheds, Ballarat East. • The weekly return of the Ballarat District Benevolent Asylum and Lying-in Hospital is as follows : Admitted during the week — Males, 6; females, 2; child, 1. Discharged during the week—Male, 1; died, 3. Remaining in _ the Asylum Males, 244; females, 78; children, 3; total, 325; including 7 females and 3 infants in maternity ward. Number of out door recipients relieved during the week — Adults, 560; children, 300; total, 860. Total of all, 1185. Honorary medical officer for the ensuing week, Dr Whitcombe; Dr Gutheil, oculist; Dr Holthouso, non-resident surgeon. 