CURRENT TOPICS. TRAVELLERS.-H-iB Honor Judge Dodds arrived from the N.W. Coast by the morning train yesterday after holding small debts courts at different centres. He proceeded to Hobalt by the express train in the afternoon. TAsrA NIAN CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR CoNvENTION.--During yesterday forenoon a considerable number of the visiting members of the Endeavour Union visited the Cataract Gorge, the fine weather giving them an opportunity for out-door enjoy ment, which they greatly appreciated. In the afternoon the Centennial made a pleasure excursion to Rosevear's for their benefit, being crowded. After arrival at that place a short meeting was held, at which the visiting Endeavourers thanked their Launceston friends for having enter tained them, and the Rev. E. Harris also gave an address on the good cf the conven tion meetings. The steamer returned to the wharf at half-past six o'clock, everyone having thoroughly appreciated the outing. CABLE CANARDS.-These would form a good subject for an amusing article if any journalist in the off season wants some thing fresh to write about. A flu;ter of the colonial dovecots in London was occa sioned by the receipt of a message a few days ago (:totes the Home News) to the: t ffect that Sir Edward Braddon had decided to give up the Tasmanian Pre micrship and return to London as the Agent.General rf the colony. " Oh ! oh," said the overwise, "he has re-appointed himself to a position which he ougtt never to have abandoned." Alas for the quid. nuncs, Sir Edward had merely taken steps to induce Sir Robert Herbeit to continue to discharge the duties of Agent- General which he undertook on Sir Edward` Braddon's retieement. Everybody would have been glad to see Sir Edward back in London-and it is considered probable that his return will not be an event of the, very remote future- though the joy would have been chastened by the supercession of Sir Robert Herbert in a post he is peculiarly fitted to fill. INTEnnRUPTs D BLIes.-The prospective pleasure of a married man, who occupies a prominent position in certain circlesin the city, and one which -hould have been of a sufficiently steadying character to have warned him (f the danger which attends those who have a fondness for indulging in ftobidden fruit, was int(lrupted on Thurs. day evening in someohat dramatic fashion. It appears 5.hst he possessed a feelng of admiration for another man's wif-, and was continually pressing his unwelcome atten tions upon her, so much so that she spoke to her husband on the matter, and re quested him to take steps to prevent her being annoyed in thb'.t fashion in future. In order to do this effectually it was ar ranged that when again asked by the gay' old dog to make an appointment she should consent to go with him, and accordingly a meeting between them was arranged, it is stated, at eight o'clock on Thursday evening at the corner of York street and St. John-street, and that she should induce the unsuspecting victim of the plot to walk up York-street, in a right- of-way cff which the husband was to wait for the pair. When they arrived at the ambush the husband duly made his appear- ance, and matters became warm, a rough- and-tumble resulting in the injured one* coming off best, who after administ ring a thrashing to the offender secured his hat and no inconsiderable portion of his coat~ which he straitway de'ivered into th, pose session of the wife of his vanquished oppo nent. What happened on the latter's arrival home may be imagined better than described, but no doubt it will be a lesson. to him and others of a like disposition not to bestow their attentions in a similar directior, even if "t'other dear charmer's: away." PLoGUE AT HoNG KoNG.-The plague is now practically conquered, and this is due to the energy and self-denial (f the British population, civil and military. Most in teresting accounts are now forthcoming both as to the nature of the scourge, its treatment, and the attitude of the Chinese in the face of an epidemic of the kind. The nature of the disease. appears ti be much the same as that which was known as the Black Death, its characteristics only being modified by surroundings and climate. It appears that for very many years certain districts of China have been slightly infected, deatLs occurring annually from it, whilst this year the disease mus tered its forces in Canton, and was carried thence to Hong Kong. Canton is reported to have numbered 100,000 victims, and Hong Kong about 3000, yet frightful as the condition of Canton was, numbers of the Chinese from Hong Kong fled thither rather than submit to the English sanitary measures, which they feared more than the plague itself. From the exodus and the plague, and the expenses connected with it, Hong Kong is practically ruined for the time being. 'This is the outcome of an ignorance and superstition which, a well- known English resident at Hong Kong points out, can best be overcome by the dissemination of medical knowledge through native medical men. There is a school of medicine in Hong Kong for Chinese students, but this cannot do the work it is quite capable of doing, and for which there are numbers of learners ready, for want of funds. For the lack of £5000 a most valuable means is ineffectual of pre venting a recurrence of the recent panic and ignorant behaviour of the population. -Hospital. LoNoGoRD.--Our correspondent write on Friday :--The annual meeting of our Horticultural Society, which was to have been held in the Foresters' Hall last night, was adjourned to Wednesday ncx', as only five persons, including the secretary, put in an appearance.-The Rev. J. T. Piercy, of Hobart (who was formerly stetioned here), accompanied by exh- blayor Hiddle stone, paid Longford a flying vis t to-day prior to their return to the capital. Inr??nrAL Cunsors UNiON.--Tle Statist (fefsr a prize of a thousand guineas for the best plan c f a Customs union between Great Britain and her colonies. The competition is open to all, and the conditions will be published early in February. In the mean tirre suggestions are invited frcm rall in terested as to what those conditions ought to be. The Statist adds that it will publish from time t) time irf~rmation bearing upon the question, and that especially it will pay attention to the restrictions im posed by existing commercial treaties both upon the United Kingdom and the colonies. In a leading article immediately following, The Statist; observes that the most impor tant political question affecting r he Empire is that of federation with the colonies, and that the chief diffoiculty in the way of federation is the obstacles interposed by the varying tariff policies of the mother country and so many of thecolonies. Inthe hope of bringing the question out of the region of vague, abstract discussion into that of practical politics, and of thereby securing a workable plan, The Statist offers a prize large enough to compensate public men for the devotion ef tbeir time and thoughts to the subject. The Statist says that the question is r f as much importance to the colonies as to the .nother country, as it would give a guarar tee of the main. tenance of general peace. India is, per haps, hardly advanced enough to take a place in a fecderation; but she would natur ally occupy an important position in a Customs Union, and her connection with the empire would be strcngthered by what would so greatly increase her material well being. But the first and most urgent matter is a settlement with the colonies. In the Eritish islands there is not room for such a vast increase of population as is certain to take place in the United States and Russia; but the colonies afford space for indefinite expansion. Without a? federation, then, the people of the United Kingdom cannot hope to hold their owur amonest the nations, but with a federation they would grow and multiply indefinitely, and would be able to exercise in the future the beneficial influence upon the world's development which they now exert. ELECTOBAL ACT, 1890.-Notice is given that all persons eLtitled to vote in the election of members of Parliament whose names are not yet upon the electoral roll now in force for the electoral district in respect of which they claim to vote, or who, being upon such roll, do not retain the same qualification or continue in the same place of abode as described in such roll, or who claim to be entitled to vote in respect of an income, salary, or wages qualfica- tion, and who are desirous to have their names inserted in the electoral roll about t. be made for such district, are required to forward to the returning ffilcer of the electoral district in respect to which they claim to vote, on or bef:,re 24th prox., a notice in writing to that effect. RATES.—Defaulting ratepayers are re- minded that unless their rates are paid at once summonses will be issued against them. DUNNreG's.--It will be seen by adver- tisement in to-day's issue that Dunning's realisation sale is still in continuance. Forty one cases of goods have been opened during the week, and it is stated they will be sold at exceedingly cheap rates. SACRED CONCERT.— The Garrison Band will perform in the City Park to-morrow evening, when the following pieces will be included in the programme:—Hymn, "' Rock of Ages," the music of which is by Mr R. A. Nicholas, of St. John-street, and is considered as a clever re-setting of this good old hymn; Donizett.'e "Linda di Chamounix," " La Croix di Genive," and "It Lombardi." TAMAR STREET CHURCH.—The fifty eighth anniversary of the Tamar- street Sunday school will be celebrated to-morrow week in the Albert Hall. The Rev. J. G. Wright will preach morning and evening. DELORAINE IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION. —A special meeting of the committee was held on Wednesday in the Town Hall (states our correspondent), when there were present- Messrs C. J. L. Smith (chairman), J. Best, M.fl.A., J. Gralham, A. L. Douglas, H. Freeman, C. Henry, H. H. Wragg ; and the hen. secretary (R. W. M Gowan). Mr Smith was appoir.td permanent chairman of committees. The hon. secretary reported that he had re ceived an offer fhom Messrs Scott and Din- ham to mark the track via Turner's to the Lake Country for the sum of £3. Mr Freeman proposed, and Mr Henry seconded, that the secretary be empowered to accept the offer.--Carried. Mr Best read a tele- gram he had received in reference to the Government subsidy, intimating that the association's claim would be considered on the return of the Minister to Hobart. The secretary reported thet several of the tree guards on West Parade, which were damaged and removed by the late flood, had been replaced; also that he had re- ceived subscriptions to the amount of £12 1s, besides several promises from gentle- men who had been elected vice- presidents. The appointment of an executive committee was postponed, owing to the small atten dance, until next meeting. Avote of thanks to the chair terminated the meeting. NusarNa AssocSATSoN. - The monthly meeting of the Launceston District Nurs ing Association was held at the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday, when there were present-Mr W. Barnes (chairman), Mrs J. Barclay, Mrs T. H. Flexman, Messrs Holmes, J. Stephenson, and H. Weedon, and the secretary. An apology for non attendance was received from Miss Milne. The nurse's report showed that she had paid 471 visits in the four weeks ending October 13, and that the sick of all ages and very various ailments had received her ministrations. She would be glad to know of any persons who would be willing to supply comforts to the sick. The following contributions received by patients during the last month are thank fully acknowledged :-Milk and wood from Mrs Allom, food from Mrs Olsen, boots from Dr. Gutteridge. A HosPITABLE HoSE.--The visit of the members for the district to the township of Lilydale on Wednesday last was the occasion of a display of hospitality on the part of a well-known local resident as appreciated by the visitors as it was un expectel. The party, consisting cf the bon. H. I. Rooke, M.L.C., Messrs W. G. Barker and John Tynan, and two press represen tatives, drove from town, Mr F. Archer, M1.H.A., travelling by rail. On arrival st the township Mr G. Sulzberger met the travellers, and extended to them a warm welcome, accompanied by an invit.tion to his residence, which was at once accepted. It should be slated that Lilydale holds a somewhat unique pcsition among the country townships, inasmuch as at the present time it has no house of sccommoda tion, thehoteljust now not having a tenant, so that private hospitality was all the more welcome. The visitors were soon sitting down to a substantial and enjoyab!e tea, every want being catered for by Mrs Sulz berger, who proved a most admirable hostese. After the meeting :was over the Sparty again adjourned to Mr Sulzberger's, and when glasses had been charged Mr Tynan rose, and in a few suitable remarks thanked the host and hostess for their hospitality, and wished them long life and prosperity, sentime.ts which were heartily endorsed by all the visitors. As soon as the mcon rose a start was made for Launceston, which was reached soon after half-past twelve, every one of the party Sxpressing their appreciati n of the recep tion they had met with at Lilydale. ACOIDENT.-An accident, happily of a trivial character, happened yesterday morning to a boy named Anderson, a scholar at the Charles- street state school, and a son of the manager of the Tasmanian Soap and Candle Company. The little fellow was playing in the school-yard, when he collided with a fellow scholar, and fell with sufficiert force and in such a manner as to injure his ankle. He was removed home, but with a day or two's rest will no doubt soon be about again. SOMERnsET. -Our own corresnondent writes under date 18th inst.:-A bazaar was held yesterday in the drill hall here in aid ef the fund for enlarging the Anglican church building, which proved to be mot successful, the proceeds far surpassing the highest antici pations of those interested. The stall,which were prettily draped and decorated with ferns and flowers, were loaded with a great number of fancy and useful articles, which weth clff well during the afternoon and evening, the takings realising over £50. There was a vegetable and refreshment atall also, meat and poultry being sold in addition. A portion of the hall was curtained off to form a private refreshment room, where an ample tea was provided. Another corner was curtained off for electrical experiments, over which the Rev. Mr Fielding presided (assisted by Mr Beddome), showing the working rf the electric light and giving galvaniic shocks. Another portion was set apart asq a Ash. popi, which canU R inb erriment mong the young folks. The whole affair was most satisfactory, and the weather all that could be desired. The stalls were presided over by the Mesdames Fielding, Cooper, Gilmore, Sperschneider, and Old, and the Misses Cooper, Old, Sperschneider, Shekel. I ton, Briggs, Boskell, Hunt, and Wragg ; Messrs Gilmour, Beddome, Holmes, E. t Cooper, and R. Old also gave great assis tance. As it is the first bazaar held at Somerset it is most gratifying to those interested to know that t has proved such an unbounded success. A great number of goods are still left on band, and it is pro posed to mark them at lower prices and hold I another sale on Saturday evening next to t clear them (ff.-We have had lovely spring c weather the last few days, and everything looks flourishing. The farmers are busy ploughing and clearing the ground, and their crols are putting on their moobt gorgeous array of beauty. I believe, how- ever, that some few have that fearful farmer's pert, the take-all. The creamery is doing a good business, and the milk supply increasing daily. BAD RoADs.-Sereral complaints have been made of late to Mr R. Armstrong, superintendent cf the Selby police, by the We: t Tam ir Road Trust, with regard to a number of wood carters destroying the table drains on the Ecchs'on road. Mr Armstrong It once instructed Constable Leslie, stationed at Rosevear'", to keep a watch, and on the 8th inst. the constable caught five wo:dcarters drawing their carts across and along these drains and summoned all of them. They appeared at the City Police Court yesterday morning and pleaded guilty, but stated they had to take their horses and carts across the drains owing to the very bad state of the road, it being impossible to get along it. Their statements to this lff<ct were corro- borated by Constable Leslie, and Mr Arm- strong withdrew the charges against them. He is now in communication with the West Tamar Road Trust regarding the state of the roads and the way in which the drains were damaged. SPRINGFIELD.— Our correspondent writes: — During the winter months the residents of this district have organised and success- fully carried out a series of concerts for the laudable object of reducing the debt on the new Funday school building recently erected by members of the Anglican church. Although the weather was in- clement, there was a good hcuse on Tues- day last, when an entertainment (the last for the season) was given in the state school-room, presided over by Rev. G. A. Breguet; proceeds, £4 12s 8d. The pro- gramme consisted of instrumental pieces by Misses Webb, Miss Tullock, Mrs Waller, and Messrs Heazlewood; songs, Misses Salier, Roberts (2), Tullock, Hughes, Messrs Linton, Salisbury, Amos, Dunkley, and Cherry ; readings by Mrs Salier and Mr Clay tin; an amusing dialogue, "How to cure a tramp," by the Misses Rear" don, Webb, and Mesers D. Cherry, Gabey, C. Heazlewood, and R. Tullock. To vary the programme three tableaux were given. 1. "Three Fair Maids of Le-," Misses Roberts (2) and W. Salier ; lovers, Messrs Rcokway, Ladbury, and Roberts. 2. "Three Old Maids of Lee," Misses Falier and Roberts (2). 3. "A Miliary Attach," Mrs C. Hookway and Messrs Bostock and Ladbury. rThe tableaux being a novelty caused much amusement, and were highly appreciated. Mrs Waller and Miss Salier acted as accompanists through the evening. The ert stanmment over, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mrs Murray for the use of her piano, also to the concert committee, Mrs Waller, Miss Salier, and Mr Bostock. A coffee supper provided by the ladies brought an enjoyable evening to a close. A cake fair and juvenile exhibition, etc., is to be held in December for the came purpose. SHEFFIELD.--Our own correspondent writes under date 18th inst.:--On Wednes- day evening in the Wesleyan Church Rev. Dr. Brown gave a very interesting and stirring address on the South Sea missions. The church was packed. The meeting was opened by a hymn, and aprayer was offered up by Rev. J. W. Edwards, after which he introduced Dr. Brown to the audience. In his address the doctor pointed out that Fiji boasted of one of the largest Methodist circu ts in the world, and missionary work had only been commenced there in 1835. In 1893 New Guinea sent out £385 for the mission work, and the lecturer urged the Christian Church to strive to do more in missionary work for the future than they had done in the past. The missionary society was at the present about £4000 in debt, and unless the Christian churches did more to help some of the missions could not be carried out. Assisted by a magic lantern the lecturer showed pictures of the natives in their everyday life, Tongan, Samoan, and New Guinea. A collection was taken up. A GOOD BILL OF FARE.— Lovers of a really attractive programme should have their taste in this direction gratified by a visit to the Academy of Music on Tues- day evening, when the farewell dramatic and musical entertainment to Herr and Madame Siebert is to take place. The contributions will comprise the balcony scene from "Romeo and Juliet," and the ghort scenes from " Hamlet," with appro- priate dresses, scenery, and music. In the concert Mr Ferguson is down for the " Bedouin's Love Song," one ef the finest of modern musical compositions. Mr R. A. M'Eachern and Miss Ida Cox are also to appear, and Mr Savigny will introduce a couple of new humorous songs recently out from London. Mr Balfe will recite Byron's "Field of Waterloo," and the incidental battle music will be played during the course of the recital by the full orchestra. Mrs O. Balfe will appear in the balcony scene as Juliet, and Mr Hammond as Romeo. In the ghost scenes Mr Balfe is to enact Hamlet, and Mr Hammond the ghost, and Mrs Balfe Queen Gertrude. The box plan is now open at Messrs A. W. Birchall and Sons'. COUNSEL AND THE BENCH.—During the hearingof a case at the police court yester- day, in which a woman was charged with keeping a disorderly house, an incident closely approaching a scene took place between Mr G. Crosby Gilmore, counsel for the defendant, and the Police Magis- trate. Counsel asked a witness (a consta- ble) whether he had heard any complaints as to the conduct of the house in question, and when he answered in the affirmative requested him, in order to test his credi- bility, to give the names of some of those who had complained. The constable naturally declined to answer, and appealed to the bench for protection, the P.M. not insisting on the witness answering if he preferred not to do so. Mr Gilmore then quoted Roscoe in favour of his contention that the question he had put was allowable, and should be answered, but Mr Whitfeld still adhered to his previous decision, which drew from counsel the caustic remark that his Honor had better write a law book of his own. No doubt, on reflection, Mr Gilmore would regard his sarcasm as a "thing one would rather have left unsaid," as, to say the least, it was wanting in that respect which, however opinions may differ in points of law, should always be accorded by counsel to the bench. HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.—A members' meeting of the Launceston Horticultural Society was held at the lecture room of the Mechanics' Institute last evening, and was well attended. The principal feature of the meeting was the reading of a paper on the " codlin moth" by Mr G. W. Waterhouse, who has always taken a lively interest in the progress of the society and studied the habits of the moth and the blight in flowers and fruit, with a view to the eradication of the pests which afflict orchardists, gardeners, and floriculturists. Messrs Thos. Carr, F. Walker, A. Simson, and E. Whitfeld took part in a discussion upon the grape, and the opinions expressed were most interesting and instruc- tive. With regard to the floral dis- play, Mr T. Totterdell gained first prize for an excellent display of tulips. Mrs F. Littler exhibited a beautiful basket of devoniensis and a collection of native laurel. Mr T. Carr exhibited a collection of wild flowers, and Mr A. Bek a gathering of lilies of the valley. A very fine lot of rhododendrons was exhibited by Messrs M'Lennan and Sons, and Mr A. Simson had a nice collection of garden flowers. Mr R. Church displayed some very fine specimens of St. Brigid anemones. A vote of thanks to Mr Waterhouse for his interesting and instructive paper concluded the meeting. 