a ir 0 a n a ® n a u . Mora dead than alive — Heroes. Heavy parcel — A man wrapped up in his own importance. . Such Ingenuousness ! — Young Au- thor : Don t you like to see yourself in print ? Debutante : No ; 1 prefer silk. Men may not care much for public opinion, but when they start dye ing we hear they like to keep it dark. Timmins : Cun your daughter play the piano ? .Robins, wearily , I don't know whether she can or not, but she does. Another revelation. — Judge : Why do you swear this letter was written by a woman ? Expert : I can't find the second page. Hicks : Smeddle always speaks well of everybody. Wicks : Mere matter of habit. He worked at cutting out tombstone epitaphs for several years. Hardup tells me he never destroys a receipted bill. No: he's more likely to have them framed and hung up in his parlour as curiosities. And do you really believe all this, asked some one of a woman who had been telling ghost stories. Indeed I do she replied ; and I'm not an imaginary woman either. I'm sure we shall be on good terms, said the man who had just moved into a. neighbourhood to the corner grocer. No doubt of it, sir ; especially, he added as an afterthought, as the terms are cash. The old man Humph ! When I was your age I didn't wear kid gloves and carry a cane. Algy, in an injured tone : Well, father, I should think you'd ex pect to find some improvement in the family since that time. Artist : I am sorry you insist upon a portrait in water-colonrs . I could do no greater justice in oil. Patron : I must insist upon a water-colour. I come of a long line of teetotallers and am a local- veto man myself. A : I was at a spiritualistic seance. B : Were any spirits exhibited ? A' : There were. I exhibited a spirit of investigation ; the faithful exhibited a spirit of resentment ; and that's what's the matter with my eye. Jeweller : I have shown you all the rings that I have suitable for a daugh ter 12 years old. Lady Customer: Well, I have changed my mind now. I'think I'll wait until she's 15. Jew eller : All right, madam. Take a chair. Yes, said a venerable and benevolent- looking old man. I've already really enjoyed living in an unhealthy climate. That's queer, said a bystander. What's the reason ? I rather think, respond ed the venerable and benevolent-look ing old gentlement, that it's because I'm a physician. A rather penurious lady of title made her daughter-in-law last year a present of a handsome dress on her birthday. This year, on the Bame day, she said, my darling, this is your birthday. Last year I gave you a dress ; and this year I will give you the money to pay for it. Here is the bill and a cheque. 