THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. Mr. Shiels is to be pitied. When a man knows a number of good stories that he is positively itching to tell, it is hard that he should be shackled by such paltry considera- tions as the appropriateness of the occasion or of the feelings of his audience, and Mr. Shiels probably knows more old "chestnuts" than any man on the face of the globe. He is indeed a kind of walking Joe Miller—a human receptacle for all sorts of stale jokes hackneyed quotations, bad puns, out-of-date impromptus, literary rubbish generally, and if he could only he neatly bound in half-calf, with an alphabetical index and a glossary of terms or syndicated on the penny-in-the-slot principle, a fortune would reward the enterprising promoter. And to expect an individual so gifted to refrain from enlivening his address by a few selections from this abundance, absurd! As well ask the earth to cease its revolution, or Mr. Tren- with to abjure the doctrine that protection cheapens prices. Bimetallism is at best a dry subject, and it was not unpleasant, amid the wilderness of figures, to recognise now and then some wit- ticism of the post- Pliocene period—a pale ghost wandering aimlessly through chaos. One can fancy the hon. gentleman in the solitude of his study con- cocting his lecture, and deciding to open with the allusion to the lady who stopped away to spare her blushes, because she thought that bimetallism was one of the clauses in the Divorce Act. "That," Mr. Shiels probably thought, "that will make them laugh consumedly and put them in a good humour to begin with. Then as the Archbishop of Melbourne is to be on the platform we must have some real good theological stories to please the clergy. Here's this one, not older than Henry III., brand new in fact"—and doubtless in imagination he already saw the vast audience holding their sides with laughter, and best of all Mr. Downes Carter sitting in desolation of spirit at this proof that a newer and still more original humourist had come to the front. Alas for the fallacy of human hopes! The stones went off all right, but the laughter somehow was not forthcoming. The only result has been a crop of newspaper letters, and the main object of the lecture, that of advocating bi- metallism, has been completely overshadowed in the public mind. In a singularly dull week one owes a debt of gratitude to Professor Laurie for re- animating the dry bones, or would it be better to say re-distilling the spiritual essence of our charming friend "Little Josephine." This young lady was lately deduced from the unseen world in the pre- sence of a few devout members of the Society for Psychical Research. The circle were not permitted to gaze directly at the spirit visi- tant, but a glance from the tail of the eye showed a faint and phosphoretic resemblance to a human face and a cloud of luminous drapery. Her voice had a striking likeness in tone to that of the medium, but it was ex- plained that she was compelled to use the medium's voice because her own was not sufficiently materialised—a sort of psychical diphtheria, in fact. Finally she vanished, having behind her nothing but a lock of her hair. The question is, where has Little Josephine gone? There are many wonderful things we know, In the heavens above and the earth below; But the greatest miracle ever seen Was the disappearance of Josephine. Josephine's soul, as we understand,, Dwelt in the mystical spirit land But her bodily presence lodged by day With a Mrs. MacShane down Richmond way. At night when the lamps of Heaven were lit, To the spirit world she was wont to flit; By day, when the whirl of life began, She haggled for pence with the rabbit man. And the Psychical Spook Society Heard of this wonderful mystery; Called at her humble home, though—well, The neighbourhood wasn't respectable. "Oh Josephine, with your eyes of blue, We are all of us awfully gone on you. Take us with you to the world unseen"— "My blooming troubles," says Josephine. But sad to say, when her friends had gone She put a duplicate costume on And under her skirts voluminous She slipped a bottle of phosphorus. "Search me, please as a start," she said. The courteous president shook his head; "We trust to your honour, ma'am; and then Most of the members are married men." Then the tables turned and the lights burned blue, There was the devil's own how-dye-do, While a gibbering ghost remarked, "Ha! Ha! I'm Willlam Shakespeare—How's your ma?" Loudly the wondering chairman cries, "Josephine, please materialise"; And the spirit replied, "Turn out the gas And shut your eyes and you'll see me pass." Silence and fear and a dreadful gloom, Ten Psychists left in an empty room; Where has she gone, did anyone note, And where is the president's overcoat? And where is the cash that the members all Left in their waterproofs in the hall? Murmurs a voice from the world unseen, "Gone on the razzle with Josephine." At the next general election the slogan of the Typographical Society is to be "Vic- torian school books for Victorian children," and the credit of giving the first impetus to the new industry must go to Mr. J. Hancock. All school books must be printed in the colony and much-needed employment will thus be found, not only for the printers, but also for the literary men who are to con- secrate their talents to the noble work of instructing the little ones. That is a soul- stirring prospect. I have before me in my mind's eye a picture of the literary man according to a once popular idea, a man with whom Mr. Frank Duffy would be afraid to be seen walking down the street, a man who cannot cross a "t" with out a whisky and soda or begin a new sentence without lighting ti fresh cigar. That is the sort of man whom Mr. Baker will seek for diligently, and having saved £24,000 this year by the dismissal of the married lady teachers he will be in a position to offer the husky genius something like a fair remunera- tion for writing a series of manuals which will be thoroughly Victorian in tone and treatment. In a country where the principles of the Crédit Foncier and the Mont de Piétée are so thoroughly appreciated the author of the new series will be able to dispense with a French phrase-book as unnecessary and de- vote himself at once to the production of a handy volume on "Arithmetic from a Vic- torian Standpoint." It will be necessary in this compilation to discard entirely the dry- as-dust methods followed out in the slow- going countries of the old world. In a system of arithmetic designed for Victorian learners the first of the four rules is of course subtrac- tion, and due prominence will be given to a process which is in such general use. The principles of subtraction adapted for the use of reconstructing bankers, promoters of salted gold-mining com- panies, high-tariff financial enthusiasts and other practitioners in the transfer of personal property will form by far the larger and more important part of the book. Addition will, no doubt, be treated in a separate chapter dealing with the debt per head of the popu- lation, and an appendix on calls will be the best place for illustrating the rule of multipli- cation. Division may be omitted altogether, because since the cessation of dividiends there has been no need for it. A First Victorian Reader, consisting of stories from the lives of Victorian politicians, will supply the children with some really interesting reading matter. The book will be for the use of children of all denominations, and as the Catholics have a right to be consulted the name of Mr Shiels will, no doubt, be care- fully eliminated after publication whenever it occurs. "Down with the coal importers, up with the price of coal." These are the senti- ments that send a chilly shiver down one's backbone now that charitable appeals on every hand indicate that midwinter is upon us. The typical coal importer, according to the prevailing impression, is the model from whom Mr. Watts painted his celebrated picture of "Mammon," an obese person with no soul but enormous feet, which he de- lights in planting on the necks of the young and innocent. But the coal importer of popular fancy is quite unlike his prototype in real life, although it is only to people who are not absorbed in their own axe- grinding that the difference is apparent. The genuine coal importer is principally distinguished by the fact that he sells coal about 3s. per ton cheaper than anyone else, and manages in spite of that fact to find employment for a very large number of men. The City Council, of course, being, like a certain famous personage, in pos- session of the bag which is full of other people's money, find no difficulty in incurring the extra expenditure, although the Government have managed to adhere to ordinary business principles. It was a mem- ber of some city council, I fancy, who made that celebrated reply to the morning saluta- tion of his clerk "Nasty raw morning, sir," remarked Scratchem, pausing as he posted his ledger. "Yes, Scratchem. Yes, it is indeed miserably cold. Put another shilling a ton on the price of our coal, Scratchem, and God help the poor." There is a certain grim humour in the latest story from the Western Australian goldfields. Typhoid fever broke out at the Murchison so badly that the three doctors were down with it at the same time. It was found im- possible to bury the daily victims in the alluvial soil on account of the danger of polluting the water supply, so that an im- promptu cemetery had to be formed by scraping out graves in the stony face of the nearest range. Finally, wood for coffins ran short, and the only resource was to make a levy on the hotels and stores, and knock np shells from old packing cases. In the pres- sure of this ghastly business there was seldom time to paint the wood, or even to remove the original stencil marks, and one day a mournful cortège passed through the town bearing to their last resting place the remains of a departed miner, whose coffin bore in bold, black letters the simple legend, "Keep cool." "The whale which has been in the bay for some days past was lost near the Heads last night, and went out with the tide."—News Item. 'Twas only a flip of a furious tail, 'Twas only a feeble strand, And they gazed dismayed at a joyous whale, As he broke with a whisk from his moorings frail, And stood well out with the following gale That was blowing off from the land. The boatmen gave him some good advice, They blessed him body and soul. But the humpback passed out of sight in a trice, And left them mournfully counting the price, As he laid his course for the wall of ice That girdles the Southern Pole. He carried a buoy to the line made fast Of the iron fixed in his flank low down. And the years went by and the seasons passed, And a scientist got to the Pole at last And picked up the buoy and stared aghast At the legend, "Williamstown." But where is the humpback? Does he swim Where the floating bergs and the icepacks part Far south on the utmost verge's rim? Lady, your pitying eyes are dim; Yet you've managed to get a piece of him, And you wear it next your heart. It is positively appalling to reflect how absolutely hidebound in their conservative notions the members of the medical pro- fession are. Here we have Mr. James Lamsey prohibited from dispensing drugs under the sanction of the Pharmacy Board simply because he doesn't know any Latin and has never learned any English. The ordinary Chinese practitioneer has no use for Shakespearian quotations or Ciceronian idioms. He adopts the simple method of disregarding the out- ward symptoms of disease, which any unen- lightened person could notice and devoting himself to treating complaints which would remain for ever undiscovered by the Euro- pean physician. I have collected a few of the most trustworthy Chinese prescriptions lately. For acute neuralgia an excel- lent remedy is to kill a mouse, and bury it in the back garden, while for bilious headache the foot of a toad stewed with dandelion leaves is generally considered a specific. A Chinese gardener out Bruns- wick way had his skull fractured with a tomahawk one day, and sent in to Melbourne for medical advice. His family doctor sent him out a draught made by boiling down a cat's liver in water from the Reilly-street drain, and the patient speedily recovered. In the face of facts like this what is the good of the Pharmacy Board inculcating the study of Latin? 