TUB McNEILL AND BUliKE MISSION. Pirie-street Wesleyan Church wu orowded io its utmott capacity with every class and »ndition of men and women between I utd 2 o'olook on Friday, wben tbe Kev. John MoNoill held his lwt meet ing for business men. More hearty sing ing bu never boon heard in the Cathe dral Church of Mothodiira in this colony than that which accompanied 'Shall we Rather at the river' by tbe vast congregation. While tbe collection boxes were going round Mr. MoNeill hoped the congregation on Sunday evening would give a collection worthy of themselves, of God, and the Y.M.C.A. Mr. Atbby, Secretary of tbe Y.M.C.A., be observed, bad worked like a Trojan during tbe mission. After Mr. Burke bad tent his thrilling silvery tonod voice through the Church ?ing- ing ' Oh, Uvxjk of ages !' to a tune not familiar toinauy i-hurub^oert here, the ' Scottish Spur geon' delivered hinuelf of ao eloquent and powerful addresa bated on Mark ii.— tbe story of tbe man in Capernaum sick of the palsy, aud of the amazement created by tbe l'hari sees when Christ forgave the man's sins. Jesus in the power of bit preached Gospel was the explanation of tbe phenomenal and great revival in those days in Capernaum. le wanted to see Capernaum up to dato in Adelaide. We bad it if we only cnew it. ' Jesus has to be got back to-day. Wherever a peddling little priwt tries to appear in the old functional sacrifices, uk the poor Rjd Van V/mklB what nVWL- it ». Laughter.) The old priosts are abolished. We are all common believers belonging to a new spiritual priesthood, but thero is only one priest now— tbe Great High Trent within the veil We are all servants.' ' No theme under heaven but religion could bring thousands to this midday meeting, and tbe lut day the biggest' be said. 'You could not do it with politics, with science, with literature, with deep drainage schemes, and social questions. ' He ipoke with autho rity, for at Chicago, at the time of the World's Fair, when streams of godless from all over tbe world wero added to the godless of that great ci'.y, Mr. Moody, Mr. Burke, himself, and thodc with thorn took tho theatres which would not draw, 'and packed theatre after theatre with Jesus Christ and his preaching every day from week's end to week's end.' A* a; Cn|mrnauni, wben the people crammed, crushed, and crowded to hear Uhrint, there wa* room, 'so there is always all tbe world over room for another and another to lie all his length at tbe f«»t of Jesus.' The four who carried the man sick with the palny un mistakably manifested tbeir love. 'They were tbe fouudt-rs of the Christian Endeavour movement.' (Laughter and applause.) 'Get rid of daintineM, of over- refinement' wu an admonition tu ministers and leligioui teacher*. '? Love, the love of Christ it responsible for the enthusiasm of humanity. In some lips it is tbetnost contemptible drivel I bare ever lis tened to.' (Laughter.) ' The Lord save us from the ourse of mere literary intellectual olevernesj. I hear men speak of the «rger hope. There is no such hope. The larger hope is the widening of bell's mouth, which is too wide already.' ' Accept then,' be pleaded, with all his force and power, 'the full and free eternal ealvation by re ceiving God's own gracious word. Receive it, rest on it, live on is, die on it.' The throng in tbe Jubilee Hall on Friday evening, #b«n tbe Kev. John McNeill again addreeefd tho public, all being welcome with out entrance-fee, was unmiatakable testimony to the groat popularity of tbe world-ronowncd erangeliat. Tho yea of head* in the Exhibition Building wu indssd a spectacle rarely witnessed m thu city. No preacher hu ever been h creator draw in Adelaide than tbe emiuont exponent of the gospel who hu now beeu a week amongst us. It seems the longer be remains the greater the crowds who flock to hear him and Mr. Burke, the gifted eoloiat, whoio with him in the mievion. A goodly company of ministers of all creed*, members of the LuRUlature, young and old in every walk of live, wore there on Friday. Evory seat on floor and in galleries wm occupied, aud hundred* had to at aud. Mr. Burke aud the choir tilled up the time in the earlier part of tho in* etiujr, auil when all the buitle and stir to find a pi nee in the spaoioui building had ceased Mr. MoNoill rose and talked without break for over an hour to a congregation «n still 4.Qtl attentive— except when tbe preaohcr aroused tbeir risible faculties— u no man, except be poszeued tbe power of eloquence, dramatic force, and aotion of Mr. AloN'eill, could bold them. ' The lut nngof the gotpel bell in the Bible,' u be donignated it, found in Hovelatious xxii. 17— 'And theSpiritandthe bride say Come. And let him that heareth say Come. And let him that is athirst Come. And whosoover will, let him take the water of life freely,' formed tho subject ot Mr. MoNeill's discourse. 'Lei some of you dainty people,' shouted the preacher, 'not be afraid to touch tvaagelbtio work, for it has been dignified tor over by the Holy Ghost. I am only tbe worker, and proolaim the truth through human lips. Tho li'jly Ghost, tbe great evangelint, does the work of saving sonls. There i* a strong spirit amongst people liketbi«,'bewentontoreinark— 'Theysay'We cannot came to Jesus oi ourselves, for tbe Bible says we aro dark and dead ; it i» only the Holy Spirit can enable u* to come.' Then tbe devil bu got you to believe that tbe Holy Spirit is no: in any great hurry to enable you, particular wnnor, to come. Why, that is tho devil'd rovited version. Tho Holy Spirit is waiting for you. You simply dr»w the kuife aoross your own throat when you reject present meroy.' This ipiritualism wss not any muttenogs, or tapptngi, or table-turnings or rapping*. ' Never allow tbe devil to du tie yon into biting a spiritualist. I mean in the ordinary acceptation of the term. You who allow younolf to be taken into a dark room to get light. (Laughter.) Ob, yon fool, be ashamed of yourself! Yon will get light on spiritualism tbe moment you turn up tbe gas.' (Laughter.) But tbe bride with come, the bride representing tb« whole company of living souls saved from sin by grace and mercy Divine. 'I am here,' said the evangelist, ' to represent not only the nnteen, eternal, glorious background of all preaching, the patient, oenetrating, soul awakening ministry of tho Holy Ghost, but I am hero to represent yon on tbe human side'* ''Don't let the deril dupe you about the divuiona among Christian*. ' Some of you men make a kind of coward * cjstloout of these divisions, and you creep into that outle to save your lazy soul the trouble of having to make up iU own mind.' (Lnugbtor.) But thero was agreement among all Christians on the point of his text— 'Come to Jesus.' (Applause.) 'First come, and then if you don't like it you can be an infidel, or that milk-and-watersortof individual tho agnostic.' But no one wonld be an infidel if he came aright. No excitement was required. 'Don't wub yourself,' he said, ' in your own muddy tears or scrape yourselves in your own resolu tions.' ' A f tar the spirital uniou to Jems all the fine feelings came ; it is impossible that they oan bo there before. You must vomo u you are; yon can't corneas you nmn't, can you?' (Lvighur.) When Mr. McNwIlhad concluded tbe whole congregation bowed their heads in prayer, and the complete unbroken silence which retcaed was characteristic of the obedienoe of tbe audience to the preacher's command. 