JEROBOAM AND HIS IDOLS. The following address was delivered by the Rev. A. Hodge in the Congregational Church, Kadina, on Sunday la»t:— " I was glad when they said unto me Let us go unto the house of the Lord. Our feet shall stand within thy gates, O Jerusalem." Psalms 122, 1 and 2. " It is too much for yon to go up to Jerusalem, behold thy gods, O Israel."—1 Kings 12, 28. " United we stand, divided we fail" is the motto of to-day and an index to the spirit of the time. Unity is strength, we know. Unity ought to be a blessing but two questions should always be asked : What is the bond of uniou P and what the motive for unity ? Men hare bound themselves together by the bond9 o? wickedness in the common cause of con struction, examples of which we get in the operations of the Anarchist* in the old countries to-day. Men have bound themselves together by the bonds of love in Christ for the common cause of the people's salvation, and never in. the history of union has there been a tie so sacred as this one, or unity so blessed as that of the disciples of our Lord. Evil forces, however, have ever been at work to separate the good from each other and from the Christ and eo history tells the j sad story of presecution and of instances where the wicked one has risen up and has succeeded in separating God's people from him, as is instanced by our second text. These two texts teach us in the first place to look upon God's Israel as united together by the bond of their religion, worshipping in unity at His ■ Holy Temple and then in the second place to see the great separatist at work seeking to bnrst their bonds asunder. The Unity of the People of God.—The gathering of the tribes thrice a year ; Jerusalem the centre of attraotion; they loved the temple there ; it was a mark of the people's industry and skill; of tbeir deep religious sentiment; a link which bound the centuries of history together aod made the past and present real and near. These gatherings were marked with great joy. " I was glad when they said unto me, let us go up into the house of the Lord." Bat the great Spirit of Separatism was at work among them. The people were gradually weaned from their '"rod and baptized into wickedness until the time was ripe for the declaration of Jeroboam, expressed in our second text: " It is too much for you to go op to Jerusalem, these be thy gods, O Israel." As a result we are face to face with a real story of the downfall of God's people, overcome by the force that has ever been at work to separate them from Him. This Force at Work To-day.—It is a force that ever liveth and worketh, and is present - to-day and while we with joy unite and are glad to worship in His Holy Temple, the devil by tha mouth of many modern Jeroboams call: It is too mnob for you to go up to Jerusalem, these be thy gods, O Israel. Why fetter yonrselves with bonds of religion ? Why suffer discipline in any shape or form? Be free 1 be free ! These be tliy gods Many have listened and have been weaned away from the service of the temple, but as sure as trouble and final dissolution followed the people of Israel, who turned their faces from the temple at Jerusalem and worshipped the gods at home. So surely will be the fate of every nation and individual who will be wooed by the tempter making golden calves aod crying, " These be thy Gods." We will clo«e by asking where do we see the seoaratist at work to-day. 1. In the spirit of agnoB ticisra. 2. In the growing society of spiritists, who would give us dead men's ghosts to worship. 3. In the fierce and destructive power of Anarchism. 4. In the spirit of gambling. Perhaps there is not a modern Jerohoam that our young men need beware of more than this one. The tempter is most powerful. The facination of a chance—it is terrible. It weans from sober and industrious habits. It fills the heart with a restless discon tented spirit, The mind is occupied all day long in planning and scheming to find out the " know." The noble sports that should furnish recreation for ue, such even as horse racing, is utterly and absolutely demorilized by this foul spirit, and has become a pastime that no young man should indulge in at any cost. The great want of our young men to-day is g bold front toward the pure one right. A noble spirit of Godly enthusiam to donn with gambling in every shape and form. A man that pockets a shilling that has been gotten by a game of chance, and necessitates the loss of it by another, is at once a coward and a pilferer. Young men be warned against this modern separatist in the shape of gambling that would "wean you from tbe paths of purity and justice, of industry and thrift. 5. In the terrible spirit of competition. Our business men hare now to enter into the spirit or put up the shutters. The com petitive spirit is ruining the spiritual standard of our commercial men, inas much as the evil custom is absolutely forced upon them. It results in vast monopolies that ruin our national ape, inasmuch as the whole machinery is thrown out of geer, and hundreds and thousands of men and women are robbed of the opportunity to work, and are like stars out of their orbit. It endangers the nation's physical health and stamina, inasmuch as it results in tbe world - wide distribution and con sumption of adulterated goods we pay little money and think ourselve* fortunate, but " we spend our money for that which is not bread, aud our labour that satisfieth not." Our small em ployers instead of getting oqr blame deserve our sympathy—the cry of cheaper goods dings in their ears until they are distracted. It is a foe they have to fight—the cheaper the goods the greater the capital needed, and only those that have the necessary can straggle along by much careful navigation, while the rest go to the wall. It is difficult to stand to day bntnot impossible—difficulties should be tbe glory of God's people—*God gave difficulties for strong men to overcome. We can still be true to Jerusalem and heed not tbe luring call of Jeroboam. Let as pray God to give us grace and conrge to down with Jeroboam, and 8$and with Joshua saying " As for me and my house we will serve the Lord." A bet by a celebrated gambler, nearly a century ago, deserves to be recorded for' its singularity. After a run of ill luck with Lord Lome, be jumped op suddenly, and, seizing a large china punch-bowl that stood near, said, addressing his lordship," For once, I'll have a bet where I have an equal share of winning. Odd j or even for fifteen thousand guineas?" " Odd," replied the peer, with the utmost composure. Dash went the 'punch-bowl against the wall, and the pieces being counted,. unfortunately for the young hero of the experiment there proved to be an odd one, and he was a rained man. A French paper relates that, many; years ago, Victor Hugo, when about to make the jbarney through Germany which inspired hia took, " The Rhine," called at the passport .office, when the, following eon venation took place with the clerk: " Tour name, if yoa plpose ?" "Victor Hugo!" " Ag' P" " Th rty three."- " Profession ?" The poet litted proudly his Olympian front, and replifed with maiestv, " Founder of my school,'' " Very well. Write"—turning ! to another clerk—" write ou$ a passport | for U. Victor Hugo; age, thirty?three; j school-teacher." j He was a bold man who first swallowed I aa,oy«ter.^ Juneg;I, 