CHAPTER XX. Days and weeks went by. The wound on Lome's head was healed, but she shrank from the thought of again meeting her father, and so kept her own room always. " You are getting whiter than a ghost !" said Rosamond. "Do you want to kill yourself and leave me P" , She shook her head. "I am hard to kill," said she, "and it takes so lopg for ns to die ! I wish it did not. See how soon the leaves-and the flowers fall and wither; but I, who have nothing ip live for, am forced to. linger on." " Lorne, I know yon have been terribly, badly used hy-whoever, or whatever roles ocr lives ; but don'tyon think; dear, yon should try to bear it." " Am I not-trying, Rosamond P Every moment of weary e^ys and nights P" *' Yea, dear, but I Want you tb try to be brave.- Iwant^yxm to-come ont and face the snnsbine ;;yon wjU be better1 ii} mind and health if yon do." <**'-The.snn8hine1. Oh, do not speak of it to me, Rozzie ! It would only recall everything that I have pat away, and make me more madljr miserable! Bat roy life weald rani on just the same, jost the same. For the sunshine only tortores, bat does not kill !" " Well then, in the evening, Lome, for jost s little while. It is not wholesome to spend your time as yon do !" "Wait until this year is over ; wait until the February rains come. I will face them if yon like ; bat I am afraid of the sunshine." " Bat think how well yon always were when yon wara out all day. Yon need to loira the open air and the wind we-find in thé monjDtsin8.n ; in Anguish* Mr. Prescott continued gloomy and terrible. Rosamond had been so dis- tressed and horrified when she first learnt his secret grief that she only pitied him. But when her clear jndgmont returned she reviewed his life from its true stand- point and read him for the maa he was by his works. He had been a false friend; he had evidently forced, or unduly influenced, a woman who did not love him, into mar- riage, and then Rosamond had little doubt his cruelty had driven her to desert him for the protection of her former lover; he had vented all his hate and harshness on her inuocent child, and it was not his fault that there was not blood upon his hand. The brutal blow he struck that night might easily have cost Lorne her life. What a frightful thing it was for a b g strong man to lift his hand to a frail girl like Lorne. Rosamond ceased to pity j him. She met him always with a stern set face, and studiously avoided every unnecessary word. Charlie wrote by every mail, urging for leave to return and claim her, or if not that, for permission to write and formally ask her father's consent to their engage- ment, but Rosamond thought the time was too soon after Lorne's loss to speak of love or marriage. She half expected that Mr. Prescott wonld oppose it and make things as nnpleasant as possible, so she deemed it wisest to wait until Lorne could take an interest ia her plans, and aid her. She was not afraid of her father not she ! When it suited her she meant to calmly tell him of her intention, aud marry Charlie whenever he pleased, whether Mr. Prescott consented or not. She would take Lorne away; she was f ally determined upon that. She would not leave her unhappy sister here amongst those depressing surroundings, with a father whose frenzy drove him to the verge of insanity. Lorne |did not wish to selfishly brood apon her own unhappiness. She would como and ask with apparent interest for news of Charlie ; bot Rosamond fancied she det<ected an effort, and would answer : " He is all right, dear, there is no need to trouble about him. It will do him good to wait a little longer. He is only twenty-five, yon kaow-jost my own age -and that is very early for a man to think of marrying. " When is-father-to know ?" 411 have not decided," said Rosamond, frowning a little, as she always did now when her father's name was mentioned. " Not until it suits me ; he will behave like a maniac, I suppose, bat I do not care 1" " Rozzie, I have noticed that you keep very angry with father, I wish yea would not !" "Lorne, you are a regalar Florence Dombey !" cried Rosamond impatiently. " I don't know how yon manage to forgive him-after the way he treated you--" " Oh, hush, Rozzie, don't say any more ! I have forgotten that-at least it is all buried in pity for him ! No wonder he hates me ! How eau he help it ? 1 am the living memory of that disgrace !" " Don't he absurd Lorne ! What had yon to do with it ? It never would have happened if he had played an honourable part." And then Lorne learnt, for the first time, that her mother and Basil's father had loved and been separated by her father's treachery. This was what Basil was thinking of when he said, " there was no cause for that deed," he meant that his father had suffered the greatest wrong in having the woman he loved taken from him ! Basil conld excuse what followed because John Prescott was the first traitor. Lorne's face weat scarlet to think that the woman who had been " very dear to him," was the mother who had given her blighted life. One day, about a month after Lorne's voluntary seclusion, her father said to Rosamond. " Where is your sister all this time P" "In her room," Rosamond answered very coldly. "Is she ill P" "Not bodily, now. The wound on her head is healed," said she harshly. Mr. Prescott seemed to wince. " Is it true then ?" he asked, hesitat- ingly. " It was like a dream to me that I lifted my hand to her thst eight." "Like a dream was itP" she repeated, scornfully. "It is like a reality to me and to her!" " It is true then P And she fell P" "Yon knocked her down," said his daughter, mercilessly. Mr. Prescott began pacing the floor with heavy strides. " I have an awful temper still," said he slowly. " Even after all these years." " You have !" said Rosamond, bitterly, " I think you are the most cruel man on earth ! The way you have treated that dear girl all her life is inhuman ! No one could believe it who had not seen lt." < He stood and looked at hts daughter ouriottsif. ^hon his brow« grow black as " Where is the mau she meant to marry ?" " I do not know, he has goue away. " What does she mean to do ?" he asked, slowly. " I do not understand you !" " He will como back, I suppose, and ask her again ! What will she say to him then P" Rosamond looked at him in horror. " And you ask me that P How little Îou have tried to nadorstaod her! You now, as well as I do, that Lorne will suffer for the sin of her father and what came of it, until death raleases her ! May it bo soon for her own sake, my poor mis- judged Lorne !" Then she hurried away, that she might bury her face in her hands and weep un- restrainedly. That night, when she had banished every trace of tears and was sitting with Lorne in their own room, they were startled by a knock at the door. Rosamond got up aud opened it, and to her amazement, her father walked in. Lorne trembled convulsively, but made no other movement ; she was leaning back in a low chair, her shining brown hair was uncoiled, and fell in a wavy mass until it touched the floor. Her colourless face had taken an almost death-like pallor from the terrible shock of a month ago, as well as from being in-doors so long. The big brown eyes seemed too large for her face, and tito hands, like soft brown satin, were thinner than they used to be. 