THE STORY OF A LOST SOUL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] By HUGH COLEMAN DAVIDSON. AUTHOR OF "THE GREEN HILLS BY THE SEA," "NOT A MOMENT TO SPARE," "THE OLD ADAM," &c.;, &c.; (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER XXX. —(Continued. ) "But you had no doubt before, Ben ?" said he. "Is it a fool or a knave you take me for, Mr. George ?" asked Ben. "Don't I know that, whatever you might have said, you wouldn't have hurt a hair of poor Willmott's head, or of anybody else's either, for the matter of that. Them constable chaps must surely—oh, save us," cried Ben, starting back in alarm, "what's that?" For a figure had suddenly appeared on the path immediately, in front of them, and while George stood like one petrified from fear a hand was laid upon his shoulder. Ben had clenched his fists; but before he could interfere a voice said : "George Vane ! Surely I can't be mistaken. Yet how can it be George Vane ?" "Oh, Major Heywood," cried the terrified lad, for it was my father who had come out of the garden, don't tell—please, don't tell. You won't tell, will you? You won't say you have seen us. It would be awful if you were to speak." ''Come, in here,George," said my father, gently. "Is not that Ben Fayle with you? You are both so wrapped up that I cannot see your faces, but I heard the names and re- cognised the voices." "Yes, sir, it's me," said Ben, rather doubtfully. "Then come along in here, both of you," said my father. He took them inside the garden and closed the door. "You will be safe now," he said. "There is nobody to see you here." Although my father had deliberately cut himself off from all society, this was not due to any dislike for his fellow-creatures. It was merely the outcome of excessive shyness, an old feeling of his, though it had greatly increased since my mother's death. he was undoubtedly peculiar in some re- spects ; he had his own ideas and his own ways of carrying them out ; but at heart he was as kind a man as it is possible to meet. When he had heard the story of all that these two unfor- tunates had undergone he was deeply moved and, holding George to be en- tirely innocent of the crime alleged against him, he resolved to keep them by every means in his power. Upon guestioning them he found that they had no plans for the future —that they had really decided upon nothing except a visit to their own houses. My father pointed out the danger of such a course. Apart from the risk of being seen by somebody who was less friendly disposed towards them, it could do no good, he said, and might do much harm. They were believed to be dead ; with the lapse of time the bitterness of grief was giving way to the calm of resignation ; why should they disturb that merely to raise up again harassing fears, as to their safety? The excitement against them would presently wear away, or they might escape to some distant land, where they would be safe from pursuit, but until then they had better be to their own relations and friends as if they were really dead. " But in that case what shall we do ?" asked George. "Come and live with me for the present," said my father. "The house is full of empty rooms; if you choose to select those which you like best you will not be disturbed. I have a gar- dener who never enters the gardens, and I don't bother him to do so, be- cause I prefer to have the place to myself. Inside there is an old woman too blind to see much, and too deaf to hear much, and entirely de- voted to your interests. She will hold her tongue, I know. Those are the only persons about except myself. So you would be quite safe here, and you would be nearer your own people in case there should be any urgent need for you to see them." "It is very kind of you, Major Hey- wood," said George, "very kind in- deed, But— but— what do you say, Ben?" "I think it's very kind of the major, too," replied Ben. " I'd like to have a peep at the ould home, though."' My father drew him gently aside. "Ben," said he, " there is no old home for you now. The poor old man is gone." "I was afraid of it," said Ben, as if he were choking. He turned away and drove his knuckles into his eyes. There was no longer any opposition from Ben. He and George entered the house with my father, and quarters were assigned to both. They soon settled down to the new life, which did not differ much, however, from their life at the old crab-catcher's cottage. During the greater part of the day they remained indoors ; when dark- ness approached they went out and walked, in the garden. George had plenty of books to read, and Ben occu- pied himself with carpentering; that was the chief difference. My father, busy with his own studies, left his visitors very much to themselves. The first incident of any importance was their discovery by Alistair Grove, when he cautiously opened the garden door, and, to his dismay, saw them standing before him in the dark. Be- lieving them dead, he could not help wondering whether these two shadowy figures were not ghosts. And for a time neither moved, for both thought that the end had come. But the il- lusion was dispelled by Ben who sprang forward to seize Grove and bind him to secrecy. It was only with the greatest difficulty that George could prevail upon him to consent to gentle measures. "Let me hammer him a bit, Mr. George, pleaded Ben, " just enough to make sure of him. If he feels the weight of my fist now he'll not be so likely to run against it afterwards." But George resisted his friend's pleading. Grove was very curious to learn the story of their adventures. But before they would tell him any more than he knew already they said that they must consult my father, whose guests they were. He was, therefore, told to come and see them again next day ; and after repeating his promise not to mention his discovery to a soul he took leave of them. '' "I mistrust the man," said Ben, looking after Grove's retreating figure. "I mistrust him greatly. I'm sure, Mr. George, it would have been better if you'd let me hammer him a bit." CHAPTER XXXI. "THAT CREATURE GROVE." When Grove called next day at Cronkvash, the old woman, in accord- ance with instructions, showed him into the library, where he found my father and George engaged in reading He lost no time in getting to business. " So you were afraid to trust me, Major," he said. "You kept me out of the house because you had two visitors. " It was their secret, not mine," said my father. "I had no right to give you the opportunity of learning it. But now that it has come to your knowledge, perhaps you will give us the benefit of your advice. You hear what is going on in the town ; I don't ; therefore, you are in a better position to decide than I am." Ben Fayle, as one of the interested persons, was accordingly sent for, and when he had arrived the whole story was told again. Grove was not long in coming to a decision with regard to it. He emphatically declared that George and Ben should make their escape from the country at once. This had been Ben's own opinion, but now that he heard it advocated by Grove, against whom he had a strong pre- judice, he began to doubt its wisdom. "Why do you say that, Mr. Grove?" he asked. "For your own sakes, Fayle," answered Grove, "Sooner or later, if you stay here, you are bound to be discovered. And then look what an unpleasant thing that will be for me. " "Mighty unpleasant," said Ben, drily. "Yes, indeed, it would be extremely unpleasant," said Grove, without the least suspicion of Ben's sarcasm. "Why, I should be charged with helping to harbor two fugitives from justice. I say, go, by all means if you want to escape the gaol. Don't lose a moment." A little earlier; perhaps, this view might have found favor with George. But now that he was so near Hattie, so near his father and mother and Rachel, he could not tear himself away. He lived in the hope of seeing them, if only for a moment, and without that hope he could never have fought against despair as he did. His favorite spot was the ruined tower at the bottom of the garden. Though warned by Ben against the danger of proceeding, he would often steal up there and, keeping watch upon the Gorragh-road, pray for a glimpse of those he loved. Every day he was disappointed, but at its close there always remained the morrow to look forward to. If this one little excite- ment were taken out of his life he felt that he should no longer have strength to struggle on. Of course, he knew that he could not stay indefinitely at Cronkvash any more than at the old crab-catcher's cottage, but even if he should have to go forth, there was no need to anticipate that evil day. Something might turn up to befriend him before then, some proof of his innocence, some unexpected slice of luck which at present he could not even guess at. The future is so full of good things, for the young, and George, in spite of his troubles, had not lost all faith in its bounty. So, when urged to flee, he vehemently declared his intention of remaining at Cronkvash until my father wished him to go. Grove still held to his text, however. He had an object to gain, and was not very particular about the means he employed. He said that as the crime with which George was charged was a mostserious one, the consequences of his arrest would also be most serious. In fact, having due regard to all the cir- cumstances, he did not see how a verdict of guilty could be avoided. "Would that be your verdict," de- manded George. "It would not," unhesitatingly re- plied Grove, " because I know you personally." But so great was George's anger that it required all my father's tact to restore peace. Grove was naturally a good deal- upset by George's unexpected return. It meant to him the loss of Cronk- vash, unless he could hit upon some respectable way of preventing that catastrophe. The one point in his favor was the fact that George's existence was unknown in the town ; all believed him to be dead. If, therefore, he could have been smuggled out of the country there would not have been anybody after my father's death to contest possession of the property. Grove, under the will, would have quietly slipped into it. This idea had now to be abandoned. He had to look about for some other means of reaching the same end. Before leaving he drew George aside and said : "I hope you are not offended with me, George. I may have been wrong, but I thought it best to put both sides of the matter clearly before you." "Oh, no, I am not offended," said George frankly. "You do manage to put one's back up sometimes, Grove, but I am sure you don't mean it. It is very good of you to take the trouble to come here and give me advice." "I am ready to do more than that," said Grove. "If you should want money now or at any time you are welcome to what I have." Though taken by surprise, George poured out his gratitude without stint. It was indeed most generous and most noble of Grove, he said. Some day perhaps, when he wanted to get away, he might accept the offer to defray the travelling expenses of Ben Fayle and himself. And meanwhile if his father and mother should be in any need would Grove kindly lend them enough to go on with, and he should be repaid out of the very first money that he (George) earned in Canada. But on no account was a hint to be given them that he was alive, for he would tell them him- self as soon as he was in a place of safety. All this Grove faithfully pro- mised, "And Hattie Duke," said George, hanging down his head to hide his blushes, "you have not told me any thing about her, Grove. She is well, I hope, and happy." "Oh, yes, perfectly, I believe." "What, perfectly happy !" cried George, with a sudden pang, which he felt to be selfish. "She thinks I am dead, doesn't she ?" "No, no, I beg your pardon—I made a mistake," said Grove hastily, for he foresaw complications here. "She is pining for you, of course, George. I have seen her several times lately, and she looks extremely miserable." "What have you been seeing her about ?" demanded the lad. "Oh, just accidental meetings in the town, and that sort of thing." "Then she goes about as usual ?" "Why, yes, you wouldn't have her always stay indoors, would you?" asked Grove. George replied that he would not. Nevertheless, it seemed strange to him that the world should be going on as usual, just as if he had never belonged to it—stranger still, that in this placid indifferent world Hattie should be living as she used to live. And then it occurred to him that the bond which had held them to- gether no longer existed so far as she was concerned. Father, mother, and sister would be father, mother and sister always ; death could not disturb that relationship. But with Hattie it was different. It would be only natural if, in course of time, believing him to be dead, she should come to love somebody else. Of course this would not happen for years and years, he told himself, probably not before Hattie was quite an old woman, she was so fond of him, but that did not reconcile him to the idea of any lessening of her love meanwhile. It would be such pain to her to part, with any part of it ; her grief would be continually bursting out afresh ; could not he spare her in some way ? She was more hopeful, more self-reliant than his poor old parents; if she were told that he was alive she would be less anxious about his ulti- mate safety. Perhaps that would be the best plan. So George said : "You say Hattie looks extremely miserable, Grove ?" "Yes, extremely." "About; me ?" . "What else has she to make her miserable ? About you, of course." " Well, I can't allow that, you know," said George. "I wouldn't have Hattie miserable for the whole world, if I could help it. Will you hint to her that I am alive after all, and that the Canadian home which I used to talk about may yet be a reality? Will you do that for me—not suddenly, mind—very gently indeed ? If you were to give her a shock, by Jove, Grove, I should never forgive you. You will be cautious won't you ?" "Yes, I will be very cautious," an- swered Grove. "And she is not to tell anyone else, remember. My father and mother are not to know on any account, for they would never have a moment's peace, afterwards. She is to keep the secret entirely to herself. Will you do that for me—tell her at the earliest possible moment?" "Gladly," answered Grove. " And now there is just one thing that I ought to mention to you. I have reason to believe that a certain person has put your sister's name in his will. You were then supposed to be dead, but he put your name in too, in front of hers—just to show his intention, he said. He meant his intention of benefiting your family, the person specially selected being your sister." "That was a queer thing to do," re- marked George. "A very queer .thing," assented Grove. "He is a very queer man. By rights he should have omitted your name altogether. But now look at the result. You have suddenly sprung to life again, and unless the will is altered — which is not likely to be the case— you will deprive you sister of what was meant for her. Do you think I would take it?" demanded George. "Don't I want to help her, not to rob her ? It would be a fine thing if she were to be sorry to see me again—I mean if she were to have the least feeling of awkwardness, for I know Rachel would sooner have me back than fifty properties. What nasty things you say, Grove ! Your intentions are good ; it's only your way of expressing yourself; you can't help it, I suppose, but it gives a hard tug at one's temper. Why, don't you know that when I can tear myself away from her—and something is holding me back, I can't tell what exactly—my sole object will be to make a home, for my father and mother and Rachel—yes, and for Hattie too? And if a slice of good luck should befall Rachel—who wants it badly enough, poor girl—do you think I would be the one to take it from her? I can make my own way in the world as soon as I get a fair start. That is all I want. Even if this money had really been meant for me I should have given it to Rachel." Grove was vexed with himself when he heard this. He had been plotting and scheming to get George to abandon all claim to any property my father might leave, and now it appeared that such labor was wholly unnecessary ; worse still, if it came to be investi- gated afterwards, it might bring him into trouble. Yet the fact remained that by marriage with Rachel he might secure Cronkvash, and, all things con- sidered, that was a pleasant fact. His interest in the things around him had in some measure died away, but he now began again to look about him with the proprietary air which he had assumed after learning my father's intentions with regard to them. "It is a pity," said he, "Major Heywood does not have these things cleaned up a bit. They are spoiling in all this dust." He was interrupted by a sharp knock at the hall door. Falling so suddenly upon the stillness of the house it startled all except my father, who took it very coolly. He knew that the person outside was poor Aunt Priscilla. "She is a frequent visitor," he said. "She is so fond of me that she wants me taken better care of—on behalf of the family. She will stay there for hours unless I go and speak to her." He went upstairs and conversed with her through an open window. "Go away, Priscilla,'' he said. "Go home to your cats. Why do you come bothering here ?" "Come down," she called up to him, " and open the door, John, there's a dear. I want to talk to you." "Oh, I dare say !" said my father. "If once you got inside I should never get you out again. Besides, do you really think it safe to be alone with a lunatic ? I'll bring that against you, Priscilla, when the case comes on." "How provoking you are, John !" said Aunt Priscilla stiffly. " Shall I tell you why I want to come in ? Because you have got that creature Grove inside. Oh, yes, you have— don't deny it—for I saw him come. He is afraid of me—that is the only good point about him—and if you let me in I will soon rid you of him." Grove, with his eye at the corner of the blind in the library window, heard every word of this conversation. He saw Aunt Priscilla, with her umbrella firmly planted on the gravel, her whole attitude expressive of determination, and he knew that she was prepared to stay there for hours if necessary. The very moment he went out. Aunt Priscilla meant to pounce upon him—that was plain. No doubt she would not go so far as to use her umbrella against him, though she was quite equal to it, but she had, in her tongue, a still more fearful weapon, which had made him smart many a time. He was grimly resolved not to encounter it now ; and yet, not wish- ing to be kept a prisoner indefinitely, could not see how to avoid it. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 