Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London, November 29, 1893. My Deae Claba, — There is no longer any doubt in my mind that this is the real age of progres sion. What do you think is the latest concession to the advanced tastes of this enlightened period ? It is an entirely feminine affair, and decidedly a step in the right direction. You will be glad to hear that woman is at last thoroughly emanci pated — freed from the tyrannical trammels that so long have bound her; freed from that terrible institution that has obliged her to look obliquely on parliamentary people in general, and one or two favored ones in particular; treea trom tne monster tnat nas stood between her and the proper enjoyment and appreciation of that Mghest form of intellectual ' culchaur — haw,' the speeches in the House of j Commons ; freed from that relic of the dark, and dusty, and musty, and fusty ages, ' The Grille.' It is doomed. It is to come down ; and bands of merry maidens are singing, in tune and out of tune, and in time and out of time, the praises of the brave men who have flown in the faces of the disgusted centuries, and have ' done away ' with the grating. Now, woman ! lovely woman ! in all her glory, clothed in smiles and a most becoming toilette, will shine forth with unimpeded splendor from the gallery on to her favored knight, who is taking the ' flure ' (and on other people's knights too, if she gets half a chance), and will so effectually distract the attention of the budding diplomat that I am afraid his parliamentary duties will suffer. I need not say that ' our souls are in arms and eager for the fray,' and we all feel that we are equal to the occasion, and will do our duty, and will try with might and main to quite frequently ' catch the Speaker's eye ' on our own account. Mamma is much shocked and wonders plaintively 'what is the world coming to,' and 'why' do ladies agitate for these doubtful advan tages, and 'where' is the retiring modesty that so becomingly decked the gentlewoman of other days, &c.; But all the same, the dear has made up her mind to be pre sent, and in a front seat, the first ' open night.' There will be such a rush ! It's too lovely. It puts me in mind of breaking out of the Bastille. We had a most delightful outing the other day. You know, papa is desperately interested in an tiquarian researches and arrangements and dis coveries, &c;, old monuments and monasteries, and contents, and manor houses, being Ms especial weakness ; and anything covered with the moth and mould, and traditions of centuries is Ms par ticular pet. Well, the place we went to fulfilled all these conditions. We journeyed down to Mailing Abbey. It was lovely. We inspected it thorougMy, I can tell you, and went through the grounds and did all the points, including ' the chapel and the old gate,' with great satisfaction to the pater — ditto ourselves. The property has been recently purchased for £10,000, and pre sented to the Sisterhood of S.S. Mary and Scholastica. Mailing Abbey was originally built in 1090 by Bishop Gundulph, of Eochester, for a community of nuns, in whose possession it remained until the dissolution, part of tue nunnery having been de stroyed by fire a century after Gundulph's death. It is steeped in the most charming, creepy stories, and is full of ghosts — not common every day ghosts, but historic ghosts ; ghosts that one feels honored by even talking about; ghosts of undoubted reality and respectable antiquity; ghosts that it would bring us very near the seventh heaven only to catch a fleeting glimpse of. It was to Mailing the four knightly murderers of Thomas A'Becket rode with wMp and spur after their dreadful deed. The popular tradition of tMs incident is narrated by Dean Stanley in *? Memorials of Canterbury :' 'The murderers rode to Saltwood the Mght of the deed; the next day (30 miles by the coast) to South Mailing. On entering the house threy threw off their arms and trappings on the dining table, wMch stood in the hall, and after supper gathered round the blazing hearth. Suddenly the table started back and threw its burden to the ground. The attendants, roused by the crash, rushed in with lights and replaced the arms. But a second and still louder crash was heard, and the various articles were thrown still farther off. Soldiers and servants with torches scrambled in vain under the solid table to find the cause of its convulsions, till one of the conscience stricken knights suggested that it was indignantly re fusing to bear the sacrilegious burden of their arms — the earliest and most memorable in stance,' says Dean Stanley, ' of a rapping, leap ing, and moving table.' And so late as the 14th century the table was still shown in the same place. After looking at these places, and hearing these stories, one feels that Mr. Stead and Ms Julia (in the way of purely bogey and thrilling interest) 'ain't in it.' We went to the private view at the Grafton Galleries on Friday; it was overcrowded, and with a very smart assemblage, including a num ber of pretty women, and not a few men of unusual height. One of the best dressed_af the former was Mrs. A. Stuart- Wortley, in a long coat of green brocade, trimmed with, sable, and falling in straight folds from the shoulders. ' There were some lovely frocks. A charming costume was carried out in green velvet. Everyone was asking who the lady was but no one seemed ready with an answer. She carried a 1 bunch of violets. A rather eccentric cape was furnished with a collar trimmed with extremely stiff wMte bands, dotted with black. A tall girl wore a three-quarter cloak of black moire, made with full skirts and large revers in front. Brown cloth and red velvet, with bands of fur, were the ingredients of a good costume, the velvet forming the bodice, while the skirt and sleeves were in the cloth. But of all the lovely women in the room, our Delia was the loveliest — I was proud of her. She was dressed to perfection, and looked really 'fin de Siecle.' A collection of the works of the late Albert Moore will be on exMbition at these galleries next January. A room will be especially devoted to them, and most of the artisfs best pictures have been promised to the directors for the occasion. I don't know whether it is the same with you as with us, but it has always been a dreadful trouble here to get a gentleman to go shopping with you. Directly the carriage stopped at a milliner's or a modiste's, or a linen- draper's shop, an expression of unutterable woe would creep across the masculine countenance, and then a sort of determined 'Oh, by jove ! I must get out of tMs' look would supervene. The merest sight of feminine fal lals induced a decided 'jib,' and the air became tMek with soft murmurings of 'Awfully sorry, pressing engagement, city fellows — don't you know ;' or ' Horse Guards,' or the 'Foreign Office,' or something equally stupid and inopportune would claim them for its own. But all this is changed, and it's the sort of thing that no fella can under stand; bat the fact remains that nowadays gentlemen go a shopping with the ladies in quite the most delightful way ; and it is most curious and interesting to hear them ask such questions about 'things.' Sir Harry said the other day he was only just beginning to j understand what girls meant by 'things.' The wedding is coming off in February, and he actually went with Lady Julia (Ms fiancee) to Madame Elise to select the lace for the lingerie, wMch is to be unique. Her godmamma, thab absurdly rich old Lady H ? is going to pre sent the trousseau, and Julia told me in confi dence that ' Dear Harry ' said ' if he had the selection of the 'things ' the old lady would cer tainly come a severe cropper over the bills.' ' The Queen has come to her own again. Yes, to the great joy of her liege subjects, 'Our only one' has returned to Windsor from Balmoral. You cannot get away from the fact that ' Her Most Gracious ' lives in the hearts of her people. The reception she got. It was wonderful. One would have thought she had been at the other end of the world for years — such crowds, such shout ing, and hurrahing. And such a send off. ' At Victoria Station' every place was black with people. Stupid, isn't it, but when I hear masses enthuse like that I get a lump in my throat. Those kind-hearted people who have agitated so long and. persistently on the behalf of the dis use of the bearing-rein are now likely to reap the reward of their labors, as the Queen has ordered the authorities to try the experiment o? discon tinuing its use in the Eoyal stables. There is a great deal of talk, and suppositions in certain quarters, about 'The Queen's MxmsM,' and somebody writing to the papers wants to know 'is this gentleman a Lordin Waiting, a member of an Indian Council, a H physician, or, perhaps — ^a servant.' But, after H| all, it is really ' much ado about nothing.' ^H The MunsM is a 'personal' attendant, a ^B combination of a private secretary and private ^B tutor, his cMef function being to direct her ^m Majesty's studies in Hindustani. ^B You will not be surprised when I tell you it is ^H the same old story — ' Who is the lady*?' And H all the talk has arisen from the fact, that by the H Queen's desire, the ladies of the MunsM's honse- ^m hold have just been brought to tMs country to H make their home with Abdul Karim at Frogmore ^m Cottage, and now and then their closely-veiled ^| figures are to be seen flitting with curious effect ^| about the grounds. One of the ladies is usually ^| chid in black, the veil shrouding her form com- H pletely from head to foot, and the other is in H yellow, equally Oriental and picturesque in style H — a strange pair, truly, to be seen in the pretty ^M Windsor woodland. I wonder if they will some H day, say three centuries hence, share with Herne H the hunter the honor of providing the Home H Park with legendary ghosts. Herne, ' rattling H hi3 horrid chain,' and the spooks of Abdul H Karim's wife and mother-in-law, would make H Mstoric Windsor richer in romance than ever. H The theatres are, as our American cousins would H say, in. full blast. We went the other night to ^| the St. James's to have another look at 'The H Second Mrs. Tanqueray,' and we really found her H so interesting that I for one feel inclined to sug- H gest that Mr. Pinero, should write a retrospective H play, and call it 'The First Mrs. Tanqueray. H This curious Tanqueray menage fills you with B curiosity, and you feel you would like to know ' all about it ' from the very beginning. There is a new piece at the Trafalgar Square called 'Tom, Dick, and Harry.' It is by a Mrs. E. Pacheco, a Californian lady, a niece of a some time Governor of the Golden State, and a member of a very ancient and very haughty Hispano Mexicano family. TMs three act farce (for it is nothing more or less) has been played with success all through the States, and did im mense business at the Bush-street Theatre, San Francisco, under the title of ' Incognito.' It is full of funny complications, wMch depend for their success on the perruquier — three different gentlemen wear three selfsame wigs, and we all sit in the front, and pretend we don't know f other from wMch, or whether there are three gentlemen and one wig, or three wiga and one gentleman. It is a most evident decep tion, and would not impose on a baby. We know perfectly well wMch is Tom, wMch Dick, and wMch Harry, but it does not matter, we laugh consTiniedly all the time, and I believe that is what we paid our money for. They say ' it takes a girl to do it every time,' and tMs is being exemplified at the Haymarket, where our ancient enemy under the thin and Joneseresque disguise of ' The Tempter,' is re tiring before ' A Woman of No Importance.' A very boarding school and Bowdlerized version of the 'School for Scandal,' arranged by Mr. Augustin Daly (poor ' Sherry,' will this not dis turb Ms ghost) with a distinct view to the non rufflement of American 'up to date ' susceptibi lities, is being presented at Daly's Theatre. Miss Ada Eehan as Lady Teazle is charming, but the rest of the characters vre do not seem to recognise. They do not belong to the period. There is no local color. The Georgian style is not there. There is lots of millinery but no mode, and there are no little tit-bits in the dialogue at all now. How delicate those transatlantic dears must be. They have actually cut out 'wench' to spare those pretty ears. The fact of it is, ultracultiva tion is on the warpath, and the most recently rich and Litest imported darling from the deepest recesses of ' Dead Man's Gulch ' on the summit or the Western Sierras, is very choice in her ex pressions; and when in Europe lays aside her vernacular with her old clothes, and thinks that 'wench'is 'reallytoo — too — wellyouknow. One does not care to be introduced to such persons.' And she believes in Augustin, and goes to his theatre for her Daly bread, and gets it. You should hear papa growl at all the (as he says) best lines being ' cut.' ' A Life of Pleasure ' is still running at Drury Lane; and Mrs. Ber nard-Beere, quite recovered from her illness and wearing such frocks, is just as charming as ever. 'Madame Favart' has a merry time at the Criterion. Miss St. John is good as that fascina ting lady, but we miss Marius. ' Don Juan ' has caught on at the Gaiety; but there is one piece still agitating all London, and everybody is ask ing everybody else, have you seen ' The Gaiety Girl.' We read in a recent society paper that Her Majesty, who is so good to the artists, is in Mdlle. Zelie de Lussan specially interested, and during the charming young prima donna's recent visit to Balmoral, gave instructions for her dressing- room to be supplied with comforts and luxuries that were indeed ' fit for a Queen,' as the nursery rhyme says, and the young singer was further honored by having the use of Princess Beatrice's own room, into which she herself came to see that everything needful had been done. Autres temps, autres mwurs. Percy tells mo that a few years ago, when he was travelling in the States, he went to the opera (it was a peripatetic one) in Buffalo, and after H the curtain came down on the first act, I a young lady (the contralto) came on the stage I (O.P. side), and explained volubly and excitedly I to the audience that ' she was not treated fairly in the theatre ; that the soprano was protected by the impressario ; and that ? ,' but just here there bounced on from the prompt side a small, piquant-looking person — it was the soprano — and she ' begged to interrupt,' and to inform the audi ence that the person addressing them, to put it mildly, was not betraying a strict reverence for the truth, and that she, in fact, might, with per fect propriety, claim a direct and uninterrupted descent from Ananias ; about tMs time the two ladies had reached the middle of the stage, and active operations would, there is no doubt, have at once taken taken place, but the manager, whose name and reputation had been so untenderly treated, rushed on, separated the fair quarrelists, and led the soprano off. The contralto had to get off best way she could. TMs affair resulted in a theatrical scandal of the most beautiful and satis fying description, wMch ran all through the States and the newspapers with great success. The two ladies concerned were Mdlle. Zelie de Lussan, soprano, and Miss Agnes Huntingdon, afterwards the original and successful 'Paul Jones' of the Prince of Wales's Theatre, Lon don, contralto. What a gossip I am, don't you think ? Good bye, dear ! Take care of yourself. Lots of love from your cousin, KATE. With reference to raffling at bazaars, and in connection with the case reported last week, ' a letter from the Home Office informed the vicar and churchwardens that such a raffle was a lottery in the eyes of the law, and rendered those who took part in it guilty of an offence. The raffling was at once suppressed, and those persons who purchased tickets had their money returned.' Bishop Barry, formerly Primate of Australia, has issued as president of the Windsor and Eton Branch.of the Victoria-street Society, a circular letter to the members, reviewing the vivisection controversy of the last 12 months, including the proceedings at the recent Birmingham Church Congress. A memorial to John Flavel, one of the ejected ministers under the Act of Uniformity in 1662, is to be built at Dartmouth during the year 1894, under the auspices of the Congregational Church, the memorial taking the form of a large hall, with several rooms attached, for the use of the young people of the town. Arrangements have been made for a day's con ference at the Memorial Hall early in December, between the committee of the Congregational TJMon of England and Wales and the council of the Church Aid' and Home Missionary Society, at wMch the whole of the home mission work of the denomination will pass under review. A correction appears in the Scottish Leader respecting the late Principal Morison, to the fol lowing effect: 'Principal Morison was never deposed from the United Secession Church; he was suspended, and in the end declined to be any longer connected with that church. There is not a word in the printed minutes about deposition.' The Vatican has recently consented to the Eoman Catholic liturgy being celebrated in Poland in the Eussian language, after having opposed all appeals for use of the vernacular for nearly a century. TMs will carry with it the exposure of the Poles to the Eussification of their country through the medium of the E,C Church. 