Entertainment. Thk entortaintnent given by the Sparkes Creek nmateurs, assisted by some of the locals, on Wednesday evening, wns not as woli attended as we should liko to havo sue.n it, and it deserved to be ; b it tho hall was pretty well half filled, and the pro result ; tho object being to assist the redoubtable ' wieldors of tint willow ' at Sparkes Creole ti lay down a concrotii wiclcet. .. Miss Simpson played tho overture on the piano off ctively. Mr. F. Barwick appe:irt;d in character as a worn out bumper of ' bluey,' and sang ' The Tramp ' in excellent voic ?, and showing plenty of confidence). M r. Gunter, who possesses a rich voic', being henrd to groat advantage in the lower notrs, sang 'I'll await my love' with much effec. The duet ' Mother, can this glory be,' by the Misses Ashfords was .pnslintic ally rendered, nnd the siogers had a very favorable reception. A .plrasin^ surprise was the effort , of Master A. Bar-wick, about 14 years ...old, who attired as iv ragged street sweep, sang ' Please give mo a penny, .Sir.' The, youngster appeared slightly Jioryous, hut has toe roa-kingsof a good yoico, and ho went through ' tho ordeal very ?successfully ; a recall beinsj demanded. Mr. F W. liurwick's ' Life of a sailer free,' and Mr. E. H. Jioore'a acmg were nicely rendered ?: and favourably received ; and Miss T. K. A. Ashford, who also hits the precious gift; of a sweet,' and powerful voice, Was ...encored1 for her-., singiug .oE '.'.Kjllarney.' Our. own Mr. Moron; nearly S'lnt the audirtnee . into convul-. siouQ-with his veryfu»iny'riondor.ing.pf 'The Stolen K5.s«. ?'-'.... The audience would not be satiaQed until ho re appeared, when he favoured them with another of mncli the same sort — ono of his own manufacture, wo under stand. ? . . ..-;-. . The. first part was brought to a cloei; with the duer., ' Thenunuto gun at sea,' by Miss E and Mr. F.'W. Bur wick.:.- Part: . the second . brought out the Ethiopian minstrels. Inter, locutor, . Mfi-Geo. Gunttr ; Pomppy, Mr.-W. AshforJ; Bones,.. Mr!' Fi. Bar wick; Sambo, Mr. Goo. Barwick ; Neb^AIr^ ,E. Barwick. Thh get-up nnd arrangement of the ' niggers ' left little to be desired, and Bones aad Sambo were the adepts with the bones and tambourine. . The -)okns coniu drutns ie., were as a rale really good, anj given out with good effct. Many of them were entirely new, some, wo hear, of local composition. It would have be-.-n brtter, howov^r, had the minstrui portion of tho pro grammo been- cut down a little. A political address by Bones to the ' free and enlightened ' of New '3outh Wales was -tuperb. Tho crowd that that stirring address would not^'bring' would indeed havo a heart of 810111!. Mr. Guntnr sang ' Dear Lit'. lit. Jessie,' ' Dad's Sweetheirt,' ' In Old Ohio,' very effectively ; as also did Mr. Frank Barw.ick ''Do double Wedding' 'Tenting on the old Camp Ground,' and ' Climbing up de Golden Stiira.' Mr. E Barwick, tossing about a ' baby,' nnd (as happy-looking' as when bringing off a catch behind the sticks), sang, very well, ' Goodnfss, how hi; grows,' and ' Rolling to de Sea.' Mr. W. Ashford sang, I' Days before de Wall,' and ' Hear dom Bells,' and Mr. Geo. Barwick, ' Gone are the days.'. The entertainment, was wound up by a promiscuotisly-thrown-together farce by Messrs. Moran and Plunkett ; but none the less. amusing for all that ; for the house was kept in sjreat humor while thu piece lasted. . No character appears to give moru life and fun to a fnrce than tho ghost, well played. Tim latter, a pawnbroker, applies for an assistant, and is answered by the other, a negro,' neatly, got up in chuap canvas, carrying carpnt bag, &c.; The Biible gentleman is engaged, ftfjter some explanations, nnd left, to mind the shop, /during I1J3 master's absence,. niMiHgei ' to drive n. good bargain or two. Advised to h«yo a- nnp at even Ing, ho retireb ; but no sooner spreads himself out than ?*his glioatsbip' appears. Unable t« stand it nny longer, It strikes him that h« had better pack up 'his valuables' (or rather ;his bosses') nnd ' soont.' The boss, realising the turn events had taken, thought he had .better follow him.!. The curtain fell shortly after 11 o'clock. Tho oerfornunco throughout was vary aucccssful.-only a little too long; -and Mr. Guntur, who worked it up, is dosorving of no small amount of pruiBe for the way it was carried oat. ? ? .'? Barraokino. ' — From pur Mas wellbrook. contemporary, w6 Inarn that the barracking at the opening match there against Murrurundi on Saturday was very unfair, and the Chronicle , un mercifully flaggelntea the offenders, Barracking is becoming such a nuisance,^ almost everywhere, Scone included, at both football : and xsricket matches, the former iu particular, that the various clubs will have to take united ac'.ion to put it down.; Othor .wise good, , genuine players, and all fair-minded men, who, although , not playing,- take a.gmiuino interest in., the games, will withdraw fiom theni, frqin disgust. -There is a .wide difference lwtween genuinn cheering and the fonlj blackguardly inveciivo, wo ofb-u lunr at our feothall matnhes, The club l»ir« havo. nnipln power to prevail t it. ?: Tiufy have merely to;ge,t. thc^' p'lr mission of thoTrustpGa. and the policei mayj.if rnqneated, ,, remove .fr- fm-. Hie. ground, and havo. . punished offenders. Aud , wo shoud advis-- thu. club to r»ak-» nn exuinpli' of a fmv hatoru tlio thing goes top fur. , , ??Tnufootb.dl matsh ? betiwoon Mus wellJbr.ook and Muriuriinth, last Satur day, resulted in a draw, ..iiei'h'r |Sid« Rcoring. Tin; game, was a stub'Wtn 