THE WIPE WORLD. 1 A. boy, only seventeen years of age, was szeeoted lately at Limoges for the murder of I 3ns employer, a email country tailor. He bad undergone the ordeal of a doable trial, the . first Laving been ouashed for some technical irregularity, so that death has been banging over him for mote than a twelvemonth. He beard mass in a very reverent spirit, and met las fate with ooarage and oalmness. A valuable discovery was made the other day in the collar of a leading liondon pub lisher. Upwards of forty years ago Sir -George Grey sent home a parcel of books to this publisher for sale in England. It in cluded copies of Mythology and Traditions of 4he New Zeal&aders;, by Sir George Grey ; Poetry of the New Zealand - ccs, by the same author ; and Maori Mementoes, bring a series of ad dresses presented by the native people to his Excellency Sir George Grey, K.C.B., F.R.S. By some means the consignment found its way to the cellar, probably being unsaleable in London, and it lay there undis turbed and forgotten until a few days ago. Meantime the works had got out of print and "ware very-scarce and valuable. The discovery is said to have been made by one of the employee of the firm, who had noticed a parcel bearing a label with the words, "The property of Sir George Grey." The owner wma delighted at recovering his forgotten treasure, and at once gave instructions to 2mb the unbound copies put into corns and delivered to himself. The works rill be in wager request in New Zealand. After lying an the cellar for upwards of forty years, they met quite unimpaired by damp, Tt is reported that fashion, late, but, for «noe trne, in taste, has begun by occasional ventures to appropriate the seemly nursing m part of her system of decoration. "We need not be surprised at the preference Mras expressed. Cleanly, sample, neat, but undemonstrative sb it usually is, the dress of female attendants on the riok was not likely to -eBCape entirely from foe flattery of imitation. Nevertheless we consider its fyfoihitanin at all fauww and places, and especially its use by those who have no professional title to its use, to he an -error and a folly The curse's apron, cloak, jmfl bonnet are as much her distinctive regi mentals as military scarlet is the national guarantee of a soldier's position. Wearing it we know exactly who and what dts is, we can somewhat gauge her character by her attire, and we ean trust her service. But if any and every admirer of her comely dress may ignore its distinctive character, we lose much more than be gained by a usurping fashion. The meaning Is entirely gone. The casual wearer may be anyone—no mere innocent masque- xader, not even the glorified jackdaw of the fable, a nameless attraction only, a person void of personality, perhaps not insignificant, bet certainly, in the indications of her clothing, unreliable. It is to be hoped, for the credit and continued usefulness of a class represen tative of the highest womanhood and not less for our common security againsta mischievous deception, that every means which public ffflnttA win employ will be used to baffle this sew stratagem of thoughtless or unscrunul- <jus fancy.—' Lancet." In the 4t Nineteenth Gentury Review" Mr Sinnett expounds the peculiarities of the astral plane. One chief characteristic is that on the "astral light £which is fhepervad- ft pojieotal images of things driul and, gww, wildings that have crwritted away, bygone afreets with the .movinggrictnres of the in habitants that once lived in them. Ia this sphere quisque snos pstimur manes, even down to hansom cabs and shop- windows : — 44 srtiiwifctfiftinqnity niffhflll op behind the scenes of nature soon enables us to realise that not only is there a 4 ghost 1 — ©r, to use a better term, an aetaal counterpart— of every coat and trousers that ever existed, but of every shop-window and paving-stone, and every market cart and hansom cab, or atom of matter in whatever form it may be thought of. A hideous characteristic of this state of bring is that fo» hatred, malice and cruelty, the thirst to do evil to enemies, and aspirations of every degraded kind which rage through the fevered physical world are constantly taking shape fn distressing ways on the astral plane of mature, where everyone of them finds some too receptive medium for its impress. The <evil thoughts of men do not merely take shape as painful records of malevolcnce,bat actually smite themselves with some forms of life with which the astral plane is teeming." ay this, adds Mr Sinnett, may be verified by the astral senses of any adequately qualified -observer." — Westminster Gazette." Anyone who has been at the Norwegian fishing village of Verdoe will undoubtedly associate it with terrible odors, to put it mildly, although a stronger aod more vulgar appellation would be much more to the point, dor the air is simply saturated with the nrii of fish in almost every stage of decomposition ; in factj Vardoe may be said to be almost made sp of wooden frames, on which are boss to dry in the sun fhqogftnda upon thonsands of fish and cods' heads, the latter for sale and to be exported as guano. The harbor is made very lively with troops of fishermen, who carry on an trade. The crafts from the White Sea particularly attrac- "ted my attention writes a lady traveller) sot from a filling or a nasal point of view, hot from the fact of the Russian fishermen being eo extremely handsome and kind-look - flnjyas to excite my admiration, a weakness which on future acquaintance with Russians only increased, for bring tall and well built, with fall long fair beards, they present a striking appearance in their pink worsted shirts. The strike of the Burnley and district joiners and carpenters, which has been in progress for three weeks, has been settled. The masters have agreed to advance wages a farthing per hour at once, and another farthing in November. This is practically the compromise offeredby the employers before the strike commenced, the second advance being a month eariifer than proposed. J>r. Symon8 Redes, -rating to the 4 National Review," suggests 44 saying your prayers1 as a remedy for insomnia. Axnoug other instances-he quotes one of a sufisrer.from. partial insomnia, who "con fessed to her physician that she dated her wastof sleep from thetunewhensbeceased toaay herprayers." She was recommended to return at once to the good habit of her childhood,' and irith the bert results. " No doubt,1 says Dr Series, ' the mental repose engendered, coupled with the factthat the transition from the erect to the horizontal position was rendered more gradual by the interpokition cf the hbuaI reverential attitude of the bended cpec<jbowedhd,conduced tbthe ton- and slowness of / words, he nrayeifnl attitiide mnkes a "SiBndy b-vAy btmflelweentfe erect position when jmflrfiBHjiigi . 4jpsmbcnt when lying Jdown.- 