THE OLDEST DRESSMAKER'S DILL IN THE WORLD. AN INTERESTING CHALDEAN TABLET. Egypt (writes Mr St. .Chad Bosca wou ia tlio " Queen ") has been called | " the land of surprises." Year after year the explorers in tho Nile land | bring to light some new and startling examples of art, rovealing to us tlie | astonishing character of tho early civilisation of the Egyptians. Egypt has now a rival in tho the sistor civili sation of ancient Chaldea. Although in art Chaldea is far behind tlie land of the Nile, especially ' in the art of painting, the restoration of the early civilisation and the perfect picture which we can form of the lifo and manners and customs of the peoplo are almost as complete as that which we can restore of Egypt in the Pyramid age. The startling feature of the discoveries resulting front the decipherment of the cuneiform in scriptions lias been tho numerous details of . popular life which arc accessible to us. The little clay tablets not only contain the records of kings and princes, but even of the poorest of tho people, slaves and beggars.' In so great a literary laud as Chaldoa evoiy transaction, no matter how , small, was recorded in writing, and | thus we have many details of transac tions which would otherwise have been for over lost. Among the documents that have been discovered is a tablet which may bo well called "tho oldest dressmaker's bill in tho world.' It was the custom of the Babylonian I kings to present to the temples sets of robes for the use of tho priests and priestesses. This was usually dono ovciy j'oar, and wo havo many of these lists in the British Museum. The i oldest hitherto known has been that of a king about 1-150 n.c. There are several of a later period, but the document before us is far older than, any yet found. The tablet, which is of limestone, was discovered iu tho ruins of the temple in the city of Nipur in Southern Ghaldea. I This temple was dedicated to tho ghost god, and had a very largo priest hood attached to it. Prom tho stylo ' of the writing, which is extromcty archaic, and from tho curious system I of numerals employed, the tablet cannot be of later date than 2800 n.c. I It contains a list of 92 vestments which | were presented to the tomplo by the king. Tho name of tho king is unfor tunately not given. The end of tho tablet roads :—0 In all 92 pure vest ments, thebill(list) of tho temple for the priests this 3"ear." Mail}- of tho words aro unknown to us, as they are,jj no doubt, man3' of them technical terms employed by tho modistes oftheporiod. Some of the lines, however, aro of | particular interest—those that can he satisfactory deciphered. Among tho items are, " Twelve white robes of tho temple, oight robes of the liouso of his lad3', ten collars of tho house of his lad3', ten pure gold collars, two wide robes." One item of especial intorost occurs near the end, " Pour scented robes." This reminds us of t'ho passagesiu Psalm xlv., speaking of the robes rodolent of "m3'rrli aud aloes and cassia." It was, no doubt, the custom iu Babylonia to perfume tho robes, ns it is to this day in Persia and India. Another item is also illustrative of Eastern lifo : " Two Winders," pro babl3' scarfs used for binding round the waist. This document has likewise an additional value iu showing the great development which had taken place in tho textile aits in Chaldoa even at this earl3r period. The de corations on tho statues of Gudea (n.c. 2S00), tho embroidered fringes, show that the skill of the weaver and the ombroideror was far advanced ; aud it is a curious feature to notice that nearfy all the attempts at de corative work iu early 'Chaldea are iu patterns which are derived from toxtilo designs. - - 