A LOYE STORY. By MRS. ALEXANDER, Author of "The Wooing O't," "Forging the Fetters," " The .Admiral's. Ward," "A Croolfed Path," "Her Dearest Poo," &o;,, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the.author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XI.—(Continued.) There is a kind of special freedom about dinner at a restaurant, a sort of elegant Bohemianism hangs about it and Mrs. Grundy's grasp is for the moment relaxed. Though she had been startled by Lady Seville's remarks, Janet's deeply-rooted loyalty had taken up arms at once in defence of her husband and had thus strengthened her own soul. How couldLadySaville compare that coarse, cynical, unpleasant Sir Frederic to Randal, who was so fastidiously refined? Randal might have little inequalities of temper, but who was per fect ? She (Janet) had better occupy herself extracting the beams of error which obstructed her own mental vision than fidget over the motes in her husband's optics. She could not explain why, but this visit to town—the little ohange of scene and occupation—seemed to have done her a wonderful amount of good. She felt more like her old light-hearted, fearless eelf than she had done for many , a day. The truth was, she had not to study her words or weigh the tendency of her sentences —what came into her mind she spoke unhesi tatingly and found herself surprisingly fluent. It was a very pleasant dinner. Monti Douglas was a well-known man about town, the scantily-endowed younger son of a Scotch -peer; Major Phillips, a soldier right through, who had been more in India than in London, a good specimen of the kind of man produced by the upper class bourgeoisie. He was greatly amused by the gossip and chaff which was tossed to and fro. " I hear you mention Langford," he said as the waiters.handed round the dessert. "We have a young fellow from Langford in South shire in "Ours" who has just- Baved the colonel's life by a lucky shot. His name is Wynyard—Maurice Wynyard." " He is the son of our vicar," returned Janet, deeply interested. " He was a playfellow of mine. I am very glad to hear about him." , : "He is a quiet youngster, but he has bis! wit3 about him. The colonel is a curious old j chap. He is touched with esoteric Buddhism, whatever that is, and believes, they say, in lucky stars and luoky men and a lot more. A regular old fire- eating lion; the men would follow him into the jaws of hell. I beg your pardon." " Pray, don't mind," returned Lady Saville sweetly. " We have whittled hell down to a mere refined inferno nowadays." Major Phillips stared and laughed. " At first the colonel seemed not to notice him, but suddenly he took a turn in his favor and took young Wynyard out to hunt with him. Just before I started we had an account from the hills where the colonel and Wynyard were having sport. It seemed they had been tracking a.man-eating tiger, when be turned up suddenly a good bit too near and sprang on the colonel, but before he had him on the ground Wynyard sent a shot into the beaBt's ear, so Colonel Drummond got off with a few scratches.' If Wynyard hadn't fired instan taneously he would as likely as not have winged Drummond. He must have plenty of nerve and be a capital shot; anyhow, it was j a close 3have." _ | "I remember hearing my father say that Maurice was a good shot long ago," replied Janet. "I hope this adventure will prove j fortunate to him." • " There is no doubt it will. In spite of his crotchets the colonel stands well with the military powers that be; and as he is an old bachelor he has no one to come between Wyn yard and his interests." " I believe Maurice does nob suffer from the climate," said Janet. "No. He had a touch of fever last year, but has been quite righb ever since. He was rather silent and moody when he first joined, bub he'..came out wonderfully last winter thanks to the commissioner's daughter, a deuced pretty girl, I can tell you, married General Mackilligan, of the Ordnance De partment, about three months ago." " Oh, poor Maurice!" exclaimed Janet smiling. "He isn't a penny the worse," returned Major Phillips. "There are plenty of nice girl3 everywhere now in India to keep him going." "That iB a most ambiguous phrase, my dear fellow !'„ cried Darrell. " Do you mean that there are enough pretty girls to keep Mrs. Palliser's; interesting young friend going in flir tation?''. "Well, yes; it's the best thing for a fellow j and——;".. • ... ,: " Ah^they are a bad lob evidently," inter rupted'Darrell. "Now if you will not take any more wine let us go and see the most fas cinating male flirt on the stage." It had altogether been a very pleasant evening. Janet: found herself Bmiling over some of- the; talk Vand discussions which had gone on, but especially/the. glimpse of Maurioe Wynyard's career afforded her by his major's communications dwelt ,in her mind. She was sincerely pleased to find that her old friend was making way with.his associates. She had been a true prophetess—his fancy for herself had not long borne the heat of the day, yet she felt that Maurice's nature was essentially faithful.; How gentle'and kindly he was! Would'.lie ever be impatient with a wife who tried bird to please-him? Yes, of course he would^'ail amen' would;.1 It is their nature. Well, ebb heartily wished him all possible good forouneAnd happiness. ' Suwly it was a hundred years ago since he came inland found her shelling peas in the kitchen?1; Was she the same, Janet Rowley ? Sleep stole; oyer her whilp she strove'to answer this question. It Seemed to her that she was immediately in Mervyn Woods with Palliser beside-her; that he-pressed her closely, to him and Baid, "You know how I love you in spite of my temper." Then something woke her and she found Lady Saville's maid at her bedside holding some letters on'a salver. Her sister-in-law's absence oreated a great gap in the Mervyn Hall bousehold Janet found; . ■ i Her knowledge of the world, Palliser's world, was exceedingly useful, and though her nature was slight it was kindly and specially sympathetic. Janet was growing more self-distrustful every day, with the result that invariably, whenever she hesitated and tried specially bard to do the right thing, the wrong one presented itself and confounded her. The house had never been quite empty, but the guests bad been chiefly gentlemen. Lord Darrell paid a fortnight's visit ; Janet had always felt she had a backer in him. , He made great friends with Captain Rowley also, which was in Janet's favor. Under cover of this friendship the old man was more fre quently invited to dinner and matters went with tolerable smoothness. Darrell protested he would nob go home un less Palliser and his wife promised to come to Woodlands for a week or ten days hunting. "You have the best preserves, Palliser," he said, " but you'll find our Yorkshire bunting first- rate. I wish you had not pub your spoke in your wife's hunting tendencies. She would have been ready to come out with us by this time if you bad let her ride all the summer." "I assure you I have no wish to interfere. Mrs. Palliser can do, as she likes." "Thank you," said Janet. "That is all very fine, Palliser, bub you have killed the wish." "Nevermind," Janet added, "I am always greatly amused to drive to the meet in my humble pony carriage, and I shall be equally gratified to see you off at Woodlands." l"You are considerably too angelic, Mrs. Palliser. Now am 1 to see you on the 7th or 8th of December? I'll try and get a jolly party together. I am afraid most of the best, people are engaged." "If- you have good hunting, that' is the great point." " Thank you, Lord Darrell; I shall be very • And this was true. She was beginning to be jusb a little afraid of a tete- il-ieie with her hus band ; it gave him such ample room for fault finding. This invitation would fill up the time pleasantly till Christmas, then Lady Saville's youngest boy was to come to Mervyn, Mary Wynyard and her husband were to be at the.vioarage and Randall would give them a dinner. Then they were to have a tenants' ball and a ,ball to the gentry—tremendous projects, which would have had no terrors whatever for Janet could she have felt sure of pleasing her husband or secure of not dis pleasing him, hut her whole life was an un certainty. -• "Did you get wet?" asked Palliser one afternoon about two days before they were to start for Yorkshire as she came into the draw ing-room, her oheeks glowing from her race with the rain, her dark-grey eyes deepened into blue, as she removed her hat and pushed her wavy braids of hair from her brow. .. "No, I just escaped; bub I had to run for it." She stood by the table and poured out a oup of tea, whioh she brought to him. ■ Palliser rose from his easy-ohair, took it from her, and stood it on the mantelpiece. "Janeb," he said, drawing her to him and looking down into her face with admiring eyes, "after all you are very sweet and a deuced deal''handsomer than when !first fell in love with you. I wish-1-—"• He paused and then kissed her brow and lips.' -'" "" •"-What do you wishj dear Randal?" she whispered softly, while her'heart beat to suffo cation f was she-oh the point of learning the word'of'tlie riddle? "Why do' you nob tell | me? All I' wish is to'make you happy." •'There are so many little things that you don'b seem bo understand ; you do nob exactly feel with me. I am rather sensitive and I wish you could divine my wishes." Janet looked at hiin with distressed wistful eyes. "I fear I am dull, dear; I wish I had a spirit of divination ; but as it is wanting do tell me what my deficiencies are. I know so well when you are dissatisfied, which, alas! is very often, and I am so miserable because I 'don't know why. If you only knew how miserable I am you would be sorry." The soft, loving arms, went up round his neck, her sweet, fresh lips clung to his, and as she felt how passionately he returned her kisses a flood of sunshine seemed to fill her heart with intoxicating delight. All troubles and mis understandings must be at an end. He would open hi3 heart to her and show her how to please and satisfy him, and she would find it to be the omission or commission of some mere trifle which she had been too dense to perceive. "Now do. tell me what are my special stupidities." "I don't know that it is worth while talking about it just now. I am perhaps a libtle im patient and—but.there, don'b let us waste these precious moments on disagreeable things. In Jess than an hour we must dress for that in fernal dinner at the Beauohamps. Come and sit down beside me and let us talk of my plans. I had a letter from Compron this morn ing (he is'the Conservative whip, you know). He says our old representative, Skeffington, is going to retire from public life. Hs is quite sure of it. Ib will be announced after Christ mas ; then we'll have a' busy time of it, Janet. I shall have my manifesto ready to post directly his good-bye to the constituency is in the paper.'• J Bhall see Godfrey on my way through the town—I mean the agent. He is a firsb- rate man. I think I am tolerably popular in the county, .even with the bumpkins, eh ?" " I am sure you are, Randal," said Janet, speaking her real conviction and perceiving' that thiswas nob the time to press for any rules whereby to guide her conduct), for the greater had completely swallowed up the lesser in Palliser's mind, so she gave her whole attention to electioneering .Schemes until the dressing bell .'summoned ■ them — somewhat earlier than usual—as they had a six-mile drive to their dinner party. "What are you going to wear, Janet?' "Green velvet, I think." "No. Put on your white gown with the lace concern over your shoulders." " Very well," said Janet laughing. " I am not sure that Raynes will be pleased if she has put out the velvet." "Well, you must face her wrath for my sake." "In such a cause I will not hesitate," Baid his wife as she left the room. The dinner was more amusing than Palliser expected and everyone observed how brilliantly well Mrs. Palliser was looking. This was as ib should be he thought. Ib was her bounden duty to do credit to his choice. There was some gossip about the county member and a report that he thought of re-' tiring was mentioned. Of course Palliser held his tongue respecting the information he had received, bub he was a libtle ruffled because nobody said anything about his being a fit and proper person to represenb the county in Parliament. He_ was amiable enough on the following morning, but could talk of nothing except the coming election and seemed to be rather pleased to have a listener in his wife. The next day bub one they were to start for Lord Darrell's place, breaking their journey in London," as if was rather long and Palliser wanted to see his agent. They-were nob to leave till after luncheon, as-Palliser's appointment was not till the following morning. * ' Janet was. looking forward to her visit with a good deal of "pleasure. She liked Lord Darrell and knew several of the guests he had invited; Bhe hoped too that she should be suc cessful in; steering clear of all rocks of offence, for she fancied she had discovered one or two trifling causes of irritation, so trifling that she. could have laughed had they not affected Randal. "I think it will be a fine day," said Palliser when he sat down to breakfast. " Ib is rather a good line of country up fco Woodlands, but fiat when you get there. However, it will be dark by the time we arrive to-morrow. What letters have you ?" "A long one from Gertrude. She seems better pleased with Pau than she expected, but they have not had a good winter as regards weather." Having appeased the pangs of hunger Palliser took up the Times, throwing the advertisement sheet, after the .fashion of creation's lords, on the carpeb, while he scanned the paper for some mention of Mr. Skeffing ton's retirement. ' An exolamation from Janet attracted his attention, she was evidently reading the first column—the famous list of births, deaths, and marriages. " Oh, Randall! Just think — Richard Palliser has a little son. ,'On the fifth instant, at St. Oswald's, Sussex, the wife of R. Palliser, Esq.. of a son and heir.'" " What!" exclaimed Palliser,-in a tone that startled his wife. "There it is," she said, offering it to him and -feeling .suddenly as if something tragic had happened./ "Don't show it to me," said he, rising and throwing away his "part of the paper. "No, give it to me 1" He snatched rather' than took it from her hand. " Insolent scoundrel 1" as he glanced at the' announcement and crushed the unoffending print in his grasp; " What does he mean by * son and heir ?' Heir to. Mervyn ?, Not yet, 1 Mr. Riohard Palliser, nob yet !"• and he began to pace the room. - - • \' Janet felt stunned and utterly at a loss what to say, so ' Wisely kept silence, the color gradually fading from her face as she recalled Lady Saville's sentence, "When a son and heir appears you "will be mistress of the position." Was this the secret; of her failure to be all she ought to.be? How was ib that her husbandwas So eager, to'have a son to inherit his lands—his name? It was a sorb of prospective greediness, she could' not quite understand and yet ib was common enough; natural enough she supposed. But how un jusb to visit suoh a Bin of omisaion on her head when she would so gladly have welcomed a baby, boy or girl,. Not that Janet was a the kind of woman who yearned for . children —she was.not an instinctive woman. Children would _ be dear. to her on account , of their pafchetie^helplessness, bub far more dear wheq they had' grown'into independent individuals' and friehds. "What could she say?" was the question that'racked both brain and heart and she could find no answer. Meanwhile Palliser paced bhe room* utterly regardless of his wife's growing pallor, half wild withanger and envy. : " Those infernal money-grubbers have all the luck," ho exclaimed at length. " When I made the great mistake of my life, that shopkeeping wife of Dick Palliser's Cook it for granted her husband or her son would be the head of "the family—she will begin to believe it again." '' Still Janeb could nob speak; a strange struggle between a sense of guilti and a sense of injustice was going on in her heart and ho words would come. At last she faltered— How do yon know that Mrs. Riohard' thought such things ?" was her unfortunate ob servation. "For heaven's sake do not agrue," cried Palliser, roughly, "you know nothing about it, and care less," and he resumed his walk. " Janet was struck dumb and sat still for a minute or two; then she took up the paper, folded and laid it on the table, and was gently leaving the room when her movement caught Palliser's notice. Where are you going ?" he asked. " To hide your ill-temper because I cahnob always conceal my disappointment and annoyance ? You ought to have more sympathy with.me." "I have all possible sympathy with you, Randal, and I have no ill-temper to hide. I was going away because you are nob yourself and you are speaking more unkindly than you know. You will be sorry afterwards, so it is better not to stay here now ;" and she left the' room, • ■ .. . When she reached her own she sat down" like one stunned; she felt no inclination to shed tears. " A'curious sort of chill numbed her from head to foot. . Bhe felt as if she had been turned on the world, in the cold. What right had Bhe to be where she was? She had not fulfilled the end of her existence. What business had she to pose, as the mistress of Mervyn Hall, deficient as she was in her principal duty \ She felt like a swindler thab ought to be banished from bhe paradise she had entered on false pretences. A feeling of black dsspair wrapped her in the dull muffling of its dismal opaque atmosphere. ".I beg your pardon, ma'am," said Raynes, who -oame quiokley into the room on packing bent, and started back greatly surprised to see her ladyship there ab that hour. "Do nob mind Raynes; go on with your packing." She brought out the words with difficulty. \- " I beg your pardon, ma'am, but are you feeling unwell ?" "Not quite as well as usual," returned her mistress,',' trying to smile. "Imusbgo out; the air will revive me." -"Won't yon sib down and rest, ma'am? It's bad to travel when one is not quite right. Shall I fetch you some sal volatile?" "No thank you, I am almost myself again, i I will go and see if Mr. Palliser is going put." She rose and lefb the room, pausing in the next one to think what she should do. Wu.b Randal waiting to ask her forgiveness for his I outbreak? He ought to follow her for that purpose, but she would nob exaob too much, nor would she be inexorable; But she would! tell him how cruelly he had hurt her. And1 yet-ib was a bitter annoyance, this birth of a son to hiB cousin; she knew him—Randal^-, "better than she used,'and how unfortunate she was.' She began to understand that her hu3-' band did nob easily forgive failure or'contra diction, still he would be sorry for havin0 spoken as he did, and she must make him understand that although grieved she was nob in a bad temper.' Thank heaven 1 she.:bad.re sisted tears. If only ehe looked les3 pale. A quick walk round thegardenmight remedy that). She dreaded meeting Randal again, but that was silly! He would say a few apologetic words and promise not to do it again; then all would be over, only she could never forget— never! She gathered up her forces and descended to the library. Palliser was writing and as Janet crossed the room she saw that the evil spirit still reigned within him. His smile was exceedingly pleasant, but when it was not playing round hia.lips or laughing in his eyes, the master of Mervyn looked a very ugly ^cus tomer indeed. •. " Ob ! Is that you ? . I wish you would write a line_ for me to Godfrey. Say I cannot see him till twelve instead of eleven, to-morrow. I have a telegram from Compton, he wants me to be with him as early as I can to-morrow, so we cannot get off to Woodlands by the midday train. I told Coates to look out and arrange for the next. No! Take my paper, yours is too small and finnikin—use the third person, you know." And this was all. He seemed to have no consciousness of needing pardon. He held himself as if he were the offended party. She need not have feared a melting appeal for pardon, or planned her own phrases in reply— so trivial a matter as her sorely wounded heart did not cost him a seoond thought. She drew the paper towards her and began to write, but she could' not command her attention and she had to rewrite it twice. . When at. last it was accomplished she handed it to her husband, asking, " Would you like to look at it?" ' , He glanced at her'and the torn pieces of paper. "I hopeto heaven, Janet, you are not going in for nerves!" he said with a .frown. ''You are looking like a ghost! I thought you had the nerves and health of a milkmaid !" "If my'nerve3 were shaken for a moment you have quite restored them," she said steadily. " They Bhall not trouble you again." I am glad to hear it. I should be awfully disgusted if you treated us to hysterics at DarreU's place." \- Hia tone roused the stout spirit that under lay'Janet's loving nature and she pulled herself together without much effort." . "Very. well," she said. . "And I shall be greatly disgusted . if you. break, your leg or your arin while we are at Lord 'Darrell's ; if you do don't expect me to nurse you. So take' care."' There was a certain lightness in her tone which startled him. Not a tinge of ill temper,but a touch of good humored defiance. Palliser looked at her for a moment, a change, | not of Boftness, passing over his faoe. I "I hope I shall not trouble .you. Will you stamp these letters, please ? I am going to ride in to the post. myself; I'll be back iu [ time for lunoh." Then Janet hastily wrapped herself up and rushed away into the woods. Was it possible that herhusbaud, who could be so" charming, so loving, was merely heartless, sounding brass ? Had she been conscious of treating him with oold indifference wonld any atonement'seem sufficient? Could anything'ever'heal this cruel wound ? How thankful she would be to forget it. Perhaps as time went on she would grow harder, wiser, more fit for general circu lation, better' able to estimate things, and then would life be worth living ? (To he continued. ) 