Robbfeft 0earS at Gan y Mateo, j . 1 Bjt Nathan D. Urnerr : ' «fc»» - - . „ ii. the .enrly aaye of the Colorado gold fever ii would rinvo beiiri dililcult to make She inhabitants of the little Mexican village of Puebla (now Fiiebla -Citv) believe that Gap tain ' fasco, the famoue bandit chieftain of the Ban Mateo range, was not intelligently rind effeoturilly assisted in his successful de- tiaride bf efforts to capture him, by all th? . bears, black, brown, cinnamon and gristly, bf the. wild, wooded region and rbek-plled heights contiguous to his mountain fast. tides. ... ." Indeed, sharers in this seemingly abjurd belief wore not wanting among tho soldtera Sad scouts at the neighboring fort-; arid there was, aftor all, noma foundation in fact for the .superstition. " ' The bears litul boon soon mingling frooly With thd desperadoes in the thick of the fight, during the last stand against the troopets, and contributing immensely to trio viotory. On all-fours or erect, armed with enormous knotted branches torn from trees, or with erily their clnwa pawing amid tho deep SnoWB of tho higher precipices, and lenaittg dawn avalanches upori the heads' of thk. ..luckless assailants, their savage and phenomenal appearance had struck super natural terror to tho wuuld-ho bandit exter minators, and caused the attack to he relin quished iri panic and dismay. At least, such was the burden of there- ports, and there was enough foundation in these to afford, room for any number of exag gerations, which tho robbers were willing enough tri turn to their account. But it was reserved for inaideri purity and innooonce to probe the dread myotefy to the core. .. Those qualities wore combined in tho por- ioh of Isa, or Isadora, Mnhiana, an ignorant bttt very beautiful young blanket-WonVer of Piioblo, where the scrapes; or Mexican blankets, produced by hej- old aunt Manuela and herdslf were unrivalled far tlioir dill-a bility, tho brllli-niicy of their pnrti-colored stripos, or thoir ducka'-back capacity of sheading water. As a matter of course, Inn bnd admirers in plenty, fur she was as atuinblo as she was charming ; but her favored admirer was Jim Kcannel), a bravo young hunier-acout in the military employment. Ouo bright winter morning, as Isa was on bor Way over the mountain trail on hor fleet Bnow- enocs, and wnrtnly muffled against the driving winds, sho encountered ber lover makiug bis way to tjto fort, and carrying on his broad shoulders the carouse of a fat, blaok-tniied dou, which he-had that morning shot at the salt-licks of the Blua Water Canyon. "Which way, Iso?" he asked, his eyes danolng at the sight of her as he throw down hla burden for a lorc-cbat tbat was always in older With him. " Met over Long Trail, surely f" ; . "Yoa, Santiago," responded ber delioiona voice— ahe mostly Spanishiscd his given ;name thus—" to my uncle's at San Felipe. ,We are out of red nnd grey wools, and they must be had or our loom will be idle." . " To Sou Felipe 1" cried the scout. "Yon must not go, Isa — ot least, not until I crin go with yon." "I have no choice, Santigo." And a melting look in her deep oyca told how gladly she would hnve had his escort. "But it io madness. The trail skirts the worst fastneBB of Vasco and his band, and there's a chance of a light to-day. A squad set out to reconnoitre before daybreak, with half a regiment of Mexican volunteers to baak them. Besides, you might meot some of Vaseo'a bears." And he ended with a short laugh, though earnest enough iu his protest. Isa gavo A little shudder, but she was not wholly fearf nl. " I must go, Santiago, Vasco or no Vaecc," said she, smiling. "And as for tho bears, you forget that Captain Jose was my poor father's friend, which would stand me in good stead." ticnnnoll's fnoe grew troubled. He did not forget that Isa'e "poor father" bad been a robber-oaptain, into whose shoes Jose Vasco bad stepped at tbe tinae of the former's violent death. Neither did he for get—still more maddening reflection! — that it bad been cut and dried between the former bravo and blBlientonnfit thnt Isadora was ono .day to be tho iatter's wife. ' Don't cross the Long Trail to-day," ho persisted. " There Is always danger when Vasco is abroad. I am on duty at tbn fart to-day, ahd tb-moriw wa make an attack on the outlaws. But after that I can no- company yon to a an Felipe." " I airi .not afraid. Besides, I have no choioe. We have seven blankets promised, Our looms are Idle for lack of the scarlet wools, arid an old Manuela would be frantic were i' to roturn without them. Geod-byO, Santiago I" . Sho turned up the mountain, and he saw she was not to be dissuaded. " What is tbe msttor, dearest i Is tbat the way we separate f" As nhe paused in pretended sn'rprise, be ipmng after her for tho good-bye kiss, Hardly had she struggled, 'laughing and blushing, out of his arms, before a dark face —a handsome face, too, but just then dis torted with jealoUS hatred— peered out from an overhanging rook, and Was gone in a, flash. And thon tho young girl was springing Sway Up tbe trail, kissing her hand morrllv to her lover Until he disappeared. The way to Ban Felipe was a good nine mil«B over tbe mountains, and much of it through many .of tho wiideat haunts of tho Bobber- band. But the enow was wolicrqstad. the deeper drifts could be avoided, and Isa, who was well used to snotv-riboe travelling, flitted, gilded, ot bonndod swiftly alqn&tho; ronto, with which she had been mote or' IMS familiar from hor childhood, and with only an occasional timid glunco about hor, on she was passing Under Lob PIUob do Diablo ftho Dovlfs i?lneB/1,opnrtly- fareBtC(J,Bnow.ehohed Steep, OUt of which the bears were said to isane lit orlticnl moments in response to tho robber-captain's summons. She reached her destination without mis hap, Obtained hor wools from the industrious Indians there, bud, after enjoying a little hunch, was on her homeward road, with re freshed strength and a hopeful heart. But ebet had hardly repassed under the frowning brow of the Devil's Pines, when thhre WaB ft iOw call, Iri imitation of acoyoto's yOlPi from tbe thlokOb to hor left. She Stopped In terror as ri powerftilly- bnllt, picturesque ruffian ihtido his appear, ahae, with a warning goBtuip, and Jose Vasoo, the dranded robber- captain, woe in il6r path, "Daughter of my old comrade ahd cap tain," said be, with a smile, ! 'tis net lung SlnoO we have mat, but you have grown lovoller and lovelier. You are sweotor than mrirrtage-iiells uritoa iiopO too long doferred, my flower I" Isadora strove to Appear iridli£ero&t;| though too mUOlt terrified to spoaki Tbe last time oho had mot this man was neatly three years before, at her father's death-bed, Solemn wordB had then been said by hei father, pledging lifer as this man's future bride. She oven remembered him to have compelled her to clafep linnds With Josi ncrois his body, While ho m littered a Scaling benediction with hla dying iipa. BUt that Was all. It was more like the resolloctlon ef a hideous dream than aught else. Slid bad hoped that Joso hud either for gotten all about tho miserable troth-plight or would nevor care to demand its fulfil meet,. Indeed, she never thought of him o- »1J but with a footing of horror : and now— | ' ah, wet! might she thru pale and catch bei , \- breath at the unmistakable meaning of thoss greeting words ; ot tbe fervent gnzo of thocu , gloomy and remorseless eyes I j Angered at her soarcoly- concealed rupul- , alpn, no l«aa thpn inflaifaed_by her beauty— , \- — ;"7„, .. w ; - . 7, ;tv . which wnspcrhnpsenhriiiced byber trepida tion— ho lost no timein letting her know that he bad forgotten nothing, but rogarded her as Irrevocably bound to him. "Why do you not speak to me, little onof" hoot last cxrilslmed. "Shall you not 1 be ready when I eend to old Manuela for your hand, as I shall most assuredly, soon as I have given those troiibieioino blue-coats at the fort their final quietus! Ordo you con template trencliory— dioobedlenco to thosa death-bed vows f And his brow darkened, while his teeth glistened like a wolf's between his bearded lips, Isa could still only olosp her hands and trombic. . " Id it that I have a rival, girl I Speak, I say 1" " No, no, no I Ah, of what are you think ing, Josef" - - - ' . .. ;| ,;, y And slio stammered f or th.- other evxpiopg,'; irioro or less incoherent. (W . -ij-.i-r.i-> yi-- Ho intorrtiptod her with 0 . diiiboliopU laugh. ' 1 "What a po6r,rliltla,,depoivor.yp|i are I You should tako pattern from ymlriililor.i, fir stick to the trutli;'" Soannoll, tho.Amo'ri- dan, is yoiir lovet. I witnessed your odious —you were in his arms at the foot of the frail." Iu tho midst of her confusion tboro was a look of astonishment that ho well under- itoocl. -- " And yet he died not in his tracks, with : a bullot in his honrt," lio wont on. ' Woll, jronrsurprise is naturnli my donr j for my oarbine covered hiitl, my finger was on the trigger, but I spared Itlm. Woilld ynu know tho rcaoou I spared him, little ono f" Sho bowod hor palo frioo. -i- - A .... ..." " Perhaps he hns forgotten me ; but he saved my life once nt the risk of hlo own. It was in a Wild brawl at £1 Pftso. lie was both generous and brave. Jose Vasoo never forgets." — — ,)-.-»« She breathed more freely, bat bio next words chilled hor afresh. " But think not thnt I would resign you. I would not RUMsinnto him from-ririibusb ; but whan tbo time comes he must give you Up or die. Those soldiers, are fools. I am Impregnablo hero." Ho made ; a proud arid Ooiuprohonslve geatui-e. " Our fastness is Inaccessible, and avon the .fioroe bears, the savage, bessts of tho wilds, ore our auxi liaries." This wns said so simply that Isadora's last doubts as to the boar stories in currant be-' lief wore dissipated, and she viewed him with superstitious fear. Suddenly a bligle sounded from some where for up tho heights, and lie started. " Ha I it is tho warning blast I" bo ex- olaimed. " Oan a fresh attack be medi tated f" Ho . tightened bia - bolt, whiob literally bristled with revolvers, and Bhifted the carbine that whb slung behind his shoulder. " Come, I shall claim you in good season ; but a. kits before we part." A kids ! and for him 1 She shrank back, appalled. He clutched ber wrlot, the evil light, kindling In his dark face like an angfy meteor. But at that Instant there scranded n rattl ing volley from both above rind bolotf the height, and She was saved tbe threatened kiss. " Good-byd f t shall elatm ydu in gobd time." He waved his hand, springing among the slippery rocks with tho celerity of a moun tain goat, and disappeared among the trees, Then Isadora, shrinking & ' little further from the open trail, stood still in a sort of fascination, for she had never soen an armed struggle, and one wns in progress under her very eyes. Firing as thoy climbed, swarmed tho boys in blue, with their Mexican contingent hurrahing enthusiastically on either wing. The robbers gallantly retained tbe volleys With irregular firing from tbo timber lino, even hurrying down fenrlcsely to meet the charge. And the spell-bound girl could mark their leader in the van, no less bravoiy oonspiouous than waB tho young West Pointer who enconragod the attack with hla Waving sword. A thrill of gladness filled the girl's voino as she Baw tbo robbers beaten back, leaving more than one: prostrate' mnll n their le- troat, while the disciplined soldicra and their alliee slowly but surely followed them rip. ' But nt this janctnre tho young girl wlt- nesecd a sight almost incredible, notwith standing thnt her superstition might bavo in some measure prepared ber lor it. Tho robbers ouddonly disappeared, ob if by magic, tbelr places being apparently taken by trcops of savage hears, which Issued from the pines With ferociouB snarls nnd criee,nrid St once sat up such n novfel'form of resist ance and counter-attack as filled the storm- fug party with terror and dismay. grnsp, pawing amid tho white drifts on all- fours, or merely showing their formidable teeth and brandishing their mighty claws, they began to loosen tho clinging snow- heaps and hurl them thundering down upon tbe assailants' heads with a force nnd pre cision truly terrific ; and this was but ri mask for the bullets of their human allies, wbicb at the same time began to rain again, with more or less disastrous offeot, from tbe cover of the copses in their rear. The soldiers bad come to a dead bait, puBzlod and astounded hy the grotesqueness of it all, and this hesitation was fatal to their enterprise. The next moment the ontlre volunteer Contingent, which constituted more than fonr-fifths of tho attacking force, broke and fled down themauntain in an agony of panid, throwing away their gans,and giving utter- frightened neronmo nnd ycllsT Tbo cowardly example was too muob for ffle discipline of tho regulars— a mere baud, fal. at tbe most. Tho pnnlo became a contagion, ahd, though retiring with Bome show of order, thoy aiao gave ap the fight, the rout becom ing general. Ieridoro, who had witnessed everything from her littio nook of conottiltnont, buried her face In her hands. Butwbau eho looked again it wax to wlt- Aeos another speotaclo, whioh served to alter the entiro toner of bor mortiQoaiioti and fcoiB. Ono of tho bears, having missed ito footing on tho icy steep, camo tumbling, plunging, rind rOllibg head over heels past her retreat, betraying much of tho secret of his uoldforly intelligence iri Mb unstudied sprawls, and at the Same time uttering tho strangest expres sions of rage arid dleguBt tbat bad ever yet proceeded from a real bear. It was a rovolatiriri and, with her super stitious terrors riB'doliner'hn'' inheii'flVi. tiiy'' young girl dartitl .crib ufl'dn the' frrtil .atiil' fled away With all" the ' s-WlftifeS? 'ttafc Tllfr1 SUpple nitriblenfeSB chijild'oybke' know-Shoe okpotttiess, 7' Out of brenth, but still jbyous oVfiri lior troasurod discovery, she arrived at' 'old Manucla's adobe hilt before Suhddwn, Arid then lost no time in hurrying to the fort. " Whew ie Santiago Scanrioll i" she de. mandea of one of tho sentries. "I have a ocelot for hifn, I tnUet oee hlfa right away." „»w.v All tho garrison wore In a surly mood, fo« the dofeat of tho reconnoitring party had jusl bsen mado known. But thh msri whom she addtesoed, and whb wah Well nware of the soout'd loVe-nffAlr, laughed ao ho Informed her that Jiha was off on a hunting expedi tion, and would hardly return beforo day. break, whon bo was to guide a genotol at tack Upon tho robbera, then to be Irinde il Oonnlderahle falte. " Ah, I shall have to wait," said Isa, die appointediy ;' bat do tell him for me not fc> go away again without aeolng me." "It ain't likoiy that ho would iu an; caae, Isa," repliod tho eontry, with anothe good-untured lluigh; for tbe bfeautlfu blankot-mskor was a favorite everywhere arid there wan n't a member of the fttrrieoi that didn't wish Scout Jim joy of his wooing II Bat I shall boo your message delivered all the same," Bright and early, indeed, before sun-up, the next morning, Jim was at tbe. old Mftnuola'a oottsge, and it took but ' mdment for the girl to place him in posses! eirin of her discovery. Tho scout's blue oyes opened to their widest capacity, and then, catching Isa ia his arrris.'ha Shouted a wild hurrah, whlla raining his kiBses upon ber bluuhlng face, j - \- " Yon don't say so I" ho exclaimedj " What I tho great bear triok nothing morel tbitn a dodgo— a masquerade of robbers in boarokins?" - ' i. ' j 7 She nodded. . "Hurrah I tho superstition is/nippod in. the bud I Even the greasers won't ru'ri.. away again. . Wo'ilj lick, them out of their boote, and the giving away of tUis,sepi;qtronf,ff my part will gain mo promotion , aa scout of . .the,, department, , with .doutilen!riy/rr.,i prooontpnyi", 7 . .,1, ,7 '7, '- " Oh, Santiago; I. am so, glad ijVvr-Si--!... . And lsa clasped her hands, tho happy teara glistening in her dark eyes, , .:'/-Listop,.dqriT»p Yqu know that snug ' totiohiRf >mipO(fiiiiilih'q't()rin Wanl'J '"/jAnpthci-jripd;.,,,,! ' I 'iilYpuId youilike to bo thpre— as my wifo,; of course?" A'-- - I i" Oh, Bantlrigo I" i.a, w (And the hoppy tears mado Way for happy blushes now. " Good I. . Have tbe old woman, make yoa ready forthwith, for we shall be married > next Sunday. That is the day, alter to morrow, which will be two days' alter to day's scrimmage, which is destined to wipe oat Vasco rind his entire b'arid, big and littio hours included I" " Oh, Santiago I You forget i" arid the brightness began to fade out of the swedt| face. "My father biinBelf was a robber-' captain ; and " . ' "No matter I" cried Scannell, onoe moro( cotohing her to his breast; "Is it your) father's ghost or your precious, darling sclfl that I would tako to my home and hoars fl ' Good-bye, and God keep you "till my re-l . turn I But ri last kiss first 1" and-he was I gone. ' .- I That wns a fiutterillg doy for the pretty/ tittle blanket-weaver, such os she had not known, or perhaps dreamed of, in tho whoiel couree of her existence. A day of days, a1 day of leva, susponso nnd hopo, Biioh as, once at least in a lifetime, is the rich-set jewel of every budding maiden henrt, be'it high or low, opulent or poor, refined or conrae, tutored or ignorant— a priceless day, Henceforward to bo treasured in'nnfall- laeraomory. . But it passed, as othor days must pass, M drflams raust prisR; and soon after the first - news onmo in that the robbers had been completely whipped out of their boasted' fastness, resulting in the extermination of a majority of the band, including Vasco, thoir chief, and tho capture of the rest, Isa was sobbing for joy on her lover's breast. " Ah, dearest, it was almost a picnic for us this time I" be exclaimed, when recount ing the ovouts of the tight. " The secret of the bear-skins wns not generally made known amongst us until just beforo the storming of the steep, and its effect upontlio men was magical. Why, even the greasers, . as if sbamofaced and maddened at the recol- . leotion of their superstitious fears, charged . Up among the rocks with tho best of lis, and when the rascals ran >out their bearB it was for tho last time, I can tell you. We rushed fight among tbem before they could set their avalanches, moving, shooting 'em down right and left, and as the hoar-Bkins were intended to frighten rather than to hurt — were, in fact, more of an incumbrance to their wearers than anything olse— they were tnken completely by surprise, and made . scarcely any resistance. By Jupitor I tbbso bear-skins must have been saved up from the huntB of half a dozen generations, and I'm hotting high there's not one of 'cm loft but what is too riddled far future service of anyJ sort. Then, having dispoSod of the bears,/ we rushed through the pines, driving out thq rest of tho robbers, who didn't stop rnuningj till tho last ridgo of San Mateo range wasj reached, whore thoy made thoir last stand, ,>>. the bigger part of 'am dying in' their - tracks." '' " And Jo9e — Vaseo himself i He also was! slain, they say." I " Yes ; he fought like tho game bravo kej was. But, before he died, I recognised him as a chap whose life I saved iu El Paso some/ some years ago, and who sort of ehutnmsdl with mo for a short time afterwards. Per.! haps he recognised me, too. Anyway, as hej sank back he fixed his eyes upori me,gaSpirig out in Spanish, 1 It's as well as it is, old comrade, since tbe samo trail conld no longer have carried tbe pair of us!' rind then ho was gohc. . Of oouree, I oouldn'q imagine what he meant, but it matters little ono way or the other." J ; Isadora, who understood better than be; . and who had trild nothing of hor ericountss . with Vasoo on the preceding driy, merQly| buried her face- on her lover's shoulder) flhridderlngly thankful that tbe fierce / eyes of the brindlt chlof could coma' no more between her and her heart's - ' love. 7 . "Ah, thank Heaven you are safe returned l"| Was all she coitld murmur; "and thank Ileaven that you love mo 1" They were married on tbe following Sun day, as tho eoout bod declared -they should bo, nnd soon aftor went to live on Scan-! noil's snug ranch, where it may bo thafj they ore living in happiness at tho present) flay. 