NE"EDXjES Short, Sharp, and Shiny." A Solid Reason. Miss Bonds—"Bub didn't; you promise me when I refused you last spring tbat you would never mention this subject again V' Hunter—"Yes, I know, but I never dreamed then that your father would have suoh luck with hia investments." Sun. "Snared.' Cyclorama. Pantomime. Bookmakers. Continentals. Racing cases.' A wet wicket. Customs receipts. OS to Oodnadatta. Intercolonial orickei. A creep near Block 10. Disaster at the big mine. "The ghost of Napoleon." Last nights of. the pantomime. Earthquake shook at Parnaroo. North Cross G.M. Co. wound up. " The Attorney-General of Cabs." Mrs. Giffert amused at her arrest. Roberts beat Mitchell by 114 points. Two men entombed at Broken Hill. Orizaba's butter fetched 112s. per cwt. Miss Shaw pats Australia on the back. Lord Inverurie is getting a big boy now. Miss Shaw before the Colonial Institute. There is an Australasian Club in Edinburgh. Eour mail steamers at the Semaphore yester-1 day. A matinee at the Theatre Royal next Satur day. A Ministerial inspection of the Oodnadatta | line. Miss Ida Osborne at the " Continental" to-1 night. Murdoch intends to. continue playing ] cricket. The laundry case is exciting a good deal of j interest. The Advertiser is growing increasingly I popular. The penny post was instituted on January I 10, 1840. 1 A special programme at the " Continental" I to-night. ... The last night3 of the pantomime are| announced. Lord Kintore will return to Adelaide via Vancouver. The " Clown of the orchestra" at to-nigHt's Continental. Eifty-two bookmakers before the Police Court to-day. Wirth's Circus is doing good business in South Africa. Sir Edwin Smith and party will return by the Britannia. The Government endeavoring to put down public betting. The Orroroo district wheat yields are par ticularly good. • The circulation of The Advertiser is daily growing larger. The Marine Board are having a jolly trip to the outports. ' Last year 100 persons were convicted of common assault. The Old Course is being used in the mornings by horsetrainers. The Very Rev. Thomas O'Earrell leaves to-day for Rome. Specially attractive programme at the Con tinentals to-night. The drama "Snared" will be repeated at the Bijou to-night. Miss Ida Osborne's farewell at the Conti nental this evening. New Zealand is going to push the meat trade with Germany. Two miners named Jones and Riohardson killed at Broken Hill. MrSi Grossman, a colonist of 48 years, died at Bowden on Monday. Every copy of The Advertiser was sold j before noon on Tuesday. j Lord Kintore has refused to be interviewed I by Scotch paper reporters. Mr. W. V. Smith was rather rough on cor poration officials yesterday. Ten old residents of Strathalbyn district have died within ten weekia Mary Ryan lay down on the Sandringham line and had her head cut off.' A comparative return of convictions and dismissals at the Police Court. Sir Andrew Clarke wants the Imperial Institute to sell colonial wine. Eurther red actions contemplated in the Vic torian Education Department. " The down of the orchestra" will be heard at the " Continental" to-night. Ah Sun has been arrested at Bordertown for having no naturalisation papers. The first week of January has not been very profitable to the Angipena miners. The P. & O. Company's report for the last year showed a surplus of £179,326. Colonial stocks have fallen between 5s. and 10s. owing to rumors of fresh loans. Mr. Canard and his family of performers will tour the south-eastern districts. The account of Professor Tyndall's death appears in this morning's Advertiser. The South Australian cricketers were taken down a peg by the Sydney men this trip. Mr. Nethersole, th6 new classical master at the Anglican College, is a good orioketer, 3,559 oases of all descriptions were heard ] before the City Police Magistrate last year. During the last month 22 children were ad mitted into the State Children's Department.; 1 Coolgardie passengers should read the advice on the rival routes in this morning's Advertiser. There were 1,192 convictions for drunken-1 ness at the Adelaide Police Court during 1893. Sir Edwin Smith has treated his old English I friends to a quantity of South Australian wines. ■ Negotiations pending with respeot to the I pnrohase of a vessel for the "New Australian" service. • Mr. Masson will have oharge of the pro specting party in connection with Masson's I G.M. Co. . 1 Max O'Rell has been interviewed and told I "To-day" he had had a delightful tour in Australasia. The • Times says _ the village settlement I scheme is au interesting attempt at communal colonisation. Mr. W. H, Woodhead has slaved early an? j late in London on behalf of British Bloc11' shareholders. Contributions would be thankfully reoeived to wipe out the debit balance in the Seamen's [ Mission funds. Mr. W. y.. Smith gave. Inspector Shake, speare an unpleasant quarter of an hour at the ] Polioe Court yesterday. The Tory papers have_ been taking infinite I pains to show that Britain's naval supremacy is merely a figure of speech. .A farmer of Gerang turned his sheep into] a stubble paddock, but the wheat was too abundant and SO were killed. Erozenmilkis now being, put into tins in blooks in Eranoe. The milk retains its frozen form until the can is opened and, it is said, re mains perfectly fresh till then. Earms for the propagation of frogs have been started in the Chesapeake region. The oity of New York alone consumes 60,000 of the legs of these creatuves annually. They are now sold canned. In Vienna the frogs are bought by the 30,000 or 40,000 and kept in pits, the mouths of whioh are ooverod with boards. 