(NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] f THE ULTIMATUM OF CAPTAIN FAGUS. BY ERNEST GLANVILRE. . Author of " Thu Lost Ieiress," " The Fostickert," &e.;, &e.; Copyriflht. Durban, Port Natal, in 1879 was a gay and f festive town. The hotels were cranlmcd with warriors, the lodging-horsoes were stuffed with beds almost to otsrsting, and the vecy gaol was cleaned out by the white-roated ZLulu polidb forthe accommoda t tion of timid strangers. If report is to be credited, a very high official indeed took up his feather bed, in that time of scares,uand songht safety every night within the thick ralls of the t prison. Young officers, camped out on the lawn of the Royal Hotel. All day long there was the click of ivoryyralls, the genial popping of chanm- t pagne corks, the clank of sabres and the jingle t of spurs. Throuth the drowsy aftenroons smart traps , rolled out from thi yard and iwent spinning t through the leafy roads of the Beren, driven by military nondescripts, with high collars and waxed moustaches. Ladies with sparklling yes and hair of a pale yellow held court, and always had at beck and call a string of gay cavaliers. Some three weeks after Ulundi IFsat on a verandah overlooking a wide court, wherein a horse dealer from Buenos Ayres was entertain -Ai ae rowd of idlers. .""' :- -- 1g.h houldered mustang,-whiclh he Sid broushtaover as a specimen of the troopers »b could supply, and was ihowing the various uses to which his wonderful saddle could be put. Suspended from either and by a lariat, it made a serviceable hinmock ; spread out'it served as a blanket or a tabl-c.lot.lh thrown over the shoulder it became a cloak; folded up it was again a saddle. Thens he ladle a cast with his lasso,and swung the bolus, a feat which one of the spectators attempted with signal disaster to his own limbs. " Divil take the thing,' Ihe exclaimed as he endeavoured tountihilmself. "Won'tLsomeone loose me ?" Nobody did, all being too tired from laughter to help ; nso hle pun himself round, nrd the bolus, unwiuding, dealt out hard knocks to the helpless crowd. "It's as I towld you," he said, "1'5_ good at this, and what a lovely wealor. t'would prove in a feight." Skippling away' from the crowd Ihe dropped Into a cane chirC..beside tr0e and offered mre a cigar, as tllhough he hai known men all his life. " The lazy beggars," he said, " tllhey wanted stirring up,and I did it for them illigantly. I'm Captaini Fagus of the " Oirish Blower," rrandl am delighted to mak the acqruailtunce of a fellow correspondent. YoDt ied,'t intrroduce your self. I know who you are. I just inqui'r`ed of tile barman, ned by the saine token I'm ihry." lie whistled to a waiter and called for two whiskey squoashes. Calinin egues was a good-looking fellow, with a smotth face, flexible mouth, and a spair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at home with him at once. SI heard yo'ver here mrlooning away like a sick dog- excuse the simile-and I straightway came along, for companioslhijr's a moighlfy foine pick-men-up. Ifeigho ! It's nosclf that's in need of brigiitehinlg." le did not look it. In fact he winkedt at a pretty coolio girl who went by with a dish of piie-apples. I remarked that heseemedo cheerful enough. " Appearances are deceptivo. What td ye think if I towid yez I was in love ?" Ire looked at me seriously. " Ay, that's the trutlh. It's love thait's killing me, with all it'o distressful circumstances. But how was it willth you in the war.? Business first an' pleasure after." \- We fell into a talk about the advance of ?lsttndi,,and.he.lotmno.i?to 'some m ordoslf the .making of reputtions. - "I was with the craawling column on the coast, buh, had loack to it, tie divil a clhauce had I to distinguoh myself ; but'I tell you I made the best of my oplportutifies." " Ipw was that ?" " D'yo see, it was this way.' I wrote scrappy Pmragrals for thie IService papers, sand alwa ys hound the editor iel return to ray something tivrl about miyself. Something like this : ' We ate glad to hear from Captain Fngus, that smart correspondent, tlat the nlen in Zululand are ill good health and spirit,' Or this : ' We hear from Captain Fegus, that excellent war corres p)ondent, let.' I would also write letters to tile STimes,' with my full signature and descrip tiot'." s " And how did that help ?' " How, illdeed i Exculse me', but you are qoung. Why, pcople would say : ' Who, in thoider, is CaltUUir 1Fre0s T' anrd, tttylbe, soime clever knowall wouv l i eply : 'Oh l dontlcherkndw he's the famous'correslpoldent fodrtho ' Oirish Blower.' ' Get yourself talked about, tmie bhoy, and your fame is made, and if tno one else will do that service for your, lo it yourself-often." "' Tat's simple, isn't it ?" "Maybe. But it requires judgment, tact, and the helil ov an incidett now and again. There me ltck deserted me. What I wanted was an opportunity to will the V.C.; just one- and behelre me, no ono gave me the ghost of a chance. At Gingirhlovo I was burning to make a bohul sortie from the lancer and rescue some wrdiuled soldiers, but hang me for a Faynian if one ud expose himself. No, sir-and that's the truth:" So be rattled on until he exhausted the war atnd got down to tie record of town life, when he. returned tb his love affair. " I'm in love ; and it's deuced awkward that the complaint bsould come on me when I'tm 'ahoqt leaving for the ould coutthry.. I'm just burdling (6 confide in sbme oti. I'll tell you al--I will so. I girt hnc at tid tablo dl'hoto at the tttf ddiVl tlh? strte~.. Daor eye's,black Ihair, rh11t0uiyipe'-thl?dtweetest girl ot earth. I :ur'.tdeirrt at dilcretion-horse. foot, and iartillery r' a lr' stl. ho does not reciprocate ?" " Thinik site does." '" Then why theso tears." "I'll till yr, if ye'll give me a chance to get a woesi itt. Ye sec-thougir I soy it meuslf--me ftntily its OirehlurIrt is tre tiest itt the bird, with mIort piridc |al acres. Thie question is, ' Call I tIk: her tro mry ticestral home P' Tell me that "I',,t nttt COmlptent to judge, not having seen thie loly sand yoour ancetrall home." "Trne foryuu; but that's easy remedied. 'tou know ner. I reoiresent me family. Come altd litrn rith trr eart you'll know her." I erlt olff readiy,heartily enjoying the sitona. tion, rand lte, delghted to find a listoener, fairly btlblueld over wit jovial confldences. The long table it the cotifortable inn was crowiled wllth a misellaneous company-stolid )siltch farmners, cute speculators, army contrac Stors, andt two liadlies. The Captain sat olpposile the lattur, and kept ul a rnurtrrng fire oftllrid compliments, directed tt thle younger lady, who had a certain hold beatly. Aflter dinner we smoked at our ease under a trailing vine. "Now, you cowfl- blooded Saxon, say quickly whait you thintk of her or I'll silsngli yet." "SLitianveryehirmiaggirl, if I imny soy so." " T'htnks. I irirew you'd agree with mu. But say teow, didn't you remark she was a thrifle wiak in her graoumar? Clips her g's, you unlrstanr , solid dcsnr't do her druty by the aspirates." "'those are trifling blemishes from a pretty roueth." Threy woutl never he overlooked at ty an. Ieetrat htome," he rejjlied gloomily. " New t'll Loil ydulay plitu. Io drawn upan ullmatlum." . 40n nltimatum." tien drw k sheet of foolsrap from an oflicial govelope with t nloat serioas air. " e w y)ou listen to this.' I flatter myself it's " DBo Si-(that's hir father)-Dear Sir: ,'d?.s ]? t hess aware, I alt ardently iu defrdJ fct? whbrmneg taughter, and it s the 'Iat Elbty hsar tlat ssherhorld bhromd m twi ft. R Iy fiiy is the oelthst and the proudest itt •repasI, and my wife mustuatre eto deforet. Myv SIn yo b shr' tbhlr dees trot blind mo to the faen that her educatiost Iras not keent without its defrott--defetls whicrl are irexrcusallo in this youog lady. She has ae tcndooy tuo drop hrr f' ga?' 6n666a and her g'o from the oither, My family cohld forgive anything but that. Now, toy dear air, 1 would respectfully but' urgently pirolose that youtr la'ughter should be Inpced at one in all establishmhbt for young Iadies, where. she would be perfected in the elegant coo of her mother tongue, and tilted for Iho higlLtonour of a union with my fhmily. -Blieve me to be, &c.;,'&c.;" "You surely do not intend to send that extra ordinary documentt to Iher fatlier i'' "'ht's mtoy ilttention. It's only due to me family." * Well, then, send it in, and prepare to leav6 tihe rcutlry itn httrtry." el)D'yo thit kl'tll tike offence ? But tlhink of tile honour of ntI alliance with the ouldest family in l()irrland. I'll chance it, anyhow." I left sonn after for alarilzburg, and returning" at thet end of aweek, I found the itallaut Ceptain salted l on a log, the iutl0esteI spectator of a duel between Indian gamecocks, both arned with murderous blades. Their shackles stood out like enormous rltfles, the long tail feathers drooped, and tile gleaming eyes flashed like fire itider the fierce excitement of the battle. They met together in mid-nir, there was a scatternig of feathers, a Ilerce thrust hone, and one of the ,galant little birds was stretched out on his back. hlis owner, an excited coolie; picked him up thbtst t finger into the gaping wound, stitehet the ends togetlher, andil plcedl thle bird asidle, where it staggered to ifs feet, weak but valiant. "IIero ye see theepitomeof war," said Fagus. T'hrso birds have no real cause for enmity, they hvea no feathered harems to defend, or etores of gollen grain, yet nt command thety rush to ltattle. Upon me word when ye see the tragedy of glorious war played out inl a corkpit it makes you weep." ills merriment of a few days back had given way to a fit ot moralising. How wasoit with the ultimatum ?" I asked "Och, had luck to it !" It did not answer, then P" "It did not. The other contracting Power did not recel?e it in a proper splrit." ''~ The father declared war-P I told you ao." 't Did you, then P I wouldnot have credited you with so muelh ssne lie teclared war to the knife. Turned out his li-ht cavalry from the kennels, called out his inftntry in the person of a ferocious Znlu stable.boy, and came out him self with a fearful itmplement--they call its sjamtbolt. I executeda mannsterly retreat, leaving a portion of omy reargulard in the mouth of the cavalry." vI can't say I'm sorry for you. Young ladlies are not to he wati by ultimatums." " And me a member of o'he of thle oldest families in Oireland," ho exclaimed tragitally. i" Oh, now, that father was unreasonable. Ile snid he wanted no one to offef him iripertinent dlvice about his daughiter's education, and he had the blessed impudlence to curse mte antl my ancestral home. 'Twos then the war broke out, iam my partiality for bananas and ripe lips received a cruel blow. Seeo that pool of fout water on the flat ? Well, I went straiglt off there to drown meself and me sorrows ; but there Wis a prior clailmnt in tile shapte eot poor divil of a bloated tlog, andl so I lthought better of it and drowned the ultimatum instead." ['l:tE EvN.l 