SROBE THOB - HJE5® ROC3BL. Br Ompax. i f Continued.] 1 There were few families in or aroand Jellet's, yon might count the named men on- yqir fingers, and no young people. Life there was all so helpless, so aimless, tbat the children, once past the aee of dependence, took wing, to aeek for life, appalled at the object lessons they had before them of human vegetation. Half-a-tntle down lead from the townsmp in*re srooa a uouses cnougD oia and weathcrbeaten, was yet too large and prefcepfcii-ns to be tbedw^'liiig of a 'hatter,' It \t*as the. home of Robert Gardiner, Straight Rob you had to ask for if you wished to find him. . Seven years before this bright October morning Bob had bought the house, cheap, from a wise man, who ' allowed he had best get away from Jelletfa while he could.' To t!-U home be had brought his girl -wife, Manie, 'and here together they had spent six years of happy married life, doing well (for ' Jellet's), for dob was iudustriona and tem perate. Then, a year before, trouble had come. The husband and father was stricken i*ith rheumatic fever; the months rolled by, and into the crucible of this great need went Bob's earnings, their ten head of cattle, poor Manie's little treasures, her broocb, earring, . and engagement ring- Alone, unbelped, and friendless, die battled lor her dear one's life, for her three little children, fill. her. rosy' ^piiish beauty, her buoyancy of spirit, her Own etrejMth, went into the crncible with been ^ about ' for a 'week. ,A11 around that Once comfortable and happy homo were signs how fiercely and unsparingly the war had been carried. to the gate. The. gatden,'their unfailing stand-by, was overgrown with weeds ; far months it would yield nothing, even had its owner tbe strength to enter the lists with the long neglected soil. There was no cheerufl cackle from the hen-house, its occupants having one by one been sac rificed. giving their lives to bring back strength to the breadwinner. The grass grew rank between the slabs of the pig-stye, the corn house was tmlittered, the bail un occupied. The ghost of his former Belf, Straight Bob started for his work, knowing tbat he left behind, with his beloved and helpless ones, the dreaded presence of the proverbial wolf. Tbat morning, with a wan smile, tbe poor mother baa placed before him a mess of sago, boiled . with dripping. 'All we have Bob. Yes, Ihave some for them. Yes, and some for myself, indeed its quite enough.' And tbe heroic iittle toul, thinking of the curly heads still on the pillow, their breakfasts, then the dinner time that would come, had to fiercely hold herself under control ' only till Sob has gone,' she stipulated with her heart. The man ate slowly and grudgingly the unin viting fare, then rose to go to work, one step he took towards the room in which his children slept, but stopping, ' writhed and groaned a fearful groan,' and, without a word, was.L'oing out, bnt bis wife's arms were round him, staying him, 'Oh. Bob ! don't look like that; God will hdp us, I know help will come to-day.' Where from, M iuie? the words were apathetic. Gardner did not share -his wife,® faith. He only kiew that all, as far as his horizon extended, waf* a black. W?p work was a mockery, he bid no strength, no hope of strength, starv ing as he was, Catford, the storekeeper, whose beet customer he had been for years, bad refused him a 25ib_ . bag of floor — they owed him £7 odd — and, as he left his home, there came across his soul such a tempest of despair, shame, and bitterness, that its in tensity fairly exhausted the little strength the man had. - So Bob arrived at his claim, an old shaft on tfcv Twenty-foot, a tributary of the Italian lead of long ago. Patchy ground was the Twenty-foot, but then there bad been some very rich patches in it, and the gr-.und was soft. ' Full of thoughts of those . dependent on him, and maddened by the reflection, 'only three.. hours, and Effie, -Jennie, aztd'jlttie 8ob will be ajwrmg mother w_heu^^^nnw^^^^^'bg iotrarpiu 'brought £be' man rio thb eM^f his sfiihSE;; Utterly played out, he.gouged from the face a small bag of wash dirt, -made it Jfast to the rope, and climbed the shaft. Then winding up his bag, he wearily, and slowly wended bis way down to the creek. .Three dishes -he washed there carefully, but with neither eagerness nor hope, though he knew that there had been ounces washed from a dish from tbe Twenty-foot. The last bit of dirt was panned — one fine colour ! For a. few moments he eat, dish in band, the picture of etolid, helpless misery, then, throwing him self upon the bank, the man fairly writhed in his unspeakable agony. Writhed in silence, without a tear or a groan. Then there rang out the hoarse cry, as if dragged from his heart — an exceeding bitter oty, ' Oh Christ': It was not profanity, it was prayer, the first, perhaps, that Straight Bob had ever nttered — and not the prayer of faith, hut of' xlire extremity. Then there was silence, only broken by the swish-swish of the creek, and the laboured breathing of the half uncon scious man. Some hundred yards from where poor Gardiner lay, just at this time, there were two men coming down from the low hills to the east of the creek. If you had any ex perience of the men of Jellet's you would' have at once spotted them as strangers. There was about them the air of interest in life — a suggestion that for them there was something to he done, and to be done to-day. The two approached a tent, rudely but well protected from the investigations of the »'i™l life of the creek— weedy cattle, un wholesome looking goats, and gaunt horses — by a dogleg fence of saplings. Within this enclosure were heaped the impedimenta of the prospector, .windlass, standards, rone. buckets, -etc. — there was a complete foi^e, with small bellows rigged, small anvil on Its block, water tan, and charcoal heap. These men evidently meant to stay awhile. The two differed in appearance and physique ina marked degree. The foremost, and yonnger, who bore half-a-dozen blunt picks, ana a long dry bough for firewood, was a broad chested, cmrly headed giant, rather refined as to looks. (To be continued J. . 