PROFESSOR "SLUDGE." " Nottixgiiam Daita* Exthess.' It is somewhat odd that the spread of scientificknowlcdgoliasbcen accompanied by a peculiar revival in the cult of occult phenomena and spiritualism. Ilie lattor word is generally used-with a good deal of vagueness, and covers a multitude of mysterious and semi-solemn quackeries, but to its original signification, as defin ing a belief in the direct communication with departed spirits through persons j called mediums, it can still count many adherents. "MrSludge, the medium," is as mitcli alive to-day as he was whon | Hiowning composed the wonderful poem in his dishonor. His resurrection is greatly due to the morbid literary I activity of Mr Stead. This clover journa list has made himself a splendid centre of gravity for the attraction of contemporary Sludges. "Whatsoever quack seeks a serious " investigation " for his wizardry is sure of a hearing at the offices of the ex-editor of the "Pall Mall Gazette." Whether he brings a noiv euro for cancer, a startling telepathic revelation, or. an old I fashioned ghost story, it is all the same. Mr Stead will meet him more than half way. Faith is a strange human force. It permits us to beliovo anything wo want to. It even adds a now power to the recollection, and bestows on us the power to remember the past so as to suit the exigencies of the present. One form of faith is " as easy as lying." Given a little hysteria to start with, the man or woman who bogins to dabblo in esoteric Budd- I hism, or any branch of modern .magic, is I capable of believing -anything, and of preaching it afterwards as a new r-cligion to others, who easily imagine " there must be something in it, after all." Be sides, who shall fix the line where fraud ends, and self-delusion begins ? Ever since the beginning of the world it has baffled philosophers. Give the name of " psychic forces " to some of the ancient delusions of weak- lnnined people , with a vivid imagination, and we have a splendid I atmosphere for " borderland " experi ments. Dreams are strange tilings. Most of us are visited by some remarkable ones; all of us are not capable of telling the truth about them. Let us suppose that | some modern Mr Sludge hud an ordinary nightmare, lie might well dream that1 the Maliatmas in his bedroom drovo him, downstairs to the hall, where the ghosts,-; of departed ancestors chased liim back again. Mr Sludge would, wo may suj)-: pose, convert this experience into a1 soloraii waking vision. A careful selec tion of facts is merely necessary to ensure success. He has only to adjust thoin to suit the exigencies of bis story in order to find plenty of silly people fcady to baliove that our medium lias glanced I through " the veil" and inado a cheap excursion into " borderland." Besides, is therenot, after all, a sort of luxury .in being deceived V The other side of nature lias strong attractions as ui,change of scene. Irving—not the eminent actor, but tbo eloquent preacher Who was engaged to Jane "Welsh before she married Carlyle—and Swedonborg arehotthc only men who have " hoard voices." Apply the necessary amount of unwholesome stimuli to hundreds of brains with a morbid bias, and a whole neurotic crowd will hold daily converse with tlic last hatch of ghosts Charon had ferried across the Styx. About half the stimulus may perhaps suffice to produce automatic writing. But Ave are getting beyond all this now, and our spiritualists are begin ning to handle " occult forces " with as much dexterity as chemists treat gases. Quackery to-day 1ms called to its as sistance a spurious science. Our Sludges are vei-y export, and human' weakness as plentiful as over. The man who nowadays makes up his mind to lie-de ceived finds no obstacle to complete suc cess. Hs has always tho " evidence of his senses " to help him, and certainly could not find a more efficient ally. The pupil ininodoni magic always helps his professor. The former simply desires to1 " satisfy liis curiosity for a higher and deeper knowledge of this beautiful world," and the latter indulges him. A travelling conjurer at a fair can do it with a little practice. Wherever the pupils are gathered together, you will find Professor SUidgo in their midst. Still, these journeys into " borderland " are dangerous. Most of us inherit the ghost of ": a bee in our bonuets," and it is not all of us who know we are fools when some trickster succeeds in getting the insect to buzz. It is more pleasing to human vanity to think wo are the illnininali, and the rest of the world materialistic scoffers. But in all mediums are the seeds of mischief, and tho wise avoid tliem as tliey. do the gentlemen who do the three-card trick. Avelan, the Ituasian Admiral, while at Paris, received ten thousand letters from French women, askiug for. locks, of his hair. " He says heintonds to answer every individual note. , If ho ho as gallant a man as all Admirals should bo,' tho hairs of his head: are surely numbered. 