THE WAGES OF SIN. h Imagine a number cf peoi e gathered C round a dinner tab'e in Lnadon, in a Is fashionable quarter, at the height of the season. Imsaine the long table sl brilliant with glass, sugared bonbons and orchids. Imagine a host who has sprung from nothing and grown into so it much gold, and a hostess who has come of a good stock and descended into dia- si monds. Among a sprinkling of poli ticians and society butterflies sits a cer- u tain Captain Power and a young heiress, as beautiful as she is rich. On the a man's other side is the daughter of the house, a pale-faced girl with the manners b of a duchess, and a brain that has been u crushed by the weight of gold. " I think," she says gently, " that we b must try and persuade you to come to is us at Henley, Captain Power. We are intending to decorate the house-boat e' in quite a new style." "' How ?" "Oh, papa has some artist with a wonderful scheme of color." says the a girl, with a puzzled expression. "I suppose it will be all right, however." fi " You know I am always engaged," a the man commences, when the heiress breaks in,- 1 " Oh, yes, but this year you must n come. I am to be there too, and we p can have such fan." d The soldier flashes. o " I must think about it," he says. a The pale girl notes that the heiress flushed, too; and sighs. " I suppose," the heiress goes on, "that you hare seen Loie Fuller ?" "Yes," he answers at random, his blue eyes watching her face. "She makes a beautiful, artistic pic- C ture," the pale girl says. "A picture !" The color effects are wonderful. She reminds me of the flames we can often I discover in a wood fire." "Charming I"r' murmurs the heiress in sweet, soft tones. Captain Power seems at a loss how to continue. The heiress notes the crest- I fallen appearance of the man on her other side, who has taken her in to dinner, and flings him a word or two in order to restore his appetite. In a pause in the conversation, the man that is all gold is heard announcing the fact that he has bought Lord Blank's yacht; a young man, who seems too tired to do anything, suddenly rouses himself enough to discuss Ibsen with a juvenile old lady on his right, and in another pause makes an awkward remark on " Ghosts." The lady of the house, with some tact, drowns his voice and his stupidity by asking her neighbors if they will have some burned .lmonds, and pass her the olives : while the captain, who has commenced a pretty speech to the heiress, breaks off and looks ab stracted. Then the trivial talk recommences. The few clever men there are-like the still fewer clever women-:rnshed by the weight of gold. It surrounds them in every form; it flows to them in the voice of their host, 1ao they cannot struggle against it. Their only retalia tion will be their remarks the next day to a sympathetic circle of friends. In the midst of it all the captain tells the heiress that perhapr he will go to Henley, and she murmurs foolishly but prettily, "Oh, don't go merely to please me." " But it will be a pleasnre." "You have always ref need before." "I refuse nothing now that takes me where you are." " It is sweet of you t: say that-but then, of course I-" " You can quite believe it-and you know you do believe it. That reminds me; will you let me come and see you to-morrow-" As she blushes and veils her eyes with long dark lashes. he breaks off. One of the men-servan?s has whispered that he is wanted, and will he come into the hall ? Pazzled and much s?rprised, he mur murs an excuse and rises. The heiress leans a:ross his empty chair, and tells the pale-faced daughter of the house that she hat persuaded the captain to come to Heoley. "How kind of you!" answers the other, with a glanue that is anything but kind, for the triamphant smile of the heiress is maddening. The captain's footteps echo on the parquet, then there is a pause and the intervening doors are hurriedly shut. As he comes into th· light of the hall he stanLs amazed, and for one instant looks like a man in a dream. A woman tgaiy attired in cheap finery comes for ward and prefaces her words with a drunken laugh. "Thought I was dead, Jim, didn't ycr?" His face blanches. ' Yes." he answers sternly. " Well, I ain't. Where do you hang out at present ?" "Why did yon follow me here s" " Saw you drire this way and came in. Knew you used to dine here in the okd days when the girl of the house was a mere ki. 'Spect you'd like to make up to her now, as yon thought I was out of the way." There is a psause. The ladies are heard leaving the dining-room, but they ascend by another staircase, and do not pass that way. Captain Power's face hardens. "What do you want with me ?" he asks. "You're my huisband, ain't yer ?" A Yes." 'Then I want roaey, and I'II not worry you agai!." "I m,.t g :," l e specak with an eort, "and make ay excunes ufstaire. Wait for me outELde ; don't stay here," ll kick ou come I 'No games, or J be 01 P a rins row." we . C trust me. 0oWY go. I will rhB ho in ten minutes." coms - eres meets his eyes as he io notices lo the large drawing-rooMn and notices thing ; she greets him with a smile that is enchanting, and waits for him to join her. The daughter of the house rises hurriedly and as quickly resumes her seat. The captain speaks to her mother, i explains that he has bad news-to that fact his whits lips testify- and is called away. The blaze of the diamonds flashes in his eyes for a moment, and she says something politely sympathetic. He moves on, dazed, perhaps, by the sparkle. to where the heiress stands. " I am obliged to go away," he says, in a broken voice. " And not come to Henley ?" "It is quite impossible now." She is piqued. " Oh, very well. Good-by." He looks at her with a dog's eyes, full of entreaty, but she turns her proud little head, and makes a jesting remark to a lady near. As he crosses the room, his very senses dulled with pain, he mizses the pale daughter of the house. Once outside in the passage, he comes face to face with her. " Yon are ill or in great trouble ?" she cries ; "I am very sorry." He hesitates, and she goes on " You needn't tell me. I can see it in your face. I hope all will end well." " You are very kind," he remarks stupidly. " Have you any friend-" she com mences; but he breaks in " No-no friend can help me. You are very kind." In a dazed way he holds out his hind, but she shrinks back and feigns not to notice it. He is conscious that he is wonnding her, but the heiress and her hb.auty have blinded him; his one wish is to escape. " If I don't see you again," she speaks hurriedly-" if you need a woman's aid in any way, remember I should be so glad-" " Yes, yes. I muet go. Thank yon ia thousand times." He takes her hand, but her small fingers slip through his, and, without another word, she is gone. 5 The men are preparing to join the ladies ; the heiress, hearing their voices, t moves her seat to a sofa where there are a places for two, and Captain Power descends the great staircase and passes ont of the hall into the dark street; and what awaits him there '' 