Passing Notes. ' It is an i!l wind that blows to one any good.' The recent Sydney spook sensations with which tho name- of , Mrs Mellon, of Woolharo, has been identified, have blown a cap full of fame and a pocket, full of money to a hitherto unknown conjurer and society entertainer nntneil Hoskin^fi, who has been giving exhibitions oF' spook ex posures ' to crowded audiences in the Opera House in York Street. Tied up in a bag, sealed up, and fastened up beyond all chnnce of movement or fraud, be out-doeB the whole crowd of mediums, iu shying- tambourines out of a cabinet, and raising ghosts. ' Geordie,' 'Cissie' and 'Jose- phine ' have tripped around the dimly lighted Btage under the full gaze of the audience, and the eyes of a most trustworthy and reliable committee of investigation, 'including prominent citi zens, above suspicion. Sydney has been non-plussed. Mrs Mellon has been present, to see her old familiars under the witchery of a new master. Sage Scotchmen declare that it must be the 'devil ' ; and the Telegraph gives a column or mere, und their pic tures, to assist in keeping up tho ex citement and running the Bbow ; while true believers attend tbo ' seances ' nightly, and declare that Hoskings is a renegade medium. The last named gentleman says it is all done by trick ery ; but those who have been there most frequently, credit the Scotchman with knowing most about it. * ? ? The election of Alderman S. E. Lees to the Mayoral chair of tho city of Sydney has given an opportunity to Mr Sydney Burdokin to propose that the Mayor's allowance for nest year shall bp increased by £2 500. The pre sent allowance is £1000. To Bhow his Btrong leanings in the opposite direc tion Alderman Jeanneret proposed its reduction to £500. Tbe whole of the proposals were however rejected, and the amount stands unaltered. The proposal to increase the amount how ever shows how little some monied mon realize the difficulty of making a living, and the general shortness of cash, in these depressed times. Most people will tbink £20 a week a very ft-ir thing for a city printer raised to tho dignity of Mayor, to have added to hiB income, without its being in creased by another £30 per week. Mr Lees has shown himself a quiet going plodding man, but he has not shown any remarkable ability either in tho Houbb or in the Council ; but the good tbingB of tbis world have come to him, as thoy do to most steady going de serving men, who know how to bang on and wait ; but £1300 a year, and other etcs. is not such a bad reward for public services, of an occasional nature, in these bad times. ? # ? The Arbitration and Conciliation Board has 'gone bung,' unless out of pure philanthropy the officials go on without remuneration. This is out of the question, so as the House struck the vote out of the Estimates last Tuosday, there is on end of it. Hither to the Board has cost tbe country over a couple of thousand annually without having done any practical good. Mr lteid proposed to bring in a bill to make arbitration compulsory, but a number of tho members were intent on retrenchmeut, if Buch a thing were in any way possible, and they were suspicious of the Premier's power to impose compulsory arbitration j even if ho could carry a bill through the Lower Houbb, how about tho Upper Chamber? So they thought the safest way was to Btrike the item clean out. Mr Tieid warned the Committee that once the Dop irtment was abol ished 1 they might . say good-byo to arbitration ; but tho members wanted to retrench something, and they snapped at this as their only chance'. - ? » » The closer one lookB into affairs the loss surprise can be at the dogged do termination of some country members to offect some retrenchment in tbe estimates. In thoso years of boom be tween 1881 and 1894 spendthrift statesmen more than doubled the na tional expenditure, the civil service was stuffed and extended in all direc tions, the. work that ono man had to do 1 before was Bpread out among half a dozen, and apart from loan expenses and reproductive works like railways, not far short of £3,000,000 was addod to the working expenses of the various government departments. For this the country have to thank Parkes and Dibbs. On all hands, however, this extravagant expenditure has bean con demned, and loud has been the talk about making the country once more live within its means ; but there it ends. Dibbs blustered all over the colony about what he was doing in the Bhape of retrenching the vanous 'gov- ernment departments. The back bone of Dibbs was the talk, of the colony and people everywhere said 'This is the man.' But the cat is out of the bag at last, and we find that at the very time he blustered the loudest, he was secretly increasing the evil, which he publicly condemned. The returns show — and they have only been ob tained after the utmost difficulty — that while Dibbs discharged 372 officers on the plan of retrenchment, he added to the number by appointing 1569 new men. An instanco is given wbero the ex-Premier insisted upon room being made for another noniinee of his in a department alreidv ^stuffed to rpple tion. The he-td of tbe department it is said expostulated 'The last man you sent up is only spoiling government paper.' 'Oh well' of Dibbs, 'let this man tear up the paper which theotber fellow- spoils.' Reid now insists upon having £5,000,000 for the half-year, on the promise that he retrenches later on. But who is there that knows how things are worked behind the scenes that believes it ? 