Mrs. Jones' Tramp. \- yi'S" MrJonea frequently boasted among his friends that his wile was a woman wilhoal nerves, and never bad bystorios like Bomo poople he aonld name. And he was right. Mrs Jones, aa every body knows waa a eonsiblo, healthy, well- balanced woman with no nousenso about hor. Sho isn't afraid to Bit up oil night whan Jsptba is at tho olub, and sho makos it lively for bim when bo gsta homo in tho morning, A man who wouldn't approoiato a woman liko that ien't a little bit ot good. Bat Mro Jones began to think that per haps sho was a littlo too self-reliant and bofptai, and that Mr Jones was incfinod to shirk those Iorer-liko attentions whioh had onoo bosn tho sunshine of her life. " Too bad about that poor littlo Mrs Sim- son," said Jones tho other night as he ato bis snpper. 11 What's the matter with hor 7" ashed Msria coldly. "Didn't yoa hear about it ? Sho was alono in tbe house when a tramp wnlhad in and demanding monoy, frightened her almost to death." ' Hasn't she sense enough to look the doors when she's alone 7" inquired Mro Jones. " Sh: "iv: hlrn -I', tb ronnay in the honni- and then screamed nntil iiie neighbours hoard her." " Why didn't Bbo do hor soronming first 7 1'vo no patlenoo with snob womon," oon- tinned Mrs Jones, " Maria, you mnot romombor that yoa are different from other women, Yon con toko core oi yourself. Mrs Simson io ono ot thoso timid, clinging littlo creatures who aro afraid oi their own ohadowo. Whon hor hnsband went home ho foand all tbo noighbors ot tho house end his wlfo in hysterics." "H'm, a mas hind ot a wiio that for n man to hove." " Maria, yon have no sympathy. Yon think beaauBs yoa bavo no corves that no other woman has any. Tho majority ot woman aro dinging, timid things, and snub ou experiouoo frightens them ant ot oil soil- oentral, Then Mi Jones took his hat nnd wont down to tho office, whero he had soma work to do, telling his wife to ring him up if any ono dropped in for a gamo ot whist. Mrs Jonoo gavo eho girl permission to go out ; thon eho looked up tho bouBo and eat down to hoi sowing. She wasn't afraid, nor lonely, nor nervous, but obo was thinking. " Clinging, timid creatures? H'm I I'd like to know what some of tbom find tooling to, 'Poor littlo Mro, Simson.' Endearing diminutives. Evidently Mrs Simson isn't anybody's fool. I wish I clung moro. lfl woro going to bo born again, I'd bo a stinger next time, and soream it I saw my obadaw. What's that!" It was a oharp diatinct noisa in too kit. oben- Mrs Jones did not stand on tbo order of hor going, bnt west at onoo, Bha took hsr table lamp with hor, and as ehe stopped across the threshold confronted tho intruder. Her heart wont down into her boots. " Wrotob I" eho exolalrncd ; "how did yon got iu 7 Yoa must havo beon hidden in tbo itouoo. Oh I mcroy save mo I help I" Mr Joneo was sitting in his ofiioo hard at work smoking liko a faotory ahimnoy when his telephone rung. " Hello," ho uallcd, " who wants mo 7" Tbsra was a faint ond ghostly whisper of " Jeptlm." He rung up and rung up, and at last ho made out tbat Mrs Jo&oa; wan in mortal peril and needed hia immodiatq roturn. This wob something so unuoaal that It bothorod Jonua ogooddoat. It can't be too grip." he thought ; "It wonldn't daro to attack Maria." He hurried to hia houso and lot himsolf in by a latch key, Mrs Jones was in violent hysterias. What boa hnppnnqd ?" he asked. " Aro you hurt, Maria?" "No, only frightened," gospod Mrs Junes, swooning nt eight of him. Ho ran for tho oampbor, but found a bottle ot alcohol instead and applied .it liberally. In n low momenta Maria began to sorontn, nil tbo time dinging oouvulsivoly to Mr. Jones. " Don't olaw mo 00," ho said, jerking his ooot from hor hands. " I thought you had moro eenso thata to go into fits ovor any thing. Wbst was it anyhow— tha tramp 7" Mcroy, no I Worse, a thousand times woroc," Bsid Mrs Jongs, fegbly tooumiog the perpendicular. " Burglars 7" Worae than burglars." It wasn't a gboat, was it 7" asked Jonas, lookiug behind bim. ' Oh, no, Mr Jones, you don't think a ghost would havo frightened me, No, it was a nro&t;, awful mouso I" In view of' what followed, Mrs Jones thinks obo will never try the dinging act again. She says sbo novor listened to ouob Ittogaags in her Ufa. - '--—SI 