THE VOLUNTEER 1862. BALL. Aii —" PACKINGTON POUND." (Republished by Request.) Come, all ye good people, come one and come all, And I'll tip you a stave 'bout the Volunteer Ball And strive if I can to describe the whole lot, From stout Captain Harrap to slim Captain Scott. Deny Down, etc., The gaslights shone brightly, the music's soft spell Stole o'er each young heart like a sweet vesper bell, As entranced with delight each Hero they view, Encased in red shirts and in dark and light blue. Oh! Laura, cries one to her cousin so fair, Just look at that duck of a Major my dear, What a shame he is hooked for with him I could roam, All the world over secure of a Home. In the very same group stands a matronly dame With heart long a stranger to Cupid's wild flame, Who with brogue of " Green Erin" exclaims " Be me sowl, That's a soldierlike chap is that same Captain Cowl." Son xuai'iter in tnodo, yet still looking knowin, In the mazy quadrille behold Sulbaltern Cohen, And towering majestic in the same set, Is the fine martial figure of Sulbaltern Letfce. As Ceremonial Conductor w'eve Sulbaltern Irvine, Who with laudable zeal keeps the dancers from swervin', Full of Volunteer fire, yet with Mercantile knacko, Keeping a precious sharp eye on the price of tobacco. In uniform blue and bedizened so gay, Mark our little Postmaster tripping away, While looking quite stolid aside of this fat'un, Is the ladylike figure of Sulbaltern Hatton. Amidst that gay scene too, a Warrior stands, Who has fought for his Queen in all climes and all lands, And with pleasure we gaze on that emblem of honour, Which graces the breast of Lieutenant O'Connor. Let us gaze for a while at the end of the room, At that fine stalwart figure in Highland costume, Who comes stalking along with a dignified mien. Like a chief with his tail on the heather so green. The men burst with envy, but the ladies admire That fine warlike form and that eye flashing fire, But a fair one exclaims—" There can be nae sin in A wushin a washin t'th' legs o' Murray M'Kinnon." The contrast now mark to the Chieftian so grand In the dress of a Chief of a Volunteer Band, Oh! Captain M'Arthur what were you about, To come to a ball with your shirt hanging out ? And now for the ladies—ah! there is the rub I can write of the Major, the Captain, and Sub; I fear if I touch on these creatures divine, I shall have a break down at the very first line. Oh! had I the gift of Anacreon Moore, To the realms of Parnassus I quickly would soar; In words burning fire describe each sweet lip, At which gods, and not mortals, alone ought to sip. Pd sing of those forms which with Venus might vie, The cheek of peach blossom, the soft drooping eye; The smile which an anchorite quickly would win, And 'tice a poor devil like me into sin. I'd tell you how hearts beat with Love's hallowed flame, As pure and as holy as mortal dare claim ; Though Pm puzzled to know how the heart ever plays With the " ghost of a beat" 'neath those cursed tight stays. Pd tell you of words murmured lowly and bland, Of soft tapered fingers clasp'd tight in your hand; " Of a sweet tete-a-tete, and oh ! heavenly bliss, An arm round a waist and a sweet parting kiss. But gently my muse, don't attempt thus to soar, Don't you see all the crinolines passing the door? And hark to the clatter of knives and of - forks, The jingling of glasses, the drawing of corks. Those fairy-like forms are all flitting away To below, where shows forth in a goodly array, A feast Epicurean, each fair one to greet, With gifts of Pomona, soft, luscious, and sweet. And viands more solid profusely abound. On plates of these dainty creatures are found, And tho' fragile the form, says my friend Charley Nichols, Tis a caution to snakes how they walks down the wittles." And the grapes, golden juice, passes sparkling by. To bedew Beauty's lips, to light up Beauty's eye; And there's Joe, Paddy, Jimmy, all peggin' their grubs, These three jolly fellows wot sticks to thentubs. With goblets full charged, too, with whisky and water, Confusion they drink to the foul-mouthed "'Reporter"; And the Worshipful Sawbones of Masonic With gravity bows, and says, " So mote it be." Again sounds the music, again the gay dance— The polkas from Poland, the cotillions from France— Till paterfamilias exclaims with a shock, "My dear, do you see? 'Tis near five o'clock!" Then comes putting on mantles and putting on shawls. And pinning up skirts, and smoothing down falls; And squeezing of hands, which, to tell you the truth, I'd very great taste for when I was a youth. And the Ball it is over, I gaze with a start, At the beauties of Nature—the beauties of Art, As the one shines out freshly, the other goes by, With a sad pallid cheek, with a sad fishy eye. And such is our life—we come forth in bloom. We revel in joy, little heeding the tomb, But a span passes over, lift's bubble is burst, And it's " Ashes to ashes, and dust unto dust." But to preaching a truce, to the brim fill ! each glass, May gay moments like these from our mem'ry ne'er pass, So with heart and with hand respond to my call, Of three hearty cheers for the Volunteer ball. By an Ex-Volukteeb. 