ffiohs of the Jtlanth. THE Eev. Cecil 'Wilson, M.A., was consecrated Bishop of Melanesia on Monday, 11th ult., in St. Mary's Cathedral, Auckland, N.Z., by Bishop Cowie, of Auckland, acting- Primate of New Zealand, assisted by the Bishops of Nelson, Christ church, and' Dunedin, in the presence of a large congregation, conspicuous among whom were a number of native scholars from the Melanesian islands. There were about fifty clergymen in all present, and a choir of eighty men and boys supplied by the various town churches. Of the bishops chaplains in attend ance three were Maori clergymen. The master of the cere monies was the Rev. P. 'Walsh. The processional hymn sung was, ' Through the night of doubt and sorrow ;' the Epistle was read by Bishop Mules, of Nelson; and the Gospel by Bishop Neville, of Dunedin. The sermon was preached by Bishop Julius, of Christchurch, from St. John xv.# 16 — 'Ye have not chosen Me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain.' Bishop Julius pointed out a vital distinction to be found in his text. Supposing the disciples had chosen their Lord as other disciples were chosen and yet chose at present. It was quite possible to found a Christian society upon such a basis; it was often done. It was the common basis of sectarianism, and all self-willed religion. ' 'We have,' it was said, 'chosen Him; we have banded ourselves together; we have formed a Church ; here we are ; He did not choose us — we chose Him.' What house in the world, however well built, could have more stability than the sand upon which it was based? And if the stability of the Church depended on the choice of themselves, there was little hope for it. The existence of the Church did not depend upon the fact that so many persons had chosen such and such a form of fellowship and common worship, that they had united themselves into such a body for such and such a purpose; but it did depend on the fact that Christ had built His Church, and was calling one and another into it from the four ends of the earth, ' and the gates of hell shall not prevail against ifc.' Turning to the Bishop-elect, and addressing him personally, Bishop Julius said the thought would be comforting in the days that were coming that God had been calling him when he did not know it — in the young days of his childhood, in the circumstances of his earliest years. In the boyish days of schooltime He had trained him ; in the sports he had loved He had been fitting him for jhis work ; and in his studies, when as yet he had no idea of what great work God had for him, God knew it. Physically, mentally, and spiritually, through all his days, when he knew it not, his Lord had been calling him, until the word, through His Church, came. The preacher then went on to dwell on the point that the ordination was to bring forth fruit : this was impossible without intimate communion with their incarnate Lord. They were not as atoms cast forth unto the world, but as members of the body of Christ. Their brother would go forth alone, but yet not alone, for the Lord would be with him all his days. The great solemn work was closely bound up with that of the saintly martyred Bishop Patteson and of dear John Selwyn. They were not atoms. Their brother was going out with those who had served through long years of labour and faithful watching, those who had stood by the side of Patteson and Selwyn. It seemed as though the yery world were girdled that morning with intercession for their brother. It was the closing hour of Sunday in the dear old land. Many prayers were being sent up there — in Lichfield, at Eton, at Bournemouth, and elsewhere — prayers that were reaching up to^ heaven for a blessing on the servant now going forth to this far-distant mission ; and all New Zealand, too, rang with prayer that God would bless him, and consecrate him with the Holy Ghost. There were several hundreds of communicants at the celebration which followed the service. The offertory was in aid of the Melanesian Mission. At a conversazione held the same afternoon in the Town Hall, addresses were delivered by Bishops Mules and Neville, and by the Bishop of Melanesia, who said that when he looked at the places now won to Christianity, in a land which 70 years ago was heathen, he felt as if he was on a battlefield with the battle just over; but when he looked at the Melanesian natives, he felt it was not over yet. They had had great missionary bishops in Melanesia in the past, but he hoped they would still take an interest in the mission though some of the heroes had passed away. Bishop Julius reminded the meeting that at that very time the Bishop of Auckland's son, Edward Cowie, was being ordained at Winchester, in England, and asked their prayers for the young priest. Archdeacon Dudley stated, to the great satisfaction of all present, that the burden that had lain upon the mission had been rolled away through the liberal contributions received from New Zealand and Australia, and that there was now a good balance to the mission's credit. A MEETING of clergy and others, called by the Dean of ?**? Melbourne, was held at the Cathedral Buildings, on Friday afternoon, June 29th, to consider what steps should be taken to mark their sense of the worth and work of Archdeacon Stretch on his retirement from office. In the absence of the Dean, from indisposition, Canon Vance occupied the chair. The chairman, spoke in warm terms of the eminent services rendered by the Archdeacon to the diocese, and laid particular stress upon his generous and self-sacrificing efforts in connection with the foundation of the See of Ballarat. Canon Goodman, Dr. Leeper, and others followed in a similar strain. The meeting were unanimous in their regret at the loss to the diocese of a clergy man distinguished alike for his scholarly attainments, his courteous bearing, and his sterling worth, and in the hope that, though he ceased to hold office, the Church might long enjoy the . advantage of his experience and wisdom in her councils. It was decided to present the Archdeacon with an address, and to ask him to allow an oil- painting portrait of himself to be placed in the Chapter House of the Cathedral. The following committee were appointed to carry out these determinations, viz.: — The Very Eeverend the Dean, Canon Vance, Canon Goodman, Revs. H. W. Adeney, H. F. Scott, J. Lewis, E. Bishop, the Hon. E. S. Grimwade, M.L.C., and Messrs. H. Barlow, Dr. Leeper, W. E. Morris, G. A. Stephen, and H. M. Nicholson. rpHE following is the address to Archdeacon Stretch agreed to J- by the committee of clergymen appointed at the meeting held on Friday, the 29th ult., to draw it up : — ' Venerable and Dear Sir — We, your fellow-Churchmen of the clergy and laity of the Diocese of Melbourne, desire, on your / retirement from the important office with which you have been entrusted, to place on record the high sense which, in common with the whole Church in the diocese, we entertain of the faith fulness and ability with which you have ever discharged the various duties connected with that office, and of the eminent services which you have rendered to the Church during a ministry which has extended over more than forty years. As Archdeacon for the last seven years of the metropolitan district, you have gained the esteem and friendship of your brethren and of all associated with you by your fairness and frankness of dealing, your clear judgment and business-like qualities, your cheerful and kindly spirit, and your unostentatious efforts for the furtherance of Church work and the extension of Christ's kingdom. ^ It is well known in the Church, though there are only a few of our number who can testify to it of their own recollection, that in the early days of this diocese you were one of a group of strong men, the true pioneers of Church work in this colony, who upheld the hands of Bishop Perry, and by their counsels and labours helped that wise prelate to lay so strong foundations for the Church in Victoria, and to leave so well organised and prosperous a diocese to his successors. Few parts indeed of Victoria have not at one time or another been the scene of your pious labours. As Archdeacon successively of Geelong, of Sale, of Ballarat, of Hamilton, and of Melbourne, , as Administrator of the General Church Fund, Church Extension Commissioner, Canon of St. Paul's Cathedral, and member of the Bishop's Council, you have touched and influenced the life of the Church at many points, and have filled with honour most of the leading positions in the gift of the Bishop or of the Church Assembly. In the history of the Geelong Grammar School, again, we have an illustration of the service you have rendered to our diocesan institutions, but by no public action in your career will you be longer remembered than by your splendid work in connection with the raising a fund for the endowment of the See o 1 Ballarat — work that involved much labour and self-denial, and without which, it is not too much to say, the division of the diocese must, to the detriment of the Church, have been delayed for some years. We deeply regret the increasing infirmities which have brought a career of so much usefulness to a close, and we wish you to feel that you carry with you into your retirement the sincere sympathy and respect of all who have known you, and their hearty prayers that you may have much happiness and comfort in your well-earned rest, earnest of an abiding joy and consolation in the rest that remains.' ? A MEETING of the clergy of Melbourne and suburbs was held at Bishopscourt on Tuesday, July 3rd, to discuss the propriety of holding a Diocesan Festival this year. There were present — the Bishop of Melbourne, Canons Vance and Carlisle, and the Eevs. H. B. Macartney, Bust, Sutton, Hindley, Evans, Short, Bishop, Cross, Sproule, Good, Howell, Drewett, H. F. Scott, C. Thomas, T. H. Armstrong, P. B. Scott, Lewis, Kent, Kellaway, Symonds, Carey- Ward, H. E. Taylor, W. G. Marsh, and others. The Eev. H. E. Taylor was asked to act as hon. secretary. The Bishop and the Organising Secretary of B.M. Fund having spoken, it was resolved unanimously, on the motion of Eevs. W. G. Hindley and Dr. Vance, 'That a Diocesan Festival be held this year, on Tuesday, September 4th.' It was decided to ask the Bishop of Newcastle to speak, and the choir of the Cathedral to sing, the selection of the other speakers to be left in the hands of the Bishop. The following fifteen clergy men Avere appointed a committee to carry out the arrangements with the Organising Secretary :— Canon Vance, Eevs. W. G. Hindley, S. C.s Kent, J. Lewis, T. H. Armstrong, H. F. Scott, J. B. Gason, G. N. Bishop, E. Eodda, G. Sproule, Kellaway, M'Kie, Sutton, Cross, and H. E. Taylor (hon. sec), with power to add to their number, and five to form a quorum. The fifteen laymen to be asked to assist will be — Messrs. C. Pearce, Wells, Lloyd, Eaynes Dickson, A. F. French, Dr. Home, W. Brooks, W. T. Lazenby, G. Downer, J. M. Norris, Major Burston, A. H. Percival, Dr. Hooper, T. W. Burke, and Ernest Wood, who formed the lay-members of the committee last year. It was suggested that the committee meet on Monday, July 9th, at four p.m., at Cathedral Buildings, to discuss the proposed arrangements. It was also resolved that the thanks of the ? clergy be tendered to Lady Clarke for all her kind help and assistance in rendering the Festival such a success on the last occasion. The Organising Secretary was congratulated by those present on the prosperity of the Festival in 1893, so much of the success of which was due to his efforts, and the hope expressed that he may be able to lead the committee to as pleasing a result this year. A letter from the Primate was read to the meeting saying how much he had been 'gratified with his welcome, and with all the proceedings of the meeting' in 1893\. _____ ON St. Peter's Day, July 29th, after the anthem at Evensong in the Cathedral, the Bishop, attended by the canons, unveiled a memorial which had been erected in the sanctuary to the memory of Bishop Perry — the first Bishop of Melbourne. The Bishop first gave an address, in which; he referred in happy and simple words to the labours of his revered predecessor. He spoke of his intellectual gifts, his high academic reputation, the single-mindedness which characterised his work, and the personal humility which none who knew him could fail to recognise. Bishop Goe said that the character of Bishop Perry brought to his mind that which was said of St. Barnabas in the Acts of the Apostles — -'He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith.' The Bishop referred to the pains with which Bishop Perry had laboured to endow the Church with a free constitution, which, while knitting closely the bands of faith and worship by which the Church in Victoria is bound to the Mother TChurch, gave to her space and freedom to develop her own life in all matters of outward organisation. After saying it was good to remember and honour the names of those who had so faithfully served their generation by the will of God, the Bishop proceeded to the sanctuary, and drew aside the curtain which hung over the monument. He then read the inscription ; and this over, the Bishop returned to his throne, whence he offered special thanks giving to God for the grace which Bishop Perry had ministered during his life, with prayer that we who survived might follow the good example of the ,faithful..4eparted, and so with his Benediction brought the^'s^mple.f^c'iibn-to an end. The idea of the memorial -'originated with Sir George Verdon. It was designed by\Mr. Smart,,vand carried out by Messrs. Jageurs and Son.: The .td^sig^^onsists!,iof; three sedilla in red marble, with white marble^ canopy. A;bqve' the canopy there is a marble tablet, on V^ioh: .are i engray,^d5'th'e words of inscription ; above the tablet is a profile: ^lusi.lunlow relief, of Bishop Perry, which is the work of Mr': Percival' Ball, and seems to those who knew Bishop Perry in his later years to be a very successful likeness. Above the profile there is a Gothic canopy in marble, surmounted by a finial. The whole work harmonises very well with the sculpture of the reredos, and is, we think, an added ornament to make beautiful the place of our solemnities. The following are the words of the inscription, which is somewhat confined in space : — To the glory of God, And in memory of the Eight Eeverend Charles Perry, D.D., First Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Consecrated in Westminster Abbey on S. Peter's Day, 1847 ; Eesigned May 5, 1876, Died Dec. 2, 1891. He superintended the diocese committed to his trust with unsparing diligence and untiring fidelity for a period of 25 years. He was the author of The Constitution of the Church of England in Victoria. His memory is dear to his friends, and his name is held in honour by all who knew him. He served his generation faithfully by the will of God, THE committee to whom the Bishop-in-Council deputed the task of arranging the difficulties that had arisen in the Parish of St. Mark's, Fitzroy, over the election of Church wardens and Vestry at the annual meeting, and of conferring with the Incumbent as to a proposal for a change in the relations of the Mission of the Holy Eedeemer to the general work of the parish, have, after five weeks' inquiry, reported to the Council, and their report has been adopted. The result of their labours is that the dispute about the elections has been settled through the resignations of all the claimants having been placed in the hands of the committee, leaving the vacant offices to be filled up according to the provisions of the Trustees and Vestries Act. The Mission is to be continued under its present management, and, so long as the arrangement now made remains in force, is to be worked, separately from the parish, paying a rent to the parish for its buildings. It is hoped that, all causes of friction being now removed, the party feeling which has run so high in this neighbourhood during the last few months will be allowed to subside, and that, with the restoration of peace, there may be a return of prosperity to one of the oldest and most popular parishes in the diocese, and of comfort and joy in their work to the excellent and energetic minister of Fitzroy, and to his no less excellent and energetic minister who is in charge of the mission. THE following address from the Maori clergy of Auckland to the newly- consecrated Bishop of Melanesia is itself a testimony to the success of the work done by the founders of the Melanesian Mission, and to the affection with which their memory is cherished by their converts : — ' This is a welcome from the Maori clergy of the Diocese of Auck land to the Eight Eev. Cecil 'Wilson: Welcome, Bishop of Melanesia! Welcome, spirit of our father, Bishop Selwyn, who began the work on which you have started ! Welcome, spirit of Bishop Patteson, who gave his body to die in his great earnestness to preach the Gospel to those who are still in darkness and the habitations of cruelty ! Welcome, successor to our younger brother, Bishop John Selwyn, now in England, whose heart is still agonising to return to the work which he had to leave in consequence of ill-health ! Sire, we here to-day are the fruits of the missionaries who have recently passed away. Our fathers were like the black people of the islands to which you are going. ' We were sometimes darkness, but now are we light in the Lord.1 And here also stand some of the results of the labours of Bishops Selwyn, Patteson, and John Selwyn, and their fellow- workers ; Sire, 'Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them, for the Lord thy God, He it is that doth go with thee ; He will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.' Let the farewell words of Christ, 'Lo, I am with thee alway, even unto the end of the world,1 be your support. Go forth to our brethren who are ' without hope and without God in the world. ' Our prayer for you is that the mantle of the former Bishop of Melanesia may fall upon you, and that a double portion of their spirit may rest upon you. May God give you health that you may labour with success in that part of the vineyard. May He strengthen, enlighten, and guide you in times of weakness, sorrow, and difficulty, and then, when your work is done on earth and you stand in His presence, together with those you have taught, may you be enabled to say, 'Behold I and the children whom the Lord hath given me.' Though the majority of us are absent, we ask you to accept this welcome as coming from all the Maori clergy — your fellow workers.' ? WE regret to learn that the installation of Archdeacon Herring has been postponed, sine die, on account of his illness. ? OUE readers will be sorry to learn that one of the two missioners from England, the Eev. A. W. Eobinson, has broken down in health during the mission at Hobart, and that it is probable that material changes will have to be made in their ? arrangements for holding missions in Victoria and elsewhere. The Mission at South Yarra is to commence on the 25th inst., that at All Saints', Geelong, will be held in August. A Quiet Day is still hoped for, but all other arrangements are postponed. ? 11HE Primate, we learn by cable, returns to the colonies by the \- E.M.S. Arawa, which leaves Vancouver on August 16th. THE Daily Telegraph of April 26th has the following remarks on the Disestablishment of the Church of England in Wales: — 'In vain do the promoters of this measure attempt to disguise its true nature by describing its object as the Disestab lishment of the 'Welsh Church.' No such Church is known either to the law or to the history of these islands. It is the Church of England 'which is to be disestablished in four of its dioceses which happen to include, but not to include only, the Principality of Wales. It does not fall within our present purpose to discuss the justice or the wisdom of the policy which this bill embodies ; all that concerns us for the moment is to insist that the true nature and scope of the measure be not mis represented, and that the English public should recognise it for what it is — a first step toward the Disestablishment of the Church of England. This fact recognised, it is for the nation to say whether, upon a review of the part which it has played in the national annals, and of the function which it now discharges in the national life, it should be abolished or preserved. Of its past, and of the claims upon the affection and admiration of Englishmen which it derives therefrom, there is no need to speak; its record is not only inseparably bound up with the history of our country, but is the most closely interwoven with it in those very passages of that history upon which the vast . ;- majority of Englishmen look back with the greatest pride. The Church of England is gloriously associated with the two most memorable of the many trials through which the nation has worked out its great destiny — with the struggle for religious freedom in the sixteenth century, and for political libertyin the seventeenth. Alike at the Eeformation and the Bevolution the Church showed itself the faithful interpreter of the spiritual instincts and of the civil aspirations of the people, and at the latter of the two crises she stood forth as their champion at the peril of her temporal existence. These have been not, indeed, her only, but her noblest, contributions to the making of modern England in the sphere of action; but in the sphere of thought and morals who shall number them? With a few rare and brief intervals of obscuration the fame of the Church of England, as the most learned and the most enlightened Church in Christen dom, has for centuries reflected honour on the English name. The bead-roll of her saints and sages, of her profound theo logians, her weighty moralists, her golden-mouthed preachers, her inspiring leaders of religious thought, began before the Conquest, and the ink of its latest entries is hardly dry. It is for the nation to say whether they will break once and for all with this venerable institution, which has such a record of wisdom and piety, of zeal and devotion, to point to throughout the ages. They will be told by the supporters of Disestablishment that all this will be left untouched by severing its connection with the State. And that is true, of course, of its historic past. But what of its future ? What of the spiritual future of the country, which will then find itself divided between an ever-shifting ' multitude of religious sects on the one hand, and on the other the monumental faith and organisation of Eome?' CANON KEMMIS, at the annual meeting of the Church' Society in Sydney, referred in the following terms to the work of the Salvation Army : — ' To illustrate my meaning, let me refer to one well-known agency conspicuous in its efforts for social and spiritual amelioration. Standing as I do at the very antipodes of Church life, you may be surprised that I should publicly become its advocate, for I refer to the Salvation Army. As a religious crusade, I may object to its method and to some of the doctrines proclaimed by its promoters; but two things are clear — let who will criticise and condemn — despite their extravagancies and, to me, their shocking irreverence, God has not left them unblessed; and there is much that we in our more sober and Church-like institutions may learn from them. 'They have recalled to us,' says Bishop Lightfoot, 'the lost ideal of the work of the Church re the Universal Compulsion of the Souls of Men.' They remind us of one great feature of the Saviour's work on earth — His reverence for the human soul. The sainted Liddon's testimony is to the same effect. Then as to their work. To-day the Salvation Army has over the world more than 3000 centres of spiritual effort, and an income of .£800,000 per annum. Besides, it has numberless rescue homes, night shelters, food depots, carried on by many thousands of voluntary workers in the slums of our cities. These are credentials which even prejudice, bigotry, and malice dare not deny.' ? A NAECHISM in its latest developments can only be compared ?ft- to the epileptic rage for its senseless ferocity. What but blind homicidal fury mounting to the brain can account for that fell murder of an innocent man and incorruptible magistrate, at which the civilised world stands aghast ? What result could its perpetrator expect from it but to make all classes of society rise like one man to cast the accursed thing out of the national life ? Harmodius and Aristogiton were held in honour by their countrymen because they rid the state of a tyrant and a profligate. We pity, while we condemn, the Eussian dynamitard, because of the infamous wrongs that have goaded him to frenzy ; but for the murderers of President Carnot, the elected^head of a free nation, against whom no charge of private or public wrong-doing is pretended, what fate could be in store but the § common detestation of all, and their extermination by the 1 avenging forces of an outraged society ? Or did they imagine that | Christendom had fallen so low that it could be terrorised by a group 1 of desperadoes, like a gang of shearers bailed up, without a struggle, § by two or three armed bushrangers ? One thing at least they I may make sure of: the assassination of Carnot has put the | dial of social and political reform ten degrees back. For a long 1 time after this the man who only wants inequalities redressed I will be confounded with the man who wants all institutions | swept away — the man who only asks a fairer distribution of profits with the man who preaches that property is theft, and killing no murder. There is no wonder that the mob everywhere is turning against the anarchist, for there is no more dangerous enemy to the social reforms which the working-man desires than the root and branch school of Proudhon and Bakunin. riANON TUCKER'S acceptance of the Incumbency of Hamilton ^ has raised the question as to the title proper to him now that he has left the diocese in which he was a dignitary. His former diocese (North Queensland) desires him to retain both the title and the stall in the Townsville Cathedral. It rests with tha Bishop of Ballarat to say whether he may do this, or must resign canonry and title on admission to a benefice in his diocese. As the^ case may be quoted as a precedent, the Bishop hesitates to decide it Qn his own judgment, but proposes to refer it to the General Synod, that a general rule may be laid down for all similar cases. In the meantime, Canon Tucker will retain his title as a matter of courtesy, but will, of course, derive from it neither precedence in the diocese nor rights in relation to the Chapter. — — WESTERN^ AUSTRALIA is more fortunate than the Diocese 'y of Wellington, the bishopric of which has been offered to six English clergymen in succession, and declined by all, as the Bishopric of Perth has been accepted, after seven months' vacancy, by the Rev. Charles Owen Leaver Riley, Vicar of St. Paul's, Preston. ? r TN these days, in which the necessary funds for the carrying on J-_ of parochial and even diocesan work, have too often to be raised at the cost of congregational self- respect by indirect and not always admirable means, it is refreshing to hear of the marked success in a parish, and that a far from wealthy one, of an appeal from the pulpit for a specially liberal offertory. The Parish of Prahran being in debt, and it being desired to make a vigorous effort to clear it of its liabilities, the Incumbent of St. Matthew's, the Rev. A. Blacket, issued a pastoral letter stating that a proposed tea-meeting and week of self- denial would be abandoned, and asking for contributions to the amount of ^70 to be made on the third Sunday in June. On the day named the offertories for the day amounted to ^6140 0s. 3d., of which about ;S60 was in gold, and a like amount in silver. If other parishes, when they found themselves in financial trouble, would meet their difficulties in the same spirit, what a burden would be lifted off our Churches, and what searchings of heart over questionable devices for providing ways and means our clergy would be spared. 