THE FOOTBALL SEASON. NOTES ON SATURDAY'S GAMES. BY OBSERVER. ESSENDON V. GEELONG. Many teams are able to play a good game with Essendon—some to menace them seriously, but thus far none to beat them. When Essendon's games are diseussed after- ward there are any number of "ifs" in the text, but the most significant "if" in that connection is that if Essendon are not beaten shortly the premiership will be all over some time before the season. On Saturday Essendon ran over Geelong in the first quarter, and practically won the game in the first 20 minutes by getting four goals to nothing. This extraordinary run of success was largely due to the fact that Geelong played like juniors, that Essendon played far more handball than football and, above all, that acting presumably on a hint from their shrewd captain only one man jumped for the ball, and then sought less to mark than to hit it out to his comrades These tactics were successful in a marked degree. Essen- don were fortunate in the first half, too, in that the ball not merely favoured them, but, as one onlooker observed, it absolutely fol- lowed them as obediently as Mary's little lamb. " What makes the ball love Kearney so?" The Geelong forwards cried, " 'Cos Kearney loves the ball, you know," The barrackers replied. At any rate, Kearney's two handsome goals at the very outset brought defeat and dismay to Geelong. In the second half the ball didn't hang quite so much to Kearney and his comrades. Geelong pulled themselves together in the third quarter, and played some of the nicest football they have shown us this season; while in the third term— Essendon's own—they were as much supe- -rior to the champions as they were inferior in the opening half-hour. The last quarter was played chiefly in premature darkness, but, as the scores show, neither side had much advantage. The game was certainly as good a one as we have seen on a wet ground, and in its later stages full of spirit. Many who went grudging the admission fee came away satisfied in having the worth of their money tenfold. The premier amongst premiers was George Stuckey on the half-back line, for he not only played a slashing game himself, but was largely responsible for the success of Grecian, whom he first played to and then guarded until his rival, Greenfield, was at his wits' end through being so often baulked. No man on the ground was so good all round as Stuckey. Finlay in the centre was un- doubtedly second best, and when the con- sistency and brilliancy of his high- marking and generally clever play is considered it must be recognised that taking one day with another no one has beaten him as a place man these last three seasons. He may be re- garded as one of the certainties for the inter- colonial match. Officer and Chadwick played their usual dashing game back, and Officer's kicking in was very fine. Palmer has not been often beaten this season, but McCallum, chiefly by his deftness in turning, was too good for the Cumloden boy on Satur- day. Geelong, following the plan which once succeeded so well on the shores of Corio, put Marmo alongside Thurgood, with in- structions to watch and baulk him and do nothing else. He carried out his instructions so faithfully that Thurgood only got a couple of kicks, but scored two goals—one of them a following kick at a shot of Hall's, which would have been a goal in any case. Two heavy spills from Marmo and Harold Wilson seemed to take much of the go out of Hall, but Sykes, who can give full change for every favour in that way, was a very useful man on the forward lines. Byers was a great improvement to the ruck, where the exchanges between him and Kearney were continuous and clever. Forbes and Watson did the slaving, though the latter is still patchy, and Vautin as rover or forward was constantly menacing the Geelong goal with his sudden dashes. McCallum's performance on the wing gave him pride of place for Geelong, but the most noticeable improvement in the play was brought about by the inclusion of Pincott and M'Kinley in the ruck. M'Kinley, who has weight, played a fine, vigorous game, while Pincott was clever at passing. The best man in the close work, however, was Davis, the ex-Carltonian. All who appreciate fine foot- ball and long service will hear with pleasure that both Burns and Houston played something like their own game-and recent failures notwithstanding I would still pick Burns as, next to Thurgood, the best of forwards for the Victorian twenty. Little Connor was smart forward, but did his best work while roving. He took no risks in trying to stop heavier men than himself, but was always shrewd and watchful. In the third quarter Houston rarely let the ball past him on the half-back line. James is still off, and H. M'Shane was undoubtedly the best of the Geelong forwards. Seeing the game Rankin played on Saturday, one wondered why he has not appeared with Geelong earlier, for he was good both on the ball and placed, and J. M'Shane and Young did double duty successfully, though their natural habit is following. Marmo, while watching Thurgood, found time for a couple of his pretty dashes. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. FITZROY. Whatever the weather, three of the grounds at least-those of South Melbourne, Williams- town, and Port Melbourne-are always fit for football. In the earlier stages of Suturday's match there appeared to be but one team in it, for Fitzroy went off with a rush, and had six behinds on the board before South Mel- bourne thought of scoring. All the shots were within nice distance, and as the ball was dry and light Fitzroy lost the game in not then making better use of their op- portunities. They had, however, fairly outclassed the South in quick, tricky football. For the remaining threequarters the play was very even, the game full of fire and dash, with just a spice of spite, for neither side were disposed to deal gently with the other. The last quarter was something worth watching. The South had got two goals, when with a sudden dash Fitz- roy caught them, and the excitement was as great almost as when Essendon surprised Melbourne a few weeks ago. A mistake by the Fitzroy backs gave Allan Burns a chance at such an angle that a goal seemed im- possible, and his team were urging him not to try , but he took the shot-a forty-yards one-with the posts almost in a line, and, to everyone's amazement and the South's de- light, scored a wonderful goal. There was nothing finer in the match, though, than a Herculean effort by Banks to carry the Southern (goal a bit later. The ball was in front, and his own'forward and a half-dozen Southern men were fumbling when the Fitz- roy captain was seen coming like an express on a down grade. There was a yell of wonder and delight from the crowd as Banks went through taking the ball with him, and scat- tering red jackets and red and white alike in all directions. But, alas! within five yards of an open goal he slipped and fell, and a magnificent effort was wasted. It was just as well that the Association sent Trait to umpire the match, for both sides, in the language of the barrackers, showed a dis- position "to deal it out." Trait was loudly cheered on going on to the ground. Wonderful little Waugh once more held his own as the pride of Southern place men, and divided the honours of the day with Cleary, of Fitzroy, whose football was barely less dashing and just as valuable. Nothing could be better, however, than the judgment which seemed to impel M'Knight to always to the spot where the ball came the next instant. His wisdom was the wisdom of Peter Burns in his old South Melbourne days. Duggan got through a tremendous amount of down right slavery in the ruck, and was one of the few men who high- marked with certainty, being wise enough to wear a thick woollen jersey. Some of our high-markers should try the mittens worn by English footballers 0n a wet day. M'Arthur, Irving, and Gibson were usual conspicuous men in every melee. Allan Burns, forward, played his best game for this year, and scored two good goals, while M'Kay improved greatly, his high-marking being an im- portant element in his success, while he rivalled Burns with a brace of goals. His work in the ruck towards the finish was valuable. Howson is one of the few colts of the season who have come to South Mel- bourne to stay, and with his pace and judgment has a fine future as a foot- baller. Windley was not so well suited by the wet Sturf, but was still a promi- nent centre man-his post, no doubt, when we meet South Australia. The Southern backs were very strong. Forman paid par- ticular attention to Grace, and never gave that worthy the ghost of a show, while Charrett, Doran, and Morrissey played a fine defensive game, and the last- named, with his height, pace, and intelligence, will before long be one of our best backs. I have mentioned Cleary as the star of the Fitzroy twenty. Next to him Melling was about the best man, his early work in the ruck accounting for a great deal of Fitzroy's superiority at that stage. Matthews, too, played well then, but was quite out of it later 0n. Both Kelly and Sloane, but the former notably, were useful men in the catch- as- catch-can style, but M'Spearin, when follow- ing towards the end, played a magnificent game, and showed as much judgment as any man on the side, although a first season senior. Amongst the backs, the choice lay between M'Micheal and Banks, and, except for that ane thing already mentioned. McMicheal was perhaps best-his defence being as strong as I have ever seen it. Like Banks, his rushes were straight ahead, some- times over men-sometimes apparently through them. Weir was also a conspicuous man there, his dashes along the wings being greatly admired. Both centre lines were strong, the brothers Moriarty and Callaghan making an effective barrier there for Fitzroy. Although Lamley got both Fitzroy's goals, both Sumpter and Whelan played a better forward game-the latter's long kicks being faulty in direction only, while Sumpter is quick and neat in his exchanges. NORTH MELBOURNE V. PORT MEL- BOURNE. The going on the sandy Port Melbourne ground was first rate, and both clubs had a strong side afield, with the result that up to the lost change there was as even and good a game as one could wish to see-the scores then being an absolutely fair reflex of the play. The North's best point was their unity, in looking for and playing to each other, and their superiority in close ex- changes, while the Ports trusted mainly to individual excellence and ignored co-operation. Their greatest weakness was that about the centre they were always outnumbered through the default of their- place men. In the last quarter, too, they made the serious mistake of trying to run with the ball instead of keeping to the policy of prompt and long kicking which had so far served them well-indeed, the fine kick- ing of both teams was the prominent point of the game. But for the mistake mentioned- the result of over-eagerness no doubt-the Ports would have held their opponents to the end. As it was, North got their chance and made the most of it. In one point the Ports did show marked judgment-viz., in always spoiling the high marking of the other side ; but their weakness was their forward line. Had that been at all up to the merit of the backs results might have been reversed. The game was, however, a good and friendly one, each side getting exactly 17 free kick, and both admitting the fair- ness of Coffey's umpiring. North Melbourne undoubtedly secured a prize in Webb, for on Saturday he was every where, and always playing the best of football. He unquestionably was dux in the blue-and-white school, and O'Dea was proxime accessit-though some of the barrackers may insist that he was following. He kept clear of the crush as a rule, but played good breezy football, his high marking being once more conspicuous. Two players who did go into the ruck with a will were Morrison and Grierson, while Cox had the merit of not only being one of the best in close work, but a formidable place man when he had to play a lone hand. He was seen at his very best in the third quarter. Launder was much off. In defence Noonan, Rolent, and W. Stuckey were most in evidence, and by his nice dashes in the last quarter Stuckey was most effective. Reid marked well in the same quarter, but equalled neither Webb nor O'Dea in that particular function. Grant, although placed on the centre, roved close up to goal, but excused himself by consistently good foot- ball. Manton is entitled to mention amongst the first half dozen, for both his marking and kicking were of the highest rank, especially in the latter half of the game. Cornelius is and is likely to continue the pride of Port Melbourne. In this match he again showed his wonderful all,round capacity, two of the goals being scored to him. He is another whom I regard as a certainty for intercolonial honours. Three others of the side, Brooks, Drew, and Wills, may be bracketed with him as an invaluable quarter for Port Melbourne on the day. Brooks worked like a tiger in the ruck, improving immensely even on his Colling- wood form. Drew was a perfect dazzler on the centre line, and Wills back worked like a horse-and a thoroughbred too-in defence of the Port posts. His one fault was a fond- ness for over-running, with a wet ball. The veteran Morton was very useful all through, though the colts will annoy him with hints as to how football should be played. Cullen, Sims, and Freame were a trio of very useful footballers, and Crichton was an "Admirable Crichton", in that he was the only one of a weak lot of forwards who reached anything like the level of Wills and Co. of the rear guard. M'Murray is recovering from his out-of-humour spell, and his play on Satur- day was the best he has given the Ports this year. It means probably an early return to his best form. WILLIAMSTOWN V. RICHMOND. Williamstown is compensated for its lost whale, its two harpoons, and 40 fathoms of rope, for Williamstown has won a match. Their Jonah must have gone out with the "humpback" after all. That ancient manner will stop in the middle of the recital as to how he "hups wi' the 'arpoon an' stiddies meself," and will be silent when a royal blue footballer comes anigh. The ground by the sea was in first rate trim, and even Rich- mond's secretary was forced to admit that the space seemed too ample for his team after the snug little ground at Richmond. At the start it seemed that Richmond would lead, but the ascendency was a temporary one only, and Williamstown playing a good honest game right through, had fairly earned their victory even before they began to roll in the goals in the last quarter. Here as else where players and spectators were alike in the dark as to the end of the game. There was some trouble over uniforms, two of the Williams- town men being so often mistaken for Rich- mond-to their great advantage-that at last Sparrow had to complain. It appeared that the supply of new jackets had run out and some of the old striped ones had to be hunted up. One fine quality in Williamstown's play on Saturday which should have brought success sooner was their work as a team. In this respect they were remarkably even ; but when you have taken the best ten men out of Richmond there is nothing very brilliant re- maining. The finest of the Williamstown twenty was the country man, James, a very fine footballer indeed. He uses judgment in all he does, and plays clean and thorough football. M'Callum and Riley back were a very reliable pair-the best by a good deal in that quarter of the field. The pick of the ruck were M'Cubbin and Brownfield, and no two men on the forward line did quite as good work as Griffin and Gibbs -the last of whom caused most con- fusion in the Richmond ranks by the strong resemblance between his jacket and theirs. Apart from these seven it would be as difficult to find a man who excelled specially as one who failed badly. There has so far been nothing erratic in the play of Taylor, the Richmond colt, for again on Saturday he was not only the pick of their team, but probably the best man in the forty -and this though he was at times palpably astray through the absence of Parker, with whom, and to whom, he chiefly plays, Parker had to stand out through an injured thumb, for he is one of those players who, if he goes out, will be in the thick of it. Richmond, however, can spare a man from the ruck better than any other place in the field. Digby was an efficient substitute for Parker all through this game, and worked like a tiger. He is a player, too, who never knows when he is beaten. Others who did very well in the close play were O'Meara, Price, Williams, and Elder. Sparrow did the work of two men on the back line-and indeed had to do so, for no one else in that locality showed any form. A good point in Sparrow's play is that when apparently beaten he has always some resource left, and never admits defeat. Catt, who was playing up to Evans, did more than his share ; and Backhouse, as he has done right through the season, proved his special capacity at mid-field. Few men in that post get much the best of him. Richmond tried their good and constant wing man Shore a bit further up towards the enemy's goal, but no one forward played as good a game for them as Alsop. COLLINGWOOD V. FOOTSCRAY. It may not be last to say which was abso- lutely the best game on Saturday, but there need be no hesitation in declaring that at Footscray to be the worst. The ground was not soft, but the rain had left the surface in much the same condition as though a layer of lard half an inch thick had been spread on a hard floor, and the effect on the players was what might be expected in turning some 40 novices at skating loose in a rink. It was always the man who didn't expect the ball and had no claim to it who got it-and from the outset it was largely a question of luck and boots well studded. In the first half Col- lingwood had a little the best of it in that their ruck-but chiefly those two nimble midgets Dowdell and M'Inerney-played better to each other than Footscray. In the second quarter it looked as though Footscray at the outset would take command, but Collingwood were playing over them towards the end, and then superiority was so marked in the third quarter that for twenty minutes Foots- cray barely got the ball over the half line. In the last term things were quite as much the other way, and in semi-darkness the whole forty were mainly up to the Colling- wood goal, where Footscray battled despe- rately for the equalising goal without getting it. Jones, who formerly played with Carlton and Williamstown, umpired the game. He was a bit slow-for no heavy man could get along fast on such a ground-and though Footscray thought they had all the worst of the rulings, it was not the umpire that lost them the match. Collingwood may chiefly thank the gallant little pair I have already named for their victory. They were going all the time, and if no more successful than Footscray in keeping their feet, were far quicker in recovering them. Dowdell indeed was a veritable little wonder. He is, I expect, the lightest man in the game-not excepting Connor, of Geelong- and good as are some of the little ones he is, in my opinion, the best of them. In the inter- colonial team the crowd would go wild with delight over him. M'Inerney was only a de- gree less useful. The wet ball baulked Monaghan, and the best of the defenders were Proudfoot, Geoghan, and Pannem. Proudfoot's resolute rushes are something more than mere weight, for he knows just when to make his dash, and rarely fails in it. His kicking-off, towards the close of the game, with a soddened ball, was simply magnificent. Strickland was as active as a kitten in the centre, and fairly divided honours with Hood, the Footscray crack. Halewood was sent forward to brace up Collingwood's conspicuous weakness there, and while he and Sauce kept their places they were invaluable, but with the exception of Smith, who got the two goals, all the forwards showed a disposition to wander. In addition to the ruck named, Ashton worked hard. Anderson had any number of shots, but couldn't kick the heavy ball far enough to be dangerous. Neither Langford nor Kendall was in the team. The best man on the Footscray side, taking the play right through, was Hobbs, who was very successful in getting the ball when forward, but always a bit too far off to score, though his kicking was good. In defence Morgan and Powell were particu- larly in evidenoe, the former dashing out to meet it, the latter playing the wary diplo- matic game. Coward was helpless in the mud for the greater part of the day, and active only in the last quarter. Next to Hobbs the smartest of the forwards were Dickens and Walsh, the former playing a particularly smart game. Thompson went up early and often, but could not hold the ball. In his case mittens would have been invaluable. In the last quarter he was turned loose in the ruck, and worked hard -and roughly. Purvis and Pender were the best of the regular crush men, the latter foolishly playing without sleeves. Footscray were to have find new uniforms, but were averse to spoiling them at the outset with a baptism of mud. Moat of them found their canvas waistcoats a drawback, and were playing towards the end in scarlet under- jerseys. ST. KILDA V. CARLTON. Some parts of the St. Kilda ground were very bad on Saturday, notably the patch fronting the ladies stand, but all things con- sidered the play was good on both sides. Both made the mistake of trying too many half-distance kicks, for on such a day the chances are against the ball reaching the man for whom it is intended. Indeed, the weak- ness for passing nearly cost St. Kilda the game in the last quarter, and might have done so had not the Carlton forwards-with the exception of Leith-been so lamentably weak. St. Kilda were particularly busy in the second and fourth quarters, and during the last stage especially Carlton only got it about twice over the centre line. As the behinds show, the home twenty had much the best of the game, their ruck being altogether too good for Carlton, and had Collins and Abrahams got only a decent proportion of their many shots for goal the victory would have been decisive. Of those posted for defence M'Leod was perhaps, the best on the St. Kilda side ; the day not suiting Ramsden's style. Phillips in the same quarter was sure-a good point in a back man. Campbell was by a great deal their best man on the centre line, beating his man very cleverly. Although Collins and Abrahams missed so many chances forward, their general play was not at all bad-Collins, indeed, showing his best form for the season. Some of the side accused him of selfishness, but his luck seemed likely to turn at any minute. The ruck as I have indicated were busy, Cox, Lowe, Jones, and Dunn, with Matthews roving, being, a strong combination, and the last-named, by reason of his superior head work, was entitled to chief credit. The three Carlton men who did most to beat off the repeated assaults by St. Kilda were Patterson, Rolfe, and Park. The first- named was undoubtedly the hardest worker, though Rolfe was from the spectators, point of view best worth watching. Park, while working manfully, cannot because of an accident earlier in the season, kick any dis- tance. Hannah was too good for Shaw, and Williams after beating O'Grady for the greater part of the game, made a mistake I fancy in playing back too much on his own goal at the finish, with the result that O'Grady was able to do a lot of useful work for the other side. Both Turner and Ryan were much better men on the ball than half- forward, but the best three in the close operations were Blake, Balbarry, and Aitken roving. PREMIERSHIP LIST, ISO! North Molbourno South Holbourne loocsorav Molbounio Geelong M, Killin PortMilbourno ColUucuood Carlton Williamstown Richmond ESSENDON V. GEELONG. First Quarter.-Essendon, 4 goals 3 behinds ; Geelong, nil. Half-time -Essendon, 5 goals 7behinds ; Geelong, 2 goals 2 behinds. Third Quarter. -Essendon, 6 goals 7 behinds ; Geelong, 4 goals 2 behinds. Final Score. -Essendon, 6 goals 8 behinds ; Gee- long, 4 goals 4 behinds. Goal-kickers.-For Essendon-Kearney (two), Thur- good (2), Sykes and Watson. Geelong- Pincott, H. M'Shane, Decoit, and Connor. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. FITZROY. First Quarter.-Fitzroy, 6 behinds ; South Mel- bourne, 1 behind. Half-time. -South Melbourne, 1 goal 3 behinds ; Fitzroy, 7 behinds. Third Quarter. -South Melbourne, 2 goals 4 behinds ; Fitzroy, 9 behinds. Final Score. -South Melbourne, 4 goals 5 behinds ; Fitzroy, 2 goals 9 behinds. Goal-kickers. -For South Melbourne-Burns (2), M'Kay (2), For Fitzroy- Lamley (2). NORTH MELBOURNE V. PORT MELBOURNE. First Quarter.-North Melbourne, 2 goals 1 be- hind ; Port Melbourne, 1 goal 1 behind. Half-time -North-Melbourne, 5 goals 3 behinds ; Port Melbourne, 2 goals 4 behinds. Third Quarter.-Port Melbourne, 3 goals 5 be- hinds ; North Melbourne, 2 goals 4 behinds. Final Score. - North Melbourne, 6 goals 5 behinds ; Port Melbourne, 3 goals 7 behinds. Goal-kickers.-For North Melbourne-E. Launder, Morrison, Grant, O'Dea, Cox, Port Melbourne.- Cornelios (2) and Rigg. RICHMOND V. WILLIAMSTOWN. First Quarter. - Richmond, 1 goal 2 behinds ; Williamstown, 1 goal 2 behinds. Half-time. -Williamstown, 3 goals 3 behinds ; Richmond, 1 goal 5 behinds. Third Quarter. -Williamstown, 5 goals 3 behinds ; Richmond, 2 goals 5 behinds. Final Score.- Williamstown, 7 goals 6 behinds ; Richmond, 3 goals 6 behinds. Goal-kickers -For Williamstown-Griffin, Sigmont (2), James, Kenny, W. Warren, Gibbs. For Rich- mond-Alsop, Elder, Freame. FOOTSCRAY V. COLLINGWOOD. First Quarter. -Footscray, 1 goal 1 behind ; Colling- wood, 3 behinds. Half-time - Footscray, 1 goal 3 behinds ; Colling- wood, 1 goal 6 behinds. Third Quarter. - Collingwood, 2 goals 6 behinds ; Footscray, 1 goal 3 behinds. Final Score. - Collingwood, 3 goals 6 behinds ; Footscray, 1 goal 7 behinds. Goal-Kickers-For Collingwood-Smith (2). For Footscray-Parris. CARLTON V. ST. KILDA. First Quarter. -St. Kilda, 1 goal 3 behinds ; Carl- ton, 1 goal 1 behind. Half-time.-St. Kilda, 3 goals 6 behinds ; Carlton, 2 goals 2 behinds. Third Quarter.-St. Kilda, 3 goals 8 behinds ; Carlton, 3 goals 3 behinds. Final Score.-St. Kilda, 4 goals 12 behinds ; Carl- ton, 3 goals 4 behinds. Goal Kickers.-For St. Kilda-Abrahams Spiker, Collins, Smith. For Carlton-M'Donald, Leith (2). FOOTBALL IN THE COUNTUA ITALI AltAT SATinDAT The Ballarat and Ballarat lui] erial mot at ti e Saxon t a Jdock to-da) uni a good fast gamo ended I tavoirof ti clatter «ho netted c1 goals 0 behlnds to th r oj pomms bi-orc of 2 goals . btl li du The goal 1 iikiisttcrt Im til (4) VV Ttort mid htarl It tor Hie »innere ami Wells und 1) Richards (or Hie lours S0II001Í-. MAT01HS Nott Collo"o (Bot lilli) i Cauibcruoll Grammar School-1 ia) «i on 1 ri la) on the Ne« Collceo -.round and res iltod in a victory for Ni v» College I y ' «uah (I bthli li te 3 goals U behind« Tar the »iuneri the coal Klckoru vtoio A rhodtl Uultle tv Ucs and Ornliain, for tho loser' Westley (¿) binions (I). he. James s Grammar Behool v Armad do High Bel ool - V match bcUtecn thoio schools was pla)e I on I ridav altin oon an I resulted In i victor) (or St Janies s b) 6 coals lu behlnds lo 1 (,oal b bchlnds VICTORIAN JUMOR FOOTBAIL ASSOCIATION The fallowing are the resultB of matches i lo) ed on oat irda) - A Section -Austral v Collingwood Juniors -Ans trnl Scoalsto 1 coal ttorlh VVllllainstotui t Ascot vnlo-Noi Ih VV ¡lllumston 1 tool lo nil I sion Ion DlkUrlot v Solllh 1 nrn - l'swndon District I" goals to coal«. Unlveislt) v llriclilon -Unit emit) 0 goals li S goal« Tin* 1er Imperial v Camber nell - hu) 1er lui) C1 lal Mltlk over li Sietlon -lnno) Jui lora \ West Melbourno I l lors - Dr it 1 coals to J coals All Ion United v Is Uli Melbourne Junien-All ion Ui Hod 2 goals to 11,0 ii 11 it el ora t Marvlol out - Dm» J goals lo I go ils 111 mun ¡ck l Hlchmoi d OH) - lllol moi d oflv i coals lo 1 cool tarlton Juniors v 1 reston - Carlton Juniors U tools to 1 gool nuon\ HULKS The second test match took | loco on the Friendly Rodillos Our lins on hat inlay, und tho gamo | roved a vory ovonly contcsud and fast one Htohr was elided oaplnln for the T Ittcon and Howard tv as chosen to act lu u similar capacity for the Soventcon Th« first spell cudtd lu iicllbor sido scoring, nnd at lui!« r- '-"-^ [tintoeach t-oam nos confldont of winning;. lu tho [ Bcronil halt tho Fifteen's forwards played a better I gamo than t hoy il hi in tho Orat, ann kept tho hill well on tho ground. Thej ninao a lino dribbling nish up tho flü lil, aud Book secured a try right und or tho I wats, Stohr kicked the goiL Soon after Marks Licked u fine goal from a free kick for tho Seventeen, bringing their score to within tivo pointa of tholr op- ponents'. Stohr, afber a fins dodgy run. scored tho Fifteen's second to, but Diamond fulled to increaso tho score Again the fifteen pressed, and .francis kicked a goal rruni tlio field. Til is una the lost «caro | of the day, although the Seventeen missed two easy chancea of pearl ni: through overrunning tho ball , Tho scores, wben timo »as üalUxl, were :- riftoon, 12 I points; Seventeen, K points. The remit of tho gamo proved that Ind the luck boon falrh distributed tho , match % auld have ended moat probably in a draw. 