POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. BT SCORKR. UNEASY lies the head that carries a Premier's crown. Mr. Turner feels very much like "chucking it up " sometimes. I saw him chafe three or four times so visibly last week under the crossfire of opposing dictation that came from the opposite Corners that I could see it was touch and go as to whether ho would not fling his portfolio in their faces and say—" Do it yourselves, blame you !" The fact is that the Labour Party, who are the main support of the Government, is quite bent on taking the full worth of its monry nut of Ministers. In dictating the recall of Mr. Giilies, it was something little short of a command. And then when it came to the appointing of a liailway Board, why Mr. Hancock pretty plainly put it that he wouldn't permit anything of the sort to be done, and Mr. Longmoreintimated that he was quite prepared to back up the rebels. The fact is that the Labour Party are having a full and ample revenge. Mr. 'I urner snubbed the party in forming his Ministry. The memhers of that party are quite strong enough to entitle them to representation in any Liberal or Kadical Ministry. They didn't set it. But they hold the lives of Ministers in the hollow of their hands, and they will only do the square strictly on terms. The Premier is beginning to find out that he made a false start. He wanted to pose as a "Ministry of Moderates." But his followers hadn't the. smallest notion of playing the rule of hybrid politics. A dozen Labour members sitting in a solid bunch in the Corner, and backed up by such men as Messrs. Cook, Longmore and Gray, are not going to efface themselves ; and 1 fancy that before the :'ame is all over the Government will find they are severe taskmasters. Anyway, the Turner (Government can remain in power only by doing the work of the. Corner, and Mr. Turner will squirm a good deal at that, and eventually kick and break things. Mr. Hancock may be set Jown as the jolly member of the Corner. He leans back, laughs, chaffs and enjoys his life, lie enjoys his political existence, too. It is a perpetual pleasure to him to feel the tug-of-war, and he knows that bis side has the strongest pull on. He is given to boasting of his strengLli now and then, and roasting his opponents on their supposed weakness. "Call that an Opposition :-" he exclaims, laughing all over his double chin—"why.it is but the ghost of ail old Conservative coterie." Mr. Hancock runs Mr. Murray a neck-and-neck race for the post of Legislative humorist. What a difference in the style of Mr. Trenwith —hard, solid, matter-of-fact, seriousand emphatic. Mr. Trenwith never laughs himself, and rarely raises a smile in others. To him life is a serious business, and polities are a huge responsibility. He fills always a militant post, and is armed at all points eternally, with his lance in rest and iiis visor down. People are beginning to find out that there is a good deal that is lespectable in Mr. Trenwith—a strong sense of justice. Byand-hye, lie will be generally respected : hut I quet-tion if be will ever be liked as much as Mr. Hancock is. Men of quite a different type again are Messrs "Wintersnd I'rendergast—typical Laboui membeis. too. I fancy they are men who are ready to travel far, if not fast. They are brainy men. reading men. semi philosophers, who think and theorise, and long for a chance of cunvtrtmg their theorn s into concrete fact. 1 do not impute blame to them for this. We all do it if we have the initiative. Hut for all that, they are not what I would coll "safe" men. In Messrs. Cook, Sangstcr and Hamilton we have other specimens of the fame yn.iis. We need not lear a sleepy Parliament wheie such elements are found in any force. Close by we bave the correctives of these explosive materials. Mr. Murray Smith sits just as near to Mr. Winter as he can get, and ni-ai by are Messrs. Madden, Moule and Harper—the sedatives of all that is exciting. If the one set.of men argue that whatever is is wroncr, the others have a tendency equally pronounced to consider everything old as lespei'table, and all new ideas as dangerous and immoral. I assume that both these classes are useful in a way. The mettled carriage horse inakeE the vehicle go, and the brake steadies it at sudden turns and perilous pinches. I fancy there can be no longer any doubt that Mr. Gillies is fated to come back again. From one point of view this is a little rough. The old warrior has just got off all his war-paint, and begins to feel happy and comfortable in the soft. London lounges, amidst the smiling Hebes of luxury's surroundings. By-the-bye, Mr. Gillie 0 , to give him ins due, always knew how to enjoy pleasure, even when he had to fight hard Parliamentary battles at night to gain the meaus of morning enjoyment. And as the years fly away he gets no younger- •"he day of bis easeful rest seemed to come to hini when Sir James Patterson laid the alluring oiler of the Agency-General at his feet. " You know, Mr. Giilies, the country wants a wise man ill London—a sate man—a solid man—one who can speak the word in season, and who knows when to hold his tongue. There are many men who would be glad to have this great post. There is one nnlv to whom it is reallv due. You are be." Mr. Gillies had said to his'tempter a little while before—"No, thank you: my duty lies here.'' But what man or woman was ever yet proof to a judicious piece of flattery 'r Mr. Gillie? I'.-ll, as might anybody. Fancy ..tijm a ye\r to do nothing, when everybody else is being" retrenched to the bone." I have never altered my opinion about the immorality of the act which sent Mr. Gillies to London. He was not wanted there. It was a time of severe retrenchment. And here was profligate expenditure. Mr. Gillies was not faultless in taking t.he bait; but his >vas a minor offence. Yet he bears the burden of the wrong in having to come back again under the stigma of a recall, should Parliament decree it, as is almost certain. I shall feel a little sympathy for Mr. Gillies, but it will he an act of retributive justice for all that. ITis mistakes did more than all else to hurry this colony into its unbridled extravagance. It was a scandal that, in the time of our greatest distress he should pluck the ripe fruit of a fat., sinecure cilice. There was a good deal said for and against cutting the public servant to the bone. And it was well said. Sir .lames Patterson defended his policy, and asked Parliament to endorse it. lie bad the advantage of talking to a House that was fearful of new taxation. But it. was of no use. 'I he time has passed when any word from him has any weight, in the counsels of the nations. Ministers were firm, and the Premier had no trouble in showing that the Act ot shearing i ll this second sum of .£73,Out) from the public was a iece of wondrous class taxation. Sir .lames charged the Government with paving he money as the reward of the Public Service vote at- the recent election?. Mr. Turner immeiately forced him to retract, the charge. He. had o difficulty at. all in showing that this Pattcronian tax'on the Public Service was 1-vitd to nable the lis,:>,,t) great landr.wncrs.to escape scot ree. There arc scarcely half a-score men in the whole House willing to support Sir ,lames Patterson. Ministers seem to be quite happy as to the prospects of this session. They have fixed the day for the prorogation. They say they will finish up on Friday, the L'lst, and that the Legislative Council willVic.-ept their taxation proposals with avidity. I fancy this is so. The Turner scheme is an'admirable one for the rich. It exempts every large country 'and owner from the Income Tax," and relieves them all of the worst f eatures of the present Land Tax. Had Sir James Patterson passed his Land Tax, Mr. Staughton would have had to pay both Land Tax and Income Tax. Nonhe will pay one only. The Legislative Council will not be slow to recognise that they have a good thing on in the Turner taxation scheme. 