It is in the fitness of things that the Premier, in the day of his papular dis credit, should he taken up as the protdgd' of the Conservative organ. Jho partnership is in all respects a homogeneous one, and such as in the nature of affairs ought to be lasting from its perfoct congniity..f(fJ .)Vltab " do we achieve hy dismissal" tlio present "Ministers?" asks the frco-tlndo scribe. And it never seems to occur to this genius that tiie snpremo necessity of the hour is to have in command of tho public iutorcsls a man who can at laast conduct affairs with somo approach to sober- ness of judgment and sanity of con- duct. As we pointed out yestordny, had Ministers pulled togstlior their dis- traught senses, and evon in a second Budget made some attempt to grnpplo witli tho situation, tharo would he mncli to urge in favor of Parliament making tlio best of its very had Ministerial bargain. But opinion has everywhere deepened into positivo conviction that thore docs not exist within tho corporntc limits of the Cabinet tlio capacity to distantly appro- bend tlio truo financial position of the colony. AVo are justified in coming to this conclusion by two vory strong reasons. Tho first is that tho original Budget submitted hy Mr. Carter must have boon more or less a Cabinet affair, though it seems to havo been conoocted mostly hy the Conservative section of the Government. In that Budget, by common consent now it is admitted that there was not so much as a glimmering idea of the colony's noeds, nor of the means of accomplishing tlicm. It has heon a marvel ever since Mr. Carter spnko to account for the perfect mental obfuscatinn exhibited iu tho composition of that now historic bungle. But if Minioiuis cannot think, the can feol. And it lias to be conceded that they wero quick to shrink under tlio lash of universal exasporatioa which thoir. Bndgot evoked. Tho Treasurer's finan cial egg was hatched during long weeks of mental parturition ; hut tlio bantling was killed by its parents almost in an hour. Tlio part of tlio Budget referring to tarilf amendment was conserved ; hut that, ton, lias since heon given up by tlio Premier. The second proof of tho opaque- ness of the Ministerial mind springs from tho third inovo which they made. The Budget No. 1 having heon submitted and withdrawn, a second was put before Parliament in pieces — first by tho Treasurer, and supplemented by tlio Premier. Beforo submitting Budget No. 2 tho Government had time to review the position in tlio light of criticism. And when we reflect that tho second Budget consists of a half year's income tax and nothing else, and that Parliament is gravoly asked to take this ns an adequate provision for the public needs, it must become as palpable as the snn at midday that the physician who makes np thiB pre- scription is a political quack of tho most impudent and ignorant kind. Mr. Turner is takon to task hy tiie journalistic moutiipicco of this buffoon Ministry hecaiiso lie did not submit nn Opposition Budget in detail. Tho idiocy of ttiis criticism is on a par with its advocacy of a Government which has no Budget at all. It iB typical of tho policy of drivel and drift which Parliament is deli berately invited to enter on. What Mr. Turner did, though in tlio briefest possible manner, was to indicate that lie had grasped a knowledge of tho financial leak age. He did this when ha proclaimed the fact that the Stato is going to the bad at the rate of £1500 a day. It has been found impossible to get that fact recognised hy any one of the present Government. Yet, as we have shown in detail, working out the figures in a variety of ways, the truth of the averment cannot he gainsaid. It is truo that Mr. Harper made the prospective deficit only £250,000 ; hut lie left out of count all the remissions which have been made and proposed to be mado in the revenue, and consented to inflate tlio estimates. Mr. Shicls, on tiie basis of the original Budget, made the shortage about £500,000, and Mr. Armytago works it out at tbe same figure. We ourselves have shown that it can scarcely be less (on the former Minis terial plan) than £564,000, and now that tarifr remissions are withdrawn it will at' least reach £360,000. This latter calcula tion reduces tlio leak to £1000 por day. So that we see whichever way we turn the shortage is tiierc, and cannot be gob rid of hy ignoring it, or liy any stupid talk of stanching it by an income tax, which cannot give in tlio half year— on the Government scale of exemptions— more than £30,000 net. These main facta are seen and under stood by Mr. Turner, who proclaimed them in the course of his indictment of tiie Government. But lie did more than this. He declared his conviction tiiat the new taxation necessary for meeting tlio defi ciency in revenue must come from " accu- " nmla ted wealth." Ilis platform was quite sufficiently indicated iu the follow ing passage : — When the Shiels Government came into power the people did not roali.s ths position in whioli they wcrs placed. Now- they have been thoroughly awakened, and although thoy may grumble and object to pay taxation, yot bo long as thoy sea a Government is pr.pared to bring forward real honest fair direot taxation on accu mulated wealth, and so long as the Government is prepared to oarry on a policy of retrenchment —not hy theatrioal displays of disoharging 600 or 700 men at one moment, nnd thus increasing the ranks of the unemployed, but steadily, as vacanoiea srisa — I believs the rich members of tho community will readily contribute towards the revenue ths necessary funds in order that iu the futuro wa may not have the great defi ciencies and debts w. have had for' several years past. There is in this a ring of that far-sighted Liberalism for which wo have listened in vain from the idea-less political mummies who have blocked all progress for eighteen months. A speech impugning the Govern ment from tho Opposition front benches is neither the time nor place in which to devcinp a complete financial statement ; nnd what Mr. Turner said, terse as it was, quite sufficiently indicated the course he means to travel. At any rate, it has plan and pith nnd meaning in it. And no sign of any of these qualities can he found ou tho Government benches. There in an attempt to scare tho free traders of the Houso away from tho Oppo sition leader on tho ground that lie is a protectionist, and that lie proclaims a steady adherence to tliub policy. Bub in tlint ho stands on precisely the same ground as the present occupants of ollico, so far as immediate future action is concerned. Tho present Premier lias openly given up the schemo of tariir revision. Tilings arc to remain for the present in stain quo. Though Mr. Turner has not dis tinctly said the same in so many words, that is what is to he gathered from his speech. The first great object is to stop the financial leeway drift ot tlio State Bhip. When safety lias been reached in that direction, other matters will follow ; hut it is next to impossible in the present slate of public business that any such tilings as tariff amendment con he under taken this session by any Ministry. When therefore the organ of fiscal faddisui waves aloft its "yellow flag "and shouts " Beware the Trades Hall !" it is merely an unpatriotic cry to arouse party prejudice, heedless of the overmastering necessities of tll'6' country. Tho Conserva tive slumber is haunted, with the ghost of " Lygon-sfreetp 1 and this bpgie is made to grin ani"gij)berin the halls, of Parlia ment in order to scare men from doing their duty to the country in a time of dire extremity. Here, then, is tho answer to tlio free-trade demand, " What " do we achieve by dismissing . the present " Ministers ?" Wo shall roscuo the natinn from a cpurse of mere drift and drivelling incapacity, amj .place the Goyoifinioiit in hands wljiehsecni ti) havo nurvq aiiiltrongth for the task. This is no lime , for fiscal controversies of any kind. . They simply do not arise, and cannot arise thiB session. It in a timo when Parliament has to face one of its most serious obligations. Leaving present Ministers where thoy are is equal to- throwing away tlio reins and whipping tlio horses directly for tho precipice. Thore must ho some latent patriotism in tlio Homo — some rogard for considerations above the mihcrnhlo hounds of sectional, likings and disliking. Members cannot cnntcmplato national wreck ami ruin with out a Bliuddor, anil surely they cannot givo a vote which will leavo this laud aud this people, with all that it means of . public lienor and dishonor, to tho mercy of men whose souls soeni never to have risen above tlio paltri ness of psrsunal pleasure, anil whoso minds havo been' a blank to. any siicli tiling ns public policy. No ; tlio danger is too great, the work to be dono too important, the in forests to bo consorvod too nacrcil, and tiie capacity of tlio proscnt ollico holders rtno mean, to permit any further dallying. Tlio State craft is iu tlio full drift of tlio current. A little moro and it must " shoot "Niagara" with a- vengeance. Tuu question has sometimes heon dis- cussod as to whether vice and crime aro now mora prov'nlonb tlmn . formerly, or whether thoro is merely greater publicity and a moro stringent application of the law. The latter contention is no doubt sustainablo so far as minoron'oncos aro cou- -ccrned. Tlio guardians of tho pcaco did not trouble themselves overmuch witli " drunks" in tlio days gone by, nnd per sonal assaults wore comparatively seldom brought into tlio courts for adjudication. But in respect to serious nnd sensational crimes, publicity has accompanied tlieui from tlio timo the Pross arose ; and tlio time is not within memory when, the police did not pursue tlio malefactors to the best of their ability. Wo aro reluctantly compelled to admit, thorefore, that erimo accompanied liy violence is on tlio increase. Tlio' bur glars, instead of being intimidated by tlio sovero sentences passed against convicted members of thoir fraternity, appear to havo become moro desperate, aud go to tiie scene of their crimes proparod to add mur der to robbery. Tho action of - the mis creants who broke into Richardson's Hotol . on Sunday morning was in keeping with tlio new light which appears to havo dawned upon tho criiniiinl classes, and teaches them that robbery accompanied hy murder is sometimes eafor than robbery alone. It used to bo the practice of a burglar to mako his escape when liis prosence was detected, and ho is almost invariably able to do so, silica his point of entrance is usually guarded by a confederate. But the Botirko- strcet burglars showed fight at onco by striking the licensee of the hotel over the head witii an iron liar, and by shooting tlio -policeman who clmscd them. This caso ought to at lease show tiie folly of Bonding' the night police out unarmed. Robbery under arms is still rotained amongst tlio capital crimes in this country, but tho law has keen allowed to become inoperative where life has not boen actually taken. Tlio reason why the relaxation of tho criminal law in England was not followed here was that tho private citizen in a sparsoly populated colony was more exposed to violence than the inliabi- tantofacountry like England. Thcfnctthnt armed burglars pursue their calling In such a frequented highway as Bourko-strbet seems to indicate that the severity of tlio law need not lie restricted anywhere. It will thorefore become a matter for con sideration with the judges and the Execu tive whotlier the full measure of legal punishment should not be indicted in overy ease of robbery with violence, even if life ho not sacrificed. Tlio highwayman who commits a theft under cover of a loaded revolver obviously medi tates murder as an accompaniment of tlio robbery, if he encounters any resistance. Tlio tendency . to violence in erimo is not unfortunately confined to cover ing escape from capture. There is scarcely a day in which some unfortunate, gener ally a person whose physical capacities have waned, is not fouud in an unconscious or semi-unconscious condition in the street, whore lie lias boon assaulted by two or threo brawny ruffians, wiio have seriously maltreated him as a preliminary to robbing him of any valuables lie may ii&vc; about him. Here wo have cowardice added to villany. Two or tliroo stalwart youtliB attack ono weak old man, anil are perfectly indifferent as to whether tlio injuries inliicted may ho fatal or not. Thcso object lessons havo had their ollcct on public opinion, and the sickly sympathy for the criminal class which lias been evinced to an absurd extent in tho mother country has nlmost been extinguished here, where the feeling is gaining ground tlint the law is not suiliciontly repressive. Thero arc times in the history of mankind when impatience of legal restraint grows into a mania, and forces upon society a sternness of discipline which it is inclined to relax under happier auspices. Less' than a century ago philanthropy was shocked by the savage punishments inflicted on wrong doers. As usual, the pendu lum swung to the opposite ex treme, and criminals, if they did not become the pots of society, were at all eveuts better cared for than tlio deserving poor. A barbarous criminal code lias been found by experience to defeat its own pur pose by engendering recklessness amongst evil doers, and on tlio otlior hand it has been made apparent tiiat over leni ency is an incentive to crime. Tlio question of what the middle patli should consist iu is forcing itself upon the notice of mankind in every civilised coun try in tlio world. A mania for murder seems to have seized upon a large class of people in Europe, and they hide thoir Thuggism under a very thin veil of political . pretence. Tliey take advantage . of tlio very security which modern society guarantees to life and property to attack both. > On the borders of civilisation, in the back blocks of tiie United States, tlio Anarchist would he nowhere, because his general demeanor would ensure Ifis being shot at an early part of liis career. So, in the Middle Ages, when each man had to protect himself, tho violence of tlio scoundrels was to some extent neutralised by the counter violence of tho ordinarily well behaved. Tiie modern assassins throw bombs amongst an unarmed crowd, and we have it Btated that in . the principal capitals of Europe clubs study assassination as a lino art, and draw lots as to who shall murder promi nent persons in the political life of the several countries. This is simply an irruption of savagery in the midst , of civilisation, and casts a vory fierce light upon tho controversy as to whether crime is to be regarded as a mere mental aberration, to bo. cured by excessive kindness and the profuse use of Sunday sciiool texts. It is very much to ho feared that tho social disease indicated by Anarchism is one which requires for its treatment rather tho surgeon's knife tlian the physician's pill or pilule. It is greatly to. bo' regretted tiiat violonco in a milder form Ims manifested itself in connection with the shearers striko in Queensland nnd New South Wales. Our yesterday's issuo recorded the sinning of free .laborers and polico at Wnlgott, of an alleged attempt to burn down a woolshcd at Kallqra, near Bourke, nnd ot riotous conduct on the part of unionists at Ecliueti. Making all allowance for the excite ment to which strikers aro subject at scoing tlieir places taken by other workman, there can ho no exense whatever for tlio deeds of violonce recorded. The pastoralists were not blameless in the initiation of the trouble. A little moro tact anil kindly feeling nml a dismission of tbo matters in dispute would probably bavo avortod tbo industrial war altogether but tlio faults of tlio employers givo no ground whatever for tho violent conduct of sqino of the unionists. Tlioy are quite at liberty, of course, to use moral suasion to prevent non-unionists from working on ' terms which thoy consider unfavor- ahlo to labor, but to seek hy violence to prevent tliein from exercising their own discretion and to damage or destroy the property of the pastoralists cannot be de fended from any point of view, and simplv lias the effect of alionating public sympathy from men who would otherwise liavo been regarded as the victims of class hauteur. Tlio public at large, nob being animated either by interest or passion, is goner- ally competent to oxpress a fair opinion on the merits of a trade disputo j lint tbo community will dcclino to deal with tho question nt nil whenever one or other of tlio parties appeals to violence, and sots the law at defiance. . The contest then ceases to be ono between employers anil employed, and becomes one between law less men and socioty. In Australia, of all countries, no such condition of nfiiiiis should arise, inasmuch as not only is tlio right of combination secured by law to workmen, but manhood sufirage makes every local Parliament nmonablo tu tlio general opinion of tbo working classes, and ready to amend tlio law whan it is shown to oporato unfairly in any indus trial quarrel. 