CHifsiffi ssi5«I ElemoDsi. (By The GiiEANEn,) . Good lifo ! what rubbish to put In tho paper I Such was tho verdict, uttered with supremo contempt, by a pious old lady, after struggling painfully through tho gleaner'o column recently. Evidently it equated, to her mind, of nothing but d mass of liusko, with nary a Uorijel t9 bo found in tho lot. I feel quito effaced by this hypor oriticisn), and fanoy I had bottor leave tho mysteries of cloud shadows and golden sunbeams alono, and write only of tho wcathor or tho prico of beef and mutton ; and tjjls reminds roo ? of tho. great pre. partitions fflr ejftra feeding (JqrJnp tljo fes tive coacon now rapiilly approaching, which is being mado by tho looal storekeepers, butchers and bakers It seems a curious anomaly that just in tho m£dd!o of the hot weather wo should make a point of eating a quantity of indigestible: and over heating food. It is all very well in Morrio England to Ijeop Christmas (n thia fashfoi), fqr yrtcn qnqw and frqst 1(03 al( around ajjd big i]rc3 aro l;0p,t cqn tinuously burning witlun doors, tho supply of caloric mu3t porforco bo kept up, and so, rioh plum pud ding, minco pies, and goodly quantities of roastbocf and Chiiutmas gooco aro just tho right sort of fuol to keep the human machinery in thorough . going ordor. Horo at tho antipodes, it is vastly different and a co}d ij)cnu ooqsjstiqg of ohioljon en ttyiie, nallatino of turkoyi cold lamb, 'to, fto. tjccqrqpailicd by cooling salads, and finished off with jellies and blnnomangcsandfrcsh fruits wouldcccm nioro tq tho purpqso-Jbqt tin's is rf|crp icilo tallf; wo Inig tho old homo customs and traditiouo to oqr hoartq, and would not fcol happy ia having any othor than tho old fashioned way of kcoping Christmas ; tho way that has been our fathers' and mothers' for so long. Wo would rather Buffer from tho panga of indigestion tlm bo un-English. Still there laattery suggeativo ijcss a':qi)t a pli|ni piiddiiig \yl)eq carried in enveloped in tlio bltjo flanges of burninij brandy, which Givc3 ono a very different feeliug from that which makes it3 appearanco crowned with a cprig of liolly. Cold weather and plenty of outdoor exercico makes one hungry, and tlio strong vitality incident on a low fsSmospherio tenperaturo enablca ono to thoroughly enjoy a good square i])wl, but wl)ero tho thcriqonjotpr stands at a {017 (Jogrces ur|der |00 tho appotite is precarious anil tl|o physical organ ization enervated. Hero, liowovor, in this Berrima district, wo havo an advaqtago ovor thoso who livp jn tl(o ooastijl roylai). J'aoplo who aro coinpejled tq rciqain in Sydnoy all tluoqgli tho suminera sweltering beat must envy t!|o moro fortunate who can afford to flit to thia district; wliorc, oven if tlio days aro soiqetiiqes very warm, the night3 qro cool Qtld iqvigarating-rso that wo havo our compensations, oven iq tl|0 reaurrout tom^israturo ui the day* aqd oiyljta. V; What a bravo show thoehopkeepern always mako otXmastldft Many of them rival tho famous eastern bazaars In their multitudinous and variegated dis plays, :Ondjby . tho glowing advertisements our local trado empbnums, will not bo along way nfter tho Sfotropolitaa (Sihibitiona which make such a plow ing 6how during tho monttf of Decembor. This is tho day of trade. circulars, ...'and since wo entered upon thia month tho postman's labours havo appreciably increased./ Every man who lisi a fiarticular show to boom sender a circular, eithor in cttor, or. bookform, and when our poat cornea wo havo to search amongst a bundlo of husks for ono kernel of a letter, until wo be[»in to wish thoro woro bo Duch things na business Circulars. , Byand byo -the poor po3tmsn will havo to stagger under tho weight of scorcs of Xmao cards, for theso reminiscent trifles aro still In voguo, and each cuocoeding year brings them out in moro (juaint or beautiful form, though for lc3s cost. It is to bo hoped that 'when' Christmas boxes aro about tho po3tman will net bo ignored, a small douceur from thoso mo3t indebted to that peripatetic individual usually being tho correct form. ^ Surely tho thunderstorms havo relegated all feara of a drought to tho shades of forgctfulncss, for wo have been bleat with ceveral refreshing storms and showers since last I wrote. Andjwhat a pronounced change in tho temperaturo wo havo been favoured with. Surely mountain weather is tho nemo of variability and cnprico. A stranger' visiting tho locality during ono week might go away in dudgeon, vowing that our climnto was no better than it should bo. and was a3 _warm aa a returned- Indian veteran could possibly wish. Another week, would givo ono tho impression that tho mountain diotrict bad no ommer weathor at all, but was subject to refrigerating airo all tho year round. And aro not t fic: 0 nnoxpeetcd changes just what wo like? Who would wish to havo an unvaried round, ono dead level, oven in tho weather ? Fancy a human being who always woro a perennial smile, wfio was novcr known to frown I — Could wo possibly put up ?with ouch an ono for a closo and intimato friend? Again, what a terriblo.being would he, ho who never smiled, but woro a continuous frown — which would most of us prefer ? Neither, decidedly wo should like to sec alternate smile3 and frowns, for then we should recognise that thero was nothing abnormal about our friends personality. But enough about clouda nnd sunshine, frowns and smiles, or my readors will consider my ancient critic a shrewd judqo of what io suitablo matter to bo put in tho paper. Wortan is still advancing. The first of tho sex to bo appointed to tho ofEco of circuit steward, in tho Wcsloyan church, is 0I30 eligible as a repre sentative to tho District Synod and Annual Oon forenco. Tho lady (Mrs. Christmas) is the wifo of a tradesman at Homobush, and if sho at all re sembles tho photograph of herself published in the Daily Telegraph oho will surely bo an influenco nmongst tho body politic of tho church which she 13 entitled to represent, for were wo not informed by. tho lettor press that the picture represents' Mrs. Christmas wo ohonld certainly imagine that it was tho portrait of a pugilist. I think tho worst fato that could possibly overtake a sensitive person of either sex would bo tho publishing of one's portrait in the Daily Telegraph , which invariably malt03 one appear a perfect show. So Mrs. Yates,' the erstwhile Mayor of Onchunga, is quietly left out in tho recent aldermanio elections in that euphoni ously named town. Evidently Mrs. Yates endeavoured to bo a too much felt presence in the ?civic chdmoer. She wanted to mako alderivomen of her f611ow councillors, nnd they would not submit to the process. It is usually the way when woman tries to be moro than woman, and to stop I into man's ehoes. She becomes so inflated on boing | armed with a littlo brief authority that she forgets t the natural weaknesses of her so*, and in endeavour- f- ing to do a man's work comes a oropper. Hadh Mrs. Yatea been content to act in 0 quiet dignified | manner throughout her term of ofhco, instead of $ trying to makoa number of mon conform altogether to her ideas of the fitne33of things, tho chances arc that ohe would hava again been oloetod to fill the post of Mayor a second time. I wonder where tho Superintendent of Roads eotf his authority for having all tho trees fringing the I roada in the neighbourhood rincbarked ? The man! who needlessly causes to bo destroyed the chief., beauty and pioturesquo graco of oountry roads,,, ought to bo doomed to eternal ringbarking in the j Bhados of tho nothor world. Tho road from' Bundanoon to Sutton Forest was once a beautiful' and interesting drive, tho forest trees on either side ?, giving It tho appearanco ot an avenue, as well as |i proving a shade for the travelling public, on hot i dayo. Now tho trees aro ringbarked, their beauty ' will soon bo destroyed, and in a year of two nothing j but the ghosts of trees will bo standing as a refieo tion on their ruthless destroyer. Wero it necessary ! that the trees should bo banished from tho lands- i cape altogether, in order to form tho road, why up1/! grub thorn up and' destroy' tl)eny'rqot an4 hwflch'i 1 4s it is, tho treos will slowly decay, and in procoss of time, tho branches will bccoino a menace to travellers aa it is usual in a heavy stato of tho atnjogphero, for limbs of dead trees to quietly drop off— perohancQ on to the head of a passer by.' In a tourist diotriot moro e3pooially everything that tends to tho beautification of tho landscape should bo roligiouBly guarded from vandal hands, and what is moro important to scenery than growing trees ? Who would caro to dwell in a treele33 region, if it wero possible to get into forest country. Soon with tho axtension of agricultural pursuits, tho lanes and qoqimons wij) ha tho flt)ly portions df the distript, \y|tl('tl\o exception of the gullies and most rugged mountains, where trees will remain tq bo Been, and jt behqve3 ovoryono having the interests of the diotriot at heart, to raiso thoir protest against tho unnecessary dostruotion of growing woods. v.1 Whatever would ladies in tho country districts do, wanting a fashion guide ? In town, all ono need to dp, io \yalk round tho biock and seo (or oqo's pelf \yhat is syqrn c,qd hqvj tlm ^'c'qrqrs lqQk in tho newest modes, but in tho quiet retirements of tho country ono requires a.' tip' now and thon, and tho current number of ' Wiegela Journal of Fashions' is about as usoful a guide as ono need wish. Its pages aro well illustrated with all the newest models of gowns, for homo, or street wear, reception toilettc3, mantle3, blouses, bonnets and hats, whilo costume3 for girls and children are also given in n^any style*:. Battcrn3 qf art nccdlcv/ork, lace, and embroidery aro ohowq, nqd tho reading matter io interesting, aa it contains a atory by the celebrated Carmen Sylva Queen of Roumania. 