TEES & SKBTCHBS. ROMANCE OF THREE LIVES. [By G-ehtbude Warden.], Chapter XVI. — 'Mtjbder. — Gon'tinued Before the window, in that cur tained recess from which ' he ^ had derived his first insight into Felice's true nature, Maurice stopped qvery now and again to stare out across the dark field to where a faint light twinkled from the windows of the lodge. Felice had left the house ; to much he hud learned from Louisa, and Maurice dreaded her return. The thought that she waB at the mercy of his vindictive and unprincipled cousin tortured him almost to the verge of madness. Again and again be recalled the ioAriner fcaiint.n anHflvil-miridfid insinua tions which ..Eobert Fenton had made use of on the subject of his wife, thereby drawing upon himself the' punishment which Maurice's unrege nerate fists tingled with longing to administer a second time. \- 'To think that angel should )be in the power of that fiend !' IE he could warn her . not to come; back ! But would not the very instinct of self-preservation teach her to avoid Stoneroyd until Eobert had left it ? Tet he was her husband; it was her duty to obey him. Duty 1 Maurice laughed aloud at the word in such a connection. The duty of a dove entrapped into a union with a 'hawk ! Yet duty all the same ; and Felice so strong to endure, so determined where she thought her conscience directed Her ! And, after all, by what right did he, Maurice, assume that she viewed her husband in his true light ? That she did not speak of him was nothing. The youngest son of the house was not a popular subject for conversation at Stoneroyd. Besides, only that evening, had she not said that she was worried at not hearing from Eobert ? Ab to his neglect, his callous indifference, proverbial philosophy pointed to the fact that a woman loves most where she has the leas-t encouragement to do so, and that rakes and roues have the greatest influence over her. Maurice knew his cousin well enough to be sure, that' Felice's value in his eyes would be augmented by just so much as his power to exasperate his male relatives through nor afforded him satisfaction. He had come avowedly to 'look after her,' (to stay.at Stoneroyd with her, and then to take her away with him. The young man's blood boiled at the thought, yet he could do nothing. His interference was worse than use less as the chastisement he inflicted upon Roberb to-night would certainly be avenged upon Felice. Why did Lady Fenton remain talking with the fellow in the next room. Maurice, reflecting thus, had only time to slip back into the shelter of, the curtains as mother and son entered the dining-room together Robert came first, talking loudly, as he walked to the sideboard and helped himself liberally from a decanter of wine. ? Tweedie, with a keea memory for sundry stray kicks* growled, and crep away from Eobert's vicinity. ? t * T i ell you to close the subject ; that I attach no more value to your old wife lalos than I i'o to the legends cf old Mother Hubbard and Bai.bury Cross. What is this bogey you aie perpetually dangling before me? What do you expect me to be nfr.al of ? Of the ghost of Ned Grierly, who had his. rascally throat very pro perly cut for him seven years ago?! ' With your razor,?' 'Oh, yes; I know,' he returned* irritably, ' and my foot-marks. Sake up again the cock- and-bulUtory that I murdored the young reptile. It I was of a murdering turn of mind,. I should most cerlainly have turned iny attention to Maurice or Marcus, and not have wasted. my skill upon a groom. Where's Felice ? Isn't she in yet ? Do you usually allow her to go wan? dering about out of doors at eleven o'clock at night? Or is she spooning that prize-fighting clod, Maurice, sornef where? By — — ! I'll pay him. out] Do you think I would forego one moment of my stay here now that I know Maurice is ia love -with iny wile?' . . ? ?-; 1 You are mad, mad !' muttered ; the dowager, staring at him, gaunt and hollow-eyed. Maurice has fierce blood' in him. He is a true O'Shann n, and it is not safe to provoke him. fie. has bruised your face already. If. you; torment him, he may kill you.' - 'I can protect myself,' ho said laughing, as he drew from the pocket': of his overcoat. a tiny silver-mounted pistoL ' I've been inall eortB of queer society at the gaming-tables lately, so - I've provided myself with a travelling-, companion. How many more times must I tell you that I am hero,' and here I mean to 'stop ? Where there's room for my wife, there's 'room1 for' me. We can easily put up in the front part above, and that haunted nonsense has no terrors for me.' Before Lady Fenton, could stop him, he had summoned Louisa, , and given orders that a fire Bhbuld be lighted in the room known to the sen ants as 'poor Ned Grrierly's.' His mother's remonstrances wera' p no avail. Eobert prided himself' on his superiority to superstition, and ib'e thought that Felice had received a fright there gave the place additional value in his eyes. ? Full of misgivingf, Louisa arH Margaret arranged the room. The passage outside was, quite silent. - Lady Fenton, finding her prayers, her threats, her commands alike dis regarded, was pacing up and down her own apartment, a prey to nervous apprehensions.: Ms GHlmore's boots were outside his 'room, while the dressing-room door stood open, reveaU ing the interior, dark and deserted. Maurice had gone to bed, so it was supposed ; and as the minutes flew by) and there was no sign of Ft lice, Eobert Fenton, after repeated applications to the dining-room decanters, supple mented by his own flask,- began, to find the process of sitting up for his wife by no. means amusing. 'Don't you sleep in that room, my dear, dear Master Eobert. Evil will come of it, as sure as my name's Margaret. Take my room, sir. lean easy make up a bed for myself any where. But don't you sleep in the haunted room of a haunted house, and you all surrounded by unnatural enemies.' 1 Thus much Margaret contrived : to whisper into her favourite's ear at the door of his room. He motioned her away impatiently. *'lf you want to bo of use to me, he said, 'don't talk~ nonsense; up iiere, but go down and keep a sharp look-out lest Mri Fenton should come creeping back. Should she do so, come and1 tell me that instant. ?? I have a good deal to ; eay to her which, won't wait.' ' He closed the door of his robin as lie ppoke, shutting out Margaret, who shuffled off obediently dbwn-stuirsvto fulfil his orders; The room was dark and dusty, and, though ? in -reality spacious, waa . so lumbered , with fur niture not wanted in the more popular parts of the house as to appear small, ?The bed was of the old-fashioned mahogany order, and was easy of access from the door, in which, how ever, there was do key. Boberfc divested himself of his over coat, from the pocket of which he drew the pistol, and, after carefully examin ing it, laid it upon a small table cloee to the bed. Then dressed as he was lie flung himself upon the bed, with one hand upon the table. ,; A curious nervousness, to which ho had throughout his life so far been a stranger, began to overmaster _ his faculties, driving away ell dippos'tion to Bleep. '.'I The room, like all fchosejn the front part of the house, was cold and damp, an I the blazing fire only served to bring tbe moisture oozing forth from the walls, creating a faint haze in the atmosphere. Iroin the bed, Eobert could not fail to see anyone entering' the room, apd as he lay there with his- eyes fixed upon the handle of the ,door shining in the fire and candle light, the coavic tion flashed across him .that the women were right, and that he himself was rash even to foolhardiness in ventur ing to sleep beneath 1 hi $ re of to night. V Eobert Fenton was a bully, but not specially cowardly ; yet he found, him self glancing incessantly with nervous impatience towards his watch, which lay on the little table close within reach, together with the lighted candle, the matches, and the pistol. If Felice should come, he knew him self safe. Safe from what ? He hardly knew himself. ? From an insidious haunting fear, which seemed to fill the air with whispered threats of mortal danger.' It was a quarter past twelve— already past the witching hour when graves give up their deadV— nd as yet ho ghost haa appeared to justify tbe reputation of the ' haun':ed room.' In spite of this immunity and of his natural scepticism, Eobert could never for a moment rid himself of an uneasy sense of hovering peril, and the chill which struck down into his bones was ?not wholly the result of the low temperature of the room. As the minute hand of his watch toucled the quarter, a sound of creak ing boards in the corridor outside, and a suggestion of footsteps pausing immediately hifjre his door, made Eobert start up in bed, and reach out his hand for the pistol on the table at his side. ' ' As if at a pre-arranged tignalj the light was suddenly' extingu/shed, the table overturned, and before Robert could rise from the bed, a crushing' weight fell upon his chest, murderous fingers clutched his threat, and the cold muzzle of a pistol pressed against h;s lips, Chapter. XYIi. — Innooe:st oh GfuilTY? By a sulden iurn of bia head 'Robert avoided the pistol's deadly aiija«: ? ? ? ? .?;??-???; A.-lAflh,ft report, aad thdjblood v$i P^ttofl ft°H? a woijni ia his neck. '- But ho was resolved to die hard, ? and- although, by reason of his vicious, , ,'self-indulgent ' life, bis muscular strength jwas considerably impaired, while his assailant seemed possessed of superhuman force and ce1erity, yet the darkness favoured Robert, and assisted hiin to avoid for the most the shower of deadly blows persiste'Dtly aimed at him by his assailant-. : '.Help! Murder !', ? Bobert's voice rang out through the corridor.- The whole attack hai only . la'sted- a few secoivls, but ho was beiDg \- pressed too hard, /and could neither ? lift the would-be murJeicr fivin-his -prostrate body.nor ward offmuch longer; the crushing blows from- the .'butt end of-jhis own' pistol in the grasp of his unknown enemy. . ' A* suddenly; as- silently, aa he had sprung upon 'him, Eobert's foe left ? him free, and even i.while his victim's ? cry echoed down the passage, the door \- of the haunted* room' was opened for ' the murderer to escape. ? .- ' ;- 'Bobert, half-stuntied as' he was, '' heard the handle turn, and with _ mar ' vellous swiftness sprang forward' in the direction of the sound, clutching wildly .at the air about him in pursuit of his onemy. In the passage outside something ; met him, resisted; and eluded him, but K'obert'B hold was not to be shaken off. The struggle of the bedroom 'seemed about to be repeated in 'the \- passage, when Lady Fenton's door oriened, and a light, held aloft by her, flashed upon the fiercely contending figures of her son and nephew, Bobert and' Maurice Fenton. - ~ Pale, excited, and blood-stained, as both men appeared, it would have been only excusable fetniuioe weakness on Lady Fenton's part had, she displayed some natural terror at the sight ; but she neither moved nor spoke. -She was fully dressed, even to her tall lace-trimmed cap and little cash mere' shawl, and the rouge .still mocked the livid pallor of her face. ?So it's you I have to thank for this, you cowardly cut-throat ! Not content with brutally attacking me in public and getting up a vulgar row in my mother's drawing-room', you sneak into my room, and hide there until you have a chance of murdering me in the dark. You are witneases.Margaret, you and my mother. I caught this infernal scoundrel as he was escaping from my room, after nearly doing . me to death in the darkness. But, as sure as 1 live, he shall be in gaol for it. No family considerations will stop me from making an example oE the murderous . dog.' ' . 7 ' Maurice,' asked Lady Fenton, in strangely mechanical tones, ' what does it all mean ?' The two men were apart ,now. Margaret, who had hurried from her lonely vigil below, on hearing Bobert s cry for help, was wringing her hands, and weeping noisily beside him, as he leaned against the wall for support, whilst, facing him, stood Maurice, frowning heavily, with lowering face, and fists tightly clenched. * The fellow's mad,' ; Maurice said ; ' mad or intoxicated. I was passing to my room, when he fell upon me in the darkness, screaming ' Murder !' ', ' God forgive you, Master Maurice ! I believe you've killed my boy. My lady — look ! He's fainting, tlis throajb's all out and bleeding, and bis-head and hands are bruised. He will die — he will die! ' 'Why did I let him- sleep 'in that room ? Why did you let hinv.stay in' this house? Don't come nigh him!' Margaret went on, (turning fiercely upon Maurice. 'Ain't, yoja Satisfied now you've half- murdered him, or do you want to finish your work, now as he .can't defend himself ?' , 1 Bring him to my room/ said Lady Fenton. ' Maurice, you'must help us to lay him on my bed. He has fainted through loss of blood. I did what I could to warn him ; but, sooner or .later, I knew that it must come to this.' ? ? ..: ?? \- At any other time, the change in Lady Fenton's manner would hive strongly impressed her .hearers. S :e seemed comparatively unmoved at her son's accident, ,'taKing it with lbe mechanical cplm^ of 7a long expected event,, the coming of .which, had removed all need for disquieting terrors. _ - Even when Margaret had hurried off in .search of the nearest doctor, and Maurice and his aunt stood, together by Eobert's bedside, gazing at the unconscious figure,Lady Fenton mani fested but little emotion, and -was, in deed, much calmer and more self contro ted than usual in manner. ? '? 'I don't think the wound is at all serious,' she said. ' No doubt the doctor will be able to tell us when he ?can be moved.' ' Aunt KathleeD, said Maurice, ' who did this ?' ' . . ?' ' She did not meet his inquiring gaze, but busied herself with some ernelling salts she was taking from her dressing case. * He repeated the question. gjjjj'Wby do you ask, mon cher ?' she said, then. ? It was you, without a doubt. He had provoked you ; he deserved punishment. You were con tinuing your quarrel of this evening, and ? ' ? And you think I should continue a quarrel by trying1 ,to murder him in the dark. You've got an odd opinion of me, Aunt Kathleen.' , v ' I warned him not to provoke you,' she returned, ignoring the fierce anger o£ his tones. ' If we can only get him well, and away from here, and hush the matter up, no one will be the worse.' (To he continued.) The ladleB of New Zealand are coming to the fore at the municipal elections held each week. 