LAND COURT, L _ v Sword axd Tl'llv, members of the fd, sat at Barcaldine on Wednesday ermine the assessment of rents on lis part of tbe Mitchell district for |d\tcrm of seven years of lease. Mr. ^attrister, appeared for the Crown, > Emvi.vsrovrE. ghn Desmond, lessee, appeared in per ^J. B. Rogers-Harrison, Assessing er, reported that be bad inspected Icomprised 230 square miles, of luare miles were unavailable. ' Ice, he thought, was excessive, nave been only 20 square miles. Sated the run would carry 2GC0 i the leasehold, which at one shilling ! Ijuld bring up the rental to £133, an 1 ¥ £6 13s. on previous assessment. It recommend a further increase, as le of the country was depreciated by giber of stock belonging to carriers I Hepastured on the run, using the grass Iter, and disturbing the cattle belong pe lessee. essee in reply stated that owing to |Ut and difficulty of selling cattle, ■ quality of much of tbe country, be rent should be reduced to 10s. Jhan 10s. Gd. per square mile. |ftd not give evidence, but *o say that there was more Intry on the run than was the Assessing Commissioner in {'e was quite certain there were available country. {That estimate cannot be at is fixed at the division of the main. Do you disagree with Bn's estimate of the carrying pe country >nd : Of course, I must agree 1 I wouldn't stop there during ;ht for £500, : How many cattle will the ' ? The Commissioner estimates |t 13| to the square mile. .: I think that is a fair agree to that, therefore Lany more. The rental ' at estimate. should like to show ctually carrying more i.V Ifflaporamissioner. —tnroujj^l <pas a]so an De™°.n,d 6lated, there CO mile, d^unavailable K=>iiutrv it Showed a smaller area was capt≤ of'carrv ing more cattle. Only a shilling a head had been put on cattle, and he reminded the Board that m assessing rent of Delta, this that run adopted in fising the rent for The Board reserved their decision. Bubgoyxe. lessw 0swM Skuthorpe appeared for the 1 CommissionerHarrison in bis report stated IQSPected tfae run- It contained 14 fi ^fl.uare miles, of which 12 square miles MM nnSW.lable. He estimated the run carry lali head of cattle, for which^HV rent would be~£,l& lCs., an increas^o^Eix 14s. on former rental. In This case the Com missioner recommended no further increase, on the ground that carriers living in the neighborhood depastured their horses and bullocks cn the ran, and while riding about constantly among them disturbed the stock ci the lessee. In reply the lessee stated that station pro perty having depreciated, the rent ought to be not more than 10s. per square mile. Mr. Skuthorpe, who did not fcive evidence, said he did not agree with the Commis sioners estimate. If all the poison country were fenced off, the ran might cany 700 cattle. He had cut up some of the poison bush, but it was all through the run. About ~ miles of fencing would be required to fence off all the poison. Mr. Tully : Poison bush country is not allowed as unavailable, which can be applied only to dense scrub or inaccessible ranges. Mr. Harrison ; Tou reduced the available bush °n artv'"e on ®ccount of poison Mr. Tully : Yes, I believe we did. Bat it ofthe run b? reducing the cariying capacity :lkulborPe : Bargoyne and Hobartville are both the same class of country. As for the carriers stock trespassing, the Govern selves' lessees they can protect them Mr. Harrison : These arc rather dangerous times to try and prevent people trespassing. _ Mr. Skuthorpe : Yes ; if I got a fire-stick cattle 00 ^ il wouldn,t carjy 700 head of Mr. Sword : Is there no reserve for carriers ! at Jervcuo ? Mr. Skuthorpe : There is a reserve which takes in a waterhole close to the town, and we lose tbe U6C of this. Mr. Sword: But that is not on the lease bold or you would have obtained compensa tion. It must bare been on the resumed part of the run. At the request of the Board Mr. Skuthorpe sketched on a plan what tie considered un available country by reason of the existence I oi tbe poison bush there. Mr. Wilson r Have you leased any of the I country / Mr. Skuthorpe : None has been leased by I us. I believe in Sir. tallyman's time it was l rented for sheep during the drought. I think it was rented by Northampton Downs. Mr. Wilson submitted that the rent should I be increased as recommended. Even were all the poison bush country taken away the rest of the run would carry the number of cattle indicated. There were certain draw backs in having townships on a run, but in some places it was considered to be an advan tage It was an old grievance when the terminus of the railway was at Jericho, that carriers' stock ate op the grass on the run, and, although the terminus had moved on to Longreach, the memory of the grievance remained. The closeness of the run to tbe railway made the charge of a shilling a head on the cattle the run was presumed to carry ■very reasonable, and the rent was moderate. Mr. Skuthorpe : When tbe sheep were on the country in the drought, it had only COO cattle on it. Mr. Wilson : The lessee of Burgoyne got £50 a month for the use of the country for those sheep. Mr. Skuthorpe : If he had stuck out for it he would have got more, Mr. Wilson : I hare no donbt of it,v Mr. Skuthorpe : They won't get it again for that money. Decision reserved. Mexico. Mr. 0. Skuthorpc said that as the Commis sioner had not recommended an increase in the rent, and, as be did not expect to get any knocked off, he would not appear for the lessees. The area of the ran is 32CJ square miles available, and G5 square miles unavailable. The Commissioner recommended that the rent remain at £285 18s. 2d., being at the rate of 17s. Gd. per square mile. ; Decision reserved. Mexico Nobth. The lessees did not appear. The area of the run is 41} square miles available, and 10£ square miles unavailable. The rent is £36 10s. 7d. The Commissioner recommended no increase. Decision reserved. Evoba. The lessees did not appear. The Commissioner's report stated the run consisted of 264 miles, of which 35 were said to be unavailable, which be thought after in spection was a very liberal allowance. The run consisted of 45 square miles of well grassed downs, and 183 square miles of sandy spinifex foTest country. There was no natural water, but it was improved with 11 tanks, one dam, and one bore. He estimated the best country would carry 14,400 sheep, and the remainder 14,640 sheep, a total of 29,040. £242 was the rental he recommended, an increase of £29 4s. Mr. Wilson said he did not think it surpris ing that the lessees did not appear and wished to make no complaint. The rental was fixed at only 2d. per bead on the stork the country was estimated to be capable of carrying, and he asked that the rental might be fixed in accordance with the Commis sioner's recommendation. Decision reserved. Barcaldine and Home Cbeek. Upon the application of Mr. R. Newton, the Board agreed to take evidence concerning both these Tuns. Mr. Harrison reported that he had inspected Home Creek run. It consisted of 360 square miles, of which 61 miles were unavailable. In the N.E. there was a considerable area of scrub and spinifex, and in the N.W, a con siderable area of useless gidya country and forest, thinly grassed with star and other fine grasses that did not last. There was a large area of clayey loam downs carrying good grasses. The run was fairly well watered in good seasons, and bad on it two tanks and a bore. He estimated its carrying capacity at 83,360 sheep, and recommended a rental of £694 13s. 4td., an increase of £158 139. 4d. The lessees considered that a reduction of 20 per cent, should be made in the rental, owing to the price of ^rouuets having fallen 30 per cent, rhilo the cost of working the property liad increased. I Mr. Harrison reported that he had in spected Barcaldine run, which consisted of 321 square miles^^^Mch 53 square miles were He thought It was difficult to unavailable the good country ™nd scrub were mixed. It was well watered, and had on it a bore and several tanks and dams. He estimated the carrying capacity at 80,320 6heep, and recommended an in crease of the rental to £669 6s. 8d., an in crease of £170 8s. 4d. The lessees replied as before. H. B. Rogers-Harrison deposed : I am assessing commissioner. I inspected Home Creek on May 6th, and Barcaldine run on May 10th. The rnns inspected presented the usual characteristics of the western downs country. I classified the country. I made four classes on Home Creek and three on Barcaldine. I estimated what each portion would carry. On Home Creek I estimated 53 square miles as unavailable ; 26 miles at 80 sheep to tbe square mile ; 54 miles at 100 sheep to the square mile; 227 miles at 320 sheep to the square mile. Barcaldine—40 miles at 80 sheep to the square mile; 60 miles at 160 sheep to the square mile; 221 miles at 320 sheep to the square mile. I get the whole amount of sheep, and put the rental at so much per bead. It varies ac cording to locality of runs. In this case I put it at 2d, per head. At tbe first assess ment I used to estimate tbe cost at about ljd. per head, but much depeuded on the length of carriage. Where runs were a long distance from tbe railway, the estimate was lowered. My maximum for sheep seven years ago was 2J. On the Peak Downs I put on not quite so much as that. I don't think 1 ever pot as much as 2d. a bead on sheep, but I never put more than that price. I don't tabs into consideration profit and loss at all, because they are never the same two weeks running. By Mr. Wilson : If I calculated profit and loss the rent would have to be altered every week and every time there was a new mana ger. Some years ago the Peak Downs were infested with marsupials, but when I assessed the rents the pest was not so bad. Since first assessment of these runs the railway has been extended from Jericho. Charles Fairbairn, deposed : 1 am one of the lessees of Home Creek and Barcaldine, and reside at Peak Downs station. I know most of the runs in the Mitchell district. Home Creek and part of Barcaldine gene rally are not of the same character as the other runs. They arc not all Mitchell grass downs country. It is patchy light soil coun try on Home Creek. There ,is no first- class downs country on Home Crertk. I consider the carrying capacity of the. best of the Home Creek country is a sheep to 2k acres, under certain conditions. That is, that we bavc some place to send the sheep to during a drought. We have 200 square miles of desert country at Clare, near Jericho, as a stand-by in drought. The Clare country is fenced, and supplied with artificial water reserves. I estimate that the leasehold of Home Creek will carry 50,000 sheep in an average season. If we had not got Clare in reserve I would consider that number of sheep a dangerous number to carry. About half Barcaldine consists of first-class Mitchell grass downs ; tbe other half is inferior coun try, unavailable from flood and scrub, and second class country. I estimate Barcaldine leaseuold will carry about 56,000 sheep in averagn seasons. I could not venture to carry 80,000 sheep on each run, even with the stand-by of the desert country at Clare. In 1889, 1890, and 1891, we bad about 190,000 sheep on thp two rnns, including tbe resumed portions. In 1892,201,800; in 1893,200,000; and in 1894,180,000. These were the official returns to tbe Registrar of Brands. During these years, except for two or three months, we bad not more tban 112,000 sheep on the leaseholds of tbe\runB. These returns are sent in before we shear in March, and when we Bell our sheep, either off shears or in full fleece, and after the lambing in November. If the returns were sent in during September when we pay the rents there would be about 50,000 of a decrease in the number. Xbe balance of the sheep over the 112,000 is on the resumed portions of the runs. We sent sheep to Clare in April ; they were included in the returns, 40,000 ewes and wethers were sold this year since our returns were sent in. They were sent away in April. We got Is. 6d. for the ewes and 2s. Gd.for the wethers delivered at Bugbenden. Seven years ago we used to get about 7s. all round for similar sheep off shears. I have calcu lated what it cost per head to put our wool in the market at London. Mr. Wilson objected to these questions, as management hail nothing to do with assess ment of rent. The Board said they might hear about market rates for sheep, but not expenses of shearing. Mr. Newton said if it cost a man 5id. per head for shearing and ljd. to put tile wool on the London market, that would give a gojd idea of the rent the grower could pay for sheep. Mr. Wilson objected to any question of profit and loss, as it was quite against the provisions of the Act. Mr. Fairbairn : I consider from my ex perience that it costs 2s. 3d. a head (without interest on capital spent in improvements) to put the wool from each sheep on the London market. There are upwards of £60,000 worth of improvements on both runs. In 1893, after taking off freight and sale charges, the clip netted us 6*070 pcnce per lb. This year it netted 6Jd. per lb. The wool was sold in July. The average weight of fleece is about five pounds. That is a good average. Since last assessment nver 420,000 has been spent upon the leaseholds of the runs. It has been expended on bores, dams, and fences. There are three bores flowing, and one being put down. The fenc ing improvements consist of subdivided paddocks. Rates and taxes have increased from £38 5s. 6d. in 1887 to £588 in 1894. This includes tbe Meat and Dairy tax. The liabbit Assessment is a heavy one. There is also Marsupial and Divisional Board taxes. There are two men employed on tbe station shooting marsupials, The station gives them free rations, and they sell 6calps and skins on their own account. We lost 14,000 sheep last year from shearing to shearing by drought and flood. There are two stock routes going through both runs. At the commencement of the lease there was only one stock route, that from Aramac to Black all. The Isisford to Barcaldine route has since been opened. A great number of sheep and cattle come through. Two men are engaged permanently to watch the stock, and sometimes four are employed in this work. Travelling sheep cause the loss of water and grass, also cattle destroy a lot of water besides what they drink. 50,000 sheep is the aver age of what we carry on each leasehold. It may have been higher, for perhaps a week or two, but not longer. By Mr. Wilson : There is no resumed land on Barcaldine now ; it has all been selected or taken ap in reserves. The town and re serve of Barcaldine is taken off the resumed part of Home Creek. Some of tbe resumed part of Home Creek has been selected. We are using about 150 square miles of Home Creek. I am not aware that there was only 102 miles originally on the resumed portion of Home Creek. The original resumption was 335 square miles. Mr. Wilson : I think I am wrong ; the amount left is 101 miles, of which 35 is unavailable. Mr. Fairbairn : I cannot say what rent is being paid on selections on Home Creek. I know some on Barcaldine are paving lAd. an acrc. I do not know that Geo. H. Miller is paying 2d. an acre for 10,000 acres on Bar caldine resumption. I do not doubt that some of the selectors are paying 2d. an acre for farms on resumed portion of Home Creek. The railway has been extended since the commencement of the lease. Barcaldine head station is about 13 miles from the railway. There is no road that way ; the nearest point by road is 20 miles. The head station at Home Creek is from 35 to 40 miles from tbe railway station at Barcaldine. The head station is about the centre of the run. We shear for both stations at Barcaldine. I consider there are 35,000 acres of quite un available country on Barcaldine leasehold. It is dense scrub. There are no inaccessible ranges on either run. The scrub is along the frontage to the Alice. The stock route opened this year has a frontage to the Alice. The unavailable area on Home Creek I esti mate at 61,200 acres. It is all dense scrub. I arrived at this area by riding over the coun try, and measuring it on the map. That is my own calculation. I actually measured it off yesterday on the map. I have been over the run for the last twelve years. I have not been on the runs all that time. I have been general manager of the runs for the last eight yeurs. There is a resident manager at Barcaldine. 19,000 acres were fenced off at Home Creek and never used. We fenced off , 15,000 acres on Barcaldine, but we have used that. The whole of Home Creek is patchy country. We use 200 square miles at Clare. It is 50 miles north of Jericho. We have a lease of the country. I have classified the country on Home Creek as follows :—76,400 acres first-class sheep country ; G8,000 second class ; 24 000 third class country. I call it spinnifex country. We have used this coun try for sheep. There were sheep on it in February. It is valuable in conjunction with downs country. Clare country is simitar to the third class country on Home Creek, The sbeep sent to Clare never returned. They were all boiled down. I have not taken into account the number of horses and cattle on the runs. I should think there are about 300 horses and 200 head of cattle, That will be an outside estimate. There were about 500 cattle there in 1887. Mr. Newton ; We admit the stock returns are correct. Mr. Fairbairn : There were 110,000 in 1886. In 1892 I may have had 290 cattle on both runs. The stock returns are correct. 1 do not think we ever had more sheep on the run than shown in stock returns, unless it was after the lambing in November. The calcu lation of 61bs. wool to a sheep includes the clip from lambs eight to nine months old. We did not reduce our stock when tbe re sumed country was selected, as we used the greater part of it, but as it was fenced off we reduced our stock. I have seen by the papers there has been an advance on wool up to 5 per cent. There bare been small rises on some wool, bat none on others. I believe wool was admitted free into America since 1st August last* We have made no reduc tions in wages since 1887. Wages are as high now as they were in 1887. That applies to all classes of labor, except rouseaboutsr who are getting Is. less than in 1887. Bar caldine and Home Cteekare joined by Aving ton, Portland, and Alice Downs, Barcaldine bead station is nearer the railway than the head stations on other runs. Re-examined by Mr. Newton : The last sheep we boiled were GiOO wethers in 1893, with 14 months wool. They netted 3s. 5d. per head. It would not have paid to freeze them at Lakes Creek, In 1892 we froze the hindquarters of some sheep and we got noth ing for them, and had to pay £21 to cover cost. J. W. Edmonds deposed : I am inspector of stations for the South Australian Invest ment Company, and reside in Sydney. I remember inspecting Home Creek and Bar caldine runs in 1887, and found tlicy had been reasonably improved. (Witness was then referring to report made by him when Dividing Commissioner in 1887.) I consider the first-class country on Home Creek cap able of carrying a sheep to five acres, and the inferior country a sheep to about 16 acres. Mr. Sword : This would reduce the rent of the country to about a farthing an acre. Mr. Newton : Mr. Edmonds' estimate was higher than that of the Board. He put the rent for sheep at 4d. per head. STr. Sword : The Board estimated it at 2d. a bead. Mr. Edmonds: I have heard that the country carried double the number of sheep according to my estimate. It does not alter my estimate of the eapaeity. If the lessees carried twice the number of sheep I estimated the country would be overstocked. If you put 100.000 6beep on country which will carry only 50,000, both sheep and country will suffer. I don't say it won't pay ; but I say that with fewer sheep you would have better quality of sheep, and you would not eat out so much of the best grasses of the country. I think I estimated the rent at about 4<1\. per bead for sheep. I don't think that would be a fair charge now, as a sheep which would be worth 8s. then to pay for its keep, is worth only 4s. through the value of sheep and wool having depreciated 50 per cent. I daresay the carrying capacity of the country could be increased by spending money in subdividing paddocks and provid ing additional water supply. This additional expenditure would be beyond what the Act contemplated as necessary and reasonable. By Mr. Wilson : I think 127 sheep to the square mile is full stocking for first class country. Anything over that would be over stocking. I don't think I recommended a rentat of 43s. per square mile for Barcaldine leasehold. I stand by the report I made in 1887 on^ these runs, I don't remember at what price the Board fixed the rentals. I recommended dBl 17s. a mile on the leased part of Home Creek. On the leased part of Barcaldine I recommended 42s. 6d. per mile for first class, 26s^^^£or second class, and 17s. 3d. for rental on the 1 Barcaldine going ronndi the un.-ivaila days doing i Mr. Willi!} main 1 unimproH -and-dtn I of grea at it« think now j never said it was Hg^^|^?7butvery useful when there was a drought on the aowas. Be-pxamined : I think that a fair rental now would be £2 a square mile for the lease ,2d/.' r ^, 1 exam'ned the country in 1886 I think every block had fencing on it. VS hen I said any were unimproved I referred to the water supply, Mr. Newton addressed the Court. He sun posed that his friend, Mr. Wilson, would use the same old arguments to justify an increase of rents. There was the removal of the duty o" "90,1 imported into America (Mr. Wilson : Which has happened."], the increase in the price of wool, and the energy and enterprise of the meat exporting companies as an outlet for the disposal of stock. He bad the hardi hood to trot out those attenuated ghosts again, although it bad been shown that the abolition of the wool tarifi in the United States had not increased the number of American buyers, and the consumption of woo1 in America was not likely to increase. There had been a rise of 5 per cent, in wool: but it was for crossbreds, of which they had none in this district. The merino wool had not risen in price, and it was only problema tical that it would do so. He did not dispute the estimate of the Commissioner concerning the number of stock carried on the runs; but it must be taken in conjunction with the fact that the lessees had 200 square miles of country at Clare which was a standby in case tbe other runs were overstocked. It was only because they had this country to fall back upon in times of drought that the lessees were able to stock up to tbe extent they had done on Home Creek and Barcal aine. The lessees had spent about £1500 in fencing this country for the purpose. Air. admonds, when he was Dividing Commis sioner, put 4d. a head on sheep, and although the Board held the opinion that the assessing commissioner had nothing to do with esti mating profit, it bad been shown that the value of sheep had decreased 60 per cent., and consequently the estimated rental should be reduced proportionately from 4d. to 2d per head. An argument had been used that other people were willing to pav more for the runs ; but it might be they would take the eyes oat of the country, and selecting the best of it, pay three and fonr times more than the lessees. To point to a man who bad paid 2d. an acre and picked oat the best of the country was entirely beside the ques tion. He did not intend to enter into intri cate ca.culations, but it would be noted from Mr. Fairbairn's evidence that it cost him 2s 5d. per sheep to put the wool on the London 'without reckoning the interest on 450,000 spent in improvements. This was about 6d. per head on 100,000 sheep. They had the information that last year the wool averaged Slbs. per sheep, and it sold for G±d. P" !?;' or.2s- 74d- per sheep, so there was only 2}d. of a margin on each sheep for the grower, and they must remember the riBks and danger attending the business, which should entitle the grower to a higher profit. That all the profit should be devoted to pav ";ntal would be a very unfair fiff v! -' ? ,r was 'a'riy assessed at the beginning of the lease, the Board had only to consider whether the value of the properties bad increased since then. Mr. Edmonds had declared that tbe runs were well improved in 1887. In fact they had very highly developed, and immense sums had been spent since then in subdivid 1° jj i °Ss putting water in every paddock. The Act was not passed to check these improvements, and to put a higher tent upon the country because a lessee i creased the carrying capacity by i| ments in excess of those stipulated] Act. The carrying capacity was in by having the country at Clare ; I lessees paid extra rent for that, and had| a large sum in improving it. As foifi enterprise in frozen meat, the lesseesBhad sent sheep to be frozen with the resul# that . they lost their sheep and had to pay ijfaddi tion £.20, part of tbe cost of freezing; The people in England, out of curiosity, appeared to have taken the meat when first it &as; sent to that country, but now they did faot seem to carc for the product, and it wat shipped bomc with very unfortunate resujfts to the grower. Tliere was no prospect of the trade improving—at all events during the sccond term of lease. He admitted the! lessees had carried more stock on the run's than Mr. Edmonds estimated, but this had not produced an increased revenue. Tbe more stock there were tbe lesser the returns, Mr, Wilson said when the ^ct of 1884 was passed it was contemplated tbe runs would fetch up to 90s. a square mile before the end of tbe lease. The increase was not to exceed 60 per cent, for each term ; but the Commis sioner bad recommended an increase con siderably lets than this. Seven years ago the rent of* Barcaldine was fixed at 40s. per square mile, and that of Home Creek at 35s., which was a higher rental than that recom mended by their own Commissioner. He submitted that for the seftW'd—pw.'cd the recommendation of 49s. should be adopted. Mr. Harrison considered that both runs would carry tfery much the same, and Mr. Fairbairn*^ield a similar opinion. Only Home Greek was larger than Barcaldine, and therefore the rent for t-hatjhould not be so high. Tbe increase for Home Creek was only 2s. a cpile more than tyas asked for by Mr. Edmonds in 1887. Mr. Edmonds had made a gretat blunder ttyen, and now a desperate effort was being made to show that as the value/of sheep liacf decreased BO per cent, the rental per sheep Qfoghtto be reduced in the same; proportion. Jge would show by solid facts) the number Of sheep carried on the runs jNear by yearf an(j considerably beyond the e&iftmr.;*.? .ava§e by Mr. Edmonds. Tbe effect of the revisifaa of the American wool tariff would by ana b^r bent-fit the pro ducer. Tbey bad not yet nn*(l lime to be affected by results ; but there Wcpsg. about eight million dollars available for purdtiasA of wool through the Customs duties beina remitted. As for the rise in wool, smal£ though it might be, it would be of gretyt value to the industry. [Mr, Wilson hi^re read a printed extract from a report by Messrs. Newton & Co. concerning the antici pated rise in tbe value of wool.J He sublet ted that 2d. a head for sheep was a l^w rentai, for on some runs it had been fixed 3d. Portland and Alice Downs, which joined Barcaldine and Home Creek^ assessed at 2d. a head, and those rjj not as close to the railway as Baj Home Creek. It was a faci farmers were paying 1 Jd.j land on Barcaldine. It/ selected the eyes of thj so, then the resumed^ be all eyes, as thj bad been select^ solid fact of vjjfllP^PIEinjeen carried oil [-tin*-funs-tor the last seven years. It wal strong evidence of the carrying capacity of* the runs. The lessees could not say we have carried this number of sheep, but it has dc- f stroyed the country, because the Act provided a penalty for this, and, besides, pastoralists knew their business and were not likely to injure themselves by destroying the country. After makitig a liberal allowance for lambs and increased carrying capacity by improve ments, and by having Clare as a standby, tbe returns showed the runs carried more sheep than either Mr. Edmonds or Mr. Harrison estimated. Barcaldine was one of tbe bes; runs in the district. All the shearing of the. two runs was done at the head station, 20 miles from Barcaldine township and 13 miles from the railway. The rent asked for was very reasonable, and the lessees might consider it prudent to pay it, although they contested it; but that was not a matter for him. He bad noticed there was a separate return of stock for Clare, although Mr. Fair bairn had stated all the stock on that run was included in the Barcaldine returns. For 1893 tbe Clare returns showed 39,100 sheep on that run. Barcaldine and Home Creek had been returning over 200,000 sbeep for the last two years, including leasehold and resumption ; but there was actually no re sumed country on Barcaldine. Mr. Edmond s' estimate was that the runs could carry only 32,000 sheep. On the 1st January, according to returns, the Barcaldine leasehold was carrying 339 sheep to the square mile. Las year the run waB carrying 411 sheep to th square mile. These included cattle an horses, one of which was estimated as oqu to six sheep. He therefore submitted that Home Creek and Barcaldine were able carry 339 sheep to the square mile, then the Commissioner's estimate was considerably lower than the actual carrying capacity of the runs, and he asked that the recommenda tion for an increase be adopted. Decision reserved. Abamac. Mr. Newton appeared for tbe lessee. Commissioner Paul's report showed that there wore 452i square miles of country on Aramac leasehold, of which 74 square miles were unavailable. He estimated the run would carry 59,803 sheep, agistment for which lie fixed at 3d. per head. This would make tbe rental 38s. 9d. per square mile ; but, as that was above the 50 per cent, in crease allowed, lie recommended the rental should be 33s. 9d. per square mile, £G38 14s. -Jid., an increase of lis. 3d. per square mile. A letter was read from ihe manager of the Bank of N.S.W., on bebalf of tbe lessee, ob jecting to the increase on the ground that the property had depreciated in value since first assessment, owing to bad seasons and low price of wool .and stock. The writer suggested that as all wages had been cut down 20 per ccnt., he thought the rent should be cut down in the same proportion. At a later period of the hearing, Mr. Wilson having referred to this statement as meaning that wages on Aramac Station had been cut down 20 per cent., Mr. Newton denied the statement, and said it referred only to the general reduction in salaries nnd wages to which all persons in the country had sub mitted. The Board accepted this interpreta tion. William Sheffield Paul, Assessing Com missioner Crown Lands, deposed : I inspected Aramacrun in May last, and the report sent in is mine. The country on this run is very varied in character. I have not inspected spinifex country before, cxccpt unofficially. I base my estimate of carrying capacity of runs on the quality of the oountry. I was inspecting runs in the Warrcgo district is. 1865\. Portions of Aramac run arc exactly the same. I don't think Aramac Station is 60 valuable as it was seven years ago. Mr. Newton : What is the value of a run, its value in revenue? what you can get for it in cash ? It would be a fair thing for the Board to define what is value ? Mr. Tully: There are different kinds of value. Mr. Sword : If you took the value of the market now you might not get the price for the run paid seven years ago; but, if you offered the land to grazing farmers, the rent offered by them would probably be consider ably more than estimated by the lessees. Mr. Newton : The value is enhanced when there are a number of applicants for grazing farms by the difficulty of obtaining one. Mr. Paul: I say the marketable value of the land this year is not nearly so high as it was seven years ago. I don't think so much revenue could be got from Aramac Station as in 1887, because the lessees could not get such good prices for wool and stock. I have not put any increase on my recommendations, which are less than they were for similar country in 1885. Aramac is a highly im proved station. It would carry as much stock as I estimated even if it were not so highly improved. I have taken, the water improvements as they existed in 1885. £10 to £15 a square mile is my estimate of what are reasonable water improvements. £30 a square mile is about what the improvements are now worth. There are only a few dams, and they are very small ones. I was not aware that every dam was dry in 1893. I believe it because they were not first-class dams. If there had been no bores on Aramac in 1893, the result might have been, as it was at Portland in 1883, almost a total loss. There is only one permanent waterhole on Aramac, except the lake. The clay-pans and ranges make good catchments, as they are like galvanised iron roofs, and therefore, I say it is an easy place for making water. The lake is called the Soda Lake. I don't know whether the stock drink at it when low. I couldn't drink the water myself. I think the raifall in this district is about the same as at Blackall. It is probably better than at Boulia. By Mr. Wilson; I know that Aramac run has a larger number of sheep than I have esti mated. In 1892, the returns were 124,000 ; 1893, 141,707; the returns of sheep from 1889 to 1893 averaged 129,861. I do not know the additional country the lessees rent. I think that 3d. a head on the number of sheep estimated is a fair rental. I think that £1 13s. 9d. is a moderate rental, but as the Act permits me to put only 50 per cent. on, I have reduced the rental. I have had con siderable experience of runs in this district. By Mr. Tully ; I have examined several runs in the district. Coreena is the nearest approach to Aramac. It adjoins, and the country is similar. I cannot say that one is better than the other, except for distance of carriage. I inspected Stainbnrn ; there is more unavailable country, and there is a stock route through it, but the country is a little better than Aramac. Bowen Downs is exactly identical with Nive Downs. It con tains a very large area of beautiful country, and a lot of inferior country. Bowen Downs is a better run than Aramac or Coreena. James Tolson, lessee of Aramac run, de posed : I bought Aramac Station in the early part of 1891. There were then 101,000 grown sheep and their lambs on the station. 1891 was an exceptionally good year. I saw it would be necessary to increase the area to carry the quantity of sheep on the station and the increase. I bought Albion Vale ran, about 177 square miles. I also bought Fleet wood run of 178 square miles. They were unstocked with the exception of about 3000 sheep on Fleetwood. This was to provide against overstocking. I also took up Grcy rock, 84 square miles, on occupation license, land two adjacent blocks, Rangers Vale and Ivyleaf, containing about 100 square miles —about 475 miles altogether. I fenced all this country and put down two bores on Grey rock and Rangers Vale country. Also a bore on Albion Vale and one on Fleetwood. The water in the last bore does not rise to the surface, but is pumped out. The greatest return of stock was in 1892—141,000, including lambs. The return was made for January, 1893. They were sent in for Aramac, as the stock were there on the station, but in January, 1893, and the succeeding months, 67,000 sheep were sent away to the other runs. We lost 18,000 sheep that year, in spite of sending a lot away. These sheep were lost from the effects of drought, or heavy stocking. If we had not had the bores we could not have carried 20,000 sheep on the run. There is a good deal of natural water on Aramac, but it is all on the spinifex country. The downs country is dry, with the exception of one hole in Aramac Creek, eight miles from the township. The soda lake is available for stock in an ordinary season, but then it becomes too mineralised for the stock to drink. There are springs near it. We use Corinda to a large extent in connection with Aramac. The stations are a long distance apart, but there is a constant exchange of sheep between the two stations. Mr. Newton (to the Board) : You can understand that, with such a station in re serve, an owner can stock up more danger ously than he could if he had no standby. Mr. Tolson : There has been great difficulty in disposing of surplus stock. I went into Torrens Creek Boiling Down Works to get rid of some of my sheep. In 1893 I boiled down 30,000 sheep. It was a costly under taking for me. The sheep boiled down netted 1s. 10¾d. The country on the Aramac lease hold is about 125 square miles first class Mitchell downs country, and about 40 square miles second class boree country, The whole leasehold will carry about 55,000 sheep, but without bores very much less. This is the Commissioner's estimate. Threepence a head is too much for agistment. I think existing rental is a fair thing. There are at present 67,000 sheep and 10,000 lambs on the whole of the run, including leasehold resumption resumption and adjacent 475 square miles of other country. By Mr. Sword : Are you giving the country a rest now ? The country is giving us a rest. By Mr. Wilson : I have sent 4000 sheep to be boiled this year. They were sent to Cor inda laBt year, and sent from Corinda to be boiled. I purchased Albion Vale in 1891, Fleetwood in 1892, and the other blocks I took up in the beginning of 1893. In Albion Vale leasehold there are €7 miles of available and 6G miles of unavailable country, and the grazing right is 22 miles available and 22 miles unavailable. On Fleetwood, there is 124 miles available and 74 unavailable. On Greyrock there is no dense Bcrnb. but it is rangy, rocky gorges with spinifex between. It has 90£ square miles available and GJ un available. The country on Banger's Valley and Ivyleaf has about 70 or 80 sqnaie miles available. There is lancewoort and poison bush on it, which is fenced off. The bores were put down there last year. The bores on Aramac were put down in 1892. There are six of them, one not being complete. I be lieve there would be in the beginning of 1193 neatly 1000 head of horses and cattle, but all the brood mares and stud bulls and cows were sent away in 1893. At the beginning of 1894 they were brought back, and three months ago there was another draft sent away. There are now about 300 horses and about 300 or 400 head of mixed cattle on Aramac run. I hare had a good many stock travel ling lately. In ordinary seasons we reckon about 5 per cent, was from death, accident, &c.; I knew the late Mr. Forsyth. I agree with him there is a great quantity of water on the run, but it is on one side, the spinifex country. The waterhole on map is nothing like the extent shown. It is a permanent bole but instead of being seven miles long it is about half a mile in length. The Govern ment bore runs into the hole, but take that away, and it would not bold water up to the boundary fence. There is only the one per manent hole in Ingberry block. Mr. Newton said he hoped the Board would take notiec that this run had been remarkably well improved. The Commissioner had esti mated the water improvements were worth £30 a mile, and this meant that, with rent and interest, the lessee would be paying £5 10s. per mile. Yet it was shown that, if the station had to depend upon the water im provements, estimated at £10 a mile, the whole of the stock would have perished in the drought of 1893. The lessee did not differ from the Commissioner on the esti mated carrying capacity of the run, but they objected to the rent being fixed at 3d. per head, which was a 50 per cent, higher esti mate than that arrived at by Mr. Harrison. Be showed that the lessee could not have carried the sheep he did on the run unless be acquired this country as a safeguard in time of drought. If be exceeded his estimate of the stock the country ought to carry he bad this get away. He pointed out that it was unfortunate the Act of 1881 had not clearly pointed out that an increase in rental for second term was discretionary with the Board. The words increase not to exceed 50 per cent, seemed to imply that an increase was compulsory. The rents, he thought, were not intended by the Act to be progressive, unless the value of a run was increased by being brought nearer to a port or its carrying capacity improved by natural causes. The fact that the railway was completed since the beginning of the lease was not a reason why the rent should now be increased, as the Commissioner in 1887 said the railway would be built during the seven years, and the adjustment of rental for that term was influenced by this. Large sums of money had been spent on the run since 1891, when the piescnt lessee bought it. It was an open secret that Mr. Tolson's enterprise had not met with its reward, and he hoped the Board would not put a heavier burden upon his shoulders. Mr. Wilson replied that the clause relating to the 50 per cent, restriction in increase of rents was the result of a bargain with the squatters. Originally the Bill provided that rents of runs should rise until they reached 95s. per square mile, and the amendments were made allowing not more than 50 per cent, of an increase no matter bow low the rent might have been fixed in the first instance. It was in the discretion of the Board to increase the rents or not if they pleased to do so, but, no matter what happened during the next seven years, the Board conld not in crease the rent after that period more than 50 per cent. The evidence showed that an increase of 50 per cent, in this case was a very fair one. Since laBt assessment the rail way which was then only talked about was an accomplished fact, and one of the elements in the increased value of the country which the Act specially referred to. The country was well watered naturally with a large per manent hole in the creek, a lake, and a supply cf inexhaustible springs, which added a great deal to the capabilities of the run. Of course, since the bores were put down, the country could carry a much larger number of stock, but he did not ask the Board to assess the rent at more than the run could carry with proper and reasonable improvements. The lessee had not disputed the carrying capacity of the run, but when Mr. Tolson took np the run in 1890, and before he had acquired the country adjacent to it, there were 100,000 sheep on it. In 1881 the run carried 153,800 sheep, besides horses and cattle, and in 1889 121,000 sheep were on the run, There were, in fact, before the later improvements were made, as many sheep carried in 1889 as in 1893. An average of the sheep carried from 1881 to 1892, before the bores were put down, was more than double the quantity mentioned in Mr. Tol son's estimate. In 1893 the lessee had 141,000 sheep, 1000 cattle, and 300 hnrses on the run. That was 208 to the square mile, which was a much less number than Mr. Paul's estimate. If threepence per sheep was considered too much, then the carrying capacity might be estimated higher, and 33s. 9d. per square mile was certainly not too high for such a very good run. The Board reserved their decision. 