Heu of Muscle. « GIANTS THAT HAVE FIGURED IN THE PAST. Of the wonderful athletes of all ages, Milo of Greton is perhaps the most known. He once ran a mile with an ox on Mb shoulders ; then, with a blow of Ms fist, he killed the- beast and ate it in one day. The strongest man could not take from Milo a pomegranate which he held between his two fingers, although a woman he loved is said to have done it. He could break by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. One day, being iu a house with some pupils of Pythagoras, the ceiling threatened to fall in, but Milo supported the column on which it rested, thus giving his friends time to escape. His death iB well known. He tried to tear asunder the trunk of a tree, but his hands got pinched in the wood, and being unable to dis engage them, he perished, devoured by wild beasts. Theagencs of Thaso3, who, with a body like that of Apollo and the strength of Hercules, surpassed all his rivals in all kinds of exercises, won over 1 ,400 prizes. Eurybate, Chilo, Euthymos, and Astydamus won also renown as wonderful athletes. The strength of Samson is too well known to need description here. The Roman Emperor Calus J ulius Verus Maximus was a marvel of strength, being able to squeeze the hardest stone to powder with his fingers. He was upwards of eight feet iu height, and his wife's bracelet could serve Mm as a finger ring. Salvias, of Rome, could walk up a ladder carrying 2001b. on his shoulders, 2001b. in his hands, aui 2001b. fastened to his feet. Athanatus could run round the arena carry ing 5001b. fastened to his feet. Iccus could hold the most furious bull and fear away his horns as easily as one would pull up radishes." Sc mderberg, King of Albania, who lived in the fifteenth century, was reputed the strongest man of his time. He was a man of great stature, and the power of his arm was such that he thongnt nothing of cutting two men in ha! yes with one single blow of his sword. Francis of Vivonne, Lord of Chasteignerave, who lived at the Court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Bouffiers, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take from him a ball which he held between Ms thumb and first finger. While standing up, with no support what ever, four strong soldiers could not move him; he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amoved himself by taking on his shoulders his oru horse, fully harnessed, and with that heavy load he promenaded the public square to the great delight of the inhabitants. At about the eame time there lived a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and ten nren pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Saxony, was a man of greath strength ; he could carry a man in Ms open band. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded Ms palace, pre tending to be a ghost. Augustus's son, the famous Maurice, Mareckal de Saxe, who commanded the French st Fontenoy, was also a marvel of strength. On one occasion he twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with wMch he drew the corks ef half a dozen bottles. He could break with Ms hauda the strongest horseshoe. One day whsu in London he had a row with a dustman, when he seized the man by the bead, and, throwing Mm in the air, let him drop right in the middle of his own dust-cart The only opponent who succeeded in resisting Mm was a woman, a Mdlle. GautMer, an act ress. Maurice tried with her to Bee who could put down the ether's wrist, and after a long itruggle she won, but with the greatest diffi culty. The power of Mdlle. Gauthier's arm was far beyond the common, and with her fingers she sould roll up silver plates as easily as any one would paper. Thomas Topham, born in London in 1710, was a man possessed of extraordinary strength. He once lifted three casks filled with water and weighing in all 1,836 pounds. He is said to have had the combined strength of 12 men. He could bend a stout bar of iron by hold ing the two ends with Ms hands, placing the middle of the bar behind Ms neck and bringing the two ends forward. He could alBO undo what he bad done — that is, straighten the bar again, a much more difficult feat. He broke a rope fastened ou - the ground that would sustain 2,0001b. weight, and lifted an oak table 6ft. long with his teeth, though a hundredweight was bung at the extremity. With one hand ho wised ft m&n; who weighed 27 stone. Once, seeing a watchman asleep in Ms box, he carried awaj both man and box a long dis tance. It is said of . Mm that, having been placed on some duty at the entrance-gate - of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach to go through ; on the driver whipping up his horses and 'attempting to pass, Topham took hold of the hind wheels of the coach and upset it and its occupants into the roadway. Topham, who kept a public-house in Isling ton had a wife who quarrelled with him to suchsa extent that the drove him to commit suicide. Hercules, Samson, Milo and many other wonders of bodily strength had to give to a Woman ; so did Tophain, apparently. At about the same time as Topham there lived another wonderfully strong man, Richard Joy, whose feats may possibly have got mixed in records with those of - Topham. Richard Joy was already renowned for his marvellous strength before Topham was born. . He was commonly known as the " Kentish SamBdp" and the 44 Strong Man of Kent." Among other.things, he could cope successfully against any powerful horse, lift a ton weight, and snap a rope that bore 3,500 pounds without breaking, the latter being far more extraordin ary than Topham's similar feat. He was drowned in a smuggling expedition some ten years before Topham's death, and is buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church, near Broadstairs. ! A Scotchman, said to be the last of the Stuarts, was also possessed of exar&ordinary; strength, from which circumstance he got the byname of Jemmy Strength. Among other feats, he could carry a 24- pounder cannon, and had been known to lift a cartload of hay weighing a ton and a half upon his back. Many a time he took up a jackass, and, carry- - ing it ou Ms shoulders, walked through the toll-gate. A Belgian giant 'could stand up under two tone. Jonathan Fowler, a Massachusetts fisherman, once walked out knee- deep through tbe mud and filth of a seashore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it alive on his back to the shore. The shark weighed 500 pounds, quite a load, con sidering that it was not the most portable of articles, and that the man had to wade through mud. Dr Winship, the well-known American athlete, raised from the gronnd 1,4001b. A seaman on board the celebrated cruiser the Alabama, a Scotchman named Gill, could lift a man at arm's length with one hand. Abraham Lincoln, the martyr President, was a man of great strength. He could with one blow bury an axe in the trunk of a tree deeper than any other man, and he is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon - house weighing 6001b. 