LONDON WEEK BY WEEK. (WuniH ADS IlXUSTKATBD BY HARRY FCBMISS, OK "PONCH."] London, January 4. ., "Tor many years I have received an invitation to the annual function of the cutting of the Baddeley Cake at Drury-lanc oil Twelfth Wight. The first, I reoolleot, took place in the reign of Chattel ton, and was a very different affair to the revel of Druriolanua ; as a matter of fact, it was more in keeping with the ideas of Baddeley, the originator and donor, who left iu his will an amount of money sufficient to supply the clown and his fellow pantomiinists with a slice of cake and a glass of wine each Twelfth Night. The little gathering took place in the greenroom of the theatre. The clown out the cake, and the hard worked girls and comedians eat it and dxjuik the wine. They toasted Baddeley ; all was over in a fen minutes, and it was a rare thing to find a stranger taking any pirt in the merry little celebration. Bat now is the age of theatrical advertisement. The pantomime crowd is turned out with the footlights, and its members have trudged through the snow and ^re enjoying their kipper and 'arf-and-'arf in their modest lodgings before the theatre, which they have iust vacated, is converted into a palace of reception. AT THK PANTOMIME —A CONTRAST, Invitations have been issued to hundreds, including tbe leading a tars of the legitimate drama, poers, poets, artists, Ambassadors, members of Parliament—even members of the London County Council—the Press, and a good slice of the public. The effect is magni&cont.; Druriolanus does not do things by halves, and this ceremony is the most attractive spectacle of the season. The cake is colossal, oham.pA(nie flows freely, speeches are made. The music strikes up, and "d«ncing is kept up uMil a late hour." But I liked the little gathering in the greenroom beat, and I have no doubt that Baddeley turns in his grave at the modern innovation, but as I am a member of the Thirteen Club I unfortunately cannot interview the good muTe ghost and make known hie opinion. This year, however, the crowd was not invited in consequence of Sir Augustus Druriolanus being unfortunately unwell, t<n, after all, the gathering was more like those of the old times. That fraud, the begging fireman, who year after year goes from door to door in our London euburbe, dressed as a genuine fighter of the flames and asking 'for Christmas boxes for the members of the Fire Brigade, has been at his old tricks again this week, and, although the bona-fide fireman and the police warn householders of these frauds in borrowed plumage, the foolish and the benevolent give their money, fill in tbe boguB subscription-books, and encourage these fraudulent scoupdrels. It was, therefore, with unalloyed delight that I received from a domestic the information that tbe fireman had- called for his subscription. "Genuine3" I asked. "I doubt it, sir." I was just waiting for a crucial test. "Has he an overcoat on?" "Yes, sir." "Then tell him he cannot be genuine ; the London County Council only recognise firemen without overcoats." The fellow promptly fled. This is a hinc to other householders who are annually bothered with this pest. Should this meet the eye of the subscription-begging fiend, he will in all probability arrive at your front door shivering and overcoatlese—so beware! m TB« BOGUS HERMAN. Tbe duooursea of men ,61 science in the London Institution are not alwaya in keeping with outside events; but as far as the title was concerned there was a peculiar fitnew in Professor Dewar's last lecture, " Liquid Air and its Coldness," for the day of the lecture happened to be the coldest we have experienced for many years—Hnow was thick on the ground, and the extreme severity of the weather was the all-absorbing topic of the day. Every one wanted to know some facts about it. :Here, in this lecture was a chance ; but, alas, as the Professor explained, the atmospheric conditions could not have been better combined to hamper him in his work, He had bad days of anxiety—all tbe wsterpipee in his house had burst and the • gastneber was frozen. This uT indeed a case of "Physician, heal thyself!" and must afford a certain gratification to ordinary mortals. Surely if any one could prevent the bursting of ^aterpipes and freezing of ^aiiraa'exsin the house it is those Scientific men who lecture upon •^laqmd Air und it*, Coldness. 4 ' "fte*. Had the most interesting and dever Professor left this Bub- JECB' alone and given practical " JOVBSILE6" AT'THE LONDON JKKTITUTIOS. advice upon such domestic matters all London would have rushed to hear him. At this time of the year his lectures are for juveniles, land there is nothing more popular in London. A lew evenings ago I was talking to Professor Dewar about the delight -th^ae lectures gave. Yes," said he, " but*it is the old people who never mibs one. -J&iaUy; f belieVe the feefefAfc if looglife is to attend the lecttires of the London Institution ; people who go to them never die—they are children at eighty and ninety yean of age." It is a pretty but absurd idea on the part of a contemporary to sugcest that oar Boyal Academicians, for the benefit of the unemployed, should model sno^r figures in a publto park. On the Continent, where artists are 'Artists' for arcs ' sake, and iaofc a narrow commercial clique, ' such a thing is possible, indeed has been carried out with great success in Brass els. The R.A.'e and A.JEt. A.'e are not the men to do this in a public jtark. They might mo ^ el a few in the yard of Burlington House, and invite outsiders to 4o the balk of the work, and only open the gates if Lhe shillings went into the coffers of their Society, as they do in the spring. There is nothing for the sake of • ' • SNOW FIGURES IN PABJJAMEjrr. art in-their annual Exhibitions—it is all for themselves. There is nothing for the pebpft—it is all for their own pockets; so it is perfectly ridiculous to expect veteran Academicians to shine in the snow whilst roauu'acturing monstrosities for charity when in the height of the festive season. They will not open their door6 for any object of the sort. After all it would not be a bad idea for members of Parliament to amuse themselves during-the winter by modelling snow figures on the terrace to pass the time during the protracted Committees. The Premier, with spade and sxe, could no doubt model a beautiful figure of Erin representing Home Kale, Mr. Fowler a Parish Councils Bill, and Sir William Harcourt the most colossal of .Budgets. They would last as long as the snow, melt away with the first ray of sunshine, and the occupation would be far more healthy than that of sitting \n the stuffy_Hoase. It is the custom now for the papers to publish a daily list of distinguished patients. During the Ia6t few days I have been scanning these lists carefully to see how the old lady of Threadneedle-street is after the terrible shock she received last week from the attack upon her by Mr. A. J. Wilson, Editor of the Investors' Btvuto, and a man whose authority on City 1 matters is unquestioned. Nothing more sensational . has been published for many a long day. It touches Englishmen in a way nothing else possibly could ; it touches their pockets and their faith in the dear old lady It tends to dispel that time-honoured phrase, 'fas safe as the Bank of England." Some may perhaps think that Mr. Wilson, like the fat boy in "Pickwick," only wanted to make the old lady's flesh creep. At any rate he has made her millions of admirers and believers open their eyes and start with asi tonishment. It can do uo harm, and it may do a lot of good ; but for the present the ideal, firm businesslike, infallible, revered commercial woman of Threadneedle-street is reported by Dr. Wilson, the expert, to be nothing more than a "paralytic old lady." His sax MtUTito OLD LADY orTHRHAMTMSDXJS-STRBET. bulletins will be read with the deepest interest by a country whose commercial stability depends upon this old lady—a country, too, that is sadly alarmed by .the doctor's, sensational report, coming as it does at a time when two-thirds of the old lady's children are in anything but a healthy state. Among dramatists it has become tbe fashion to attack a certain section of the Press, which is very awkward for the Q critics, and, I venture to think, not very judicious. Thatssupreme satirist, Mr. W. J 8\. Gilbert, holds society journalism up to ridicule in his new opera at the Savoy, and now Mr. Grundy goe6 for the theatrical critics in his play produced at the (Warrick on Saturday night. The theatres have the whip hand. As Mr. Grundy points out, not in this play, but in his book on the theme of his other play, "Sowing the Wind," if you slate a play you lose the advertisements. In many offices the advertising agent is to be consulted before the Editor or the Manager. ] had this brought home to me quite recently by one of our most versatile and popular theatri- sal critics. " Why do you praise everything ?" I asked. " Because I must. If I don't they will get some one else to write the criticisms. Tbe advertising agent kicks up a row, and, old fellow, it won't do to run down a piece and expect the advertisements from the theatre." "The Old Jew," tbe subject of Mr. Grundy's play, is designed to break down the stupid, impossible, triple- hatted, despicable old Hebrew which the theatres hive educated the public to believe is the true type of Pio chosen race. The new type of dramatic critic will probably follow in the next pW- THE OLD JKW. BOVALTV UffDERGEOCND. Wonders will never cease ! H.R.H. the Prince of Wales travelled on the Underground Railway last Saturay for the first time, but the special reaeon of his so doing is not revealed. Is he going in for surprises, having taken a leaf out of the eccentric book of hiB erratic nephew, the Emperor of Germany ? His experiment on the Underground was not impromptu, but prepared. Red carpets were laid down for him to tread on, and bunting was hung to relieve the dulness of the smoky tunnel; and no doubt sanitas was sprinkled about, and bouquets presented to the distinguished visitor. Then the station was Baker-street, which is a new one, and the journey was into the country instead of being citywards under the warehouses. Now, his crowned nephew would have selected Gower-streefc at 6 p m., and travelled through tbe city iu a third-class carriage incognilo. He would then have acquired some knowledge of the sulphurous subway, of which his beloved uncle still remains in ignorance. 