AMUSEMENTS. The complimentary benefit to be tendered at the Theatre Royal on Friday next to Mr. H. J. Whittingcon promises to be highly successful. An excellent programme has been arranged, and the sale of tickets is proceeding satisfactorily. During his long career treasurer at the Theatre Royal "Dick" Whit tington has made a host of friends, who will doubtless bo only too ready to accord him a bumper bouse on the occasion of his benefit. A grand orchestral and vocal concert in aid of the fund for distressed women and children will be given in the Town Hall on Thursday next, when Herr H. Heinicke will act as musical director and Herr G. Vollmar acoom papist. The programme is in every respect a most attractive one, and apart from the deserving object to be served, should be sufficient to draw an over ! flowing house. The vocalists include Miss Guli Hack, A.R.C.M., who will sing Stralezki's " Dreams" (with a violin obbligato by Mr. A. 0\. Quin); Mrs. Johnson James, who will give "The shadow song" from Meyerbeer's opera "Dinorah;" and Mrs. Fy vie Denoh (Miss Etta Wood), who will contribute "When sparrows build." Messrs. H. G. Nash, M. Marcus, andT. 0. PaltridgewLUalsosing. Herr Heinicke's orchestra will play a grand march I by Sarakoweki, a selection " Mikado," Suppe's overture "Poet and peasant," Ganne's con cert maznrka "Russe," and the valse"Am Sohonen Rhein Gedenk iekDien." In addition to officiating as accompanist Herr Vollmar j will contribute as a 'cello solo an "Adagio" by 1 Bargiel with an orchestral accompaniment. All the performers are giving their services gratui tously, and as the price of admission is i only one shilling the .Town Hall should be filled to overflowing. The first of the Bentley-Webster concerts will be given in the Town Hall on Monday evening, when in addition to Mr. Walter Bentley and Miss Isabel Webster, Messrs. R. Nitachke and A. 'Duncan and Miss Mary Ban croft will also appear. , The daily and "evening sessions of the Cyclorama of the Battle of Waterloo were i again largely attended on Monday when the magnificent picture of the battlefield, together with the additional attractions, Napoleon's ghost and the enchanted fountain, met with the utmost appreciation. The Adelaide Liedertafel, mindful of the Bucceas which attended their marine excursion of last year, have arranged for a similar outing this evening,: when the vocalists and their friends will leave the Semaphore in the Eleanor for a short cruise in the ivaters of the gulf. Music and mirth, two characteristics in separable from the Liedertafel excursions, will again assert their sway, and a delightful even ng should be spent by all who travel with the merry company. On Monday evening a complimentary benefit was given to Mr. Paddy Flynn by a variety troupe in the Hindmarsh Town Hall, for services rendered in aid of charitable i objects, and there was a large attendance. Mr. Flynn, who met with a good reception, was the interlocutor; Messrs. J. LeDann and F. Williams, bones; Messrs. P. Myhill and P. Redman, tambos; Mr. E. J. Combe, pianist; and Mr. J. Keane, stage manager. a good programme was satisfactorily carried out. Those who took part in the proceedings were Messrs. J. Testro, P. Redman, W. Sullivan, F. Williams, J. LeDann, P. Myhill, J. i Hawke, A. Martens. B. Frith, P. Flynn, A. Lord, H. SheevB3, J. Skuce, H. Hoffmaver, P. Suck, and G. Thomson. The final number j was a farce " Mary Ann's .Choice," which was I enacted by Messrs. P. Flynn, P. Myhill, J. j Keane, H. Hoffmeyer, and J. LeDann. The I Bovrden Brass Band played selections on the | balcony of the Town Hail prior to the enter tainment commencing. 