CLEAR AS SUNSHINE. ' . ; V'tfOW FIRST PUBtlSHBDi ay, ff BY RICHARD ASHE KING 1 ("BA3II,"). Author ot " Love the Debt," " The Woaring" I of tho Green," las., era, 1 (Copyright.) . '"What ere you two fellows sniggering over P' tried Captain Barrington te a couple of subal terns who were giggling like a brace of school girls over a photograph. " Something uaaty, A ll be bound." I " Nasty I Never made a worse shot in vonr V>fe, bid man. Eh, Colthurst ? It's ahCiifc as liceyrpicey a picture as evor you saw. Ask Colthurst." i "Rather 1" chuckled Cothurst.appreoiutivoly. ' " And it's not a fancy picture, either, for .I hook it myself with a snap-shot of my'Kodak,' " aid Perry. " Hero 1 Chuck it over if it's presentable," cried Barrington. Perry skimmed tho photograph across tile room to tho Captain, who stooped, piaked it up, glnnced at it, and then sat suddonly down with tho exclamation whioh seemed to have boon wrung from him by a turu of the rack. , "Myflod!" ' " What— what'e tho matter ? Are you ill S"' cried Perry, starling up and hurrying across the room to Barrington, who for a moment made no answer. Presently lie forced himscf to look again at tho photograph, when ho again groaned and gasped hoarsely : — "Where— ?" j " Where ?" echoed Perry, in perplexity, .' " Whore did you take this ?" cried the Cap tain, with a Buddcu fierceness which mado Perry recoil a step. " I— I took it somewhere iu Ireland. Where the deuce did I take it now ? Ob, to be sui-e Itwnsuonr Incbichrou. There wiib a sudden ?hower, and 1 ran for shelter to a ruined castle, ami was only slopped at tho entrance by the sight of those two spouuing together. Just then thu sun hurst again, and as they were tee muoh taken up with eacli other to notice me, 1 could not resist taking a snap siiot at them with my Kodak.'" "l.t was n gentlemanly thing lo do, Mr.lYrry," the Captain said in a keen and cold tone, with a surprising recovery of his sell- command. " What do you mean ?" stuttered l'erry, blushing scarlet. " It you were capable of understanding my moaning you would bo iueapahe of this," be oriod in a tone that out like a whip-laab, point- \- to the photograph. Then with a withering look at the two foolish lads ho stole from tho room. Perry turned on inquiring look of perplexity to Colthurst, who promptly answered it. " You've boon and gone and done it now, my boy, ami no mistake ! It's tlie girl he's engaged to. ' Inohicliree Castlo ' or ' House ' is her address, for I've posted letters to her for him more than once." "Good heavens !" cried Perry aghast. " But hang it all !" he added. " He's well out of it. An uugsgud girl, like that, who would sit on another fel low's knee, with hsr arm round his neck and her check against his, is better found out before marriage than after." This also was the consoling conclusion the Captain tried to persuade himself that he had calmly cojne to ; hut his wild, mad love for Kitty Power cried aloud against it. If only ho luid not known ! If oidy he hud been allowed to live in his Elysinn illusion— a Fool's Paradise— bnt such a I'nradise ! But ill). He was driven out from it with this flaming _ sword which pierced and burned and saaroil his vary soul. As ha pnceil his own room to and fro he had again and again tried lo forco himself to look at the photograph once more and mako assurance doubly suro ; but be could not for a long time. When he did at Inst' look nt it, ho struck it savagely with iris clenched fist and oriod — " By 1 He'll answer this Jo me !" And for some time ho really did cherish tho absurd hope of a duel with ids rival in Bolgium —a hope whicb, like a lightning-conductor, diverted his fury from Kitty— but soon, seeing its foolishness, ho was again torn and tortured with thoughts only of Her. How ho loved and listed her ! Worshipped snd scorned her ! Her ? Whom should he justly scorn ? Himself — himself alone ! Had ho not been warned ngnin and again and again that the girl was a flirt ? Did not his aunt no later than last week complain -to him in a long lattny nf lior conduct with a Mr. Rolleston— this very man pVoBEUliT?' Kuowing hia aunt's Engliah and old- maidish prudery he had been impatient of her wooden warnings— assurod that oho had misconstrued tin- innocent gaiety and guileless abandonment ami tho wistful winsomcnoss of an Irish girl through putting upon them a matter-of- fact English inlcrpretation. But " flirt " was a mild uame indeed to give i girl who, while writing almost daily letters to ier betrothed, nlive and alight with seemingly Ihe most artless love, could sit upon another man's kuee (not a brother's, for she had none) with hor arm round liis neck, lior olieclc uestled against his, and iter hand smoothing the hair from his forehead It wao nt this frenzied pointof his meditations that tho Captain sat ' down to write tho letter whioli turned Kilty the next morning white ss the bronkfnst-cloib. Being a girl of a singularly high spirit she did not ultor a single word, but aft'cctcd to go on with lior breakfast unconcernedly until her father and bar two young sistarn bad quitted the room. Then she rose, and gettiug behind bor mother's clmir to prevent the white anguish lof lior face being aeon, she said iu breathless staccato sentences : — "Koad tbat, mother. It is from Captain Bar- rington. Nover spoak either of it or of him to me again." ' And before bar mother had realised that something horrible had happened to sever the lovers Kitty had swept in the queeulicst wsy from tho room. Nor even iu the privaoy of her own room did she for a long time break down into ahjoot tears. She stood ss though turned to white marble, facing defiantly the Captain's photograph over the mantel-piece, as though daring it to repeat the outrageous language of the lotter. When her mother's timid knock came pre sently to tho door Kitty . asked in a dull dead voico : — , "What is it P" I It is I, door." I " Well, mother, what is it ?" she repeated upon hor mother's entrance. " It's some misunderstanding, Kitty— some dreadful misunderstanding— or niisohief-making of bis aunt's. From the first, dear, I never |il-...l » \- - 'Don't, mother; I asked you not and I meant it," sho said in a tone which at onee silenced and terrified her gnutlc mother. Turning to say something not less repollant and stcel-cold to hor mother, Kitty oaught the yearning trouble in hor gentle eyes and was moved to fold hor impulsively in her arms and . sob !— . " Dear mother t Dear, dear motlior !" And soon the poor girl was again a little obild upon her motlior's knee. Yot even then she would not lot her mother talk of that letter or its writer. " If I struck you in tho faco, mother, yon would not liko over to spool: of it, or have it spoken of. Lot' mo try to forget it ; it's the moat I oan hope for " she said, with an aching desolation in her voice whioh mado her mother press her almost passionately to hor bosom. But though poor Kitty would not allow bor mother to discuss the letter or its writer, or the motive of its writing, with an inconsistency which girls will understand, she permitted, oven Serliaps encouraged, her dearest friend, Hiss lull Herbert, to discuss the whole affair ex haustively. " It's tho aunt, of course ; and it'a Mr. Rolles ton, of course ; but nothing you uould do or she could say justifies such a latter. I should dearly like to givo liim n little lesaou with this," cwiUilnng her liding-wliip vioiously in the nir. Need 1 say that a little of this vigorous virago talk of physical vengeanco upon tho rooroant had a reactionary offeot on Kitty ? Hor love was dead— murdered as ahe thought— but oho re- vorenoed, so to say, tho body of the dead, and eould not endure its deseoration by euch.talk. As Bell bad the taot to peroeive this, she went at once upon the opposite tack of trying to Imagine an adequate provocation for suoh a lotter. She .oroas-exatninod.Kitty upon all bor flirta tious with Mr.- Rolloston without finding any thing whioh anyone could candidly- consider disloyalty to hor engagement. , " But there's no knowing what she'd think Improper,1! she wound up—" she " being Mrs. , - Lynoourt,'the captain's aunt. " Some Of these prim Englishwomen are like Ned's wooden Wldlors— so ntiff that anything whicb pushes ... Uism oat of the perpondlcular by a oair's- \- Breadth sends them aver altogether.'" Having done something by her sympathy at least, if not by her comments and her counsel, to comfort poor Kitty's harrowed heart, Boll bad to quit her to ride home, whero thero happened to b« urgent need of her presence gt lunob. Just as sho was in the not of mounting her mare unaided, and for ' this purpose had gathered up her habit with one hand, she caught sight'of the rooroant Captaiu standing starlug at hsr lis though turned lo atone. Ho hod-no sooner posted' his letter to Kitty than lio 'repented of its brutality and hurriod after it, or rather with it in thu Limited Mail to Ireland. . His intense love coming btck upon him with a rush swept everything before it, so that in this mood and for the moment ha would bolievo uothlug — not that' infernal photograph, uot his own very eyes— against Kitty's truth and modesty. Bell, though she had no idea that this was the Captain (whom she had nover seen), wan arrested by tile stiipHfaotion expressed In the faco of this man who stared at hor as at tho ghost of soma one he had rtiurdored. Presently he look out a photograph and com- lared it with her face and figure— not forgetting lor riding trousers ! " I beg your pardon," he stmmered, " but is this you V" Yes, it was Bell sure enough, wilh Kitty siting on her trousered knees. In riding sho hnd overtaken Kitty and been overtaken by a shower. Leaving her horse with hor groom, ahe acampered oeross with Kitty to the Castle for shelter, and, as there was only one sheltered seat available sbe tonk Kitty on nor knee. Kilty had occulted all her person but her trousered legs and her dose-cropped bead ! The End." 