ORIGINAL NOVEL (Ail Rights Re3ebved.) OTELEW, —on— In Bays ©one By. . BY HAEOLD BHEE8 Authorof 'COLONIAL SOCIETY' 'RU RAL NOTES,' &o.; ? CHAPTER IV. (CoNTrroED.) ' Tho next morning Slasher and I toot tho ohoop ou- ; I remained with him all day. We turned their heads homowarda, bofore tho nun was over tho yard rails, as wo in tondotl to havo an curly tea ; wo woro think ing uf tho ducks. Tho sheep wero yarded an hour beforo sundown. Jimmy had mado the duoks up tasty, with doughboys : that night wo yarned and played canto till nigh on the morning. ? I stopped thoro two weeks ; Eomotimoa I would tako tho dogs, when tho eheop seemed steadied down for tho day, and bring back a kangaroo. 1 At lust I conBidercd I should bo making tracks, I said good by to my kind old mates, and tho name night was at Johnson's nearest outetation ; thero I remained for o fows days. my old mo to was glad to hoo mo ; ho had hoard allsortaof yams about what I haddono Ho toldmoaUthonowB,liowold Scourgorcouldn't find a man to manago Duko, therefore, in tended to Bell him. Scourger had flogged several men, and throe of my oil mates had taken to tho bush, in preference to remain ing on tho run ' ? What do you say boys to a nip ? ' Warren nuked, 'and lot us turn in, it's gotting late.' DoughiBS looked at his watch, saying, it was timo right enough. Bon could continuo his story another timo. 1 Really, I am nearly anloop, ' Baacombo Biiid, but 1 11 do whatever you libo.' They arovo from tho grass, proceeding in to tho cavo. blankets w*rn txnnn t-nrcnr\ niur the stretchers, Baseombo being offered a vacant ono, and shortly all wero sleoping peacefully. With tho earliest streaks of day, Ben mado tho firo, cooking tho breakfast and busying himfclf in domestlo work ; tho others walked down to tho crook, for tho morning dip. These explorers as they might bo termed haddisoovercd this hidden lino of billabongs, which always had a supply of water, during tho driest season. They visited tho horecs, when returning iruiu uiuir uuui. j.ncso wero oviuontly making tho best ubo of their opportunity, feeding on tho rich gra^a, growing on tho flat. A tempting breakfast awaited them, Ben receiving general praiso for his cooking ability Douglasa brought papers, Warron and Ourlow wore engaged casting bullots ; tho others wero ooonpiod in various ways. Thus tho day was spent. ' Did you hear Curlow last night, talking in his Bleep P ' Warron said. ' Yes I heard Mm giving out his prayers,' Bon said. Upon my word, I beliovo ho has Bomething on his mind ; what ia it Ourlow f ' Tho man thus addressed, turned from his work saying — 1 Yes, I Iiavo bo ; .happy thoughts, not a burden to eraro ono's consoionco and disturb his ' slumber. You know all tho harm I overdid,' ' Wo know you'ro protty fly ; and an deep as some of thcao billybongs,' Ben Raid. ' Mako a olean V reaat of it to roliovo your consoionco ; thut will stop your ohanting to ghosts overy night.' 'Not now,' Curlow said. ' I may anolhor timo tell you my pedigree' Curlow had not reaidedin the district muuy months, having joined tho gang shortly af tor their appearauco on iho Melbourne roads. Novor becoming familiar exopt in au or dinary manuor, ho was a favourite. Hio behaviour was always friendly without boing intimate, eeouring . greater respect thau others in tho gang, ho was now bushranger and ohiof councillor. At' tho termination of tho fourth day, Baseombo mado known his intention to depart next morning for Melbourno, as the horse3 would bo fresh after tho epell. 11,/ thauked Douglass for tho Mnd,Qu'nnor ho had beea entertained. ^--''^ In tho ovening thov^v^o amused with Ben playing upon i-5fOUCOI.tinlij Gna tho men Biugmjj. _ A'j.'^groj. wa3 passed around with '?^pKSiSfilJJouB caro, us their limited supply was not replenished without trouble. Soverol songs wero rendered, whon Doug hies solicited Curlow to givo them ono. Placing hia pipo upon u. Beat, ho pang in a nicoly toned voice a bushranger1!) ditty entitled ' Under tho morning nun.' 'An appropriate song,' . Buccombo said, ? all eongu of tlio bush impr.rt moro pathos in a wild placo ? lito ? this than when sung within a habitation iri tho town.' Many others, of tho company tiang. and conviviality reigned during tho ovomng; when the hour denoted timo for ropofio. tho men approached tho oponing into tho cavo, to view Iho night and gain tho fresh air, previous to their retiring. Tho Btaro glistened in tho clear heaveiiK, and the moon was seen rieing above tho dark masses of \ trees, tho mountain broezo wafting a cool Njvind through the forest, and tho quiotudo ^?dy disturbod by an occasional 'possum ;*Bir its food. \- \\-t froo!l Jt ' to-night,' Douglass \ N. « A pity wo oannot always livo \ ^ra, and X might add, oultivato ? Mon nro aoldom, or novor contontod/ Bftscombo said. ' I like gazing upon tho bush by moonlight ; tho night birds giro to It a wolrdnoss delightful to mo.' '.. . -?'.'* ' I can't stand town,' Douglass enid. * Thin bush lifo with over changing scenes,' has qnito weaned mo from streets and houses.' 1 Can I dn nnvthincr for vou inMclbourno f ' Baseombo enquired, 'No thankM,' Dpuglao.'i said. 'Perhaps Oarlow may huvo a lcttor to nend, ho's a curious follow. I often think thero io eomo peculiar hintory attached to him, I constantly find him in doop thought.' Then joining tho other men, thoy walked into tho cavo and prepared thoir couuhca, soon afterwards oleoping in blissful ignorance of ell outaido. Tho night panood and softened into dawn, brightening inpercoptibly to Joy, whon tho lato sleepers awoko. After breakfast thoy proceeded to catoh thohoroea. DouglaG3 and Warren proposed to nccompany Boscombo to tho main road, and then proceed to tho Two Milo Crook, na thoy wished to hear nbont troopers movements. Tho f ull f orco of tho cavo bid tho visitor adieu, and many wishes for good luck went with him, Thono who roniaincd watched tho horsemen out of Bight in tho malleo Kcrub. Tho threo mon continued togo'lier until Basoombo turned into tho road to Melbourne At I-ivo Mile Creek all information wun given tho bushrangorn, regarding tho movo ments of tho polico ; thoy had ic was itated boon to tho hotel, seeking particulars of tho gang, and woro ' put off tho pcent.' Tho horses ridden by Douglass and Warron woro placed in tho stable und tho m;n adjourned to tho bar room to listen to Muiphy. Warren soon sauntered into tho hall, whoro ho mot Flora SInrphj . 1 Good morning Horn,' ho said, 'quito well, Thopo, though 1 need not inquiro aa you aro looking as fresh as the morn.' ' Good morning,' Mr Warren, Bho ans wered, 'ono should look well fluoh weather.' ' Yes, ho interrupted, ' you only need a crook to compono a HviDg picture of tho frod doss, whoso nanio you possess, and who30 unarms you oxcol.' Flora hurrying past was arrested by Warron plaoing his hand round her waist, but merely for an instant. Sho turned sud denly pu-hed him away and stood with hor head erect, her face flushed, and hor oyc3 uparkling. ' How daro you, sir ? ' sho said. ' Novor tako Buoh a liberty again, or I shall speak to my father.' 'But Flora,' Warren said, 'you know why 1 como hero, often at great peril, and that you aro tho magnot.' ? Now this is qnito enough, Mr. Warron,' sho said ; ' never eomo again if it's to seo mo, as I shall not bo at homo, whilo you remain in tho Iiouho ; and onco for all, I must toll you, I can novor bo in tho future moro to you than you havo known mo to bo in tho past.' ' I supposo you consider I am evorvthinnr that is bad, ju«t becaueo ? ' Warren Baid. 'Yc», Flora said,' just because ; so pray don't oxpatiato further, but ceaso speaking moro upon tho subject ; it is most distressing to mo I nasuro you.' 'But. Flora,' Warron continued, ' I wish to oxplain. Only allow mo a little timo to prove my dovotion towards yourself. I'll lead a now life, quit all my companions, and work for tho ploaau»-o of boing near you. Flora, you aro and over havo been, tho idol of my thoughts ; it was to toll vou how much I loved you that I planu.od this meoting to day.' 'It is no uso,' eho replied. 'I cannot listen ; it is wrong ; my intentions aro firm ; forgot this littlo meoting, and as you propose, scofc other associations. Your lifo now is full of ovil doingB, but I earnestly hopo that your now resolvo will bo faithfully kopt.' 3ho ruahed past Warren, who atood meditating for a few seconds. Thon fixing his cabbago tree a bit straight, for what reason ho could not then havo oxplained. ho proceeded to cut Bomo tobacco as ho strolled into tho yard, going straight to tho sliprails whero only tno lower ran rested in its placo. Ho lit his pipo and sitting upon tho rail, looked ut a weaner tied to tho bail, hollowing and foaming, trying its lovel beat to break tho green hido tether. When ho had puffed tho last whiff and knocked tho ashes out of his pipo, ho soliloquiBed : ' Well — Bho's a caso ; but I'll havo her yot. I can wait a littlo lougor. I wonder if Basoombo's tho eauBo of this behavior.' Ho walked round to tho front of the hotel, and into tho bar, whoro ho perceived cus tomers, who had entered during his absence. Thoy wero throe diggors and thoir uwags lay outi-ido on tho verandah. Warron Bat down on tho long form undor tho window, to await tho roturn of Douglass and was thus ablo to overhear thoir conversation. CHAPTER V. The Victims of Gold. ' I say, boss, what o'olook may it bo ? ' in quired ono of tho men to Murphy, who was behind tho bar. ^ ' Well, niato, its just about eloven o'olook, but I'll seo 'Murphy replied, stepping into tho back parlor. Boforp ho returned, Warren, who always carried a watch, told tho mnn tho correot timo. ' Thank you, mate,' ho Baid. 'AVo havo como a tidj stago ; and them swugs ain't any too light.' ' I wanted yor to go in tho coach, Bob, and bo did Jaok,' anothor man said. ?I know that,' was tho reply, 'but I thought wo might as well savo our monoy ; besides tho mail is always being ntuek up.' 'Come on, wo'llbavo anothor drink,' Bob .eaid, nnd addressing Warron, 'you won't miud joining us. ' Not at all,1 Warren eaid. Tho latter entered into conversation. Tho talk led onto tho diggings, tho mon Bay ing thoy eamo from tho now rush on tho Lodden River, whero thoy had boon vory lucky. Tho fiimplioity exhibited by Warron i-n- cour.gcd tho men to show hin- several chamois bags, filled with gold. Tho sight excited tho bushranger's professional buoineira .cieus anu no pui nis wit to worn to outam tno ^old. Ho soon conceived a plan, nnd profacod it, by shouting drinks, which induced tho thera to respond. Thus, tho diggers bocanio forgetful of thoir precautions againt bush 'whackers.' 'Now then matos/rond of them said, ' lot us boon the.r^ad, nnd givo mo a hand with my Bw.ag.' ''TlioWankoto wero fixed on thoir shoulders, tho men standing under tho verandah, when ono of thorn said thoy would havo another drink; returning into tho bar, Bob looked round : 'Whoro's that C070 who was hero a whilo ago P ho must havo u drink with u«.' Fato, tho mysterious, arranges hor plans so completo and ounning, that tho unwary, seldom nntioipato tho sequel. Warren hud gono in search of Douglass. Tho latter received a full roport, and also an outline of future aotion. Thinking over tho idea, ho Baid : — : . ' Yes Tom, it'o good enough ; I caw tho mon, but T don tliko small game' 'I don't call it small,' Wnrron roplicd. ' I'll bot thoy havo two or thrco thousand pounds betweon them ; you'ro not frightoned of thorn,— oh 1 BiUP ' Not a bit of it, Tom,' Douglosa oaid. ' You know I never Btop men liUo that.' ' Well, Bill, will you join in or not f Wnrron eaid, ' I am going to havo tho gold ut any rislr, for I am a different man now.'^ 'What do yon meanr' Douglana paid. ' Wo'll traok them ou our horeoa, I daro cay thoy ea'ry bull dogs, -'s wel1 aa gold. Wo must be cool and avoid firing, if possible. I fool a presentiment that all will not go woll to- day ; a crooning dread possesses mo ; not fear, Tom. I'D. uo spokesman; and trust to our usual good luok.' EntoriEtj tho stable, thoy perodved tba horeea had finished thoir food. Leading them into tho yard, thoy hitohod tho bridles on to npost, bobind a -oloso 'railed fonco, partly hidden by tho [main building, and in olofo proximity to tho open ? Blip rail, ready for any omcrgenoy. Tho bushrangers entered tho bar and woro informed that dinner was ready, if thoy dosircd any. 1 Rcadv for tucker 1' said Douprlaso. ' I should rather say no ; I am just fit to demolish a whole Birloin ; besides plenty of duff, as wo had breakfast about fivo o'olook this morning.' ' Ha, ha, ha ! You won't got sirloin hero often,' Jim said, who had como out to oeo his old pals. ' llutton and Boft tack, with pumpkin Bquash, is our bill of faro to-day.' During tho meal, conversation turned, as is generally tho caiio' in mining diotriots, on tho roofs ; tho amount of gold tho threo mon carried was being roterrcd to wnon moiana lord and Mta lluryby entered tho room. Tho latter appeared rcaorved, Warren ro marldng to himuolf how unusually Bilont eho appeared. Tho two bushrangera after a'whilo^Btrollnd on to tho verandah, remaining thoro only a nhorttimo, when tho horses wero mounted, Thoy followed tho traoks of tho diggers, without nayiug to Murphy the purport of thoir tmdden departure. * t n,i«nnco wn pimll null them un about tho bluzed tree,' Warren said. 'Or may bo, tho grog has mado them tako a dozo uudor tho bushes.' ' Now, if you tako my tip,' Douglass said, 'wo will not pitch on them, until just beforo dark ; then, I'll taoklo them alono, as they noversawmo.' 'Very well,' Warren replied. 'And I will bo hid, but ready to assist, should thoy play rough.' Such was tho conclusion of tho'dobato. Tho horees rambled along1, up ana aowa tno gullies of tho main tlelbourno road, whioh was at this period only a dray traok. Whon tho road had been followed a few miles, tho bushrangers deemed it necessary to bo cautious, so as to prevent tho diggers from Boeinir thorn. Douglass proceeded alono, about half a milo in udvanco of his companion. No glimpso was yot had of tho diggers j but thoir traoks were becoming moro visiblo in places on tho road Douglass hurried tho horse into a quicker paco, as tho sun was sinking behind tho treo tops, and ho wished to havo Bufficioat timo to do his work beforo it was quito dark. :? ? . ? In another milo, tho diggers wero disoorned boforo thoy woro awaro of his approach; thon, riding quickly, no was within a fow yards of them, boforo they turned to move asido. At that moment Douglass called out, — 1 Bail up !' pointing a Colt's rovolvor full at them. For a moment tho men looked round in amazement; boing off thoir g-'ard, ono dropped -'1b walking stiok whilo putting his hand to his bolt. ' Handi down, or I'll firo !' Douglass shouted. ' But I Bay, mate,' answered, tho man, 1 we haven't anything.' ' You ro mistaken ; wo aro poor mon, and havo only a fow shillings' another man said. (to de contotoedO 