Av Australian Character Sketch. TlIR MaN OF THE MOMENT. Tho subject of tho Australian character sketch in the Review of Reviews for March is that reninrkablo man, Sir Georgo Dibba, Proraior of New South Wales, amateur blacksmith, carpenter, turner, boatbuildor. and mason. Tho author. Mr. J. Tighe Ryan, concludes his readable sketch as follows : — Eaiily Training and Adventures. Sir Georgo was boru on Flagstaff Hill, opposito tho Sydney Observatory, sixty years ago, the son of Captain John Dibbe, a Scotch seaman and Presbyterian, and hia wife an English woman, and an adhorcnt of tho Established Church. Both his parents had seen the world and had had many adventures, including an attack by pirates on a lonely son. For four years George attended tho Australian College, founded by Dr. Lang. At fourteen he left school, to occupy a stool in a merchant's office. There he received a good com mercial training ; but growing restless, at ? nineteen ho struck out for himself in com-' pany with his brother, secured veasols, and traded between Newcastle, Sydney, and Molbourno. About 1864, when the cropB failed all over Australia, tho Dibbs conceived the idea of extending their operations to South America, and Georgo undertook to manage tho interests of the firm at Valparaiso and San Francisco. He left Sydney with his wife and family, to find when he arrived at Conception that . tho colonies had rebelled against Spain. Conception was being bombarded, and when Dibbs' vessel was sighted, a blank shot was fi.ed, the usual signal to heave to. Dibbs took no notice, but proceeded in through the shot and shell, which tlio frigate sent flying over his decks. When he dropped his anchor, a boat with a brass gun was put off from the warship, and an officer boarded the vessel. When asked why he had not obeyed the signal, Sir George Bays lie 'replied in tho language of Queen Caroline, ' I don't know what you mean.' ' Ho was ordurud to clear out, but by nppea'ing to the British Consul his case -vas refoired to the Admiral. This caused a delay of fourteen days, and in the meantime Dibbs was transacting his business, so that when the Admiral gave the 'decision against him he whs prepared to leave Conci'iitioti. Ac Valparaiso lie ran the blockade in a littlo bo.it wiih his wife and family on board, and a storm on his heels ; at the duad hour of the night stealing through the war vessels, who had strict orders 10 sink all intruders. His business transacted here succeeded famously. Iheae were stirring times. Every hour brought a fresh adventure — ' which surpasses anything in dime novels,' he says. In Gaol. It wi s toon after this that he got into trouble over a libol action, and upon de clining to pay tho costs, which he con sidered unfair, was removed to the debtor's dopartmeut in Darlinghurst Gaol. For twelve months he remained there, and he now declares that he never spent a more enjoyable time in all his life. Sir Henry I'arkeB, who was then Colonial-Secretary, granted him a bathe, and as a token of gratitude he turned a cup, which he pre sented to Sir Honry. Three thousand five hundred people visited him, and ladies decorated his coll regularly with flowers. Ho had a sittingroom, a bedroom, and a Borvant to writ upon him, and he amused himself by making boals and ornaments, reading, and assisting to conduct a news paper. But at the end of the twelve months he found that his liability, instead of having vanished, was as fresh as ever, bo he paid tho costs and was sot at liberty. When iiiviled a day or two after to Gov ernment House, he said to Lady Loftus, 'You should be careful of what you are doing. You hive asked a man who has juBt left gaol.' 'If I had been in jour place,' Bhe said, 'I would havo gono to gaol myself.' Sik GKonoE Dibbs and the Queen. But if Sir Georgo Dibbs could be only persuaded to write his confessions, , the most picturesquo chapter in an exciting book would be — ' How I became the Lion of London.' I can only give a weak description of his interviews with the Queen. Lord Knu'aford presented him to Her Majesty at Buckingham Palace, whore he had the honor of answorhig her many inquiries about tho peoplo of Australia. She introduced him to one of bur daughters. Tho Queen, boing in mourning, ?wore a plain black dress. Sir Georgo was charmed with her simplo manners. 'I afterwards went to tho I»lo of Wight,' ho said, 'and drove with Lord Knutsford to the palace in the royal carriage. Lord Knutsford announced me to Hor Majesty. I went down on one kneo, and she naked General Byng for hia sword. He offered hor tho uniform dress sword, but she ro quested him to present his own sword instead. She then took tho sword, and, touching my hoad and shouldor, said, ? In the name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, aiiso Sir Georgo Dibbs.' She thon invested me with tho gold collar, and handed nio tho star. Tho coremony over, I had another conversation with Hor Majesty. Finally, I kissed her hand and bowed out of tha room.' He, of course, associated with nil the princos, sociifl qupons, and the leading stateBtnon and financial sovereigns of Europe. Baron Rothschild said, 'You in tho colonies are always roady to borrow money, but you are making no provision to_ pay it baak.' He thon made up his. mind to establish a sinking fund in New South Wales, ^yhat struck him most about English socioty was the total absence of'sido.' ?? Tho higher you ascond,' ho said, 'the simpler and more charming the people become.' Siu Geouoe as a Pkemieu. The political life of Sir George Dibba is a matter of history. ' 1 have always boon fighting,' ho said, 'and since I took office I havo had to stand at my post, sword in hand.' 'Payment of members,' he told me on another occasion, ' is as bad as the Irish pot.to rot.' To that he attributes tho low standard of Parliamentary life in New South Wales. In the Cabinet, I havo heard his Ministers say, ho proves himself an ideal chief.- Ho does not, perhaps, 'soe things steadily and see them whole,' but he is always ready to listen to even the humblest of his members, and is always amenable to reason. He decides promptly, and carries his resolutions into effect with tho ?norgy and determination of his charactor. He must faco .the music of a general election in June. ' Federation is the only thing worth fighting for in our politics,' says Mr. Barton ; but Sir Georgo Dibbs is opposed to Federation. Ho would advocate unification, placing all the colonies under one central Government and one Governor. Whether tho electors return Sir George Dibbs to power or reject him, ho is likely to be for eomo years a great force in the political life of Australia. 