Miscellaneous. It is a matter of common observation that, putting aside examples of extraordinary and abnormal felicity or infelicity, happiness and unhappiness seem to be pretty equally distributed among all sorts and conditions of men. We have yet to learn what Adam thought of Eve. She ruined him, it must be remem- bered, in less than twenty four hours, which was a very remarkable performance, con- sidering that Eve was only the first woman. ' No man can serve two masters ;' the stronger the attachment of some of the most learned critics to those whom perhaps they have been taught to revere from childhood, the harder it is for them to understand any new comer ; for them the matured genius of the old masters shines with greater splendor than that of the undeveloped, or only partially developed, master. In his new novel ' The Last Tenant,' Mr. B. L. Farjeon introduces a new detective agency in the shape of the ghost of a domes- tic cat, he actually makes the feline spook blood-curdling rather than ludicrous. Publishers have their little theories, their little superstitions, and their blind faith in the great god Chance, which we all worship. These things lead them into temptation and adversity, but they seem to do fairly well as business men, even in their own behalf. They do not make above the usual 25 per cent. of failures, and more publishers than au- thors get rich. Much may be done to make themselves miserable by those whose bodily rather than spiritual condition is the principal object of their solicitude. The perusal of a few medi- cal works, with the aid of a lively fancy, will almost certainly suffice to convince anybody that he or she is suffering at any rate from the premonitory symptoms of some direful or incurable disease. As a source of perpetual anxiety this will be found exceedingly efficacious, and it is quite compatible, if not with peace of mind, at least with robustness of constitution. Cervantes is indeed the purest of all humorists ; so gentle and genial, so full, yet so ethereal in his humor, and in such ac- cordance with itself and his whole noble nature. Nowhere has the novel so strong a hold as it has upon the methodical, monotonous, half-employed bourgeois household. They do not read many novels in courts or camps, the way-side pedlar reads them not, nor have the yellow-backs a strong hold upon the green-room. There one peruses living docu- ments. Emerson strenuously maintained that ' each man has an aptitude born with him to do easily some feat impossible to any other.' It is an attractive theory, one that many people have wished they could believe while finding themselves unable to do. From the mass of men the native aptitudes, if they exist, are deeply, hidden ! There have been in all ages poetic souls whom neither themselves nor the world have called great, but who have been dear to the Muses, and loved and mourned by the im- mortal masters of song. Of course, the great annihilator of time and space is the electric wire. Undoubtedly it is a luxury, very often a pemium on lazi- ness ; but, actually, does it benefit mankind go much as we assume ? It gives us instan- taneous information from all parts of the world, we are told. Certainly it does, but is not the instantaneous information we receive one day as often as not contradicted by the next ? Does the publication of false infor- mation day by day do us so much good ? Every fairly well-informed Englishman knows who was the 'Citizen King,' who perpetrated the coup d'etat, and who was the German organiser of victory ; but compara- tively few could tell who won the battle of Plattsburg, what United States President attacked the National Bank, whether Van Buren was a Whig or a Democrat, or what these names meant on the other side of the Atlantic. To happiness, to virtue, to wealth, to learning, to the mastery of an art, nay to bare proficiency is a handicraft and the mere rudiments of a science, there is no such thing as a short cut. The way to them all lies through travail and patience, through much taking thought through unfaltering resolution and unfailing courage, through the cultiva- tion of an equal temper which refuses to be cast down by adversity and to be enervated by success. There can be no isolation much more com- plete than that which Alexander III. of Russia has created for himself. He has chosen his Ministry after exactly the same fashion which would commend itself to a dull but honest man. Blamelessness in private life is the one standard by which he measures their political sagacity or trustworthiness— even in this he has not been always uniformly successful, and the roll of mediocrities who have composed successive Ministries has num- bered more than one of a very doubtful sin- cerity. In all ages has mankind attempted to evade the condition of labour, which in life, as Virgil, who lived before school boards, was firmly of opinion, was attached to the attainment of all mortal ends. In every age the human traveller has hankered here and there after the royal road, and lent an ear now and again to those who pointed out to him the seductions of the short cut. The most ominous symptom of the present era, however, is to be found in the immensely wide diffusion and dominance of this human instinct, in the enormously increased number of the persons who not only listen to, but act upon, the advice of those who preach to them or the ' smooth and easy way.' The apostles of modern beauty have two enemies to fight against—nay, three ; for there is not merely the amorphous and taste- less negation of art, and the stiff, traditional bad art, to be contended with, but also that eclecticism which is so great a danger to our revival of the beautiful. From ' lack of a traditional style' who is to deliver us ? In all the arts, in literature as much as in archi- tecture, it is now our most insidious enemy. The literary man has certainly no complaint to make of the newspaper man, generally speaking. I have often thought with amazement of their kindness to our whole un- worthy craft, and of the help so lavishly and freely given to rising and even risen authors. To put it coarsely, brutally, I do not suppose that any other business receives so much gratuitious advertising, except the theatre. It is enormous, the space given in the news- papers to literary notes, literary announce- ments, reviews, interviews, paragraphs, bio- graphies, and all the rest. To happiness, to virtue to wealth to learn- ing, to the mastery of an art, nay to bare proficiency in a handicraft and the mere rudiments of a science there is no such thing as a short cut. The way to them all lies through travail and patience, through much taking thought, through unfaltering resolu- tion and unfailing courage, through the cultivation of an equal temper which refuses to be cast down by adversity and to be ener- vated by success. During the past three years the wealth of the world has been growing. Few new securities have been created, savings have accumulated, and the rates of interest and discount have fallen very much. Investors everywhere are beginning to take courage, and there are signs that by and by investment buying will become large. It is to be hoped that the public have taken warning by recent experience, and that they will not allow themselves, as so often in the past, to be tempted into risky enterprises. They should remember that judgment is as much required in the purchase of stocks as in the purchase of land or houses. I doubt, indeed, whether the earnings of literary men are absolutely as great as they were earlier in the century, in any of the English speaking countries ; relatively they are nothing like as great. Scott had forty thousand dollars for ' Woodstock,' which was not a very large novel, and was by no means one of his best and forty thousand dollars then had at least the purchasing powers of sixty thousand now. Moore had three thou- sand guineas for ' Lalla Rookh,' but what publisher would be rash enough to pay twenty five thousand dollars for the master piece of a minor poet ? We are constantly hearing of new ways of telling people's characters. There are the marks and lines on the hands. There are the bumps on the skull. There is the coun- tenance itself—by far the best, and indeed, in most respects the only way. But if you cannot obtain or make an opportunity of seeing the hand, head, or face of the ' patient' you may, perhaps, judge by his writing. It cannot be a certain, an infallible criterion, still it is quite possible to form a very fair judgment, if not actually of his mental and moral character, at any rate of his nerves, his taste, and the state of his health. The letters of artists are very tell-tale. You see plainly in one that the writer can never at- tain greatness in his profession, or that he will never learn to draw or compose correctly but you cannot tell whether he has an eye for color. In another hand you see clearly reflected the feeble character of a man who is unlikely to get on in life. It was George Eliot's peculiar glory that, accepting the fact, so terrible at first to the idealist's mind, that the heart-thought of the universe is war, she was not driven thereby to noisy revolt against those sanctities of the soul which are truer than all science ; she de- voted herself to that ' relief of man's estate' which, according to Bacon, is the goal of all man's best endeavor, she simply felt impelled to illuminate the teaching of science by the halo of that great religion of benevolence upon which if based all which is of worth in all the creeds. She felt and she taught that, even if Nature is indeed as immoral and piti- less as she seems our one defence against that wickedness is to band together against the common enemy, and that, in order to band together, we must be good. 