"SAID THE BARBER!"" I DO not suppose that the Barber, whom I honor with my patronage, is much more addicted to loquacity than the ordinary run of Razorbacks who lather for lucre, and lie for the amusement of their patrons. As a tradesman, he is an execrable hand at crop ping a poll or rasping a chin, and I am in clined to believe the report that he learnt his trade in gaol, practising on condemned criminals and uncomplaining convicts. I patronise him simply and solely because, from out of the depths of his loquacity, bubbles many a spray of philosophy such as can only be begotten by a man whose early education was evidently not neglected, whose life's experiences have been most uncommon, an whose reflections are out of the general routine of tradesmen's meditations. His odd opinions condone his inefficient workman- ship, and he has a better grasp of his subjects than of his scissors. On Wednesday last, he had hardly com- menced to dab me with his lather-brush before he opened fire on what apparently was uppermost in his mind. "Heard about Commissioner Eddy, I suppose ? His horses stuck him up at Sir Alfred's funeral and refused to budge an inch ; so that Eddy had at last to surrender them to his hired man, and follow the pro- cession in a cab." Intent on hnmoring himt I signified that I had heard of the occurrence. "Ah," he added, "isn't that Eddy all over?He can't drive engines, not even those of the Baldwin breed. He can't drive horses. All he's fit to drive is — men, and don't he drive them either ?" Then, after a pause, " Better men, often, than himself, I'll lay a wager," said the Barber. "Do you believe in Spooks?' I enquired, with a desire to change the subject. "Not I," he replied, 'but my assistant knows a young man, who is courting a Ghost after the ordinary flesh-and-blood formula of courtship." "How on earth do you make that out ?" I enquired. "Well, you see, he knows the young fellow who is keeping company with Doctor Spookendyke's servant-girl, and I guess she's as much Ghost as the Doctor's guests ever twig in the celebrated manifestations, about which we hear so much,' said the Barber. By this time the Barber had finished his lathering, over which (as is his wont) he took an unconscionably long time, rubbing it into my chin with varying vehemence, according to the several necessities for emphasizing his narrative. Just as he began to strop tbe razor (which, in &y; experience, never seems any the better for all his ceremonious stropping) he turned savagely on me, and enquired, ' Do yoa thick Alfred Bennett will be had up before the Bar of the House ?' ' ' W hat for 2 ' I queried. ' For that lying report in the 'Evening' News!' about member Willard's seat. By ^ SdS8or*84^didn't old Dibbs wipe off a lot of old-scores between him and the paper, when -he suggested tbat the proprietors should be flogged through the streets at the cart tail.' ' 'Well, thev eirried and ieered at Sir George so unscrupulously that one can forgive his savage references ; but all the same, what can Parliament have the paper up for ?' 'Why, lor commenting on proceedings before a political tribunal and still Jtidice.'* No, my man, Parliament can't interfere. The JJvening Xi-us did not coui/u'nt on the case at all. It simply about it, aud as that is neither indictable vor vhhmqI, Parliament can do nothing.' 'A lucky job for the Evening J.yre f 1 reckon,' said the Barber. t( Talking about the _Y-ruw,M5aid I, 11 what do yon think of Henniker He&ton;, the zuez&ber; for Australia?' 'What do I think ot thatl' was his savage rejoinder, pointing to his advertising dummy— a wooden red-lipped nigger that eat in the doorway ; ' put Bond-street apparel on that image, and you hava the intellectual equal of Henniker Heaton.' 44 1 don't agree with yon,' said I, 'Hr. Heaton is a Ban who deserves credit for his petsistent efforts to get on in the world, and for the ficccese which has attended his efforts.' ' And to what does he owe his elevation ?' he asked, with rising scorn. '* To his personal industry and his restless energy,' I replied. 'I'm glad yon think eo,' said he; '1 notice, though, that he is not to be the sub ject of a banquet this trip. Last time some of the leading Irishmen in the city fell down suid worshipped him, 1 presume, because he opposed Home Bnle for Ireland. Either tfeiat, or else some Australian Irishmen are yery weak- kneed about the wrongs of Ire land/' 14 Leave old-world controversies to those whom they affect, and don't introduce them in. Australia, ?' 1 suggested/1 'Aye, aye,' said the Barber. By this time the Barber's razor bad com pleted its circuit, and 1 rose to go. ' Before I leave/' said I, ' I have just time enough,, to repay your gossip by telling you tbe very latest literary lie.' ** Oat with it,' said he, both ears evidently ready to store tbe facts up for retail dis bawement to later visitors.' 41 Well,' I proceeded, 'this yarn is about tbe manager of a certain semi-religious paper. 1 dare say you read tbe other day about the Melbourne Bench discharging an habitual drunkard, without punishment, on condition that tbe accused, made tracks at ob ob for Sydney.*1 44 Ycb, i do remember; and the .man's name was—' 'Never mind his name. It appears he arrived in Sydney la6t week, aud waited on. the manager of a moruiug paper, asking for alms.' "Sir !" said the exasperated manager, '"we read the , Melbourne papers, and by them I perceive that you are (getting angrier) a liar, (still angrier) a drunkard, and (anger in the superlative degree) a thief! So be gone, sir!" "No, sir," said the unabashed vagabond, "I will not begone. You have summed me up so accurately that I shall take a seat, feeling myself (from your description of me) quite at home in the office of the _______." 'Very good, indeed, sir ; that was one to the vagabond," was the ambiguous judgement of our barber, as I clutched my hat and he his well-earned threepence. "Good day," said I "Au revoir," said the Barber. 