. ' CORRESPONDENCE. THINGS IN GENERAL. (To the Editor of The Gippsland Mercury.) SIB,—" The firstcondition for the restoration of a healthy state of public affairs in the' political arena is the restoration of something we seem to have almost entirely lost—the right of public discussion freely and fully of public affairs," said Mr A. Deakin at Ascot Yale. When a man of Mr Deakin's position makes Bucb an adiniBsion it is tifne.to wake up». • YeB, and realiee the fact that our liberties, and consequently our national prosperity, are at stake, and a conspiracy is at foot to gag the press—by restrictions first, by. costly and ruinous trials next; that cliques may plunder and grow rich at the expense of tbe masses. 'Even some members of Parliament, it appears, question tbe right of the people to discuss its own affairs—those to be' discussed in. Parliament only. Allow -me to telf .themthey .are mistaken. The right, or rather the duty,.to discuss those questions belong to the people whose decisions, arrived at'at public meetings, are conveyed to their legitimate political : agent, the member of Parliament for the district, whose duty is merely, to place faithfully the views of his constituents before the Assembly. His right/to have a political opinion of his own is merely that held by every citizen and no -more. "Until this is" realised, and the cliques entrusted to think fox the people, are reduced to their proper funbtionB the nation must make up itB mind to bB betrayed,; misled, cheated, and plundered. -People frho want to ba free, autonomous, and self-governed, must work their own ealvation, do their own thinking, -and look after their ow>n affairs themselves; Public opinion . is asleep, snoring, as if under the in. flueuce "of-.some eubtfe narcotic ;'the; people suffer as in a nightmare, out of which we seem incapable to extricate ourselves. Uur voices cannot be heard because the referendum was never provided, and the people are apparently giving up tbe ghost in despair. But tbe crisis must bB approaching,. Just an effort and the nigbtmare will vanish. Let the popular lion roar, and more attention will soon be paid to our warits'and our rights, and thbse politiciains •who sell our inheritance for a diBh of pea wrap will sonu be found out. Taxation has -been heaped upon the shoulders of the numerous prior thai the rich niav grow richer, accumulate more, and the poor grow poorer for want of means to buy. and Bell produce for wane of a demand- are drifting to inevitable rum as accumulations grow on. depriving the maBses of the means to purchase untd—apparently—the Vnnes of the social bive will alone survive and wn everything. The number of parasites (unproductive classes) who. live an toilers by sham or fictitious services. is something appalling- especially if we add the coot of needless permanent armies. They return no equivalent ee vices and th ef e the t le s a e the '"Bares. -Like Gnlliver among tbeLiIliputs the iler ie iiedjdpwn bv-thoueand little ues; made prejudices and ignorance only free discussion Will dispel." InBtead of -a delusive system-of indirect taxes that, plunder: the poor, and lii-onsea that cripple trade and industry, we must have honest, direct taxation, proportional tjr progressive in wealth, laud, and incomes. IoBtsad of borrowing currency from abroad, must make that tool of exchange ourselves—" '0 a State Bank'of Issue, and as Boon .as possible an internal instead of a foreign debt. All the schemes-advanced bythe Age as finance reforms should be carefully. investigated and considered- A petition IB being, signed asking the Government no appoint a commission to investigate the various schemes .proposed. carefully weigh their merits and defectB. Such m- conBisfcbnt trade and industry crippling enactment- as our Victorian Tobacco Act.-ehould be' renealed- and the . importations of things we can produce ourselves in abundance, euob as coal, be'denounced'as high treason, while sens of thousands of our people look round in vain for remunerative employment. People should protest. ailso againet'tbeiUBolent^ravings of the- Presbyterian Assemblv. and give alliamishmg wolves to understand that if their music is ChriBtianity no earthly good can come from it, and the beet we can do is to pin our faith to a new creed we may call the Civic Church -frith mankind- progressive happiness fqr worship and Sunday employment in investigation and social intercourse.—Yonrs, etu., Briagolong. May 1. 1894. • • • L. WUILLEMIN. : 