FIASELI&HTS.; [Focus'EJr.J The Sour Orange Leader is good. A Swiss roll.— Tho roll of tho drum. Every aspirant wants to represent snnny corner. The mantle of greatness in Austrnliu, is too often , a cloke. France's gnaw will be when she gots her teath on the ear of Germany. ' Yon flatter me madam. ' 1 1 do not. You cannot be flatter than you arc. ' To prevents newspaper being sensa tional cause the world to cease to be. The alley that appears as likely to fire the first gun of tho triple alliance :s It-aly. ; The single-tax. Tho new single seat. It will tax the energies of most to .fall into it. , Two to one on Smith when opposed to Paul, is about two to one against when opposed to Suttor. The Melbourne papers show Francos . Knorr with a nose that turns down, the Bulletin with onq that tilts heaven wards. The reported massacre of 15 members oE the Bechuanaland . Border police be- . yond Inyati, north-east of Buluwayo, has been confirmed. The N.S.W. Freetraders used to claim A. G. Taylor as one of their own party. He seems to be a strong Protectionist now, though. — Bulletin. Mr. George Wickham, clerk of petty sessions at Parramatta, and one of the oldest clerks of. petty sessions in the colony, is reported to bo in a dying con dition. Freetrade always reminds me of a locked up ghost chamber. The door ox cites curiosity; when the room is explored by daylight, it is found to have nothing in it. At a conference of unionists connected with the building trades, held in Sydney, Wednesday night, it was stated that 65 per cent, of the men who were dependent upou those trades for theii livelihood were out of employment. . Detective Keatinge is in possession of ; information which he hopes will enable: ' him to find the perSon or persons who caused the poisoning of James William Unwin, who died at the Glebe, Sydney, on the 30th December last. Bishop Webber, of Queensland, in a speech at the Colonial Institute, said that population was the greatest need of the times in the colonics, and that Australia was a land of promise crying loudly for men and women. The freetraders of Bathurst have grasped the shadow for the substance, pall for Paul. Tho least thing that protectionists do is to stick to men who stick to them. As William of Avon has it : — Words are easy like, tho wind. Faithful friends are hard to find. A sensational incident occurred at Christchurch, Now Zealand, Wednes day. While putting the Bengal tiger through a performance, Cox, the trainer, put his head in the animal's mouth, when it closed its jaws, inflicting a painful wound on tho trainer's face.- Ho released himself without further injury. The occurence caused great excitement among the audience. Our Jones has just dopartod from a weary world of woo ; He will jerk the fatal lever nevermore; Though ho did a lot of damage to his brothers hero bolow He drew the line at killing Mrs. Knorr. A dozen trousered Deemings he could drop without a sob, And see their bodies laid in prison lime ; ' O, to make a common hangman get disgusted with his job — It takes a girl to do it overy time. Bulletin. Wo most heartily recommend Wolfe's Schnapps as a pure invigorant. good alilco to men, women, and even infants. It tones and braces up tho system and aids digestion. One pound orders aro placed under the labels of many of the large bottles. To secure the genuine article buy a whole bottle, and don't be imposed on by imitations. Wolfe's Schnapps is a well known and well tried stimulant, and was sold fiftv yeark agi by chemists as o tonic.* 