FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. Messrs. Charles Lyons, W. Herbert Jones, and John Morley, and the other gentlemen concerned in the business arrangements, are to be congratu lated on the success, that attended the benefit performance to Mr. Walter Bentley at the Bijou Theatre on Friday evening. People who arrived at the hall at a quarter to eight o'clock could not be accommodated witlj seats, and money was actually refused at the; ticket office. On Saturday night there was another bumper house, and the takings for the two performances could not have been far short of ;£i4o. " The Silence of Dean Maitland " is unquestionably a powerful play, though it is essentially a one-character piece. The incidents are good, and the situa tions are telling, but the dialogue in places is weak, and requires a good deal of touching up. Mr. Bentley's acting left nothing to be desired. He fully gripped the possibilities of each scene, and was earnest and natural throughout. There were opportunities for ranting, but they were all skilfully avoided. If Quiz were asked to select the amateur who gave the best support to the star he would unhesitatingly award the palm to Miss Mary Bancroft, who, though only having a small part, acted in a manner which could have been excelled by few professionals. Miss Bancroft has given us so many con vincing proofs of her cleverness and versatility that it is a pity she does not adopt the stage as a profession. There is a good opening in Australia for a soubrette. Miss Beatrice Moffatt was over weighted by her voice, but she played intelligently and consistently. Miss Marion Daniels once more evinced her aptitude for stage work, and Miss R. H. Herring was seen to advantage in a character in which she was hardly able to excite much sympathy. The gentlemen for the most part did well, but they had to take second place to the ladies in every instance, though Master Claud Hele is deserving of very warm praise for his capital presentment of the Dean's blind son. Mr. R. Herbert was not altogether happy, but *he was very painstaking and managed to score. Mr. C. G. Paltridge, whose forte is unquestionably low comedy, gave an excellent sketch of an ancient village gossip, and was seen for too short a period. Mr. B. H. Giliman did what was necessary in a manner born of experience, and Messrs. R. H. Allen, J. Morley, A. White, and G. F. Beeton contributed their quota to the success of the piece. Altogether this may be pronounced one of the best amateur productions seen in Adelaide, and had it not been impossible for the ladies and gentlemen to devote the time to that object, "The Silence of Dean Maitland" would have run for a week. * * * There was an innovation atz* The Continentals" on Saturday evening, and it is questionable whether it is likely to be of service to Mr. Basse. This was the engagement of Mr. W. B. Warner, a very clever comedian, who has made himself popular in Adelaide in connection with numerous variety entertainments. The point is whether it is wise to introduce the * music hall element into "The Continentals," and Quiz is assured that it is not. Mr. Basse does not want to attract the bell-bottomed gentry to the Exhibition Grounds at the expense of losing other of his patrons, and though Mr. Warner's recitations and coster songs are as well given as* it is possible for them to be, they are out of harmony with the general tone of the entertainments. Novelty is desirable, but a line should be drawn at coster ditties. It is only fair to say that Mr. Warner met witjpi a tremendous reception and that his efforts were doubly encored. Perhaps Quiz has incorrectly gauged the taste of the Adelaide public. Miss Alice King made her second and last appearance, and the favorable impression she created on Wednesday week was enhanced. Miss King will receive a hearty welcome whenever she returns to Adelaide. Mr. T. C. Paltridge; whose fine baritone voice has been often listened to with pleasure, contributed two songs and was encored each time. His rendering of " Simon the Cellarer" was excellent. The Eastern Suburban Band played a number of selections in a manner that reflected the greatest credit on themselves and on Bandmaster Heath. On Wednesday evening Miss Emilou Anson, who comes from Port Ade laide, made her first appearance. Miss Anson would be heard to much better advantage in a parlor than in the open air. Mr. A. Duncan, whose voice has remarkably improved during the last six months, was hardly judicious in his selection of u The Scout" as his open ing number. " Nevermore," which he gave as an encore, served much better the put pose of showing off his pretty tenor voice. " Let me like a soldier fall " was also a mistake. Mr. Duncan is not a robust tenor, ond there are many songs which would suit his style far better. Mr. Warner was again the recipient of double encores, and while admitting the cleverness of his coster impersona tions, Quiz can only regret that his talent is so misapplied. The Military Band in a large measure redeemed themselves, and their selec tions were for the most part listened to with pleasure, though a little restraint in .the forte passages is still desirable. Some military exercises were on the programme, and seemed to find favor with a section of the crowd, though to the majority they were rather un interesting. Miss Maud Reid, Miss Florence Fowler, and the Eastern Suburban Band will minister to the pleasure of those who ace present at the Exhibition Grounds to-morrow night. ♦ The members of the Adelaide Operatic Society are contemplating a reproduction of the Australian opera " Immomeena." Should everything be satisfactorily arranged the perfor mance or performances will be given sometime next month. * * * An event of much interest in the local dramatic world is announced. This is the forthcoming production of a three act Australian comedy ndrama, " The Squatter's Pardon," written by Mr. J. H. Lyons. Mr. Lyons has for the last 20 years been one of the most prominent amateur actors in Adelaide, and he deserves well of the public, be cause there is scarcely one charitable institution in the city or suburbs which has not, at one time or another, had the benefit of his services. Of late years he has been the moving spirit of the Garrick Dramatic Club, and this or ganisation under his direction has attained to a popularity which could only result from the fostering care and thorough acquaintance with stage craft of the person in command. From performer to playwright is a long flight, but there is not the least i reason in the world why the change should be beset with innumerable' difficulties. In "The Squatter's Par don" Mr. Lyons has endeavored to produce faithful pictures of Australian ] country life, introducing startling in cidents and situations which were by no means uncommon in the early days, and his attempt to present a national drama should not be allowed to pass without due recognition on the part of those whose hearts beat high with patriotic feelings. Local prejudices will have to be overcome, but Quiz has sufficient faith in South Australians to believe that they will rally up to the support of a purely local author. " The Squatter's Pardon" will be produced at the Bijou Theatre for a week, the opening performance being given on Monday, February 19. Mr. Walter Bentley has consented to appear in the title role, and among the other ladies and gentlemen engaged are Misses Moffat, Mary Bancroft, Aileen Bancroft, Woodcock, and Gwen. Ban croft, Messrs. J. H. Lyons, C. Morgan, Furlonge, and Sparrow. Every effort will be made to present the play as perfectly as possible, and Quiz wishes Mr. Lyons all success in his venture. * * The Cyclorama of Waterloo is drawing as assiduously as an amateur artist, and with the additional attrac tions of Manager Lockley's lecture, the magic fountain, and Napoleon's ghost, it should continue to attract large attendances. During the week the Cyclorama has been practically the only place of amusement open in the city. The only competitor has been " The Continentals." * ifc * T. V. Twinning, who is now the lessee of the Calcutta Theatre^ has been telling a reporter the following story concerning Madame Olga Duboin, the Russian pianist:—"When I was 'running' her in New Zealand/ she dressed for her recitals in a mag nificent Russian court costume, and she invariably wore the small crown that accompanied it. One night, just as it was time for her to play her first number, she came to me in a great state, and said—4 Oh, Mr. Twinning, I haf not bring ze crown ; I cannot play vizout ze crown? She proceeded to state her firm determina tion not to play a bar without 'ze crownand for a long time no remonstrances were of any avail. At last we compromised; she was to go on and play her first selection—three solos bracketed—unadorned, while I went to the hotel to fetch the bauble* When she thought I had had time to fetch the thing, she abruptly left the piano in the middle of a brilliant passage, hurried to the wings, donned the crown, and resumed her' seat at the piano, taking up the music where she had left it." * * The Wanderers Tourist Party intend to give a performance in aid of the Children's Hospital on Friday, March 10. ' * Mr. Thomas Hudson is due in West Australia from India next month. 