The Late Rev. A. A. Maclaren. MAITLAND'S TRIBUTE TO HIS IMEMORY. A Mcronar window erected in St. Paul's Church, West Maitland, to the memoryeof the late Rev. Albert Alexander Maclaroen, B.A., first head of the Anrlican Mission to Now Guinea, and formerly inoumbont of St. Paul's, was unveiled yesterday afternoon by the Bishop of Newcastle. Tho ceromony, which was a most impressive one, was com moenced at 4 o'clocok, the church being filled by parishioners and visitors. The B3ishop of North. Queoonsland, and Arch deacon White, of the same diocese, assisted in the service, the local clergy resent being Arochdeacon Tyrrell, of East Maitland, and the Rev. E. A. Anderson, the inoumbent of the parish of St. Paul's. Thle servioe consisted of parts of the usual evening prayers, with the 27th and 84th Psaulms. Archdeacon White read the lessons, whivhwere Isaniah 60th chapter 1st to the 13th verse, and 21st chapter of Roevelations, 1st to the 4th, and 22nd to the. 27th verse. A number of hymns were also sung, and the clergy walked in procession from the altar to the end of the church where the unveiling ceremony took lace. The Bishop of Newcastle commenced by repeating the followcin: -"Dearly beloved in the Lord, --Wo read an the Holy Scriptures that devout men, moved by the Blessed Spirit to promote the glory of Almighty oad, have dedicated for the uses of Divineo worship whatever might serve to sot forth the praise of His holy name. And forasmuch as certain persons have pro vided a window to beautify the place of this sancotuary to make it glorious, as also to perpetuate the memory of him who once ministored iin this place, and wont forth honooe to be a messenger of our Lord to the heathon, lot us.unito in dedicating this window in a solemn manner; and lot us pray that it may, assist faithful worshippers to worthily magnify His holy name." Prayeors were then offered up by Arch deacons Whyto and Tyrrell, and the Bishop of North Quceensland delivered a short address on the life of the deceaonsod olergymau, who was not only a follow worker with the speaker for some years, but a warm personal friend as well. The Bsanor of Newcastle then unveiled the window by drawing away a blind by a card, and saying at the same time, "To the glory of Godd, Amen. Fornsmnoch as eortain persons have subselibed for the orection of this window to the memorial 6f' our doar brother in Christ, Albort Alexander Maolaron, who through a period of three oyears mini stored as iuoumbent of this ohuroli, and after wards went forth to Now Guinea to estab lish thoro a mission to the heathen in the name and under the direction of our Angli loian comnmunion, and whoso faithful labours woro suddenly stayed by the hand of death whilo voyaging along the ooast, I dedioate this window to his., memory in thankful re membrance of the grace given unto him, and comnmending the oxample of his self-donial to .us who remain, that we also maybe partakors of the glory that shall be revealed at the comlng and kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ, to whom, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, be honour and praise for over." The servio was broiught to a oonolusloi by the singing of the 858th hymn, after which a colloction was taken in aid of the memorial fund. The memorial window is situnted in tlhe west gable of the church right of the main ontraneo, and is a representation of Christ walking on the waters. The dooeasesd pastor was a student of St. Augustineo's College, Canterbury, was ordained deacon in 1878, and priest in 1870 by the Bishop of Brisbaneo, when he took up work in ~ho dioceeao of North Queensland. He was rector of Mackay from 1870 to 1884, during which tlmo ho was anu nactive worker among the natives oni the adjoinig islalnds, as well as the kanakes on the plantations. Ho theln oame to the dIocese of Nowonastle, and was appointed inonmbont of St. Paul's, West Maitland. He appeared to have a strong liking for missionary work, and was porsnaded witlh some difimoulty to refrain from throwing up his position to proood to the Contral Afrdcan Mission, However, when Bishop Pearson wont to Fngland -Mr. Maolaron accompanied him as a personal attoedant and friend. In the old country he resumed his studies at the Durham Univor sity, and took his BA, degree, At this time the qucaestion of the colony taking up the New Guinea Mission wias occupying the attention of the colonial. Churclh, and Mr. Maolaron offered his sorviooes for that purposeo to the lato Primatoe, Dr. Barry, and was aooopted. In Now Ouineis, as in other placeso, lie showed him self an intropid worker for his Master, and by his boldness, and at the same time gentleness of his ohlaraotor, gained the esteem and love of tlhose with whom he was brought in contact. Ultimately hle con traoted jungle fevor, was taken on board the Government steiamor for coavoyanoo to Cook town as the only means of saving his life, and 0died at sea on Sitnday, the 27th of Dooomber, 1801, His remains were intorred at Cook town lthe following day. His death was a souroe of doopi sorrow not only to the churlch of the colony, but to the nativesn of Now Guinuae, whom he lhad mixeod among-the chiefs of some of the villages sincerely mournring him, whom they had knowni as mani Alberti (Father Albort). In Aus trelis, memorial servieoos weore hold in St. Androw's Cathedral, Sydneoy; St. John's p.roOathedral, Brlisbano and St. PauPs, West Maitland. A memorial hiis just been ceroted over his grave li the cemotory at Cooktown. 