. PLAIN TALK. I have been requested by a gentleman of musical taste, who has trilled some classic pieces in the ears of more than one colonial Governor, to protest against the way local concert programmes are arranged. ‘Knocked 'Km in the old Kent Hoad/' says he, “is sung before the Royal Family at home and enjoyed by them,” aud he wants to know why light comic songs do not find a place in the ordinary concert programme. Ho objects to the music hall enjoying a monopoly of the funny business, and advises our local voca lists to select pieces with some humor in them. I uggrec with his suggestion. All the big singers of the world make specialties of at least a few songs with both music and humor in them, and their example is worthy of imitation. The same idea was offered in the form of a suggestion, in regard to violin playing, in your report Holy Trinity concert last week. Of course there are comic songs and comic songs. Some of them, like “ Where Hid You Get that Hat" have not a shred of music in them; aud the wards of others are coarse and silly; taste is required; “ I'm off to Philadelphia in the Morning " is frequently sung by Santiey. Since, according to the Member for Wil liamstown, who is, of course, a judge, the Advertiser hasidesceuded to scurrility, what are the local public to do if they wish to obtain local news rendered iu readable English sans tucket Are they lost since the prospectus of the newspaper with which the Member was supposed to be identified has perished.in oblivion ? Not so, happily ; they have the Chronicle to comfort them, and as it has now taken the Member for Williamstown to its bosom, hearken to its voice ye who would have “English as shes spoke," pure and uudefiled by the Member s official organ:— Of course you were at Mr Carter’s meeting, sir, Monday evening last? I was there also, and am of opinion it was a big speech. Carter is immense when on the stump ; ho knoeks Trenwith and others of that kidney into a cocked hat. Even if you don t agree with the fellow, you must acknowledge his ability. I wouldn’t give a snap of the finger for a man—although an enemy—politically speaking— who didn’t acknowledge genius. There you are, now* ? No scurrility about that! It beats even Stouey Creek in the the uffoit to please, Mr Carter is just a “ genius, ” he is *' immense when on the stumps ; he “knocks Trenwith and others of that kiducy into a cocked hat.” Observe the poetry—never mind abouj the |truth. Scurrility iu speakiug of a Secretary of Cabinet is forbidden. Here youjnave a speci men of elegance and refinement worthy ot Addison. ' ^ ^ I am sorry the writer says:—“Even if you don't agree with the jellow you must acknowledge his ability.” Agree with the fellow? Acknowledge genius? Why, has not Mr Patterson hi maelf acknowledged it, and what more do you want ? Since mottoes are the order of the day, let the Chronicle in scribe “ Love of the People ” in bold type over its leader (in place of that dull announce ment about its advertising rates,) and in strict: harmony with the noble inscription on the Member’s watch. It would be a graceful act, too, and quite in keeping with its graeoful style of paying complimeuts, if it continued its literary researches with a view to obtaining a list of brand now mottoes suitable for political purposes ou demand. I have tried to select a few myself, but the Member is of opinion that my taste is rather beastly, and I am therejore somewhat afraid to submit them. But*/* Neither carest thou for any inan”iia not bad, an 1 “ Sparta both many a worthier son than thee” is from Childe Harold. “Adieu” is uot scurrilous. It is what the ghost says in Hamlet you know. Or if Mr Patterson had the making of it, I am suro he would muulate Iolanthe as follows— He always voted at bis party’s call And never thought of fishing villagers at all. But since the Chronidb has described the Member as a genius, 1 presume I may, and hang scurrility, describe the writer as a geui ass and myself and several other profound admirers as a set of geni*asses. 