Notes and Maws. The annuil court for thq revision of tlio voters' list for tho electoral district of Gym pio and that portion of Wide Bay situated within tho police dis:rict of G3'rapio, will bo held at tho Court Houso this morning. Members of' tho Municipal Council and Widgeo and Glastonbury divisional boards are romindod of tlio conference to take place at throe o'clock this afternoon to discuss tho important question of an alteration of bound aries. At tho Police Court on Saturday, beforB Mr. S. Shophord, J.P., John Coombos ploadod guilty to boing drunk in Mollor streot, and was discharged with a caution, but for disorderly conduct ho was lined 103 or twenty-four hours imprisonmunt. Annie Heckahor summoned Andrew Lii-son for the larcony of certain goods. Mr. W. H. Conlin (for Mr. F. I. l'owoi) appeared on bulinlf of accused. After tho evidence of tlio arresting constable had beon heard, accused was re manded until to-di»y, bail boing allowed, accused in .£50, and two sureties of £2o each, featorday, boforo Mr. W. Clark, J.P., an inobriato waa brought up, troated as a first offondor, and discharged with a caution. John Smith, charged with indecent assault, waa, on tho application of tho polico, re mandod until to-day, ns also was J. H. Itosa, brought up on suspicion ot boing of unsound mind. A wood-chopping contest for £5 a-sido took placo on Saturday, in a yard at tho rear of tho Otugo hotol, in tho prosouco of a large crowd of people. Tlio contestants woro C. Gidloy (who won tlio pr:zo for chopping at tho last aliow of tho G.A.M. and P. Society), and Jos. Tatuoll, tho flrst- moutionod receiv ing ono minute start. Great excitement was exhibited by the spectators a3 tho chopping proceeded, and it wne ovident that tho finish would bo a CI030 ouo. Tatnell would have won but ho did not malco a straight cut, so tho atake3 woro awaited to Gidloy, who took 1-iJ minutes, to got through his log. List yoar tho people of Queonslaud ab sorbed 1,273,1G3 gallons of intoxicatiug drink, chiefly beer, at a cost of Xl,l)Sl,8;)7. Tho Gympio Miuistora Association hold its monthly mooting in tho Primitivo MothoJist manso, Red hill, yestorday morning. It was agreed to initiate a systematic plan of Hospi tal visitation, aud re Sabbath dcsecr.tion tho Association agreed to put on renord its gratification that tho (iympiu Municipal Council had prohibited nil gamed from being played on tho Municipal reaoiveson Sabbath days. A general exchange) of pulpits was arranged for Sunday, 10th December, s-iid oxchaugo to bo duly advertisod. Madamo Christian, the- celebrated singor, lias sung for the last timo in public, having lately joined tlio order of tlio Sistoia of Charity in Sydney. l'ho convention of district ilologatoa of tlm Australasian Federation of Labour now mooting at. Sy.lnoy has formed a provincial council of Now South Wales, and draw 11 up rules for tho constitution. Tho now council will consist of delegates, 0110 from each district, tlio prosiiioiit, tlio treasurer, a ad secretary, to bo elected by plebiscites throughout tho districts. Tho monoy no;d;cl by tho council will bo raised by lovy of 01111 ponny poi- month from each mombor of tho federation tiom January lit next. Mr. U. R. EJon, tho well known briabiiuo dentist, who Ims for iimny yearn held tho position of honorary dentiiit to the motro. politan hospital, intinifttea through aw bnsl- ness columns that ho will p^ R pwfes9i«Uftl ?i?UtflC!ppl9«aSh\««wy' * . * Thoro woro only twonty-ilvo prciont at tlio last mooting of tho Gympio Debating Socioty. Mr. W. J. Cavlosa road a papor on ' Alion Labor.' Ho nsaumod that tho torm 'alion' waa equivalent to foreign, and. pointed out thnt in thin way Adam and Evo when drivon out 01 tho gardon of Kdon woro alions in tho country thoy wont to — tlio oarliost rocordod instance of aftona. Tho Jpws, Chrint'a disciploa, captivos taken in war to bo used na olavon, tho foreigners who camp to England in conuoution with woollon and otlior industries, Irish agricultural laboroi'B who wont ovor to England, Euro peans in Africa, Indin, and Auutralia, wero all alions as comparod with tho pooplo with whom thoy wont to dwoll. Ho contonded thatcommorcn had dono a groat deal and would do Rtill moro to break down tho bar riers of nroiudicos that exiatod botweon nations. Ho believed that all alion labor had always dono a certain amount of good to tho country in which it settled, nnd that tlio timo would como whon by tlio intor 3liango erf commodities, or in otbor words by means of commorco nations would bo go closoly knit togother that thoro would bo but ono groat nation on tho earth, and tboro would bo no alions. Tho writor dealt with his subject in a manner that showed ho bad a comploto grasp of it, and ho was loudly applauded on resuming his aoat. Tho papar waa intoroating and bristling with informa tion. An animated discussion followed, in which nearly half of thoso nrosonttook part. Tho majority of tho spoakora confined thoir remarks to Chinese and Kauakan, whilo ono speaker vonturod tho assertion that tho alien, the whito man had moat to fear juat now was whito woman. Many praised tho essay, but at tho aamo time woro nothing loath to Eick it to piocea. A moat enjoyable two ours was tho result. A paper on ' Shako spear,' by Mra. Robinaon is tho next subject, and tho woi-k for thia year will conclude with a social on tho 13th Docombor. On Thursday evening tho intorior of tho Masonio hall presented a vory gay appear ance, tho occaaion boing tho conclusion of tho dancing season of tho pupils of tho Quoen'a Park school, which was colobrated by tho holding of a very interesting ontor tainmont. Tho ball wai nicoly decorated aud tho attondanco was very good. The juveniles attondad in full force, in addition to which Uioro woto a great many of thoir parents and frionda presont. Tho pro coodings opened with a violin solo nicoly played by Miss Nollio Lalondo, nnd this waa followed by the Orand March. In tholattor a groat number took part, the smallest leading off and tho sizo gradually increasing until tlio last pair, nnd various evolutions woro rrono through to music suppliod by Miss Lily Mollor. Tho next item was ontitlod ' Fairv voices.' in which fourteen juveniles sang and dancod, in addition to which limelight effects woro added. Tho younger scholars then gavo in good stylo a recitation entitled 'Two little hands.' 'The sm-nymphs' aong' waa rondorod in a capablo manner by tho Misses Jeasio Woodrow and ISirdio Daviea, and limolight effects wero also introduced in connection with thU item. A comic duet entitled ' Polly Hopkins,' by Miss B. D.wies and Master H. Faircloth was well sung and created aome arausnm?nt. Miss Maud Woolgar waa very successful in hor violin solo and was deservedly applauded. A tableaux J'The crowning of tho May Queon' was very pretty, tho twalvo children who nndortook tho parts carrying out thoir work wall. Thirty- six of tho pupils then performed tho ' May-polo' dance, Mia3 Lucy Lymbu'nor being tho queon, after which tho ' Singing Quadrilles' was gone through by tho youngor pupils of the dancing class. Tho Utter item in tho opinion of many of tho spectators was tho best of tho evening, aud it waa cortainly very attractive and well performed Thoro woro also sevoral othor dincos by the children and at the con clusion all sat down to an excellent supper provided by tho Mis303 Lymburnor, tho principala of tho school. Tho costumea worn wore both neat and pretty, sevoral being also vory unique. Altogether an onjoyable ovoning was spent, and tho con clusion of tho 1S91 dancing season is likely to bo long remembered by the puni.s of the Queen's Park school. Nominations for the principal ovents for tho sports to bo held on Now Year's Day close with tho secretary on Saturday next. Tho full programme ia advertised in another column. Saturday's Wiilo Bay Ncks say3 that tho choir fostivnl held in St. Paul's Church of England, Maryborough, on the previous evening, provided a great musical treat, and ovokod a wish from ovory ono prosent that such music might bo heard overy Sunday. Tho uuitod choirs were conducted by Mr. F. T. Porcival, of Gympie. Afterwards, a social was held in the Town Hall.which w »s largoly attended, especially by young Hdies. There were presont the Rovs. Canon Eva, Morris, Laightou, Clayton, and othoi'3, and refresh ments wero served, also much goad lnusi^. Among tho soloists woro Mrs. R. Mar, of Gynipie, who was enthusiastically encored ; Miss Trott, who was deservedly applaudod ; Mis3 Mycock, Mra. Bayno3, Messrs. Creasor, Bsnbow, Jackson, Wilson, and Percival ; a duot by Mra. Mar and Miss Trott waa ono of the features of tho ovoning. Thoro aro many persons— said tho member for Mackay (Mr. Dalrymplo) in his speech on Glassoy's Eloctoral Reform bill — ' who do not think things out for thomsolves. Likoa theatrical manager or mu3io hall manager what they want is something novel; and nothing ia easier than to get some scissors and paato and go to r neighboring colony and cut out a number of clauses, bring them boforo this Parliament, and endeavor to got credit for being what thoy call ' in advanco of tho time.' Was it thia sharp thrust which excited the junior mombor for Mary borough and made him unfairly accuse Dalryaiplo of loving to play the part of tho destroyer of good measures, and of having abused women in his speech of that day ? Tho writer of ' Political Points' in tho U'cini'iet J.)jnsof Saturday,says: — Miniatora g:ivo 'i picnic to CapoMoreton in thoateam yacht Lucindi on Saturday, and a largo p:»rty of niombord of both Houses, includ ing a contingent from the Labor party, accoptod tho invitation to run out to soa. Luncheon was solved whilo the ship was crossing tho smooth watoro of the bight on whu30 beach lio tho bones of the ill fated Graco Darling. Tho Premier occupied the chair, and in duo courso proposed tho tuasc of tho Quoon. Throe niombors of tho Labor party romainod ooated, tothoovidont annoyance of tho company generally, ono of whom expressed hia feolinga in very plain language. Liter ou whon tho health of tho Promior was proposod, it waa honored in orthodox fashion by the gontlo inon who had rofused to honor tho health of hor Majosty. It was clear, thoreforo, that thoir treatmont of tho loyal toaat was not dictated by temperance ecruplea. Thoy vouchsafed no explanation of thuir conduct, nhich was probably duo to a general objection to kings and queens, liut, as mombcrs of Parliament, thoy had tiikon the oath of allegiance to Hor Majesty before taking thoir seats in tho council of U10 couutry, and it waa a littlo ridiculous to strain at a gnat aftor swallowing tho camel. Telegrams to hand atato that tho heaviest hailstorm experienced in Stunthorpo for the last, fourloou y ou's occuired on Wodnesday iiftorno -n. Tho storm completely ruined nil tho vegetables, fruit trees, ami viuoj iu the disti'icf. Tho amount of damage can 11.1t bo ascertained for aoveral daya, but it in oxciodinnly hoavy. Tho town had tho :ip pcirauco of being covered with snow, and till '.ho re3ident3 aftor tho iitorni woru actively engaged in shovelling tho hailstones away, — Warwick Ex\mim;ii. A pigeon raco from Melbourne to Sydney Ivan flown but week. Tho winning bird ciivoriid tho distiiuooj'-SuO miles, in yj hours \+ minutes. Tlio Bunpliura of milk to a creamery at Gattou who went Oi strike owing to tho prico boing reduced from 2Jd to 2|d por Ralloa have ag^d taftocop^ tUo lower ntlcq -:?:??,.; : ' Si Outoftliothivty-ono mombora of Parlin. inont who woro rologatod to privato lifo iif tho recont Victorian olectiono, only six'ha ::- (writoa ' Outia' in tho Sydney Daily TV graph) beon honost enough to givo ,,p thoir railway pa3sua. Ftirthotmoro, it ia otat«l that, tho Comminaionora lmvo knov/lodcn nf GOino of thorn boing fraudulently used hi I ' thoro ia a. doairo nob io make a publih? di play of tho namea of tho offendora' pondi 1 tho issue of a circular threatening prosoo, tiou if tho awindlo bo notdiBcontinuod Wi tlwro should bo any Rqueamiahnesa 'abnii? publishing tho names of tho men RUiltv nf such a moan fraud upon an already oppromofl and down-dragged taxpayor ia not oaav f« ueo. J l0 It is not of ton that peoplo aro ploasod when thoy havo to postpono a plua8uro trf n™ which thoy havo sot thoir minds (aava H Maitland Mercury). But wo understand tw Mr. and Wra. H. H Capper had nrrangod1 0 visit New Zealand tor a, pleasure tour a,S but for aomotlnng unexpected turning 2 would havo boon paasungora by tho iH.L'? Wairarapa We 'incorolycongratulatetC on tho event that compelled tlio portpon™ men tot their intended trip. e uc At a loctin-o on ' Tho Devil in the Nino teouth Century,' recently dclivored bv ]{„ Father Lo Kennotel in Sydnoy ho aaid thnt m a sr.nnco hold at Nowtown one of tho miniatn,. proaont askod tho ghost about a mina i Quoonsland. ' Thoro aro millions of noun 1 in it,' said tho ghost. Tho miniater invcaM ovory penny ho had— XiCOO or JESOOO-and jiwtflvo daya af forwards tho mino waa dn elarod bankrupt. So much for tho vorarif* of ' spooka.' Uly John Burjia uttered a striking aontenco at tho Norwich Convention of British trad unioniata. '? I havo long boon a tompoanci m in, ho said, but I beliovo the intomporatn advocacy of tho tomporanco cauao has donn it moro harm than good.' .1 man doos not always hko to bo taken at Ins word. '1 his also (aays tho Wcd-U, m. patch) appliea to anarchiats. Some timo a™ an anarchiBt gontloman vigoroiiBly contonded at a meeting in London that there was no Biich thing as privato property ; thatin fact ovorytbing belonged to ovorybody At tho close of tho proceedinga tho speaker pro' coeded to tho cloak-room iu order to don hia fur overcoat ; but, alas ! that pplendid car raont had disappeared. 'Polico! polico 1' shouted the unhappy man. And now his frionds invariably greet him with— 'Do you believe in private proparty in fur coaUP' His reply to theso inquiri=»a is moro emphatic than edifying. ' llc In some ranka of society it is an un. writtan law that no dress shall bo worn twice. AcerUin wealthy American hAv gave an ordor recently t j a Parisian firm for no fewor than forty dresses averaging £00 each, and another Parisian firm has a Ht mding ordor to supply tho Emprosa of Japan with £4000 worth of clothes every yoar. A cape was made recently, tho price of which was £2000. It had uolid gold clasps, and wja ordored by a London lady. From St. Petersburg c jme3 tho story of a charming young widow who rniaed a magnificent tomb over her lito husband and placed tlio following inacriptiou on it :— ' My grief ia ao great that I cannot beat it.' Time, however, assuaged her grief, and a year or two afterwards sho married a handsome ollicer of tho Imperial Guard, Tho iuacripion to her formor huaband at first troubled her a littlo, but sho got ova tho difficulty by adding the word 'alone.' 