REV. G. GRIMM AT ST. STEPHEN'S. The Rev. G. Grimm, M.A., preuched at St. Stephen's last night in support of his proposition that the Scriptures are "justly entitled to the long-honored name of 4 The Word of God,"' taking for his text II. J , W.Ik., v., , w . AW ...... .1 . All Scripture is given by inspiration of Cod, and is piotiiablc for doctrine, fur reproof, fur correction, lor instruction in righteousness ; That the innii of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. He contended that if verbal inspiration was rejected the Bible would fail in the very purpose for which it was given. Mr. Grimm pointed to the humble and uncultured con dition of the men selected for this work, and to the harmonious and completeness of the system of doctrine they had produced, though working unknown to each other, in different conditions and far apart. Manifestly nothing less than the spirit of God could huve guided them to such ful filment of a work lor which they were in themselves incompetent. As to plenary in spiration, that was not difficult to believe of the God who designed the Creation. He quoted the promise of the .Saviour to the apostles on the eve of his departure that not tliev but the Holy Ghost should speak for thein in the hour of their trial, aud asked whether it was possible to suppose that such guidance should be given for personal safety and refused when the apostles sat down to write the articles of our faith. Since the existence of God was argued from the Creation, why not, by parity of rea soning, in inspiring the Scriptures ? Mr. Grimm contrasted the 44 naked, mural code" of philosophy with the wide provision of the Bible, remarking that if the Book rciimed supreme, tliev would see at last what hud been often sought but never found, the perfect man. He advanced the wonder ful accuracy of its prophecy us another good reason for believing in inspiration, giving the fall of Tyre and the dispersion and racial conservation of the Jews as instances of the fulfilment of the prophecy made when there was no hint of their cause. Touching on the manner of inspiration he said that God employed human agents in the way most agreeable to them, so that there was achieved an admirable plan, from which human in firmity was eliminated, but the Divine element was cast in human mould. Those who had read Joseph us and the Koran aud noted tlie dull monotony and uniformity of them — defects which made tiie reading of tliose books very like a penal sentence — would appreciate this. That the writers themselves claimed inspiration and ascribed it to the Old Testament the preacher quoted abundant proof in the words of the Saviour, the assembled apostles, Jeremiah, Raul, Peter, and others who contributed to the general assertion of this prerogative in the New Testament. " Surely," said Air. Giimin, 44 we should be thankful to God for this boon and the solid evidence on which it- is founded." He controverted tlie theories that the Bible would have been perpetuated in original form by a standing miracle if it liad been inspired, submitting that as it was the Book had come down without any seri ous errors of doctrine ; and the claim that it was a code of rules, explaining that it was only taken as a general rule and code of Christian life, "a lump uuto my feet and a light unto my path." Finally, Mr. Grimm contended that those who disputed the Bible's inspiration, or sought to lessen its authority, were playing directly into tlie hands of Romanism in its effort to place the control of the conscience in the hands of an infallible Church. 