AUSTRALASIAN ITEMIS. IT will be interesting to note the num ber of volumes contained in free libra ries recsiving State.aid iin the different Australasian colonies. They are as follow :--Victoria, 894,000 ; New South Wales, 337,000; New Zealand, 333,000; South Australia, 187,000; Queensland, 115,000 ; Tasmania, 67,000. It will thus be seen that .the free libraries . of Victoria contain within 135,000 as many as those of all the other Australasian colonies added together,- being 894,000, as against 1,039,000. There are in Vic toria 421 State-aided libraries, in New Zealand 298, in South Australia 140, in Queensland 77, and in Tasmania 36\. The New South Wales 4tstistics do not give the number here. The buildings containing these libraries, so far as Victoria is concerned, cost £600,000, and are exclusive of 25 libraries located in shire or borough offices and State nchools. Some months ago it was reported in these columns that Mr. Myring con ducted a party over the Sandfiy coal fields in Tasmania, the Earl of Fingall who has been distinguishing himself of late by purchasing the London derry gold mine in West Australia, being of the number. At the time it was announced that the fields were re garded of sufficient value and promise to be worked on a large scale, Mr. Montgomery, the Governmenr Geolo gist, reporting very favourably on the deposits of anthracite and bituminous coals, and recommending that certain detailed information should be ac quired by the owners. Mr. N. E. Lewis has now been instructed by Mr. Myring, who is acting for Colonel North, to despatch the Government diamond drill for further testing the field. Notice was given in the South Aus tralian Assembly on Wednesday of a proposed new loanu amounting in all to £1,139,500. Of this sum £200,470 is ,intended for expenditure on the railways. - . The half-yearly report of the National Bank of Tasmania shows a credit balance of £G167. - A dividend has been declared at the rate of 0 per cent., and £1600 is to be carried for ward. In connection with the-reductions in Education Departmont of Tasmania a n. umber of teachers .have been in formed that the department intend to provide for a continuance of the sochools in anether way, by giving the teachers a grant and permitting free occupancy of the achools and quarters. A now society to be called the Queensland Political Association has been formed in Brisbane. It is estimated that it will cost £105,034 to maintain the lunatic asylums of Victoria for the coming year, and this arm was voted for the purpose by Parliament last week: It was explained that though the amount might seem large it was really only 9s 3d per head of the lunatics in the asylums, or ld per head more than the cost in England. - - Two men, .named M'Guire and Taylor, were burned to death on Friday in a two-roomed house at -Christchurch (N.Z.), the house hav ing caught fire, The Customs reeeipt?' of South Australia-for the financial year up to Decomber 1 amounted to £213,0.44 19s 6d, as compared with £229,300 14s 5d for the corresponding period of last year, or a decrease of £16,255 14s l1d Dr. William Mitchell has been ap pointed to the Eughes Professorship of English Literature and Mental and Moral Philosophy at the. Adelaide 'University. Dr. Mitchell, who is 33 years of age, is a graduate of Edih burgh University, ,with firstaclass honours in phileoophy. An interesting discovery is reported from the Muriwai gumifleld, which is situated about half-way between - the Maunganui Bluff and Kaworua. A party of Austriane digging for gum found, at a depth of nine feet below the surface, some atone axes and som. stonesi which, it io thought, had been used to sharpen the axes. Wooden spears, clubs, and other articles of native workmaneship wore also founl; also, some stones which had been used in the conatruotion of cooking ovens. The Adelaide City Council have fixed the Mayor'o allowance for the current municipal year at £1000. The Melbourne Chamber of Con morce, has addreosed a letter to the 'Premier of Victoria with reference to the proposed Tasmanian income tax, and the demand made by the Commis sioner of Taxoe in Hobart on'the mer chants of Molbourno for a return of sales made in Tasmania from the let July, 1893,, to the 1st January, 1804, for t ie purtpose of assessingthe income tax on the business done. The Cham ber of Commerce urges the Premier to intervene. Up to the end of last month the revonue received in Victoria since the 1st of July was £2,593,073, or £55,247 less then was collected in the first fivo months of the year 1893,4. The re ceipts from a-li cources in the year .1808-4 wore £6,710,81l, but the Tren puror notiuate4d the revenue for the current year without reckoning on any now taxation at £6,550,001, or £157,2138 lon thea the rovenue for last year. It will therefore be seen, looking at the matter from this netand point, that so far the rovenue is slightly in exoess of the antloilpations of the "L'rauror, -iThe mooting of the Federal Council ' Hn Hobart next month is (writoe| the South Australian Advnrten-wn) likoly to lose mu?h of its Importance owing to lack of raprosentation, and more intereat, will no doubt contre in the conference of Premiers, which will take place In the Tasnanian capital about the rimes time. The action of the Logislative Council in rejcoting the Fedooral Council 13111 is the subject of correspondence whioh ---am been receive?from the Victorian Premier. With both New South Wales and South Australia unrepresented, Mr. Turner thinks. the meeting would be abortive' ot any practical result, and as chairman of the standing committee of the Federal Council, he has written to Mr. Kingston, urging upon him the desirability of this colony taking part in the discussion of federal matters which is likely to arise at the Council, and hoping that South Aus *aia will be fullyiYTresented at the Hobart gathering. Many foolish people of late have been much alarmed at reports of a ghost playing strange fantastic tricks in the Roman Catholic portion of the cemetery at Dunedin (N.Z.). A young man named Denby has turned out to be 'the principal witness against the ghosts, and the other day he showed a letter -which he said he found ad dressed to him on the grave where the spook always disappeared. In this letter Denby's lifo was threatened. The police were informed, and it was found Denby's stationery was identi cal with the paper on which the ghostly letter was written. Under pressure Denby admitted he had written it, and was the author of the whole hoax. Then there was another development. Some time ago the papers received a letter signed Albort Gordon, of Wrellington, in which the writer said he wished to hear testi mony to the splendid bravery of the young man who has rescued his (Gordon's) sister from a watery grave, detailing sensational incidents,. Gor don said he had learned that the name of the young man was Denby, and he suggested that stops should be taken to secure the Royal Humane Society's medal for bravery for him. Such a medal has been obtained, but Denby has now signed a written confession that the whole affair was a hoax. An endeavour will be made to prosecute Denby if possible. 