BRETA BAMTON. CHAPTER XXVII. A STARTLING DISCOVERY. The last interview between Carlos Monteri and Gerald Danton's granddaughter was not without a witness. . Cecil Doniphan, who had. set himself the task of watchiner those two. had, been loiitan'nf* around the grounds, and had seen their 'meet- ing. And, although it was impossible for him to get close enough to hear their conversation, he could see by their gestures and expression that they were engaged in an excited inter view. V . ' ? His curiosity was roused to the,. highest pitch, but try as ho would, he could not alter his position without being discovered. He was satisfied, however; that it' was not altogether a friendly feeling that 'prompted their strange meetings. He had intended to visit the old haunted house and see what took the fellow there, but before he had done so, the old place had been burned to the ground. Not for an instant did lie think anyone was confined there. ..'? ' ;i 1-;,*' \- It was late that night when he raised! his head from his pillow and listened. What Hyas that peculiar cry ? . He was certain that he hecird it. But not hearing it repeated,' he decided that he must have been dreaming, and lay down again. ? ' . - ' : 'L ! ;': In the morninghe was the first to descend to the breakfast-room. . i, ?' When the bell rang for breakfast they; all assembled save the head of the house. ' Where is grandpapa ?' asked the sup posed Breta Danton. v ' I was just about to ask that question my self,' replied Cecil Doniphan. '. Jorkins, go to uncle's room and see if he is ill. He is always prompt at meals.' ; : Jorkins, returning a few minutes later, with a very white face, said : ' Mr. Cecil, he is not in.his room, and the bed has not been slept in.'' ' Impossible !' exclaimed Doniphan. ' What does it mean ?' as he rose from ths table in his alarm. ' Come,' he said, ad dressing his cousin and the servants. ' Search the house ! I fear something has happened to him,' as his mind reverted to the cry he had heard in the early part of the night. Had it been his imagination or was it after ? all, a reality ? Following Cecil Doniphan's lead, they repaired first to the library, and there a sight met their eyes that made even the girl, wicked as she was, turn pale. Lying at full length upon the floor was the body of Gerald Danton, while beside him a pool of blood stained the carpet a deep crimson. ' Oh, grandpapa !' cried she, as she drew back and covered her face with her hands. | With a cry of alarm, Cecil Doniphan and the servants hurried forward. '?'',' ' What fiend has done this?' cried Doni phan, as he gazed on the stiffened form 6f his. uncle. ??' Oh, this is terrible !'. exclaimed the servants.. ' . ,: ? ?v.: : 'Must I go for the doctor?' asked Jorkins. ? ' ' : ' It's too late, Jorkins,' returned Cecil Doniphan. 'He is cold and stiff now, and past all aid. See, the window is wide open, so the assassin, whoever. he might be, must have entered that .: way. Search the grounds, and to the one who finds a clue to this foul murder I'll give fifty dollars. Search well ; don't leave an inch of ground unsearched ; and, Jorkins, go to the station and telegraph to town for a detective. I mean to get at the bottom of this aff air.' ' , . All the time he had been talking, his cousin had crouched back' against the door with that scared, white face, which Cecil Doniphan's keen eyes were not slow to note. Of course, the situation was : bad enough, but the wild, restless look in her eyes caused him to watch her closely. , ? All sorts of wild suspicions rushed through Cecil Doniphan's head, but he dared not utter them without being sure. He had no par ticular love for his uncle, and had often wished that he would hurry himself off the earth and leaye liavensmere m his possession. But to see him murdered, to know that after all he would not be heir .to his uncle's estate — that was quite a different matter altogether. To himself he was thinking : 1 ' She, that evil- faced girl who stands there before me, she would be heiress to Gerald Danton's wealth, while I would be left with a paltry thousand or two. There is something behind all this. She knows more about this affair than she pretends, and, if possible, I mean to bring it home to her. She is the one who will be benefited by his death, and in that fact alone I see a clue. But I must not be too hasty.' ?.-.?'.? ' You had better go away from this sight,', he said, addressing her. ' It is not fit for you to look at, and I see it agitates you greatly. Take my advice and retire. If I need your assistance I will send for you.' ' '?: ' ' Glad of anv excuse to owt n.-wav from Cecil Doniphan's searching eyes, she availed herself, of the opportunity and went to her room. 'Why did he watch my face so closely ?' she said when she had closed the '' door behind' her. . 'Is it possible that he suspects me?. Ah, I must control myself '.This will not do !' as. she took a bottle from her pocket and pro ceeded to take a small' dose of liquid 'Ah, that's better. I feel the effects of- it already.: Now that he is dead, I will inherit all this wealth,' she. added. ?. ; 'There is no one to dispute my right, and if Cecil Doniphan interferes. I'll fight him to the death. How I hate him! I 'know that in 1 him I have an. enemy. But Avhat will the rich Miss Danton care for his- enmity!; And',1 am, sure that suspect what he might, he can prove ho thing.'.' Ah, Inez, don't be too sure of safety! Have, you forgotten that Nemesis is on yoar track ?. CHAPTER XXVIII. / V\£-tl ' I AM ? BEETA1 DANTON.' ;.\ ; : ; - Wo left Eric Breritwbod and his charge on the train bound for Brentwobd Park. ' , ?'. When he told her that she needed rest she did not hesitate to submit to his; superior judgment. Already her heart acknowledged him as its master, and that knowledge caused her to bo more reticent than she would other-, wise have been. . ? : , At last they reached the end of : their journey, and, assisting her from the car, he was obliged to hiro the same conveyance that took Brota Danton (?) to Brentwobd Park six months before; i , , As they neared the Park his companion ex claimed: ?? ?'. ????' ?,. . ?'.'?' '.'??. .' Oh, what a lovely place! . I know I shall, be happy hero. ' Is this your homo ?' ' Yes,')' ho ansAvered, as ho assisted her from the carriage. ' This is Brentwopd Pai'k, my home.' ? .;, . ? ?:' y/- ??'.';'?. :'s- .'' : \« ?'? . As he mentioned that name she uttered a startling cry. . ' Brentwood Park ! Ali, I remember now ! I was coming to Brontwood Park !' She spoke so wildly and excitedly that Eric looked at her in amazement and doubt. Had she not entirely recovered from her delirium, after all ? She coming to Brentwood Park ? What did she mean ? Before he had time to question her, his mother came hurriedly down the steps to meet mm. ' Oh, Eric, have you returned at last ?' From her son's face her gaze wandered to that of the. girl he was assisting to alight, ani she uttered a startled exclamation, falling back a step or two. 'What' is the matter, mother? You look as if you had seen a ghost.' ' Who is that .girl ?' she asked wildly, her eyes still riveted on the fair beauty of the girl' by his side. ' If I didn't know that Valerie Danton was' dead and in her grave, I would say that she stood beside you, as I saw her last before she left America.' -.'?;.. ? '?' ? . ?'.'.? As Mrs. Brentwood spoke the name of Valerie Danton, the girl, clasped Eric's arm convulsively, and . she breathed a sigh of thanksgiving. f ;. '? '.? ? ' Oh, sir, I remember everything now ! I forget no longer all that I have been puzzling my brains to remember so long. Oh, how 'strange that you should have saved me ! You, above all ; persons ! For it was here that mamma sent me— here to her . dearest friend. I am Breta Danton. Oh j thank God that at last I am safe with friends !' At her declaration that- she was Breta Danton, Eric and his mother both gave a She Breta Danton ? Who; then, was that other girl who had come to them, claiming to be Valerie Danton's daughter? For not a doubt entered either mind but that the fair, pure-looking girl before them spoke the truth. To ? Mrs. Brentwood her face was confirmation of her words ; but although Eric never saw Valerie Danton, his belief in the girl who had taken possession of his heart was boundless. Mrs. Brentwood took the pale but lovely girl in her arms, while Eric stood by, filled with envy and a longing to do likewise. But honour forbade him. Not until she had learned to care for him would he presume to force his love upon her. f Come in,' he said unsteadily. ' She is not overstrong, mother mine, and must not be exerted too much. Come in, and we will hear what she has to tell us of herself.' And taking off his hat, ;he reverently said : ' Thank God that I have been the means of bringing' her to the friends to whom her mother entrusted her.' Tears filled Breta's eyes as she looked up into his noble face, and the look he bent upon her set her heart beating madly. Ah ! What made her pulses thrill so ?wildly ? Was she learning to love this man, who had proven to be her guardian-angel ? A flush suffused her face as she thought that she was giving her love, unasked. But what meant that look in his eyes whenever they met hers? As she walked between mother and son, a feeling of contentment and peace that she had ? not known for many days came to her. ? j Conducting her to the drawing-room, and j ensconcing her in a huge cushioned chair, Eric said : ? ; 'Now, little girl, tell us all your troubles and how you came .to. be in' so strange a position; Perhaps you can unravel a mystery that has been ^puzzling us since you told us that you are Breta Danton. ,: ; v ... ? : J CHAPTER ^ ? XXIX. . ? ' ? '? ? ' .'??? '::?'?': ?'.' ' A/CLTJEl;.: :\\..r-:. ' .'? ???..? ;?/'??.'? The foul murder of Gerald Danton was soon reported, in the i village,: and everybody was up in arms. If the murderer could haye been found then and there, no doubt they would have lynched him. ?-.?.:-'? . , Cecil Doniphan joined in the search of the premises, in tlie hope of finding sometlimg I ihat would confirm his convictions. The! murder had been committed by means of a dagger, judging by the- shape of the wound near the heart. ' But no weapon of any kind had been found so far by either Cecil Doniphan or the servants. - V :?':.. ; V ? ; Several hours .later jthe detective arrived from New York. . ? ? :. - ?;? , '? ?':.';?? ' Have you found any. clue to, this affair ?' he asked Cecil. ? ?; -; : ? J ? ? ?'?'' ? 'None whatever,' he answered. .But at that juncture a servant: rushed ;into the room1 in the greatest excitement. :: ;' ? ; , : , 'Oh, Mr.;; Cecil; Ihave. found :it!. The bloody dagger, .all stained- with' poor Mr.' Danton's blood!' ? ; l .:,?-?/' S. v / ' ?:'?? : ' ' Where is it ?' asked Cecils and the detec tive in a breath; . -;?/? , ,y ?.;';. 'Down- there in the gully to the ; right of the hpuse'.. Come, sir, Iwill show you.'' ;? '..' .'.Why did.ypu bring it with you ?' asked /the detecttve. '' ''-. :'..: ; . ? ? ? ? ? -?, : ? ? . ; . ' Uh ! I wouldn't like to touch the bloody thing; arid, besides, I thought it best to let the detective get It himself.' ' ' ?'?'? All' rijjht,' said Detective, Ingram. ''Comej Mr. Doniphan, we will see if it really is tlie weapon that was used.'. ? : . : They followed the servant to the sjDot, and there they, found the murderous weapon that had; been used to inflict the wound that caused Gerald Danton's death. : ? ; ? ''? ; The detective i took it up and examined it. 'Why,' lie exclaimed, ' here, is a name engraved on the: handle!' Rubbing the ?blood off the spot, he read the name aloud : .'' 'Inez: Monteri.'. Do you kriow-Vof ;. such a person?' he asked turning, to Cecil Doni 'phan...... ? ,,?!'.' ? '?'.:?'?.?? , ; ?''?-;??'??:.' './?? ??? ?.?''?'? :--:'-;: : .'.' No,. I never, heard the hanie: before. Jorkins,' turning to the servant who had made the discovery, 'leave us; I wish, to speak to the detective alone.' ! For the next twenty minutes they were en-' '?ae-ed a confidential conversation, the detec tive's face wearing a jrazzled expression. He took a trip to the village, making in quiries for one George Bertram.; and found ?that 'he, had left the hotel two days before ? but Cecil Doniphan had seen him talking to his cousin the day preceding the murder. No trace of him could be found, so the detec tive turned his attention to the . immediate household at Ravonsmere. ? Gerald Danton's granddaughter was a silent but interested looker-on of all that transpired. She had not, however, been apprised of the fact of the finding of the dagger. - If slid had she would have been puzzled to know the meaning of it. With the cunning of a cat, she fa-ied to keep track of their - proceedings, but it was very little she could learn from either Cecil Doni phan or the servants who had been warned to hold their tongues. - ' ' After a consultation with the detective Cecil Doniphan sent the following telegram to New York. ' Doctor Montpord ?. Gerald Danton foully murdered. Come at once. Services may be needed.' (To he continued.) 