SYDNEY GOSSIP. (From a Correspondent.) FASHION AND FINANCE. Fashionablo life is still kept up. notwilh stsndinzall kinds of ill omens chronicled for 1895. Tho Icadors of the ion ton do not behove in laying by for a raiuy dtw Somo have secured a great part of their landod property on their wives, and others ? ? ? 0»,,u„ur alcor UlB rocoi)_ structi on. Pity is folt for many of the old hard-working families who sparo no pains = to prevent disaster and aro the victims of ! circums'ancos — call them pinic, ro'um ' bad management, or what you will.' ; p'°r fellows who wero retrenched by i tho Dibbs' Government and othors of the desk class oleowboro are at thoir Hits' oni —they cannot di«, and to beg they are ashamed. Theio unfortunates havo not the will-power or ' savee ' to adapt tbem Bolves to other methods of life, and num. bors of thoso 'in tho swim' of fashion to-day and whose names aro high on tho list of those named from week to week in the Sydney press social columns will pro bably be helploss to-morrow. The pro blotn ii how to provide employment for this class of mortals. CRICKET ANIl LITEUAIUKB. Mr. Carruihors has wisely pointed out in his interesting Mnrrickvillo School of Arts address tint all olassts ?' go in ' too much for novel literature. Men you would expect better ihinus of disdain the so'id bonks t-f information and timught, and flood the shelvos with ephemeral works of fiction. Tlioy aro all very ijoo I in thoir nay, but should not be so much in evi deuce in Governmcntally su sidised educa tional institutions. But. Australians are ever thn*, and love excitement nf mind and body. Witness the attendances at our biif criclto' matches ! A good haul, to be sure, in those times for tho Cricket Association, and a splendid outing for not over-worked Civil servants and the rank and beauty of Syoney society. Tons of thousands study evory pointin the guno, and there arefotr youngs! era who can't spot tho strong and weak points in batsmau, bowler, or Colds man. Criokot is a grand sport, but should not he allowed to monopolise tho energies of Aiis ralian youth i. SPO°KS AND CONJURERS. The Daily Telegraph has raised a pretty dust over tho, Mollon-Henry revelations. L'fe is too short to read up all the funny things folks say about tho spirit trickstora. Mr. J5. Hosking has sot the bill a-rolling, and we shall havo plenty of evidence of tho resiiurcoful character of meu who know all about optical illu.ions, and aro blessod with s'eight of hand and almost invertebrate bodies. Thero are plenty of good people ready to buliovo in any new thing, aud take up with the latest preacher and the newest fashion. It hits always boen so— and not only with the weak-mioded crea tures. John Wesley's diary teems with ghost stories, stories of m'raculo'ie inter positions of Providence, and so forth, in nil of which he placed the most implicit faith. Christmastide brings with it the risurrection of old tales, and ushers in ever so many new ones for the delight of old and young. Bless their young hearts I What would they do without the creation of some wonder to exercise thoir bright imaginations 1 All things, so soino one says, begin in wonder, and in wonder all things end. PEW AND rDLPIT. Tho ministers of the Kirk are bravely at tacking the vulgar laity who rail at their orthodoxy and asiail thoir sincerity. Rev. Roger M'Kinnon thinks many church goers employ their time in discouraging tho efforts of the pulpit by their carping, envioui criticism nnd don't c irae to listen in a proper spirit. Ha and his brethren eaid many things to show that the 'cloth' fools it hard in Sydney charges to contind against the apathy and criticism of thois who refuse to help thorn. All this may indeed be true, but do the ministers do all thoy can to make men and women Chris tianlike 1 If they do they can afford to wait for results. Churches should have educated toachers, with large hearts aud great patience, and should bo well tup- ' ported nnd paid. Some church workers in tho metropolis tell sorry tales of the treat ment thoy meet with in their rounds. Oue declares he doesn't believe in churches now a-days. They are either renters or some thing equally objectionable. Another with a soul not as big as a threepenny bit de clares he can't afford it. Another, he doetn't like the clercrvman. as he should nrmr.h tha gospol of love and not denounce social evils. Another thinks the clergyman eHos too muoh with the rich members of his congre gation. Another says thedoacons have no religion about them, ond that what they havo is all for trado. And another doesn't care for the music; if thoy had an orchestra he nnd a lot of others wonld come. ' What's tho use,' said tho ladies at a mooting, 'to notice these objections 1 Such people do not love the churoh, so wo ought to do without their money, although it seems difficult for tho churoh council to - pay their way.' My adtioo to tho pirsotn is : Believe earnestly in your mission ; don't heed ignorant criticism ; don't complain of want of suocess like the mau of the world, it will all come right if you do your duty. Bo patieot. THE PREMIER AND 'JACK' WANT. . These two old legal and political chums are again united, and all power to them say the believers in the democratic platform. 'Jack' will have his work cut out in brow-beating the jury of the Counoil, to which he will often have te appeal. It will not be all plain sailing, but as ho has got rid of his Miranda yacht, he can give all his time to steer tho cargo nf Land Bills, Coal Mines Regulation and Marino Board Bills, through the dangerous seas of tho Counoil. An old yachtsman declares thst like the Wairarapa they will all bo wreokod just when land is in sight of the Barrier reef of the Council. ' Jack's ' old Broken Hill clients, Sleath nnd Ferguson, and the solidarity party generally, can't help admir ing 'Jack' and Eeid'a getting him ai Attorney-General was a good move. THE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE. Hon. Sydney Smith is looking after hit institution at the Hawkesbury. It deserves his paternal eare, and will be a monument in future years to his wisdom in founding it. It is said that when the new buildings are ereo'ed they will be crowded out. Btoh mond is proud of this addition to its neigh borho'id. rand business-man say tbey are good for trade. You, Ulawarra and Kiama electors, should invite your Messrs. Camp bell, to secure an es'ablishment of a similir kind on the South Coast. Nutn'iors of y.iung farmers or would bo farmers would, no doubt, avail themselves of tho privilege of a State College, if they were, as they should be, fairly extended to them. Thou sands of acres of land in the States of Canada, as well as on the Contiuont ot Europe, have been utilised owing to the in creasing knowledge of soientlfio agriculture. 