THE ACTING COLONIAL SECRETARY. It is notified in Saturday's "Government Gazotte" that his Excellency the Governor has been pleased to authoriso and empower the Hon. A. II. Barlow, Secretary for Publie Lands and Agriculture, to perform and exercise all the duties, powers, and authorities of the Colonial Soeretary during tho absence from the colony of the lion. H. Tozer. As previously stated, the lion. A. J. Thynne has been appointed to perform the duties of Attorney-General during the absence of the Hon. T. J. Byrnes. TORRES STRAITS MAILS. The Queensland Royal Mail Line of Steam- ships have, on account of tho loss of the R.M.S. Dorunda and an accident to the Butoshire some time ago, as well as on account of other sundry mishaps, bocorne disarranged in thoir rogular running, and it has bocome impossible for the company to arrange for the despatch of a mail steamer, via Torres Straits, this month. The Government have oonsonted under the eiroumstanoos to allow the December trip to lapse, and arrangements havo been ^nade to send the mails that would in the ordinary course have loft towards the end of this month by the Southern route, thence to London by the P. and O. mail steamer. It is not likely that any appreciable delay or inconvenience will result from the alteration. The various Northern ports havo beon advised of the change. The parcels mail, which would have left vid, Torrea Straits on Saturday, 22nd instant, will bo despatched on that date, via Melbourne, and will be carried to London by the P. and 0. steamer. THURSDAY ISLAND HOSPITAL. With reference to a telegram from Thursday Island which appeared in these columns on Fri- day on matters concerning the general hospital on the island, the Colonial Seoretary (the Hon. II. Tozer) states that a portion of tho parti- culars as contained therein are untrue. Certainly, he says, he did lead the Hospital Committeo to bolievo in July last that they would receive endowments on money collected from seamen through the Shipping Office, and hu still points out that the institu- tion will receive Buch endowments. As to the statement that he failed to reply to several telegrams sent him, and that he ignored the committee's urgent wires, he fails to see how he can be thus charged when ho received no communications or telegrams, urgent or other- wise, bearing on the matter piior to the 13th instant. If, he says, tho committee had gone to work in the proper manner it would have received its endowments long ago. SHARKS IN THE RIVER. The water in the river, which not long since was quite fresh, is now almost as salt as the sea, and is a home for salt water fish of many kinds. From Victoria Bridge to the month of the river jellyfish can now be seen at all times, and at places they are remarkably numerous. Sharks have also followed up the salt water, and are very numerous in the town reaches of the river. On Friday two sharks were caught on fishing-lines near the Queen's Wharf, and on Saturday one was caught near the same spot. Yesterday the ferryman at Ernest- street, South Brisbane, caught a shark 3ft. long, and during the afternoon it was on view in the doorway of the Swimming Baths, Stanley street, an appropriate sign, and a warning to bathers of the dangers from entering the river. Sharks of larger dimensions than those caught have been seen in the river. On Saturday several sailors from the barque Olga, which is berthed at D. L. Brown's Short-street Wharf, were bathing at the spot where these sharks have been caught, and were apparently quite unconscious of their danger. THE CLAYFIELD SCHOOL. Notwithstanding the threatening appearance of the weather on Saturday morning, about 300 people took part in a down-river trip arranged by the Eagle Junction State School Committee. Tho Otter loft the Queen's Wharf at 2 o'clock, calling at Beveral wharves en route, steamed out as far as St. Helena, and returned to town by 8 o'clock. The weather was all that conld bo desired, and the * excursionists appeared to thoroughly enjoy the outing. The reasonable price at which refreshments were provided induced so brisk a trade that nearly all the supplies were cleared out. The Nundah drum and fife band played throughout the trip, and added greatly to tho pleasure of thoso on board. Altogether a very enjoyable trip was made, and the committeo who worked it up have every reason to bo satisfied. A word of praieo is due to tho officers and crew of the boat, as the success was in a great measure due to their hearty co-operation. Tho prooeeds go to the School Building Fund. DISTRICT COURT CIVIL SITTINGS. The Civil Sittings of the District Court were concluded on Saturday, his Honour refraining from making the usual adjournment for lunch and sitting till 5 o'clock in the afternoon. In the case of Bazan v. Howells and others, judgment was given for the plaintiff against the Castlemaine Brewery and Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited, for £01 8ä. 5d. He gave a verdiot for defendant Dodsworth, and a verdict against defendant Howells, reserving the question of the measure of damages to be awarded against this defendant. The case of Dare v. Thompson, in whioh an appeal was made against a magistrate's decision that certain furniture claimed by Mrs. Dare as her own was not her property, and which decision was the result of an interpleader action in the matter of an execu- tion against Mrs. Dare, was dealt with. His Honour dismissed tho appeal, declining to hear the case on the facts, and stating that the proper course would have been to go in for a new trial. The appeal in the case of Goeldner v. Moxley was also dismissed, his Honour holding that there was no right of appeal in the matter. The case of Bishopp v. Davis was one in which the plaintiff had signed a docu- ment and yet claimed for the amount which such signature released, on the grounds that when signing the document he was non compos mentis through drink. His Honour found a verdict against the complainant. A case for alleged malicious prosecution, in which Mrs. Bazan, the plaintiff in a previous action, sued tbe Castlemaine'Brewery and Quinlan, Gray, and Co., one of the defendants m the provioas notion, was called on and adjourned till Feb mary, his Honour advising counsel for the plaintiff to withdraw the aotion in the mean- time. Two interpleader caäes wore also dealt with. The reserved judgment in the ease ot the Balmoral Divisional Board v. the Federal Building, Land, and Investment Society, in which tho plaintiff board sued the defendant company for rates due on land of which they were tho mortgagees, was given. The verdict was for the defendants, his Honour holding that they were not the owners or ocoupiers under tho Act. EXHIBITION ORGAN RECITAL. At the sacred recital at the Exhibition yesterday afternoon Mr. Hermann Kuapp took the place of Mrs. Wittmore, and proved an efficient substitute, his playing of the No. 3 Sonata in A of Mendelssohn's, particularly the Andante tranquillo movement, being marked by care and thoughtiulness. The same may be said of the other organ numbers, Batiste's Andante No. 2 in E Minor and two marches, a " Funeral Maroh" and " Triumphal March in D." Tho first of these two marohes is by Edvard Greig (bom at Bergen in 1843), an intrumontal composer of talent and originality. The " Triumphal March," by Leramons, the Belgian composer, is brilliant throughout, and was well received. Mr. It. T. Jefi'eries and the threo Misses Jefferies gave great delight to the audience by their rendering of Haydn's No. 39 ' String Quartette, consisting of threo movements, the Vivace, Andante qon moto, and Finale vivaoo. Miss Jefferies also played as a violin solo, the " Preghiera," from Bossini's "Mose in Egitto," with great dolicaoy and power, and she had the advantage of the accompaniment being played on the organ by Miss Mary Jefferies. The arrange- ment of tliis piece is by Delphin Alard, an eminent French violinist. Mr. Denbigh Newton recited with extreme tender- ness and expression the pathetic story by Ethel Lynn, entitled "Our Folks," which is in the foim of a duologue, the two characters being well portrayed. Three of Mr. Denbigh Newton's pupils- the Misses Wilson, Trout, and Hyland-sang the trio, "Protect us through the coming night," very creditably. It is the work of Carl Freidrioh Cursehmann (1805-1841), a tenor singer of note and a pleasing eomposor. Miss Hyland also sang the reoitative and air from "Samson," "Rotura, return, O God of Hosts," with much expression and good taste, and was deservedly applauded. DRAUGHTS MATCH. A draughts match between teams represent- ing St. Bridget's Branch H.A.C.B.S. and St. Bridget's Catholio Parliamentary Debating Society was played at the schoolroom, and resulted in an easy win for the H.A.C.B.S. as follows : HruERNiANs. DMUTEHS. ?Wins. Draws. Wins. 4 J. M'Kennarioy 0 li. Stophons .. 0 4 II. J. Lacy .. 0 * '" " " 4 T. Crowe .. 0 4 J. Burke.. .. 0 2 It. Mills .. .. 1 " 2 M. Kerwim .. 0 0 W. Cussidy .. 0 20 1 J. Shepherd . . 0 W. J. Dwyer . . 0 \- Kolly . 0 P. Dwyer . 1 J. Cassidy . 1 J, Moran . . 2 CHEIST CHURCH, MILI ON. The Bev. C. W. Baron, having just arrived from England, conducted the whole of tho sorvioes yesterday at Christ Church, Milton, to which it is expected he will become permanent incumbent. In the morning Mr. Baron took for his text the 2nd Corinthians, chapter v., verso 25, and preached, extempore, a most earnest sermon, pointing out in an impressive manner the awful responsibility both of God's ministers and their hearers, the former in preaching His word tiuthfully and, fearlessly, as he hoped to do during his stay amongst them, and warning them to receive the message delivered to them, with joy, as sent from God. In the evening ho gavo a stirring sermon from St. Matthew, chapter vi., part of the 15th verse, "Thy kingdom come." MEETING OF MASTER BAKERS. A general meeting of master bakers was held at the rooms of the Brisbane Traders' Association on Saturday evening last. Mr. A. Lewis occupied the chair, there being a full atten- dance of members, and considerable interest was taken in the proceedings, it being the first since the inauguration of the joint committee of bakers, millers, and journeymen. The secretary read the report and balance-sheet of the joint committee, the funds of which are provided by the master bakers, they being the principal direct participators in the benefits of its working. Both were considered highly satisfactory and unanimously adopted. Tho following were appointed representatives to the joint committee for the ensuing six montliB, from 1st January, 1893 :-Messrs, Butterworth, J. W. M'Mahon, n. Bugall, T. Keating, and J. Ainsworth. The wages question was next dealt with. For some time, owing to scarcity of jobs and the low price of bread, no scale of wages to journeymen haï been inexistenco.it beiug a matter of individual arrangement. It was asserted by those present at the meeting, and known to bo huo, that in some instances journeymen were receiving very little over half the wages of good times. The question of improving this state of things has had the attention of the joint committee, and by them has boen referred to the master bakers to be dealt with at a general meeting. After considerable discussion a minimum wage was adopted, to come into force from the 1st January, 1895, as follow :-Foremen, £2 15s., and second hands, £2 5s. per week. This, it was stated, will bring the wages to within 5s. por week in each ca9e o£ the average wages in our most prosperous time. It was considered by the meeting that, preparatory to any further rise, the figures should be equalised ia all shops for some time. After instructions to the secretary to notify the journeymen representa- tives, a vote of thanks to tho retiring committee brought the proceedings to a close. SANDGATE REGATTA. A meeting of the Regatta Committee was held at the Sea View Hotel on Saturday even- ing (writes our Sandgate correspondent), Dr. F. Paul presiding. Correspondence was read from Mr. L. R. Jaggar and E. Hale, accepting the positions respectively of starters for the sailing races in the Bay and for the sports in Cabbage-tree Creek on New Year's Day. The secretary reported that the postmaster at Sandgate could throw no light on the missing letter from his Excellenoy the Governor, so that inquiries would now be instituted at the General Post Office, Brisbane. It was resolved that the committeo communicate with the Queensland Investment Company, requesting them to lease to the committee for the 1st January the Sandgate Pier at a price to be mutually agreed upon, and failing this, to ask the company to open it to the public at their own risk and price. It was resolved that the entries for the sailing races must be sent to the secretary by Friday, 21st instant, and that advertisements to that effect be inserted in the daily papers on Monday after- noon and Tuesday morning next. The committee hear that all events will be well contested, and a good day's sport may be anticipated. The Sandgate town band will be in attendance and discourse music throughout the day. QUEENSLAND BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. A general meeting of the Queensland Builders and Contractors' Association was held at their Exchange, Courier Building, on Thursday last. There was a good attendance of members, and Mr. C. W. Midson, M.L.A., ocoupied the chair. The principal business before tho meeting was the reception and consideration of the report of Mr. John Crase, the Queensland delegate to the Intercolonial Convention of the Federated Builders and Contractors, held at Ballarat, Victoria, on the 31st October last. Mr. Crase, after making a graceful allusion to the hospitality extended to the visiting delegates by the Ballarat Association, referred to some state- ments made by the president of the convention, Mr. Seeley, in his opening address. That gentleman, speaking*^ an employor of over thirty years' standing, favoured the establish- ment of boards of conciliation for settling I disputes between employers and workmen. Speaking of the mnoh desired Lien Bill M Seeley expressed tho opinion that the Parlh ments of the various colonies had been «ñ engrossed in coping with shrinking revenu», that the introduction of suoh a measure wouM simply have invited a very decided rebnfl «3 likoraany otfler progressive measures nße'ctim! the industrial classes, must stand aside wh « the deficit question is being Bolved. Altll reviewing in detail the subjects dealt with by tho convention, Mr. Orase suggested that in future, prior to the meeting of convention th« business to be dealt with thereat should hn disoussed by each of the affiliated association in order that the delegates might be conversant with the views of members of their respectiva associations. The report was adopted, and a vote of thanks passed to Mr. Crase. A similar compliment to the chairman closed the nra ceedinga. ^ FOSSICKING AT KILKIVAN. One of the men despatched to fossick at Kilkivan at the Government expense called at this office and gave us the men's view of the cuse. Ho said: In ft recent issue of tho Oowicr and Observer there is a paragraph so worded as to throw some discredit on the fossickers who went to Kilkivan at the Government expense. The facts are these:-Thirty ono went originally, but most of the men were absolutely without ,any experience at all. I can certify that the great majority of *tbe men did their best, but their efforts" wore entirely misdirected. An experienced miner myself I knew that the efforts of most must be fruitless I worked twenty weeks, and got 2oz. Hdwt. of gold-worth about £6-for the twenty weeks' work. That would havo kept me, but I had a wifo and six children in town looking for rae for support. Six shillings a week for a man his wife, and six children is not a wage " passing the dreams of avarice." The alluvial at Kilkivan was worked and abandoned by the Chinese years ago, and is not likely to yield a living to any ono now unloss ,worked ^ with costly ap- pliances on a most extensive seale. If the men had desired to loaf they could ha\á stayed for weeks longer and been supplied with rations so long as they kept on prospecting but when they saw the case was hopeless they acted honourably in my opinion by seeking work where they oould get it with botter hopo ot reward. The two men who aro now on the ground ha7o made nothing to date. They are cutting a tail race, which will require fourteea I days to complete. It is 300 yards long, with a steep incline. It is now 21ft. deep. It is a monument to'their industry, but when the race is completed it is questionable whether the old workings the race is constructed to drain are not too rotten to work. If so they will hava their labour for their pains. PRODUCE AND FRUIT AT ROMA. The near approach of the Christmas holidays, the olose of the shearing, and the wheat harvest (by whioh a considerable amount of cash has been set loose), have combined to impmo business considerably (says the Roma Star), and fairly " good times" are likely to prevail unlil January is well advanced. Prices for produce, howover, continue low, the wholesale rates for potatoes and chaff having dropped a shade during the week. Wholesale buyers of potatoes now offer from 2s. to 2s. öd. per cwt. No alteration to report in other lines. Apricots are now coming in freely, nnd for preserving purposed farmers are selling them by the basket at os., said basket containing sufficient for a modorately sized family for some time. When our farmers have learned how to dry the froit tho trees will bo exceedingly profitable, and thero will be a demand for them all the year round. Melons are just coming in, and as the yield will be larce this year melons will be cheap. The price now ruling for those early sorts ranges to Is. Gd. The grapes this season will be several weeks later than last year. Judging by the loads of cases being carted out to the vineyards the yield should be enormoub. Ono of tho causes of reduced income amongst bend teachors of State schools has been the discontinuance of the payment for instruction given to pupil teachers. This has now been remedied; for a notification'has just been issued that payment at the rate of £5 per annum will be made on account of all pupil teach«3 who pass their examination. The medical superintendent of the Brisbano Hospital will be glad to receive contribntions in money or kind towards providing the usual Christmas cheer in the hospital. In Un; connection Dr. Jackson points out that the presentation pictures whioh are issued with illustrated papers at this Beason would, if framed with a good margin, be most suitable for brightening the walls of the wards. With regard to the ordinary Ohristmas gifts, an early intimation of favours to come would greatly facilitate preparations. By the A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Aramac, whioh left Brisbano for Southern ports early on Saturday, 149 passengers travelled in tho saloon and seventy- nine in the steerage. Tins is the greatest number of passengers that has yet left Brisbane in the saloon of one vessel. By the Cintra, which left for Northern poits, seventy passongors travelled in the saloon. Two slight accident cases were received at the Brisbano Hospital on Saturday afternoon. One was a lad 10 or 17 years of age, John Anderson, who had boen run over by a cait, but the nature of whoso injuries has not yet been fully ascertained. The other was a Mrs. Brown, from the Wickham street dye-works, the back of whose hand had been cut by coming in contact with,a machine. The wound was dressed, and slie left the hospital after a few hours. - The Department of Publio Works has aceeptod the tender of Messrs. Kerwin and Summerfoid, £101 13s., time six weeks, lot the ereotion of a veranda to the female hospital ward in connection with the Goodna Lunatic Asylum. It is notified in Headquarters General Orders, Saturday's "Government Gazette," that the period of service with the Queensland forces of Sergeant- major W. H. Catchpole, Permanent Staff, has been further extended from 5th May, 1895, to 4th May, 1S97. Lance corporal W. M. Gower, of B Company, 2nd Wide Bay and Burnett Regiment, having resigned, has been placed on the reserve at his own request. > Mr. William Street, of Sandgate, advertises in another column his preparations, both liquid and in a powder, for destroying white ants. Mr. Street's experience with these pests extends over nearly a lifetime, and he has received numerous testimonials from archi- tects, business and private people, wbo testify to the efficacy of the white ant destroyer as manufactured by Mr. Street. The Brisbane agents are Messrs. B. G. Wilson and Co. and James Campbell and Sons. We have just received an advance copy of the twenty-fifth annual report of the directors of the.National Mutual Life Association ot Australasia. , The directors report having pwQ special attention during the year to the invest- ments of the association. A careful examina- tion of all securities has been made, and all realised losses written off. The total nnmter of policies issued was 2098, amounting to £631,7S8. After providing for all chums. endowments matured, cash bonuses, sur- renders, and all expenses, the sum of £91./°* has been added to the funds of the association, increasing the total funds to £1,465,02(5 Is». lid. The total income for the year waa £281,849 Is. lid. It is worthy of note that the interest on investments, £73,059 Os- in more than paid all the death claims «ism? during the vear, and which amounted w £65,920 3s. "lid. The association is sun moving steadily forward despite the exceed- ingly dull times of the last twelve months. We strongly advise all classes JW^* Drapery Goods o£ all descriptions. Boys' ami Men's Clothing, Toys, Fancy Goods, *e, «*?. to go straight to Finney,Isles-and Co., wo see their goods and prices. The wholes^ houses are simply not in it oomnared wtto »is establishment.* A correspondent draws attention to the faot that, according to a recent announcement in these oolumns, the Kanaka, Johnny, now under sentence of death, is to bo executed on'Monday 24th inBtant, the day before Christmas Day., He thinks that if no extenuating circumstances can be found to justify mercy to the unhappy black, some consideration might bo shown"" for the officials who have to carry out the sentence of the law. He hopes that public feeling on the subject will even now be awakened so that the Christmas season may not be marred in so horrible a manner. It is notified in Saturday's "Government Gazette" that the railway station hitherto known as Clifton Colliery, on the Southern and Western Railway, will in future be called "Elphinstone." How to make home happy. Visit Carew, Gardner, and Billington's monster disûlay of suitable Christmas gifts and toys and invest.* Mr. D. J. Mooney, special representative of the City Mutual Life Assurance Society, Limited, from the head office, Hunter, Bligh, and Castlereagh streets, Sydney, is at present in Brisbane, and is staying at the Imperial, Hotel, George-street. Mr. Mooney's mission is to make arrangements for largely increasing the staff of agents of the society in Queensland. The December mooting of the Albion Benevolent Society was hold at the Albion Hall on Friday, the 14th instant, when accounts amounting to nearly £15 were passed for payment. The resignation of Mrs. Fife, who is shortly leaving for England, was received with very great regret, and a vote of thanks having been passed to her for her services, Mrs. M'Arthur, of Clayfield, wa3 unanimously elected to fill her place. It was decided to allow those who are being assisted by the society a Christmas ration to' enable them to havo a share in the season's festivi- ties. It is hoped that some of the supporters of the society may feel able to forward a donation to help to meet the extra cost of these gifts. The sale of Christmas cards by Carew, Gardner, and Billington, during the past six weeks has been phenomenal. A long, long, long way over 50,000." The annual, parochial tea meeting in con- nection with the Lutwyche and Albion Churches of England was held in the rectory grounds on Wednesday evening. The weather was very threatening, yet about 200 assembled to take part in tho proceedings. A heavy shower of rain fell just as all were sitting down to tea, and caused some inconvenience and discom- fort, but as soon as it was over all seemed thoroughly to enjoy themselves. After tea the choir sang several glees. Songs by Miss Gray and Messrs, Boden and Blake, duets by Misses Hudson and Essie Sykes, and an overture by Misa Eppie Thompson were very muoh appreciated. The proceedings were brought to a close at 10 o'clock by the singing of the National Anthem and a vote of thanks to the ladies of the congregation who had con- tributed so liberally lo the woll-spread tables. The establishment of Finney, Isles, and Co. will be opened on the ovenings of Saturday preceding Christmas Day, and Monday, Christ- mas Eve, respectively, until IO p.m.' At the City Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. P. Pinnock, P.M., two persons ploadod guilty to charges of drunkonness, and were discharged. John Murphy pleaded not guilty to a similar charge, and was remanded till Monday. For having been disorderly in Georgo-streot George Alford was fined 5s., or six hours in the cells. The Brisbane Sketching Club held their final meeting for this year on Friday last. Eleven members were presont, and a number of very interesting sketches wore shown-comprising both oil and water colour-and were ably criti- cised by tho members. Miss M'Donald read a paper on " Outline," illustrated from designs by Walter Crane, which was listened to with great attention and interest. Children's and Ladies' Superfine Silk Gloves at Finnoy, Isles, and Co.'s from Gd. to Is. (id. per pair; just the articles for hot weather, at less than half usual wholesale prices.* The Indooroopilly Cadet Minstrel Troup gave an entertainment in the Oddfellows' Hall, Kenmore, on Friday night, in aid of the funds of the Cadet Band. The attendance was not vory large, but what was lost in sue was mado up in appreciativeness. Mr. Ernest Henley acted as interlocutor, and was ably assisted by Messrs. J. Kindness, B. Crawley, Frank Smith, and Harry Jarman. The principal item in the first part was the ballad " Little Nell" by a very little aitist, Miss Nellie Wing, which was greeted with loud applause, an encore being demanded and gracefully acceded. Miss M. Beck sang "Juanita" in a very pleasing manner. The first part was concluded with a very amusing finale, " Cicsar's Ghost." In the second part Messrs. Kindness and Henley danced a sailois' hornpipe in excellent time, and afterwards gavo a plantation song and dance, which was very amusing. Mr. Frank Smith sang a pathetic little soug, " The D.\ys Before the War." Mr. Bert Crawley gave one of his Irish specialities, the whole concluding with a vory funny farco, " Thumbs Up." The floor wa3 then cleared, and dancing indulged in till a late hour. Dust Cloaks at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s from 3s. lid. each. Just compare with wholesale prices.* The Amateur Boxing Tournament for the championship of Queensland, in the light and middle-weight classes, lakes place to-night in tho Brisbane Gymnasium. The entries number six contestants for the light-weight division and seven for the middle-weight. A great deal of interest attaches to the competition, and several well-known amateur athletes aro taking part. Particulars as to admission, &o.;, appear in another column. Spend summer holidays, nt Australian Holcl, Boonah. Splendid climate, scenery. Superior accommodation for families. I. i Elooate, proprietress.-[ADVT.] In the report of the District Court pro- ceedings in Saturday's issue, in the case of Bazan v. Howells and otheis, it was stated that whilo Dodsworth was paid £2 5s., Bell received only 8s. It should read that Dods- worth paid Bell 18s. for three days' wages, and paid the balance, 27s., to the drayman as per agreement, retaining nothing for himself. Santa Claus and his admirers-See the monster kingdom of toys and joys at Carew, Gardner, and Billington's.* The Star draws attention to the fact that on and after the 7th January next about 7700 acres on the resumed part of Mitchell Downs | will be, open to conditional and unconditional selection at -the Roma land office Among the many excursions of the season our advertising columns contain one which is new to Brisbane folks. Men with limited holidays of ten require something to fill up the interval between Christmas Day and the New Vear, and such may find what they need in the five days' excursion to the Sanatorium at Noosa Heads. The party will leave by steamer early on Boxing Day, and return on the Sunday following, thus leaving Christmas Day and New Year's Day intact. Tho3e knowing Laguna Bay and its surroundings aro eloquent in praise of its beauties ; and the trip promises to be both healthful and enjoyable in every way. As the number is limited to fifty, it also will be select. After leaving tho steamer everyone will be able to choose his own circle at host Wallmann's hotel, where there are separate tables. An al fresco concert will be given this even- ing at St. John's Rectory grounds, under vice- regal patronage. Among the performers are Misses Alice Bussell, Mildred Sanders, and Bessie Cannan, Messrs. Sutton, Morris, Beard, and a choir and orchestra, with Mr. Seymour Dicker as musical director. Particulars appear in another column. _A bazaar and Bale of gifts in aid of the Nundah Wesleyan Church will be opened at 3 P-m. on Wednesday next by Mr. J. A. Lewis, Wooloowin, and will be continued on the fol- lowing day, as announced in another column. New Shipment Japanese Bamboo Tables, Chairs, Vases, Curios, «te, &o;" at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s.* 