Wat Meat Australian. PERTH, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1894. To-day the general election for Western Australia begins in real earnest. As already pointed out this election differs from all which have preceded it in any part of Australia, in that on the present occasion both Houses offer themselves for election. In other words, for the first time in British history the expression " dissolution of Parliament " will have a literal and exact application. Heretofore, other dissolu- tions of Parliament have been no dissolution of that august body, but merely the discharge of one of its chambers from its duties. In England the House of Lords, in the colonies the Legislative Council, has remained intact, while its partner has gone to receive or be refused the mandate it supplicates from the constituencies. The phrase, however, may be really taken to mean in its ordinary use that the dual, or as some have it, the triple entity known as Parliament, has come to an end, although one chamber still exists, and that the dissolution of the Lower House terminates the constitutional existence of the two bodies in their corporate form. In this way we speak of the present Imperial Parliament, as being the twenty fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom, and the thirteenth of her present Majesty, In our case, however, the new Parliament will be truly, as well as technically, the second Parliament of Western Australia. After three and a half year's existence it has given up the ghost, and at the present moment we are in the peculiar position of having no Chamber alive, although we have still the officers of both Houses, which do not exist, and even a Speaker of an Assembly, and a President of a Council which are both dead. The heads live on which the bodies are extinct. A number of curious anomalies follow upon this singular state of things, but which it would be more interesting than useful to enquire into at the present time. While it is possible that a few more names may be added to the list of postu- lands for the suffrages of the people to both Houses, especially to the Council, we have in all probability a nearly full record of the likely candidates. Beginning with the Upper Home which is now increased to twenty-one seats, we have thirty-six persons who are likely to be nominated for the Chamber, and the proportions between the different seats is fairly evenly distributed. Curiously enough that Province for which we might suppose there would be the keenest competition, the Metropolitan, has the fewest wooing the electors, although the quality must be cause sidered good, as it includes one who is still by law President of the Council, although there is no Council to be President of, and also the Ministerial representative of the Government in the Upper House when that House was in existence. The West (Fremantle), North, Central, and South-West Provinces have each five candidates, while the East and South East have each six. The la" tor for a long time could not induce more than a couple to offer themselves for its favours, while the East Province had seven candid - dates, bat by the refusal of Mr. Amherst to stand it has been reduced to six. Of the old members, Sir George Shenton, Mr. Parker, Mr. Congdon, Mr. Hooley, Mr. Hamersley, Mr. Hardey, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Hackett, Mr. Anstey, and Mr. Hassell all come forward again, and possibly Mr. G. W. Leake. It will, therefore, be seen that whatever chances befall about half the Council must consist of new men, and it is even likely that some two-thirds may not have previously occupied its seats. Among the candidates who are not of the late Council, only three have graduated in the old legislature. There is, however, plenty of time still for new nominations to be received as the nomination day does not falling until the sixth of next month. For the Assembly there are thirty three seats to be disposed of, and for these, on which Naturally the chief attention will be centred, there are fifty-four candidates, or exactly the number of members required for the two Houses in the new Parliament. All the northern seas will be uncontested, save Nannine, and the probable exception of Kimberley West-the latter an old seat, the former a new one. If there is a contest in these two places the interest excited in the result of each will be great. It is, however, as sued the metropolitan group that the excitement will wage warmest, and as all of these will be over before the close of the week we shall soon have our curiosity satisfied. It is understood that all the candidates now in the field will go to the poll. In more than one of the Perth and Fremantle electorates the contest is sure to be close. Theopinionholds in many quarters that there will he fewer changes than are commonly supposed. Indeed, to all appearances, it may be hazarded that the cases in which a new man will oust a former member may be counted on the fingers of one hand. In all probability, a couple of dozen out of the thirty of the old "Parliamentary hands will find their way back to the Legislative Assembly. Besides these there are three new seats, two of which will return new men. The third is contested by Mr. De Hamel, who alone has abandoned his former, and by most accounted his safe, seat at Albany to run a risk which it is possible will not answer his expectations. It is worth mentioning that in not a single instance has any member of the old Assembly voluntarily withdrawn from political life. Every one will offer himself to the suffrage of his old constituents, with the exception of the former member for Albany, who is only trying his luck elsewhere. So much do the sweets of parliamentary life recommend themselves to those who enjoy them for however brief a season. While, therefore, the Council will be to as great an extent as a half practically a new body, the Assembly will contain a vast majority of familiar faces. It is as well that it should be so. It is understood that a large infusion of fresh blood will be required in the Council if it is to do work which shall recommend itself to the country, for a considerable number of the former occupants of the Council benches could hardly be said to represent the feeling of the country in its progressive moods. As to the Assembly it will be equally for the advantage of the colony that the majority of those to be returned should be men who have passed their initiation in the parliamentary school. The change for the better in many of these has been a matter of general remark. Not a few of whom little aid of a useful character was expected hare turned out in the long run to be made of very fair material. And what is wanted is more of the modern spirit in the new Council, with more tried experience in the Assembly. 