A Fatal Experiment with a Patent Medicine- T R A N S C R I B E D FRO S T E N O G R A P H E R . B Y J . T . P . O ' M E A R A . *' Wltero on ear'h have all ihos« blncks come from, George V"' was a ques ,ioi> with which my manager salut-jd uie one clieerj' spring i;\cuing, as ho returned to the station after an absence in the back country of over a week. "They seem to be coming in paft : .es of of tiiree and four from ail point* of t'le compass," was my reply. "I have made inquiries aud find t lat Dick, your favourite nigger in years past, is supposed to be dying. As you know he is the descendant of the dusky E.iugs who ruled in these realms before the conquering Bti ons t >ok possession, and evidently his tribe intend to muster up aud give him a right royal send off to the happy hunting grounds of his fathers." "Poor old Dick," exclaimed the matiauer, Eustace R^ay, as he dismounted .ui'l handed his hoise ov.-r to his sable itteiidaut. " We must see what we can do for hiui." Oursti'ion was on the banks of the river Darling, and comprised about a million acres. At the time of which I write we had about ten thousand head of catde, but these were being got rid of as rapidly as possible, with the object of substituting sheep in their ttjad. We found the biackboys very reliable and trustworthy s-ockmen, and utilised the services of about a score of them in this capacity. We could not, however, induce auy of them to take up their abode at the out-station, as th»y found the isolation from their fellows almost intolerable. AB a consequence wn had a fairly large camp on the banks of the river near the homestead where our fctible stock-riders joined their lubras and picattinuies every evening, and where they seemed to lead on the whole a comparatively bnppy family life. Of course, now and again a earrulous gin would create a disturbance, but a well-directed blow from her lie^e lords " nonanonli" Boon knocked the nonsense out of her head, aud restored tranquility iu the sr- ttkmeut. Dick had been one of the be t men on t'te place. He was an expert horseman, and could sit a buck-jumper as easily as a child could ride a rocking horse. As a tracker he was unequalled, and one found him invaluable iu following up and bringing back cattle that had strayed from t'le run into our neighbours pastures. Be was good-humored, fond of a joke, and a bit of a mag to boot. Nothing deliyltt-'d him more than to accompauy a uew chum over the station. His importance rose to fever height, aud with a fttce beaming with apparent honetjby he would tell libs as outrageous.as any ever related by the celebrated Mnnchiiusun (?) The more gullible he foiuid his companion, the more daringly false became his statements ; and there was a circnmstantiability about them that was as creditable to his wit aB it was damaging to his veracity. Unfortunately, one day, Dick was taken off his guard in the cattle~yard and reudered ** hors de combat." tie was rushed by an infuriated bullock, who gored him most severely in the shoulder and left him at death's door for inauy weeks. More by good luck than good management, probably, Dick recovered, but he wasr never the same man. His ner7e left him entirely ; he gave up active work and took to the iioiitadic life so favored, by his race in general. On the particular occasion of which I am now writing, he was brought by hi* , "gins*' to the *tition, at his own request, as the feeling had cauie over hitn that his days in this world were nearly ended, and he wished his bones to rest ou the same sand bill where his forefathers had beeu buried from time immemorial. He was particularly anxious to have as many of his tribe about liim - as could be mutt red, aud with this object resorted to " bush telegraphy." One black was sent up the river to tell the uatives at the nearest the station ou our side of the river that Dick was dying. EtuUs<ir>es were sent thence further up the river to the u>-xt settlement. The same course was pursued down the stream, aud even messengers were sent with the same errand to theblackb'acks where afew poor nomads led a highly precarious existence. Dick had-always beeu the favorite of the manager, so I was uot at all surprised, wheu, after tea, he requett'd me t» look aft^r l.imand see if by means of t'le station medicine chest the ttriin reaper, Death, could be frustrated for a time at auy rat-. I gladly consent :d t» do what 1 could, but it would have beeu piucii better for Dick if I had lelt him alone, with nature as his physician, as t l ie sequel will show. He had fairly comfortable quaiters in the middle of the enc impotent. The contents of the station store were at his disposal, and our cook u*ed to supply him with the remains of the dainty dishes from the station tible. Furthermore, if he preferred such native delicacies as grubs, opposums, and uiuanos, there was always a plentiful supply about the ca.np ; so, as far as boii ! y sustenance was concerned, he wanted for nothing. Ou uiy first visit he told tne he had beeu bitten by a scorpiau. and had a swollen leg which he was afraid would eventually kill him. I examiued it. and fonnd it t» -be in a very bad way indeed. However, by ditit of frequent bathing in hot water aud the. use of liniments the inflammation was gradually reduced, aud the pain entirely removed. Still Dick showed no signs ot getting better- He seemed to have shrivelled away to half his natural siz*. So matters progressed for week*. 1 speculated in the neighbouring hamlet in all soit? <>f qituck medicines, aud used them liberally, but alas ' without benefit ! to my patient. One day the local atort- ; keeper bailed mo up in the street and i tohJ me he had x->t a new compound from Melbourne, which was guaranteed to cure all tho diseases that "flesh is heir to. from corns to heart disease. " aud aU, ; ' s»id he, " by outward application." I bought a d> 2 -.n bottles of t its mirvt-Ucms specitic aud made up my tuuni io lose uo time iu experimenting on Dick. He had a hacking cough at times, aud there, were besides i tV.r indie, tious to sho<v that he Was stldeling from lung disease. I rubbed his chett and back thoroughly day after day by tma marvellous specific, but any good efttcti it may havo produced were merely temporary. I was now intensely interested in my patient and very i anxious to save li|n life, cogitating witli myself one evening 1 made up my mit d to re-read the iutti nctioris fur the use of the medicine iu a ttiorounh manner so as to bo sure that I was doing the medicine justice. I noticed one p; ra r-ipli which nad previously escaped my n« tree, ami it read thus -"* Iu Miry severe cases where ilras'ic trettmerit in tiecessarv a dose of a tablespilonful may be_ administered in tcrnaliy." J wish 1 had never r«.«d those •lues, it would hitvo ^-pu er for tne .11,1 belief }uf- pick. At dufck on the fatal night, J strolled dowu to the carup to have what proved to be my last interview with my sabie-pat - ent. Men women aud children always Witched my mnvrfineins wiili curiosity ; M THE A U S T R A L I A N if I rubbed Dick} chett t'lere were hundreds of sharp eves following every action. D.'ZJUS of queries were put to me every day as to his condition and prosprct of recovery, until I really bugan to fat-l of personal importance. I went through all the old ceremonies with Dick as usual, and then determined to administer a dose internally, in terms of the instructions. I may say, in .passing, that on t!)is particular night Dick's cough was more severe t'lau usiiril. He seemed to have caught a fresh cold which aggravated his sympt-nns. Calling for a paiinican I guessed out what I thought about the prescribed quantities, aud gave it t> Dick. His ev^s had a grateful look in them, and the ghost of a smile of gratitude lit up hisdatk features. He put the pannican to his lips s^sUo.ved the .horrid Btuff, and iintnedn.tily began <n.choke, aud in one minute was dead i No pen on earth couldexprcss rny feelings, my brain seemed to get numbed. I felt ins pulse. It was ujc;ver to throb again. I rubbed about iiis heart and got one of the old blacks to help me, but all to no avail. Dicks spirit bad gone to the happy hunting grounds of his fathers. "Him, poor fellow dead," said I at last, addressing the excitsd faces that filled the opening of t'le llut. The announcement was received with a wail of lament ition most touching in its intensity. His lubra screamed like a banshee, and the other women aud children cried bitterly, some of them throwing hot .ashes ou their heads as a manifestation of .sorrow. Add to this thebayiug of the dogs, aud the inurmurings of the men aud you have a scene that, enacted iu the lonely bush, almost baffles description. I did not know what on earth to do. I was fraid every moment that some of t^e 0lacks would associate Dick's death with t e medicine I had given him, in which caBe, in their thenstute of excitement, my tile would not have beeu worth a moments thought. " You think that fellow, Dick, go along home good place ?" asked an old warrior, pouting towards the sky. " Yes, mine think so," I replied. " Y<>n think him gone down to debet ddbel?" asked another, to which, of course, I gave the negative answer. This seemed to give them alt much tisfaction. The "gins" assembh-d together, and commenced sinking a mournful dirge, the men keeping time by beating ibeir boomerangs together. The seemwas indescribably mournful. Ea'f an -hour aHer Dick's death I left the encampment, but it se- noed ulmrsfc a year L>; m and right glad I was whan I found tn>;Si-l' with a sound skin inside tho homestead Again. I related the incident, to ih" manager, but wit'i your bushmatrs tmiai " sang froid," he merely smiied and said that *' I had probably saved Dick a lot of pain, aud that doubtless he was better off where lie was, than eating grubs down here below." The next day the blacks went into mourning, and their bodies were covered with white blotches of koopi (or burnt {•ypsuni) giving them in mauy cases a most comical appearance. At last he was hurried amongst his countryhooj, where the wind, whistling through the pines, sings a perpetual dirge fci his memory. One more incident with regard to Dick, and I am done. Mauy months after what I have related occurred, I wa^ riding "home alone one evening, thinking of friends hundreds of miles away, and altogether rapt in reverie, when a sudden shy on the patt of my horse unseated uirf. and brought me heavily to th* ground. I was amazed at this unlocked for incident, because the animal I had been riding was one of the quietest old stock horses ou the place. Looking about to learn the cause of his fright, I was horrified tn see within six pases of me the head of a corpse appearing above the grouod. I walked across and found it was from Dick's grave the unctnny thing protruded. The lazy blacks had dug a shallow hole, and placed Dick theirin in a sitting posture. Bis head had been abov<» t!ie level of the around, but the mound on top of course hid it from view. Nature, however, in its process of settlement, assisted by the northern winds, had gradually levelled the mound with the result I.bave described. When you have killed a man even by accident, y«u don't relish, I can assure you, seeing his skull glaring at you out oi the erave. 1 know I shook from J head to for t, and was glad when I caught my horse again and could gallop away to the station. I sent two men out .next day, and they put enough eatth and timber over the grave t) keep covered till the crack of doom. Many years-have gone by since then, and many changes., havo occurred, hut through all, I can- never forget Dick; Sometimes now, when my. t»erve.s have been unstrung through burning the midnight oil, and when I. sit alone in solitude of my study, poor Deck's black face appears upon th* table and stares at me with a pitying g»ze. At, firit it us^d to scare uie, because I thought he came to haunt, ine as his murderer, but uow I think he merely comes to keep me c?m> pony, and 1. havo grown quite used to it. But the sight of the bottl* of the Marvellous Specific " always gives me a cold sweat, and no wonder. 