A Terrible Mystery. (Commenced in our issue of 5th May.) PART n. VIII.—In two boats. IX.—Alas for Trix. X. —flow Trix took it. XI—How Lady Helena took it. XII.—On St. Patriot's Day. XIII.—How Charley took it. XIV.—To- morrow. XV.—Lady Helena's Ball. XVI . " Oh, my oonsin, shallow-hearted." XVII.—" For ever and ever." XVII.—The summons. XIX.—At Poplar Lodge. XX.—How the wedding-day began. XXL—How tbe wedding-day ended. XXIL—The day after. XXIII.—The second ending of the tragedy. CHAPTER Yin.—ConrmTTED. | (He knows she is crying; her tears move him strangely. They are in the shadow of Tore Mountain. He stops rowing for a moment, takes her hand and lifts it to his lips. " I will love you all my life," is his answer. This is how two of the water party were enjoying themselves. A quarter of a mile farther off another interesting ' little scene was going on in another boat. Trixy had been rattling on volubly. It was one of Trixy's fixed ideas that to entertain and fasoinate anybody her tongue must go like a windmill. Sir Yictor sat and listened, rather absently, replied rather dreamily, and as if his mind were a hundred miles away. Miss Stuart took no notioe, but kept on all the harder, endeavoring to be fascinating, But there is a limit even to the power of a woman's tongue. That limit was reached; there came a lull and a pause. "The time Pve lost in wooing," be gan the English girl in the third boat. The idea was suggestive; Trixy drew a deep breath, and made a fresh spurt— this time on the subject of the late Thomas Moore and his melodies. But the young baronet suddenly interposed. " I beg your pardon, Miss Stuart," he began hastily and in a somewhat nervous voice; " but there is a subject very near to my heart on which I should like to speak to you this evening." Trix sat straight up in the stern of the boat, as if she had been galvanized. Her heart gave one ecstatic thump. "Oh," thought Miss Stuart, "he's going to pop!" I grieve to relate it, but that was the identical way the young lady thought it. " He's going to pop, as sure as I live!" There was a pause—unspeakably painful to Miss Stuart. " Yes, Sir Victor," she faltered in her most dulcet and encouraging accents. "I had made up my mind not to speak of it at all," went on Sir Victor, looking embarrassed and rather at a loss for words, " until we reaohed England. I don't wish to be premature. I —I dread a refusal so unspeakably, that I almost fear to speak at all." What was Miss Stuart to say to this ? What could any well-trained young lady say ? " Good gracious me!" (this is what she thought) " why don't he speak out, and not go beating about the bush in this ridiculous manner. What's he afraid of f Refusal indeed! Stuff and nonsense!" " It is only of late," pursued Sir Viotor Oatheron, "that I have quite realized my own feelings, and then when I saw the attention paid by another, and reoeived with evident pie ileasure, it was first taught me that I " He means Oaptain Hammond," thought Trixy; " he's jealous of him, as sure as a gun. « How luofcy we met him at Mao^oom." « And yet," again resumed the baronet, with a faint smile, " I don't quite despair. I am sure, MABS Stuart, I have no.real cause." "N-o-o, I think not," faltered Miss Stuart. " And when I address myself to your father and mother, as I shall very soon, you think, Miss Stuart, they will also favor my suit ? " "They favor his suit?," thought Trix, " good Heaven above! was ever earthly modesty like this youngman'e?" But aloud, still-in the trembling tones befitting the occasion, " I—think so—I know so, Sir Viotor. It will be only too muoh honor, I'm sure." " And—oh,Miss Stuart—Beatrix-r-if you will allow me to call you so—you think that when I speak—when I ask— I will be accepted P" " He's a fool," thought Beatrix, with an inward bunt—" a bashful, ridiculous fool! Why in the name of all „ that's namby-pambyj doesn't he pop the question, like a man, and hats done with it P BftBhfulneBB iiftil verj well nobody likes a little of it better than I do; but there is no use running it into the ground." "You are silent," pursued Sir Victor. " Miss Stuart, it is not possible that I am too late, that there is a previous engagement ? " Miss Stuart straightened herself up, lifted her head, and smiled. She smiled in a way that would have driven a lover straight out of his senses. " Call me Beatrix, Sir Viotor; I like it best from my friends—from—from you. No, there is no previous engagement, and" (archly this) "I am quite sure Sir Victor Oatheron need never fear a refusal." " Thanks." And precisely as another young gentleman was' doing in the shadow of the "Tore," Sir Victor did in the shadow of the " Eagle's Nest." He lifted his fair companion's hand to his lips, and kissed it. After that of course there was silenoe. Trixy's heart was full of joy—pure, unadulterated joy, to bursting. Oh, to be out of this, and able to tell pa and ma, and Charley, and Edith, and everybody. Lady Oatheron I Beatrix — Lady Oatheron! " No — I can't desoribe Trixy's feelings. There are some joys too intense and too sacred for the Queen's English. She shut her eyes, and drifted along in that blessed little boat in a speechless ecstatic trance. An hour later, and as the clocks of Killarney were striking ten, Sir Victor Oatheron helped Miss Stuart out of the boat, and had led her up, still silently, to the hotel. At the entrance he paused, and said the only disagreeable thing he had uttered to-night. " One last favor, Beatrix," taking her hand and gazing at her tenderly, "I must ask. Let what has passed between us remain between us for a few days longer. I had rather you did not speak of it even to your parents. My aunt, who has been more than a mother to me, is ignorant still of my feelings. It is her right that I inform her first. Only a few more days, and then all the world may know." "Veiy well, 8ir Victor," Beatrix answered demurely; "as you please, of course. I shan't speak to pa or ma. Good-night, Sir Victor, good-night!" May I tell it, Miss Stuart actually gave the baronet's hand a little squeeze ? But were they not engaged lovers, or as good? and isn't it permitted engaged lovers to squeeze each other's hinds ? So they parted. Sir Victor strolled away to smoke a cigar in the moonlight, and MisB Stuart, with a beautified face, swept upstairs, her high-heeled New York gaiters click-olicking over the ground. Lady Oatheron, Lady Oatheron ! Oh, what would all Fifth Avenue say to this ? Sleep was out of the question—it was open to debate whether she would ever sleep again. She would go and see Edith. Yes, Edith and Oharley had got home before her—she would go and see Edith. She opened the door and went in with swish of silk and patchouli. The candles were unlit. Miss Darrell, still wearing her hat and soarlet wrap, sat at the window contemplating the heavenly bodies.' " All in the dark, Dithy, and thinking by the ' sweet silver light of the moon?' 0 Edie! isn't it just the heavenliest night F' "Is that what you came in to say, Miss Stuart?" " Don't be impatient, there's a dear! I wanted to' tell you. how happy I am, what a delicious —de-li-ci-ous," said Trix, dragging out the sweet syllables, " sail I've had. 0 Edie! how I've enjoyed myself! Did you ?" •<< Immensely!" Edith answered, with brief bitterness, and something in her tone made Trixy look at her more closely. "Why, Edith, I do believe you've been crying!" "drying! Bosh! I never cry. I'm stupid—I'm sleepy—my head aches. Exouse me, Trix, but I'm going to bed." " Wait just one moment. O Edith," with a great burst, " I can't keep it! I'll die if I don't tell somebody. 0 Edith, Edith! wish me joy, Sir Viotor has proposed!" "Trix I" She could juBt say that one wordthen she eat dumb. " 0 yes. Edith—out in the boat tonight. O Edith I Fm so happy—I want to jump—I want to danoe—I feel wild with delight! Jnst think of it— think of it! Trixy Stuart will be My Lady Oatheron 1" She turned of a dead white from brow to chin. She sat speechless with the shock—looking at Trixy—unable to speak or move. " He's most awfully and aggravatingly modest," pursued Beatrix. 1 "Couldn't say plump, like a man and brother,' Trixy Stuart, will you marry mef* but beat about the bush, and talked of being refuel and fearing a rival, and speaking to ma and pa and Lady Helena when we got to England. But perhaps that's the way the British aristocracy make love. He aBked me if there was any previous engagement, and any fear of a refusal, and that rubbish. I don't see," exclaimed Trixy, growing suddenly aggrieved, " why he couldn't speak out like a hero, and be done with it ? He's had encouragement enough, goodness knows!" Something ludiorous in the last words struck Edith—she burst out laughing. But somehow the laugh sounded unnatural, and her lips felt stiff and strange. " You're as hoarse as a raven, and as pale as a ghost," said Trix. " That's what oomes of sitting in draughts, and looking at the moonshine. I'm awfully happy, Edith; and when I'm Lady Oatheron, you shall come and live with me always—always, you dear old darling, just like a sister. And some day you'll be my sister in reality, and Charley's wife." She flung her arms around Edith's neck, and gave her a rapturous hug. Edith Darrell unolasped her arms and pushed her away. "I'm tired Trix; I'm cold." She shivered from head to foot. " I want v to go to bed." "But won't you say something, Dithy ? Won't you wish me joy ?" " I—wish—you joy." Her lips kept the strange feeling of stiffness—her face had loBt every trace of color. Oh, to be alone and free from Trix! " You say it as if you didn't mean it," said Trix indignantly, getting up and moving to the door. " You look half frozen, and as white as a sheet. I should advise you to shut the window and go to bed." She was gone. Edith drew a long breath—a long, tired, heavy sigh. • So! that was over—and it was Trix, after all. Trix, after all! How strangely it sounded—it stunned her. Trix, after all, and she had made sure it was to be herself. He had looked at her, he had spoken to her, as he had never looked or spoken to Trix. His color had risen like a girl's at her ooming—she had felt his heart bound as she leaned on his arm. And it was Trix, after all! She laid her arm upon the windowsill, and her face down upon it, feeling sick—sick—that I should have to write it!—with anger and envy. She was Edith Darrell, the poor relation, still— and Trix was to be Lady Catheron. " A pretty heroine!" cries some "gentlereader," looking angrily up; " a nasty, envious, selfish creature. Not the sort of a heroine we're used to." Ah! I know that—none better ; but then pure and perfect beings, who are ready to resign their lovers and their husbands to make other women happy are to be found in books, and nowhere else. And thinking it over and putting yourself in her place—honestly, now!— wouldn't you have been envious yourself ? CHAPTER IX. ALAS FOB TBIX! " And after to-night we will have a rest, thank Heaven! and my pilgrim-. age will come to an end. A fortnight at Powyss Place before/you go up to London, my dear Mrs. Stuart—not a day less." Thus Lady Helena Powyss, eight days later, seated luxuriously in the first-class carriage, and flying along by express train between Dublin and Kingston, en route for Cheshire. They had " done " the south of Ireland, finished the Lakes, spent a pleasant half-week in Dublin, and now, in the light of the May afternoon, were flying along to meet the channel boat. Captain Hammond was of tbe party still, and inoluded in tbe invitation to Powyss plaoe. He sat between Lady Helena and Sir Victor now—Miss Stuart, in charming travelling costume, in the sunny seat next the window- On the opposite seat, at the other extreme end, sat Edith Darrell, her eyes rivetted upon the pages of a book. Since that night in the boat Miss Stuart had quietly but resolutely taken entire possession of Sir Viotor. He was hers—she had the right. If a gentleman is modest to a fault, mayn't a lady overstep, by an inoh or two, the line that Mrs. Grundy draws, and meet him half- way ? There is an adage about helping a lam& dog over a style—that work of meroyis what Trixy was doing now. Before she left her room on the ensuing morning following that never-tobe-forgotten night, Edith had entered and taken Trix in her arms and kissed her. " I was stupid and out of Borts last night, Trixy,"'she had said. " If I seemed churlish, I ask your pardon, dear, with all my heart. I was surprised—I don't mind owning that—and jerhaps a little, just a little, envious. 3ut aU that is over, now, and I do wish you joy and happiness from the bottom of my heart. You're the best and dearest girl in the world, and deserve your fairy fortune." And she had meant it. Trix teas one of the best and dearest girls in the world, and if Sir Viotor preferred her to herself, what right had she to grudge her her luck. Against the baronet himself she felt anger deep and strong still. How dare he seek her out as he had done, select her for his confidante, and look love in fifty different ways, when he meant to marry Trix ? What a fool she might have made of herself had she been a whit less proud than she was. Since then she had avoided him; in no marked manner, perhaps, but she had avoided him. He should pour no more family confidences into her ear, that she resolved. He belonged to Trix—let him talk to Trix, then; she wanted no other girl's lover. If he felt this avoidance, he showed no sign. Perhaps he thought Miss Stuart had dropped some hint—girls, despite their promises, have been known to do such things—and this change was becoming maidenly reserve. Sir Victor liked maidenly reserve—none of your Desdemonas, who meet their Othellos half way, for him. Trixy's unremitting actions were sisterly, of course. He felt grateful aooordingly, and strove to pay her in kind. One other thing, he observed, too, and with great complacency—the friendship between Miss Darrell and her cousin Oharley had come to an end. That is to say, they rather kept aloof from each other—beyond the most ordinary attention, Mr. Stuart seemed to have nothing whatever to say to his cousin. This was just as it should be; certainly Beatrix must have dropped that very judicious hint. He was glad he had spoken to her. They reaohed Kingston in the early twilight and embarked. It was rough crossing, of course. Trix was seized with agonies of mal de mer once more. Edith waited upon her assiduously. Mrs. Stuart and Lady Helena had a stewardess apiece. Happily, if severe, it was short; before midnight they were at Holyhead, and on the trainonce more. Then off—flying through Wales —whirling by mountains—illuminated glass stations—the broad sea to. their left, asleep under the stars, the spray at times almost in their faces. Past villages, ruins, castles and oottages, and at two in the morning thundering into the big station at OheBter. Two carriages awaited them at the Chester station. Into one entered Mr. and Mrs. Stuart, Sir Victor and Beatrix ; into the other, Lady Helena, Edith, Charley and Captain Hammond. They drove away through the quiet, quaint Chester, " rare old city of Chester," with its wonderful walls, curious old streets—looking like set scenes in a theatre to American eyes—glimpses of the peaceful Dee, glimpses of Ourson Park, with it's stately villas; away for miles over a country road, then Ohesholm at three in the morning, silent and asleep. Presently an endless stretch of ivied wall appears in view, enclosing a primeval foreBt, it seems to Edith; and Lady Helena sits up and rubs her eyes, and says it is Catheron Royals. The girl leans forward arid strains her eyes, but can make -out nothing in the darkness save the .long! line of wall and waving trees. This is to be Trixy's home, she thinks—happy Trixy!- Half an hour more of rapid driving, and they are at Powyss Plaoe, and their journey is at an end. They emerge from the chill darkness of dawning day into a blaze of light— into a vast and stately entrance hall. A long file of servapts are drawn up to receive them. And Welcome to Powyss Place," Lady Helena says with a kind of 'feourtesy.', " I can t>nly wish your visit may be qs- pleasant to you as you made mine in New York." Without changing their dresses, they are ushered into a -lofty and handsome dining room. More brilliant lights, more silent, respectful servants, a round table luxuriously spread.-They sit down, forget they are tired and sleepy; eat, drink, and are merry; audit is five, and quite day, before they are shown up to their rooms. Then, hasty disrobing, hasty lying down, and all are at peace in the land of dreams. - Next day, somewhere about noon, Miss Stuart, clicking along in her narrow-soled, preposterously high-heeled boots, over a polished oaken corridor, as black as ebony, and several degrees more slippery than ice, lost her footing, as might be imagined, and came down, with an unearthly screech, on _ one ankle. Of course the ankle is sprained; of course everyone flew to the rescue. Sir Viotor was first in the field, and in Sir Viotor's arms Miss Stuart was lifted, and borne back to her room. Luckily it was near, or even Sir Viotor's chivalry and musoular development would not have been equal to it, for Trix was a " fine woman." The ankle was bathed and bandaged, the invalid's breakfast brought up—everything done for her comfort that it was poBBible to do; and in the midst of their fussing, having oried a great deal, Miss Stuart suddenly dropped off to sleep. Edith came out of the room looking pale and- tired. In the slippery passage she encountered Sir Victor waiting. "I have waylaid you on purpose, Miss Darrell," he said, smiling, " lest you should meet with a mishap too. A carpet shall be plaoed here immediately. You look pale—are you ill ? " There was solicitude in his face, a tremulous, suppressed tenderness in the commonplace question, a look in his eyes that had no business in the eyes of another young lady's betrothed. But Edith felt too fagged and spiritless just at present to notioe. " I feel well enough; nothing iB ever the matter with me; but lam rather stupid. Stupidity," she said, with her old laugh, " is fast becoming my normal state." " You will come with me for a walk, will you not ? " he, asked. " The park is venr well worth seeing. To-morrow, Miss Stuart's sprain permitting, we will all visit Oatheron Royals. Do come, Miss Darrell; it will do you a world of good." She hesitated a moment, then went. What difference did it make? Trix wouldn't be jealouB now. What difference did anything make, for that matter ? She was dull and low-spirited; she needed a walk in the fine fresh air. So they went on that fateful walk, that walk that was to be like no other in all Edith Darrell's life. It was a perfect May day, an English May day; the grass, green beyond all ordinary greenness, the fragrant hawthorn hedges scenting the air, the thrush and the linnet singing in the trees, cowslips and daisies dotting the sward. A fresh, cool breeze swept over the uplands, and brought a faint traoe of life and colour into Edith's dark pale cheeks. "This is the Lime Walk—the prettiest at Powyss Place, to my mind." This nras the young baronet's first common-place remark. " If you will ascend the eminence yonder, Miss Darrell, I' think I can point out Oatheron Royals; that is, if you think it worth the trouble." (To he continued.) 