: .'SINNING IN YAIN."' BY HARRY BLYTH, ; , all rights reserved. IN TWO CHAPTEB8.— 1. i Tbkt wcro both bosutiful in distinot ways, and tho ono bora no rcscroblahce to tbo other Nora Royco was fair and airy. Flaxen looks, ' largo blue eyes, and a slight figure suggested an etbereallain wkiob was wanting in the broader lines of the passionately, dark Hetty Molton. Tboy both wore seen to tbeir best advantage whon together. The very marked difference in their charms heightened the effect. Perhaps this ia why tboy had so quickly taken to ono another. Fortune had been as arbitrary in her troatment to them as Nature. Nora had no pedigrco to boast of, bnt she possessed wealth, Hotty could trace bor descent through tho centnrics, but could not always command a £5-uoto. Society gave them an equal amount of wolcome, for, after all, gold does atone tor lack of ancestry if thoro bo " good stylo " with it." At the timo this narrative opens, Hetty Melton was stuying with her friend's parents at their handsome country house in Devonshire. The soft fragrance of the second crop of hay illled the air. There was boating on the river, - which ran through tho grounds. Soa trips were to be bad within easy driving distunco. Sport was plentiful, and there wera delightful walks and rides round, them, to say nothing of the rich orobards, "junkets," and clotted eroaiu. It whs a satisfying olmngo from tho dust of Lon don. Thoro was much visiting and receiving of guests, so the lively Hetty had no cxcusu for complaining of dulncss. Indeed, she would been completely happy but for tho pang which tho contrast between her friond's wealth and her own necdlinesB occasioned. Her hopo was a rich marriage, and this, she promised herself, was far from being en im possible contingency. It wes gratifying for her to seo that Nora persistently left tho field to herself when desirablo men were in tho houso. This attitude on the part of her friend puzzled her not' a little. She considered it quite at variance with a girl's proper instincts. But then she had always looked an Miss Royce as being a simpleton, and ono easy to beguile in any reckoning. " Tho day will bo gone beforo we start," sho said with petulance ono iino morning, as she sat watching Nora busy at ber pretty littlo writing- desk. Hetty bad been dressed for quite a quarter of an hour, so there was some reason for her show of impationce. ' 'Wo Rhall never get to Barum and back in time for lunch." " Ob, yes, we shall," returned Nora, turning her bright face up. " I shan't be a moment, dear. I must finish this letter." " Thoro will bo timo enough for that later on. The beg is not collected uutil four." " There are some letters," was tho grave answer, " which one does not caro to truBt in the bag — some, you know, Hetty, ono prefers to post oneself." " Only love letters." Hotty spoke with con tempt aud tossed her raven head. " Be that as it may," laughed Norn, "I have finished now, and it won't hike mo two minutos to dress." Slio was as good as her word, bnt then she had only to put her bat on. During tho drive into the old town they chatted together merrily, and the subject of the lettor seemed to be forgotten by both. At the nost oflice Hetty's keen eyes watched the . missivo as it dropped into the box. " There !" sho exclaimed, " I was right after all. It is a love letter. I saw . Esquire ' on thaback. " Well," answered Nora calmly, " supposing it is P Surely, I may havo my littlo ' affair ' as well as anyone else. Besides, papa and mamma know all about it." " What a sly wrctoh you are," said Hetty, you have never breathed a word of it to me." " I wanted to give you a surprise. He is coining down here in a few days. I hope you will like him." " Tulto care be does not like me," returned iHotly ji stingly. " Of course, be is baudsame, rich, aud all that sort of thing." " You don't suppose I would engage myself .'to aalown," said Nora iu tho same bantering spirit. " Not ono has over met Georgo Fairfax and not lilted him." A pallor worso than that of death spread over Hetty's faco. For a moment sbo felt that her seuscs had left her. All was so dark. She so quickly recovered that tbiB brief emotion was unnoticed by-her companion. " George Fairfax," shu repeated, " I think I was introduced to liirn at the Wises'." " What fun," cried tbo delighted Nora, " I am so glad you know ono anotbor. It will be a surprise to liim to soo you hero." ' It will," was tho emphatic rejoinder. " What a dull hole this Barum is," she went on, " I shall bo glad when you have done your shopping. 'Thcso narrow streets boro me terribly." 1 "You don't took well, dear. How impatient you wore to got hero, and uow you are in quite a big hurry to get home. _ I have done all I wanted to do. Wo will drive baok at once." " Did you only come here to post that letter r" " That's all." "Thon," oaid Hatty, sarcastically, "you can never havo had a lover before." " I should have married Gerald EiWin," was tbo quiet reply, tho voice shaking a littlo with emotion, "but ho died. It was a groat sorrow to me. But God has been good to mo. He has helped me to forget a little." i " I could not love moro than onco," dcolered iHotty decisively. There was a queer gleam iu fficr cyos as sho spoke. Back again in tbo bouse, and alone for a little in her own room, the girl gavo expressiou to the feelings which held and swayed ner. She did not speak her feelioga.aloud, for folks out side a lunatic asylum rarely do. Hor thoughts took pretty much this/form. " Why couldn't she have left George Fairfax alone ? No wonder sho baa been so indifferent to every man about this jllace. Sho says sho is engaged to him, This engagement, if there be cue, must be of recent date. Only two short months ago bo seemed devoted to me, and heaven knows I love him.. It is true he never proposed, but lie led me on — led me on to dream my dreams, He must be taught that he cannot play fast and loose with me in such a way as this. It is lueky 1 em hero as be- is '.coining. They are not married. My dear Nora, <1 am afraid you never will he Mrs. Fairfsx. To those who have shall bo givon, say the Scrip tures, but my love is worth ull her money, and ' sol will prove to him. To think that she should come between. mo and him. .Tbo very suggestion la maddening to me. How wicked ad evil I feel." In spite of these perturbing thoughts Hetty wore a debonnair manner at lunch, and dis cussed the merits of Mr. George Fairfax with much vivacity. Nora's father introduced the subyoot, and laughed merrily at his daughter's reticence on tbo matter of her engagement. " I like George," ho said heartily,, "and I am sure my daughter will be happy with him. By tho way," ho added, "biB friend Walter Gould is coming with him, end a little bird has whispered to mo tbat hu is a great admirer of you. Hetty." \ " I have metbim a few timeB," was the de mure answer. " Fosslbly ho may have good tasto, but beyond that be has nothing to recom- mend him." " You mean ho is poor P Well, that is so, but it seems extremely probablo tbat when his uncle dies be will bo a very wealthy man," . I hope so for his soke," said Hetty, Tho faot that Walter Gould was coming with George Fairfax was unpleasant news to Hetty. She knew tbat he would be for ever ot ber heels, and this would seriously interfere witb tbo oompletc monopoly of bis friend sho had promised herself. Her irritation made her be lieve that the Fates themselves were leaguod gainst her. UWhon the two young men arrivod, Walter's tentions to her loft ber little or no oppor tuiuty of winning Fairfax from the sido of INora. This was exasperating to tbo last degreo, Vspeoially aB her coldness only increased Mr. "Gould's ardour. ; 1 "Why, do. you persist in tantalising so? laid tho last-named gcntloman, ono evening, when he and Hetty found themselves alono «mong tbo trees. I "I tantalise you P" cried the girl. " Really, , " lHr. Gould, I don't understand what you mean." ......... 1 " Nonsense," he returned hotly, you know quite well that I love you, tbat I.am devoted to you;- Ono day you nro kindness itself, and the , next1 wo meet as strangers. This in not fair \- . treatment, Hetty, and I em too passionate to ... i tolerate it any longer. You hold my heart, i (Tell mo truly whether I may hope ever to win bouts P" | '! It isa rough wooingI"Bhe saidwith a emilo. | " But an honoat one," bo pleaded. "1 shall .never love again as I love you. Hotty, bo kind ' . to me. Give po the right to coll you my own to the end of our deyn." I He looked flushed, earnest, wistful. Sho was quite calm, and there nan no sign of alfec- , . ftion in her aold gaze. -. ' . . 1 , A "Mr. Goalil'jibojiaid, " I am sorry thin any such hopo in your breast. I shall always cherish your friendship. I should bo doing yon Vgroab wrong if I allowed you to hopo for more." A deopsigh escaped him. "I.am hoavily hit," he murmured,.. " bub even this is better than tho torturo of the un certainty I havo endured tho last fow weeks, 1 shall leave here to-morrow, and it is possible we may not meet again." " I shall always bo glad to seo you," sho an.' swered,' in a low tone, and thoy walked back ' to tbo house in silence. Sho was too restless to remain long indoors. She was glad to steal out into tho open air. again, aud ho with her own thoughts. By tho rivor sho met George Fairfax, who asked bor if sbo had seen Gould. " Ho wont into the house a littlo while ago," sbo ropliod. "I havo not yet congratulated you on your engagement," sho added ; " in deed , this is the first time we have been to gether since you hnve been hero." " Yos 1" something in ber tone mndo him search hor faco with interest. " I liopo 1 shall be able to felicitato Gould on his goad fortune. Have you accepted him P" . " No, How can you ask such a question ? Have you forgotten all that has passed, botweou you and ma ? It Is one life, ono love, with me." She put her nrm in his, and looked up into his faco pitcously. " Good heavens, Hatty," ho cried in dis tress, " do not talk in that strain. AYo havo flirted, it is true, but I always imagined it was Gould you oared for. Now that ho has como into money there is uo roason why you should not marry." , " You may despise mo if you like," sho soid, " but the truth will out. I thought you hail set your heart on mo, and the awakening from my dream is as bitter na death." " Poor girl, poor girl." Ho triad to soothe her with tender specebos. Beforo they joined tho others ho had kissed bor as a brother might a sister. " Ho loves me stiU," she said to herself ; " lie loves me still, anil I will win him yet I am glad I did not know tbat Gould has money It might havo altarod my answer to him, and I should havo lost George for ever." On tho following morning Gould returned to London, and, a few days afterwards, Ueorgo Fairfax followed him. CHAPTER II. " Walter, my boy, you look as thin as a latho and as palo as a ghost. Women have a splendid theory that men do not feci luvo dis appointments, but youraifair with Hotty Molton seems to havo knocked you over altogether." Tbo speekor was Georgo Fairfax, und tbo place bis snug chambers in the A1 bnny . . " I feel horribly seedy. The worst of it is I' can't drive ber out of my mind. I know I uin a confounded ass to bother myself any more about her, but I aaii'tholp it. Do you know, George,. I sometimes fancy she loves you." " I hopo not," was tho steady reply. " Funny how the obstinaoy of human liatura makes people do the wrong thing. Folks seem to take a delight in breaking their own hearts, just as children like to tear up their toys. I ain not sure that in the old days I might not have pro- Eosed to Hetty, but I always regarded her as olonging to you. Of course, you know you havo no rival in me, old boy ?" " Oil, yes. Unfortunately that does not help matters. Bilhoehas placed his yacht at my disposal, and I think of ' doing ' tho Mediter ranean. Bo n good fellow and join me." " Thanks. Frankly, I must decline. The love siok Romeo is never a pleasant com panion, and there's metal at home moro attrac tive. If Hetty had accepted you, you would not run away. You see I have Norn — " ' Excellent reason," said Walter, with an attempt at a smile, " and I accept it. The trip promises to be a delightful one." " I am sure I would enjoy it wcro I frco." His sorvnnt entered witb a letter for him. " Just a moment," said Georgo to hiB friend, " I'll see what this is." Tho contents of the epistle ohanged bis wholo manuer, sent the blood from his cheeks, the light from his oyes. ' Excuse me for a fow minutes," he said to Gould. " I roust answer this at onco. Don't go away. I may go with you to the Mediter ranean after all." Alone in another room he buried bis faco in bis hands end groaned aloud. Tho communica tion-bo had received was sufficient to upset a man of evou stronger norve. Tho envelope contained throe letters. Tho first ono ho read run thus The two notes I unclose explain them selves and need no comment from mu. Having your welfaro at lioart, I am an xious to savo you from the wiles of nn unsorupulous flirt, whoso vanity is only " equaled by her heartless wickedness. Tho enolosuro consisted of two letters — ono in its own envelope addressed to " Miss Nora Royce." It had passed through tho post ui.d bad keen opened. It wus from a man who signed himself " Gerald," and it contuined terms of suoh passiounte devotion as only an accepted lover would venture to pen. The other was without any covor. It was in Nora's hand writing, which Fairfax knuw su well. That too, breathed affection in every lino. The evidence of Nora'a faithlessness seemed over whelming to him. The blow was a crushing ouo. It wns his naturo to act on the impulse of the moment. The note addressed to hor end the ono Bhe hud written he immediately despatohed to hor, accompanied by o torso requeet for on explauu- To Walter Gould bo said, " I have had some news which has upset me. I shall be bad com pany for you to-day, so you had bolter leave lue to myself. I suppose you won't start for a fow days. Give me to tile eud of tho week, and then I will say whether I oau go with you or not." Gould thought it unwise to press for any explanation then. So he left his frioud with a shake of the band, which was intcuded to bo sympathetic. As quiekly as the postal arrangements would allow, Foil fax received a reply from Nora. It was one calculated to convince him of her duplioity. Sho thanked him for returning to her the two letters whioh had boon stolen from her desk. She requested that he would also lot her have back the diamond brooeb which bad been taken at the same time. Ho tare the missive into fragments, and wroto a fow hasty Hues to Welter to the effect that ho was quito ready to start at any moment. "What has happened between yon and George ?"said Hetty to Nora one moruiug ; "I am sure you have had a quarrel." "No quarrel," was hor sad reply. "Wo have parted for evor. Ho has been guilty of a vory monU( trick. I havojnothiug but contempt for " Don't talk like that," Hetty oried " ho will come down hero, end all will bo oxplaincd." " Ho cannot come down here/ Ho has gono abroad." - Hetty sank into a chair. " Gono abroad ?" she repeated, in a hopeless voice, "Why didn't he come here first ? Whoro has he none to P" "I do not know. I do not want to know." Nora's silent grief was sad to seo. As the days passed, she grew thinner, and moro hollow bocamo her eyes. Hotty suffered in a different way, andperhapaharder, for aha had to assume a lively' manner sho was far from feeling, Tbo possibility of George Fuirfax ping away had never occurred to her. ' Sho i ad schemed to separate him from Nora, aud win him for herself, and uow sho was farther from her goal than ever,. Ho had nothing of moment to keep him in England. He might remain away for years, or even settle ebroud. It added moro gall to her bitterness of spirit to learn that Walter Gould had accompanied him. She had lost both when she thought her self most olovor. \ i Nora's fragile frame bore up badly over this, hor second love disappointment. The dootors had to be called in, and a variety of remedies were triad, and in vain, There were no drugs that could kill the canker eating away her brain and preying on her heart. Finally the inevitable "change of seeno" wns recommended, and a sojourn in tka island of Sicily determined on. Mr. Royco begged Hotty Melton to ac company his daughter, and this young lady very gladly accepted tho offer. Bhe needed something to distract hor gnawing thoughts as much as the acknowledged invalid did. Thoy had not been many days in Falormo boforo they cama facoto face with Walter Gould and Georgo Fairfax. Tho latter turned his oyes in another direc tion, hut AValtvr remained a minute or so in conversation with them. ' Wo muot clear out of here," said George, vUenhio friend rojoinojl him, " I oan't breathe tho same atmosphere with that girl." / - "My dear Fairfax, "returned tho other, "what your dispute with Miss Royco muy be I do not know, for you havo not thought it wiso to enlighten mo on that point. I havo scon the girl 1 iovo, and 1 am going to make a second attempt to win her. I shall stay hore a mouth. If you caro to cruiso about duriug this interval do eo by all moans. Hero I remain." " Plain epcaltiDg at all events," said Goorgo. " You may remember that thoro was someone who cursod his ' candid friond,' but I am not likely to take thnt course with you. I shnll return to tku yacht at once, and — wall, I wish you bettor luok with your marrying scheme » -- J — mrinfjt ft — " Good," laughed Walter, " bat don't forgot to call for me this day month or thorcqbouts.' - : That oveniug ho cnllod. on tho two girls'. Hotty's Orst question was, " What have you done with your friend P" " Ob, answered AVnltor, " ho does not care for Palermo. - Ho has sailed away." ' Hetty's heart fell at this news. It had no visible effect on Nora. Sho fait that there could bo no future for her with Goorgo Fairfax. The shocking obnngo whioh had como over Nora deeply excited Gould's sympathy. Ho paid her oonsidernblo attention, and in tho ex cursions they mado daily afterwards he wan always at her side, rendering her a thousand- and-ono little sorvicss. His behaviour excited all the irritation and jealousy in Hotty's nature. She began to think thnt after all sbo oould tolerate Gould, especially as he wns now wealthy. Sho was angry with herself for having rejected him. There seemed to ho nochanco of seouripg Georgo Fairfax. It was annoying to see Nora taking up ail Walter's time, Hetty wondered whether he had lost or forgotten liis old passion for hersolf, AVhy should both these men run after that " poor ghost of a thing." Nora ? "You look wondrousiy well, Mr. 'Gould," she said to him ono afternoon, as thoy sat watch ing tbo bluo sea kissing tho yellow stonos. Nora had felt too ill to go out with them. " It 1r not long since you wcro quite melo- dramio iu your misery. I suppose n man is never really ' heavily hit,' as you call it." Bholmd turnod tho conversation in the pre cise direction ho wishod. " To bo candid with you , Bliss Molton, I felt your rejection keenly. I sudor from it still. Suroly you will not wish to seo ono whining ovdritP I can onduro and hoar as a man should." " Has the world not yet taught you novor to tako a woman's first refusal as a final one P" Sho drow hcrsolf.a littlo olosar to him as she spoko. " AVhioh means— ?" ho spoko slowly. " That I havo folt as much pain ns you. I would nob givo you the same answer now as I did then." AValtor did not lot bis golden moment slip. Ho put his arm round her and kissed hor with n forvour that ilushod hor ohdeks and tangled hor hair. " You love mo thon P" be cried, catching hiB breath with difficulty. " Yes, and 1 always havo." Though it was not so, 'sho believed at that moinontsho spoko the truth. "Thoro is ono thing you muBt do," sho added after a littlo ; " yon must bring Georgo Fairfax back to Nora." " I fear that is boyond piy powor. Ho has novor takeu mo into his'coiiUdenco over this unhappy enstrangcmeiit. Ho is quite resolved novor to see hor again, and she evidently does not wish to ecu him." " Nora hns told mo ovory thing. 1 have mado somo inquiries myself, and I am sure, AValtor, if wo put' our heads togothcr. wo can mako thorn once more happy. I want it so much. I am tired of seeing her so ill aud wretched. I would giro muoh uow to undo tbo wrong that bos boeu done. Nora was engaged before, you know, ut least you don't know, for Nora never talks about it to anyone. It is a closed subject. Gerald lSlwin was ins name. Ho died suddenly. At tho timo it seemed to break her heart. Sho fonud her own loiters to him among his papers, and these, with the ones ho had sent to her, she cherished. Someone, who bad an ill-will to Mr. Fairfax, took ono of each out of bor desk und sent them to him. There were no dates on them, aud oven on the envelope con taining ono the postal mark, was unreadable, as oftcu happons. Mr. Fuirfax naturally con cluded that those communications were of recent origin, and ho saut them haetc to Nora with a s.«irp note, Tiio poor girl qnito as reason ably conoludcd that ho had tampered with her desk, and bnd etolen the notes. So it is ill this way tbat this trouble has como about. Sco him and tell liim this. Bring bim to ber. I wont to sco them happy uow— now that I have you." " I should like to got bold of this scoundrel who played the dirty trick," declared Walter. " 1 shall only be too glad to ho the moans of making matters right between Georgo and Miss Royco. Poor follow ! Ho has suffered almost as much as I have. As for Miss Royce, it is easy to see that a reconciliation will suve her life. Fairfax will be hero in a fow days now. We must wait until he arrives. Ah I don't kuon where ho is. it is impossible fan me to communicate with liim." For. a moment Hetty's face was a study in pcrploxityi Had sho impulsively mado a false liiovo P A littlo consideration determined her that, sho had. It wns too late now to go baok, and she mado borself as happy as she could In tho tenderiiess which Walter showered 'on her. Norn received the nows of her friend's engage ment to Mr. Gould with genuine pleasure tinged with tiio mournfulncss bogetton of licr own deep and bitter aorrow. It bad been agreed that nothing should bo said to her about the purloined letters uutil Georgo Fuirfux himself appeared on tho scc.no. AVheu at Inst lie arrived at Falermo, ho listened to AValter Gould's explanations with mnuifest concern. "1 Unvo wronged the poor girl deeply," lie said, "and she, quite unknowingly, has wronged mo, I will go to nor at once." Tho twofrioiulswoiitogotker, and thoy found Hotty aud Nura by themselves. \ " I havo come," said Goorgo, " to bog your forglvoness, Nora, for tho wioked doubts I had about your fni(hFiilTie« tome. You havo also nuraoa . wrong notions about me. Thoalouds that havo bean between us can now be dispelled by my friend here. Wo huvo been playing at oruss purposes. I am hopeful that to- duy will bring us tho old brightness bnok again." Nora looked gladly up at liim, Had they bcou alono it is more than probablo a reconcilia tion would havo been effected without the aid of either Mr. Gould or Hetty. AValtor repeated substantially tho story ho bad been told by the last-uainad young lady, Nora was silent until bo had finished. Then, with stiddeu and unexuectod vigour, she crietL— . " AVho cxpluined all this to you P" Hetty made a movement toprerentBIr. Gould from answering, but he did not see it. "AVhy, tho dearest littlo woman in tho world — my wife that is to ho — Hetty Melton." "Then," declared Norn, "alio, and she alone, must be tho thief. No ono, except tho person who robbed me and mysulf aver knew of my loss. Ob, Hetty, Hetty," moaned tho girl, breaking down, "how could you ho so wickedly eruel P You must havo stolon my brooch, too, and you know how I prized that." The men guzed at each other despairingly. This denouement was totally unoxpcolod. Hotty Melton drow herself up toiler full height. Her oyes flashed flames. " I hnvoxlona my best," sho said in a. cold, slow way, to reooucilo you and Mr. Fairfax. It scomB I havo succeeded. For my pains I have a wicked accusation hurled at'me. 1 think, Norn, that too much love has turned your breiu. Mr. Gould," she added, turning to _ him with quito a grand air, " I. shall rely on your help to vindicate my character. We had bettor leave these people." Before sho readied the door, Waiter f ollowing hor in a doubtful way, it was flung open aud the proprietor of the place in which thoy wero Btaying, rushed in, his oxoitomont being bound- loss. " Tho young ladies are to be congratulated." ho oried, " a thief has .boon into their rooms. But we bitvo caught bim, oh, yes, ho is caught. Ho was in tho apartment of Mdllo. Melton, and vory busy with her trunks. Ho had seeurcd this lovoly diamond brooch, but we were too quick for bim, and see, I havo it hero quite safe. : Oh, tho rascals, tho common things are not good enough for them." " Thank you," said Nora, gravely ; " that is my brooob." Hotty looked round her, haughtily. Curiously enough, all her scorn was reserved for poor AValtor Gould. . ,i "I suppose," sho said, in freezing tones, "you are not man enough to uocompany mo from this house, where 1 havo boon so grossly insulted." Ho said nothing. He contented himself with bowing profoundly to hor. She travelled baok to - England alone, probably aatisilod on ono point, that it is rather anirritating performance to sin iu vain.. 