OUR UNCIVIL SERVICE. MINES. MINES IN GENERAL. Seeking a Lode. THE SPOOK EDITOR PROSPECTS. The Department of Mines was instituted for the purpose of attending to tho mineral deposits of the country apd the cash de posits of tho officials who constitute it. The Mines is a vory useful Department. It costs the country about £200,000 a year. It is the duty of the Department to nttond to mineral leases and all that Bort of thing. We have hoard it mentioned- that Mines . men sometimes dealt largely in scrip, making good uso of informatiou received BE SAID FABE WELL. through official sources in these specs- We refuse to give the slander credit. No uncivil servant would be guilty of such a thing. Besides, most of tho Mines officers are rich men. A paternal Govern- . inent baa bestowed upon them princely incomes, so that there is no great temptation for thorn to deal in spoc paper.' The geological staff of the Mines Department is one of tho most capable and efficient in the colonies. The recent dis covery of deposits of fossil remains by a - member of tho staff proves this. If the said fossils afterwards turned ont to bo portions of the anatomy of a dead horse the discoverer can in no wi3o bo held . . blameable. The geological staff frequently departs into the country for tho purposes of survey. In this way the Jenolan Caves and the Town Hall foundations woro first brought to . light. Among tho Fossil Remains section of tho Mines is a 1 " palmontologiat." The poor fellow is ,l forced to carry this awful name abont with . him for the small annual stipend of £250. A man with a degree of as many vowoIb, diphthongs and syllables 'aa that should got at least £1000 a year. The staff also : includes' a " lapidary " and a " s'nperinton- dont of caves." lb will, therefore, be seen that the Mino3 pooplo are somo pumpkins. There is besides a Coal Fields Branch and a IMamond Drill Branch. When not engaged in drill, £ho latter put in tho time cutting gloss with thoir tooth, to put in tho front of the cases wherein the Government fossils aro kept. The Goldfields Branch runs into over £10,000 a year. Between £6000 and £7000 of this is absorbed by the wardens. WardonB on a ' goldfield are big men. So big that one or two of them brought on the only war that has over occurred outside of Woolloo- mooloo. We refor to the Eureka Stockade. Another of the duties to which the Mine3 office is supiposed to dovoto its gigantic 1 intellect is fcbo assaying of parcels of stono from ' country contributors. A " Constant Reader of the Brno o' Febeooit once sent down about a hundredweight and a half of stono to this office, with tho polito request that wo should take it to the 'Mines office for analysis. Wo cursed the " Con- ' \- atant Reader,'' hired a lorry, and took the sample round to Bridgo-atreot. Arriving at the. Mines office we delivered same ti>i.a giddy young thing with its pants turned up eighteen inches deep at. the bottom. Wo had luggod tho stono up several flights of stairs by tho sweat of our brow, and wo woro hot and angry with tho " Con stant Reader " beforo mentioned. "Say," weromarkod to the high- bred youth in the turn-up pants, " here's a bit of rock a man sont us to got analysed, will you bo kind enongh to apply tho door tost to it without delay." Tho high-bred youth shuddorod whoa wo draggod our cornsack forward. It was plain that ho would not touch it for tho world. " Hoah," said ho to an attendant, " weuiovo this parcel to the laboratory." The parcel was accordingly " womoved," " Whon can we liavo the result ?" wo queried, wiping tho sweat from our polished mahogany forefront. He looked at us iu unutterable scorn, and replied : "How tho dooso do I know; when it's weady, 1 s'pose." " Right," wo remarked. " We'll call again in six months or so. -Don't catch cold. Take care not to overwork yourself, sonny. Tn-ta." "Sonny" Bettled him. We' skipped downstairs leaving him loaning against "a cabinet in a fainting condition. One of tho tilings which the Mines De partment altonds to is mineral leases. If a man goes out to look for tho cow and kicks up a fortune with his foot, beforo he can reap the reward of his labor he must put himself duly iu possession of tho ground per tho Mines Department. If ho has found a reef ho can take up so mauy acres on lcaso and hold on to' it ns long as lin fulfils tho conditions of tho Act. Failing to do this ho forfeits his right, and anyone that wants to cau como along and apply for tho ground. As this procedure genorally embodies a heap of trouble with tho Department, it is not too frequently attempted. Apart ' from tho Sorvjco, a lot of healthy oxerciso and ahiusouient cau bo got out of mining. . Every now and then tlio thing becomes a crnzo, and if a man is sufficiently dishonest and clover he can genorally make a pot by salting a inino or booming worthless scrip. Of courso, there aro numbers of legitimate minors who go round in red shirts fos sicking and prospecting in tlio b«9h and, getting drunk in tlio towns and making- copy for li.ard-np pressmen, and all tlmt sort of. thing. . A good few fellows who go broke in Sydney manage to get sont away on a. f real pass to seek for gold. A largo, percentage' .. .of them return with nothing inoro than' ; HE DID NOT KNOW THAT THE STONE CONTAINED A DYNAMO CAHTBIDUE. sore feet. Sore feet aro a dead drug in the market. You could not realise 1 per cent. on them. Tho >Speok Editor of the Bird, ' having got the sack some time back for attempting to materialise two and Bixpenco when the cashier was not looking, decided on going west in search of precious motal. He was not particular whothor tho lattor bore the stamp of Hor Majesty's Mint- or whether it was in tho raw state as long n3 ho could realise on it. Tho Spook Editor had no previous acquaintance with mining, but he was accompanied by a young man from the Mines, who, having six weeks' holiday and' some particular information at his dis-' posal, decided on patting in the timo among the Mountains. Tho embryonic prospecting party provided itself with a' miscellaneous assortment of picks, shovels, tents, buckets, blasting-powder, and other essentials to successful mining. Whon they arrived at tlio railway- station, whore they had decided to get off, these amatour diggers discovered that. each, bad brought along load enough, for a camel. It was a wild and moun tainous part of the country, and " very sparsely inhabited. But tho Mines young' man, aftor glancing impressively around, " gave his opinion that the place was chock full of gold, and iron, and German silver, and other preoious minerals. Thoy camped the first night in a deep gully, be tween two rocky hills. Tlio Spook Editor was a bit scared.. Ho said ho was not afraid of the ordinary seanco ghost as pro duced by Mr. Hosking and Mrs. Mellon, but in seemed a dashed likely place for real spirits. The Mines young man shuddered, and remarked that " ho felt sure someone had beon murdered iu the vicinity." At this juncture a dingo suddonly started a most Mellou-clioly wail about a hundred yards away. Tho Spook Editor departed ' into tho tent and drew tho blankets over his head, regretting bitterly that he had not remained at homo raising tho dead, or raising the wind, in security. In this manner tho prospectors passed , tlio night. "Next day thoy climbed no less than sixteen mountains, des cended into sixteen gullioB, crossed four rivers, fell down a precipice, and trod on a suako, without coming upon anything more encouraging Mian a sweet incentive to blasphemy. They camped the second night in a wattle scrub. The ticks nud mos quitoes enmo out joyfully and in groat abundance to make them ns com fortable ns possible. Oil tho third day tlio weary fortune-soekors struck likely-looking country. Tho only dif ficulty about tho locality seemed to be . tiiat it was forty milo3 from tlio noarcst HU REMAINS HAVE NOT AS YET ; BEEN FOUND. bri.ile track, and tho sixteen mountains and. four rivers mentioned above had to bo crossed in order to get tho ore on a fair way- to crushing. In point of fact, the Spook Editor and his mate had struck an iron mino in tho heart of the Abercrouihio Mountains. It was a very good iron mine, and the one thing necessary to ho done in order to make it pay was to shift it within a milo of either London or Manchester, or Now York. Nothing dauntod, however, by those pre liminary difficulties, the party sot to work to raise stono. After a week's work thoy had ns much ns a ton and a half at grass. Proceedings wero interrupted at thisstngo by tho Spook Editor's friend monkeying about with a blast whon he didn't know it was" loaded. It was no uso looking for tho scattered remains. So the Spook Editor loft tho mine and came to town, intending to sell out his share, and buy and' stock a vegetable barrow therewith. That mine (and a good many others like it) is now on tho market. 