NOVEL, l e a n t C r o s . ' CHAPTER II. (ooimntnsD.) BY CAPTAIN CHAELES KING. I Ob, i, no. . by no mean?. X supposed you'd Elr like i',' said Mscnintr. ' I would 1 . , _ j: .. 3 _) - m. e. . ^ ... . Ii rather you didn't. That's all.' And Itjuuii nearly fell over him^slf in the Into tsinte and face ebout in a foot-deep |t tsd i-.cape before the Herr Bittmeigter jt; ctaige bis mind. ' Whom can wo j}. fer^aiit f I want a good steady mas, I St. M rgaa is fti from mend s r, there's Penuer : he aia't good I nothing elee.' Vi t» it oima 4 —* P«iti«r. a Ij.nsEDered, moony young barbarisn, ft eiidly to duties with whish be waa far fceiffiiiisr tLan the grooming of froiiol; ftudf and the tramping of lonely Itry-liceSS. And Sehrcmtn, redoubllsg • stildiity of his atteniione to military y, loec the lesa kept cp his freqaent t to the Morgans' quarter!, modestly Liaiing fline:lf at ih? roar door aad la- Ksurlj inquiring how the Here .Lieutenant I pi!^ the night and whether he ooold imffct ic tervc him dorinj the day. Pen- I w.v e.cs EufS.iiectly domcstioated to an- itlbte queriea hisistif, bat not lafrei.llj CottiEiice came to &es;«r«r the lilt's knock, and then at sight of the * ije Fr&nlein; Sohrarea'* maecer would jocsompli extravagant in preoision and Jbaoe. Within the week after he deike place the fcoldi*™ were csyjug pam ; wouldn't be dog-robber, but was kite Fencer's job ell the same.' And |iii i; »a« tbat Fesner owed much of bis lit'i to the fnggeaticn* of his bett»riicid j'nntrjroan Meantime, Krg. lira tod M.-s. Woods were doing all that i it their po wer to help about the honsr, |make luvitit. woman, who drroiid two L'i isiih morning to tbe lessoci of her i litilt ccei, had ioduosd Ooutance to iLit and Biiiy to her ae recruits in the Bevarten, and the o£S. erp, dropping In leiering to cheer the old man up a bit, II mhig ,o hold from h?m the fact that iTrtsiiirr Departmrn; had proved deaf to fcradsppeais in his behalf, were nsde i.it Lr.tcr evening fcya dsspatoh from pw.lrtrtoe Senator. The old Michigan pit ksd f till • a pull,'end Tin top him- J »ttt whistling down the line to tell tte glad news that he had friends at It jBSl d relief for Morgan will be pte- Jti,' wired the magnate. • Meantime, no Ipsge tibwed.' Tto could have fired this for mef iMctgan, grateinlly, with glistcnisg 'i, jour friends at home did it,' onw. Iistop, promptly, with pardonable •ato! bow ffiuoh rtining the friend at •Mini first to do. ' What they ought F now is to help you out with IJi^"-—other claimB; I doa'i mean N™VdoVJ. C0 z?l7l 0a T fc o n i "jfinr^i, ^t'piit.tze em —out tcm^, fix . it so ^ that you i wt ycu could hit til theee pressing things ' I® Korgan ! hi. first thought had been •r"; f , eoDl or<ter , a suitable head-gtoc. •Wffi = lonely grave. CHAPTER III. [" *i«er went out in storm and blaster, v-ngiide set m with reluctant flow ^to sautes, aw.pt clean by furious | -aarth, rerobtd in glistening white ft-"_l«pea forth through ragged rente «icy mantle at the »oft tonob of i!fr wlna - then, lulled by the plash of L; 6howe r we ; t to sleep one la M a y. "ill thinly veiled in white, l I , tfle ro B y breath of wakening dawn i | uatiji over the grassy biUows, io 1 aU Il7y i a oeof nature had changed, •^--icot-tillB met the sunshine clothed f '"'heBt green. Who oan we'- at could the exiles of the old .J-fc frontier? Howihose fair wo- P ^te lehtitsa little ones, seemed to , If^den after the long, long months -ioa when, snow-bound, they were ,x iU,m Ite stockade or limited to the ll ,,, of s »n»e straggling prairie post 1 ; f am e 'orth like bees they came to tutshine, the seftening air, the UtUe flowers trembling in i^ e along the eonthward slopes, and j tit 1 " 6 morcin,> U t e 111 May, perched »f nige of the steep bluff overlook- Constance Morgan had flung j IitiiT r r i PP liD 8 ttaneof auburn Bood etretobrag forth a pair of Pail '' arms > ^Oftw^ in very shabby Tii^? 8®' as though welcoming the riann- , th f, lowlands,-the dwtant ¥ " ^""ey oi the Mmi Ska. All i Tcfcf ,T et ehe ta d borne oa her white I ^ ton! Cariis ot Ba fcrn) y home, and W!tllo T^d h' t a mother. Irving J 5 18 t* 0 ®. there to 8 C " TOlio11 to his invaUd ofer h t T° yetl] i martyrdom and f were matters that had ^apathy even u a crowded g«- rison bent on getting all the enjajmeot possible ont of their few months of bone life. AU tbe previous cummer, spring, and fall officers and men of the aavalry, at least, had ppent in exciting campaign, and no man could tell how soon the order would coma returning them cnoe more to the field, leaving the wives and little ones to watch and pray. ' Make hay while the sun shines' seemed to be the social axiom of the cavalrj in those days. Enjoy the tqo brief days as best ye may, for soon the summer will oome, when all men matt work at their appointed trade, and seven months ont of twelve and sometimes more it meant separation from the loved ones within the guarded limits of the forts, a separation that, is too many cues, proved but the entrance npon that whieh earth, at leaet, is final. There were nnaic and dancing, play-acting and feasting, therefore, through the wirier at Ransom, and frequent exchange of jovial hospitality with the big-hearted townsfolk over and away at the trans- continental road, bnt there wasn't a day when somebody, from Tintop down, wasn't sure to drop in and have a chat or a game of checkers, or in the evening a hand at whist, with Morgan, who eat np in aa easy-chair and was made as oemfcftabla as wiliintr hearts and hands oonld devise, and Mrs. Vinton not only tanpfcc Lot and Billy as she taught her out, trot tioie and again sent tbc-m borne in yan»'nu newly fashioned, bnt with pardonable taeadaoity represented to be something gX had that didn't (It her daughter or h*r little Jim had outgrown. OoBBie'»" ole, « r eyes saw through the stratagem, .^d her soft red lips quivered as she fcjp^d the fair round check of the loving wo- »&n; who so well knew how to bless and comfort, yet rob the act of every hint of ohariiy. And stiEBgely, too, Connie s tc«nt supply of commissary was eked out by many a dainty s;.nt to Morgan's door from somewhere alongtbe line. No one e>er gave a. dieaer, or luneheon, or tnpper party, that long winter, without a remembrance of some kind for those motherless kids, oftentim6B including some comforting beverage for old Morgan himself. Even the tntier, whom the men called a skinflint, found means to ' chip in" unknown to Morgan, »ho didn't at all like him, and the surreptitious dozens of stone bottles of stout, glass dittoes of Bass and Budweiser, that had been smuggled in by the back gate during the last year of Mrs. Morgan's illness, never found their way on the bill. He had sent Connie at Christmas a drees of soft black cashmere over which the child's -womanly eyes had glistened, and whicb, impulsively, ehe had taken to her father's room, opening it before him and saying, 'Isn't it lovely? Wasn't i« just lovely of him ?' And then she was brought to sudden realization of ibis rancor towards the trader by the flush that overspread Morgan's faoeand the heavy frown -between his eyes. * Connie, child, you shall have it, of course ; you need it; bnt we can't take presents from Corran, He must pnt it on the bill,' be said. But neither on Connie'6 slender back ncr Carran'a bulky bill did those dress goods ever appear. She sent him a misspelled, grateful little note, saying how it touched them ell that be should have so kindly remembered her, but papa was 1 inflexible ' in his views about acceptina • presents * from friends they might never be able to rep&y;, and honest Curran,—honest at least in his decire to do a kindness to the tail slip of a girl with the big brown eyes and eubnra hair that made him think, he sometimes said, of a col'-— l0*t long years before, —uunesi Curran mistook W — tirely, thought her words Morgan's, and, mindful of some oaustio comments the big lieutenant had made anent sutlers' cheque* he sought to oolleot at the pay-table several years before, had all hi» Irish aroused and was made fighting mad. ' I'll rind him a resated bill, bedad, and out his acqueentanee intirelee,' said Oarran that night in relating the incident to some of the boys in the clubroom, whereupon that ne'er-do-well and scapegrace Briggs promptly besought him to take like oognizance of the first thing he, Lieutenant Briggs, might say, as he del- his ac- paired otherwise of ever squaring count. But the inoident bore its weight of woe to Ooenie, despite tbe merriment it gave the boy s. Acting under the advice ol his colonel B»dbi8 friends, Morgan was diligently turning over to the adjutant fifty dollars a month oi his scanty pay in order that etitios and creditors alike mUht know he wee doing all a poor and broken-down lieutanant eonld do to pay bis debts without absolutely starving his household. The balance west to Connie, and with this she was expseted to feed, clothe, nsd comfort the family, pay the cook, laundress, and striker. Morgan had no liie-insuranoe, aud in those days could get nono. Curran was one of his heaviest creditors, and-6oir&n; bad been perfectly willing not cnly to wait, bnt to open his storehouse or pnrse-srrings still wider for the struggling fellow's benefit. Only so macv dollars a month conld be parcelled out fer th'e butcher sad baker, tbe grocer and the conmtfsary, and Connie kept her books, and, aided by her lady friends, kept her accounts. But over and above all these necessary expenses were certain daiaties and luxuries which Curran had authorised black Mammy to dr«w for at the fitorp whenever the supply was getting low, and Morgan, insisting now on auditing the aocouats, oould find no such items on the bills rendered, and ithe truth came out Curran went off East just then, and Morgan did not write the letter hii heart was pouring out when he learned how in seoret the rough fellow had been so long his benefactor, but he forbade all such tnffio in future, and Lot and Billy fowled for oranges and raisons in vain. Christinas found their little stockings filled. Munj an army dmother, E ' t planning fut her own brood, had remembered the rnoihetiesa in the humble quarters down the row. Bnt no one oould tell whose hand had sent the rockisg-horse aud the big wax doll that were fonnd by Penner at the doo^ when he opened tbe house on Christmas coming. Suspicion attached to severa {heads, in eludingJ5n top's, ffivose head, by the way, had been cracked by a then purine; tho war, and a portion of whose sknU, so rumor had it, had been replaced by a silver plate, which led to his wearing a niokname and a wig. But one and all the accused established what Mrs Whaling once pronounced an alibi, < beoauf-e rhey had sent something elte.' Then tbey though of TroopeSr Schramm, now a finelooking dragoon, consummately at home in hiB business ; but Schramm hadn't been near the house for two weeks. A paymaster's escort wee needs d to convoy that official to distant winter cantonments, and Schramm had promptly asked to be allowed to go. This time he didn't say 'mit dem fellers'as be had in the field the kutumn before, neither did he add «once' or • alretty.' «Schramm was «studying cook 1 English,' said the first sergeant. The paymaster got home to his Christmas all right,—he needed no escort when his money wbb gon«,—but Schramm and his squad trotted in two days latter, after the turkey and cranberry sause were all devoured, so Schramm could have had nothing whatever to do with the gifts sent out from town So long as they had them, Lot and Billy didn't oare who wsb the donor, They beheved all the more in Santa Claus. It was Connie who thought aud wondered; it was Connie, alas; who Hoped and dreamed. Among the daily visitors to the boune Perry Thorton, second lieutenant of Manning's troop, had been prominent all winter and th»re wasn't a handsomer, blither boy in all the regiment when he joined. He was barely twenty-two, with a face almost womanly fair, and a form as slender and grac»- ful as a boy's could be. He rode and danced and sang well. He didn't drink; he wouldn't gamble. He was a soldier's son, sn enthusiastic youngster who had muoh to tell of noldiers who had won the V. O. or the Iron Cross. ' Now in Europe,' said he, «the < fficer is held as a hero who, at the risk of his life, bor« off a wou&ded; comrade to whom It meant death if abandoned.' The cross for valor, pinned on his breast by royal hands, was tbe least rowsrd to wbiih ha oould look. Joining tbe regiment just at tho end of the «ntamn work, and reading of tbe narro w etoape of Lieutenant Morgan on the way,Thornton's first longing was to make the arqnaintanoe of the gallant subaltern who baa so bravely stood by the humble recruit and got his wound in saving him. Down went his ideal to dust when a grizzled, careworn, sad-faced veteran was borne from the ambtd&Boe; into the homely quarters, end somebody«aid, 'The old maa'a about peteted.' Thornton conld *ot naderstand it. 1 In Bngland or in Germany effictrs and men would have been lining the way and standing ataalnte,' aafd be, 'for a fellow who did what Sr. Morgan did.' ' O'h, np there when he west deer-hunting, do you mean 1 Oh, yes, I reaember,— helping Schramm out when he got- hit. Te-as, that was all right/ said oae of the young gentlemen of the regiment, and in so faying conveyed the idea to the newcomer that there was {nothing in that sort of thing to excite remark. It was the rale, not the exception, in the American cavalry. 'We'd all do jatt as much,*—as, indeed, very probably tbey would. Bat Thornton determined he would cultivate Morgan, decorated or not, and ao it had happened that it was the 'plebe,' the newest* comer to the regiment, who speet an hour alaiost every afternoon before BtabUa playing oheokers with the invalid veteran, rarely noticing silent, busy Oonaie, who came and went, or aat beside them with her needlework, darning tbe voungsters' stockings or sewing on buttons by the dessn, yet saying never a word. Perry had no end of interest in his new profession, but none whatever in children. It was the proper thing for him to be devoted to the seaior subaltern who in other armies, perhaps, would have won such distinction, and he wrote with both pride and cotnpia- 06*cy to his friends at home of "his daily intercourse with a fellow who did what Beresford was V. C.'d for at TLundi. ' Bnt nobody out here seems ' to think;.it worth mentioning,' he edded. He was immensely proud of being seoond lieutenant in a troop whose captain had won three brevets -with tha regulars, and whose first lieutenant had done as n»oh with the volunteers^ both in the great civil war; but he hadn't been long enough in the service to find oat that brevets followed on the heels of the great Rebellion like rain on the boom of a battle, delngfng everybody who happenid ic be around. He found Morgan loved to hear of life in foreign ertnies, while no one else had time to listen. H« loved to talk, and so h« came. Hs loved to hear of oavalry campaigns duriug the war, and soon got Morgan to telling acd explaining, and so, little by little, lie oame to be looked upon as tbe sunshine of their day. He was ' pulling Morgan out of himself,' sad when tile spring came on .the' old man' was surely better, able to sun himself ob tha southern porch and watch ibe drills on the broad parade. Conoie was but a child. Who could have a thought for her ? And so here she stood this exqauite May morning, just bordering on womanhood^ as the sweat spring buds were bursting into bloom, and with yearning, outstretched arise, with a desper, fonder glow ia the big brown eyes than mortal had yet seen, goring longingly away down the distant valley, down along the silver windings of the - stream, fringed by the Iresh green of the: cottonwoods, away from the dull brown bfcildings of the old frontier post, away from barracks, quarters, and corral, away from its bustling life and oares and sorrows, away, from aging father, rrotn langw.^ a n a rnmi,iatr %oy. Come Morgan's heart, shining through ber steadfast eyes, was following the fast-fading dust-oload that told where the squadrons were marching sturdily away to drive the Indians from their old haunts down the wild wastes of !h* Mini Ska, and Perry Thornton liding on his first campaign. CHAPTER IV. The cavalry battalion had been gone only two days. Some few of the officers' families, well assured that it would be Thanksgiving in earnest befori they oould hope to see the campaigners again, had taken wing to the Eut and were domiciled with friends or relatives far from scenes which so constantly brought to mind the image of the kbsent husband asd father. In most cues, however, tbe little households remained at the post, assured by department head quarters that they should be undisturbed in the tenure ot their army homes. Morgan, whose health and spirits had slowly revived as the sun came northward over the line, had striven to convinoo Old Tintop and tbe snrgeon -that it would do him good to go, but was flatly denied the luxnry he craved and bidden to remain at the post. Tbe department oomroa&der; came cut to look over the field in early May, and told Morgan that he meant to keep him on duty at tho post all summer, in the hope that the autumn would fihd him E romoled to his captaieey. Then he might e able to get an order to go before a retiring board and so home to Ihe old State and old friends he had not seen for year?. Morgan thanked the kind-hearted chief 'for all his help and consideration, bnt his tired eyes wandered away over the ptairie to the lonely grave he often managed to visit now.: If it were only possible to retire for good and all, how willingly would he go and be laid away there-by Carrie's side, were,there only some provision for Constance and'the babies ! It appalled him to realise that they were dependent absolutely upon so slender a thread as his life; that he must struggle on, must exist, must suffer and try, at least; to be strong that they might not starve. If only those debts were paid, if only he oonld retire and take the children to soae quiet Eastern home, however hnmble, where they;mig v t be sent to school and where Connie :might receive the ednsation thus fer so utterly neglected, then Morgan could live on, grateful and almost content. He could surely get some clerkship, some desk-work that,would enable him to add a few hundred dollars yearly to ther aliowauoe of a retired dragoon. He did not begin to know, poor fellow, how universal was the theory among buaihess- m»t th*t old soldiers were unfit for business ol any kind. He wrote to Carrie's brothers again, saying nothing, of course, of how often and now mu'oh he had helped them in the past, and begged them to find some opening that would warrant his retiring. No answer came. He wrote again. Then Bob eent a few curt lines: ' ' Tours ree'd, contents noted. Tho't Wm. had ans'd or wld have done so. „ Business very slack. TimeB bard. No opening of any kind. H'd to disohg two elks >ast month. Better hang on to your present situation awhile longer. If anything turns up will let you kcoff. (to bb oowisiuau. ' Sr bro. afl'y;' What fun Laoian extracted from the superstitious whim-whams of his day, : the stories of ghosts and doubles, the spiritrappings and olairvoyants and magicians, and esoierio tbeosophies imported fromithe East. To-day we have our Madame ;Blavatskys and oar Mr. Steads; Mrs. Anme Besant is travelling in India in searoh-- of a religion for us, and apparently finding a new one every twenty-four hours; to the JK-ast, with its inexhaustible bazaar of magic and iipells, the West is agaiu turning in ite incipient seoond childhood; no dinner-table i« .free from chatter about palmistry, and oui-jo boards and crystal gszlrig; and:we have a physchioal Besearch Society with professional solemnity investigating it all, from astrology and the tope trick to the tranoes of Sln^ge the medium and the incantations of the village witoh. Where is the humorist who will invigorate as with hearty laughter over this iugubrious bnt intttfol theme?— ? 