RELIGIOUS NEWS. St. Petebs Cathedral.—Speoial eervioes wars held at St. Peter's Anglican Cathedral on Sand ay, May 20, the oocasion being the ordination of four deaoons to the order of priests. Hie Exoellenoy the Earl of Eintore with Major* Heabright and Crane, and Cap tain Milner were present. , Matins were chanted, after which the Revs, R. MaoDon pell, B.D., preaohed the ordination sermon. He took his text from Aots xx.,28, "Take heed unto yourselves, and to all the flook over which the Holy Ghost has made you overseers to feed, to shepherd, to tend, to guide the Oburoh of God, which He hath purchased with Hiaown blood," In the oourse of his exhorta tion the preacher made a short reference to the death of the Bishop of Riverine (Dr. Linton). The Church mourned now, he said, over another bereaved Diocese whioh had had so suddenly taken from it its master and ifs head. He prayed that the Holy Ghost might ohoose a_ worthy representative to suoceed one whose aimple and devoted life was an example to all, and who fell w hile fighting bravely in the ranks. Bishop Kenuion conducted the ordination eervice, and he was assisted by Dean Marryat, Archdeaoon Morse, Revs, T. Williams, W. 3. Milne, and B. C. Stephenson (Bishop's chaplain). The four deaoons ordained were the Rev, A. E. Green (curate to the Dean of Adelaide) and Rev, W. A. Moore, (ourate to Archdeacon Farr at St. Lake's), both of the" Diooeseof Adelaide, and the Revs. G. Griffiths and G. W-. Carter, of Broken Hill, in the Diooese of Riverina. The two latter gentle men were to have been ordained by the late Bishop juinton, but owing to the sudden deoease of the Bishop the power was delegated to BiBbop Kennion. A Communion eervice oonoluded the oeremoay. Rev. T. Spurgeon at the Metropolitan Tabebnaole.—The JSritieh Weekly of April 19, in the course of a report on Mr. T. Spnrgeon'a weloome meeting, say*:—"A orowded end enthueiestio meeting was held at the Metro politan Tebernaole last Thursday evening, when Mr. Thomas Spurgeon was formally recognised as pastor of the Ohnroh in suooei sion to his father. There waB not a single ■eat vaoant from floor to bailing. One of the first and best speakers was the Rev. F. B. Meyer, who gave Mr. Spurgeon a kind welcome on behalf of the neighbourhood. He said that the suooess of one Church meant the success of all, and that the more the Tabernacle flonriehed the more OhriBt'a Uburoh would rejoioe. Among those who had sent apologies were the Revs. Mark Guy Pearse, Arohibald Brown, Dr. MoEwan, and OharleB' Garrett, of Liverpool. Mr. Gar rett's plaoe was taken by the Rev. Jobn Bond. Mr. William Olney presided, and in intro ducing the new pastor remarked that his doctrines were not like those of some people— * Made in Germany.' He was a home-made artiole. At this there was great cheering and waving of bandkerohiefs. The warm sympathy of the andienoe was with the Ohairman when he Bsid —' Give Mr. Spurgeon fair play.' A kindly speech was made by the Rev. James Spurgeon. The Revs. Oharles Spurgeon, John Bond, and Frank Smith, of Peokham, also made speeches of weloome. When at last Mr. Thomas Spurgeon rose to spesk strangers in the meet ing must have been amazed at the passionate enthusiasm of his weloome. His speeoh was very simple, plain, and heartfelt, and several times one oould notioe as he-referred to his father that old members of the Ohurch were deeply affected." Death or a Sistbb of St. Joseph.—The Catholios of Jamestown have sustained (says the Agricultural and Review of May 23) a severe loss in the death of Sister Mary Sylves ter, Superioress of the local Oonvent and School of Saint Joseph. Thedeoeased lady was a native of South Australia. She entered the congregation of the Sietersof St. Joseph in 1883 and made her novitiate in the Mother House of the Order at North Shore, Sydney. Five years later ahe made in the aame plaoe the profeBBion of the usual life vows of reli gion. For a few years she was engaged in teaohing in several parts of New South Wales, at Villa Maria, Ryde, Eiama, and Berry, and was in eaoh plaoe a great favourite with chil dren apd people. About two years ago she was sent by her superiors to her native colony to work in the Diocese of Fort Augusta. For a short time she taught in the Port Augusta sohool, and finally about eighteen months ago was appointed Superioress to Jamestown. Here sue remained to the time of her death. The deceased Sister wherever ehe went was greatly loved by the ohildren. Though very firm in the maintenance of discipline, by her unvarying kindness and gentle manner ehe soon won the esteem and affection of her pupils. An unkind word never fell from her lips. With her own sisterhood she was amongst the most dearly loved members of the Order. Throughout her oareer in religion, from the beginning she aimed at high perfeotion. Acoomoiished, taobful, and gentle, she euooeeded in all she undertook, but from praise and notioe she instinotively shrank. Though never strong ehe was always at her post. Although it was notioed for some time book that her strength was failing, no one thought the end was so near. On Friday ehe taught her alass and superintended the sohool as usual. Late in the same evening she was seized with the pains of her last illness, and on Saturday evening ehe had gone to her reward. Dr. Moule, of Jamestown, and Dr. Morgan, of Laura, were unremitting in their attentions, bat ehe was beyond the reaoh of bnman aid. From the first attack ehe sank rapidly. Hers was a beautiful and most consoling death. In the absenoe of Father Rarlinger the last saoraments were administered Bbortly before ber death by Father Carroll, who was also present a little later, when she breathed forth her innocent sonl to God. The funeral, which took plaoe on Monday afternoon, was very largely attended by reeidonts of Jamestown and the distriot for many miles round. 