: lOEII fELL. CHAPTER!. . ; In the whole of Westmoreland there is not, perhaps, a more' beautiful bit of scenery than the Vale of Water thwaite, and yet there is no place in the wide, wide world which Harry Vernon, a few. years back; assorted to me he cared less to think about, and yet wb.h more engrossed and occupied his mind. The'ra it was, however, that lie occasionally had spent some of the happiest days of Ilia schoolboy life, for thither, during both the mid summer and Christmas vacations, lie was accustomed to run down from town,' where his father drove a trade and prospered well, not "in skins, of cats," but as a lawyer, to his old uncle, who not only kept a good table, but. one or two good hacks, which Harry was glad enough to mount-, when one or other of the packs of harriers was astir that were kept by. gentlemen in the neighbor hood. The little town or village of Water thwaite, from which the valley takes its . ninne, -is comparatively little known, although several good trout streams, besides ah average amount of good moorland for grouse, -might induce many to take advantage of its natural resources, and there while away their brief holiday, gun or rod in hand. Babbits, also, as in most parts of favored Westmorland, abound ; and so young Vernon, who knew how to enjoy most of the good things of this life, ought to have looked back with pleasure in after-time on the days lie liacl passed at Waterthwaite. Indeed, for several years he could never say enough in praise of his plesi- as many of ' his quondam school fellows could testify. -But few indeed knew how a few hours changed the whole current of his thoughts, nay, the whole tenor of his life, from an incident that befel him during neces sarily tho' last time he stayed at his uncle's house; ' ' ' Poor Harry ! wo were always chums, and to me albne lie intrusted the sad story of his enrfier life. Tho heat of , India, where he was ordered with liis regiment some years ago, '-finished him up ; he came home with a broken constitution, which quite seemed to give way, when, on seeking his father's house in Lon don, he was met with tho sudden news of his parent's death, which occurred a month' previous to his landing; and, almost at death's door, ho confided' to me tho events of his past life, a life, once bright, suddenly struck down, and apparently now ebbing away into eternity. How deeply was I moved after hearing the tale I am about to relate ! I first made Vernon's acquaintance) at school, and as we wera in the same class, conse quently doing the same work, and also both in the firr.t eleven, wo naturally were thr'own together, and acquaint- ance soon ripened into firm friendship. Ho was a tall, athletic young fellow, and his charges in football bo came a matter of history in the school after he had left. No one with a good heart could have helped liking him, though -there were some half- dozen bullies who were glad to hear that he would not turn up;agairi next half, but the school in general were grieved at his1 departure. He too felt sorry enough to leave the old place, where lie had experienced so many pleasant terms ; but go he felt ho must-, for his nineteenth birthday was close at hand, and it was high time that he devoted a year , to hard reading with a private tutor before going in for examination, as, to tell the truth, he cared more for his bat than for his books when with me at Penford under good old Dr. Williams. Tho half year came to a- close. On the morning following the breaking-up Harry ac companied me to the station to see me oft, as iry train started about two hours sooner than the: one which carried him to King's Cross. " Well, old man, the best of friends must part," I said, as I took my seat in tl.o down train for Yorkshire, - "Ah! but" I 'shall in a month's time be down at "Waterthwaite," he cried, as the train began to movo oft', " and I will . tell my uncle to expect you any time this holidays j you must come."'- "With a promise that I would if I cou d, which,: unfortunately, most un fortunately, T now believe, I was unable to fulfil, I retired from the.-ji- iwfibdow to the. perusal of, ; Vjny '.' penny paper. Little did I itriagiqe . that the next time I saw him I should see quite a different being from the joyous young iellow who had just now parted - from me.- And, curiously- enough, it was in another railway station that I saw him next, about a twelve- month after this, just for a few minutes. I was struck in stantly by the j groat change not only in h, is. face . but .in his general appearance ; even his walk was not the same. To my anxious inquiries, be" replied1 that" he' had' not been very well ; but I could see that something had happened, and that at the same time my questions seemed out of place, and painful to him. Although his manner was constrained, still the warm friendship he had previously entertained for me did not seem to have waned, and when I chided him for not writing lie said he- hoped; soon to have done with all book work, which had kept him much engaged, and that, when once in tlie' arriiy, he was going to try to get to India, ; where " you . will be sure ; to hear from mo all about tiger-bunting and pig- sticking, .and all sorts of queer adventures.' I never got a line ; and the first intelli gence I had of his having actually gone out to India, and having returned again after a lapse of three years, was fram" .himself, in/ a note scrawled ..in these words : "Dear Lawrence— T daresay you have forgotten me, but if so, it's my own fault. I have just returned home from India on sick- leave, to find that my dear old father a month ago n US OOIlJ II 1 vtuU lO wliw 1 lIVLt - A mil quite broken down : "the doctors give me little hope of recovery ; I feel it's true, and I'm glad of it. Do come up and see me, if you are still alive. God grant this may find you. Don't write, but corns at once ; do not disregard the 'wish' of a dying man and your old chum, Harry Vernon."'' . . As you may well imagine, I was awfully shocked ; and it was not until I was being whirled a way by a fa3t express towards London, with a small portmanteau packed with such few necessaries as I should require, that I was able to reflect calmly on my sudden and mysterious summons. I had almost forgotten my quondam .schoolfellow, inasmuch as nothing over servpd to coll him to mind, except, perhaps, an old cricket-bat he had pressed upon mo in days of -yore, and which I never now handled. At first, when I used to look out for tho letters that never came, I pictured him as a good type of the insincerity of this world.; but for a' long' time he, of all people, perhaps, had least entered my thoughts. But now, as my mii.d dwelt on the strong arid hearty young fellow whom I had once so intimately known, the memories of old days flooded upon me. Again I felt myself at school ; again I seemed to hear young Vernon's cheerful voice, and felt a glow of friendly exultation thrill through me as he " drove hard to the oft;" for - a sixer in an all-important match ; again I heard his hearty greet ing, and felt the hard squeeze of his hand, with which - wo always met again at school ; and now the tears started to my eyes, and all my old affection for him leaped up again .within- my heart. Never seemed a train to -go more slowly, but at last there. we were face to face.' I don't know what Harry felt, but I felt as though I would, if I could, have given all in ujju w unu, iiuu luitu a, beggar, to linve seen him then as in former days, when he could always, either in boxing or wrestling, lay .me on my back. But now — his fine form wasted away, his features pinched, and limbs shrunk — he seemed as- helpless as a baby. He started up in bed, as soon as he perceived me at the door, but sinking back again from weakness, he exclaimed : " Thank God! thank God! I knew you would come ; you are " my old chum still." Our emotion prevented more for the present. All through that summer evening I sat by his bud- side, and we talked of .mariy things, although every now arid then his valet, fondly attached to him, would make some excuse for entering the room, to busy himself about ' his young master's comfort-, while he im pressed upon us in earnest, anxious tones the necessity of . keeping quiet and not talking much, ' as it's agon doctor's orders, if you please, sir.' I forebore, of course, from asking if lie had any particular reason for having so suddenly summoned me to his bed side, apart from the excuse of old friendship and a feeling of loneli ness, now that he believed himself doomed to die. I seemed intui tively to feel that lie wished much to disburden his conscience of .some sin, or ease his mind by some avowal, before the grave closed over , him, and his secret perished with him. For tius must be a terrible thought to the dying, that if words which they wish to utter, are not spoken soon it may easily be too liite. How sweet a comfort it is, too,' tr/ have someono in this world, if only one, to whom one may with safety disclose the hidden trouble that, perhaps unnecessarily after all, fills the breast and pains the heart! Here, then, lay uiy poor old chura ; and his secret, if he lind one, I at once associated in niv mind with the wretched and changed appearance which I had noticed in him, the last time I had seen him, only a year after his leaving Penford. My conjecture proved right. Believing that I was the only true friend lie had in the world— his mother, poor fellow, died in giving him birth — he, after much hesitation, had, written to me in the manner I have described ; and now, after apolo gising in a most touching way for his weakness, as ho called it, in having given me so much trouble, ho begun to enlighten mo as to the true state of bis-sad case. His story, however, I shall give in my own words, as frequently, from taintness and ex citement combined, Hurry was forced to stop in his -narration. All his misfortunes occurred from that one- unlucky visit he paid to his uncle in Westmoreland, at. the close of his school career, and which he had pressed me to undertake .with him. As I have said before, would that I had done so ; I might at least have prevented some of the mischief. After spending, then, a month in town, ho had, according to arrangement, run down to Waterthwaite for an indefi nite period. Oh, how during the half- year had he looked forward to this visit ! His uncle always received him with open arms, and in his uncle's house he not ORly felt at home, but after the murky air of London, the pure fresh breezes of the country infused fresh life into his frame. But, what at.that time Ididnotknow, there was a greater attraction still. His uncle and aunt, like some others who have no children of their own, had about twelve years ago adopted and brought up the only child, a daughter, of a widowed lady, who, , at the close of her earthly career, earnestly commended her littlo darling, then in her sixth year, to the care of those friends she had best loved and trusted in her life. They not only accepted, but accepted with', joyful pleasure, both the treasure' committed to their charge, and; tho responsibility connected with it. Here, then, was the greater attraction. A young lady in her eighteenth year, M aud Hamilton possessed in an: eminent dogreo all those per-, sonal attractions and virtues, adorned with which woman has . but to speak, and with man, to hear is to obey. The beauty of her face and figure were but oqualled by the bsauty of her temper and her mind, ; I will not go further into detail ; suffice it that Harry thought her perfection, itllU X' til W tljr o KlU U££(l u J-Lill 1 jr « J UUJ, ment perfect. Poor Harry, with his frank and hearty manner, was riot one to long conceal his love, not that any thing had openly as vet been said, but guardians of a treasured daughter are seldom blind. In point of fact, they had for some time past discussed the ques tion, and agreed, that could they see these two united they would have no anxiety about their darling's future, when they themselves had gone. Be tween Harry and Maud, however, thero was no anxiety, no misunder standing, for Harry knew that if ho could once obtain his aunt's and uncle's leave he had no need to search her heart, for Maud, who, with woman's instinct-, felt the depth and intensity of Vernon's love, that showed itself in a thousand ways, found that. she. too at length could no longer call . her heart her own. Ho had at last, and that, too, during this very yisit, opened out his heart to her, and she in return had artlessly and simply told him all. As Harry said, that evening was the happiest of his life. How soon was the joyful dream to.. be dispelled, how soon the cup of sweetness to be shat tered in his grasp ! It was a few days after this, towards the close of a brilliant August, that Harry one ey.ening sauntered across his uncle's grounds, and then, with quicker steps, commenced a walk of one mile towards a small copse at the foot of Moriey Fell, which towered up abruptly to the skies nn. the side nearest to the wood, although still quite passable by a young and active man, whilst, on the other, an easier slope made that side tho one gene rally preferred by all who wished to gain the top, whence a varied and extensive view might be gained ; and to those who know England, both Cumberland and Westmoreland cer tainly carry off the palm for such can bo obtaiued from Moriey Foil. Both the copse and a few surrounding acres, together with the steeper side of the fell, belonged to old Mr. Vernon, and now his hopeful nephew was about to test a new double-barrelled breech-loader— one of the- many instances of his ' uncle's kind and generous interest — -upon tho rabbits, that had it all their own way at Moriey Fell from time immemorial. Naturally, therefore, expecting good sport, lie was much chagrined and surprised, after skirting two sides of the wood, and nfter vainly peering about for some-ten minutes or a quarter of an hour to find that-, despite numerous traces of the little fellows, not a rabbit was to be seen. " Somebody must be about," was his muttered exclamation as lie plunged into the wood : and coining out, after a three minutes' scramble, on the other side, facing the fell, sure enough there sat a man, appa rently tying up a ferret or two in a bag, whilst a powerful lurcher was regarding with interest some half- dozen rabbits lying at his master's-feet. There were not more than one hundred yards between them ; and no sooner had Vernon advanced twenty paces, than the clog sprang to his feet with a deep growl ; not less speedily did the man seize his string of rabbits in one hand, and a stout cudgel in the other, and spring oyer a low- stone wall close at hand, followed by the lurcher, where he turned round to see tho extent of his danger. Apparently satisfied that there was not much, as he saw but one man after him, and that not a keeper, lie threw' down his rabbits again, and calling bis dbg close to his heels awaited Harry, who, excited to greater wrath by see ing the fellow flee, a fact which utonce stamped him as a ti espassor, had put. on a regular spurt to come up with hitn, and now arrived at the wall some what puffed, and in anything but a good humour. " Holloa 1' you fellow, what are you; doing here, giving me all this bother ? What do you mean by it ? . Do you know you're trespassing ?" He jerked out. The "fellow;" a powerfully-built and ruffianly-looking vagabond, evidently puzzled, what to answer, grasped his stick ail tho tighter, and then growled out, "I warri't a-raedlin of you." "Confound you! I never said you were. What's that got to do with it? You're trespassing; you know you are. I'll see about this. What's your name I ' " My nnmo, be darned 1 " shouted the fellow. " What's yourn ? What leet have yor a-coomin' about more an mo? I'se gotten these ' ere rabbits, and I means to keep 'om,".he added; as he once more laid hold of them, and seemed about to' depart. " Drop them ! " roared Harry, as he mounted the jwall. " If you take a single rabbit"- ".T£ yer tooch roa rabbits, Sandy shall throttle yor," roared back the villain with equal energy. " Hie at em, seize em, .'my lad Sandy 1" lie cried again a3 Hurry sprang from tho wall. There were only a dozen paces between them now, Vhon the savage beast, without any warning, sprang with the fury of a maniac from its master's side at Horry. It was 'all over in a moment. A puff of smoke, a sharp crack, and there they stood, a remarkable picture. On one sido was Harry, his pieoe presented full at the man's head ; on the other was the poacher, literally rooted to the spot with fear, anger and amazement com bined. Between them lay the ferocious Sandy, breathing out his last gasp, shot right through the heart-. How liko Vernon it was ! His boldness and decision did- noD desert him at a pinch like this, arid I believe really saved his life.. Harry siud- afterwards : "Pluck I 0h, it wasn't- pluck ; I did it '.without thinking of:it." > But it is just that pluck;- in my estimation, which shows itself how, when, or where; as occasion requires, and which is not wanting in the hour of /.need, which: I really call pluck. " By thou ahalt pay for this !" at length cried his opponent, ridivancing. a foot and swinging his club. " Another step, and you are a dead man," now came in hoarse but earnest tones from- Vernon's mouth. " You would kill me if you ooulcl," he added, '-(I « m T r% 1 % .» 11 Anf 111 of. n e C\ shot your dog, in self-defence, if you don't tako yourself off immediately." . Completely cowed, not only by tho words and determined voice, but more, perhaps, by the whole: attitude and un flinching eye, which 'threatened him with instant death, the fellow imme diately backed a few paces, and sloping' off until out of range, he only halted to shout out -somebittor oath before disappearing zltouether in the distance., Harry ' t'uHjecl . : to exiiiriirie the dog for a. minute, " tremendous still in death,'- arid -thought' of the little chance at close quarters he would have had in a strugglo with such a beast, especially when a strong ruffian was by with a stake to give him no gent! e tup on the skull. He. then skirted the wood towards home, and getting one shot at a rabbit of course missed it, for his nerves' were, to tell the truth, a bit shaky now that all was over. -On the whole, however, by the time he got to his room, lie felt rather merry at the thought of- What the good people would say . about his adven ture at the dinner-table ; and at' dinner lie did tell his tale, nnd laughed heartily over it ; .but even his uncle scarce saw much to laugh at ; whilst one of the ladies— Harry was rather pleased than otherwise to observe— turned very pale indeed. , That very evening also Mr. Vernon despatched a keeper to the. place to see if he could identify the dog; but although the man searched diligently neither dog nor rabbits were to be found, only a deep crimson patch upon: the grass where the scene had evidently oc curred .... One week passed away, and Harry, at first really anxious to have a second interview with tlie savage who would have nuide such short .work of him, had already twice :visitod:lhe wood in company with the keeper; and his nnnta 4-rtrt r11 fr. ' r\f rnri'ftci'f.v t.ft SPft tlm UMVtw 1.VV, W. w».. — spot where 'the encounter had taken place, had once made one of the party. Three weeks passed away, and with them all recollection of tho affair, and Harry, shouldering his guri, once more found himself, towards the cloe. of a September day, on the outskirts of the wood; determined, if possible, to give the rabbits a warm farewell before he returned to town. -There were several rabbits out on the feed, and as he sauntered along, getting, now and again a really, good flying shot at the little beggars as they scuttled towards the sheltering furze, he thought he had never enjoyed anything more, never seen a more glorious sunset, and reflected with regret that this would be the last of his pleasant solitary strolls which he so much delighted in,. arid which it would be impossible to get elsewhere. Hav ing at length exhausted his stock of cartridges — not anticipating much sport, he had not burdened himself with many — and having strung up his rabbits by ones and twos to convenient trees, intending tosend a boy forthomin the morning, he paused on, the other side of the wood, rind gazing rather sadly upon Moriey Fell, he thus solilo quised : "Once more, and now for the last time, do, I behold thee ! Suffer me but to climb ; thy shaggy brow, and view around the scenes I love so well. Would I were thee, old fell, to keep a watchful eye upon rny darling Maud 1" Arousing him self from these sad and such like thoughts, and refreshed by the idea of a little muscular exertion, lie began to climb, but had not ascended twenty feet before, with a start and a sensation of nervous apprehension, he glanced rapidly upwards nnd then around, but nothing seemed to stir but his heart, which beat violently. "Bali! what a coward I am; I must- have been thinking of that afiair here before." But no ; his instinct, , as is often the ease, was right, and ho was wrong. He does- 'not see tho danger just at that moment, concealed . as it . is by the old stone wall, but none the less real danger -is menacing him, and now will he' have need of all his pluck, of all his cool decision. Had lie perceived and understood, the peril which-' was creeping fast, upon him, he would, not now have stopped to examine that fern peeping from out a niclio in tho rock, nor plucked the prettiest frond for some one he was so soon to leave. Look how he loiters 1 will he see his imminent danger in time to avoia io » . no ; neeaiess, ami with thoughts fixed far away, and mind intent for the future, he saw not, heard not. CHAPTER; II., Scarce hud lie set liis fobt upon the fell, than, issuing like shadows from the wood hp had so lately left, ; there came forth two men; speedily joined by a third. - " Well, Bill," .mutterrid. one of the two to tho last comer, " this is a rum go : our game's gone to earth some- whore." ' " Ay, curse him ! the bird's flown," responded Bill, who was nona other. ' than our- former acquaintance, the . master of the deceased Sandy. " I tould thee suld be o'er late; but I'll j be even wi' ein yet." . ; j ' " Hist 1" whispered, 'the third man clutching Bill by the sleeve, and point ing towards the fell. " By , there he goes 1" uttered Bill in great excitement. " Noo, ma j lads, let's all slip awa to th' ould wall. We maun keop togithor > he's a devil to deal wi'." . j Without more ado they soon gained the wall ; and had Harry gazed more earnestly, on looking round, he would have, seen them' hrilf-ooncoaled, : just about to slip over it. On they went;; they, reached - tlie fell j step by step,; each choosing his own path, ' up the side they crawl; carefully picking their way, and pausing to rest only behind the . larger : boulders; of rock here and- there jutting out. . They are desperate nieri, bent upon a desperate task. Reverige ipureV; and simple actuates one man— lie is ' Billy, He had easily induced his companions — his chmpanions in more 'than , one out- .rage -which might liaye sent them all swinging — to join him in his plan, a plan which: promised them some fun, and which, at any rate, promised one nf fliA tliitnn tlio nneefleei'nn aP o. nnnrl breech-loader. And now they are but a short way' below him. O warning instinct, warn him once again ! But instinct now-is quiet. All,' nothing-: now can save him .' On they stealthily creep, thoso lawless men. God alone knows -what treatment Harry will ex-, pcrience at their hands. How must liis guardian angels with pitying eves look on, that one so young, ,sb, promising, should "die. Gan -nothing- save .him. ?. . God; alone can save him now. Then let us be con tent ; if God is for him, who can be against him 1 Harry is climbing uri- conscipusly but pretty vigorously now, but the men. are gaining fast upon hitn. Already -they are pausing for a supreme effort before they make their rush, when, in the providence of :God, Harry, ia scrambling along, loosens a large stone ; he nearly slips, but recovering himself turns to see how soon in mad career it may reach the bottom. . An instant more, and he - had been too late. With a startled shout of alarm he sees two men only a couple of yards below him, and had lie not by some half-dozen springs, liglit and rapid as the ohatnois', leaped into comparative safety, they would have had him in their grasp. In that one glance he had seen enough, and more than enough, to convince him of his dangerous position. In the upturned face and vindictive eyes of the man just below him he recognised clearly enough tho villainous features of his old antagonist ; and now, as he rested for an instant to get his wind, he saw not only one but three men straining every: nerve to come up with him, and heard their eager shouts as they fol lowed in pursuit., Recovering his breath and his nerve at the same time, he now turned, and commenced to climb steadily, knowing the fatal consequence nf mm fn!sn stnn : hn tried hard and successfully to -steady his nerves and husband his strength by not giving way to flurried haste. So on they ..scramble. H's heart beats quicker as ho feeis that they are rapidly gaining on him. He is fast losing wind and courage, for, as they struggle panting nearer and nearer, he can tell that they mean no play. Suddenly his foremost pursuer halts, apparently almost beaten. . Now is Harry's chance once more to col lect himself, He immediately sat down, facing the man below him, and pulls out his flask — empty — every precious drop gone 1 Billy eyes him without speaking, but with the ferocity of a wild beast. Harry wisely does not waste his breath in talking. Billy is the first to move, followed by his com panions ; he does not plunge away now as he did at the beginning of the chase, but quietly and yet with speed works his way up. Harry too sets him self deliberately to work ; he knows that his only chance now is' to gain the top at least a, minute before the men come up, for he lias already had experience of the way in which hill-men can in an incredibly short time make their way to the bottom again, A very awkward and. abrupt .piece of climbing comes now, which Harry at any other time would have gladly shirked ; but the difficulty is past, and he turns with a degree of assurance . he has not felt before to see if it will in any way damp or hinder his pursuers' ardor, while he gains once more his breath. His breath is nearly all knocked out of him again, though, by seeing his pur suers strike off to the left and climb with redoubled vigor and seeming ease a path circling round the projecting rock, and which he wonders that he missed seeing, It was evident the men knew their ground, and poor Harry shuddered to think of - the con sequences if, by unforeseen difficulties, he is at length brought to bay.. The weary, phase once more .pro ceeds, Harry rather sickens at the thought of being hunted in this way, and -I am proud to believe his statement that in that awful hour he thoughtof and wished for me. He could hardly credit his senses — Londoner as he was — that all this was taking place in England. Once more he .halts, : and planting himself firmly on the ledge formed by a sheep- run, ho awaits the human hounds run ning steadily on the trail. For the first time ho challenges. Billy as ho draws near, and aiming his. gun, cries : "otopijii: you uuiue ou, oho 01 you must die." Billy's comrades pull up, but only for an instant. " Gun ain't loaded," ho sputtered out, knowing that Harry would have used the same persuasion long sindo if the piece had been really charged. Harry seized the gun by the muzzle, and whirling it over his head, threatens a smashed brain-pan to the first who comes within renoh ; liis higher groundj too, makes him look formidable. But the undaunted Billy, signing to the two ruffians beside him to' climb up right and loft, creeps a little closer, but quite out of Harry's reaoh. This .wan too much for Harry; that three men should make a simultaneous attack upon him on all sides in such a place must bo fatal to him, ho knew, should ho manage to dispose of even one or two of his antagonists. He : turned and fled. Once more he strug- : gles gamely on ; lie nears the summit | — the top is gained ; no ; the fell rises up still higher. His throat is parched, , his legs feel not his own ; climbing, I and such a climb as this, they i have not been accustomed to, Faint and in despair, he almost cives up; the thought of Maud, however, comes, to help him;; while there's life there's hope ;. 'lie springs to his feet, and now the real summit is close by. "With hands bleeding, clothes torn, blinded by his terrible exertions, and scarce hearing, with, a terrible singing in his ears,;ariother feeble struggle lands him on the top, At "full '-length ho lies for a few seconds, while the cold, breeze invigorates his exhausted ener gies; and then, with a murmur of thanks to God, lie hastily crosses the ridge, about thirty yards broad. As lie sees the huge stones and fragments of - rock scattered here arid there, he has thoughts of trying the effect of hurling them upon tho/ wwofMvoe .'hnliiu? f Ktif. .nrrn.in fliin kin rr ; that they must be close upon him-now, :and feeling quite unequal to the des perate tuBk of settling three men in as many minutes, ho dashes to the other, side, and, steadying himself by sitting on his heels, he begins to slide at a good place down the slope, madeslippery: by the short and stunted grass. . No sooner had ho got. well under weigh,; than his'pursuers reach the top on. the' other side, arid despite their anxiety to commence the descent-, Where, 'from greater practice in sliding, they -hope /at length' to attain their object, like Harry, they are compelled for. a minute to stop, before they resume the chase. On glancing below Billy'chances to see poor Harry in difficulties. He had been sliding along fairly well, when the ground suddenly became rougher, and loose stones more frequent ; he was compelled, therefore, to assume an upright position, and scramble down' as best he' could ; but as everyono knows who lias tried it, it is easier to start than to stop when once one has setoff. Harry was delighted at the rapidity of his new motion as com pared with the slower rate of sliding; ho had good legs, and kept his feet where many would have lost them;, but faster and faster he went ; his strides down the fell-side were almost ludicrous, had ' they not been so dan gerous. In vain he tried to moderate liis pace ; he went like the wind ;. he felt in another instant that be. would be dashed to atoms ; "his only chance was to throw himself backwards. This he barely accomplished, for he was almost powerless, but 'his heel catching in a small tuft of gorse at the same moment, he spun round like a top, and turning a few somersaults, he only came to an" anchor by laying hold of another tuft. Ho felt himself terribly bruised, and out of breath ; and per ceiving a warm something gush- inn rlnwn liin rthpelv n.nrl npftlr ' he found, by putting up his hand,' that the hard rock had inflicted a fearful wound upon his scalp ; lie had a large, gash too upon his forehead. Billy from above scarcely observed all this, before, : with the swoop of an eagle, lie rushed upon his prey; the other two men evidently feared' a like catastrophe with that of Vernon, if they". showed', too. much haste, and they, felt that, the matter was secure in Billy's hands. On looking up Hnrry, saw that he must arouse himself, or all would soon be over. The ground was here smoother, and he tried tlie sliding down again, direct ing his course towards his gun, which had been hurled from his grasp by the fall. Scarce had lie seized it as he swept quickly by, than, by the stones and rubble which tumbled pell-mell past him and upon him, ho knew that Billy in: another second or two would reach him. O Harry, you have struggled nobly ; do not give in now 1 But Harry's progress not only becomes slower ; he suddenly stops, comes to a regular standstill as lie crouches on a little patch of 'furze. He must bo lost. Billy, excited, furious, triumphant, comes like a thunderbolt upon him. Why, the very shock of a heavy man like that would simply smash liim. At the very moment that Billy, with the spring of a tiger, actually launches him self in the air in his furious downward course upon the very spot, Harry, by ri slight movement to one side, is saved. Billy makes a convulsive clutch at him as lie goes crashing by, and then, after a couple of somersaults in the air, comes down with a heavy thud, and lies motionless and still. Harry is upon him in a second, and, with up raised stock, is about to give him his quietus, sufficient at any rate to put an end to the pursuit, when, starting from the fallen form; he continues a headlong course to the bottom of the fell. The man's face had been to wards him, aod in the staring eyes and open mouth, from which biood was pouring fast, he saw death, death J How he reached his uncle's house ho knew not ; faint, dizzy, and covered with bloodj lie had a confused idea that two men were hard after him. As a matter of fact, he had been pursued for quite half a mile by Billy's com panions, now eager to despatch him, and to give them time to quietly leave the country, for a moment's inspection had assumed them of their leader's fear- 1U1 onu, iiuu wicjr uicuucu wio wuao- quence of immediate discovery. Poor Harry, ho hastened through the shrubberies, and_ then leaning against a little iron gate leading through the garden, he paused for a moment to collect himself, and thought of liis miraculous preservation. As ho passed his hands through his matted and blood-stained hair, the frightful ap pearance he must present occurred to his mind, and the necessity of gaining his room- before any alarm should be given to the house. He therefore be thought liim of the easiest by-path that would conduct him most quickly and secretly round, not through .the open grounds. With wary eye and anxious breast, he sped along,, and ou, sharply turning a corner, lie nearly ran, into Maud's arms. There was one dread ful scream ; it wub heard all over the place. "My darling, it's nothing, it's nothing," he cried ; " I'm all right ;" but as he advanced his face turned as into stone. With open eyes, parted and blanched lips, Maud seemed to repel him with her hand, and then, with another piercing and heartrending shriek; she fell sense less on the ground. At that in- stant there appeared upon the scene tlie gardener, a housemaid, Harry's uncle, and tho butler. Of course the housemaid went off into hysterics. They bore poor Maud indoors. Hit less than an hour she awoke to con sciousness, but not to reason. Day after day she would lie. and murmur': - " Poor Harry ! poor Harry !" Harry, poor fellow, returned that week to town. His uncle liad heard bis ex planation ; in his grief, Jiad pitied, re proached him ; had kissed him, and cursed liim. But.wheri, on sending a body of servants to the fell, no trace of the dead man was : to be found, lie broke out into bitter words of grief and invective, hard to be borne. "NTnt-.hfnrf wan t'n hfl hnrtrrl rtf t.hft f.hree — . 0 — - T- — - — villains at all; the. .scramble for life must have been an hallucination or an invention of Yernon's own brain, after meeting with an accident, which had : left such severe marks upon liim. Such ; a man asBilly had indeed;, been noticed in the neighborhood, and now most of I all when dead, he might; liave been expected to remain , for a . few hours on the fell, until lie was dis- , coyered ; but .he. was . nonjherq.. .tor bo j.fouud. Harry Ye turned "to 'his; sym- . pathising but perplex, ed and distracted father. Billy preceded him, to town \- by three days, afccompariied by liis allies, without .having qcconiplislied' : much during their jspacjiihg expedi- I tions in the country. He liore such I a mark upon his visage as made' ; him look more ruffianly than ' before the adventure, which/ had ! caused the breakage . of,, a blood- . ' vessel and temporary- insensibility. It is satisfactory to know that lie not long afterwards paid the penalty for being concerned in some fresh misde meanour against the laws of -the land | in which he lived. A certain deep scar upon his face gave" conclusive evi dence as to his identit', rind he wus transported for life. Harry yearned for the good news which never came ; Maud continued in the same wretched state. Before the year was out, to crown the misery which preyed upon poor Harry, his uncle died;;, he had never recovered from ' the " shock of that day, which brought such' wretch edness to his house. In answer to a letter which lie at length ventured to his. aunt, he. was told that Maud was under more care ful treatment tbnn his, and that she should prefer, to hear no more from a murderer and destroyer. /Young Ver non, for a few weeks, gave way to an indescribable melancholy, . and it was only through the , tender ; sym- puibiijf ui mo Atvyuci ui«.u uo ouivtvcu# He then devoted himself to hard read-, ing, passed a very creditable examina tion j and to his men and superior officers' alike in India, as a young lieu tenant, was only known as the strictest disciplinarian, and tlie sternest aud nio,st.uniDteresting:qoinpanion../in tho mess.. Tiie unhappy state of his mind had the usual effect . on bis health, and hence his return to London, and his appeal to my sympathy arid friend ship. Asa dying man; lie requested me, when ho was gone, to search out his aunt, and convey to her hjs last message of forgiveness for the harsh treatment lie had experi enced at her hands ; whilst he assured . me thac if by liis death be could have secured health and happiness , to his once bright and merry darling, ho would have died long since. Arid now at length liis tale was told. / He gazed at mo with earnest eyes. I could only press his wasted hand, and promise that \ I would sacredly carry out his wish. He slept. I watched over him that night. , The succeeding day he slept continu ously. Towards .evening the doctor calied. Ho had seen from the first that lie could do littlo in such a case. He looked fixedly at his patient' as he. lay in a sound slumber, .felt his pulse, and then, turning to me, said : f -You are Mr. Lawrence?" . " Yes," I replied, " I am." "Ah 1" he said,; "I've heard him mention you. You -see what your poor friend is suffering from ? !Wel!, stay with him as long as you can,;, please. You've done him pounds worth of good already." ' , ', And what had I. done ? By being a quiet and sympathetic listener, I had brought that feeling of relief ' to the poor sufferor which undoubtedly ensues when the burden of -sorrow is lightened by being borne on the shoulders of two, instead of being 'endured by the strength of one alone, ' Harry and I spent that week quietly enough; he slept-, and I read and thought/ ; When awake, he' always sought'' me' with an anxious look, which immediately changed to a peaceful smile, when I cheerfully spoke or affectionately pressed his hand ; . but he never spoke of getting better. . When he thought of life, the old wretched look came back; when he thought of the grave eternal rest seemed all that he .desired. My thoughts at last, took ri definite shape. I explained to Harry that he must allow me a day for business in the country, and' that thori- I would return, to him. The next day bridge, ;. a small; '/town in, Devon shire. Acting upon wlirit T could glean" .from Harry's uncertain information, strengthened' by the " Postal 'Direc tory," I was about to play the last chance. Mrs. Vernon had, soino time since, sold everything, rind left the neighborhood of Waterth.waito ; arid now, as I walked through' the prin cipal street of Stonebridge, and beared ' the good lady's supposed residence,; I ; felt as though walking into the lion's mouth. " Does Mrs. Vernon live here ?" "Yes, sir," answered 1 a .very 're-- spectable-lcioking. housemaid ; " bub she's out for. a drive, sir, and won't bo back for some tirne." I hiid pulled out my card-case ; and seeing me look very much annoyed and perplexed, as indeed I was, she addod : "But if it's any- thing important, Miss Hamilton is at home, sir." " Miss Hamilton l" I exclaimed ; " Miss Maud Hamilton 1" " Yes, sir," timidly replied tho astonished maiden. I knew not what to think of it; the girl must be an idiot to imagine that I could have any business with the poor imbecile Maud. However, stirred by some inward feeling, perhaps only a wish to see the unfortunate lndy, in whom I now felt, on Harry's behalf, so great an interest, I sent up my card, and requested to learn from Miss Hamilton's lips when I might; expect the return of Mrs. Vernon, as I had important news'. This was followed by a'request to walk upstairs into the drawing-room-; and in another second a. side-door opened, . and a young lady advanced most gracefully into the room. She looked pale and very thin, but if sadness reigned in those beau tiful eyes, reason reigned there too. My gaze must have been too earnest, for with a slight blush and a little \- confusion of manner, she expressed. her regret that Mrs. Vernon was out, and feared that she would not be at home for an hour or more. My resolve was taken. " If you will be so good as to seat yourself,/'. I said, "I daresay I can explain tlie nature of my visit to you' quite as well as to Mrs. Vernon ; I come from - an old friend of Mrs.. Vernon." .. V . " Oh, indeed j proy, be seated," she said. - ', ' I hadconned pver 'and over w liat l should say' to Mrs. Vernorij but 1 had hardly expected': to: meet with Miss Hamilton. I '"began quietly, and cautiously; but I had scarcely spoken a few words when I saw ' (hat she had guessed my .errand, had understood that Harry Vernon was the subject of my thoughts. I had a difficult task to perform ; she had turned deadly pale, and clung to the cushions of the sofa on which she was seated for support. / "I," feel rather tired with my. journey," I broke in. with ; "may I ring for a glass of wine 1" I rang the bell, and tlie poor girl had suffi cient strength' of nerve to say: "Bring in some wine.''. I hastily- poured out a glass, of sherry, which I forced her to take ; and then, as the cat was out of the bag, I quickly con cluded all I had to soy. I did not tell her how desperately ill and near death's door -Harry was ; but her tears flowed freely, and she held out her hand to me, to express. the thanks which she could not then utter, as I" "told her . enough to convince her that it depended on her self whether misery or happiness was to ensue from my visit. Of course I had to wait for 'Mrs. Vernon's return, and of course that lady was much sur prised to find me at her' house, and her daughter in' an excited state of mind. The tale \vas once more and more connectedly told ; and my urgent appeal to humanity's affection and sympathy, added to Maud's tears, liad the "desired effect. ' Tlio old lady was softened ; ' she burst into a flood of tears over her unfor tunate nephew, and it ended in my leaving by the last train at night for London, to prepare Harry for their coming -up to'-sde'-himy to. forgive'liim, and to ; be : forgiven. I could hiifdly cohtain' myself 'for joy, and any pas sengers iff the -compartment of the carriage next to: mine must have been ratlier astonished by my bursts of laughter, mv little shouts of self-con gratulation, and my snatches of old songs', all the. way from Stonebridge up to to wn.- I was never so jolly in my life, a'nd I'm afraid I gave Harry but little preparation. I could not conceal my gladness;1' " Well, old man, I've done niy ' business capitally ; I feel quite jovial," and I laughed again. "Where do you think I've been ?" He stared at me with his great hollow eyes, as though he would read my soul. " I've been to Stonebridge I" "No, you haven't!"' he almost shouted. "'Yes, I have," I said, smiling ; "and capital news too." I then pro ceeded to tell him my adventures, not exactly as thev first occurred, for I first told him that his Jaunt was pre pared once more to receive him witli open arms. " At last the great good news of Maud was told. He had two days in which -to prepare himself for their arrival. Those - two days did wonders, and thougli ho looked like a ghost of. his former self, yet ho was able to; receive them sitting in a chair, beside a cheerful little fire. No ' one witnessed tlie meeting between him-- self and Maud. ; . I had quite enough pleasure in imagining it; indeed, I could not have controlled myself to see it. It is needless to speak further of tity delight, that best happiness of making others happy. Mrs. Vertion had tho ultimate and satisfactory pleasure of at last seeing sunshine behind tlie black clouds which had so long beset het house; and in her old age she , stood with me beside the aitar to witness, there the union which had once so often been the earnest . desire,, of her heart.. Both Maud and - Harry looked older and gyaver than they, might at such a time of, life ; but if. they were .rather aged by early sorrow, they, at least knew better how to appreciate every moment in after-life of true love and happi ness, " 