The Baptist Church. TEA AND AFTER MEETING. A esuccessful tea and after meeting was held in the Baptist Church last Thursday night. The proceeds are to be added to the golden offering fund for liquidating debt on Church property, and the Fund should be considerably augmented thereby. This golden offering was decided upon at the annual meeting held in January last, when it was agreed to ask the members and adherents of the Raptist Church to join in contributing a golden offering to elear off the debt now owing on the Ipswich property, amounting to £100. Circulars and ecollecting-cards were sent sut among the congregation, with the result that, when the time for their return (last Tuesday) arrived, a eam of £351.3s. Cd. had been collected in small amounot, and further contributions were ex pected. The secretary (Mrs. . I'osworthy), tnd also the treasurer (Mr. Joseph Ivett), deserve commendations for the way in which they took the matter up, and carried it out to a sucoessful issue. At the tea there was a large attend ance; alout 200 people were present, and two sittings were required be fore all the guests were satisfied. Eight tables had been erected in the church, four in the centre and two at each side. These were laden with the usual tea-meeting delicacies, and further adorned with bouquets of flowers Those who had supplied the eatables and who attended to the wants of the guests were Mrs. Bryant and Miss Cameron, assisted by Mrs. Barber and Miss Tomkins; Mrs. Joseph Ivott, assisted by Miss Green; Mrs. Saunders; Mesdames Ivett, sen., R. Ivett and March; Miss Noosworthy and the'senior girls; Mesdames Nosworthy and Webb; Mesdames Hastings and Wood chk; and Misses Ingram and Kirkwood. When the tables, &e.;, had been cleared away ufter the repastp the building was well filled for THE AFTR-RMEETING. The rostrum and its precincts were decor ated with festoons of greenery and flowers. The Rev. W. Whale (president of the Queens land Baptist Association) presided, and '?o supported by the Revs. W. Poole (South BErls bane), A. G. Weller (Nundah), W. V. Young (Ipswich), and J.. Walker (Ipswich Congrega tionall, with the treasurer of the Golden Offer nlug Fund (Mr. Jos. Ivettl. After the open ing hymn, and prayer led by the Rev. J. Walker, Mr. fIE-r submitted the treasurer's state ment of the Fund. He explained theobject in initiating it, and read out the amounts already conatributed, making up a total of £35 13sa. 6d. To this was to be added the proceeds ot the tea and collection, and several colleetion-cards were not yet in, so that, by the end of the year, they expected the Fund to total fully £50. (Applause.) Mr. J. W. Ingram gave an admirable rendi tion of the " Lost Chord," with organ accom paniment by his brother, Mr. R. H. Ingram. The CIAIRMAN's address followed. He con gratulated his hearers upon the occasion which brought them together; and he particularly congratulated them upon having the courage to take up this matter at a time of general bankruptcy.and depression. There were two things which were wanted in all our Churches; ay, iu all our hearts-faith, and more eathousi asm, more fervour. He orged upon his hear era the necessity of believing earneatly, and of putting their belief into practical use. They wanted a creed that touched the heart, and if they were to do any good in the world they should have some enthusiasm, ansd put their whole hearts into the work. (Applause.) While the collection was being taken up the orchestra- consieting of Mr. T. Woolley, fist violin; Miss Wonlley, second violin:; Mr. H. 1M. Ingram, viola; Mr. R. H. Ingram, 'cello; and Mr. A Saunders, organ- played a selection very creditably; they also lent assistance while the hymns were being sung. The Rev. W. Pools expressed hIis pleasure at being present, and paid a high compliment to Mr. lvett as treasurer. He congratulated them upon their sffort. There was something better than a golden offering which they could present toGod, however; they could lead lives in the service of our Lord Jesus Christ. He spoke earnestly on the necessity for, and the meaning of, consecration to God. The young people, too, were appealed to to put their whole trust in Jesus, and not to stand on the wrong side. They should recognise the supreme claims of ('hrist, and, with all their errors and failings, say to him *' Now, O Christ, here, take me!" He hoped that the Lord would shoundantly bless and crown that meeting with His joy. (Applause.) An anthem, "God Reigneth," having been tastefully sung by the choir, The Rev. A. G. WsLLrct delivered an ad dress. He said he was glad to have the privi lege and honouor of besng present. He ex horted his hearers to lead humble and con secrated Christian lives, and to put their trnst in the Union Bank, the only safe one, of which the directors were three in number, the Father, the Son and the HolyfGhost. (Applause.) The Rev. Joseph W1.xese said that, as representing the other Churches in town, he expressed his-and he was sure their-gladness at the spirit which had pervaded the meeting, and the kindly, generDmos feeling manifeSted by the friends in connection with the golden offering. They had had some very good advice given them that night, and he did not think there was a Church in town whose children worked with more heartiness and zeal than the young people aof thatChurech. He hoped the meeting would be followed with an increase of spiritual power and the conversion of very many souls to Jesus Christ. (Applause.) Mr. T. WOOLKEY, sen., proposed a vote of thanks-hearty, sincere thanks-to the minie ters especially who had come from Brisbane, to Mr. Walker, and to all who had taken part in the meeting; to those ladies who had laboured es earneatly and so succesalully in getting up the tea-meeting, and to all others who had in any way assisted in the accom plishment of such a grand result, whether in the getting up of or contributing to the tea, or in donating to the noble golden offering.1 Mr. E. SAU.wmERs seconded the proposition, and the RPev. W. V. Youco, in supporting it, expressed the sentiments of theChurch in say ing that they were glad to have those frieods from Brisbaneand Mr. TWalker with them. The vote of thanks was passek with hearty acclamation. Mr. WHAtE briefly responded, saying he would be glad to come to the next golden offering tea- meeting held in the church. An anthem, "'Jubilate Deo," having been oung with good effect by the choir, the pro nouncing of the benediction and the singing of the doxology terminated the meeting. 