CHAPTER XXVI.-DHOME AGAIN. If life could exist in reality as it does on the melodramatic stage, in a series of moving incidents, of emotion for ever at high pressure, with every chord of feeling strung to its fullest capacity, then it were as possible to be heroically calm under overwhelming misfortune as to display dauntless courage against overwhelming odds. But in life there is' always the day after, when our actions of the eve appear injudicious and absurd, when we hate ourselves blame ourselves, worst of all, laugh at ourselves for the enthusiasm of yesterday gone beyond recall, and when the ugliness and dreariness of the inevitable future block our vision to all thoughts of romantic grief or poetical despair. Clofield, in its unredeemed brick and mortar hideousness, seemed to Felice's tear-blurred gaze an appro priate ending to that comfortless early morning journey, throughout the long course of which she had again and again told herself how much better it would have been if she had not fled from her home on the preceding evening, even though she knew quite well she could not have acted other wise. She had not enlightened Maurice as to the true character of his cousin Marcus, or the nature of the forgeries which had been practised on him. Of what good to tell him now ? Let the dead past bury its dead Yet at the thought of Marcus, whom. she regarded as the instigator of all the receet troubles, a deep resentment was stirred in Felice's mind. It would be impossible, she felt, to go on living day by day in the same house with him, to endure any longer with patience his plump sentimentality and egotistical confidences, with the knowledge which she now possessed of his nnfathomable cunning and treachery. Clearly both the dead Robert and the living Maurice had been in different ways victims to Marcus's stealthy malevolence, and Felice, as she thought of him, found herself shuddering with dislike and dread. At the station she hesitated, and it was only the thought of the kindness she had received from Lady Fenton and from Louisa Greet which impelled her to return to Stoneroyd. Not for long should those dreary walls imprison her. Vague plans as to her future floated in Felice's brain. Outside Stoneroyd, no one wanted her, except the one man whom she loved with all the strength of her nature, and between whom and herself a great gulf was fixed. What would he do with his life ? What should she do with hers ? Abstract benevolence towards stran gers seems cold comfort at twenty, when the heart throbs and aches with hopeless love. If it had been anything but this. If Maurice had been poor, ill, shunned, and hunted down for any other crime, how gladly would she have proved her devotion by throwing in her lot with his. As it was, he had been a mere tool in the hands of his cousin Marcus, who had played easily upon the impetuosity, the frankness, and the unsuspecting confidence of his nature. And in all his plans Marcus had suc- d ceeded. His enemy, Robert, was dead, h and Maurice was banished for ever h from the presence of .the woman he t; loved. Felice could h.frdly sit quietly in the cab on her way homewards, t when the image of that soft-voiced arch-plotter rose before her mind's eye. P 'I don't think I shall ever be able to trust myself to speak to him again,' I she reflected as the cab drew up I before the lodge gates. f It was not yet ten o'clock. Little a wrinkled Grierly,however, was already a on the watch for her return, for as the cab came in sight he issued from the gates and stool in the roadway waiting. c As the conveyance stopped, he laid his hand on the open window. 'Is ta goin' oop t' house ? Ees oop C theer, on th' look out !' These words, uttered in a deep, guttural voice close to her ear, as the old lodge- keeper thrust his head over the door of the cab, were by Felice E understood as an unexcected warn ing. She watched Grierly curiously as he proceeded. 'Mr Gilmore, ee coom to me last neet. 'Has Mrs Fenton been through t' gates ?" ee says. " Noa." says ah.' ' Thank you,' said Felice, simply, as Grierly stopped to take breath after this unusual burst of loquacity. 'But it doesn't matter now whether he sees me or not.' She spoke wearily, and the lodge keeper, who had seemel disposed to further confidences, drew back and let the cab proceed. So far as he could be said to possess any sentiment where his personal interests were not con cerned, Mr Grierly liked Felice. His insensibility to the mitigated attrac tions of Margaret and Louisa did not argue complete invulnerability to feminine charms,and in his opinion Mrs Robert Fenton was emphatically ' t' bonniest lass in Clofield.' After she had gone he leant over the gate for fully a quarter of an hour, rubbing his chin and ruminating. Should he put himself out of the way to do someone else a good-natured turn, or would his so doing in any way interfere with his own interests ? The risk was too great, and when he returned into his snug little house Mr Grierly had finally decided to let well, or ill, alone. Felice, meanwhile, had encountered Marcus on the very doorstep. With an air, real or assumed, of intense surprise, he had started back at sight of her, and had then sprung forward to assist her from the cab. With one hand he opened the door, the other he held out to help her descend. Felice glanced at it-the plump white hand which had traced those lying letters, luring Maurice back to Clofield--and the indignation and disgust she felt shone forth in her eyes as she raised them in silence to his face. A sickly pallor overspread Marcus's countenance. He fell back from the door, and with a slight scornful gesture of repugnance she stepped from the cab, dismissed and paid the driver, and entering the house went straight up to her own room Lady Fenton heard her come in. It was far too early for the dowager to be dressed, and painted, and decorated for the day. But her curiosity and interest in her daughter in-law's movements were so great that she put her lips to the keyhole and asked through it in a hissing whisper, ' Did you find him ?' ' Maurice? Yes.' 'And you have made it all right with him ?' ' I have said good-by. He is going Sabroad-.to America, I think.' 'But he will come back, of course ?' I 'No; never !' In spite of herself, there was a sob in her voice. At her answer Lady Fenton's excitement overcame even regard for her own appearance. After a few moments' pause, during which she had shrouded her head and face in a lace shawl, she invited her daughter in-law into her room. Felice disliked and dreaded all reference to her recent experiences. But the inter Sview had to be faced, ss well now as Sat a later period. The pink blinds were down as Susual, and the dowager was sitting up in bed, blinking at Felice in the dim light from out her mummy-like Senvelope of yellowish lace. 'Sit down,child,' she said,hurriedly, ' and tell me all about it. Close to me and under your breath, mind 1 But Sfirst, let me tellyou you are a little fool if you let Maurice leave like that. What was it ? Some silly quarrel, I suppose.' ' No. You and I were both wrong I went to tell him we believed in him I found him lonely,remorseful,broken f haarted, but guilty - if a sudden Simpulse of passionate anger, a blow struck in the dark, can be called r guilt-ofmy husband's death, And we I parted. Don't let's talk of it,' she cried, suddenly springing from her I seat, and pacing up and down the room. ' I know I ought to regard him Swith horror. But it was not his fault. a He was tricked and deceived-shame fully deceived,' she went on, alf?ush of deep anger staining her cheek. My d hatred, my horror, are not against b him,. but against the treacherous plot- a ting which ruined him.' tl Lady Fenton made a gesture of en- e treaty. d ' Hush-hush ! Speak low-whis- - per !. You may be heard.' 'I wish to be heard,' returned b Felice, with sudden fierceness. 'And,. Lady Fenton, don't think me ungrate- if ful for your kindness to me, but I must go. I cannot live at Stoneroyd any longer. If I watch that grey town in the distance any more, I feel I shall go mad. Robert is dead, 1?aurice banished, and-and I cannot fack-Marcus every day. So you must let me go.' Lady Fenton glanced quickly in the direction of the door. Then she began r nervously clasping and unclasping her i hands. t 'We are going, too,' she said after a pause. 'Marcus wishes it. He i speaks about it much as you do. H was walking about the passage al through the night, tormenting me with' questions about you whenever he t passed my room. He suspected that t you were gone, but he could not be sure as I got Louisa to swear with me that you were in your room. It is all a mistake, a miserable mistake. Dis appointed love must have turned Maurice's brain. He must not leav England-or, at least, if he does, he must let us know where he is going. We will go to Dublin. I promised my boy last night we would leave this house, haunted by miserable memories. In Dublin I have Criends-friends who may remember what I was years ago when my sister and I were belles, and toasts- when my verses were consi dered worthy of two columns of notice in the Saturday Critic. Ab, well! of what use to go back over that now ? Si jeunesse savait. But Dublin society -the hterary and intellectual, to which I have the key-is the most cultured, the most soothing, in the world. You, a beautiful young widow, with character, with distinction, you will find a sojourn in Dublin delightful. We will live no longer in this Clofield d?reariness. Only by Marcus's wish have I languished here so many years ; and he is now set upon leaving. He is going to-day to the agent, or person in the town. We will let Stoneroyd, if a tenant can be found. I will realise what trifling property I have-not much, indeed, but-' ' You will have all that Robert left, dear Lady Fenton,' said Felice, quickly. 'I have quite enough of my own, and I hope you will be happy; but you must let me go away by my self.' 'Stay with me, cherie, until we leave this place,' pleaded the dowager, And Felice at length consented to delay her departure until such time as her mother-in-law was comfortably settled in her new home. Lady Fenton carefully avoided all reference to past events. The idea of leaving Stoneroyd seemed to make her young again; and for the next three days she kept Felice fully occupied in sorting, dusting, and packing her faded finery, 1 her old-fashioned nick- nacks, and her I bundles of dusty manuscripts, books, 3 and music. Louisa's loud voice filled up all in tervals. Leaving Stoneroyd was to her an event of historical importance, r the discussion of which never wearied I her. r ' Oop to Dooblin, where every man has a pig, an' a pipe, an' a shillelagh, t an' a box o' dynamite in his coat-tail e pockets I' From this prejudiced view of the sons of Erin it was impossible to turn her. In the pauses between packing t and chattering she paid valedictory visits to her friends and arquaintances Sin the town, and reported verbatim their comments upon the proposed ,' fitting.' 'Eh, but they say oop to Clofield that tha house is chock-full o' ghosts, San' that's why we're leavin' it,' she E informed the two ladies. 'Lor', Smoom, but you do look droopy-like in r those theer 'orrid, stuffy, black gownds, like as ifyou was goin' ta fade oot of'em soom day,' she cried, to Felice. 'I says to old Grierly just Snow, "This 'ere 'aunted old well is r killing young Mrs Robert," I says. "It's a mercy we're goin' away from s it." When oop he starts, quite angry-like-" Leave Stoneroydl" he B says, in that theer Yorkshire talk o' Shis. "Tha niver says !" "I'dlike to Sknow who's to stop 'eml"says I. 'I'll tll l tha,'(says he. " Ned Grierly will stop 'em.' That's what that theer old figgerhead says to me, my lady, as Ssure as my name's Louisa Greet.' t The two ladies had tacitly en Scouraged Louisa's chatter. There were so many subjects of conversation Sbarred between them that conversa tion had become strained and difficult. Since her return to Stoneroyd, Felice had practically ignored Marcus's existence, and after the first evening he had chosen to have his dinner served to him in his study, and had kept entirely out of her sight. 3 ' Dear Lady Fenton, let me go. We Scan't keep on living like this. For r your sake I ought to be rind and ,courteous to your son, but just at Spresent the very sight of him makes me shudder. Let mego!' 'You would not judge him so f harshly if you knew him as well as I do,' the elder lady had said. He would be worse if you. left-more distrait,. more,.morbid. He must have some thing. young and beautiful to look: at,. even if he only watches you from. a distance, and once we are in Dublin 'He will have plenty of young and beautiful things to look at,' said Felice, calmly. '-I will stay until:you. leave, if you wish it.' (To be continued.) 