'Aslom The Boxers. STEVE O'DONNELL. Choynski and Fitzsimmons. THEY MAY MEET AGAIff. American Illnff. MELBOURNE BOXIXG NOTES. Woods Beats Slnnatt — Jack Helnnoy Hatched — Levy and Anthony— They May be Matched Shortly— Pay »nd Jackson — To Fljbt In Jte*rr ? cattle— American nnd K«g HiU Note.i— I.otoit Mel bourne Nervs, (J3t 'The AiiAtet/n.') '?juorft aro lottors hero for Joo God-lard *hd Starlight. Job Wnlcott may yofc bo matched ?gainst Jack M'AulifTo. : ? ? ? - - Mick SMnorney's benefit takes placo on IToaiUiy night next at tho Cumberland -A.C., Melbourne. ? ? ? ? Jack Molaney and Jim Doir meat in ft limited round 'contest at Nathan's lift 11 noxt Saturdtiy night. * ? ? Dummy Wintors is stiff in England, nnd wants to box somo of the seuond-rators in tb» Dtst Gib division. * v ? . A wonld-l-e sporting contoniporary calls Alf Lory », bookmaker's boxer. 'Well, why Bhonld ho not bo, bo long as ho goes 'on tho squn.ro'? « ? ? Tho 'Webster Athlotio Clnb, of Boston, recently offered a purso of lOOOdol for a go botweon Eddio Pierce and Jorry Marshall, but uo data was mentioned. Artie Tullin is at Waujja showing with ? boxing coin'oination, and undertaking to. tJt&ock; ont all-comers or forfeit a goldon eoveroign or two. I am glad to hear that hohas been showing to fair business, for lie's a decmt lad and deserves success. * * ? . Tho manager of tho Twin City Athlotio Club. Rt. Paul (U.S.). states that if Bob Fitzcj'innions can bo induced to fight Dan Creciion for the World's Middle-weight Championship, his club will offer a liberal purse. It is understood Fitz has written . accepting. ? * * About the ond of July thora was somo talk of Jim Hall going to JDonver for the purposo of bringing off a limited round contest -with Kd. Smith, Joo Goddard's ? conqueror. BatMasterson, a warm admirnr of Jini'/j, had written asking him to tako tho trip, and saying that he could arrange » ma'jeh. . ? v m ? ? , I see that Jim Corbott hns taken Billy Plimmer under his wing and offers to back tho little Englishman against any 110 poundor in the world for GOOOdol aside. Plimmer is a top-notcher, without doubt, tut wouldn't it bo just as well for Corbett to back hiinsolf against some of the men who -want to moot him ? ? ? ? In an interview with an English rpporior, Jim Corbctt said that he hated tho ring and its associatons. All tho same ho clings to it moat tenaciously. The wily Califor nian will havo to bo carried into the squared circle before he will fight any body whom he suspects has the ghost of a chance of beating him. * ? ? The young follows of Parramatta, and some of the old ones too, havo formed a nice littlo gymnastic club in that ancient town. Clever Chiddy Kyan is the boxing instructor. He put his pupils through their facings for the first time early hmt ?week, and nays there is some unusually Rood matorijil among them. ♦ ? ? It win be remembered that Jack Puller sustained a nasty accident to his arm irhilo wrestling with a friend some little while back. At first it was thought the litn)) had been brokon, but closer ex amination proved that it was nothing more Berictjs than a bad wrench. The popular ligh,fc'.7eight is, however, about again, and Btill in possession of that fotching smile. S'tevo O'Donnell doesn't believe in jny.tunl admiration. Jim Corbott recently acknowledged Stove's remarkable scionco \ 'by hailing him as a coming champion, and ev«n offered to bnek the New South Welsh man against Hob Fitzsimmons. O'Donnell r«-tortedby expressing a wish to take tho ''?Pompadour' on, adding at tho Bame time that, judging from the fight with Mitchell, lie is sure Corbott can be licked. ? * * ' . Parson Davios has undertaken the Management of his old breod-winnor, Evan Lewis, Champion Catch-aa-eatcb-can 'Wrestler of the World. Davios was to have placed Lowis at the head of a sparring nnd wrestling combination going on tour through tho Statos in August. This man (Lewis) ownsafinofarmin Wisconsin, andis the only ono of tho whole band of wrostloro ?worth monoy, excepting Billy Muldoon, known as tho prince of wrestling fakirs. ? ? ? Any of our readers desiring to socuro ft firBt- class collection of botween sixty and nevontysportingpictnres— many splendidly framod— should writo to or call, at this office. Wo aro acquainted with a gentle man who has a unique lot for sale, which ?would be a source of considerable attrac tion for hotels, saloons or sporting resorts of any description. The price asked is moderate. ? ? ? _ At Lako Hopatcong (N.J.) Bob Fitz ?immon.i rescued his second wife from drowning on July 20. It appears thoy ?were spending their honeymoon thoro, and ?while out rowing had occasion to ohango Beats, a proceeding which caused the boat to capsize. Mrs. Fitz, sank twico, but Bob, by a lucky chance, managed to catch liold of hpr hoforo nlio disappearml alto gether, and with tho aid of a friendly boat, rowed by a lady, tho nowlv-roarricd couple reached shallow water — minuB somo ?valuable jewellery. ? ? ? At latent dates thoro appoarod a proba bility of Steve O'Donnell and Joe Choynski mooting at tho Olympic Club, NowOrloans, for a COOOdol purse, but Stevo was hank«r jng after a go with Jim Ilnll, and chafing very much at a statement tnado by that individual to the effect that their previously nrranged six round contest, to tako place in Chicago, had fallnn through because O'Donnell wanted to cplit tho gato receipts in halves, win or lose. Stnve, through a lofctar to tho Press, explniu'jd that the match collapsed hoi'nusu a permit to fight in tho city nnmml was unobtainable, and just to show Ff-.1l th:ifc ho meant lmsim'M, a im-»ti;ig cuui'l at once bo arranged for nix, oight. t«n r linds, or to a finish In any club offering ??? reasonable ptinie, tho win nor to tako a]', and if tho gato roceinU, only, woro hoxod for. the stipulation with rpgard to money would hold good. Failing n satisfactory roply in this instance, th« nallicoso O'Donnell wan prepared to fight ritzoimmons or anybody else under liko cond'-'. 'onii. ' t. Potor Jackson was to havo been in New York by tho time Corbott arrivod there, so as to have a poreonar understanding re garding their long-ponding flglif. ? ? ? It is quito on tlto cards that Dixon and Oriffo may be matchod to box to a finish, although tho nmttor of 'weight' will .probably bo au awkward point of dis cussion. ? ? ? Blutlor Corbott statod to cortain English papers that ' ho was returning to America to make Jacltson fight.' Great Scott I This is tho supromost pieco of importi nonco that has »b yot emanated from so called Geutlotnan Jim. ? ? ? With roforonce to the proposod match between Jim Anthony and Alf Levy.'I am 'askod to atato on bohiilf of tlia latter that if tho Cumborland A.C. can see their way to incroapo their offor of a XHO purso, Lovy will bo*preparod 'to sign artielns for the incroRRod purse nnd a sido-wnger, aud go into training at onco. ? . , ? . ? Corbott was to havo dopnrted from Eng land for New York on July 25 last. If Jackson had loft Ainorica for ' Albion'* shoros a few days prior to tho dato given, as somo newspapers stated was his inten tion, tho eroat principle of ' how not to do it 'would havo beon thoroughly cstab lishod, and tho two big fighters might havo saluted each' other in mid oco.in. ' ???'..'?' ' ? Dnrihg tho weok I havo received ft lottor from Joo Lindsay, brother of ' Bill ' of that ilk, in which ho announces his inten tion of taking on* Tom Foy, of Sydney, provided- tho lattor is agreoablo. In a ohat ivith Foy I olicitod the fact that ho would bo only toe glad to nccomtnodato Jennings providod his match with Jackson falls through. Although Foy will bo giving away a lot of weight— ho can fight at Oat 101b — ho is nevertheless willing, to try couclusions with tho Mel buriiian provided Rudiciont monetary in duceiuout is offcrod. ? ? ? Thuro has beon troiiblo in Sonth Africa over th'o two fights botween Owen Snllivan and Jack Burko. It will bo remeuiborod that Owen won tho first battld ratb«r easily, but tho vanquished on that occasion cauie out on top in the second moeting, apparently with a lob to spare. This uuaccountablo reversal* of form, on both sidos sot people talking, and the fact that ft largo'amount of monoy changed hands — the favorite being defeated in each in stanco— added fuol to the flanio. Matters culminated in Coupar, who beat Wolf Bondoff Eomo. time ago, publicly announ cing that tho socond engagement vina a fako. An offor from tho Irish American to bet n large sum of monoy thut this assertion could not bo provod was promptly accepted. Australians, who aro personal acquaintances of the pugilists . and have seen them porform, will await tho sequel with interest. Ono cannot read . tho descriptions of both fights without foaling confident that thors was a screw I0030 somewhore. It seems to be admitted that tho first 'go' was u genuine ono. That being so, the Australian's failure to irako tho semblance of a showing in tho second match is, to say tho least, difficult of com prehension. All thq world acknowledges Burke as a postmaster in. tho art of hip podromiug. , Tom O'Hourte, tho backer of Joo Wal cott, has publicly stated in New York that if Harry Nickless, tho woll-known English light- woight, posts .£100 with Riehard K. Fox to fight Walcott at lOst for £500 or iilOOO and tho Light- Woight Cham pionship , of tho World, O'Ronrke will deposit a like amount with tho Police Gazette and await articles. The content to tako placo at tho National Sporting Club, London, if a reasonable purso is offered. In answer to this, Harry Nick/less states in the columns of the Svoktivo Lipk, of Jnly 25, ' I am per fectly willing to box Walcott for £500 aside and tho lOsfc Championship of the World, tho contest to be for onduranceaud tho largost purse offered. Walcott being tho challenger, he, as a matter of course, la expected to post his £100 first, and directly this is done my contur.v will be immediately -deposited at tho~Spoim.va Live OQlce, accompanied by articles for Walcott's signature. 1 want nothing but fair, businesslike negotiations, and so fur us I am concerned no impediment will bo placed in tho way of tho match boing speedily made.' It actually looks as if a mutch would shortly be mado botween the pair. If so, it ought to be short odds on Walcutt, judging by his performances to date. ' ? At tho Monumental Athletic Club; Mon treal, Canada, Martin Costollo, urstwhile of Melbourne recently made the Marino (La Blanche) cry peccuvi in five rounds. - Buth these gentlemen woro long sines placed upon the shelf labelled ' have been,' and how it could suit any club to offor them a purflo is a mystery. ? ? ? ? : Writing of Costollo recalls a rather amusing story which was' told of him just about the lime of hisdeparture forYankee iand. It appears tho good-natured 'Buf- falo 'was in sore straits regarding tho obtairimentof the wherewithal necessary to pay his passage and enable him to land at tho place of his birth with a fow dollars as a. Btandby till pomothing turned up. As a resultbf a confab with afow intimates, he de cided that tho layers of odds were the proper persons to whom an appeal should be made. Varying success attended his efforts as far as amounts were concerned, but all asked shelled out something. In tho presenco of a friend Martin applied to one of Israelitish persuasion fora loan of XC, but suddenly changing his mind, said, 'No, I won't say a loan, let it be a gift, as it niav not be possiblo for mo to ropay you?' '? Ah,' said tho bookie, ' that's what I liko — don't say lond when you mean give. Here (handing him four £1 notosl, put that in your pocket.' Costollo counted the money, and with an air of ineffable disgust turned to }iia friend, saying, 'Some more of his b— — y Jow tricks, he's had me for a quid.' A fact. ? . ? ? Boxing tanght thoroughly for 2 puinotia by Tom MoadowB, at 88 Qeorge- atreot Wont, near Railway Station, or pay 3d nnd roo him toaoh others overy svening from 7 till 10.* 