Reviewer. Publications Received. "STEVE BROWN'S BUNYIP." For some years past the readers of the principal Australian weeklies have been familiar with the short stories contributed by "L.L.," Mr. John Arthur Barry, as among the very best work of oar colonial writers. Those who have already made acquaintance with them through the PreßS will welcome anew their ap pearance in book form, whilst for others who meet them thus for the first time there is a treat assured. There are twenty stories altogether in the collection—stories of the bush, of the mines, of the sea; humorous Btories, pathetic stories, stories \yith "a ahudder" in them. All are well imagined and picturesquely told ; the characters plainly done from life with a strong free touch, the local colour convincingly [true. More than one or two of them, indeed, are possessed of a certain distinctive quality that seems to place their author abreast, well abreast of such men as Rolf Boldrewood and Ernest Faveno. Notwithstanding the number of "L. L.'s" stories we have been glad to greet afresh in its pages there are some others, greatest favourites with us of them all, we miss from amongst them. These we shall hope to see granted a place in a futuro volume. Those of the stories which appeared in the Pall Mall Gazette seem to have won for the author English admirers as warm as those big Queenflander and other Australian work gained him in these colonies. It is particularly gratifying to find that the brilliant author of " Soldiers Three" is amongst the men of the wider world who recognise the genuineness of Mr. Barry's gift. Mr. lludyard Kipling's introductory verses, a few of which are quoted below, are sympathetic in a wonderful degree, spirited, and touohing:— There dwells a Wife by the Northern March And a wealthy Wife is she; She breeds a breed o' rovin* men And ca*>t9 them over sea. And some they drown in deep water, Aud some in sight of shove ; And word goes back to the carlinc Wife, And ever she sends more. i i>t The good Wife's sons come home again Wi' little into their hands But the lear o' men that ha' dealt wi' men In the new aud naked lands— But the faith o' mon that ha' proven men By more than willing breath, And the eyes o' men that ha' read wi' men In the open books o' Death. And some return in broken sleep, And some in waking dream, For she hears the heels o' tho dripping ghosts That ride the long roof-beam. Home—they come home from all the seas— The living and the dead— The good Wife's sons come home again For her blessing ou their head. Camp Fire Ta&es.; " Australian Camp Fire Tales," by Mr. A. B. Bell, of this city, is a little collection of sketches and stories, most of which appeared Borne years ago in the looal Press and found appreciative readers. It appears to us, not withstanding, that the stuff is good stuff but wants adzing down. The author has, howover, done better things since and in a better fashion, and his later work is likewise to be republishcd in a couple of small volumes. It is gratifying to learn that the sucoess of the venture, financially speaking, is already assured by the well-filled subscription lists, and we wish Mr. Bell like good fortune in the way of literary fame. 