THE OLD PIANO. BY Mas. M. L. BAYNE. It stool in the ehow window of a large musio store on a much-frequonted avenue, and as its extreme old age and uglinces were accentuated by a price mark, some of the aessers-bv h aueed to inspect the valn able ruin. "Papa, did they make nuly littlefrights of pianos like that for people to play on ?" asked a happy childof her )oung father. "Not in my day, child," answered the father, gently amused. "Is thatthething mygratdmotherplayed when she was young ?" asked a gracelee.s ounngeter of a white-baired man beside fVP\\.1 " Your graudtnotner was not born wnen that thing was made, boy," retorted the grandfather disdainfully. No one admired the ancient outlawed thing that was jeered at for its awkward ness, and it stood there alone of its kind, stiff and clumsy, showing through its cracked coat of veneer all the landmarks of time, the pitiful helplessness of age. ': Presently a quaint old woman with - basket on her arm hobbled up to the window. In earlier days she bad been known as a "obaracter," now she was 'shunned as a crank. Her dreea-if such it could be callrd-was the rage of a gentlewoman. Her face resembled those porcelain lamps in which a rose light borns. But her light had gone out, leaving an ash. colour. When she saw the old piano with its yellow keys set far apart like the sentinel teeth of age, she clasped her; 'hrivellfd hands and gave a great 07ry : ".Where did they find it ? and how dare they exhinit it here ? - When I saw it last 'twas in grandfather's room with the tall clock and tbo old harmonium. It was old, old then. I need to play for the poor old man when I wsa bome from school-that was before I ian away with handsome Harry. Ah, me, ah, me, there is some thing wrong here"-she tapped her head lightly-" it's all wrong-a mad world, my masters." SThen she laughed shrilly, end the crowd cheered her good-homoredly.. S"It won't speak for you, but I can make it sing- listen I' she abshrilled. . The crowd made way for her to enter the store and the dealer, thinking to ad vertise his antique possession, helped the little old woman op into the window and seated her before the old piano as if she had been a prima donna. Selfishness, my brothers. It is at the root of many a kindly action it this woil, hat then-- ." Tinkle-tinkle-tinkle. The sonndbipiro ducad from those yellow keye were ndi as musical as a sheep bell's jangle, bit the crowd laughed and cheered, and the'frail ol4 fingers-it was said they had done the business for handsome Harry, but that was whea she was mad--trock achcid, and "Aold Lang Syne " floated oat in a weird melody that was folt of paseion and pain, and the sobbing of the loneliness of Ife. Then a pause and the accustomed finoers itreok an: air bof-thea';paat, and a modtinfuly swedt' voice Bang the words of aWold love song: "Once yq s aiid yyou'lfred mne dearly." The people whispered to each other that she had been a great musician in her day and preEssd forward to hear her and -no one smiled. "I'll bay that old piano," said a gruff voice, "it's Rot more music to the square inch than any of your new-fangled inetrn meals-it's got a soul in it, so it has." " Did they tell you I was false, Harry darling ?" She sang the old song throogh, and broke off to give them " Bonaparte Crosa ing the Alps." They could hear the very tramp of the martial feet as heM, fnlfes, .struck-the loose keys that reeponded'I wiih their last thrill of harmony to her dpi pelling toucb. . S'It' a trick to 411 the- plma-the music.dealer stands in with he'r-bnt ahe and the old instrument are mates," sail.a man in the crowd.- : " Ay"' ' anewered' his friend-; * i5le6 those bird-iwhistles the street fakirs S'll no otieever can make aich musio ont, o them as t1ose fellows do. It's one of the tricks of the trade." The eld woman turned a white, tired face'on them. . "hosts, ghosts, all of ye; bhat'thie is real," and she touched the keystbhat an i'werd with a plaintive air. "' -Mpd,"'they whispered to each other. But:the .aisic she played held them spell bounid. -It' wts the cry cf the homeless, the desolate, voiced like a prayer. 'Men took, off their hats and bowed their heads ; women eobbed. The music bEccime a obant-a requiem : " There's no place like home, There's no place lik, home, .Home, sweet, sweet home." 'As the last note died away, the singer laid her head on the keys, and- did'not lift ittagain. S"This piano is sold," said the dealer, as he stepped to his ehow-window and dropp6d the curtain. Mrs Da Pink : "1am amazmi, sir, that you should propose to my daughter. Why, she is jaus onu of boarding-sohool, and you have not knbwn her a week." Ynuug. Man (a smart? ellow) : " True, madams;, but I nave known you for some time, and everybody says .your daughter taxes atter you," "That young widow Flison is quite a dashing creature, don't you think?" "I guess you are right She dashed my hopes most effectually when I asked her to marry me.,, " . "Glorious I Old fellow, so her her father said yes when you asked him ?" "Yes." " How did you put the question P'" " Asked him if he had any objection to me." Blyers-" What was your idea in getting vaccinated on your rheumstic arm P" Seller-" Economy of pain. It couldn't make the arm hurt worse than it did al ready." Little Efflie (who has stroked the kitten until she has begun to purr)-" Maudie, do you hear that " Sister Meaud-" Hear what, Effe P" E?ie--" Why, I do believe kitty's boiling." Sympathetic Widow-" Have you been fortunate in your love affairs P" Interest. irg subject-" Yes, very. 1 never yet fel in love with a girl who would marry me." He-" What about those new neighboums you called on to-day P" She-" Well, they said they had come to the village to avoid society and begged me to call often." Tramp-" Say, governor, you wanter get a medal from the humane society P" Gentleman-" Through you " Tramp "Yes. Give me a dollar and you'll save both our lives." 