Humour. A barber has no right to lather hia wifo. Tho way of the transgressor is hard be. oanse a great many poople have gone over it. No modoru young man loarns how to ad just a young lady'a ekatea rapidly. 'Tia ono of tho loab arts. ' When you have leisure,' aaid a oallcr to the editor, ' I would like to speak to you.* ' AU right ; come round after I am dead.' Author— 'I don't think the papers treat my faroe-oomody right.' Friend — 'I notice thoy mention it under tho heading ' Amuse ments.' Mr. Gaily — 'You know that man pro? poses.' Misa Waistlong — ' No, I don't ; I've only heard that he does ; have had no practical experionoe. Emorson remarks, 'Trust men nnd thoy will trust yon.' A Fleet-street tailor altera th3 aphorism to thia : 'Trust mon and they will buet you.' Visitor — 1 Do you regret the past ?' Con vioted counterfeiter — ' Oh, no ; it's what didn't pass that I feel bad about.'— Xid- Sits. ' You think my boy is bound to make his (bark ?' Teaoher — ' I am afraid ao. It seems impossible for him to learn to write.' —Life' ' Hardup is a pretty decent sort of chap, but ho never atioka to anything.' ' Did you evor lend him any money ?' — 1'hUadclpMa Record. Sunday School Toaohor — Oharlfiy, what will happen to the man who attends to hia ^dy at tho expense of hia soul? Charley iio ll got fat. — Hallo. Mammu— Willio, you must not interrupt mamma while she's speaking to ladiea. You must wait until sho stops. Willie— But, mamma, you never stop. Homaopathy — Sho — I alwayo liked yon roal woll until I found that you liked me. Ho — Why should that) make a difference ? ' She — Liko oures liko, you know. — Truth. Ono reason why eomo men swear ia bo oauso it dooB not tako any oourago or man liness to do it. — Sam's Horn. Convinoo some mon that it pays to be good and you oouhln't keep thorn oat of tbe ohuroh with a shotgun. Wind ia a vory useful eloment in tho pro pulsion of balloons and ships, but you oan't build railroads on it. — Trenton True Amsri oan. The man who ib soared at ghosts io afraid of nothing. Teaohor — ' What in tho passivo mood of tho verb 'to work?' Johnny — 'To loaf,' — Ohicago Record. MiBa Flirt— So you, would not tako ma to bo twenty 1 What would you tako ma for ? Mr. Fro3hly— For batter, for worse. Hoax — Do you believo that thirteen is a fatal number? Joax — Well, oil tho people who livod , in the thirteenth oentury are dead. As soon as somo people get a littlo monoy thoy provo by the way they uso it that thoy shouldu' t havo i t. — Atchison Oloba . Toaohor— Spell ' then.' Bossie (aged six) — T-h-e-n. Toaohor— ' Now, when tho 't' in taken away what remains? Bessie Dirty oupa and sauoors mostly. Sbe — 'You aro euro there 1b no evening paper f' He — ' Yea.' Sho—' Horrora I think of having to wait until morning to find ont what kind of a draai I wore at my own roooption.' — Chicago Inter Qetan. 897 