PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. Tbe P&BSIDBNT; (Mr*. Brentnall) read ber sddress, wblob wss of a very exhaus tive ebaraoter. After fraternal greetluge tbe addresa went on to say that tbe pest yesr bsd beeu obsrsoterised by grest financlsl depression, telling markedly on their roll of membership, and maoy of Idem bad been sorely tried, bat indi vidually snd oolleotlvelv (her had mnnh tn praise God for. Go'l had laid upon them a great responsibility -He did not ask them to acoompilxh aaytoiug, bu- tn try and try, and try. If tbey failed He would not bold them responsible. Let Ibem open their eyes very wide on ibis question, and take such ground as tbey could wish ibey bsd done at the judg ment esat, S-'*k earnestly for the energizing and vitalising power of the Hnly Spirit. Let th»m remember that their -euooess depended largely ou tue spiritual tone of tbeir Unl--n Siok pFreotiallties: and be en Imbu-it wii.h tbe Importance of the work iney wire privileged tn engage lo as to overlook aoy little thing that would otherwise irritate and annoy them. Say with Nebemiah, 'I am doing b great work ; ' 1 cannot come down ; cannot waste time In euch trivi alities, ana prsiy as ne prayen, ? my G--d, elreugtben thou my lunds.' Let tbeir* b- tne dignity ot Hnrvi.'v; b * eiow to tab. (iffencr. Lei men fnrget tiKir own impoituuce In tiiHV»st responsible lies of the worlt— Hi* work, and tbeir owo redpiineibllicy in c 'inu i.ia wi'ii ;i. Tbey may b* buiMuj; m-iier Ib»!i they bnew ; they cntiid not rj;ir.i :re ibeir intl uace, !-ul III'' c, »ju! ;--'9y t.i ia» (Jreat Mvj;er l;--: i .- b fs* iueir ettor's- It?b'' t-.-i.'.j uny hn— . tbat ibey *!)??! I:. M'- I. :.-ylnt; broa'i an i Jeep tbe ioOuti-iion of ibis Work. Paul's wo'.le to tljj fipbe-oiu* (4 Co. 2 v.) were q-iuled id exeinnlidua tioo. Tuey were eeitiog forces iu motion wbiob would go on luoreteing lo momentum until tbelr organisation would become an important factor ia tbe uprooting of miny evils wbleb were helping 10 demoralise tbeir people. Let them use tbelr highest luflienoe la eeek iug to set at liberty those wbo were bound in chains and fetters of their own forging, wbicn an uurignteous law and uuboly associations bad cist about them, and from which tbey cannot free them selves. Tbeir Union woe really a ' Home Protection Movement,' and (bey must never forget tbat Jesus Cbrlst was at tbe head ef all social reforms. He came as a Stvlour, and also a great soolal reformer. C*non Farrar thus writes of total abstinence: 'Millions of people bave, from couvlolioo, tbst suob a course Is wise in itself or helpful to others, become total abstainers. The abstract Qondemuation of tntsl abstinence, as a elo, a weakuess,ors beresy can only be obsrsoterised as a piece ot silly ignoraooe. Total abati oeuce, even from the most harmless form of fermeoled beverages, received not only tbe sanction, but tbe emphatic eulogy of eorlpture in ibe csseoftbe N-zsrenesaod toe Reobabites.' Asasiguoftbe advan cement of tempersnce, the address made reference to wbat bad recently been deolded in iVnrway, and tbe presentation In tbe Imperisl Parliament of a unique petition signed by 8331 ministers lu favor of tbe prlociple of (be direct veto bfl'. Tbe large iooreass In tbe returns of various temperanoe sooietles oonneoted with oburobes for tbe last year, as com pared witb tbe early days, indicated s strong anti-alcoholic sentiment. Iu tbe various British Bands of Hops tbere were 2 500 000 members pledged to total absti nence. (Applauae ) Lord Bosebery bad ssml-officially declared that tbe British Government wss plsdged snd oommltted to' tbe Dlreot Veto Bill, wblob would undoubtedly give power to cripple tbe liquor trade aa it bad never been crippled before. (Applsusr.) At the annual meeting of tbe British Temperance League, Sir B. W. Rlobardenn compli mented tbem on tbe rapid and growing strides tbst temperauoe was making iu the ranks of law, mediolne, and divinity, gaining fresh adherents, aud maintaining that tbe world of labour aud eport was With (hem iu oplnlou aa to (he beoefiis to be derived by abstinence from alcoholic drinks. Tbe marked progress made by tbe British Woman's lYmotrauoe Asso ciation bad tnnrougbly vindicated ibe sdoptlon of the '' Dj everything policy.' snd proved the wisdom and eagaoi'y nf its God-ippoluted leader, Lidy Henry Somerset. They might gam Inspira tion while rejoicing In their auocese, feeling tbey were one In slm, effort, ' and close fellowship wllb women who sre combining in other countries to try and raise -.ll whom tbey could influence toe higher level »t purity snd tbe truth sb It wss In Jeaur. It should be inlerestlnp to litem to know tbat receutly *o Imperial Temperance meeting wan held in Lojdou, under tie surplus* of Ibe Metropolitan VVrv '.ana' Temperanoe Union. Sr Wnfied Lawson presided, ami deolared thai (He national p.illoy was nUe of rsising revenue by promoting the ml-eiy of rtlme and the degradation of ibe people.. Many olber distinguished speakers addressed tbat meeting, and amongst tbe ssutlments expressed were tbe fonowiug : *' It la en couraging that the temperance move ment Is blooming Imperial 'no wrong 1* equal tn tbe wrung of tempting men te do wrong ;' ' It doca not matter wbo snld tbe drink It wo* alwsys sn ..nil .11 II mlul I. mnp.lln a,n never be commerolsliy right.' Dr. Cnyler's and B*v. J. Grsnt Mills' opinion* scalnat the liquor trslflo were slao given. Beferenoe wss msds to tbs dsputstioo bssdsd by Lsdy E, Blddulpb, to wslt upon Mr. F rye, who bsd blocked tbs bill for tbs sbolltlon of grooera' lloences. Tbey gave teatlmony from persousl knowledge of women wbo bad fsilen through ssoreV drinking promoted by tbeas lloenas*, but Mr. Frye deolared bir Intention of continuing bl* opposition to tbe Bill, snd tbe Isdls* determined lo oontlnue tbe sgltstlon to s suoosasful Issue, (Applauae,) Tbe case of Ml** Mary Pbllllpe, of Tottenham, tbs good Quaker lady wbom tbo publloans sued for msllolou* proseoutlon beosuaesho bad reported one of tbem tor selling Intoxl canta to a man slrsady under tbsir In fluence, wss referrsd to, snd tbe verdlot being given In ber favour, ws* counted m spptbsc coin (sooted for tbp muse, nf wotaeji tadtempittoosi Tbsjr all know tbst the women of KaJ v ! ' ' gained the- franchise »nd h,4 made Iheintelvea beard ihl ballot box on ,h. 2,i lJrn««h tb, fbelr deporlusnt and oaB new privileges will greatlv .n ,u,lt granllog of electoral rlgbt- f tb« women of t he oi her colonise tk lt,« of the W.C.T.U. did util ntre I .pnll'io In the ahairaui, Ii traffio aod other llaeat.,t eBn, h'. qu'' ?...led lo abolish. (AppUu^1 'S'» Irlennlal Australasian Wot it ventlou was aiioded toasonenfih C'D- Interesting eveuu of the ye#r sud tbe reoominendallona of the i. ,'*? of work c immlttee,' If f ?) ? -, e„ 1 1 „ |,|,t' uut. would do miob to X' ciuse. B-gret was egpreaaeil fi , '' Miss Ackermau. and the winb einr°'lt'i that she would be abundantly wherever she Isboura lu^^^:^, temperaoon, The nnpibitltl^ w Nloholls, the new AustraUslsu prM| were blgbly spoken of. Mrs n organiser, bad added tn her former ui, ?' by her successful oampalgu lo ih, '. 'I ' and her uostlmed eQoris in helninS the wnrk wherever practical* 5,°° Carvosso, tbeir corresponding »Fcrel,'e' ..luuug.. .uu.ewi.at uanoicapuej by.f'j domestic i ties, had done, ber uttnou t0 cheer and enooursge workers. Tm. il of Miss Willard, Lsdy Henry s™ and Mrs. Woodnrldge have notnnlv bteo an Inspiration to tbem but hiv» S tbem In tonob wltb tbe world's »„!? Beferenoe was made to the second Ri.„' nial Convention of tbe World's WOTn held at Chicago ou Ibe 16th and „',V October, 1898, at wblob thirteen cnj',1 t.f the world, while twice the delegates were represented. The ™ fui meetlbg-i held In connection io tbe Temperance Temple wercciitil llsnd by great power and full ol tn tbe thousands who attended, hnc'- lo spread a temperance epoilm^ throughout tbe world. To»y t',, that tbey were cot practical, boi th'e were doing as muob practical witk possible, and Instances were cite! To good wnrk Mies Ogg wae doios in coo nection wlih '.ue Bailors was siludtfl u in lerme of pratae. She wasdehnbtel i repmt to the Coofetenc9 that hy ibpsr;[ SHorifioiug, arduous work ot iniov in-m bers of IDe uolous in Brlebaoe and i suburbs tbey at length po-w--»:-ii m nucleus of a fund for 'bead qu,rt«r-' Tne annual temperance b -.-th at 'be Et blbilinn had been a euccu-s. They bi nlten been urged to do prsc) ical ttork and she cooleuded ihat this wotb intensely practical, and uni.^s tbe* provided c tUee aod good refio^timeij' basins ou pobiicoccaaioos ttieycouid m, hipect to C'lpa with tne ilqur ir,ig. A growing evil tbey ebould try »q CiunteiaCt was criciselera and vnijng u'hletea boiding their rue -ti^.n i-;.' I'. whera tbeie were nlvrays i»rg 'niit '? r.-.nmn avsllaidf. Tuu metut u. liiHin^ f ir Jii lks a a nnrt i-f ;i-i-iorah! u,nut.eij«''.tiou f irlheaecom.ii .ilj i,.. pti viaed tnd alas it meant uIhl) .h uing and Ijf.e i In - cooBriOitinu f * il] ?lowuwarti coiiree of many a biiKoty .ju, life. The pre*t?QC» to tiie bar ot oumiii largely inortfised the attraction and tbt should make sp.-ein edorte to belp yooii; women employed iu public b^usi?- »:,? procure li gi'lition tn prevent ill? eit ploymenlol barmaids. Tney vttt « bcrted to K've special attention u woman's fraochiee, systematic givior work amongst barmaids, cruaade wnri first wteh in July, social gtlherings in such oiaMsei as ihey wished to retcj, traffio in opium end other n.r O'.tics, Stbbatb observance and giui ling. Tbey ebould all rejoice that itic; Government were taking step^top^reci gambling literature belog tranemitted through the poatolfige, wltb a promise ol fnrtner measures to suppress tbe evil. Tbey should organise little temparasci lodges wberever practicable, eo that tbelr children might ba well Instruct io tht «'lentlBu aepeots at tbe drink qaeatioo The oblldren nf tti-lay will ba ibe met and women of tc-morrow, aud It arts itc peralive that tbey ahoold do their pit'. :i instil prlooiplea nf sobriety, punt;, and god 11 .ess into 'heir minds. Whit shall ibe bsrvest be? Tbe answer Till gre.tly depend upon their fidelity to tbe trust imposed. Tbe Y's are counselled to tw loyal to tbeir priuciplea, staunch wndtrc# io all ciroumiitanues, aud most of all to b) loyal to Cbriit. Sue aff-fctlunately es treated tbem to bring about an equl elaodard of purity for into aud woman. Tbey bad a right to demand it, and it lay very much wltb tbeir girls wbetbir tbe tooe of society was raised ot Ibis question or not. They ebnuU make it a matter of prlncipis rather than sentiment, and eouu:d be quick to resent any tendency to treat lightly aay approach to an op posite opiotoD. Tbe district convention msrk a distinct edvsnoe lo tbeir history, snd should belp to exteud and cooeolidtto tbelr work aod educate aud slitnoliit their workers. Tbere waa great oenl lor aggressive work, much of which tbe dis triot unions should try to arcominiEF. Qiime oiuia as iu t-ue luimai inw,.». . of new members Is conveyed io tlx report, and urging upon tbem tucuul»iie sisterly sympathy. Tbelr opportQDltin were increasing In all directions, and il waa very important tbat tbey should be diligent lo educating themselves for ths privileges wblob tbey enjjy, and H those likely to be granted in tbe dm future. Wblle sseking earnestly to eetn tbelr generation by tbe will of God they should carefully guard tbe flame of divm love within ibelrosn hearts, »nd ett»' to tralo aod Instruot tbelr hoasebold l in all tbat makes godliness. Tne 0« emootb stnues were within tbe reach o all, viz., faith, truth, love, prayer, a'.'« power lo the Holy Ghost. Oi not -»»?'? any of tbe details of tbe busioe's tn^-» ? Wbstever helps lo greater efficiency. »cl gives, locroas^d value to tbelr efforts. »?' ao aid in eecuriog saooesa, sad bavs Ibelr close attention, as ' d-v.^'i -n*i exercise* and evaogenesi ??ff.irt.. As trained snd skilled workm--) cmmauiktne best wag»s, and In ordiu tj lju-io.-n occupy confidential pneillon' tbelr offloers and euperlutendenU menissuould be specialists lo develop' tbe work wltn which Ihey are eotra-te » Let ibem aenk tn be thorough. «Dd et*''1 to do tbeir very best, Tbere was f1^ need tbst eu;ieriutendents should o. v oate and di-vise working plans, co-operate with tbe oolonlsl euperlp dents In carrying tbem our. Taey K*n'f' tbs energies, talents, sud wealth m ' sisters eullsied In Cbrlal's ?ert'5ei-„ .... ambitious to be sotlvely employed in ^ ' Advance column.' Tbey 'acted lol;ererr, but whole-hearted esrw ? ; women wbo were wililog to do sod nhriat T.et. (.hem bend all lr- , energies to tbs woik (bey b»d ln h'LI_ sod bring all their oonoentwud cpmm^ sense snd tbelr Influenos w lb tn sround tbem. together with sl ll»* dom, strength, snd grsos that hey': ?, I have from God to enable tbsin ^ f ORssfulstsndard-bsarer* and wlse-baiM' ^ Tbey were on tbe winning side. * i cbeetiul courage on. Be brave . to , it I* tbst ebail overcame His enein one sbsll obese a thousand, and two «u put 10,000 to flight. (Applause ) Mra. Williams bere gave h'®®11, ,' praysr. followed by a Bible readios Mm.Wm.es. Tbe following nffloers for tlif Coc ^ , tlon were appointed Mis*' Haw , Henry, Credential Committees, M M'Donaid aod Bot* Wiles, Mesi'0*^. Mlases Ground wstsr snd Stuart. U Min Hood, Islter-wrltsr; tlBO'g«lper MMroom'PODdMt; Mine* Lane tod njuii)D(li reporter Ura BMCTHN (Oolonlalorgsnleer), gave MWDDt of ber work of organisation linrlDS (be y»»r. Letter* and telegrams conveying greet inn for* soooe*»fol Convention were read from Brisbane, Sydnpy, Tasmania, Western Australia, Corlnda, Warwick. RnckbimplOD, Maokay, Buodaberti, Towoivllle. *t)d otber plaoes, Tbe dosology wee sung and adjourn ment mede for lunobeon. 