MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC NOTES. The «aie armai ni London oí Mr. J. C. William ¡, "otiied in the now generally accoptod fashion by an interview. The Australian entrepreneur Ljnot however, disclose the plans of his firm for tie next 12 months He merely contents himself with _unng readers of the Tia. that "throughout the _j bme, of Australia we have continued to exactly «nroduce every great London success We have W above water, and we sholl koop above water, iv the bad times are past" I« o botter nowa than tbl« could be given to ptavgoors on this side, who look to Messrs Williamson and Musgrovo for sorao twmoro than ordinary theatrical management on a "mmercial basis, and who view with pleasure the uti-tio enterprise which has givon thom the ""hardi season and tho over memorable porforni _<»» of " Cavallcria Rusticana," " Paghacci," and «L'AtBico Prit/ " But, if ho says littlo of his futur, r3«is. Mr Williamson is not reticent about thsput- The career of leanlent artists is so taken for «»ted by those amongst whom they liv e, that it cur not bo out of placo to rommd our playgoers Mut Mr Williamson was for ilvo ycare a niembxr of ti, late James Wallack's famous comedy company HMppeared m Augustus Daly's first piece, when Hut dramatistand managorwa3 n. momber of tho Now Tork press, and ho then reioined Wnllack's company jor» further penod of two j ears In the early "nntieaMr Williamson, by that time widely known u» dialect actor and low comedian, appeared under Jl'Cullough's management in San Francisco «Struck Oil "was here pioduced with Miss Maggie Moore, and m 1874 the samo durna hadapheno nenal'rumn Sydney and Melbourne Tow play- goer, here aie aware that the Williamsons played m london In 1875 thoy werojeugaged by Mr Chat- terton for one month at the Adelphi Theatre, and «Teatually contmuod their season at that house for _ ~hre year-from Laster to Easter. " Arrah-na Pogue" was produced with a Uno cast, which in- cluded Mr William Ternss and Mr Shiel Barry After that, the principals -visited tho English pro races, and thence going to India and tho East retched America once more, after completing in three «us then" tour of the world It waa tho poisessionof "H M S Pinaforo " that brought Mr Williamson to Australia again six or seven years after hu first visit Mr Musgrove waa then managing (ha "Tambour Major " Company , Mr Garner's interests were in comedy and drama These two umlgamated with him to form the triumvirate which was so long an important factor in the sum of the ,tncal hfe in this part of the woild During his present stay in London Mr Williamson will probably boy ti» dresses used nt tho Savoy m " Utopia united," and he may also purchase the rights of «tittle Christopher Columbus " The Bolle Cole concert party aro duo at Adelaide tv the Ormuz on Tuesday ne\t, under agreoment to Mr W H Poole, for a series of concerts in Aus- tralia The party will consist of Madame Bello Colo, th, famous contralto, now aestmed to tako tho place vacated by Madame Patoy. Miss Tmily Spada, who ung the soprano music m the last Crystal Palace performance of "The Golden Legend" Miss Henrietta Murkens, the Utrecht violinist, Mr Phillip Newbury, who was the tenor at the last Christmas production of tho " Messiah " by the Boyal Choral Society at the Alb-rt Hall aud Mr Charles Magrath, a joung Irish basso, who ra 1S9! used his career at the Royal College of Mu« c as Morley Scholar On Thursday next the new comers will make their debut at the Adelaide Tov n Hall, under the direction of Messrs C T Stevens and Ï A Howells Three or four concerts will probably be given, and they will next appear in Melbourne, thus delaying their Sydney soason until the 15th May. Before co-onerating with the Svdnoy Phil- harmonie Society in tho June festival, Madame Cole and her party will give a series of concerts m Brisbane. The London papers state that Madame Patey's funeral was largely attended nud that the grave at Brompton was covered with flowers Mr Lloyd and Mr Santley who had long standing concert engage- ments at Queen's Hall, each sent his san to roprescnt him Amongst those who stood bv the grave of the peat singer were Mesdames Mnnan M'Kenzie, Anna Vi llhams, Hilda \\\ llson. Trust, and Boiling broke Messrs Ambiose Austin, Vert Otto Gold .cbmidt, Poirpoint, Hirwen Jones, Ganz, Kuhe, ¿val!, and ii orman Salmond Sir Arthur Sullivan was at Monto Carlo but ho was represented hy his Mcretary Madame Albani was in Germany, but she wat a wreatn Mr Bon Davies was on the ocean on route to the United States, but he also sent flowers while Mesdames Mary Davies, Clara Samuell, Mario P.. s, and Hutchinson, and Mr M'Gnrkin weto in t» oonntrv, and were unable to do more than send neraonal wreaths Howers wero likewise received from Madame Arabella Goddard, one of Madame Patey's oldest friends, and from Mr J. L. Toole, the comedian Mr Arthur Lawrence, lato o' the Brough-Bouci cault Comedv Company, wntes to friends here that, after his successful appearance in the Now "i ork pro- duction of Ib'en's " Ghosts," ho was at once engaged by Mr Dan Frohmauu for two jtnrs Prior to his fine impersonation of Pastor Monders he says that he "could get noone to look at lum " He adds that the best public m New York laugh at melo- drama, and insist that in future it will never again bs seen m the Broadway, ' especially after ' ^ Woman's Revenge ' having turned out a failure " In this production Mi Lnwrt.nco appeared as the unscrupulous solicitor and nrch villain of the piece» and, according to the ?\cw\ ork Jlriald, made " tho hit of the evening playing with capital distinction, Are energy and ndmirablo polish " The Royal Comic Opera Comp my, which closed its Melbourne season yesterday, will be succeeded hy Mr Bland Holt s coinnauv in " A Woman's Re- venge ' The oper* company now begins a prov mcial tear, in connection with which the management offered the Ballarat public a ehoico of four works from the repertoire of pieces both now and old The result oi the plebiscite was distinctly in favour of well-worn operas "Paul Tones" headed the lis* with 1427 vote« after which came " Dorothy," " The Mikado "and "La Mascotte" A fow votes h-hind Andran's opera stood "Tho Vicar of Brav " but thero was no special demand for the other new works Miss Annis Montague and Mr Charles Turner have returned here from Honolulu hv the Alameda Min Montague's visit to her island homo Ia «ted five months and was one long holiday or fetes and «ntertunments given ni her honour bv the principal tersonases of the Hawaiian group Miss Montague had the pleasure of hearing hir mother Mrs Cooke wko is now over SO sing "Home Street Home" With a purdy of tone which few mortals retain nt anything like that age rho populnr opeiatie artislo comes of a long-lived race however as her grand- mother attained the venerable age of 9i years Mr and Mrs. Turner will now eettlo down again m their Svdeey home for a time Tlaygoers will regret to learn that Miss Myra Kembla is leaving for Enplaud bytheOrova from Adelaide nexn\ ednesdnv m order to consult Dr Breiton Hicks her physician in London The Aus- tralian actress is visiting England solely in the interests of bei health Some uneasiness was causod in theatrical circles w» bv an allusion m Ti- Tit- to " the lato Mr Fred Maccabe" Mi Maccabe allays this feeling hy writing himself to explain that ho is, on tho con- kar*, very much alive, having settled down on a Sn« estate m Wombourne, near Wolvc-hamnton There he is taking his well earned rest "with many Ond!y recollections of frenfls m the antmodes " M. Henri Kowalski returned to Sydney on Tues- day after as absence of some weeks with M. Staell in Victoria. In addition to the appearances in Mel- bourne already notified the two artists were the stars of Miss Lalla Miranda's farewell provincial tour and played under Mr. W. T. Turner's manage- ment at Ballarat and Geelong. Hut the post nt ,itj orja nisi is not altogether a «_ ""V " 8llDW" ^ ""» fn<,t ">«t ''»«ng br ~"," "ara' term of oflice Mr Wiegand Ins tran Kniicu.os manusenptsfromvanoiis sources During «at period Mr Wiognnd lins with his ern hands wansenhed no fewer than "I operatic fantasias for S?i.i TCï, '" 1" oof of which ho forwards a com- plete list "f th» W01i,, ih», trent-d 1.T» nMIM C"1»*1« » home starred ns luvende Hf,;'11 o£ "<. Coni-n, Cairs " Sowing Hie rw? ,ComP1">* 'or the r.clish province, Mr lo«r ,.î'??t,0'nl '"tioRn^ed the "d-iit younr »lil i, hlRl,lT l,rws"1 and Mr W II \crnon nl=o J^^ninAustialu is making a hit ns old Mr .lnT»..Ia,lrf,lcî C""1»!»» an English teaeher of _Äi ?'° imh from 1no Lon<1°« Polytechnic Rid..*« locution iiotilien clscvvhciohismnv.il in SïT/«. , "»twiner who intends settling here «locution at the Launceston Hign School (Anl-3 í?m sthe Hoto1 .'" riandics, Anvers troT^P) Missrioronce Menk-Meyor forwards a FÎwri^°?letc Royalo de 1 Harmonie on the 2fith w.rTïl7 ?Sl « Clas"° an(1 or,f-"ial compositions If I\? Í1 "'?' !"lcct',?'1)T th" ' ustralian pianiste _üi.hí P ° carr"'tl 01lt> AIr rawi» 1 mr will b_îef^,,.COn;T,mí,'lt<, hl" long-tnlked-of return to ¿S* , Ho ha> »'El'«! articles to play lead in a tSedTwf v0-mî'1,5' J?' Mr Ar,h"r Uriinscomhe, en _te m.n ?B-1V,a"Jc^ wluch ,V|U be Produced o¿ the V»Mh.Ä « fil*"** T""»'" Misses Kate »wika» »ad Mabel Love will »lso he in the cast. 