\- BOUND THE WOKLD. A VICTORIAN SEPTUAGENARIAN'S EXPERIENCES. In a handsomely got up and well illustrated volume, a respected Melbourne citizen records his impressions of a journey round the world in 1890. Thongh printed for private circu- lation only, if we may judge by the pleasure and profit derived from its perusal, the pub lishers; Messrs Ford and Sod, Carlton, will have many applications for copies. The well-known figure of Mr W. levers, sen., ig familiar to most Mel bourne residents ; few however, know that the staid old gentleman, who for forty years has gone out and in amongst us, had spent a stormy and adven turous youth in the British Navy, seeing service on many seas, meeting with adven tures in many lands. To his naval experiences he added those of a pioneer in Canadian forests before finally settling down in Mel bourne. Here by strenuous and un wearied industry, he has won for him self a position of comfort, and the respect of his fellow-citizens. Strong in will, like Tennyson's Ulysses, he could not bring him self 44 to rust unbnrnished, not to shine in use so in 1890, accompanied by his son, the popular member for Carlton, he old gentleman started to explore new lands and revisit old scenes. In a faithfully kept and unpretending journal of each day's experiences, he recorded his impressions of men and manners, and he has now, in his 4 4 Fifty Years' After: or Old Scenes Re visited," given these permanent form. In a kindly and sympathetic preface, Mr James Moloney, with admirable literary tacr, intro duces his old friend, and rings up the curtain. The journey itself, including visits to Egypt, Palestine, Italy, France, Great Britain, Ire land, Canada, and the United States was a remarkable feat for one of Mr levers' years. Still more remarkable is the personality re vealed in its record. To the keenest tus- ceptibility for all that attests material pro gress and prosperity there is added that responsiveness to the storied and romantic past only possible for a well -cultivated mind. Due note is taken of the benefits of British inflaence in Egypt, of the new life in re generated Italy, of the soual betterment of the working classes in England and Ireland, and of the social problems in course of solution in the Is'ew World. Bat not less interesting are the pas sages which chronicle the emotions stirred by the sights of Jerusalem, by the Jordan and other sacred scenes, by Pompeii, Rome® ; Stratford- on -Avon, Abbotsford and other spots famed in story. Old age has come to the writer as 44 a lusty winter, frosty, but kindly," leaving unchiiled the genuine catholicity of spirit which glows on ever; page, undeadesed the simple, childlike piety, of which this unpretending record furnishes so many proofs. We cull one or two extraots for tne benefit of our readers. A BENDIGQNIAN AND THE RESURRECTION. J 44 We were nearing Colombo. Daring the night there was heavy rain and a thick fog ; so much so that the captain, for safety, slowed the engines and kept blowing the fog horn. A Jewish gentleman, who > ails from Sandhurst, was woke up out of his sleep by the horn blowing. Startled by the fearful noise, in the confusion, and only half awake, be took it into his head that the ship was being lost, and that it was the blowing of . the horn which is to assemble all the Children of Israel in Palestine at the last day. This gentleman was greatly comforted on dis covering his error, and said he was in no harry to visit that country so long as he could help it. Possibly champagne over night had something to do with his delusion. However, we have to thank him for a good laugh." 4 4 An amusing incident at Colombo will gladden the heart of Mr Fitzgibbon : THE MAGIC OF A NAME. 41 Daring our brief stay in Colombo we chartered several vehicles, each holding four persons, and made up a party to visit the suburbs, cinnamon groves, markets, and a famous Brahma temple, and also to explore the native town. Two or three miles out we came on a museum of very pretentions ap-' pearance. It was then 9 o'clock, and the doorkeeper said it would not be open to anyone till ten, as the curator and other high officials had not arrived. The morning was very hot, and we were all anxious to get under shelter, so my son resolved to test the Sower of the Melbourne Corporation intro- uction, with its formidable gold seal and Town Clerk's letter, on the official mind. It was enclosed in a crimson moroc30 case let tered in gold. I, as the senior member off the "company, presented it to the door-keeper. He took it inside for a few minutes, then the chief attendant, accompauied by other of ficials, appeared in person, bowing in the most courteous manner, and motion ing to us and our friends to enter the building. I suspect he most have thought us very important personages, as our credentials were a perfect 44 open sesame," and in the most poiite manner he showed us all over the building. Relics of the past of every kind were here to be seen, both in their natural state and pre served—birds, beasts, fishes, gods hnd goddesses, jewellery two thousand years old armor of the quaintest kind. We thanked the janitor, and after the usual backsheesh to the attendants, bade him good-bye, mounted our carnages, the officials bowing low to ground, and drove off." 6 6 , mournful interest gives value to the following kindly ana sympathetic notice of A LAMENTED MELBOURNE PASTOR. " Sunday, 9th March.— We expect this evening to enter the Straits of Bebelman- deb, the entrance to the Red Sea. Church service was conducted in fcBfe saloon by the Rev. Mr Ross ; and the Rev.Mr Banning, assisted by Mr Ross, conducted two religious services on the second cabin deck. Mr Ban ning appears to me to be a very zealous, God fearing man. Mrs Banning renders great service by visiting and assisting a lot of poor sick people in the steerage of the ship, and I have heard several of them speak in the most grateful terms of her kindness and bharity towards them." POMPEII. " What a mockery of human greatness and human vanity is a walk through this silent city of the dead. There is one cursed section of it that conveys an awfnl lesson to all moral thinking men, that special portion devoted to nameless vices, which, thank God, a laige portion of the Christian world is perfectly ignorant of. Such prac tices were degrading to ' our common human nature, " but so debased and sank in sensuality must these people have been that the common shame whioh usually accompanies these evil practices was not known to them. In the various chambers where these unnatural orgies took place the walls are covered with filthy pictures in fall detail, so well executed that after the lapse of eighteen hundred years many of the colors and figures are still perfect, and no one who sees them can fail to loathe those vile produo tions and their authors. No wonder, I think, that the same fate that befell the cursed cities of the Plain — Sodom and Gomorrah — whose site we had lately visited on the dead sea shore, befeil them. I was glad to observe that no females or youths are permitted to inspect these rooms ; a soldier goes with each party to see that the rale is complied with. As a wind-ap to the visit to Pompeii, we went to the National Museum, and, as an object lesson, it has made an indelible impression on my mind. There exposed to view are all the appliances that make every-day life enjoyable ; those ancient people knew all abont them, most things we enjoy m our daily life are there, and as for the jewellery and articles in gold and silver, set with precious stones for female adornment, they are there in profusion. Loaves of bread and confectionery found in the bakers' ovens are there perfect in form. The sight, too, of the poor bodies of men, women and children, just as they were found, some in apparent agony endeavoring to shield their faces from the burning lava is sad indeed : amongst them lie a poor woman and her daughter clasped together in the last mortal agony.'' Mr levers found the New Rome of land booms and jerry- builders' triumphs not at ail the Rome of his imagination 4 He had however, no cause to complain of his recep tion. Among the high-placed dignitaries of the Pontifical court he fonnd some who cherished most kindly memories of Melbourne So for the sake of oid times difficulties were smoothed away, etiquette had to relax its rales, and by special favor our author and a party of his fellow travellers Lad AUDIENCE OF HIS HOLINESS, THE POPE 44 At a quarter to twelve our party set out in three carriages for the palace of the Vatican, and were met at the foot of the grand stair case of white marble by the Sw ss Guard, a fine-looking set of men in semi-armor and fifteenth century dress, armed with long, formidable- looking pikes and shore swords ; the dress quaint, but soldier- like. We mounted those beautiful stairs leading to the private apartments of t he Pope, and were soon in the midst of, evidently, the holiest, the fairest and the bravest in the land. S >on we fonnd ourselves in the large apartment ad joining the Grand State Room, in which his Holiness receives his visitors, and after oar letter of admission was 44 visaed " by officials of most solemn appearance, we were intro- daoed into the reception room, an apartment of most gorgeous and splendid appearance, with a rich, ancient -looking tapestry pour- traying Scripture and historic subje its. A raised velvet divan ran all round the room, the centre being altogeth-r uno icupied. Among the grand officials that we met before entering the reception room I recognised Monsignor O'Brien, a dignitary whom I remembered as a guest at the bouse of our respected priest in Carlton, the Rsv. Father O'ConnelL Monsignor seemed to be a leading personage here, and spoke most kindly to us. In the grand reception room . we fonnd a crowd of ecclesiastics, ladies, gentlemen, all seated, and evidently of exalted rank, judging from the atten tion paid to them by the house hold prelates and officers of the court. After a short delay a slight buzz was heard, and at the far corner through a doorway ap peared His Holiness. surrounded by numerous attendants, cardinals and bishops. All at once fell on their knees, and the Pope, who was dressed plainly in white flannel, or very light cloth, with orimson skull cap and crosses on his white shoes, very thin, slightly bent with years, but of a most amiable ap- pearanoe, commenced to progress slowiy round with a kind word or other ex pression to every one, signing most of them with the sign of the cross on their forehead. Of our company Willie and I were farthest from him. I caught the words 44 Australia,1' 44 Protestant," uttered by the errand secretory. When he was in front of our company he seemed pleased, and elevated himself when addressing our non- Catholic fellow-tourists, speaking a kind word to each lady and gentleman. When he reached us, I being nearest, he paused. The Cardinal said, 44 Catholic, father and son." He Bpoke in Italian, and the Holy Father laid his hand on my head. I asked bis blessing 'for self and family, whioh he imparted to me most solemnly, and gave me his ring to kiss which I did m the most reverent manner. He passed on to Willie, who was evidently much affected, and dealt with him muoh as he had done with me. Many of t he visitors had quantities of beads and relics to receive the Apostolic benediction with themselves. When the Dope had gone quite round to the pkoe whence he started, he suddenly advanced unattended, and alone into the centre of the room, all assembled being en their knees, and elevating himself to his fullest height he threw his hands high over hie head and said that we were all the children of God, our oommon Father, and as such he bleaaed us. He then dropped his left hand, and signing the cross in the air over us all, tufipjirted to'usAahA \ A families the ApoMp benedicUon in the 1 name of the Fatner\mMi and Ghost. At this monifeafhh jacfeim Vycs- awe- inspiring, several sobbing loudly, and all deeply impressed with the solemn scene. His Holiness then took his departure, and we went baok.to our hotel highly pleased and edified." Gladly would we follow Mr levers to England, Scotland, Ireland and America The interest of his volume rises step by step as he treads familiar ground, and notes the results of fifty years of change. There is much that is new and suggestive in hispid tures of the homelands, but our space com pels us to part from him. There is both pleasure and profit to be derived from the peruB&l; of his delightful volume, and we are sure that no one will close it without an in. creased feeling of admiration and respect for the venerable anther. dohx Reid. 