[?] ROMANCE OF THREE LIVES. [By Gehteude Warden.] Chapteb Yr-A Hatinted , House. — [GoiUihued.'] ^, ' ' So Felice had gone on hoping, against hope until to-night, when the airy castle of her pleasurable fancies Lad resolved itself into the frigid gloom of Stoneroyd, and the ? still' colder welcome from its inmates, and. into all the painful and depressing incidents of that most miserable evening. 'fr';. Tears would come, in spite of .Felice's efforts to choke them down. ' If lean ionly/ g'o'itp sleep, and for get who anid where -I fain!' she thought springing ^.,'from ^the^bed^^ resolved,, on; unpaclcing at oncer in* order to hasten1 that desirable consummation. . ? ,-; ;?-'. But a search in her pockets demonr strated the fact that she had left her keys' in1 her purse, and the^'urse ins fermiiff in the diniogrbom, when she; tad '.hurriedly .??left it after ;.' reloekirig j her bag. ?' \^,-X'- ? .? ;'.';??????' .??^-?'?;/-:'; ~ 'Had' bef' husband caught sight of- i the muff, and investigated its contents; after she had- .4eft!the room ? f Felice^ wondered... ' f^iry;-?'^ ,-:.f? ?. ;? ; : ?-?- -jf-) v'Th'erbag was safe with her ; but her j anxiety about the keys prompted herj to ?-?descend i to the grourid-fioor in i searcn ofthem; '. - ; ?It ; was; a; little past eleven o'clock. Lady-;! Fentori : was still talking to LduiBa, ,'arid had long ago made, her last appearance downstairs. Glancing alo.ng , the corridor^ Felice saw more than one pair of i manly boots outside closed doorsi'and naturally concluded -jthT^Tthewhole fami ly had repaired to . ? .bad. y- ??'''?'.:''.. v; '?? ?'?''? ?-(',' ' r: ?.?/',- ? y- '?;%?' The -gas in the hall was turned *SJotot-- -lnw. and irrthfirdrawine'-rnnrh / »as Felice could see through tbe open door,- it was altogether extinguished. O nly- l one ;;' burner was alight, , in the dming-roomf'':wfi.icti;'.wras pervaded by a strong smell' of tobacco ; but as the ?whole -house was strongly perfumed iinjjhe same way, Felice hardly noticed tnis.^J h±':::.r- ???' ? : .: / , ;;- ???? ??'?? -v ; '. jNpr did she ot serve that she was not' alone. Of the great bay-windows which were among the principal fea tures of Stoneroyd, the dining-room possessed one ~ a deep embrasure, ?pravided with low window- seats, and gL\ufc off from the rest of the room by thi^ brown rep eurtains. Behind these' Maurice Fenton waB stretched, smoking a, pipe, and looking lazily up through .'the unshuttered windows to the mist V moon, from which the humid clouds we're melting, and which was just visible1 from the northern side of the liouse above the bare branches of th'e elin\ treeB' which 'fined the avenue. This was a favourite perch of Mau rice's. Here, with his head resting; ?conifprtably on cushions, and his long; limb's stretched partly on the three-' ?sided window seat, and partly on the. Tiig below, he would lie down and dream ;away many a half-hour, shut off from the rest of the world Dy cne Drown ?curtains, with a pipe and his collie «dog, Tweedie, as his sole companions. A time when the rest of the family ?bad gone to bed was the most favour able for these solitary walking fancies, .and' Marcus's early retreat up-stairs on this particular evening gave Mauricejust the opportunity he wanted ifor quietly thinking oyer the events .of the past few hours. Of course ha was disappointed-— jgreatly disappointed — over the result *of those fiveyears of saving and self denial, and of most uncongenial work, which had produced only the inade quate sum of fiye hundred and nine pounds sixteen shillings and eight pence. '.-'-. ? ''?.-, ?'? ,?;?? -..\ ' ;: : ---..,. ? Yet I suppose' I could throw up iron and go to Borne on. five hundred pounds,' he mused ;, but it's astonish ing how' the grubbing habit' grows, upon a man.- Lain .now filled with a burning desire to.double and treble that sum. This will probably end in ,my; putting the lot in some rotten speculation, which will enrich Ub pro moters and leave me without a half penny. Poor old Marcus, it's worse for him ; that's a serious blow that ' takes him : off to bed before 11 o'clock. ''?- ' The part he can't- get over, and I can't get over,is that insufferable shark ; getting it.The very presence, olJiobert in the same ;;house with me seems to awaken all the demon' in: me. Some day. we must reckon, uphold scores at close quarters, and, then Heaven send I may be-in good condition anid able to stop short of murder.?' ... , .- . Very dangerous 'his' 'face' looked iriJ the faint moonlight, with the heavy brows drawn closely together, forming a sable band over the red-brown eyes. Unconsciously his fingers, which were laid on tbe head of the collie at his side, closed on the animal's silky hair, and Tweedie,unused to any but kindly treatment at his master's hand,uttered a whine of remonstrance. '.I apologise, Tweedie ; I took you ?for!;; a:' relation !' Mnurice explained. And the dog appeared satisfied by the apology, and rubbed his nose fondly against his sleeve. 'It's the luck of the very old gentleman that the fellow has,' the young man reflected, as he refilled his pipe. ' A beautiful girl, or at least a girl who moves and speaks beautifully, as soon as .he, feels inclined- to 'get married ; arid a fortune of eleven thousand pounds, and1 squandering all be could beg, borrow, or steal from other people! ' Wot but what I've a presentiment, he's caught a tartar in madame. Those cold, self-possessed young women, who can give you as good as you bring in conversation, and .drive a hard money bargain with their own husband?, chill all enthusiasm in me. I respect my cousin-in-law, I pity her with all my soul for having married such a black sheep asTJobert, and I wouldn't have been, in her shoes when she first came, to this very unwelcoming household to-night for a good deal.. It's worse than penal servitude being married to a semshand dishonourable and selfish cur. But I think the new Mrs Fenton can hold her own, and dispense with my .sympathy ; and a but steel Venus is nofer.calculated to excite it.' v ;' ' -'Wi\\. 'JL/':':- '?? \; \ As these reflections crossed Mau. rice's mind a slight sound within the dining-room made him turn his eyes from the moon outside , -towards the direction of the curtains. Tweedie, with a dog's quicker instincts, was already sitting up on the watch. Was it Louisa or Margaret come to put the gas out? . ;; ' ;.' ; \But this was a much lighter footstep than theirs, and when the collie, '.. recognising this, rose and softly parted the heavy curtains with his nose, Maurice, entrenched among s the shadows, saw the gislight from within the room shining down- on the bent head of a most beautiful girl, whom 'at first be hardly recognised as that 'too self-possessed bride of whom he ; had been thinking. ; Felice had found her muff, which ?had slipped under the table, and she iwas now carefully examining its con-, tents, with an anxious contraction of ler brows/ . ! . : . . She thought herself alone, and all need for further self-restraint gone. Her soft, dark , hair, touched with ruddy chestnut tints whefe the light struck upon if, was loosened from the customary elaborate neatness of its, coils on tlfe top of her well-set head j her fair face was flushed^ and her gray eyes were pathetic with unshed tears. She no longer. looked a. 'well bred, well dressed Frenchwoman, but a beautiful English girl of 19, who felt very' unhappy, and who showed it in every lino of her sensitiveiface. : Even as she stood she sighed, and when she, had discovered Her. keys she lingered still— going to the fire, and stretching out her hands over it, ; partly to warm .them,' arid partly in a little; hopeless gesture, accompanied by. another and still deeper sigh. ' ' ' ; Maurice, in his hiding-place, between pity, surprise, and admira tion, could not take bis eyes* from h'er. :As'anV''art?Btj:..;'''i[is aesthetic require ments were fully satisfied by the beau tiful lines of her figure.. '. Asa man , he was deeply touched, by the: forlorn : annnooa jit lion 'Pana ' '?'-. . '?'.'? ; v. But, guessing that a revelation of his presence would, in all probability, startle and annoy her, he remained perfectly still, while Tweedie, after one ^backward look at his master, as though; asking permission for the action, stole forward, and proceeded to hover round Felice, wagging1 .his tail with the universally friendly spirit which characterises'' the^collie;*^ O Felice, who was fond of animals, knelton the hearth-ru'g-td' stroke him. As she did so, her thoughts flew back to her childish days in Yorkshire, and to the long1 walks her 'father used to take on Sundays, with vhis little girl by his , side, and his dogs .bounding along before him. ? , ''*£-?..? '''-, ' A.t the1 time, she had not been con scious of any extraordinary well-being; but now, the mere thought of the'grey- hound, the Newfoundland, and the eollie, recalled to her memory by Tweedie's friendly overtures,' sent the long repressed tears 'crowding into Felice's eyes and rolling down her cheeks. ? , _ Her father loved her ; she had been dear and necessary to him. Of whom in this worldcould she: say as much ;now?. ' '--?:?'?'?'?'??? : '.'?? -''??-' Not, certainly,her grandparents,whp had not scrupled to display their satis faction at marrying her off before she: was twenty. ' Nor her husband— that was the bitterest thought of all,- ; To him, as she knew now, she had merely represented so many pounds, ahillings, and pence. She had merely been taken as a necessary adjunct of her dot. Beside this discovery, so coarsely brought before her by Eobert Fenton, in that very room only a few hours be fore; the coldness and indifference shown, her by his relatives— and especi ally by;;his mother-^counted for little. They'were but painful additional details in the desolate picture of a lonelyr and- shipwrecked life painted upon Felice's mental vision. Her tears fell thick and fasti upon her hand s clasped roun d Tweedie's neck. The dog, perceiving her sorrow, sprang upon her knee, trying to lick her face, and Beeming anxious by his: demonstrative affection to. atone for the . unfriendly conduct of the other members of the Stoneroyd household; ' Felice thought so, at least, and laughed through her tears an instant. But her gaiety was only momentary. A little later, and she had broken down altogether, and was resting her head ' on a chair by the fireside, her whole frame shaken by passionate sobbing; 'If I could die !— if I could die !' she moaned ; while Maurice, who had started to his feet overwhelmed with pity at sight of her grief, stood hesita ting behind tbe: curtains of the recess, ^~* ignorant of any means of comforting her, and growing hot and cold with alternate longing to serve her and to personally chastise her husband. Poor Tweedie, running backwards and forwards from the weeping figure at the fire to his master atthe.window, must have attracted. Felice's attention at any other time; As ?. it 'was she sobbed for fully ten minutes,, indiffer ent to anything that might be happen ing around her ; then, with % white cheeks and swollen eyelids, she rose, and with a parting caress -to .Tweedie, whose unexpected show of affection had provoked from her: this outburst, she walked slowly and wearily upstairs to the dressing-room, where, flinging herself dressed as she- was 'upon' the bed, she slept heavily. untilr the; morn ing—the deep, dreamless sleep'bf men tal and- physical .exhaustionr.'';*:'.'.':^'.'.'.-'' : 'By; Jove!' was Maiir]ce's eole audible comment, as he caime from his hiding place; , . ???/ ??; ???? '.:??--?? Then he blinked, 'and brushed his hand ov.er' his eyes; after which he proceeded to make much of his dog, as though the animal had^ very speci ally distinguished himself. ^???.??t-w. -^ That melting- look of ^chivalrous compassion which i had ;?. come .-intbi his face at sight, of the, lonely .figure i sobbing1. at the fireside: was 'still 'there whenj as ? h^' wais1 m'o,untin:5;;.tq:.-Kis. ! ro6m' a little later,1, ke,en-ey,e'd 'liouisa i met him. dn'the;Stairs.« ^Yg ,tij' ;4 v. '??.???:. ?- I 'Eh, Mr Maurice!r You rlookr as if iyou'd seen th'e'ghost!' -she' exclaimed, i lowering her voice a1 little'on 'the ' last jword;':- ??; -: ?'?'?'' '? ''?? ''';?'~^.:i'^'/'~'.'' \ ^Maurice frowned, /. ?? '? :; - - ; ' Look here, Louisa,' he i said j ' don'fc :you start telling Mrs Eenton any, of those cock and bull stories about Stoneroyd being 'haunted; ; It's dull 'enough here, ill' all conscience, with |out that additional attractionv'; ? ' I ' It isn't me that spreads them tales, sir,' returned Lbuisa, ; ,.' but .there's j no ideny in': it iis haunted, whetherah speak; iofitorno.' \~-:i\ .?::???.'?: :-.? :--iJ ;v;;VV', ;J-:.i 0HAPIEBVI.T--AFOEBrpDENSTJSJEbr. ; Cold and stiff Felice felt when she awoke in the early gray of the ^follow ing morning. ;.?''.! ; : ;? :- ? ? ' ' ???? For a few moments it was impossible x for her' to' realise where sher wasr— ' '?? whether in that bedroom of a Parisian hotel where she ! had spent - so. many lonely half-hours during .her honey moon, pp-back in the- large' and airy, if somewhat chilly, apartment she1 had occupied for six years'at the Chateau Desjardins. ? .*.h/- /?:? . :?:??- 20 .?? ,??-? m _ j With a Clearer recolle.ctiqn . of her ?',', . exact circumstances; there/: earned an overwhelming sadness which, prompted her to bury her face in the pillows again, arid which did away TwithA all desire to rise and face . . whatr , to?day might bring forth. : ' Till death, us'do part!', v, . . The words were ringing in herj-ears as though they had been tolling near her all the night. ;: ; ' Belief at her husband's absence came as ; a ray of brightness among her , gloomy thoughts. -; But even now . Felice crushed down the sentiment as something alriiost sinful, iridieating a perversity in her own nature. 'He. doesn't want mer— he dislikes me, and I— well, try aB I might, ! I don't think I could ever love him. If it-were not for that wretehed money which I persist in keeping, I don't think I shoul i have much need ~ for: troub- i^ ling myself about him. He would/'' T~~^ leave i me here, or anywhere to get rid of: me. 'I wonder how T dared to, cross him lastnight. It was like a Budden inspiration that made me feel years older, and wiser, and sadder in a few seconds, of time. 'Part with your money, and you part with your value—with all that stands between you and desertiont, perhaps starva tion,' it seemed to tell me. 'You are friendless, in a cold, hard, world ; your marri'apie has been a terrible mistake, -and it' was to guard against the con sequences of such mistakes that your father j settled his money so closely, upon you. ;Tf you do not, protect your own interests, no one will.' But what a horrible, doctrine !' exclaimed Eelice,. starting from the bed, and going- to the window, 'and what a detestable woman I shnll become if I am forced into always following it, and into always leading a selfish life, loved by none, useful to none !' Sbe dashed .the tears from her eyes, and, drawing back the blind, gazed out or the window. '-.-??????? It was, a gray November morning^ but not specially unpleasant for the time of year. The town of Cloneld lay shrouded in misty vapour, above which here and there tall factory chimneys reared their heads in lines of darker gray. In her present lone linefs Felice felt glad of the, proximity of the town, reminding her as it did of aworld outside the Penton family, and; holding out hopes of ultimate escape. Escape from what ? Go where she might, she would still be Robert Teuton's wife, bound to -a man of whose true character she hardly dared to think. 'Felice turned from' the' window. restless and miserable. The sound of a church clock somewhere on the road down to the town striking seven re called her to her actual surrouD dings of the moment. jiAU her life she had been an early riser, being accustomed to receive her cafe au lait and roll at half-past seven every; morning: She was too much troubled : to be conscious of the fact, but a protracted fast since noon on the preceding; day undoubtedly hel ped to' darken the gloom with which her re flections were shrouded. -' ??????''?? (To he continued.) 