Was it a Ghost they Saw ? M~s. H I. JEsstGs lives at No. 21I..Main Street, Bridgeport. and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order One night early in December (zbtL) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the hous-. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his tace was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleam. ing through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women tied screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all thedoors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? S** During a recent period ofaill health." writes an American friend. "" I had slept badly for. I veral successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by " what seemed like the calling of my name;." and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well, Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision cae of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it wai the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play ohf on you when your system isoutofcondition. In March. isjo. it v-as, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darra cott Road, l'ckesdown, Hants, wrote us as fol lows :-'"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did nut wish ther: far" away in case I should call out for help. This was in June. ti&). I slept sery badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a se ere pain in my head and oser my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow.and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, By-and-by I bad to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. .1"y memory completely failed. ,My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of kournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself just as badly oft, and was cured by Motrer Seigel's Curative .Syrup. As she seemed tohave s. much faith in this medicine. I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I :vent down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. W\'hatever may be your opinion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestionand dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's iyrup does t.t work the eyes and ears entertain y$l?y natural and wholesome. I ·. 