An Alpine Tragedy. Mas LuiomoN, aged 23. Lady Chill worth, aged CO. Captain Thornton. aged 38. Scene — The covered terrace of the Hotel ItiffUalp facing the peak of the Matter liovn. [Mrs Leiohton in looking through the hotel telescope nt the peak of ihe Matterhorn.] Lady Chillworth [approaching] — What are j ou looking at, my dear ? M&6 Lejohton — I'm looking for my husband. He is oil the Matterhorn. Lady Cuillworth — Ah, you're young. When you get to my age you'll find it wiser to look at your husband through the wrong end of a telescope. Mrs Leiohton — I think I sec him. Look, a tiny black speck against the pure white Lady Chillworth [after gazing at Mrs Leightok quietly for a few moments] — What an eloquent description of you and him. M&6 Leightok — What do you mean ? [N^rvoualy.] Lady Chillworth— Oh, my child, you can't deceive me. Do you think 1 don't know why you're making this dutiful dis play of interest in your husband J MEb Leighton— But, indeed, 1 ? ! Lady Chillworth— My poor child, you kept your room all day yesterday, and I I heard all that jiapgjd in ir the night before j last — before jour husband left for the I Matterhorn — a most unwilling audience, 1 assure you ; but these foreigu hotels, with doors connecting all the rooms, like a public I I picture gallery, are not safe places for hus I bands to make exhibitions of themeelve'S in. I He's a brute ! ! Mrk Leightok — LaJy Chillworth ! j Lady Chillworth [with rising iudigna- ' tion] — Y«s, a brute. Tliat bruisi on your forehead — Mrs Leightok [coloring deeply] — I fell again6L the chest of drawers, ? Lady Chillworth— Ho pushed you. I hear ( him. * , Mcs Leightok — No, no— indeed. ' Lady Chillworth— Yes be did, and | you, like the little heroine you arc. fearful lest the truth should be kuown, sit here | making a c-isplny of interest and affection | before all th* si strangers. But you seem to ; have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton 1 Mrs Leightok [with enthusiasm]— Oh, he is such a goo 1. true-hearted ? Lady Cjijllwortji — No doubt of it. and I'm sure he means w»ll ; but I'm an old womau aud know the world pretty well, and of the two. there's more dang- r to a youug, attractive woman in a sympathetic male frnnd than iu a bad husband. MR6 Leightok — But Captain Thornton is a chivalrous gentleman. Lady Chillworth — Granted: And if : friendship wore i-o6siblc between the fi.xcs, i it might be jtOAsible with him ; but it isn't. Mrs Leightok — He is the soul of honor, Lady Chillworth — Granted again. But he worships the ground you walk on ! Mitfc Leightok [e\igerly, then checking hers.lf] — Oh, you don't think that, do vou? 1 mean I'm sure he ? Lady Chillworth — Don't try to deccivc a wortuiu old enough to be yourgrandmother. Do you think I don't kuow a man iu love when 1 see one ! Mrs Leightok — But what makes you think he — he— ^car* s for ra-.:? Lady Ch i llwortsi — There's no mistaking the look in hit, eves. The/ soften ihe moment ho sees ;? on. 1 have watched you both. Dj ; uu know what luart-bunger is ? Mrs Leightok [feeliugly] — Oh. yes I [Checking hers If] At least, 1 scarcely think 1 know what you mean. Lady Chillworth [grimly] — Quite right. Keep like that. Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of lieart huuger— the hunger that gnaws the heart of a man debarred by honor from declar ing his fore. A woman never miptak' s that. ? Mi n tbiuk we do'n't know what they feel for us unless we show them we kuow it. Oh, mv dear, what a mistake1, I've been through it all. Mrs Leightok — You ? How sad you look. Lady Chillworth [sighing]— Sad ! I've a woman's memory, child, heartless old 1 worldling though I seem in the eyes of a world that judges by externals ! Your case brings back to me a memory of the [A pause.] 3Ire Leigrtox — Won't von tell me about it? Lady Chillworth — There's not much to tell. 1 married young, au undisciplined girl, ignoraut of what love meant. When 1 grew to womanhood, there catue one into my life who changed the m-.aning of existence for me. I loved him with evtry fibre of my nature. Had he asked it, 1 would have thrown every tie that bouud me to tbe winds. But he loved my fair name and honor uetore au else, and in the loneliness of old age, instead of a remembrance of the shame that clings for ever to a stained Jifc, I h ive the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live on. The woman ivho boh's such a memory in her heart i6 not quite the heart less old worlding she seems. [A paus.*.] Mrs Leightok [in a soft voice]— I am so sorry for you. Lady Chillworth— There, I'm a silly old woman 1 Don't trouble your joun'g heart about me, but look to yourself. * Few women are so fortunately unfortunate as 1 was. Mine was an experience too wonderful to occur again, so beware of friendship. Mss Leightok— But Captain Thornton is such a symjjathetic friend, and 1 look up to him and trust him so. Lady Chillworth — And beware of sympathy, too— it is the overture to love, Mbb Leightok— But I am a married woman. We can't lore— we piustp't. . OBlljTjWo»Tit — Mustn't ! The word 'Bl? 1 i,11 vocabulary. Oh, there is Cap tain Thornton. See, even his good manneis - arc severely tried at eceiug you monopolisid by anyone else. I fancy 1 saw tbe ghost of a frown on his face when he tow me. Good morning, Captain Thornton. And don't you intend to -to the Matterhorn ibis time ?. , Captain Thokntok — --No, 1 think I-have done vrftli the Matterhorn now, Lady Chill worth. I have asoended it seVeij times. It. has no more charms for me. ? Lady1 Chillwobth— How man like 1 Nothing but the unattained interest* you | D?(rn'- Well, wc shall meet at table d1 hate : this evening, I (Janaty. I am going down I to Zcrmatt now. I boj-e lo bear of the skfe I return of the mountain party when 1 'come back. Good-bye. liiADY viHillworth nods to them and Icavts tbem alone together.] ? Captain Thornton— And so Mr Leigh ton has gone to tbe Matterhorn after all ? Mils Leightok — Yes ; .1 tried 'hard to persuade him not. In his present state of health, 1 am sure he was not fit to bear the fatigue. Captain Thornton— 1 saw nothing of you all day yigterdaj'. x ' Mfib Leightok [timidly] — No, I — I stayed in my room. J had rather a dis turbed night. You sec, Mr Leighton started early with his guide for the Matterhorn, and a lot of oLbcr people went, too, and the clatter and uoisc made mc wakeful. Captain Thornton [after gazing at her] —How pale jou look, aud— what's that— a bruisa oil your temple ? That wasn't there last timu I saw yon. Mrs Leighton— Oh, it's really nothing nothing at. nil. I— 1 fell— it was my own fault. 1 fell against the chest of drawers. Captain Thornton [with great emotion! — Oh, my Go.l — he struck vou ! Mrs Leighton [faintlv]— No— no— in- deed not. Captain Thornton [turns away and looks out across the valley to hide his emotion. After a pause ho returns to her, and, taking both her hands in bis, speaks with an effort at se-lf- restraint] — I am so I dreadfully sorry for yon, I— I can scarcely | trust m self to Bpcak to you; but if the Ktiowieuge mat you have a devoted friend who wotdd gladly face death for you 1b any help, hear it from my lips. Mbb Leightok [Looking up into IjIb face with tears iu her eyes]— Yes, indeed, it is a help— a great help. 1 cannot te-H yon how great. [She sinks down on to ia scat..] Captain Thornton [bending over her] — You look so faint and ill ; shall I send for your maid 7 ' Mrs Leightok — Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again, I think. I didn't sleep well last nigi t. [Captain Thornton retires. Ho returns with Mits Leigkton'6 maid, and she goes awny to her own room.] [Six hours later. Evening. CAPTAIN Thornton is smoking on the covcrcd terrace. Lady Chillworth approaches him exciteuly and puts her hand on his Lady Chillworth— Oh, Captain Thorn ton — . our j-oor little friend. Such a shock. Her ton husband I Captain Thornton [starts]— What of him? Lady Chillworth— Dead, dead I The news haB just come— died on the Matterhorn from exhaustion. He was a dreadful man ; but still lie was her husband, and sudden death is alway'6 shocking. Captain Thornton [as if in a dream]— : Dead — dead ? Impossible 1 Where is she f I Lady Chillworth— In my sitting-room. 1 broke the news to her. [A pause.] Come to ber — come [lay ing her hand upon his , arm.] i understand. 1 Captain Thornton— Has she asked for mc ? I Lady Chillworth —Could she ask? | Come. [They enter Lady Chill woETn'fi sitting* | room together. Mrs Leighton's sitting | on the sofa. Captain Thornton sits elown by her. Taking her hands in hie, he draws her gently to him, and she burets into tears.] v | — Slack and White, 