A RI VER ISAAK WALTON. [FOR THE GAZETTE.] BY C. JARDYNE PATON. TACHEN I first landed in Twowharves I " saw " Old Ike" sitting on the Government wharf, fishing. I remained in the one-horse town for five long but ex perienceful years, and when I went away, at the end of my exile, the last person to whom I waved my handkerchief was Old Ike, sitting on the Government Wharf, * fishing. It was aften said by the timber getters and others that Old Ike would some day probably take root on the wharf, and stick fast like a barnacle. There were only two wharfs in the township, namely, Artlett's wharf and the aforesaid Govern ment wharf; but the ocean steamers and river boats invariably stopped at the former, for the latter, despite its ap pellation (or perhaps because of it, as Tommy the Ferryman said) was not at all safe. It had all the imposingness that characterises colonial Government work, but it lacked security. As it was seldom used, it was a capital place for fishing. The planks were not feet apart ; and so one had no trouble with one's bait, or with newly-caught fish, winch perform some wonderful acrobatic feats upon being landed. There were other good places for fishing along the river banks, such as the Ferry ..., Approach, Dead Cow Bend, The Spit, etc., but Old Ike always fished on the Government wharf. Regularly every after. . noon wlien the ¿lill î^ghâsïksounded g i^knack&W;' timé at six o'clock, Old Öce 1|¿.l!tt|i%J $o bis little gunyah, that stood Bjnohg tiie cypress pines on the sand ridge at the back of the mill. Here, as a matter of business^ne p^pared apd^te a» , simple tea ; and TÄ, if tïie èVëffing were' at all fine» he got out his fishing«tackle and went down to what the boys called "Old Ike's Fishing Lodge. I was very fond of fishing, and as good sport, was to be had frequently, I got into the habit of fisnlng'almost as often as Ôld Ike did, though that fisherman and I did not become chummy for some weeks. For an unaccountable reason the old fellow did not seem to care to chat much with me. Yet he would yarn to some of the fellows by the hour. His indifference piqued me, and I resolved to win his regards some how. I succeeded when 1 thougnVÏ was farthest from success. We were fishing together one afternoon , for jewfish, which had suddenly become very plentiful; and ? I had had all the luck, for in less than half-an-hour I had landed five jewfish, ranging in weight from io to 24IDS whüe^Old Ike, the best fisherman on the two rivers, had not succeeded in effecting ? a single capture. My companion was get â ting ti bad attack of the "bucks", and, to improve matters, the " Electra" came round the point on her way up-river. Old Ike began to get some bites ; and just as the " Electra" slowed past towards Artlett's wharf, he all but landed a whopper. When his line slacked omi nously, and he knew that he had missed his fish, he looked up, but not out of curiosity. He wished to address a few I personal remarks to the Captain of the Electra. that's aright ! Chem up all the 1>6^t ud strip her propeller blade on one of them ballast heaps-an' me with a lot of beautiful bait, an' just gittin' me luck in. Blast you an' ya boat. I might's well go fishin' in a empty ,Bardine-tin now as stop here.' Then Old Ike spat thoughtfully and ex actly upon his bait ; and, whirling his line viciously round his head, tossed it into the river. ' The ocean-boats spoil the fishing when they come in so close,' I said.., ' Not all on em, There's Übe Tfjomas ki, for instans; her skipper fetches his boat up eriongside the wharf as nice an* quiet as ya like, without makin' no fuss but he, he's an old river hand. HE don't ,need to put on no side. He knows the river just as well as I know this here wharf. It's the backin' and frontin' and fiddlin' about, doin' pritty bisness, wot frightens the fish,' said Ike. " The skipper of the Tomki can handle a boat," I remarked soothingly. " Yes," said Ike, " it's a pleasure to see him and Capten Furkapp er th' Macleay. Blowed if I don't sometimes forgit to mind me lines watchin' them two-but some er the others-well they gives me the hump bad." It was about g o'clock when we hauled in our lines. I had caught 13 jewfish and Old Ike had caught 4. The fish were lying scattered all over the wharf. Just as we rose, the storekeeper, the postmaster and the doctor came on to the wharf. " Hogan's ghost 1" said the postmaster, " What a fine haul. I suppose Old Ike has been showing you how to catch fish \--eh J Paton old fellow ?" Old Ike looked quite crestfallen. He turned away and tossed some bait over board. An idea struck me; " That's just it," I replied, " Ike caught twelve of them (including the biggest that sollicker over there near the wire) and I caught the other five. I never saw Old Ike's equal. He's got a beautiful touch-but I'll get him to teach all his cunning wrinkles, that's if you will, Ike. Ike turned round with beaming face, and said, " It's mighty little I can teach you! but you're welcome to all I can show yer, I hope I'll often have the the pleasure of fishin'with yer." Then Ike generously gave the biggest fish to the doctor, and told the others to help themselves-which they did. When the three visitors had gone, Old Ike said to me, " You know I'd a caught about two dozen jews if I'd had your stinkin' luck; but for all that you're a bloomin' white man." You see I had saved Ike's reputation and, perhaps after all, he WOULD have caught his two dozen if he had sat on the landing stage, instead of sitting on a case at the other side of the wharf. Hence forth Old Ike and I were very great friends. Ha had some very amusing ways and sayings. He always spat on his bait, for luck, he said. Evidently he took it for granted that the fish had strong stomachs, ot that his spittle acted as a' disinfectant, though a whiff of Ike's breath would lew! oneMtnit that's two other stories. Old Ike was kindness itself to little children, but he was brutally cruel to some fish, such as catfish, stinging- ! rays ^commonly called* " stingarees"), buU-roats, shovel-nosed sharks, etc. When I asked Itinf why , he was so cruel he simply said, " Good e-nough for the wretches. God must a made them by acci dent." A few months before I left Twowharves I had the misfortuue to break my left leg ; j and Old Ike proved his general liking by ; coming to me nearly every evening; for a \ yarn. One evening I told him the story of that gentle lovable soul, who, as Morley aptly says, " loved God and Nature with j simplicity of mind and greatly relished a j day's fisning." Old Ike was greatly inter ested in the story of Isaak Walton. and vowed that someday he'd'write a-book on river-fishing. j " Look" he said as he settled himself in my big chair after making mecomfortable " at the new things I could write. Fish is wonderful animals. They say they ain't got no voice-but they outer hear a jew fish grunt when you're haulin' him in over the gun'le. Then again, its interest in' thé way I serves it out to catfish an' stingárees and the like. Gosh t it would be a good thing to have pictures of it in the book. Then catfish is beggars ta nip ya bait, as you know. Well, when I catches a cat- fish, I hooks him hard and then I ties him to a nice bit er pine and chucks him into th' river. It'ud make a cat laugh to see him tryin' to dive. An' stingarees! ther'e great fun, I lops oft their tails, an' jabs their eyes out, and shots 'em back agin. An' shovelnosed sharks-when their snouts is broken they do look comical-s-There's a ,lot, too, about his pipe fell out of his mouth. I was quite alarmed for the moment, till he spoke again. .'I say, Paton, the thing can be done easy. You're a good scholar. If I write the book, will you c'rect the grammar an' spellin' ? And we can get some cove, say the cove wot draws for the Bullyteen, to put in the pictures.'' Old Ike waè quite rn earnest. The pos sibility of being an author tickled him ; and, though I said that such a book would not sell nowadays, and that it would cost a deal to publish, he would not go home till I had promised to correct his grammar and spelling. Poor Old Ike Î he bought a big exer cise book and began his "Book about Fishing" in real earnest. When my leg was quite well, Ike and I fished as usual, and I rather enjoyed his account of progress with the book. I wanted to see part of it ; but he refused to show it to me, saying that it was time enough for me to see it when he had done his part. ... .*. .*. Ï'. .'. I left Twowharves suddenly ; and did not return to the river for two years. When I did visit Twowharves it was to settle some business matters ; and while doing so I heard why Oik Ike's book was never completed. Soon after my sudden departure from the township, Old Ike be gan to grow very morose and despondent ; and it was discovered by German Charlie that Ike had fallen violently in love with the barmaid at the Sawyer's Rest Hotel. She was an ex-ballet girl ; but she fasci nated Ike. At first she led him on a string for amusement ; but when she discovered he was terribly in love, she , gave him the cold shoulder. There was a scene one night. " I love you my girl, by-I do," said Ike. " You, you old buffer. You're old enough to be my father. I wish you'd go and drown yourself for a silly old goat." And he did. In the morning Old Ike was missed at the mill. They found his body under the Government Wharf with a big jew-fish line tied round his waist. " Accidentally drowned while fishing off the Government Wharf," was the kindly verdict. 