Tub Prince of Wale' barber is credited with tho prornl dlriiuction of controlling tlie rimpo of fashionable British beards. Just now tho pointed V-form— known as tlio Vnndyck - 1 in vouuo. It came alwut in tin way, Iho burber could not help Hoeing that tho your woro nddiug to tho Royal waist measurement, und o he suggested thnt a chnngo in tho form of tho Prince' beard would bomorc becoming to tiro stouterfaco nnd figure. His Royal Highness agreed, hi board wqr trimmed to n point, and in timo fashionable mou, both stout aud thin, copied tho namo pattern. The lato M. Garnet's funeral i tho third "national funeral "that hn taken place in F ranco sine tlio proclamation of tho Republic, and it is tho fut time— in modem times, at all oventa— that Franco has expended so much a £4,000 to bury ono of her son. Tlio other two national funerals were thoso of Gambctta and Victor Hugo, which cost £800 each Thiera's burial was to hare boon national also, but nt tho last moment Mmo. Thiers and MncMnhun fell out, and tho statftteaman' widow paid tho bill, France gives publio as wells as nntiouul funerals. Tlio amount, usually voted for tho former is £100, but Marshall MacMnhon was buried for £366, uud Rennu's public obsequies only cost £360. Thkiib has just arrived in Sydnoy from Honolulu an athlete known as Greek George, who is uuxious to wrestle Professor Miller, of Melbourno, for the championship of Australia. Although 40 year of ago, IiocInimH tobonblo to perform tho following extraordinary feats : 1 Allowing two men with 15lb, hammers to break a granito stono weighing 20011), resting on his head. 2. "Whilo reclining between two chairs, hack of head resting on one and heels on tho other, allow iwo inon witlu 161b. hammers to break 2601bs. of granito stono on his breast. 3. Will allow a horse to scc-snw ou hi breast in tlic samo position. 4. "Will raise two men, one in each baud, from the floor, coming loan upright position, o. Will break rope nnd chains with on" stroko of hi fore-finger, which others, he says, cannot do with their entire weight. 0\. Will raise tt man sitting in a chair with ono hand. "Axni.o-AufiTRAi.ux." in tlio V.uropcan Mini, gives tho following yarn as indicative of Queensland weather Cooktown, inN- rih Queensland, i well known ns ono of tho hottest places on tho Australian continent, and thoro is a regulation story hearing on its oxtrcmo sultriness wliieh is told to overy traveller who visits thoso part. There was a very bad man who onco lived iu Cooktown — nu advertisement canvasser who, when ho wa not advertisement canvassing, was bask- ing ' in tho sun, nnd bo was such un abnor mally wicked man withnl thnt there was novcr any doubt that in tho Cooktown peoplo's minds as to whero ho would go when ho died Dio ho did, eventually, as tlio story goes, nnd tho town felt relieved. A fow nights after his death, however, a local storekeeper was going the rounds of his storo to roako things sccuro for tho night, when ho curao across tho follow s ghost— busily engaged in packing up a bundlo of blnnkots 1 IIo had como back for somo worm clothing !" The Now Zealand correspondent of the 8\. Jf . Herald, writing from Wellington on aoptcmber 19, says :— Tlie Licensing Bill passed its socond reading with wonderful celerity. Tlio tcmpornuco party ngrced to spouk only through ouo or two of it members, reserving all its strength to secure amend ments in oommittoo. Tho result was that a dobntti which might undor other circumatauce in tho bad old day which preceded tlio timo limit havo lasted sovcral days lusted just ono hour and a-half A vnst number of amend ments lmvo been given notico of by tlto temperance party for tho committee fitogo. Chief of theso is tho retention of elcotivo com mittees, tlroabolilion of barmaid, compulsory closing at 10 p.m., nud tho holding of tho local and national option poll on a day othor than that yf tho gonornl election, as woll us ........ ss. ...» ..ire.im.-utaiu lanuu ul uiu poll and tho taking of a voto on two issues ulono- inoreaso or total abolition. Others propose that no steamers bo allowed to sell liquor while in harbour, that hotels bo closed ou getierul election day, that liquor sold to travellers or lodger can bo consumed only by sucli traveller or lodger, thut children under It «bo not supplied, Sueh aro tho main features of the amendments which tbo temper ance pnrly proposo to try aud carry. There uro other uraendmonta which represent tho viows of individual members, aud one of theso proposes to abolish billiard tables in hotels. a fow years back an hotel without a billiard tablo would not bo licensed. At present thoro is good prospect of tho Bill passing, as tho Premier is very desirous of getting it through in somo sbupo, so that it may bo cleared from tho legislative deck for tho balanco of this Parliament. There is one provision relating to hotels, by tho way, which Iuh just passed Isith Houses in tlio Shop Hours Bill, though it cannot becomo law till other amendments mado by tlio Council have been confirmed by tbo Lower Houso. This is a provision requiring hotel bars to bo closed on tho weekly half-hoiiduv proscribed by tho Shop nnd Shop Assistants Bill. This latter Bill, which it is expected will duly becomo law this session, as it 1ms already passed tho Lower House, uml tho Labour Bills Committeo of tho Council, provides thnt local authorities in each centre must fix ono working day of tho week upon winch all shops must close from 1 p.m. The only oxeeptions are fruiterers, confectioners, cotteo und eating- housekeepers, uud railway platform bookstall Chemist are only to bo allowed to supply urgent eases on these days, but may open from 7 to 0 o'clock iu the evening. No woman and no person under 18 years of ago hall work moro than 62 hour n woek many nhop, or more thnn 9.1 hours on ?ovrorf«SCCCPt n0 ,2 QHM mnj" 