THE EBB TIDE, X'Trio und Quartet- - [BY ROBEET LOOM STEVENSON & LIOYD OBBOUBNB.] j "There is a Tide in the Affairs of Men." CHAPTER II.-CONTINUED. I ' WHAT do you 'bring in me for V broke from the captain, bis voice waa indeed scarce raised above a whisper, but emotion clanged in it. ' What do you know about me ? If you had commanded the Snest barque that ever sailed from Portland ; if you had been drunk in your berth when abe struck the breakers in Fourteen Island Group, and hadn't had the wit to stay there and drown, but come on deck, and given drunken orders, aud lost six lives-I could understand your talking then ! There," he said, more quietly, " that's my yaru, and now you know it. lt's a pretty one for the father of a family. Five mou and a woman murdered. Yes, there was a woman on' board, and hadn't no business to bu either. Guess I Bent ber tn hell, if there is such a place. I never dared go home again, and the wife of the little ones went to England to her father's pince. 1 don't know what's ci uno to them,' he added', with a bitter shrug. ' Thank you, captain,' said Herrick. 11 never liked you better,' They ahook bands, hard aud fast, with eyes averted, tenderness swelling in their bosoms. ' Now, boys, to work again at lying,' said the captain. , -'.* , .- , . '. . I'll give my father up,' returned Herrick:, with a writhon smile. 'I'll try ruy sweetheart instead, for a change of evils.' And here is what hu wroto : 'EMMA,-I have scratched out the beginning to my father, for I think I can write more easily to you. This is my last farewoll to all, the last you will ever hear or see of au unworthy friend and son. 1 have failed in life, I ant quite broken down and disgraced ; I pass under a false nnuie ; you will li av o to tell my father that, with all your kindness. It is my own fault. I know, had I chosen, that I might have done well ; and yet, I swear to you, I tried to choose. I could not bear that you should think I did not try ; for I loved you all.. You must never., doubt, me in that, you least of all. I have always unceasingly loved, but what was my love worth ? and what was I worth ? I had not passed the manhood of a common clerk ; I could not work to earn you. I have lost you now, and. for your sake. 1 could be glad of it. When you first came to my father's house-do you remember those duys ? I want you to; you saw the best of nie then,'all that was good in me. Do you remember the day 1 tonk your h ind and would not let it go ? And the day on Battersea Bridge, when we were looking ut a barge, and I began to tell of tny silly stories, and broke off to say I loved you ? That was the beginning, and nowhere is the end. When you have rend this letter, you will go round and kiss them all good-bye-my fut li er and mother, and the children, ono by one, und poor uncle ; and tell thuin all to forget me, and forgot me yourself. ' Turu tho key in the door; let no thought of me return; be done with the poor ghost that pretended he was a man, and stole your love. Scorn of mysolf giinda in' mo as I write. I should tell you I nm well and happy, and want fur nothing. I du not exactly niako money, or 1 should send a. reinitluuco ; but 1 am well culed fur, havo friends, live in a bounti ful place and climate such us tve have dreamed of together, and un pity need be wasted on me.« In such places, you understand, it is easy to live, and:live well, but often hard to make six pence in money. Explain, this to my father, he will understand, I have nu. more tu say ; only linger, going out, like an unwilling guest. God in heaven bless you. Think of'nie at the last, here, on a bright beach', the .sky and Rea im moderately blue, and the great breakers roaring outside on a burrier reef, where a little isle sits crowding about me on u sick bed. And yet I am dying.. This is my last kiss.- Forgive, for give, forget the unworthy;', ,. So far he hud written, his paper was all filled, when there returned a memory« of evenings at the piano, and that song, the masterpiece of love, iii which so many hava found the ex pression of their dearest thoughts. 1 Einst O wander y ne added: Morewus not required ; Jiu knew that, in his love's heart, the context 'would spring up, escorted with fair images and harmony ; of how, all through life, her name should tremble in his uara, ber name be every where repeated in thu sounds of nature ; and when death came and he lay dissolved, her memory-linger and thrill among his elements. Once, O wonder ! once from the ashes of my heart Arose a blossom-" ' Herrick and the captain finished*their letters about the samé time ; each was breathing deep, and their eyes met and were averted, aa they closed tho envelopes. ' Sorry I write so big,' said the captain, gruffly. * Came all pf a rush when it did come.' - .. ? . . Same here,' sßid Herrick. .' I could have done: with a ream when I got started; but,its long enough for all the good I had to say.' They were still at. the addresses when the olerk strolled up, smirking and twirling his envelope like a man well pleased.' He looked .over Herrick's shoulder. ' Hulla,' he said, ' you ain't writing 'ome ?' «I aw, though,' said-Herrick. ' She lives with my father.' ' Oh, I see what you mean,' hu added. 'My real name is Herrick. No moro Hay'-they had both used thu same alias ' no more Hay than yours,' I daresay.' « Cluan bowled in the' middle stump I1 laughed the clerk. 'My name's 'Uish, if you want to know. Everybody has a false name in the Pacific. Lay you live to three the captain 'as. \ So I hu ve, ¡top, replied tho captain. And I never told my V»wn since the day 1 tore the title ?pujío out of my Bowditch and flung the damned thing int» tho sea. But I'll tell it to you, boys. John Davis is my name. I'm Davis, of tho Sea Hanger.' ., , ' Dooce you aro I' said Huish. 'And what was sho íí'iAr'pirato or a ala vor ?' . Sim was the fastest barque out of Fortland Maine,' replied thu captain : 'and for the way Í lust her 1 might as well have.bored a hole in her side with an auger.' ........ ,r . Oh, you lost her. did you?' said the clerk. ' 'Ope she waa insured V No unswer being returned to this sally Huish, still brimming over with vanity and conversation, struck into another subject. . I've a good mind to read you my letter,' said he. ' I've a good fist with a pen when I choose, and this is a primo lark. She WAS a barmaid: I ran across in Northampton. She wasa spanking fine piece, no end of style ; and we cottoned at first sight like parties in tho play. I suppose 1 spent the change of a fiver on that girl. Well, I ' appened to remember hor name, so I wrote to her, and told her 'ow I had got rich, and married a queen, in the islands, and lived in a blooming palace. Such a sight of crammers 1 I must read .you one bit about opening the nigger parliament in a cooked 'at. It's really prime.' ? . The captain' jumped to his feet. ' That's' what y, ni did with the paper that I. went and begged for you'?! ho roared. .lt- was perhaps lucky-for Huish-it was' surely in .tho und unfortunate for' all-that'' he waa seized just thon by one of his prostrating accedes of , cough.; his,, comrades would haye deserted him, so bitter was their resentment. .When..tho ¡fit. had passed the, clerk reached out his hand, picked 'up the letter whioh had fallen ' t thu earth, and tore it into frangruents, stamp ' tindall. . Does that satisfy you T he asked sullenly. ' We'll say no more about it, replied Davis.' 