spook hunting; GHOSTS I HAVE MET. Modern "Spiritualism" Exposed. TABLE-RAPPING MO SLATE- WRI« SPIRITS. PSYCHIC EOT. The Medium Unmasked. EXTKAOIIDIXAKY PHENOMENA. Tlio Secret Explained — IIovr AVe Caught - the Ghost — And " Bust " a Bud- ' fling Circle. . (By a " SrooK Hunter.") The ghost has playod an important part in human history. 'Blio " boo " man which haunts the brain of the over-gorged savage, the common or churchyard ghost, and the "astral body" of the intellectual theoson'hist havo all a common oriorin. They are first cousins, and the only diffo- ronce botwoon thorn is that the first carries a club, and wants to smash somothing (for the benefit of tho medicine man), and the latter lugs a pen and wants to write some thing for the benefit of tho Mahatmatised mistress or master of the spiritualistic situation. Tho writer of this article has had A WIDE, VARIED, AND INTERESTING experience in ghosts and ghost-hunting. A few of them are serious, hut the most real funny. Our FIRST REALISTIC EXPERIENCE IN THE SPOOK LINE was acquired up-country when we were a small boy. Our district happened to be a good 'un for murders and sudden deaths by snake-bites and horse-kicks, and heart disease and things. The crop of ghosts was in consequence a pretty good one. There were NO LESS THAN TEN DISTINCT AND DIFFERENT ghosts within a radius of abont eight milos. Seven of thoso wore peaceable, law-abiding,- harmless phantoms, but the oighth was a regular Anarchist spook, the terror of tho neighborhood. He happened to be the lost soul of a very wicked man who had murdored his mate, and pitched tho body into a waterbole, or else he was tho departed spirit of tho mate or tho ghost of the policeman who arrested the murderer or something of that sort. At any rate he was , A MISCHIEVOUS SPIRIT, and he used to rise np like a mist and take shape and frighten travellers who chanced to bo on the road at night near tho scene of tho murder. If anybody doubted the truth of this they could go and see the waterholo for themselves. What greater proof of a ghost's idontity can there bo than a deep dark waterhole in the .bush ? One night I was sent up to tho store for 'something, and while waiting to be served beard the legend for tho first time. The- ' ghefst after a, long quiet time had re-ap- pe'ared tho night beforo on tho road and frightened tho mail-driver quite drunk, and the women in tho store woro talking abont it. I left the establishment with the knowledge that the Church of England burying ground was between mo and home, and that I had to pass it. Up to that time ghosts had troubled mo much less than peg-top and catapult rings, but the story was a blood-curd lor, and made my hair stand up straight on my youthful bead. I reflected that tho churchyard was full of Budden deaths and sad cases, and that some of 'om might walk. The night was dark enough to encourage THE MOST RETIRING GHOST IN THE CEMETERY. However, there was no help for it, and the churchyard had to be passed if T was to get borne, and if I didn't get home I stood more than the chance of a whacking, I approaohed 'the situation with care. If a spook did come at mo I determined to let him have a volley of road motal, and ran. With this end in view I filled my pockets . with stones. It will be seoa that my ideas on ghosts in gouoral were unorthodox nnd obscure. Beyond tho fact that spirits al ways .appeared in white clothes I know little.' I got up to the churchyard fence with bristling1 hiniir and beating heart. As I came to tho far end of the enclosure my pace quickened, but aa I "WAS CARRYING SOME EGGS and other groceries I could not break into a run. without danger of a catastrophe. Just as I was coming on a line levol with the church- door, watching tho tombstones fnrtively all tho time, my heart gnvo one almighty throb, and jumpod clean into my boots. Right against the fence, not five yards in front of me, was an un mistakable white object sitting on a grave. At the same time I could distinctly hoar the sound of someone tearing at the grass with its nnils. I made certain that I was. IN THE PRESENCE OF A DAMNED SPIRIT, and that it was a poor look out for mo. I accordingly, with my knees coming violently together at every Btop, backed over side ways towards the opposite side of the road, preparatory to making a bolt round tho corner and home. Groat Yahoo ! The ghost was advancing in the same direction. fie would intercept me. I would bo ' cut off in the priuio of life ; I — . Yow ! Baa, baa ! I had let drive three pieces of blue metal in quick succession, and headed me off. I wns round the corner and down tho hill towards home with tho derisive "BAfl, BAA!" OF THE GHOST ringing in my ears. Presently I caught myoe in a root and canio down, smashing the eggs to raw " scramble." For a minute or two I was a bit Btunned. Then'I heard the ghost just behind me, and woke up quick. Before I could get to my feet lie was upon me. I could oven smell him. Ho was a- high ghost, too — fairly reekod of the grave. Full of tho desperation of despair, I turned round to meet my fate. Tho ghost boahod derisively almost in my ear, and, turning aside, suddenly trotted steadily down towards home in front of me. In a moment I recognised him. It was our own Billy ghost, who had been regaling himself on the graveyard geraniums. Ho was the kind of Billy ghost that would eat a tomb- : stone if it came in his way. Tho thrash- : _ ing which I received for breaking those oggs has had- a lot to do with the sceptic nttitude' which I took up towards spooks ; gonerally in after years. This was . MY FIRST EXPERIENCE IN SPOOK- " HUNTING. The ehurcli-yard spook, and the gliost r that lives in old houses and lonely placos 'j lias a crowd of spirit relations who pat in their spare time rapping tables and open ing doors and flinging tambourines about, and otherwise manifesting. THIS VARIETY OF SPIRIT— pending Mrs. Besant's arrival — is par ticularly lively in and about Sydney just at present. I cliiim the honor of ' a close acquaintanceship witli liim. Having tracked him to his midnight lair and soon him get in somo of his fine work I can speak with soino knowledge of my subject. From time to time I have attended a number of spiritualistic seances in this city. I went to these table-rapping revivals with a' view to finding out for myself whether there was anything real .in modern spiritualism. At the. same time I had, of course, a naturalf inclination, as a scribe, to write up the supernatural. I can honestly say that I FOUND THE TABLE-R APPIN G SPOOK as big a fraud as tho Billy ghost of younger days. There may bo some spiritualists wlio beliovo that thoy have commuiiicated with, or that the living can communicate with the dead. Those people deceivo themsolves. Tho dead make no sign. It is contrary to the law that they should or could do so. The souls (?) of men are not _ buried in the grave, cons&i; quently the grave has no seorets to reveal. Spirit-Tranters fondly imagine that by put- tin" their hands on' a table thoy will unravel tho eternal mystery of the "Whence, Why, and Whithor, which has puzzlod all the' wisest men of all the world in all times. What ignorance, what foolish assumption, what incredible credulity ! It is not by tho " laying on of hands" to a deal table.... that wo can penetrate the Unknown or ' disoover the Unknowablo. However let us cemo directly r FROM PHILOSOPHY TO FACTS. As I havo said, I am no strangor to tho seance. Ono eoance, I have found, is very much like another. The results achiovod thersby are also very much tho same. A number of people foregather in a darkened room, ana put their hands on a light deal table: The hands of each' man .. touch thoso of hie neighbor on each side. This FORMS A CIRCLE OF HANDS. . Such investigations are not unpleasant when ono is young, and the hands of one's ' neighbor aro pluiap and soft, and feminine ' in character. The circle sit like this for some time, generally relieving the mono- ' tony of the interval and soothing the feelings of its dead .friends with songs. By and bye tho table begins to wobble about, either because It i3 made to do so, or because it is quite natural it should do so. Tho circle \ HAS ALREADY SELECTED IT3 MEDIUM. It will bemoticod that tho table-rapping spirit which is dead) "cannot communi cate" oxcopt through a live medium. That is to say, it always taks somebody in tho flesh to "work the oracle, which is also quite in accordance with tho laws of nature. When tho ghost, or rather tho table begins to walk, tho medium first enquires after its health. The ' sperrit ' : is requested to state whether it wishos to communicate or not. Tho spirit talks through tho table all tho time. : # - Why the mischief the spirits have chosen tables to . talk through is one of those mysteries which professional spiritualists > are best able to explain. Why the spirit talking is always done at night and under cover of darkness, and never in broad day light is another mysterious mystery. If the spirit (always very human) is in a talkative mood, ho or she will RAP THREE TIMES with tho table. Three rap3 iudicate "yes." If the spook doesn't know its own mind it raps twice. Two raps signify "doubtful," If it is off color and does not feel in a con versational humor, tho table raps once only. One kick moans " No." All spooks, it will be observed, understand table-talk. The next thing to do is to find out the spirit's name. Spirits always retain their old body name3. In tho other world Paddy Murphy will be Paddy Murphy right to end of the chapter. The way the-spiritua- liBts work out tho names of their unsooa visitors is this : — . — — - THE MEDIUM bogins with the first letter of tho alphabet and goes on repeating the latter. When he mentions tho first letter of the "sperrit's" first name the table kicks a joyful assent, and so on at each letter until tho namo is spelt out. In this way a member of tho ' circle " has often heard in foar and trembling, tho name of his deceased mother-in- law tediously spelt out. Having ascertained tlig spook's name, the next thing is to ask him how ho is . popping up. The spirit generally replies that he is " -.w- - VERY HAPPY, AND GLAD TO BE DEAD, 1 and that the other worid is quite a is/ pleasant place. Folks in the cirole then mostly ask after the health of their spirit friends, and Mrs. Jones No. 2, newly wed, is often edified and pleased to learn that Mrs. Jones No. 1 is quite well, and awaits her hubby over Jordan. After the circle lias hold the usual interview the medium either takes a fit or - - THE "SPERRIT" SAYS GOOD NIGHT AND GOES AWAY. The entertainment is varied to suit tho fancy of those who arrange it. This is tho first kind of spiritualistic variety show. There aro others, more or less wonderful according to tho conjuring skill of the per formers or tho oredulity of the partici pators. With the more advanced circles SLATE WRITING IS PRACTISED. Somobody holds a elate under the table yhen it gets lively and (the spirit writes tho usual answers to the visual quostions thereon. It is not nearly as clever a trick a3 some of those which European conjurers, Japanese jugglers, and Hindoo mesmerists perform bofore their audiences. I have beard from spiritualists of Spirits leaving roses and other flowers on the table oat of season, but at the seances winch I have attended we did not succeed in getting any of these manifestations. Perhaps some one .in the circle was antagonistic. One of the conditions for success in spirit raising being that all thoso engaged therein mast bo full of faith in regard to the truth of spiritualism. "THE MATERIALISATION OF THE SPIBStT' is the groat triumph of the spook -hunters' art. It is all very well to make light deal stables buokjump, but to get a ghost to take form and appear in solid reality is a different matter. It can only be done under certain favorable conditions, and is attended with some danger — of detection. You can put a inacbino on a door to register the muscular force of an invisiblo body, and put the investigator to watch the door. The door will not work until you come ostensibly to " add psychic force" by putting your hand on bis ear, and in coming TREAD ON THE SPRING ! and make said " psychic force " unneces sary. You can 'do all that' and nuiuse yourself very much without arousing sus picion ; but when you begin to introduce dead peoplo into your front parlor, for tho edification of your friends, yon will have to be more careful. To provtr the truth of my assertions I will put in print for the first time THE HISTORY OF A SPIRITUALISTIC SWINDLE that was worked with success for a period in Sydney. It occurred at the house of a well-known local spiritualist, situated not far from the railway station. This gentleman for some months held a highly successful spiritualistic revival at his place. The news of these extraordinary manifestations having become bruited abroad, great interest was excited in spook- hunting circles. So popular a rendezvous for spirits did the house of Mr. become that one could bo almost certain of seeing one's departed relatives there any evening in the week. Mr. CHARGED NOTHING FOR ADMISSION, hut those who visited the place and wero initiated into the circle might of course mako him a present if they choose. Five or ton shillings is surely not too much to pay for the privilege of beholding again, if only for a few moments, the forms of one's dear departed one3. And the "mate rialising " of spirits was a common occur rence at Mr. 's house. The fame of the place spread so far that it at length attracted the attention of some enquiring sceptics with whom the writer of this article was connected. Being morally certain that tho extraordinary phe nomenon reported could have no natural or supernatural reality, two of us con trived to gain admission to tho circle. When wo reached the place— at which nightly revivals were then being held — we found aboufc thirty persons assembled. The room in which the seance was always held had BEEN USED AS A DINING-ROOM, and from it a staircase ascended to the family bedrooms abovo, The dining-room opened into the kitchen, and the door of the kitchen opened on to the yard. Prepa rations for holding the seance were made according to tho fashion of the spiritualists. Btifc before turning tho lights down in tho room the people present were invited- to oxamine the kitchen thoroughly. This thoy did, and, - of coarse, discovered nothing. The back door was then securely locked, and THE KEY BROUGHT INTO THE ROOM in which the circle was sitting. The 1 ight in the kitchen was then tamed out, and that in the circle room turned down very, very low. The medium "WAS FASTENED TO THE DOOR, between the latter room and the kitchen by means of a strap, two boles having been bored in the door for that purpose. Tho company laid hands on tho table and sang " Sweot. By-and-Byo " softly and awefully. Presently THE TABLE BEGAN TO BUCK-JUMP with great alacrity, and in answer to the question, " Are there any spirits present ?" a bright light appeared in one corner of the room, followed by a distinct tapping. The effect was. most uncanny," and calculated to impress even the most sceptical/ Then followed quostions and answors, more bright r" . 9 -HI , ! . i.— I...i i lights in various parts of tho room, noises in the clock, rapping under the floor, and other manifestations dear to fcher heart of the professional spook- hunter. Aftor a good lot of this it wns announced through the medium that one of tho spirits was about to " materialise." Everybody waitod in a condition of hushed expectaney. Pre sently A bbight light began plashing in the kitchen, and through the semi-darkness became dimly outlined a human form. Thetnedium frothed at tho mouth, and one of tho ladies in tho circlo hysterically declarod that it was the Bpirib of "poor dear grandma," because she could recognise tho very cap she inndo her ! Tho spirit remained visiblo for a littlo time, and.thon seamed to uba dually fade away into the dabkn10s3 again. Thon followed few more manifes tations, and it was again announced that another 'spirit would materialise. Spirit No. 2, evidently of the male variety, made bis appearance in a similar manner, and disappeared, but' not before another im pressionable woman in the circle lind recognised her dead son,, of whom, poor woman, she appeared to be very fond. This closed tho evoning's entertainment. Tho medium was released, tho gas turned up, and the circle departed — all sftvo two — full of faith. Thoso two were hard, cold, matter-of-fact sceptics, and your true sceptic is a Thomas Didvinus who will not bo satisfied without proof. "VYo went away, and determined to " lay fob the ghost. It bad occurred to us that it was possible for lights to appear in -a room without supernatural agency, and that locked doors aro sometimes passable to others than spirits. Accordingly wo laid our plans. On the next revival night ono of us gained admission to tho circlo as beforo. Tho other pkocubed access to mb. 's yabd, and had a friond ready in caso of emer gency. Let it bo confessed, I had thrown upon me the unpleasant task of 'catching tho ghost. With this end in viow, I softly oponcd Mr. 'b bnck gate at a specified time, and slipped up bohind his woodhoap and waited. 1 could hoar them singing the " Swoot Bv-and-byo" in tho diningroom. From my point of vantage behind tho wood and coal, I had a good view of tho buck door, and could see if anybody went in or out. There was a shed an my right, out side and close to the door, and I had " grave" (joke) suspicions about that shed. I had an idea — Vandal that I was — that the \- materialised spirit was hidden in that shed, and sure enough 'it was. Just at what I guessed was tho right time, the spirit slipped out of the Bhod with a nigbtAresB on, and miracle of miracles 1 passed right through the kitchen door. I was hardly prepared for that sur prise, but rati up tho yard as quietly as possible and stationed myself outside the spot. I then perceived that there was a secbet panel in the doob large enough to admit an adult, which opened on concealed hinges, and through this my "spirit" had entered. I waited anxiously for it to return. Iu a fow minutes tho white-robed figure, without perceiving me, put out its head (covered by a nightcap), and its body quickly fol lowed. Without a word of warning 5'- i pounced upon the spook and found a thing very much of flesh and blood. Tho spirit emitted a series of feminine shrieks, and tried to get away. I-' discovered that young ladies of sovonteon or eighteen who play spook and are caught can scratch, liko the devil hitnsolf, but I hold on. It was a lively little ghost, but in the end it commenced to cry, and boggud me not to " show it up," at least not in its nightdress. At that stage, however, my friend inside had turned up the gas, and the people came rushing out just in time to prevent me ravishing a kiss from the most charming spirit that ever a man caught in all his life. There was an exposube, of course, and Mr. — : — fell in for a lot of abuse. However, ho put the best face he could upon the matter, and as there was nothing -else to do, explained the way in which the dodge was worked. We dis covered that the whole house was literally laid with electric wires. Thoso were I manipulated from tho head of the staircase by a friend of Mr. , who was in tho swim. He it was who, by means of an electric buttery, caused lights to flash in different parts of tho room, and noises to sound in the clock and so on. The move able panel had been fixed in the back door in such a manner as to defy discovory, and on the whole ' tho fraud was worked with great cunning. Had it not been for one hard-shell sceptic the seances- . at that establishment might have continued with great success down to now. And tho scepticism of that sceptic first began over an adventure with a Billy ghost. The foregoing is only one of many similar incidents. The subjectof spook huntingisan inexhaustible one, but from the time that the first modern unbeliever laid carpet tacks end up on tho floor, whero they would do the materialised spirit most good, modern spiritualism has received a severe chock. Table-rapping and kindred enter tainments 8 till continue, but they have lost their charm for the enquiring publio, and it will take a lot of new and original mani- i testations to revive the old-time interest- ' in tho universal spook; ! 