LIFE IN THE G3LDEN WEST. CAJIP-FIRE AND -FOREST TRACK. LOVE IX LEG IHOXS, ' . (All RujM? JUserrcd.) ' • (BY " SiiiLEB.') , .Some.people would. ha,ve called the day warm, bjtt the man standing b.j" the. 'dqor of the b/n;k hut far back .beyond lM^un ; Marga"ret ;.o-i the. slope .of a. barre-i looking -^uirtz range, Ijd. not ,ventilate his feelings that way. _ He called it d—r—dipt but tlifu he vras only a half-educated newspaper reporter —a noiuad wl;o hate) men and despised most women, nut! loved little,.else in this world .but dogs. _ and horses, and litt le children. . He was one who had .once believed in the nobility of manhood and the sacred flame of friendship, and had' fooled away his best 'days; and brigh'tesi chances endeavoring to aid in th'c establishment (of that creed which has the brotherhood of man for its backbone, until he realised that all'wonen arc actresses and all men liars Then he recognise] that he was one of life's failures—a rotten bit^f broken wreckage 011 the coastline of life. . Tbat:._wii-s whydre. wns Wi.irkiiig io.fhe b;jck-blo:'ks -of Hie (5-olden. W-esHiastaid of moving, as he -might" lrnve 'Hone.'amidst the ti'mp!"s of his' broken idols in the big citie-of the east. . But lie was not thinking of those things this day as he stood vritli the bridle hanging loosely over' his arm. while the''good grey hA'ck stood with heaving flanksWTdroopitae head close behind him. Tie-was'wondering who arid what 1 manner 'of 1 mafn 'had built that cabin in such a spot' 300 inifes inland .'from Coolgardie'. 1 " " ".-• • "'Must*' Viavb beefi here for' : many a Ion2- venr," said the s'crib'e. till Id ng tti' His good greV Comrade, as'if he 'at 'least 'credited his hofse v.dth suffie'e'.i(i"sei 1 i' J e to tindersi and and 'appreciate his teniaVlfS. '"Dotrt 'look like a dicrger'ri habitation.' nor 'vet a.''settlers. I hever expecteil to blunder 1 upfm anything like this in these -parts.- Fancy the best thing for me to do is to lmoek again. It, maybe 'only'some rum-sodden - slwmfcy after all, and I : may have 1 ljeeu 'Wastiing'a 1 lot of sentiment oVer a drunken sotd' >. Throwing the--reins' careleselv to- tjhe ground, he filled bis • cherry-wood pMicv then sauntering up-to the slab .hut die-kicked it •hard aud often, but 110 answer -eajne. from within: The visitor sauntered • back s to his iiorse.-remarking— „.• -. =..»- ?- " The betrgar that owns tliis camp ia either dead, deaf, drunk or departed : so. sold -man, we'll prospect roulid 011 our own account." The liorse understood enough of . the speech to be aware that his clay's labor was: .,*jt an .end. for he wjiimied slightly asid jdiru-t his velvet muzzle into his master's •.•hand fgr a caress, for this 'lirm, who. loathed his fellows with a deep and bifter loath^, had, -plenty of room in his heart for his cjuine pojprade. Jn a few moments the saddle ,and.-bridle were lying in a heap on the gyouud. and dim wayfarer started to prospect -around ,ihe .outside of the premises, his liorse following him like a dog. .... At the back of the cabin there was a wellworn foot pad, which seemed to die away in a clump of gimlet-trees a hundred paces further down the hillside. , Down ,.thi-= the stranger and,his horse sauntered."and as thby entered the oasis the man uttered an exclamation of pleasure and the h'or^e threw up his clean cut head with" a gesture of delight. "We're .in .luck,.old nian. fo'r_ once." said the pressman. '".Hereis water, and plenty of it. Dip your hot muzzle into that soak and drink until your flanks crack. It's many'a day since you've had such an unstinted treat,/] ... . . . . - . ' And the horse did drink until his dappled hide seemed ready to burst, bis nuister lolling idly against a tree trunk smotnn^ his pi. ie the while. When the good animd had appeased his thirst the man patted him fondly 0:1 his shapely neck arid turned him loose to work his will'upon'the wild ftrkss' 'that grew in abundance around the spot,. 'Then' ' he marched' deliberately " up' : to the but, lifted the rude latch attached to the door, and crossed the threfeliho'ld uubi Men. The room was larger than tile' ordlnaryl-un of such places : but it was ^not--^he-^ize of the place that held the reporter rivetted to the doorway. ; He had expected to see a run of rough slab walls, a dirty floor, a coarse bunk covered with kangaroo skins, and all the usual gear peculiar to a bushman's shanty. But lie saw a large low room, the walls lined with kangaroo skins, and the floor covered with the soft coats of the emu. A neat bed etooddn one corner upon which a man lay sleeping, and,in tlie centre of the room st00 1 an artist's easel. All_ around tlie walls of the cabin u'nframed pictures hung, and over the bed an old-fashioned rifle rested in a sling. " Devilish queer sort of a camp, to strike." muttered the reporter. " If I ever :put this into print people will say that I.}ied..ov.that -my-brain has -softened a bit under the. continued influence of the bush and t-he brandy bottle. I'm an unbidden guest..and>poss.ibly au unwelcome one also, but I'll chance that ,anl rouse the boss of this,, backblock atelier." He walked across to the bed. his feet fall- 1 ing uoi-ele-"] v upon the wild bird's skin, and stood over the shvper. a man with hair long and white :uid soft a« the sands on the shores of a salt lake. The face of the fi;rur« lying before h::n was brown ;t:id wrinkled, but juirke 1 with the u:im>t.-ik;ible hieroglyphic; :ii.it n.'-'ure place- upon the counten-inees of men of brains. A b:;.-ird as white as a virgin's conscience drifted down over the simmken chest, falling with the untrained grace of the wild wattle flower. Tlie sunlight from the open d^ir fell full upon- the still jfe.itures and lingered upon the •small, rougs. wrirfWe* h'anla; but st.il>he :'di»l mat/ awaken. The report®; placed his hand kindly on the brow of the sleepefi'and let his lingers nlay for a moment amidst the furrows that in I been traced too deeply to be the mere handiwork oft: ne. Then he spoke, a- men who are in the habir of moving much alone do speak — •• You have thrown a seven, comrade. 1 have come a day too late. I doubt if vou ever looked as peaceful in life as vou do now t'lat. you are prospering in the land of sha lows. iVon ter who you were, anil how such a fellow as you seem to have been got here. Xot even a dog for com pan v. not a nigger for a servant, nor a black or bronze beauty for a slave.""' Timehtntr the dead face with, his hand again he 3 luglied—.1 low, bitter, mo&inz; lauirh— as he wheeled away. Then he turne 1 aiain. saying— 1 11 shake han Is with vou. o! 1 her nit. for if I'm any judire of tilings vou and I cm claim to be brethren in one respect- at, leas f — we belong to life's failures, ami both hare lived long enough to reilise it. You've played your last card, and are at rest, whilst I have a whole handful to phtv befo e I can cpiit the game, and I know that every deal that comes my way will be worse than the hist. But who the deuce were you.' I wonder if these pictures will tell me vour story."' lie turned to the easel. The paint upon the canvas was still damp, and the brush lay just. where the dea l man had dropped it On the still moist palette. It was the portrait of the recluse himself—old. grey, weathersrniued and rough—but the auguish that lived f)ii the canvas was absent from the sculpture 1 feature 1 of the dead. 1'he pressman took the picture from the easel and hunz it upon a nail prepared for its reception by the artist. Then he turned to the nest picture. It, was a scene depicted with ur usual power and feeling. An old man was standing bv the body of a dead liorse. In his hand he held a still smoking revolver. Xothing but, desolate bush, barren, weird, ghost.iy and grim, surrounded him. and the faee was the face of the sleeper on the bed in the corner, but, younger. The figure was more alert, the eyes keener, the head less gray, btit, still the face carried that look of haunting agony which comes to some men and. thank God. abides with few. Tlie next painting represcn ed the same man. but younger in years—a man in his prime, dressed in the garb of a felon, chained like a hound, standing on the shores of Fremantle Ray auii lst a crowd of jeering spectators. The pressman looked at it long and earnestly, and murmured, "So that was his secret, was it? Poor devil !" Then he moved along to the next link of the impressive but silent chain of evidence. The same man was standing dressed in the garb of a British naval officer looking down upon the dead body of a murdered man. A poisoned potion was in the dead man's hand ; horror and innocence was on the face of the sailor ; whilst crouching by his side, with guilt: in every line of her lovely face was a woman of amazing beauty, lifting beseeching eyes and clasped hands towards the one man who knew her .guilty secret. On the face of the office]-, love, loathing, horror, pity and compassion were all blended. The reporter moved to the dead man's side once more, aud lifted his soft felt hat. as if an emperor lay before him. and taking the cold hand that lay nearest him in his own strong clasp, lie said sadly— " So. old man. the secret 3-011 have guarded so faithfully for half a life time stands revealed before your clay is cold. You were a son of the sea who in your hot youth loved a woman wedded to another, and perhaps she loved 7011—Goi knows. She poisone 1 the man who placed tlie marriage ring upon her finger, and you knew it and sufiere.l for her crime. Some men would call yon a hero, while others would dub you a fool; but fool or hero no eye but mine shall look upon the relics of your sufferings, of your glory, and your shame, and your ashes shall mingle with the ashes of every link that binds you to the past." Then lie turned from the spot, kindle 1 a fire by the dry log walls, aud wa^che 1 far Into the night as the cabin blazed aud then smoulde'-ed into one big ghastly pile o'' embers, over which three spirits seem?. 1 to float, until tired out with watching he stretclie 1 himself upon the hot earth mil slept, ami even in his sleep he laughe 1— Iaughe-t at the mockery men call living. (To be continued.) 