AMONGST THE MEDIUIS. NO. II. BY RrrA. Now this is the gist of what the mediums give us in paraphrase. One after another says to one member of the, circle after another, "I'm well and happy in spirit land, and I hope you will not mourn me-I am always thinking of you (or Tom or Harry, according to the family ties of the spirit) give my best love to them all. I have not visited you before, because you did not sit with the right medium (hero the medium can do a little business for herself); now you may expect many visits from me through Mrs Blank (more business). Well, I must be going now. Good.bye." And then the medium seeks her chair, exhausted, rests, ansod after a hymn has been sung, comes forward and repeatathe same thing in much the same lauguage, with the variation of such details as the. questions of the sitter-say last night- suggest it would be satisfactory to introduce to-night. Anything else she picks up from the conver sations before and after the circle site. Long confabulations take place between regular sitters and the medium, but with all new comers it is very brief, and on the safe side; but all beoin and end more or less after the style of the precis given above. Indeed,it was the " I'm.well.and-happy-no-more-at-pre sent " style, that remanded me of the immigrants, and gave the clue to an analysis of the medium's speeches. The former will always dictate just about the same, because they have few ideas and not many words with which to express them; for the same reason the mediums know not infinite variety. '1 hey all conduct their seances in rooms lit by a small lamp, which is turned low, and "blocked," as one lady expressed it-that is, books are placed in front of it till the room is almost in darkness, save for a flioaerina dis tant corner. They all sing hymns while the medium is going off, a process involving sundry dramatic shivers. They all have one or two friends in the circle who seem to mind " the front of the houese," as theatrisal people say. These friends collect the money, talk amiably to everyone, and ask questions in a guilelsss, careless way ; the Information so gleaned may or may not be told to the medium, but I have heard quite enough told to the friend of the medium in five minutes for the medium to tell the inquirer something plausible next night.. These friends of the medium all pretend to be more or less clairvoyant, and to be domin ated by this or that spirit. They sit passing their hands over their foreheads ex. plaining it is to prevent some spirit from having "control" or to dismiss one that is bothering, eand so on. This game goes on so persistently it must have some raison d'etre and I should not be surprised to hear that the bush telegraph is clumsy compared to it as a means of signalling "'dancer," "caution," "go on ahead," etc., to the medium. One marked instance confirmed this sns pioion. The medium's friends sat in circle be tween me and another stranger, both of us being well watched and questioned. The medium was one, of the foremost here-a well-spoken woman, who scorned to ask questions herself. She moved cautiously, feeling her way. Addressing me, she said, "There is an old lady looking at you; she loves you." Immediately her friend in the circle said to me with intense feeling, "There I Can it beyourmother, dear? Is she dead?" Againstmy wish-for it is hideous to even appear to permit these people to talk with one's dead-I wasobliged to say yes, as she waited my answer. She passed her hands over her face, and the medium aunohed forth thus in a delighted sort of way : "Such a dear old lady, with grey hair and she says she wants to speak to you." Now, I paid my shilling to see what went I on and most carefully refrained from asking for anyone's spirit, so felt quite justified in saying coldly, " Thank you, I don't wish to speak. It is not my mother. She died I before she was old and while her hair was t black. You have made a great mistake." Therewas just the least sensation when I said this but the woman took it coolly and said, " Yes, dear, I did make a mistake; the guide says he said it was your grandmother. I didn't understand him at first." She wont on 1 to the athers, and the matterdropped. This reminds me to mention two things. Every spirit is supposed to be led by a guide who answers questions, and announces often that the spirit sought cannot speak to-night, but will next night. Thisafteryonhave been invited to askouestions of the guide or spirit, and so give a fair amount of assistance to the medium. Then to otherswho have evidently been through this, the spirit is allowed to speak a little, but directly questions become troublesome the guide announces to the medium he must take the spirit back, and the no-more.at-present business is repeated.. The other thing is this, that no matter what ocours the mediums have a patter or an answer to meet it; they are like eels the way they wriggle and hoist out of an awkward situation. Some people think a well framed question or two would nonplus them. Such ones should take their little questions along and try. It is not my experience. It is their game, and has to be played their way, and if youwon't play their way, why, you are not in the game, as school children have it. The way to play the game is this: go and ask to see your sainted great- greatogrand mother; the spirit guide will bring her; then he or the medium will announce she cannot speak to-night. After circle tell the medium or her friend what you think would be a fair thing to expect a sainted great- great.grand. mother tosay, and she will say it sandwiched between the precis of the mediums formula I gave above; then you must say spiritualism is a fine, satisfying, elevating game for a great mind, and the medium is a marvel, and come every week and bring a friend andpay. Presently, as they get to know yourhitory, they will tell you they have a private message to give you, and in. veogle you into a private sitting, fee ie for the first, 2s 6d for all others (some others charge ?a every time) and the spirit tells you to come every week-good business again. So mush for generalities applying to every medium I have seen. Next, a few brief particulars, and they must be much condensed, for mediums are nothing if not prolix. Yet often one would have as little sense of humor as Mrs Triplet not to be amused. I was told the medium most esteemed by the spiritualists would sit in circle at 7.30 that night, and resolved to be punctual to see the seance commenoe. Arriving at 7.30 I found by messages to her sitters she had patic off till So'slook to suit some of them, so eat reading and waiting. In the roomwas a woman suffering from an internal com plaint, over which the medium, and an old woman called "Granny,"' positively gloated. All seemed to cherish the belief that when the right medium should be found her touch would cure it, and the mediumreconmended anbther, to whom I will refer lower down as "a beautiful healer," and said hermagnes ism might sunit,the sufferers better than the peakecr'. "Granny" said she had neoor found a medium with magnetism strong enough for her, and she had been spiritualist for years. She certainlylookedtough. Then there was "Sich a gettin' up stairs," and an old gentleman hailed by the trio in chorus as " Daddy," came in. He pulled a small brandy flask out of his poceot, and gave it athe medium, saying, '*Thisis remedy for toothache." She took it and thanked him. Then "Daddy " and 1\. Granny" had one of those ohnuckling flirts.a tions that it takes old hands to negotiate sucessfully. Meantime the medium had put her t toothache mixture " away, and put on a white clinging dress, rather effective when the lamp was turned down, giving her a ghost.like took. By quarter past eight there were fourteen present, superior spiritualist for the nmoat part. The woman with the internal disease had as much said about it as any decent spirit could be expected to say, even a spirit that spoke with loftyscornfor the usueally accepted cause of anod cure for the disease. Then some one said "Granny's off." I had noticed the old woman falling asleep, as I thought, and wondered why abshe was not in lied. However, she was working up a trance. "*Goto her; she's Rotsomething she wants to say," said one. The mediunn's friend went and knelt in front of her, aud she sighed and slobbered over her for ten minutes, then said, "God bless you," andwoke. From remarks made is seemed that "Granny's' perfor mance thatnightwas not upto the mark. It was a sufsiiently sickening sight. Later on " Daddy "favored the company by" going off." Now, his performance, I I have no hesitation in pronouneiug dissueting In fact, I have never seen such a sight any-. whore. His attitude, as hesank in his chair with his head fallen limp, his chin on his breast, dribbling, his hands limp on each knoee, and breathing hard, seemed too much for the medium's friend, and another, who shook him and sald, "Daddy, sit up," in a way that said, "do not be idiotic; you ar' overdoing it." They got him into a better position, and the medium dlaced her hands on his head and said, " Poor Daddy, the magnetism to-night is too strong for him." : A superior man appealed to me to knoiv if Scould see the spirit of his daughter sitting on the medium's knees. I said " No," and heseemed disappointed. A woman -a sort of Dot Peerybingle-iuformed me she thought it great nonsense. She had just put baby to bed, and slipped in to see it out of curiosity, because her sister was in a developing class and she believed it would send her mad. Now, a developing class iswhere" sensitive young spirits," to quote their teacher, are "brought on," and become mediums. Here more clumsy tricks than those that wrought ,the ruin of Herr Paulus are taught young girls from one guinea upwards ! The medium who held the above seanoean? class was referred to as a marvellous inspira tional speaker. She spoke fluently and cor reetly, but with great paucity of ideas, vocabulary and style. "Jerusalem," " Colden City," and "Christmas Lilies " consti tuted the poetic flights-they are often used for that purpose by speakers of a certain taste. Not a single bright idea, beautiful metaphor nor finely-turned sentence escaped her. Yet people, spiritualists, say she is very fine; it was milk and water, and sky. blue at that. Space precludes even a glimpse at other ciroles,baut the "beautiful hesler" must not be forgotten. The" beautiful," it must be understood, applies to her alleged gift of healing, not to her face, which is not only plain but evil-looking. I heard of herfor the first time at the circle, and all the spiritual ists said she was clever, and should be seen; her specialitv is healing and private sittings at 6s. She has a circle, but only stands and addresses people on a mixture of several re ligions, Eastern and Western. She is on the highest plane of spiritualism. she says, and could not sit in the room with anyone wholikee a table turned over or to hear a spirit rap. They are vulgar manifestations for the vulgar of a beautiful religion, of which she and one or two elect hold the key. She has been in the Holy of Holies, and jumping tables will never satisfy her as they once did. Everyone seemed to say a sitting with her would lift one into another atmosphere, and was the sort of thing an inquirer ought to seek. [I have since learned what I did not know, that these mediums not only recom mend people from medium to medium here, but to medinms in other colonies, and send all particulars to the medium, who thus gets a great reputation amongst travellers, who mention their experiencaes on a voyage.] It had also been forced upon me that it was only half playing the game not to ask for a spirit. WVhen I asked the 'beautiful healer" if she thought she could bring my sister's spirit for a conversation she said, "1 always suc ceed, no matter who fails. Sit you here. 1 may take some time going off, bntwhen I do, just talk as if your sister were here." Sitting examining her bottles of oil used forrubbingthose she heals and some other articles of her stook-in-trade on the table near, she took me unawares when she dabbed out her hand and gasped in a whirlwind of delight, "Sister ! here I am at last. How I've longed for this. It was your spirit-guide brought you to Mrs Blank. Then, in ver bose style, was given the stock patter given in precis above, and more in the same style. Then, grasping my hand very tightly, she said, " What friends we would have beenif I had lived, but it was not to be, you 'see. It is all for the best, You can't see it. You are blinded with grief, but I can see it." Theen-and, gentlemen, it is recorded with the same sorrow with which it was heard-she said'men are bad i Oh, so very, very bad, deceivers, and many other namestoo numerous and impolite to mention were said to describe your characteristics to a nicety. Then ahesaid, " Why don'tyou speak to me ? Let me hear your voice again." Now, really, I had thought so little of the matter I had not framed a question, and staggered by the request, had nota thingtosay. After a pause this came, but it sounded hollow, and did not please me. "Of course, I'm very glad to see you." The spirit recipro cated the feeling. Then, unable to think of anything more intellectual, I said, " De scribe your present home and life." and in two brief minutes repented this idiocy, for the medium was off like a rocket. and took about fifteen minutes to say over and over again that it wasa beautiful and happy home, inhabited by beautifulspiritA who took a keen interest in the'dwellers on earth, and who were always readyto yarn when wanted. Further ques tions were invited, but not put, so the medium shivered, awoke, took her fee, and said any time I ever wanted to speak to my sister again she would make an exception, and only charge 2e 6d, for the girl was a beautiful' spirit and' far advanced in spirit land, and she expected as she got in touch with u,would have something to say that we should hear. It is necessary to state hero that I never had a sister, though simple cowardice pre vented the fact being stated to the medium. I said to an ex.spiritualist, " Surely there is something more than these silly games and this silly patter to be found ?" He said not in those ciroles where you pay your shilling for your chair and that are open to everyone. That's a fair sample. There are more re fined private circles, but only believers or those vonched for by friends as earnest in quirersoan go. (It should have been mentioned above that the mediums announce at the public circle that they will "sit" with a few friends in private on such a night and ask friendscopassroundtheintimation,onemedium remarking that he had forbidden so and so to come to the public seance, where hard spirits sometimes came as she was sensitive, and had to be kept from all sceptical in fluence till stronger. Then in these private circles you find much the same thing as else where. They know each -other and the history of anyone they bring or set a confederate to find out for sooial intercourse is part of the game, these lower class mediuams just parody what their betters do. Then spiritualism is not the same to-day as it was in my young days: then, it at tracted a different class, now it is played out comparatively. A great many former spirituslists have, like myself, embraced the oeophy. Oh, yes, oiroles investigato here andthere, butthepalmydays of spiritunalism. are over. Yes, the exposures had semething to do with it. Do the circles pay?-Well, formerly, yes. Nobody grudged a shilling and 20 or 30 would drop in twice a week for the fan of the thing. But not now. You see the size of the cireles. Bad times have affected it like everything else. How very mundane of spirituallste to allow "bad times" and a consideration for pal tr ahillings to affeot them. One would think that the intellects that seek and require the mental pap dished up for them would ris superior to "shillings" and "times." But they do not, it seems. Even beings "all sal" like the mediums have a regard for the "shillingse." Just another instanoe of the weak little traits and foibles sometimes fouad in truly great people. Even a medium can. not be great all round at "price one shil ling." _ _ _ 