A. LIVEL7 CORPS,. I HERE is no telling when a party it W absolutely dead inl tile United States. A few years ago it was implicitly believed by some people that the Democracy wias dead. Just now the saine prediction is boing made in regard to the Republican party. Whenever we read in a Republican paper that the Democracy is dead, or vice versa, we are very much reminded of that yarn about Shuckers. A man named William U. Sheckere died in WVilmington. It seems that there was another man in the city bearing precisely the same name, and when the death was announced a good many of his friends thought he was dead, and they resolved to go to hei funeral. On the day of the funeral tie lividlg Shuckers also tlloraht be would go, partly fir the purpose of ascertaining how it hit to parLicipate in the ebiequies ofa man named William i). .Shockers. He took up a position in the vestibnle, and as bhe mourners were about to come out, a friend of his, named Jone', saw him. The first imlullse of Jones was to rush through the kitchen and climb sud denly over the back fence ; hbt he controlled himself, and after poking Shuckers in tile ribs with his umbrella to determine posi Lively that he was not a ghost, Jones remarked ; " Why, Shuckers, what on eaL th are you doing here? Why ain't you in your cofin ?" "Coffin I" exclaimed Shuckers. "wha d' you mean? What do I want with a coffin ?" " Mr. Shiuckers, you know you are dead. Why, they tot up nall this gorgeous funeral for you, all these carriages and pill-bearers and things, and the clergyman's just been paying you splendid conmplimentse that afy dead man might be ploud of." " ButI tell you I'm not dead. I'm as much alive as you lire." "There is no use of arguing thle point, Shockers; the occasion in too solemn for controversy. But if you have any considera tion for the feelings of your bereaved family who are weeping like mad upstlairs, and for the undertaker who is waiting inside there with the screw-driver, you will go and get into your coffin and behave. It's indecent to carry on so at your own funeral." ".Fanes, my boy," said Shuckers," you lave mistaken "---e "No, I'm not mistaken you're dead, technically dead, anylhow. It Ias been aenoninced inl all the papers, your relations have gone into mourning, thle onald of Trade inhas passed resolutions of regret., tie sepulchre has been dug, rip there ill the cemetery, and the undertaker rhas gone toi considerable expense to inter you cormfort ably. Now, go nid lie down, won't you ?" " Hang the undertaker," said Shuckers. " No, I'll not lie down. I'll see you in Kansas first.." " Now, see here, Shuckere, I camnt here to attend vyour funeral, and I'm not going to be baffled 'hy any unseemly condluct on the part of the corpse. Ohi, you needn't look mad at mei I-either you get, back into thait cofrin so's the lid can be screwed on and the procession can move oil, or 111 puIt you in there by force. If inanimate remains like you can go scooting 'round in this incen diary manner, we'll soonl have tile cemeteries unloading and the linnumlbered dead crowd. ing out and wanting to vote." Then Jones called the undertaker, who knocked Shockers down with ia cane asd held him until he explained, and until tihe scared irndiorlaker recovered glis ecrraninmitv which left him at tile bare suggestion that tihe corpse was loose. Thren the funeral moved on to the cemetery and Jones went home, while Shuckers proceeded to arn alderman,' office to swear out ai walrrnt againsat the undertaker for assnult and battery. He intends to change his name to Duykinck. t THE MAN FROM PONY GULCH. SHa was a lantern-jawed, raw-bon!led speci men, of a man; and he rushed into tihe Cow- a boys' Retreat with a -whoop. "Kerbun.erwow I -Want to know who I am? i'm the cyclonefrom Pony ulch --the a lightnin' and the howlin' thunder--thel great untamed catamount-- that's what I "Course you are," said Tootles, sooth ingly. " You're the simoon of the desert and the terror of the hull country-that's what yoeu are " Whoop-I'm a bad man I" he howled, spinning round like a top. Then ihe jumped t into the air, and came down flat onil his feet so the building shivered. "I shake the earth-that's what I do! You know me, Toot ?" " Well, I should say so, ole blue fire:' " You all know me, don't you, boys?" " You bet." " Conme up--come up,r every mothler's son o' ye, nat' drink wine n'ith the bad man fromn tihe Gulch." Every one started for the bar with tile exception of a quiet stranger, whosat in the corner with a queer little box on his lap. " Come up heore you -yelled tie Terror. " 1 choose to sit where I ami," said tile stranger, cahnly. "Ii you want to drink, drink arsl don't bother m e," mEvery one wasstrickenimute with asonish- i meat. Refuse to drink with tihe Terror ! The malu wans certainly temllptig fate. The 'Terror rubbed hIris hand over Ilia forehead in a vacant. kind of way, ans though he couldn't understand it. Then he let onf a war-whoop, and made three jumrnis for tihe straniger. "ll in't guoi' to trink with me, hey? Won't drink with ole ]ightnin' when yer asked ?" lie craned his neck forward until his nose was within two inches of the stranger's, who thereupon brought his hand around and knocked the face orut of his wany. " 'our breath is awful," was all he said and old Toottes aiily palpitated with excitement. What would tile Terror do now ? Rushing into the mniddle of tile room the bad man began to undress. "lie's defied the cyclone, an' tile cata mnount's goi' tor spinig I The lightnin's goirn'ter itrike. \VWatc me." 'Then hel I wailtzed ull to tile stranger, and dancedI firs.t oe one foot, then oel tile other, with a grreot hourish of fists, but the otrarger sat stlock still, and never mnoved so much as i irnuscle. As pIrelude to draeging him to the bar, the bad man carlghit Ioli of tlre box on tile stranger's knee, aini irnmediately iwentdown with a howl. Then hie cot up, shook himiself, tried it again, anrd swent down again. 'lhie was ernougr, and tile cyclone ubsided into a mild rephyr, and aifted itself out of thie door withlout a word. 'lhen thie quiet nlao got nir smilingly, and took sonme cards from hio Ioriet. "l'mn a dentist, genllemer, anl I prull teeth wsitlhut painr by the inee of electricity. My ligllhtin-g is good, for you irrve just seen, it. srike. ''llere is ny card. T'welnty-five cents pier looth. I will bIe with yor for a few days ill thie rear of Mr. Barlow's store. Give me a call." Andl it is nio fiction to observe that all Skytown tried that ldentist's hlghtning oilrply because they had either seen or heard hiow it had floored the bad mai from the Gulch. " II abhence make l Ie heart grow lfender," I said to her last fall. "Perhaps, dear one, I'd better wandetr, And not come back at all." Anid she?., Ah, me! Sire whiripercd low, " You'd better go, For absence makes lthe heart grow funder." Don't be a lazy man, for he can only shovel snow in summner or cut grass in winter. Therefore he is always out of a Job. The spendthllrift wli0 spreig.iA ggfie ??rl C9 9900596 AS)kb 