ffihilbrm's (Kriumm UNCLE HARRY'S LETTER. No. XXIV. My Very Dear Nephews and Nieces—I (appose that aa this letter is to appear in oar "Speoial Christmas Number," it is only right that it should be of a Christmassy character. Well, I don't think it will be a very difficult matter for me to write about Christmas, for I tm one of those who thoroughly believe in and enjoy this " festive season," aa it is generally called. I c»n say with Scrooge's nephew," I have always thought of Ghriptnuu time'vhen it has oomo round—apart from the veneration doe to its snored name and origin, if anything belonging to it oan be apart from that—a* a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one oonsent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow- travellers to the grave, and not another raoe of creatures bound on other journeys. And therefore I believe it has done good, and will do good, and so I say with all noiy heart 4 God bless it!' " Have you read that wonderful "Ghost Story of Christmas." by Charles Diokens entitled "A Christmas Carol," from which I have justs quoted? If not, then do so as soon as possible. You oan get it in a sixpenny edision, but it is worth its weight in gold. Every time I read it I wish so muoh that every one elte oould read it too. And yet, how very different is the Christmas time we there read about from that which we have here. We read in the opening of the . story—"It was oold, bleak, biting weather, foggy withal, and the people outside went wheezing up and ddwn, beating their arms upon their breasts and stamping their feet upon the pavement stones to warm them. The city clocks had only just gone 3, but it was quite dark already — it had not been really light all day—ud caudles were flaring in the windows of the offices like ruddy smears upon the palpable brown air. The fog oame pouring in at every cbink and keyhole, and to see the dingy cloud come down, obscuring everything, one might have thought that Nature was brewing on a large scale." Now, just compare that vivid]jr written -description with the days of sweltering, stifling heat that we have lately bad (perhaps are having as you read this letter) and you will then understand how vastly different an English Christmas is from ours so far as weather goes. Wonld you like to hear about the first Christinas I spent in England? I have to look baok seventeen years, and yet I oan remember it so well. I had gone to bed full of exoitement, as youngsters do at suoh times, and lay awak* for a long time listening to the quarter chime' from a neighbouring ohuroh tower. What my dreams were about when I at last went to sleep I den't remember, but I half-waked on bearing musio that seemed angelic in its sweetness. My first thought as I sat bolt upright in bed was —"Am I in heaven?" And then, after rubbing my eyes a little more, I oould make out the familiar objects in the room, and I knew that I was not in heaven yet. But the music? Well, it stopped just then, as though at theend of a verse, and so I listened "with all my ears" to oatoh the words and tune as soon as it began again. Ah, I knew it at onoe, for had we not sung it in ohuroh a morning or two before? It was that grand old tune oalled "Yorkshire," and the hymn waa " Christians awake, salute the h*p,>y mora." Then I knew it was the Churoh choristers who were singing in front of our house, and the words' 1 'Carol singers" came to my mind aa I hastily jumped out of bed and began exeitedly to dress. You see, dear children, I had often read about " waits" aud "carol singers" going about very early on Christmas morning; but I had the most hazy notion in regard to them. I only knew that it was one of the sweetest surprises I have ever had in my life, and to this day I oan remember the thrills of delight that oame over me as I listened. Then oame the fnrtber excite men tof providing hot coffee and oakefor the singers; and I remember what a piotnre they made—justlikesomany "FatherOhristmases —with their furs andgreatooatssprinkled with a slight fall of snow, and their faces all rosy and beaming. Of course there was very little more sleep for me that night, and for a long time I aat wrapped in a btg rug, and looked from the window at the fairyland soene JSlffllft tTiTnlightj and the fall was just enough to "papper "f^erlMLpis't should say tali) everything with white. Then, every nt?w and again I oould hear very faintly the strains of the town band as they played Christmas airs from place to place. It was tbe usual thing to "poke fun at this same band when they performed in public (generally at football or crioket matches), for it was mostly composed of factory lads, who had but little time for praotio*. But as I listened to them so early that Christmas morning I resolved to never again disparage their performances. Well, ohildren, I have taken np more time than I intended in telling you this little reminiscence. Consequently, 1 will have to shorten the remaining portion of my letter. For, with all the fan and exoitement that you will be having this week, yon won't feel inclined fdr a long letter from me, will you ? Well, dears, I only wish, in conclusion, to give you a recipe for spending a Merry Christmas. There is the time, I suppose, when "recipes" are most enquired for; and so it is quite tbe proper thing for me to give you one, isn't it ? And remember, this is a recipe for a Merry Christmas—not just a "happy" or a "joyous" one, as some folk prefer to say. I remember,- oh, so well, what a ohill I onoe received at this time of all others over the use of that word Merry. I was staying that Christmas with an aunt of mine, who, though not an "old maid," had muoh of those qualities that ana generally attributed to them, suoh as an (exceptional fondness for neatness and quiet, and therefore not quite the best one to sympathize with a "noisy and untidy schoolboy. On Christmas morning I oame bursting into the brealcfastroom with " Merry Christmas, Auntie t" "A hippy Christmas, my boy, if you please." Well, it wasn't muoh, perhaps, so far aa words go, but somehow it seemed to dampen my Christmas spirits, just like the sun going suddenly behind a cloud. Now, I want you, my bright young. "Sunbeams," to spend a merry Christmas—merry, that is, in the best tense.of the word. And this is the reoipe for it:—Do all you oan to help all those you know to spend a Merry Christmas, and you may be sure that your own will beas merry as heart oould desire. I oould easily "spin out" this recipe to any length, but it is long enough, and if you want it shorter still, it can be summed up in one word—Unselfishness. In trying to make others happy we shall find the truest happiness ourselves, and the best of all enjoyment is, I think, that which we give to others. At any rate, let that be our aim this Chriatmastide, and (hen when it is all over. I am sure you will have spent a truly " iiierry Christmas." That you may everyone do so is the heartfelt wish of Aunt Sophie, Cousins Bessie and Bertie, and Your ever loving UKCLE HABRT. In looting up the birthdays I find that we have six "Sunbeams" whose birthday falls on Christmas Day. "MANY HAPPY BETCRNS OF THE DAY." On MONDAY, 24th, to Oracle TITE, East Adelaide (9). Oi TLESD.IT, 25th, to Mabel G. C. CLARKE, Goodwood (10): Georfre H. LOCKYER, Lower Mitcham (III; Elizabeth A. SMITH. Minlaton (9); Alfred K. WORKMAN, Sandwell (11); Spencer C. WH.LI.IMS, QueenBtown(16); and ChryktaW Maud Fit vsr.R, Semaphore (8). ON WED.VKSIUT, 26th, to Edith FAULKNER, IVatcrralo ;1K); W. BASDELL. Start's Billabong; B. JKHLI>.G II2): and James NAISSIITH, Birkenhead (li). On THURSDAY, 27th, to MathewJ. WEBB, West Biniiiuimli (8). On FRIDAY. iSth, to Florence S. HARRIS, Plimpton (13). and Nellie RANDALL, Sandwell (12). I notice, ton, that one " Sunbeam" attains his fifteenth birthday (Spencer Williams). It will be nec<>s«ary, therefore, for him to send in a special application to be enrolled AS AS ASSOCIATE ol the S.S.—Cncle Harry. 