A BIG BLUNDER. It was the train despatcher's turn to tell a story and this was the one he told :-' I was working on a western road in 1880. and I had a long night shift. The section of road over which I worked was a big one. It was a single-track road and, as traffic was very heavy, it kept me busy all the time. ' One week in February there was a very heavy fall of snow and the trains all got behind. I was at my wit's end and one night-it was Wednesday, February 16. I will never forget that date-I was trying to handle a heavy eastbound passenger and a westbound passenger that was fully as heavy. The eastbound train was 'way behind, and the westbound train had started out on time. I gave the engineer of the westbound train an order to run to a certain station, and when I got a report from the eastbound train I ordered that engineer to go to a certain station and run on a siding to allow the other train to pass. I was busy with a couple of freights at the time, and when I got through and had time to think, it flashed on me that I had given what we call a lap order. That is, the two trains would have to pass each other on the same track if my instructions were carried out. I don't suppose that I would have felt so bad if I had known that I was going to be killed that minute. The room swam before my eyes and I nearly fainted from fright. I took a big drink of water and wired the nearest stations. Bath reported that the trains had left all right. There was a stretch of track fifteen miles long between the stations, and I sat there knowing that somewhere on that fifteen miles those two trains would go to gether and I would be the cause of the deaths of perhaps a score of persons "That was the most awful five minutes I ever expect to pass through. I tried to think and I couldn't. My first impulse was to run away, and I grabbed up my hat and coat and was about to go. Then I decided that I would stay and face the consequences. I sat down by my desk and stared at the clock. Every time the tele- graph instrument clicked I thought it was bringing tidings of a fearful wreck. I pictured to myself the scenes when the two trains crashed together, as I knew they must, for there was no way to reach them, and every minute seemed like an eternity. I was pale as a ghost and had not the strength to handle the key. Great drops of sweat rolled off my forehead. I lived a century at that desk during that half hour. " Two or three times the impulse to run away came over me, but I fought it back Then I began to think of killing myself. I did not think I could live and know that I had made a blunder with such disastrous consequences. I looked around for a pistol, but there was none there. I even picked up my paper cutter and put it to my throat. My nerve was gone, however, and I did not have the courage to cut my throat. I prayed that someone would come in and kill me, but nobody came. I couldn't sit in my chair, and crouched down in a heap on the floor and held my hands over my ears so that I might not hear the terrible tidings that, sooner or later, I knew would come over that wire. " As I was huddled there I heard the operator at the station from which I sent the eastbound train calling me. 'Gn' was his call, and he repeated it a dazen times. 'Here it comes,' I thought, and. by a supreme effort, I got over to the desk and tried to answer the man who was call- ing. It took me five minutes to get sufficient control of my nerves to answer the call. Then I sank back in my chair and waited to bear the news of death and destruction. ' No. 12,' he wired, meaning the eastbound train,' is backing into the station. What's up ?' ' It seemed as if Pike's Peak had been lifted off my chest. I jumped up and shouted like a crazy man. It happened that the trains were running slow and had come across each other on a straight piece of track, had seen each other and had had time to stop before running into each other. I was given a 30 day lay-off for the blunder, but I didn't kick. It took me all of that time to get my nerves straightened out,". 