fierjus in Btdef. '. Brief then-what's the news."-KING JOHN. Dpn't forget that DR. F. WARE, Dentist, visito Biehmond and Windsor every month. Miss S wane's cooking classes came to ft close on Tuesday last. Mr. Charlie Hull, who is in business at Liverpool, drove over last Sunday to Windsor. Amongst the sufferers by the influenza is Mr. C. W. May, of Pitt Town, who has had a severe attack. An old man suffering from bronchitis, a resident of the Kurrajong, was admitted in to the hospital last Sunday. Mr. J. Manning, senr, of Sackville, has been subscribing, without interruption, to the " S. M. Herald" for over 40 years. Whilst travelling in Sydney last week in a 'bus, Miss Donovan was unfortunate enough to lose her purse, containg money. Aid T. Primrose has had a very severe attack of influenza, and has been confined to his room for several days. He is, how ever, now on the mend. On Sunday, the 9th prox, the Rey. B. Dinning preaches the re-opening sermon at the renovated Wesleyan Ghurch at Liver pool. On the following evening he delivers a lantern lecture in aid of the building fund. At the 18th annual meeting of the Ghurch of England Temperance Society, held in Sydney on Tuesday, it was stated that the incumbent of St. Matthew's, Windsor, had promised, with others, to form a branch at an early date. It is to be hoped that this summer the Council will remove that summer-house from its position in Thompson Square to the McQuade Park, to which it would be an ornament, as the Park is largely fre quented by the townspeople. The death of Mr. Fleming makes six deaths in the Hall family during the past few weeks. It was reported about town this week that Mrs. Wm. Hall was danger ously ill, but this is not correct, as she is now considerably improved in health. As there in a sum to the credit of the Park fund, the Council should do something to wards finishing the oricket ground ; they should at least put the wicket, on which they have already spent a lot of money, in a playable condition, as it is very rough just now. Since our footballers were put out early in the Badge rounds, they nave en tirely collapsed, and the game for some weeks past seems to have died a natural death here. As soon as our men lose a match or two they collapse completely, and life is not worth üving for them. It is very likely that within the next few weeks ft definite attempt will be made to improve the navigation of the Hawkesbury in Windsor Beach, It is high time that something was done. The St. Albans was unable to get away on Tuesday, owing to the tide not being high enough. In connection with the proposed Indus trial Exhibition in aid of the School of Arts, Mrs. Broome, to assist the object, has been collecting small subscriptions for a Monogram Quilt which she is making, and which is a beautiful piece of work. It will be offered for sale, and, with the subscrip tions already collected, is expected to realise about £7 or £8. The Borough Council have retrenched their labourers, and no work is being done just now. A number of corporation labourers are feeling the pinch of hard times keenly, as they cannot get any other work to do. The Mayor has asked some of those who are in arrears with their rates to work them out, but they say that while they are doing this they are starving. There are a couple of gangs of young ruffians in town jyho are a terror to the publicans and residents, and few people are aware of the extent to which they are terrorising a certain section of the com munity. Although they are conducting their pranks in a barefaced manner, assault people and damaging publican's property, the Police cannot get a case against them, as the victims dare not prosecute or give evidence. Since the Pitt Town Settlement was in augurated there have been several cases from it at the local hospital, and these have been a considerable drain on the re sources of the institution. At the present time there are five settlers in the hospital, three women and two men. Three, how ever, are now cured, and will be leaving the hospital in a few days.. A woman from the settlement was admitted last week, suûeting with tm ulcerated leç'. Doototis âd ^MskiHy,^ ttóMfche in fluenza epidemic is abating in the diBtriot. Bad for them-good for os. The Windsor Junior C.C's concert event* uates on Friday evening next, August 81st I at the 0. of E. Schoolroom. The tanning-trade is dull in town just now, and at some of the yards the em- ployees are only working half-time. The Rev. 6. G. Fielding's mother still continues in a critical state of health, and fears are expressed that she is declining. * Not a few fights have taken place in town lately, and one of limited duration eventuated the other night in the bar of a local hotel. Mr. J. B. Brown, O.P. Inspector, visited the Pitt Town Settlement this week to report upon the work accomplished there since his last visit. j Monday, October 1, (Eight-hour Day), has been gazetted a public holiday in the oounty of Cumberland, which includes the Hawkesbury District. There have not been so many cases 'in the Hospital for a long time past as during the three years the present Superintendent has been in charge. Mr. Donald Robertson killed a 9ft 4in oar pet snake the other day on his selection ;at Caddi, and is now having the skin dressed, to be made into a belt by Mr. W. F. Linsley. Rents are rapidly going down in Windsor. I One lot of shops which three or four years jago let for 22/6 each are now bring in only ! 12/6. And the landlord himself voluntarily made the reduction, too The Wilberforce cattle-killing case, which was creating some interest and was to have j I been brought on in. court, has been abandoned for want of sufficient evidence to 'convict the suspected parties. Thirty-three deaths of old residents have taken place during the past month. The combined ages of 80 of these reached 2108 years, or an average of a trifle over 70 years each. The ages ranged from 52 to 94, Mr J J Miller, President of the Coota mundra branch of the Farmers' and Settlers' Association, has promised to de liver an address in Windsor on co- operation, on the first occasion that he again comes city-wards. Yet another lapsed meeting of the ¡Windsor Borough Council. Some of the Aldermen are indisposed, consequently there was no quorum on Wednesday night. (lhe Mayor, and Aid. Gosper, and Ward were in attendance. A couple of youths were discussing the cricketers' concert the other nigot, whilst reading a placard announcing the event, and wondered what sort of a singer this "Mademoiselle Squalling" was who was ! coming up from Sydney to sing; It was jthe name of a farce they were referring to. < Mr. W. Primrose, whilst standing on a 'high stool in his shop last Monday, reach ing up to a shelf, fell heavily, the leg of the stool breaking. For a few minutes he ap peared to be badly hurt. Fortunately, however, beyond bruising his side, he was not seriously injured, although stunned for a time. At Bowral Police Court last week, ¡American Auctioneer Edwards, who was in (Windsor this week, was charged, with obtaining, partly by false pretence and partly by a wilfully false promise, £1 from James Denmead, with intent to defraud, i Mr 0 A Walker (late of Windsor) defended i the accused, and the case was dismissed. The Rev. B. Dinning on Sunday evening preached a special sermon having reference to the numerous deaths which have taken place throughout the district. In his re marks he said that there was scarcely a family in the district into which sickness had not entered of late, and in many cases death had laid its hands upon young and old. Mr. T. Abbott has finished illuminating the chancel of the Church of England, and has made a splendid job of it. He has put a great deal more work into it than that originally agreed upon, which he has g&tig; to the Church in the form of a ddnWoá. Tom is a great lover of ait.^. "Whra^ fjandjs will allow, the Trustees ingrid to continúe the work, when it is prpbable th* Com mandaient tablet will be' re-lettered.' ' j A telegram.from Burraga to (¿ie ¿i%. M. Herald" says :-. .'! : > , ' Mr Napoleon R Poidevin, who bas been in ohafge of the looal Public-school for the past seven years, left Burraga for Wilberforce last Thursday. Mr PoideVin was the recipient of an address from the members of the Burraga Cricket Club. He always took an active part in the olub's affairs. Mrs Poidevin waa also presented by the school children with a memento ot their esteem ac eewlng- mieUeil. Senr-Serg«áá1i'9b|Í^á^M-y"B%neá fco his room, having been a victim to the influenza. Messrs Mullinger Bros are erecting a brick dwelling for Mr Slaughter in Catherine-sit Nex+ Small Dobts Court will be held on September lltîi. Plaints must be filed before the 4th prox. The seats in the Park just now would Siva one the idea that the iowa was in a roken-down, dilapidated condition. An old man named Andrew Keogh, from Maroota, was admitted into the Hospital this week, suffering from a bad hand. The Hawkesbury Dairy Company will at next meeting of shareholders show a sub stantial profit on the half-year's operations. Mr. George Binfield is at present at Wyalong. Mr. C. Ashton, who went there with him, has returned to Windsor, the venture not being a success. Lower Portland Progress Committee is the first organization to move in the mat ter of the Co-operative Farmers' Asso ciation. Let us see who will be next. Mr. J. Haynes, M.L.A., will shortly de liver addresses on ' Co-operation1 in two or more centres in the district. The GAZETTE is arranging with Mr. Haynes to do this, as he is a recognised authority on this question. ' Severer local residents propose to go out prospecting in the vicinity of Maroota, where they , believe gold will be found in payable quantities. It is to be hoped that the seekers Maroota big nugget or two out before long. Reports have been rife that there is gold in Bowlin's Paddock, Berkshire Park, and an old resident of Windsor went out pros pecting thu» week and brought home some stone, but whether it contains gold or not is another question. Mr. 3. 0*Brien is erecting an ante-room adjoining his commodious Hall. A room of this description was greatly needed, and will be an acquisition to the hall, especially during socials, most of which held in the town take place there. In a certain town in the district a resi dent went to the Registrar to register a death* and cheerfully remarked to that official, " I don't think» by the look of you» that it'll be long before you'll want your own death registering. Miss Donovan journeyed to Sydney on Saturday last to visit Mrs £ Heaton, a very old friend who had lost her husband that morning. Mr Heáton was a member of the firm bf Wright, Heaton and Co., and was a man very highly respected in Sydney. Mr Fred Templeton, a baker afc Mr W Moses* establishment, had an attack of influenza, and on. Sunday last he was so weak that his friends became anxious, owing to the dangerous character of this complaint, and removed him to the Hospital. He is now improving. Owing to the lack of rain this winter, the large underground tonk at the Hawkesbury Benevolent Asylum became almost empty* It was fortunate that the institution was connected with the Windsor Water-supply during the past few months. The water even how is not laid on.to all parts of the building. . We have been shown by Mr W F Linsley several sinews of the Wallaby-tail, which were tested and proved to be stronger than catgut. As the latter has a high market value, the wallaby-tail sinews, which can be U6ed for so many purposes requiring Strength, ought to be in much demand. There are any amount of wallabies in the colony-so here is a new opening for the unemployed. Some of the cricket-clubs in the district must be fond of having vice- presidents. The other evening afc a club's meeting some one suggested that there should be twelve V'P's, to which members demurred, as being far tob many. " Oh that's not too many," remarked another member. " Such and-such a club (referring to another in the district) has forty-five vice-presidents." The number was eventually limited to two V.P's. Rev B Dinning has just had made to his order. by Mr W Wilson, tinsmith, a new ooncern for working hts time light lantern. It is a small gasometer for making and storing gas for lighting his lantern, and is a remarkably ingenious contrivance, worthy of the inspection of all lanternists. A good job has been made of it by Mr Wilson. In connection with his lantern circle, the Rev B Dinning has just received a beautiful stet of slides of Marley's Ghost and a col lection bf temperance slides photographed I^m4ife;i^tt8, ' ^ 1 "munmin ivmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm sor identity, visited town this week. A new sohoot-teachet, not {«r »way, bas made a great " hit" by rendering a violin solo and a song before the scholars. At the Windsor LançUoffioeon Thursday, 16th, Henry Saunders applied for o,p. of BS ac 80. perches, epeoial area Pitt Tow« Common. fe A. Cobcroffs Dot woà the Pott* Handicap of 85 sovs at Canterbury Park on Wednesday, carrying 7.2 and beating a field of five. We have received contributions from ..Paul Tywford" (" Up Mangrove") and "ChumpkihB," whioli will be used when space is available. Mrs. Wilson, mother of Mr. W. Wilson, of this town, secured a first prize for the best collection of home-made jams at the Forbes Agricultural Show last week. Some of the " done brown" purchasers of Brummagem jewellery from the Wool loomooloo Ameritan Cheap Jack ave wait* ing for the return of that worthy to town. ie holders in the Bawjtôébfcry Dairy and Butter Company is to be held on Wednes day afternoon next, at 8 o'clock, at the factory« The Windsor Jnnior CC» concert is billed for Friday evening next at the Ghnrehof England School-room, New-street. Among the vocalists are Miss Florence Tuckett, Mr. Fred Leaton and Mr. W. Morgan* Mjr\ School-teacher to scholars :?*-" What do you call this place ?" Scholars : "School room." Teacher: " I call it a fowl-house. Who will shoot those sparrows, and who will climb the ladder and clean that wall?" Whilst riding home from Parramatta late on Monday night» and when near McGrath's Hill, Mr.T. HeBsion ran into a wood-cart, travelling, without lights, ifi^he oppposite direction. Hiíí horeéirai capsized <tnd he himself received A severe shaking. A Windsor resident, referring to 4he statement that the champion í^-drinket oí Pitt Town had consumed 14 cups of iliat beverage at a single sitting.re«ays he ORV beat that record^ al atWoerfaih tea-meeting in'town he put 17 «ups of tea beneath bia waistcoat. Next! please* Travellers by rail may take a first-class ticket from Richmond to Windsor (1/8) t_ they took the ticket dirW from Äioknio^T to Sydney. Ajid#fc%$ iu|ël$Bt the Com missioners to klbow that scores of tb^em dp do it. . An tdd resident of thti vhsmity^rf fltr Although he lives within three miles of Penrith, he will not go there, because ha don't like the peoplô, he Bays. Conse** quently be drives 10 mües to Windsor lo spend his money» .Mr. Keys, the owner of Buenalf, a stn!' lion, which was np here last year ineharge < of Mr. W. McQuade, intends running hjiitt for the Melbourne Cup. He is showing grand form just now, having recently se cured a win, and his owner thinks if big present form continues ho stands a gool« show for the Cup. _., The F«u^rower" 4iewspaper»says; We have to acknowledge ¿he rtfceipt of a copy of the half-yearly balance- sheetof the Hawkesbury Steam Navigation Company. It is gratifying to note in these very depressed times tile directors have succeeded in shewing a net profit lor th* half-year of £206/6/4 and reduced tile Cverdrattto1 £946/1/4. k word of praise is due tb the tnanafttoyr Mr B Smith. The company have cuoaeeded-jfo paying dividends and reducing their debt under bis' management._ The local contingent of racey men who: daily frequent the Clarendon gallop gene rally manage to knock np Borne sport. Most of the habitues of this convincing ground possess a moke of some description, and taken collectively these equines may be described as "all sorts and conditions of horses. A cursory glance at some of these J " noddies" would give the impression that they are of the hybrid bred-in met they 'are all "high-bred" horses-* kind of ip cross between a giraffe and a barbed-Wire fence, and in many cases their bones *r*' making frantic efforts to pierce their hftiry hides. Private matches are of frequent ©o*> currence among the owners who attend " the gallop," but the champion match of* the season was that whioli came off the other day between Tom Savage's brown gelding and Palm Barker's steed, tor half-a sovereign aside. It was agreed to start bv mutual consent. Both horses were ridden by their owners. Barker got away with the start, but was soon caught ; but the brown could not stay j Barkeragain forged ahead, ana despite Tom's ¿rañ% 