!A COUNTRY SWEET HEART. By DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow,"- "Tha Broken Seal," "The Track of the Storm," "The Vicar's Governess," "The Lasb Signal," " His Will and Hers," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved.] Chapter XXXV.—Kathleen Weir's Ghost. And during1 this time also Mias .Kathleen Weir had felt very muoli disappointed that she had neither seen nor heard anything of Mr. Ralph Webster. That is she only received two brief notes from him, both declining her invitations bo "a merry aupper after the play to meet Linda Falconer—a9 you admired her so muoh—and her swain, Dereham." But Webster, with the ever-present memory of that despairing face on the bridge and the constant anxiety for the unhappy girl lying in St. Phillip's Hospital nieh unto death, had felt it was impossible for him to encounter the gay and lively sallies of the actress. Nofi thab he had lost interest in the woman who stood between poor May and happiness, bub his mind was too muoh out of tune to go into suoh vivacious company, and he therefore had refused Miss Weir's invitations. But nearly three weeks after he had taken May Churohiil to St. Phillip's a change came over her condition. Her" physical health decidedly improved, and one marnine when Dr. Brentwood was paying his usual visiS to her she spoke to him of her future life. " I am going to live now, doctor, am I not?" she said in a low pained tone. " Certainly you ore going to live," replied the doctor, ''I hope for many years; until you are quite old," and he smiled. " That will be a long time," said Mary, with a Weary sigh; "I am nob muoh past twenty now-—a long, long time." "It seems long to look forward to, but time passes quickly enough, especially when it is fully employed." "It is about this thab I meant to speak to you of, doctor," conbinued May and a fainb color stole to her pale cheeks. "If I am going to live I musb do something to gain my own living; I must find some employment" "Everyone is better employed," answered' the doctor cheerfully ; " it's good for mind and body alike. Now what do you think you would like to do?" "Since I have felb a little batter I have thought of this constantly. I—I should like to see Mr. Webster about it, as he might be able to help me." "I am sure he will do anything to help you ; he is your sincere friend and has been most anxious about you during your illness and has called each morning to enquire for •you. Therefore you may depend on his assistance, I am certain, and I may add, on mine." < "You are very good." "And now I am going to askyou a question which is not a medical one," interrupted the doctor, "and therefore you need not answer it unless you like. Bub have you no friends, no relations, to whom you can now apply ?" "None!" answered May with sudden emotion; " I wish to be as one dead to every one I know; they must think me dead, and I would have been but for——" "Forgive me for having pained you and I will promisenever again to allude to the subjeot. So you would like to see Ralph Webster? Well, -you shall see him to-morrow, and I am truly glad to find you so muoh better." And then he smiled kindly and went away. He felt interested in this forlorn and broken hearted young woman, who he was sure his friend Webster had saved from Borne tragio fate; and not the less interested on account of May's fair face. He therefore wrote to Web ster during the day and told him of the im provement in May's health and also of her wish to find some employment. "Don't throw cold water on this, my dear fellow," he added, "it will be the very best thing possible for her and will give her an interest in life whioh she has well-nigh lost. Can you oall to-morrow afternoon ?" And so forth. Dr. Brentwood's letter was a great) reuet to Webster's mind, and he received another by the same post from Miss_ Kathleen Weir. This was a highly characteristic epistle. "Dear Mr. Webster—For the third and lasti time, unless you come, will_ you take supper with me this evening; or if suits you better will you call in the afternoon ? "Wire which.— "11? ours ever sincerely, Kathleen "VVeir. Webster read this note with a smile, thought it over, and then deoided to call during the afternoon, and he accordingly telegraphed to Mibs Katnleen Weir to than effect. And as he drove to the aotress's fiat he was wondering it she had any news to tell him, and he found that she had some. She received him in her usual airy fashion and BheiWst3 charmingly dressed^ in a mosb be coming tea-gown. "Well, you have come at lastl" she said, holding out her hand as Webster entered hei drawing-room. _ "Yes," he answered, taking it, ana X should have oome before, but I have been a good deal worried of late." " About money or love ?" " About neither as it happens." "I thought there were only two things? worried men, and the want of money was th'i worst. Well, we must all have it; but I bava been more than worried, I have been upset; X have seen a ghost!" "A ghost "Yes, the ghost of a dead love. There, can you guess what I mean? Well, I suppose not, so I must tellv you. Bat I have really been shocked; I have seen John Temple m the flesh, though looking so awfully ill that he was much more like a dead man than a living °D" Where did you see him?" asked WebBter quiokly. \ , _ , "I will tell you; yesterday morning 1 drove down to see Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, as I wanted to be quite certain whether John Temple is the man who has come in the for tune, as Dereham wa3 so positive that he was. Well, you know Harrison's offices are at West minster and X saw the old boy sure enough, but he was as sly as a fox. He did not deny that John Temple was the man ' that ulti mately, mind ultimately, my dear madam, he kept repeating, would succeed _ to his uncle's estate or estates. ' But his posi tion at present is unchanged,' he added and he threw ice on my suggestion that I should have an increased allow ance. 'When Mr. John Temple suc ceeds to tbe property the questions can then be mooted' and so on. In fact I gofi no satisfac tion for my trouble and whenJI came out of the office in a very bad humor I told the cab man to drive over Westminster-bridge and back again, as I thought the river air might improve my temper." " And you went ?" asked Webster eagerly. " I went; I was in a hansom, and when wa got to the other end of the bridge I told the man to turn back. He did so and there was a blook as we recrossed, and I wss bending oub of the cab to see what was going to happen when my eyes fell on the figure of a man lean ing on the parapet of the bridge and staring into the river below. As 1 was looking at him he lifted his head and looked round and I saw a ghost! The ghost of John Temple! But, ob, so horribly changed. He looked haggard, worn, and old, and a sort of pity—such fools are women—crept into my heart as I looked aft him. I felt sorry for him; I thought he must be in some terrible trouble and so I felt X should like to speak to,him. I pulled out my handkerchief and waved it to attract his atten eion, and some one told him of this, for he looked quickly up at the cab and our eyes met! I wish you had seen the look of horror that came over his face, of shuddering horror as he recognised me. It> was hatred! He glared at me. just for a moment and then turned and fled aB if the devil himself were after him. There, what do you think of that ? The end of a dead love!" x " I think it is very dramatic," said Balph Webster slowly. He forced himself to epeak the common-place words, but he was not think ing oommon-place thoughts. "Now there was something in this man'a face," went on the actress, " that told me a story. John Temple is grieving about some thing that has out his heart- strings. It can'b be money in his case, because for one thing he never cared very muoh about it, and for another he will ultimately, a3 Mr. Harrison described it, suooeed to his uncle's property, and with. 6uch prospects he could borrow as muoh as he , liked, I suppose. No, itis about some woman! He was looking down into the dusky river when I first saw him; can he have driven soma poor soul to Beek for refuge in its gloomy depths ?" / Kal ph Webster inwardly shuddered, but Kath leen Weir little thought how nearly she had touched the truth. " He is miserable about some woman," aha repeated, " and that is why I have sent for yout to-day. I am in the way, I suppose, and I don't want to be in the way any longer. I want to be free and of course he does. Now, how can X find out about his life, for if X could find out X expect I could go trium phantly through the ordeal of the Divorce Court 1" Webster wa3 silent for a few moments; ha was thinking the knowledge of John Temple's second marriage would not free" him from his first. It would bring disgraoe to him, but nob liberty to her. " You would have to show a case against) him besides this supposed woman," he Baid slowly. " Did he ever treat you cruelly V "You mean did he even punch my head or pull my hair?" answered Kathleen, with a hard little laugh. "No, I cannot truthfully say he ever did; but X might say it untruth fully and he would be too glad to get rid of ma < to contradict me." "But it would be very dangerous; yoa would have to prove it." "At all events he forsook me ?" "I thought yoa parted by mutual consent 1* "How horrid you are, Mr. Webster 1 At all events I mean to get quit of him. I am weary of a tie which is no tie; of a bond whioh galls me, and I would do anything, even some thing desperate, to break it." She started to her feet and began walking np and down the room as she spoke, Bwaying her tall, fine figure with a restless movement as she did so. < She was looking very hand Bome; her excitement had flushed her face and brightened her bright eyes, and involuntarily Webster admired her. '/"There!" she said presently, "now I have told you my news, so please rouee your sharp legaL brains tojhelp me. I don't mind about the three hundred a year now or the ultimate re version of some bigcer sum. I want to be free! I don'o want John Temple to out his own throat or mine—and upon my word he looked yas if he could do it—but I wans to scrape out of my> marriage some other way." /"Well, let me have time to think it over." * " Thanks, and now let us drop a disagree able subject and tell me what you have been * doing with yourself all this long time. ' You look thinner ; and you say you have been worried ?" "Yes; we all have worries and tronbles you know. Miss Weir." "That is true; but still I think life might be bright, might be sweet and worth living for." "I am sure yours is." "Oh! don'o pay me those common-place compliments; I don't want to hear them from you." " You despise my best efforts to be agree able." "What a disagreeable humor you are in. I declare I think I shall send you away." i "Well, must I go2" said Webster, rising] with a smile. ' "Not yet, unless vou will promise^ to come again very aoon. Come to supper' to meet Linda Falconer and Dereham the day after to morrow." _ " I will see if I can, if you will allow the in vitation to remain open. By- the-bye, how is. that affair progressing ?" "Oh, swimmingly, I believe, but Linda is fearfully bored with him. 'My dear,' she said to me the other day, 'he is too silly.'" "Poor boy!" Poor boy, indeed. However, that is settled and you will come the day after to- morrow to supper? In the meantime you know don't forget my ghost and his probable misdoings." , "Very well," said Webster with a laugh. Then he took leave of the actress and Kathleen Weir was alone. As she had done once before after he had left her, she_ immediately went up to one of the mirrors iir the room and gazed at her own reflection in the glass. "Am I so weak?" she thought. "Do I actually like this man, perhaps better than he likes me? But if I were free I think he would like me—I must be free." (To be continued.) 