NOTES AND NOTICES. Mre. John Burnett, of Beeao, on Monday gave birth to triplet sons. All are doing well under the care of Dr. Manly, of Beeac. It is expected that the estate of the late Mr. John Dunn, of Monnt Barker, will be Bworn at about £100,000. .He left £14,000 to churches and charities. The Congregational Union on Monday re jected by 32 to 14 a motion in favour of reli gious teaching in state schools. The Rev. J. O'Donnell quoted statistics to Bhow that morality bad been declining since the secular syBtem had been in force. Mr. W. M. K. Vale said that tbe nse Mr. O'Donnell had made of the statistics showed stapidity, an expression which, on its being objected to, he softened into crass ignorance, alter which Mr. O'Donnell left. The Minister of Railways and the Minister of Mines (who represents the district) visited Lakes Entrance and Orbost last week to inquire into the claims of the farmers on the Snowy River to railway communication with the Gippsland Lakes. There are selections on all the river flats, and the district pro daces grain, potatoes, maize, &c.;, but the bad roads and cost of carriage prevent these commodities reaching market. There is no doubt about the fertility of the Snowy River settlements, but last Bummer they were over whelmed by floods, and in several places the river shifted its bed, forming islands of the high banks which had previously divided the cultivated hollows from tbe main stream. The Snowy, like other rivers subject to flood, has formed embankments for itself which rise above the neighbouring flats, and when, as in December last, the current cuts through the embankments the hollows get filled up with water and alluvium. Between Cunning hame and Orbost the king-bolt of the j waggonette broke, and Ministers thus had the difficulties of travelling in East Gippsland brought home to them. Mr. Thomas Laughton, of Kalimna, was acting as chaperone, and may have been ; emulating one of tbe driving achievements of Tonv Weller, who, as Sam tells the story, met with an accident just where it was foretold there would be a breakdown. Both Ministers ! made speeches. Mr. Foster (Mines) said he j wished he was Minister of Railways, but the : position had been denied to him because 1 there were no railways in his district, and the ' Premier was afraid he would spend all the ! railway money there. Mr. Williams told the ! Orbost people that the lands along the Snowy i River looked like a scene from Paradise. He Baid that it rested with the Railways Com mittee to recommend new lines; his part would be to have tbe route of a narrow-gauge railway surreyed for consideration by the committee. A peculiar share transaction was brought under the notice of Mr. Justice Williams in chambers on Tuesday, when John F. Gunter applied to have his name placed on the register of the Irrigable Estates Company as the holder of 300 shares, in the place of Mr. G. F. Bartrop, P.M. It appeared that Frank Moore had sued Mr. Bartrop in ahe County Court for£5, and judgment tor that amount was entered by consent. A writ of JL fa. was then issued, and upon the appearance of the j bailiff Mr. Bartrop banded over these 300 shares, upon which there was a liability of over £900. A Bale was held, and Gunter, himself a bailiff, became the purchaser of the shares for £1. The directors refused to regis ter the transfer, but it was now urged by Mr. Anderson, who appeared for the applicant, that under section 99 of the County Court Act the purchaser of shares at a bailiff's sale became ipso facto a shareholder, and that the directors were powerless to interfere. Gunter attended for cross-examination, and in reply to Mr. Mitchell, who appeared for the company, be said be bad been advised to buy the shares by Mr. C. M. Watson, solicitor, who furnished him with tbe £1. He asked nothing about j the liability on the shares, and had no means 1 of paying calls. Mr. Mitchell pointed out that if such a transaction could stand a very wide door would be opened for shareholders of all kinds to get rid of their liabilities. Mr. Justice Williams said it looked to him at first sight " a very fishy transaction," and he would certainly do nothing to assist in it He would refuse the application, and leave the applicant to firing an action against the company, when the facts could be fully in vestigated. How photographs of so-called spirits are manufacturedisexplained by S. A. Register:— " There are two tricks by which these apparently wonderful ghost pictures can be produced so as to present a realistic effect One is to give to the photographic negative half an exposure in front of some person masquerading in a white sheet, and after wards to complete the exposure in front of Bom" ordinary sitter. The effect is somewhat startling, for the form of the second sitter can be distinctly seen through the figureof the first. The second trick is to insert in the camera a piece of glass on which has been marked beforehand the outline of the ghostly figure, not in visible paint, but in bi-sulpbate of quinine or some other fluorescent invisible solution. The effect of this is that, while the shape painted on the glass is entirely nnobferyed by the peraon taking the photo graph/ it affects the sensitive plate and produces all the appearance of some shadowy being in front of the figures of those who may happen to be before the camera at the time." As regards "tbe curious-looking baboon face of Geordie, looking out of a draped white sheet over the shoulder of a young woman, wbicb appears as an illustration in Dr. M'Carthy's article, even a slight knowledge of photography would enable any one to de tect that it is a fraud. The outline of the sheet against the figure of the woman has plainly been produced by something of the nature of what is known as stopping-out varnish, and while a shadow appears on one part of it there is none at all on another por tion where one ought to be." The'series of shearing strike trials held at Broken Hill has been concluded* There seems to have been some difficulty in getting juries. A large number of persons begged to be excused from serving.> The right of chal lenge was very freely exercised. Some of the cases have been held over for trial in Sydney. Mr. JusticeStephen, in passing thelast batch of sentences, delivered some general remarks. He said"I tried a case which was known as the Tolarno riot. I find that a large band of men, I don't care who they were, against the wish of the owner of the station, and in spite of the remonstrance of the police, swarmed over tbe fenoe dividing the station from tbe highway, and put the station in a state of ab solute siege, threats being used, and so forth. Can anyone say that they did not know they were breaking the law f Mow we come to the Grasmere case, which is one in which severe punishment will be meted out There m -a deliberate crime done. The men travelled 50 miles to perpetrate it, not in the day-time, bat at night, when the free labourers bad gone to bed to rest from their labours. Is that the sort of thing that any of you in your better moments would justify ? It led in this case to bloodshed, two of them being Bhot it is all very well to 6ay that if the police had not been there nothing would have been done. The natural conclusion is that if the police had not been there others would have been ill-treated in a manner similar to the two free labourers. The business of the country—at least this particular class of business—could not be carried on without the protection of the police. Is that state of things to be tolerated? In the Rodney case the men were acquitted. I have nothing to say about the acquittal. I am not referring to the prisoners but to the crime. I can scarcely believe that such a thing could be carried on in a country governed by British." On October 19 Mr. R. Barr Smith, on behalf of tbe legal profession, manu facturers, merchants, pastoraliats. agri culturists, and land-owners in South Aus tralia, presented Mr. G. W. Goyder, long 6nrveyor-general in that colony, with a purse of 1.000 guineas as an indication of the re spect and esteem of the numerous sub scribers. In reply to a deputation on Wednesday the Premier definitely stated the intentions of the Ministry with regard to the municipal endow ment Representatives from the Colac Shire asked that the proposed reduction should be made as light as possible in their case, as they had much forest country and a small re turn from rates, but that in any case there should be no reduction in the half-year's moiety now overdue, as the money was already spent, and an overdraft obtained at the bank on the strength of it Mr. Turner said he could not comply with the requests made. It was the intention of the Govern ment to reduce the subsidy from £310,000 to £200,000, and the reduction must apply to the September quarter. If a con cession was made in one case it must be ex tended to all, and that would amount to | £55,000. He had not tbe money to pay that amount with. It was proposed to wipe off the subsidy from cities, towns, and boroughs, to reduce the richer shires from 40 to 50 per cent., and the poorer ones about 10 per cent. A discussion of an important and interest- ■ ing character took place at the halt-yearly meeting of shareholders in the City of Mel bourne Bank on Tuesday. . Mr. L. L. Lewis complained with much warmth that share holders who paid their calls in advance had been allowed 5 per cent, discount. This, he said, was a farcical arrangement in view of the fact that the bank found the payment of per cent, to depositors so heavy a burden. Mr. Lewis thought it was "all rot" not to criticise a balance-sheet, and proceeding fur ther, denounced the directors for stating the value of the bank property at £1,000 more tban in 1891. These charges were condemned by other shareholders as trivial, and the chairman explained that a new branch had been opened at Stciglitz. which accounted for the small writing-up of properties, whilst the discount was allowed to induce shareholders to pay their calls. Mr. W. Cain raised the question of how the bank was to continue to pay the £150,000 due annually to depositors. He thought that better terms than 4.j per cent, would have to be obtained if the bank was to continue to carry on, and suggested that the depositors should allow 1 per cent, to go towards a sinking fund for the extinction of the debt Mr. W. Shiels, M.L.A.. strongly advocated some steps towards amalgamation of the banks, for, he said, there were too manyof themcompetingforarapidly-declining business. A dastardly act was perpetrated on Sunday night or early on Monday morning last on the property of Mr. H. Clark, of Meeniy&n.; Mr. f Clark, who intends to go into dairying on an I extensive scale, purchased a separator at the clearing sale lately held at Hewett's, Nerrena, and having got his purchase borne, put it up I in the dairy, which is situated at some dis tance from the house. On Sunday evening, when the milking and separating were finished, Mr. Clark left everything secure, and returned to the house. The next morn ing, when he entered the dairy, he found that | the separator had been wantonly destroyed, j A deliberate attempt had also been made to | set fire to the building. The question of regrading has now assumed a practical aspect at the Railway department, 60 men having been despatched to Clyde on Monday to cut down some banks which occur between there and Korumburra bo as to re duce the gradient of the line from 1 in 50 to 1 in 75. There iB a rise on tbe line between Oakleigb and Dandenong which has also to be dealt with. Some amusingly erroneous information re specting Anstralia appears under the head of " News in a Nutshell " in the Echo (a Lon don half-penny journal) of Friday, Septem ber 7, 1894:—In Australia horseshoes are made of cowhide instead of iron. In Aus tralia great inconvenience is experienced in telegraph construction by the fondness of the natives for wire for bracelets, ear and nose rings, and their weakness for the porcelain insulatora, which tbey fashion into arrow heads. The conference between the Employers' Union, the Trades-hall Council, and the Chamber of Commerce held on Monday on the question of arbitration resulted in nothing, the Employers' Union declining to assent to the principle of " compulsory " con ciliation.' Mr. Barrett, secretary ot the Trades-hall Council, prophesied seven years' strike war such as had never before been seen in this country. At Broken Hill, on Monday, Mr. Justice! Stephen, before he could proceed with the trial of an action against the Proprietary Company, announced that he must sell his shares. The plaintiff's attorney took them at the market rate. There have been several encounters with burglars in Sydney lately. A publican, who woke up in the middle of the night to find two men in his bedroom, tackled one of them, and would have secured his man had not tbe other come to the rescue. Both escaped. At Summer Hill, on October 20, Mr. i A. G. Powell discovered two burglars making1 off from hiB jeweller's shop. He grappled with one, who wore a mask, and got such: good bold that the burglar could not use the revolver he was carrying. The other man. got possession of the firearm and fired,i wounding Mr. Powell in the arm. The burglars then got away, leaving behind them the "swag" they had made up. A dog kept inside the house was found poisoned. The trial of George Morrison, coachsmitb, of South Melbourne, for killing his wife during a domestic altercation, ended on Octo ber 20 in the j ury not agreeing. They wanted to find manslaughter, but Mr. JuBtice Holroyd said the deed was either mnrder or; nothing. The prisoner will be tried afresh1 at the November sittings, and the Crown in the meantime is to have the question of his sanity thoroughly inquired into. A two-story building in Flinders-lane, known as Mincing-lane chambers, was destroyed by fire on October 19. It was divided into suites of offices, and formed part of the A'Beckett estate. The premises were insured. Mr. William Gordon, J.P., of Benaila, was drowned in one of the affluents of the Broken River on October 19 while trying to cross the flood. The vehicle capsized, and Mr. Gordon, who could not swim, was carried down stream until he sank. His companion, Mr. David Manghan, escaped by swimming to a tree, | whence he was rescued. Mr. James Anthony Fronde, whose death is announced by cable, was the son or a country rector in Devonshire. In 1846 he took deacon's orders in the Church of England, but bis intellect was too robust and his character too inde pendent to admit of his long remaining in it, and the first note of freedom was struck in a book entitled The Shadows of (he Clouds, published under a nohi de plume in 1847. Two years afterwards appeared his Nemesis of Faith, with his own name on the title-page. Its main object was to show, in his own words, that " the Bible, as the collective Hebrew literature, beautiful and magnificent as it is, shows no generic difference from other literature. In form and substance, in strength and weakness, it is alike human, and has followed in its growth the common laws of human develop ment." He complained that true religion was dead; that an " utter divorce between practice and profession had made the entire life oi modern England a fiight fnl liethat Anglican Protestantism was indifferent to everything but the worship of wealth; and that religionists were setting np the Bible tor a mere dead idol, instead of a living witness for Christ, The book caused a great sensation, especially as it appeared almost contemporaneously with The Soul, of a former Fellow of Balliol Oxford, and with the Po/yular Christianity, of the Rev. F. J. Foxton, also an Oxford man. The university authorities officially con-i demned The Nemesis of Faith, deprived him of his fellowship : and we are also told that " he forfeited a post- to which he had been appointed in Tasmania." Of course, he quitted the church, as did Arthur Hugh Clough, the poet, about the same time. Thenceforth, Mr. Froude devoted him self to literature exclusively. Miss Sutherland's case comes before the Genera! Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in November. In the meantime "a deliver ance " has been prepared by the committee appointed by the May commission to inquire into the mission agency to destitute children. The onus of arriving at a finding respecting Miss Sutherland and the Rev. A. Stewart (who had differences with the committee) is left on the assembly. The Rev. John Thomp son, of Flemington, hon. secretary to the committee for neglected and destitate chil dren (a different body from the one preparing the deliverance), has published a pamphlet (Stillwell and Co.) in defence of Miss Suther land and Mr. Stewart. There are 56 pages of close reading, which goes to show that the questions at issue are by no means simple. Mr. Thompson's statements are endorsed by members of tbe society and committee ap pointed by the assembly to look after desti tute children. The May committee was ap pointed to report on the assembly com mittee. An important rating question was decided by Jndge Hamilton on Tuesday—Are build ings erected on portions of the Yarra-bank wharves, leased from the. Harbour Trust, liable for city rates ? The judge said that he would have liked assistance from the Supreme Court, but nnfortunately the Legis lature had taken away the 'right of appeal. He decided that the buildings were ratable. A fine of £150 was the punishment which Sir Hartley Williams on Thursday awarded to John William Packer, publisher of the Age newspaper, for his contempt of court in publishing the speeches made at a presenta tion to Mr. David Syme immediately before the second trial of toe libel action of Speight v. Syme was begnn in April last His Honour accepted Mr. Packer's sworn state ment that the report was not published with any idea of prejudicing the plaintiff's case, hut be was clearly of opinion that the effect of the publication might be to influence the minds of toe public and of the jury in favour of the defendant. If that sort of thing were allowed, Mr. Speight might just as well have published a pamphlet setting forth his view of his own merits and of the defendant's demerits, and have dis seminated it broadcast, and the case would have been tried before it ever came into a court of justice. From his own knowledge of the trial his Honour was confident that the jury paid no attention to anything lint the evidence before them ; and though Mr. Packer had undoubtedly been guilty of contempt, his offence was nothing like as shocking as what was sometimes done by the press in " working np" and commenting upon cases in which persons were under suspicion of the most seriouB offences, before anything had been proved against them. The disapproba tion of toe Court in the present case, how ever, must be marked by a substantial punishment, mid he ordered Mr. Packer to pay £150 and the costs of the application, and to remain in custody till the fine was paid. The fine was paid during the forenoon. At theBenalla sittings of the Supreme Cot Driver George Cherry was presented on t charge of manslaughter of the fireman, Rolx Campbell, who met his death on the 29 August last through a railway collision Badaginnie. Afieraretirementol anhourai a half the jury returned into court with verdict of not guilty, and Cherry wasd charged. Robert Clarkbarry, milk vendor, hi a verdict for .£1.251 from the Soutl bourne City Council. He suffered i on the 12th April last through being1 ont of his cart, which was run over a 1 stones and clay on tbe roadway. It aj thai a plumber had had the street op mend the service-pipe, and not flaltei filling- in materiel down after closii excavation. A scene occurred in the Legislative Assem bly. Sydney, on October 26. It arose out of the insinuation ■ of Mr. Brunker, the Colonial Secretary, that Sir George Dihhs had circu lated . 50 copies of Hansard during the Tamworth election at the public expense, A good many such paltry questions have been raised since the Reid Ministry took office. Sir George Dibbs had a wordy quarrel with Mr. Banker in the lobby, telling him he ought to have been-hanged long ago. A great deal of heat was evolved without much having been said or anything being done. 11 Who is the White Knight 1 Mr. Maurice C. Fits Gibbon, of Howr&b.; Calcutta, has written the title of "White Knight" as the property of his brother, Philip John, as successor to his father, Maurice Fitz Gibbon, who died at Crohana, Kilkenny, on the 25th of February (or January), 1881. The claim is based on statements made in an obituary notice which the family themselves supplied to the papers. The Australian claimant is Mr. £. G. Fits Gibbon, chairman of the Metro politan Board of Works. The White Knight sbip is an ancient honour attached to the family of the Earl of Desmond, and seems to have been'of their own creation. How they managed to make it heriditary we do not know. The chloride-of-lime injection for snake bite proved successful in the case of Richard Calder, groom, at Dandenong, on October 26. He was bitten on the hand, and Dr. Hodg son and Dr. Moore injected five drachms into the veins of both arms near the wrist. Of course, in these cases it iB very hard to say what degree of danger there was in the bite. The only bad symptom exhibited by Calder, who was driven three miles to the doctors, was drowsiness. Sir James Paterson is now an advocate for lowered railway rates, which his Minister, Mr. Richardson, opposed. Sneaking at Maldon on October 25, he B&id;:— " Another important question was that of the railways. What were they to do with them ? That very' day he saw in the streets of Maldon carriers' vans which had come all the way from Melbourne, thus competing on the roads of the shires against the railways of the state. The argu ment that the railways should be leased was being exemplified more and more every day, and the freight charges and fares reduced in accordance with the altered circumstances of the people. The contention that at the exist ing low prices and limited production cheaper rates meant greater loss was untenable, because the incentive to production was taken away by persisting in the imposition of a heavy railway tariff, whereas the sweeping away of restrictions, the lessen ing of the cost of transit, must neces sarily increase the producing and add to the earning power of the rail ways. High rates meant an exclusive business, low rates a general comprehensive and profitable business." The Presbyterians of Terang have been presented with a handsome stone church— Scots Church, Melbourne, in miniature, it is called—through the generosity of Mrs. Thompson, of Keilambete, who has carried out the scheme which her husband had in view at the time of his death by accident in 1890\. Mr. John Thompson, who bequeathed large sums to the Presbyterian denomination and to public charities to take effect when the time should arrive for cutting up his station property on Lake Keilambete, had not completed the arrangements he had in view for Terang Church when his death occurred through his buggy horses bolt ing and throwing him against a tree. He was an old Western district landowner, of very liberal instincts. The church has been erected by Mrs. Thompson in honour of her husband's memory, and in fulfilment of his intentions. It has a nave 78ft long, and a spire 137ft high. It has been built of Barrabool and Waurn Ponds stone. As originally planned the church was to have cost £7,000, but Mrs. Thompson has spent £9,000. Messrs. Reed, Smart, and Tappin, of Melbourne, drew the plans, and Messrs. Angel Bros, are the contractors. The open ing services were held on Sunday, October 21, the Rev. S. Fraser, the pastor, officiating, the Rev. Alexander Marshall, of Scots Church, Melbourne, preaching, and Mr. Niel Black, of Mount Noorat, playing the organ, a fine instrument This is the second church built in the district by private generosity, Noorat Church having been erected by the late Mr. Niel Black, proprietor of Mount Noorat Estate, and, like Mr. Thompson, one of the pioneers of squatting in the Western district. Terang Church is already provided with a handsome manse, occupied l>y one oi the " weightiest" clergymen on the Presby terian roll. 