CATHOLIC NOTES- BavuiL of our London contemporaries (says the Tablet), in the early part oi February, circulated the report that the Pope " was about to ieeae a pastoral," ordering that only theGregOrian Ghaut and musio of the PaleBtrina type was to be usecl at church Services, andthat thiB order was fb be the result ol a consultation of the authorities, tay and eoclteiaBtioal, on the feubjeet. Be taring to them rumours, we stated Sn these columns at the time that in' authoritative preferenoa for musift other than florid might shortly be expeoted from Borne.- We , bow learn by special telegram that the Saered Congregation of Bites has deoreed the maintenance of figured musio inthe services of the Ohnrah, while it eulogises the severer forms whioh are best represented by the Geoilfan and the modern German sohool of ecclesiastical musio. Tbb Illustrated London Neat says that the Irish probate, sealed at Dublin, of the will (dated 13th June, 1684), with nine oodious, of Mr. Matthew Honan, of the City of dork, merchant, who died on 17th April, was reseated in London on 20th Jane, the value of the personal estate in Bugland and Ireland amounting to upwards of £158,000. The teBtator authorises his trustees to expend a sum not exoeeding £35,000 in acquiring the Land and building a hospital or home, to be oalled Honan's Hospital, for aged men of good character in the oity of Cork; and he leaves £80,000 and his stores and premises,- hom Fatriok-quay to King-street, as an/endowment for the Baid hospital. He bequeaths £10,000 for enlarging, improving, or decorating St. Patriok'e Oatholio Ohuroh, Cork; £8000 to the Oapaohin Brothers for enlarging, improving, embellishing, or deoorating their Ohuroh of the Holy Trinity, Cork; and £1000 eaoh to the Magdalen. Asylum, the Christian Brothers, the Ganoer Hospital, and. the North Infirmary, all of Cork. The New York Gathblic Review says:—'" Is not often that twin brothers are ordained priests on the same day in the same place. In the Cathedral of Detroit, on 1st July, Revs, Peter and Miohael Esper received Holy Orders from Bight Bev. Bishop Foley. This is the seoond case of the kind in the history of the Ohuroh in the United States— the other instanoe being offered by the Quinn brothers, of Peoria, Illinois, who were ordained in the Cathedral of Baltimore some yearBBgo." Ii is said (says the Universe) that the generous liberation by the German Emperor of the two' French officers condemned to years of 1 imprisonment for espionage iB due to the intercession of a German JeBuit, residing in exile at Paris, Father Nix. A letter conveying their thanks to the good priest for his magnanimous suggestion was written by the offioers immediately on their retutn home. At Bergamo, near Milan (says the Universe), a' new society of husbandmen has been founded under the name of the Catholic Agricultural Union, and has leaped into general favour. Those who are ignorant of tiie sea! of onr clergy abroad, and the industry of oertain religious Orders—the Trappists, for example—who turn a bleak tnooror mountain-side into a smiling:traot of fertility, often speak of the lack of thrift, industry, and perseverance among Oatholios. They site the condition of our co-religionists in Ulster, and in Crefeld in Prussia, where there are poor, ill-educated Oatholios side by Bide with prosperous Protestants; bat they forget to add that the comparison whioh is materially against them is due not to religion but' to difference of treatment regulated by political causes. Where Catholios< iget fair play they suocaed as well as the professors of any other creed. Th* Omrvatore Romano comments pa the afieotBd astonishment of some journals at its indifference to their statements of the ill health of the Holy Father. Denial of these " malignant fibs, as our contemporary calls them, was uttneoeBB&ry.as; its columns .daily contained a'ooountB of the audiences benignautly oonoeded to bishops, oonspiououB personages, and, in fine, to the diplomatists accredited to the Holy Bee. By the gi'ace of God his Holiness enjoys excellent health, notwithstanding the torrid heats of an Italian midsummer and the continuous fatigues he undergoes in the government of the universal Ohuroh. Iz appears (says. the Universe) that the only. State whioh recorded a vote in favour of the restoration of the Jesuits in the German Federal Obtififlil was that governed by the ancient line of Senas in Thuringia. Catholics will not loose oourage, nevertheless, but hope they may turn away the sentiments of Protestants full of prejudice from the valiant ohampionB of the Ohuroh. A grievouB error has been oommitted, and it is only now the RpdemptoristB, the Iiazarists, the Fathers of die Hply Ghost, and t^pse of the Sacred Heart are excepted from the tyrannic exoluBion of the JeBuitB. Taa Atlb6 Oandeo, of Bresoira (says the Universe), has brought-out a cheap and most nsefnl invention, .the vendemtnlatHce, at the exhibition'of MUmi, which singles out fresh grapes from thOBe which are unripe and unfit to be made into'wine. This is but one of many practical 'Jsboar-^aring inVen (ions otthe ingenious abbd. < \- ONxof the.moBt remarkable,instances of religious toleration and': broad- mindedness afftt hatr yet come Underour notice {sayethe • l JW4l&).is<am>ooiioedfroni Amsterdam. iTha ' OftMrBHy ofthatoityfass noti only ereoted ohair ten'the 'Philosophy of 8t: iThoaaSi'bathas nominatedms its ooonpa»$ a'Jesuit, Fr .vanSohyndel, a eoholar who 'is generally beloved -and. esteented in the ' ffletherlanda. .Imagine'Oxford'or Cambridge offering a ohair of Soholaatio Philosophy to VtlmtoStpotXt.4»wtelt: The new Bishop ot Liverpool, the Very Bev. Canon Whiteside, was born at Lancaster in 1856, .so that he oannot bfrmore than thirty-eight. He is the youngest bishop appointed to an English see sinoe the Reformation. Bbothbb Kiebnah, one of the prominent Trappiet monks who went from Ireland to the United States to fonnd Hew Melleray Monastery at Dubuque, Iowa, forty-fivei years go, has passed away. He was the historian of the Order, 