MOAMA. Services of special interest were held last Sunday in the Catholic chapel, it being the first visit of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Wilcannia, Dr. Dunne. In the morning eight o’clock Mass was celebrated by the bishop, and about 20 persons .. partook of the Holy Sacrament.' At ton o’clock another Mass was celebrated, Pastor Kioly officiating, Dr. Dunne delivering the sermon. -The preacher took for bis test “There is bat one Gjod.” Ho dis coursed on the mysteries of the Holy Trinity, warning bis listeners -of falling into: the sceptical man’s babit of only believing what can bo seen and understood. Though not understanding we must perforce believe. After the sermon several children re ceived confirmation. The young girls, robed in the usual . confirmation dress, all in white, with veil and a wreath of flowers round the head, looked very pretty. They wore all warned "by tbo celebrant of the aocredness of tho step they were taking, and after confirmation were encouraged to con tinue in the path of duty, avoiding all im purity and intemperance. 'In answer to the bishop’s request all tbo ' confirmed took the pledge of total abstinence till attaching the age of 21. . The remarks on this step and its usefulness wore most - impressive and were attentively listened to by all present, amongst whom woro several residents of'Eohoca. Tho little chapel was nicely decorated with ferns and flowers by Miss Florence Guilfoylo as sisted tbo Misses Dillon and Ellen Murphy and Mrs. Smith, whoso decoration of the altar was very pretty and tasty. Dr. Dunne ex pressed his'pleasure at finding'the church in, such a good financial condition, only £16 being dao on it, though only created a short time. Thanks wore offered up for the generous donors of all denominations who bad helped to bring about this gratifying result. At St. James’s, Moama, on Sunday last, special reference was made to tho death of tho bishop of‘the diocese, Dr. Linton. The church was suitably draped in black all tbo week. The “Dead March" in “Saul" was played at both morning and evening services. The last hymn in tbo evening, “ Through the night of doubt and sorrow," was specially chosen as one of tho bishop’s favorite hymns. His loss is felt very keenly by all tbo church people in the parish. The churchwardens, at their mooting on Thursday evening Inst, passed a resolution that a letter of condolence be written to Mrs. Linton on behalf of tho parishioners. The letter was duly posted on Friday morning. Mrs. Linton and bar daughter will pass through Moama by the Deniliquin train on Tuesday afternoon (to day), “How does any sane Government expect a mao to live when ho is taxed from his bead to his heels, inside and outside ?” said a well known local fruiterer a few days ago. “ Here am I,” continued bo, “paying Is duty on a 3a cose of quinces; Is on a 36-lb oaso of apples ; 2d on every pound of butler *1 bring across ; and 2d on every dozen of eggs, cheese, bacon, etc. It is all tbe same," bo moaned, “and the result is my seem high. Money and customers are scarce, and I have a largo stock on band going bad, while, worse luck, no one around', whom- I know seems to have too much of tbe necessaries of life.” Alderman Evans, ' Deniliquin Municipal Council, wants that body to borrow £6000’ to pay off the overdraft of £35(K) and have a balance to expend on necessary works. Aider man Fagan backs up tbo mover, and adds “Some ratepayers might think they (tho approvers and supporters of tbo borrowing) were doing them a good, turn, .but others might think differently.Without doubt. The Deniliquin Aihatour Turf Club bold their annual winter race mooting next Thurs day. . • The. first anniversary services ' of tho Bible Christian Church' was held lost Sunday. Tho Rev. Mr. Osborne, of-Elmore, preached at both services. The -attendance was very largo. Miss McLaren -presided at tbo organ. The anniversary will bo . further celebrated on Wednesday next by a tea and concert, which promises to bp a rod letter day for Moama. On Sunday afternoon - Mr. Osborne preached from Aots-2,.4— “They were all filled with the Holy Ghost.” Ho dwelt on tbo influence of the Holy Ghost before Pentecost, of tbo prophets’ references to his' 'coming in tbo fulness which at the Pentecost was fulfilled. The fulness'of , tbo'spirit of God Is manifest to day in tho heart of those who fully conse crate their lives to His service. In tho evening bo preached from John 2nd chapter 10th yereo, “Thou hast kept tho best wine until the last.” Ho spoke of the customs - of tho people of that day,and then pointed out that this miracle was the' first performed, and Ibat it Is the link on which tbo oburob to-day is bail(. As w!ho x was to them so superior .to water, so God’s tovo and peace is superior to tbo pleasures' of tbo world. Tho preabher carefully any refer ence to tbe question, Was it intoxicating? The choir sang sacred songs very nicely. Ho doubt there Is a treat in store for-ail' who attend tho tea raoeting.noxt Wednesday night, Ur. E. Stewart, late accountant iu. the Aus traliau Joint Stock Bank, loft by tho. after noon train for tbo Hay branch, to which office he has been transferred. A number of friends saw him off. 4 ’ A man named Tbos. Cunningham wad brought up before Mr. Redman, J.P.,at Moama this morning charged with stealing a quantity of bedding from Barberis’s Hotel, Hare street, Eobuoa, last Friday night. On tbo applica tion of tbo police, ho. was remanded to appear at Echuca this-morning. A painful sensation was oroatod in Moama yesterday afternoon, abqut'4 o’clock, when it became known -that Mr. Thomas John Chambers, a well-known resident, had been arrested by Senior- constable Morrison on the charge of stealing a • cask of sulphur from An outbuilding on iho quarantine grounds, tbe properly- of tbo Now South Wales: Govern ment. Tho Accused was brought before Mr. George Redman, J.P., at a special court, and remanded till to-day; Bail was • allowed, bimsolf in £40 and one surety of £40, ■ whiob was forthcoming. The case will ho hoard at II o’olook to-day 