; Sitemtixre. RENSHAW . FMfflWS. QUEST. (By BERTRAM MTTFORD, Author of 'The Gun-runner, a Romance of Zululand,' ''Tween Snow and Fire,' 'Through the Zulu Country: Its Battle fields and its People, ' &c.; {Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] * I Chapter X'yTTT. — Following the Chte. It takes a little time to get used to sleeping out in the open and on the hard ground. The latter the novice is apt to find hard indeed. There is always that refractory lump or stone just under the hip bone, and by the time he has removed this or shifted his position he only settles down to find two similar sources of affliction where there was but one before. If timid he will think of snakes, if nervous he will be momentarily imagining some cold creeping thing crawling over his ear or sneaking inside the legs of his trousers. Add to ims the novelty of the -situation and the hundred and one varying voices of the night which combine to keep him awake and it follows that however alluring to the embryo traveller may be the prospect of 'camping out' the reality is less pleasant — till he gets used to it. Henskaw, remarking that their late formid able visitant needn't have wished them good night quite so loudly, rolled himself in a blanket, and in ten minutes was fast asleep. But Sellon, being new to this kind of thing, speedily fell a victim to each and all of the little inconveniences above detailed, and passed a most uncomfortable and restless night: The howling of the hysenas, mingling with the shriller ' yap' of the hunting jackal — sounded continuous — then, just as he was dropping off into a doze, the loud 'baugh ! baugh !' of a troop of baboons on the mountain-side started him wide awake . again, his first impression being that their late visitor was prowling around, intent on cultivating a closer acquaint ance. Twice, indeed, he did bear that thunderous, muffled roar, which once heard is so unmistakable, but it was in the far distance. On the whole, therefore, all unrested as he was, he felt anything but sorry when his companion, looking out from under his blanket, stared at the stars, then leisurely sat up. 'By Jove! I've been envying you,' growled Sellon. ' You've been sleeping like a log, and Fve hardly closed my eyes all night.' 'Not, eh? Ah, I forgot you^re not used to this sort of thing. You soon will be, though. Turn in again a little longer while I brew the coffee.' ' Coffee ! Why, man, it isn't daylight yet.' ' No, but in a few minutes it will be. How ever, you lie stilL Try and snatch another hour's sleep. Fll see to everything.' He was as good as his word. When Sellon awoke — not in another hour, but rather more than two — the sun was already up, but his comrade was nowhere to be seen, nor were the horses. There was the coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire, and some biscuit. Having absorbed a steaming cup or two, Sellon lighted his pipe, and felt better. A double report sounded from some way along the river bank then and there. In about twenty minutes Renshaw returned. 'Fve been marketing,' he said, turning half-a-dozen ring doves out of his pocket. 'These litde jokers are hot half bad when grilled on the coals, and they don't take long to cook. To-night will be the last time we can make a fire, until we find ourselves here again — that is, if we come back this way.' 'WelL I shall go and get a swim,' said Maurice, jumping up and stretching him self. 'A swim? Hold hard. Where will you get it I'' *' In the river, of course,' was the as tonished answer. But Renshaw shook his head. 'You'd better not try it, Sellon. It isn't safe.' ' Why ? Alligatois ?' 'Yes. You can't go into deep water, but there's shallow a little way up, where you.ean have ja. good splash. Ifs only a matter of a- few inches if you keep close to the bank — and you must keep close to it too. Fve been in myself this morning — and, by the same token, it's the last chance of tubbing we shall get. Fll go as far as the rise and point you out the place.' Half an hour later Sellon returned, rein vigorated by his bath and clamoring for break fast. The birds' had been plucked and spread upon the embers, split open, spatchcock fashion, and when ready afforded our travellers a toothsome breakfast. Then they saddled up. ' We shan't do our thirty miles to-day^' said Renshaw, as they rode along. 'We started too Lite. But that won't greatly matter. We have plenty of time, and ifs better to keep'the horsey fresh than to rush them through.' ' So it is. But, I say, this place is Ijfcft the TJmtirara VaJley, minus the bush and tie greenness.' It was. As they rode on, the desolate wilderness of the defile increased. Rocky elopes sparsely grown with stunted bush, the usual cliff formation cleaving the sky-Hne. Boulders large and small studded the valley, lying like so many houses on the hillsides or piled up ur unpleasantly obstructive profusion, right along the line of march. Of animal life there was little enough.. Here and there an armor-plated tortoise stalking solemnly among the stones, or a large bird of prey circling overhead — but of game, no sign. As the sun mounted higher and higher, pouring its rays into the defile as though focussed through a burning-glass, the heat tried Sellon severely. 'This is awfuL' he growled, for the fiftieth time, mopping his steaming face. 'Is it going- to be like this all the way ?' 'It may be. But we shall have to do most pi our moving about at night. We can take it easy now and off-saddle, and trek on again towards sundown. Until we actually begin our search I know the ground by heart, Come, now, Sellon, you must keep up your determination. It's beastly trying, I kno^p, for an unseasoned chap ; bat think of the end.' 'I believe Fll get a sunstroke first,' was the dejected reply, as the speaker flung him self wearily on the ground. ' Not a bit of it. Here, have a drop of liquor — but you'd better take it weak, or if 11 do more harm than good.' And getting ont a pannikin, Renshaw poured in a little of the contents of his flask, judiciously diluting it from the water-skin ehnig across the pack horse. This water-skin, by the way, was .an in genious contrivance of his own, and of which he was not a little proud. Like its Eastern prototype — upon which it was modelled — it : consisted of a good-sized Angora kid — one of , the legs serving for a spunk 'Not a 'bad dodge, eh?1 acquiesced fien^ shaw, in response to his companion's remark. 'The water hasa leathery taste, I admits but Its better than none at alL I bit upon .the idea when I first began these expeditions. Something of the kind was absolutely essential. Trekking with waggons you carry the ordinary vaatje (a small, drum-shaped keg), suing between the wheels, bid; ifs an incon penient thing to load up on a horse-r-in fact, the second attempt I made the concsm got looseand rolled the whole way down a mountain side — of coure, splintering to atoms. Besides, this thing holds more and keeps the ?water cooler. I came near dying of thirst that time, being three nights and two days without a drop of anything; for this is a mighty dry countrv, I needn't tell you.' 'What if the whole yarn should turn out moonshine after all?' said Sellon, with the despondency of a thoroughly exhausted man. 'There's one thing about it thatlobks fishy. How could whaf s his name — Qreenway — wounded as he was, fetch your plaice in -two or three days? Why, ifll take' usnearlya weektodo^it — if not quite.' ' That very thing struck me at first,' said Renshaw. quietly suredding^Tip a piece of Boot tobacco. 'My impression is lie didn't come back the same way as he went. You see, he knew the country thoroughly. He may have taken a short cut andUcome straight over the mountains. For Fm pretty sure, the way we are taking is an altogether roundabout one.' 'Then, why couldn't the fellow have told you the shorter one instead of sending us round three sides of the square ?' 'That's soon explained. In. the first place, this way is -easier to find, the landmarks more unmistakable, and the travelEng better. In the second, you must remember the poor old chap was at his last gasp. It's a good thing for you, Sellon, that he was, for' if he had only lived half an hour longer — even a quarter— he'd have given fuller details, and I should have found the place long ago. Look how dis jointed the last part of his story is— just the main outlines, trusting to me to fill in detail. I tell you, it was-quite pitiable to see the man ful effort he made-to keep up until he had said his say.' Later in the afternoon, the heat having somewhat abated, they resumed their way, which grew at every mile more rough and toilsome, between those lofty walls, winding round a spur, only to find a succession of similar spurs further on. Then the eun went off the defile, and a coolness truly refreshing succeeded. Renshaw, leading the way, held steadily on, for there was light enough from the great sparkling canopy above to enable them to more than distinguish outline. ' At length the moon rose. „ ' Look ahead, Sellon, and tell me if you see anything,' said Renshaw at last. 'See anything? Why, no. Stop a. bit, though,' shading his eyes. ' Yes. This in fernal valley has come to an end. There's a big precipice bang ahead of us. We can't get any further.' ' Not, eh ? Well, now, look to the left.' Sellon obeyed. At right angles to the valley they had been ascending, and which here opened out into a wide basin, barred in front by the cliff referred .to, ran another similar defile. 'There it is,' continued Renshaw in a satisfied tone. 'Thafs the 'long poorf men tioned by Greenway — and,' pointing to the right, 'there are the ' two kloofs^' ' It was even as he said. The situation corre sponded exactly. 'We'll go into camp now,' said Renshaw. ' Let's see what you'll think of my ' hoteL' ' Turning off the track they had been pur suing, Renshaw led the way up a slight acclivity. A number of boulders lay ,strewn around in a kind of natural stonehenge. In. the midst .was a circular depression, containing a little water, the remnant of the last rainf alL 'Look therej' he went on, pointing out a smoke-blackened patch . against *he rock. 'Thafs my old fireplace. Our blaze will be quite hidden, as much as it can be anywhere, mat is. So now we'll set to work and make ourselves snug.' Until he became too fatigued to suffer his mind to dwell upon anything but. his own dis comfort, Sellon had been cudgelling his brains to solve the mystery of the resuscitated docu ment, but in vain. He was almost inclined at lout in nt±riihntf* its a,fisfcra/»fcinn and reooverv te the agency of the dead adventurer's ghost. But the solution of the mystery was a very simple one, and if Sellon deserves to be left in the darkness of perplexity by reason of the part he played in the matter, the reader does not. So we may briefly refer to an incident which, unknown to the former, had cecured on the evening of Renshaw's return to .his most uninviting home. He had been very vexed over the French leave taken by his retainer, as we have seen. But, when his anger against old Dirk was .at its highest, the tatter's consort, reckoning the time had come for playing the trump card, produced a dirty roll of paper. Handing it to her master, she recommended him to take care of it in future. Renshaw's surprise as he recognised its identity was something to witness — almost as great as Sellon's. He had been going about all these weeks, thinking the record of his precious secret as secure as ever, and all the while it was in the dubious care of a slovenly old Koranna woman. But on the subject of how it came into her possession old Kaatje was reticent. . She had taken care of it while the Baas wassiok, and, but for her, it might have been lost beyond recovery. More than this, he could not extract, except an earnest recommenda tion to look after it better in the future. However, its propitiatory object was accom plished, and he could not do otherwise than pardon the defaulting Dirk on the spot. The fact was she had witnessed the steanger's doubtful proceedings, and having tier sus picions-had determined to watch him. - When she saw him deliberately steal her '. roaster's cherished ' charm' she thought it was time to interfere. She had accordingly crept up to the open window, and reft the paper out of Sellon's hand — as we have seen. So poor old Greenway's ghost may rest absolved in the matter, likewise the enemy of mankind and the preternatircally accomplished baboon. And although she did not state as much the fact was that the Koranna woman had intended to return the document upon Renshaw's recovery, but had refrained on see ing him about to take Ms departure in com pany with the strange Baas who she dis trusted, and not without good reason. ? Chaptbe XXTV.— The Two Tubbet-Heads. 'Hurrah!- The scent is getting warm,55 cried Sellon, as grinding round a spur they came into full view of a huge coff ee-eanister- shaped mountain. : It was the end of the third day's trek. Making an early start from the snug camping place where we last saw them, they had pushed steadily on until the heat of the day became too oppressive. Then after a long -rest they had resumed their march, and now it was even ing. ' Yea, but it'll have to get wanner still to be of much use,' replied Renshaw. ' Look ! There's the other turret-head.' High aloft, rising from behind the slope of the first, a great 'elbow' of cliff started into view. Then a turn of the road once more hid it from sight. 'There are the two refered toby poor old Greenway,' said Renshaw. 'The third, the smaller one, lies beyond them to the north west.' ' Eh ? Then, why on earth are we going in slap the opposite direction ?' For the 'poort' they had been threading here came to an abrupt termination, splitting off into a gradually ascending kloof on each side of tiie first of the two great mountains. Without a moment's hesitation Renshaw had taken the left-hand one — heading indeed south-westerly. ' You can't get anywhere by the other way, Sellon. Nothing but blind alleys ending in a krantz.' Half an hour or so of rough uphill travelling and they halted on a grassy neck. And now the two great mountains stood forth right against their line of march. Rising up, each in a steep, unbroken grassy slope, they could not have been less man 3,000 ft. from .the valley which girdled their base -Him the trench of an old Roman encampment. The crest of each was belted'-around by a smooth perpendicular waD. of cliff about a 'third of the height of the mountain itself, ..gleaming bronze red in the shimmering glow, barred here and there with livid perpendicular streaks, showing where a colony of assvogels had found a nesting place, possibly from time immemorial, among the ledges and crannies upon its inaccessible face. 'By Jove f cried Sellon, as, after a few minutes' halt, they rode along the hillside opposite to and beneath the two majestic gjants. ' By Jove, but I newer saw such an extraordinary formation ! Some of those turret heads we passed on our way down to Selwood's were quaint enough-7-but these beat anything. Why, they're as like as two peas. And— -the size of them. I say, though, what a view of the country we^should get from the 'Should ! Yes, if we could only reach it. Bat we can't. The kraritz is just as im practicable all round as on this side. I tried the only place that looked like a way, once. Ifs round at the back of the second one. There's a narrow rocky fissure all trailing with maidenhair fern — masses and masses of it. WelL I suppose I climbed a couple of hundred feet, and had to give up. : Moreover, it took me the best part of the day to come down again, for if I hadn't called all my nerve into play, and patience,'.. too, it would only have taken a fraction of a second — and — the fraction of every bone in -iny anatomy. No. Those summits will never be trodden by mortal foot — unless some fellow lands there in a balloon, that is.' An hour of further riding, and they had reached the extreme end of the second gigantic turret. Here again was a neck, con necting the base of the latter with the rugged and broken ridges on the left. Hitherto they had been ascending by an easy gradient. JSfow Senshaw, strikiag^^ff-abraptiy to tke right, led the way obliquely down a steep rocky declivity. Steeper and steeper it be came till the' riders deemed it advisable to dismount and lead. Slipping, scrambling, sliding among the loose stones the stanch steeds stumbled on. Even the pack-horse, a game little Basuto pony, appointed to that office by reason of his extra sure-foqtedness, was within an ace of coming to grief more than once, while Sellon's larger steed actually did turn a complete somersault, luckily with out sustaining any injury, but causing his owner to bless his stars he was on his feet at the time. The second great turret-head, fore shortened against the sky, now disappeared, , shut back? from view by-*he steep fall of the' ground. 'We have touched bottom at last,' said Renshaw,- as to the unspeakable relief of the residue of the party — equine no less than human — comparatively level ground was reached. But the place they were now in looked Kke nothing so- much as a dry stony river-bed. Barely a hundred yards in width, it was shut in on either side by gloomy .krantzes, sheering up almost from the level itself. 'What a ghastly hole !' said Maurice, wham, the dismal aspect of the gorge depressed. 'How much further are these tnnnel-like infernos going to last, Farming ? I swear it felt like a glimpse of daylight again, -when we were riding up there past the two canister headed gentry just now.' ' I shouldn't have thought you were-sueh an imaginative chap, Sellon. 'WelL you see, this everlasting feeling of being shut in is dismal work. Beastly de pressing, don't you know.' 'You must make up your mind to it a little longer. There's a water-hole about an hour from here, and there we'll off-saddle and tee by for a-snooze. By the way, ifs dry here, isn't hYT 'Ghastly* It looks like a place where a stream should be running, too.'' 'WelL Fve seen such a roaring, racing, mountainous torrent galloping down here that there wasn't foothold for man or beast any where between these krantzes. By the bye, you may devoutly pray that there's no rain during the next few days. A thunderstorm in the mountains higher up would set the whole of this place bumming with water.' The sun had left them, and the grey dead sileneeof the savage defile seemed to echo back the tones of their'voiees and the rdfnk- d the horses' hoofs, with abnormal clearness. Sellon eyed the grim ?rock walls towering ©ver-tbeir heads, and growled: ' WelL ifs a beastly place, as I said before. And talking about water, thafs the worst of this country— you always have either not enough, or else too much of it. All the same, Fm glad to hear we shall soon have some to dilute our grog with to-night. This rattling over stones is dry and throaty work, and the water in your leathern thing must have touched boiling point by now. ' What's the row ?' The last came in- a quick, startled tone. Renshaw had suddenly slid' from his saddle and was picking up some of the large stones which lay in such plentiful profusion. As he arose from this occupation a great rolling writhing shape became apparent upon a sand spit barely a dozen yards oft up went the hideous head into the ah% waving to and fro above the great heaving coil, and the -cruel eyes scintillated with a baleful fire. The horses backed and shied in alarm, snorting violently. Shorter and shorter became the movements of the head, and the forking tongue protruded as the formidable reptile emitted a blood- curdling hiss. Maurice Sellon felt himself shuddering with horror and repulsion as he gazed for the first time upon the glistening cheek-patterned coils of a large python. Whizz! Whack! The-stone launched from 'Renshaw's practised hand just grazed the waving neck, knocking splinters from the rock behind. With another appalling hiss, the -creature, its head still aloft, began, to uncoiL as if with the object of rushing upon its antagonist. Whack ! With unerring aim, with the velocity of a catapult, the second stone came full in contact with the muscular writhing neck. The frightful head dropped as if by magic, and the great scaly coils heaved and sprawled about on the sand in dyiug agony. ' Broken his neck,' saidJRenshaw, cautiously approaching the expiring reptile, and letting into him with the remaning- stones he held in his left hand. ' Python. Twelve feet if he's an inch.' ' Good old shot ! First rate !' cried Mau rice, enthusiastically. 'I say, old chap, I envy you. A great wriggling brute like that makes me sick to look at Viim. Pah !' he added, with a shudder. 'Look out for his mate,' said Renshaw, re mounting. 'Pythons often go in couples. And I am sorry to say there are a good many snakes about here.' 'Baugh! Bau-augh !' The loud sonorous bark echoed forth in startling suddenness among the overiianging cliffs. But it didn't seem to come from high overhead. ? It sounded almost in their path. ' Baboons,' said Renshaw. 'They must be all round our waterhole. There they are. are. No — on no account fire.' The poort here widened out. Grassy slopes arose to the base of the cliffs. In the centre lay a rocky pool whose placid surface glittered mirror-like in the gloaming. But between this and the horsemen was a crowd of dark uncouth shapes. Again that loud warning bark sounded forth — this time overhead, but so near that it struck -upon the human ear as almost Tnpnfli ^1 nor 'Baboons, eh?' said Sellon, catching sight of the brutes. 'Fm going to charge them.' Renshaw smiled quietly to himself. 'Charge away,' he said. 'But whatever ?you do don't fire a shot. It may bring down upon us a very different sort of obstruction than a clompje of baviaans, and then this undertaking is one more added to the list of failures, even if we get out wife whole .skins.' But Maurice hardly heard hi™ to the end, as sparring up his horse he dashed straight at the troop of baboons. The latter for their kind were abnormally large. There might have been about three score of the great ungainly brutes squatting around on the rocks which overhung thepooL As the horseman galloped up they could be seen baring theirtusks, grinning' angrily. But they did not move. Sellon had not bargained for this. The great apes, squatted together, showing an unmoved front to the aggressor, looked sufficiently formidable, not to say threatening. Sellon's pace slowed down to a walk before he got within sixty yards of them. Then he halted and sat staring irresolutely at the hideous beasts. Still they showed no sort of disposition to give way. For a few moments bothjparties stood thus eyeing each other. An of a sudden, led by about a dozen of the largest, the whole troop of hairy monsters came shambling forward — gibbering and gnashing their great tusks in unpleasantly suggestive fashion. A second more and Sellon would have turned tail and fled ignominiously when— Whizz ! Whack-whack ! whack ! A per fect shower of sharp stones came pelting into the thick of the ugly crowd with the swift ness and accuracy of a Winchester rifle, knocking out eyes, battering hairy limbs, playing havoc g.nwmg them like a charge of grape-shot. With yells of pain and terror the brutes turned and fled, scampering up the rocks in all directions. Renshaw, guessing the turn events were likely to take, had quietly dismounted, and, filling his hands and pockets with stones, had advanced to ihe snpport of his now discom fited friend. 'Those brutes don't understand us quite,' he said, after the roar of laughter evoked by this sudden turn in the tide of affairs bad subsided. ' One shot would have sent them scampering, 'but we dared not fire it. They are not used to the human form divine in this wilderness, but they won't forget that bom bardment in. a hurry.' 'By jingo, no. Fancy being obstructed by a herd of monkeys. All the same, old chap, they did not look ugly sitting there -champing their tusks at one like that.' 'So they did. Now well let our horses drink, and then adjourn to our sleeping- place. We mustn't camp too near the water,, beca-use the krantzes- swarm with tigers (leopards), to say notjring of worse cattle, who might inter fere with us if we kept them, from their nightly drink. And we can't light a fire to night.' (To be continued.) CoTJNTETiiaN (to dentist)—' I wouldn't pay nofchin3 extra fer gas. Jest yank her out if it does hurt.' Destibt — ' You are plucky, sir. Let meeee the tooth.' CotrNTEiKAM — ' ' Oh, 'tain't me thafs got the toothache j jf 6 my Jwife, Shall be here in a, minute.-7*' 