MUSIC &THE; DRAMA. DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. [BY ToucIISTONJ.] This evening at the Academy of Music a farewell complimentary performance will be tendered by the Lyceum Dramatic Club to Messrs Max Rumpff and Charles Galvin, who are about to seek their fortunes across the water. The bill of fare is varied in its character, comprising as it does Heasle wood's drama "The Harvest Storm," the comedy "Leave it to Me," and the farce " Benecia Boy." The performance is to be under special patronage, and a good house is anticipated. A treat is in store for Launceston lovers of good music, for to-morrow evening the Newbury- Spada Concert Company opens a two nights' season in the city. Herr Siebert in his farewell address at the Academy of Music recently said Lal'nces ton people liked good music "when they had not t) pay for it." I trust the atten dance at the Newbury-Spada conceits will prove that Lauucest'nians ace quite pre pared to practically support those who bring good music into their midst. The Orpheus Orchestral Society has been re-organised, and Mr George Lorkin is now director. The orchestra intend giving a series of concerts in the City Park during the summer months, the first to take place on December 5. The Brough and Duucicault Company visits Tasmania on its way back from New Zealand. In a farewell speech at the close of the comedy season at the Adelaide Theatre Royal on November 10 Mr Robert Brough, referring to the absence of his partner in England, said that he looked forward to Mr Boucicault's return with the nucleus of a new company next August. Mr and Mrs Brough are themselves going to London in ?arch, when it is Mrs Brough's intention to take any suitable opportunity that may offer t> appear upon 0 the London stage. The Brough-Boucicault t Company sailed from Melbourne to Now a Zealand recently by the Eurimbla. n Launceston playgoers will be glad to C hear that their old favourite Mr W. J. c Holloway is still running "The Found- a ling" to good business at Terry's Theatre, ii fLondon. He anticipates, after the r American success of "The New Boy " in d New York" that " The Foundling," when r produced by Mr Charles Frohman, is al- t most sure to hit the popular taste. His t own experiences with it out of London i bave been most reassuring; his company had a particularly brilliant reception at f Brighton, where "The Foundling" was played to very big business indeed. Launceston amusement seekers will doubt less rememberthe visitto this city of Mr E. E. Rice and his "Evangeline" Company 1 during Exhibition time. Mr Rice is the 1 individual who, attar experiencing a chil- 1 ling "frost" in Australia, went back to i America and revenged himself by asserting ,to an interviewer that there were " no pretty girls in the antipodean colonies." 1 'Recent advices from New York are to the E -effect that Rice on returning to Yankee. land st once dropped on his feet, where he is now managing "Little Christopher Columbus" with Mr A. M. Palmer. He has just secured Mr George Walton to play the part of the private detective in that burlesque, and had sent to London for Billie Barlow to play the name part. Miss Barlow, who used to be a great favourite at the N. Y. Casino, was, however, unaole to accept the engagement. The fact cf an "engagement," in the social, not the theatrical application of the term, between Miss Pattie Browne and Mr Boucicault has long been an open secret in Sydney. Now the London Figaro states that "' Dot' Boucicault upon his arrival in London from Australia will be married to Miss Pattie Browoc, the clever little Drury Lane soubrette." Mr Beerbohm Tree is busily rehearsing Mr Haddon Chambera's forthcoming plly, for which the title has not yet been finally decided. It will be produced (states the Argus's London crrespondent on October 12) about the middle of next month, before the Haymarket manager embarks on his American tour. The object of this rather sudden decision cn the part of Mr tree is to strengthen, if possible, his repertoire. Italian papers assert that Eleanora Duse has in view a tour in Australia, and that she will bring with her Cesare Rossi as well as Rosaspire, and Cantinelli, both well known artirts. Signora Duse, unlike Ristori, who was at her best in tragedy and in historical parts, is a great comedy actress, so that her greatest successes have been as the vivacious Innkeeper, pestered by four suitors ("La Locoudiera "), and as "Nora," the title under which she p'ays Ibsen's "A Doll House." Signora Duse's scope also embraces "La Dame aux Camelias" and other dramas, in which Mme. Bernhardt and various English actresses have appeared in Australia, so that the fact that she playv in Italian should prove no hindrance to the success of the venture. In Mascagni's new opera, "William Ratcliffe." after all the characters are killed cif, the action is carried on by their ghosts. Mascagni is now engaged upon a subject, taken from Misosi's popular Italian romance " Priest and Noble," which he intends to re-name" Serafina d'Albania." Miss Alice Lothbridge and Mr Fred Storey, who will be th be remembered in Australia, are both to appear in another new "musical comedy" called "All My Eye-Vanhoe," at the Trafalgar Theatre, London. In this production the bright particular stars will be Miss Phyllis Broughton and.Mr J: L. Shine. It is not often (ssys the writer of "Musical and Dramatic Notes" in the S.M,. Herald) that a singer as yet unknown in English concert rooms has a song com posed expressly for her as the resultocf a private trial, Yet this was Miss Ada Crossley's last experience in London before she left for Paris during the first week in October. Mr Archerberg, the well known music publisher, who takes a great interest in the Australian contralto, lately invited her to sing again before a distinguished company, with the rtsult that Mr Michael Bergson, comroser o "Life's Crown;" " I1 Ritorno," 'Rondo Valse," " Serenade Moresque," and other' pieces, which have enjoyed some vogue in London, composed for her a new ballad entitled "Midnight Chimes." The new song, the words of which are by Maria Hayes, ranges from G below the lines to E fiat, bears a dedication to Miss Crossley with a profile protrait. The proofs had just been rubmitted to Miss Crossley when she started for the Mlarchesi Academy. 