SYDNEY PLYING SQUADEON. , .notwithstanding tho look of ram in the sky' .'? and the likelihood, of a big blow from tlio sonth on Saturday, tlio Lady Miiuninir was u. crowded stoamcr, and Clark Inland told by tbo uumbor of peoplo ashore there that neither tho proba bility of wot nor the chances of much wind could interfero with the sport of the sup. porters of the Sydnoy Flying Squadron. Koryan; .timokouper, Mr. 1'. j. Donovan, 'nud umpire, Sir. W. Garden. Tho raco was the third event on tho pro^ranimo for tho ncasou. and, ns is usual with tho ' Squadron's racee, was a handicap* raco, in ' tivo heats and a final. Tho coursa was -trom Clark Island, round a buoy oil Taylor Bay, rouud Shark Ishind, ? and. homo to Clark Island. In each heat there were seven starters, aud no wonder, for tho prizes (JBia, Si. and £3, and a price of £5 (tiven by Mr. Mark Foy for .the best and moat suitably dreasnd crow) were attraetivo. The w^nd iu tho Harbor . was a fresh S.S.K., and occasionally it blew muoli too hard for tho cauvas carried by some of tho boats. . First Heat.— lady .Dnff, Mft, IV. Fitchenry, scratch! Young Harry, (Hft, U. Holmoa, Junr. scratch j Volunteer, i!4ft, Chris. Wobb, scrntch j Secret, !!5(t, G. Holmes, senr., Hiniu ; Ghost, l!«t. Hark Foy, 2millj Nereid, 18ft, \V. H. Oplding . 3lmlu ; aud Ethel, ISft, S. UoIIIuks, Mlraiu. Nnroid and Ethol (tot nway well together, Ethol cottini a olight lead. Of tho big boats Lndy IliuT was tbo first to cross the line, but just aftor the Btnrt hor jib-shoet carried away, nud sho lost a littlo through the mishap. Nereid on the run to Taylor Hay took tho lead, and was first to '. round the buoy. .Sho wus followed by Btbol. Ghost, bearqt, Young Harry, lady Duff, and Volunteer iti 'the order stated. On tlio boat to Shark Islund; after roundini; Iho buoy. Secret and Volunteer nrndo 8'bijt boani on tlio port tuck, tho other boats standing over in tbo direction of Shark ? Point. During tho thrush tbu wind increased very much, mid aevorul of tho boats uot iuto diffi culties. Lady Dull bud her jib carried awny at tho throat, but- after that was rectified she met «ith woreo luok, as sho rilled wbon oil Shark Point. Ghost stood In under Shark, lluaoh, whero sho found shelter sufUdontly no doubt unprcciatcd, for there sho stayed. £thcl all but filled, aud Eh«, tlio people ou. tho flajsliip allur their mislwp by bniliuic out to windtvard. Xureid, which was spleudidly sailed, rounded Shark Iatanil tlrjt. and was 1'ollowod iu the order clvcu, by Socret, Vulun toer, aud Youi'ir Harry. Ou the reach to Clark Island Nerold maintained tho lead until when closo to home, which wiu reached. by Sonet, -th IBmla ?' 40soo ; Nuroid, -III 18min SOsoc ; I'ouui;. Harry, 4h lOmlu Bscc i and Volunteer, -ih lOmin liOsoc. Second Heat.— Esmoralda, 22ft, 'W. Bold, 1 Jmin i Conmo, 20ft, J. D. Hobinsou, L'jinin ; Beltiua, 20ft. W. Atkinson, Smin; Ariol. lsft, G. Ellis, Olinin ? Stella, 16ft, J. Somerville, 3Jmin j Cyguot, lWt, Tl Colcbrook, sen., 3imin; and Aite:, 18ft, S. Caincrou, jlmiu. As this heat started boforo tho flninli of the first heat wo could not soo how tho boati fared until after thoy had rounded tho buoy oil Taylor Bay. On tho boat to Shark Ialnnd Aitoo, Ariel, and Eainerulda stood across to Shark Point, Cyeiiot, Stolht, Bottina, and Counio nmVinf hoards on tho port tack and .then standing for Shark Island. Cygnet carried nway her jib nt tho out haul, und did not round tho Island. Ariel wus Win first to round nud make for home. Sho was followed by Esmaralda, Astec, Stnlhi, Ueltiiia. and Connie. Durlui,' the raco to Clark Island .b'Hmoraldn took tlrst position from Ariel. The flai; fell with tho following result :— Esmcralda (1) 4h ?ISmin iiosec, Ariol (S) -Ih 45mln ?ilseii, Ar.t«c 4h Mmin iiisoo, Stollu -ill 47miu 52-cc, Bcttiua ih «min 5sec, Conulo 4h Omiu 'J2sto. Final.— Thoro were five starters : Secret, Noroid, Ariel, Usuernlda, aud Aztoc, tbe last-named Bailiui; ulidcr'a protost.by her skippor against £Binoralda, which had Hailed ill the heat the wou without hor colors, which had beeu blon-u away boforo .she started. Ou thoruii to tho'buoy, Ariel set usquurc nail, hutcould not got awny from her rivals, Aztea aiidNorcid. Kmiioniiclci Got a bnllutii lib boomed out to wihdnard. .Tho buoy was roundod by A rial Hint, but Aztoe was rouud almost a» soon. On the beat to Shark Island Ariel, Stella, Aztec and Ncrold stood in under Shark Point, Kstueralda on tho other hand inakinif a number of badly.adviBod short hoards, which put hor completely out of tho run. Shark Island was rouudod by . Nereid in craud stylo first, Secret being next, closely followed by Altec. Ou tbo reach homo ballooners were sot, and Secret hoisted her topsail. Tli« lBst-nainod was not long in getting tho loading position, which she kept till the end- Secret, Sb. 3Glniu 2soc ? 1 Noroid, Mi3l!miu 12sec ? 8 . Ariol, th ilCmiii 58«oo ? 8 Aztoo, 5h 37min 1'Jseo ? 4 Esmoruldii, 6li 33inlu Wsoc ? ... & Tho prize for tho bost-dresBod crew was awarded to Aiteo. ....;., 