^Ite gag of A M I S S I O N A R Y " M E E T I W Y E A R S A G O . „ A REMARKABLE 81 Rev. H. W. Hortrill, M.Ai, dfl (formerly of Way College), pt reoent Sunday at Highbury <4uai— HIB sermon la the morning •trikiag and original. Takin;fSt the separation of BarnabaS ands work of missionaries (Aots Horwill uked hieheareratolrTJ atraot the eoone by empldyin& Ku, sal imagination" founded on ttieirl of men. The objections of feomeio bore of the Ohurah at AntioohtO of sending oat missionaries w«re^T„ objections to missionary enterprise^ more reoent times. Thus -one me the needs of Antiooh.V PMjWj learning would be thrown heathen. Where oould he findal than at AntioehT Ifth^wanWey missionary there was the mihiwei Philippi, a deoayed seaport a great success there; he jri» " eend. . ' - ^ The next speaker did not wUfcr; any one's feelings, bat be mart I prised to hear the name of Be wanted a man of trained 'ii Barnabas was hot an educated Son of Consolation" had beena antral to tbe Ohijrch at Antiooh, : quite unfitted for the rough work Of :l misaionary. Another speaker declared . absurd to try and convert the ; Greeks, for he understood it 1 visit Greeoe ; while another de wild Galatians were qmtemfittwjy* the Gospel; they needed to be citiffl. they oonld be Christianized, "flss suggest that soms Antiooh traders abjtKst the ~J in w * - MP the country ; then the misrionaritisjjwuld follow. Be proceeded to retail thefigmions of a young visitor of his whohad-bw jmbibmg tbe broad philosophy of thaUnjSeraity of Alexandria, and who asserted itort the native religion was always the best religion for a oountry, and that it would be a mistake to flatten down all the religions of tbir-world to one doll level, and thus destroy Wjjifasainating study of comparative wlip%; He suggested, further, that as they were living in an age of transition they shoold waft A 1 few years until they were qmte sure what JQhriaaianity really was. . Another speaker was sure the •jweoaaiy scheme would turn out an excuse rot'* new collection. They wanted all the mwtW'fchey oould get for the extenaion of Okrimgpork in Antiooh. Charity began at tome; it was unwiie to aend money out »f the oountry. <•. Another objected that fanl worked too much among the lower orders. He oosld not •xpeot Christianity to beoome a world-wide (cCgioB if that were his method, Thfrright way would be to take some good Utters of in trod nation. Then, having) obUinad the favour of the Court in an mdawp'deat oountry, or of the Proconsul in a Roman province, his cause would spread more rapidly. Paul was then called upon to speak, and his address, as given by Mr. Horwill,w»« not sJtogether imaginative. It oonsistsd £fextoaots from the epistles and reoorded speeches of Paul, whioh ooustitutod a reply tothe vatiou objections raised. When the matter was put to the vote, Paul and Barnabas ware sat apart for the work of missionaries by tbO votaa of theqmet members of the Choroh, who were content to do the work and lean othera to do libetalking. • - . The next day the following paragraph appeared in the .4*itioo& Gazette.-—" An interesting meeting was held last night in thephristian Church to consider a scheme for sending missionaries abread. The matter was introduced and discussed at great length, several objeotioas being oonridered. It was finally resolved that Pa>nl and Barnabas ahould go aa miwaonaries. The meeting oloeed with; the Doxology and the Benediction. We voiderstand that the missionaries' designate will leave the Pert of Setoneia by an early^at." The same paper oontaiped three: aadMbalf oolumns reporting the summer meetings the Syrian Gladiators' Club, srtiioh woulflfee far inioK interesting to any one t^o «ami aproa a oopy of the papers 2,000 JAM* lates-i but for that separation at AntidBh? asid • Mr. Horwill, "we to-daymightfaavS4^Wburning : •tioka to a wooden god. ' j.^sm.- T H E BRIDE'S INVFFT . The Rev. John MoNeiU, inbwi addresses, referring to tbe wonto^L-j^,- f , and the Bride say Come," •aidV^SBI&jj;" tbe Bride! Tbe Bride, my Alar ^ - brings out the other tide of . been lifting the curtain* the divine background ioall business—that. the ^puuoi-firodj powers of another world 1 are fal"" when we ace listening *o the Saviour's love and prateooa.i buman side. "The Spirit andthe Spirit through the Bride, say, the Bride is a beautiful . Bible to describe all the \- souls in Jesus Christ.. There's. • i as well as -a divine side, a visible as an eternal and invisible.' the Bride;" The Bride, aa.it5 incarnation of the Holy Ghost ^o of preaching and evangelising:" men—to make it TXiible, .tangible. The Holy Ghost ! ghostly, invisible faihion -r» whisper, - a - something mysterio .canny—to make your flesh a hair stand on end. The Spirit'- . ... by a man as human as. youndjF,: saved by graoe like yourself, who < fomoneof these things; but tlr God quickened him, got him -:to ' then holds out to you the & compassion and entreaty, and i Jesus" in your own speech when&D;^ born. The Holy Ghost finds specob' ! your dull ear, and reach 'TOUT .tie quicken you into faith in Chritt. f: beautiful, the onion of .the divlae . human in preaching Jesns for thai of our faith i " The Spirit and the 'Come."' If I could bring to this] \- to-night all the people .in all tbe aye, and in all ages—all the rode . heaven who £ave lived, and trust in the faith of Jesus, and found" Saviour from sin, their Saviour to J . heaven; if I oould briqg that oomp pose it were possible, and set this platform, andaay," Oh, Bride"—&i; beautiful name for ua all In trar capacity—"Oh, Bride of Christ! 1 the Lamb! -there be men and womeni , Soor and in those galleries whb *do pt Jesus. Bride of Christ, what bast say!" Kot only my voioe -and the vmoaji ministers and Christians here, bat tbe " the whole Church of the Living Gad 1 , lifted mono magnificent silvery abbnti building rang," and the whole heaven—this whole Soutbarn ,'Hi tang with one' msgnifioent shout— oome,oome to Jesus! Come away ' You talk about the differences Cbristuns. I'm sorry for some of th thank God, the things wherein we t „ greater than the things wherein we And the whole company of belie vera jqt i hame on earth and in (Hory'unite in Jhir if there's ^ man here who doesn't know-: we have just-one thing to say tb you;r* eome, come to Jesus; come away." 1 God, then's iao shadow of a difference,',, NoWj oome along, you're well invited well invited. - There's nothing has enoh nifioent' backing, both of God Almightyl the beattaings that ever lived, afthe f oall to oome to Jeeus. Nothing, all ' nothing, is so baoked up by the best in the 'nniverse—God and the expe: redeemed men and women in all the's op in heaven. " The Spirit and tl say,'Come."' Han 1 that's all that's&ffi; that's left. A Sarioor has been Come, oome, oome. \- Iiet him that heareth push thia L Tarn round at once, and begin to be aju, yourself among your own set, atuskinji'ix^J text, "Come to Jesns." Not arguing:'! trovertiag, but saying wuely, tend hamansly, with the backing of theJSc^y 4 behind it—"Oome, oome." "Let hm heareth say, 'Oome. 3 " I .tell you, dear and women, it new was i Christians should have a meek mind,lot' fashionlest—do you know what that ' (laughter) — fashion! eas, pithless, oreatures we are. A Christian was be a restless sort of fellow whom the „ can't stand. You ought to roast it out, make it look on you aa it looked better fellows, and called them . p< fellows. These pestilent fellows, « nobody alone, who have turned the upside down, and din, din, din into your this Jesns of theirs, and there'a no name under heaven among men, they' „ you, whereby you may be saved but JenL Ab, yes, that's what the world needs to-diry as well as at Pentecost; Christians who must speak out what is burning in their bones, awl they cannot keep still. Let him that hesretfi accept bis personal responsibility for tty> evangelisation of the world, by taking hlsp' share God has placed him, and say. V.Com Work it out in your daily life without coming a minister; in buying,and selling, i mixing with your fellow- men. Have an ej for Jesus, and a tongue for your bli 1 Master's cause, and He will bleu it. bim that heareth say,'Come.'" Don't it's a feeble thing. Of oourse, it's feeble; through the Holy Ghost it will be divine] •ffiaient. Now, there's your bring oommi sion, work it out. Be a propagandist " Christ. Be restless, pushing, nnaeasiag. "Oome." Say it! God will bless it. He] anxious. There's a big work to do, dear met and women, and there's little time to do it in and the issues tremendous. .Menari dving. Time is Hdl is -fllbngj Chrirtisoomiiig! UjjMdatUJ "IMMJ; tbat haaro^ nr. 4 Oom»."> God wants ^ § ' r ' this bis work to have impressed into it a multitude of simple • hearted, warm - Con^ued evaneehflts. Let him that hai heard with the hearing and the faith turn round and say, "Oome." 