ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. More could not be expected. J. C. Neild has been asking the chief humorist of the Government —Sir George, to wit— whether he could not devise a plan to purify Parliament. The Premier merely frowned down on the " Jawbone," and called him a goat. So that our chief spouter must De Knowu in future as the bearded bi'ayer, and not as the fine light of Parliament. No wonder we are told the printing of bansard costs £16,000 annually. J. C. N. has helped to fatten its pages, and not a man on earth will deny that this sum is well worth the work. It seems that half the " dibs" has gone in " Votes and Proceedings," and as the illustrious J. C. N. has shown his proceedings ou questions of religion to be of a most ruminating kind, Sir George hit the matter properly. The way to purify Par. liamsnt, Mr. Neild, would be this — turn the goats out on a burnt ridge. That may bring them to a proper appreciation of people's feelings and save a lot of the expense that surrounds Hansard . » Now that we have made a pretty decent start in Glen Innes in the thieving and burglary business, I expect we shall be arming our stern protectors also. And this brings us to the suggestion in a Sydney paper that if men were armed with two iron balls securely fastened by greenhide, as a lariat, it would be better than a dangerous pistol, as, if it were throwu at a man's legs it would tangle him up so completely that the most sound-asleep-policernan could haul him dowii in an instant. That's a novel idea, we must admit ; but I'm doubtful whether it would act here, because first we shou'd have to find what sort of a creature our burglar really is — whether male or female, ghost or otherwise. No, . the lariat plan isn't quite tbe thing for this place. What is required is about 24 policemen who can do without sleep. There need be no fear of drowsiness, at all, because we: have developed a new kind of musical box that starts off at nightfall and closes up when the sun begins to rise. For my part, a thought occurs to me that our burglar is the twin ghost of the justly-celebrated Jabez Balfour, a gentleman whom the authorities do not care to arrest because his being lariatted would be the means of tangling up quite a respectable crowd of ladies and gentlemen who have done nothing more discreditable than robbing a number of hanks and ruining not a few people into the bargain. Any man with the Islam sniff of Jabez in. his composition ought not to be sent to prison for making a rapid fortune by theft. Over in Afghan- istau they put such gentlemen in a tank of juniper jiiice, and after the lid has been carefully secured, they start a fire under the concern. In due time Jabez is cooked to rags and his bones are cleaned, polished, and sent to his numerons victims. That plan would do for the professional burglar, and I offer the suggestion for what it is worth. But now every place worth robbing has been fairly well looted we are going to arm the perleece with revolvers. That is the way we invariably do business in this colony. However, better late than not at all. But the question is this, how will the police come out 1 We know that Mr. Burg'ar takes all sorts of fine 'care to get in the first blowj and we also know that he isn't the kind of man to let the police get above him on the score of lead, so he will now be found getting in the first shot, and emptying his chambers into liis natural enemy be fore tbe latter knows where he is, and thus he will enforce the law of selfpreservation, provided the constable don't follow tbe Dutch sentry's plan of shooting his man first aud challenging him after. Glen Iunes has not got to the sqj;ious burglary game- just yet; when it has our defence force should make a note of this advice. -V- The dowu -trodden slaves of the Civil service are coming in for a lot of penalty in the shape of re trenchment and dismissals, and the man that used to find much misery in trying to live on £1000 a year now has to do the same thing on exactly half the amouut. It used to be a popular impression that some ot the Civil gentlemen were nothing more than so many stool covers, and who put in their time snipping pencils, and doing other equally laborious work. This impression has had the staf fing knocked out of it, though, by the representa tive of the Richmond, who is insisting on having half the number dismissed and the other half re duced to poverty .pay and their hoars of toil in creased. It is a matter of great wonder that men of Perry's stamp don't go in for cutting down the patriotic hon. member's six " quid," especially if we _ remember as far as use or ornament goes he is seldom worth that many shillings— not as a legis lator, I mean. The Synod did its work very well at Armidale, so it is said, in eleoting the gentleman from Bal- larat. I am told he is a born orator, which is a bit of good news now that people are excusing their abseuce from church on account of the dry-as-dust sample of preaching encountered. Personally, of course, our new bishop is "unknown to me, for although I have been a regular church attendant for tbe last 50 years I have not had the pleasure of hearing more than one born orator, and he, I am sorry to say, went but of his mind at an early age. You see, gentlemen of the cloth, although invariably earnest, zealous workers in the vineyard of their Master, strike the wrong kind of delivery and the wrong sample of material for this spirited age. In the Elizabethan, age. when the Puritan Fathers used to wear very broad hats over a desperately icy face, the preaching and singing of to-day took well enough, but it wants brushing up and modern ising badly, that is if the church is going to assert, proper influence in the world. One practical kind of minister in Sydney the other day induced some of his flock to remain after the service aud explain why they so seldom came to chureh. The answer was brief and pointed. They said the preaching was not interesting and the singing was distressing. I am afraid there was much truth in the reply as far as many places are concerned, though it would not hold good in Glen Inucs— at least, that is the general opinion. . ' There is some spirit in the active people who. dwell at Stoiieheuge. They intend to fire a rocket right into the camp of the Railway Commissioners, and bring down the scale of freights charged for agricultural produce. There is something very un fair in these freights, and there is little wonder that farmers here have so much idle land. They are too far away from market to do any good for themselves, and the commissioners ought to give them all the encouragement they possibly can by reducing the cost of conveyance of produce. One farmer told me the other day he sent a truck of hay to Sydney, aud when he got his returns he had the extreme felicity to find out that he would hav& been a heap better off if he had first mowed the crop and then set fire to it ! That's a nice bill to. make out against General Eildy and Co., although it doesn't quite come within range of Mr. Clarence River Cato, who ia exhibiting a cheque for Is. Id,, drawn by a Sydney commission firm, as the net re turn for four tons of potatoes ! After that lot, ne doubt Mr. Cato will close the lid down on farming " Murphys," I should think. POLO, 