^MMtttt Let tho Blanderea take ooutfort, ; ? It is only at fruit trees that ..,,;. Thieves throw Stoueb. ' An ; Esperance Snndaygoto meeh'ng farmer that improves the shining hours jjrtmeen -services nunviiftsine orders. -Look but Andrew. Sitting on a railbetweep. .Paradise and Gehenna is daugorons. Yon will be disowned at either door, and left out in the cold. 1 ?..?? The millosvner that pays bis men' starvation, wages, yet can afford to build a fine lionse. Another man f bamming ' on the bad times. . What made (he Huon young man lie down at the front gate and think he was at sea. - Was it' the pork or smoking Charlie's pipe. Why the new bloodof the Victoria tRoad Trust is running in the wrong direction, as Advocates for clearing and grabbing the street near the ohnrcb, instead of spending the surplus, if any, on the back roads which are in a bad state. The .latter would be 'bread and butter' roads. : : Whose big calf it was that Siddy thrashed onihe Tea Tree-roid and made it bellow bah for a week. Uncle srjb it feerves ft1 fight. , -: When that venerable old saint is going to give the half sov. to the Bspewnce Sunday-school. The Esperance Road Trust mem ber that, will bnrn his nose if he continues to sniff ronnd other people's troubles. If all the Jerusalem justices of the peace take T«c Clipper, and how they like it. Who was the M.L.C. that went into a pub in Liverpool-street and aBked for a glass of BoBg's ale while (.he rival representatives of Boag's and the Cascade were present ; and when he could not get it went out with hie tail between bis legs— and without a drink. When the parson is going to get bis girl from the camp. When old broad bone shells out of course. The old fowl that clacks spiteful scandal on Summer Hitl. The name of the gentleman who starved his cow to death at South Glenorcby. Why the parson didn't have his boots cleaned at the golden wedding at Glenorchy, or was the shine taken out of him by the missus's new high heels. The bride was dressed in silver silk, and was closely watched by her hubby (o be, who was as proud as a peacock. The happy pair wore driven to church by a well-known footballer, who looked high. Well done Billy. Gleuorchy's gooso has bean cooked. The warden having given his consent (o an invasion by the S.A. drum. Memory is the granary of the mind, yet a Port Cygnet man trembles at the ghost of a lady's portmonie that he hid in a creek years ago, after being tempted to annex it at a bazaar. There's beauty all around our paths llionght a young man from Mount Pleasant as he wended his way .homewards on the 5th after church. Be careful next time whom you come borne with, my boy. Wha,t is the latest addition to the Western push, a concentration boss, or an under surveyor. Why is mullock bawled in the Western from No. 5 level to the surfaoe, and ground; shot on surface sent down to No. 2. Why the Zaehan fillie was ridden so bad in the Grand National Steeple at Strahan. She shied at a billiard table and came to grief at the first jump. The jock declares he got home, and considers the publican a bad judge. What Zeehan magnate would not dance at Father Murphy's 6ocial with a poor Italian. Why the Bothwell farmer does not cross the ford now ; but is quietly prowling around. Cheer boys, cheer, James can turn the handle. The tuue that the SwanseaCam pania people will crow if they get a good team on the road next year. The swell of a city club that tried to saddle a small boy with a mean theft, of wines. He then yanked the fnnds, and as the ' small boy ' couldn't be held responsible, the clubman, skipped. What induced thoZKEHAN Hekai.u to snap at the Cmiu'ek's heels. Not jealous surely of its large circula tion and popularity. A nice puppy dog trick on a democratic journal that has had to back down a little to Have being crushed by King Fat. The woman of the Upper Huon who frightened the bawker from her door without opening hermouth. He ran right through the district. 'flttiLeZEgHAKHsBAiP^adjttienn^ Isolor 'in itsTuerafy matter as it has recently bad,in .its paper it Iwould b$:;hejpinp tji^.giJiPB^Bi^.r^se up democracy, instead of wasting its space ;pri©b#.^-j^Oftp*i a#.vt. for a conservative Journal I- '????*' Tf tho six aged ewes, seven ewe. Iambs, and the rani are now; thoroughly, cleansed. fronvaU their blemishes a'ndiinpurities since being dipped at the Domain baths last Sunday afternoon. , - ?- When the sky .pilot of Dunally will, visit the poor, instead of catch ing fancy bugs, etc. Hie ought to be satisfied now . he is a fellow Lice Society. . iHow the secretary liked the smBok at the Koonya Road Trust meeting. Tommy you must shut your trap. Too wide, too wide, my boy.;: ? ? '? ? ?' Why the firewood at the Western is handled five times. The quickest walking messenger in the Civil Service. Now then Squatler liven up and let Sir E. B. see you are not so slow after all, remember retrenchment is the order of the day. Why the O. K. of the public bnildings, Murray-street, rushes over his meals. Is he in a hurry to get the, engineer's cap on and pipe in bis mouth and go super intending the works now going on at Franklin Hilt. If Molly's opinion is correct that tali girl 8 don't stand as good . a chance of marriage as their shorter sisters as they require more material to corer the extra length. The wood carter at Bridge water that feeds his old nag on bark and chips. Suppose he'll want a subscription for another soon. Begorra don't let him die yet Tommy. Will the gentleman who was seen for the first time on Saturday evening last with a chimney pot, kindly return to the owner from whom he will receive a re-Buff. I say Arthur, did you note the advertisement in the ' Evening pennyworth ' asking about a hat. If you will kindly put in nearest pillow box it will save confusion. When is the new firm going to start. We believe the hull is finished, 60 that the public will soon have 'gaesdon' the right names. Was the anthem at Melville-street church last Sunday week, a base solo, because the chorus could not be heard. That matrimony is ruining the Melville ? street choir, even the organist is catching the prevailing epidemic. The scriptomaniac ladies that ' take down ' the M.H.A.'s. They ought to know better for it is making the members more watery brained than ever. Pity the feel ings of poar Alfie, not to mention Henry D. If money has been offered to any of the players in the Zeefaan King and Queen football match for premiership and will the associa tion make a thorough investigation. Why the Minister of Lands don't visit the West Coast and do a mile or two on some of the tracks. Mr. Townboardsman Morrisby's opinion on matrimony. Had he taken a dose of Dr. Brown's Elixir of Life previous to going to the last ball. Will the Queen directors insist on the 6urfaco works being cleaned up and left ship shape and the new manager be instructed to knock off all surface works and sink his two main shafts to a distance of at least 100ft. from other level. If Professor Stone attends the Queeu P. A. meeting of shareholders and administers a dose of physic to Brockman, will the patient collapse. Why the Treasurer did not think of placing a tax on bachelors, perambulators, bicycles, and itine rant bible thumpers. Good small fry taxes. Why a certain Legislative Councillor consumes a glass of water about every four minutes. Though the glasses are round, wonder if there is a dash of square in it. Why it was that the North Hobart and Hobart had a drawn game on Saturday. Was it on account of two prominent members having a chat at half time. The big {house that wants a first class cook. Would give 10a to a really good man, and 12s if suited, That many paragraphs are held over to next week. That the charge in accordnnue with Who Can Tell advt, is strictly enforced. 