A New Comedy. . BY SCRIP. The Marquis and the writer determined to paralyse the world with a comedy whose witticisms should throw ' Charley's Aunt ' into the distant background, and cause the cheeks of the ' Private Secretary ' to grow pale with envy. The Marquis said he thought it would be a very paying investment to write a comedy, a really funny comedy. So very few people can write a really funny thing. ' I knew a man,' said he, ' who wrote for a comic paper, and whose soul yearned for a perfectly new and original ioke. Eor years this man delved and searched in the vain and fruitless quest, always hoping against hope, until he grew old and feeble, and the cares of old age and disappointment pressed heavily on his mind. One day he was at a , funerel, an unusually solemn funeral, and just at the most affecting part of the service he burst out into a loud peal of laughter and fell down in a fit.' They carried him home and sent for doctors and, nurses, who tended him for many weary hours until he regained cou sciousness. Calling for pen and paper he recorded his own life and died with a seraphic chuckle on his lips.' We met each day in the wattle grove, afar from the madding crowd, a most suitable spot for the descent of the ' divine afflatus.' We decided to do without the evergreen tailor, who is transported into polite society, and his gaiic/ieries. We scorned the luckless lover and his spoilt pantaloons. We concocted a new and original plot and labelled our masterpiece ' The Anarchist.' The ' dramatis persona; ' proved a bone of contention. The Marquis declared that a lover and a beloved were incompatible ; love and comedy, he said, wouldn't mix. I disagreed. Love and comedy are in separable. Love is everywhere' and all powerful. I am in love myself. I told the Marquis a story about a dear little girl who was in love with a Chinaman, and a nice young fellow in a bank who was in love with the dear little girl. Al though the Chinaman in question was a highly respectable Celestial and sole pro prietor of a large vegetable farm, the girl's parents with all the blind unreasoning idiotcy of parents in general, insisted upon her marrying the nice young fellow in a bank. The dear little girl, who was hieh spirited in the extreme, rebelled against parental tyranny, and, maddened by'such cruel treatment, ran off and married a coolie hawker, a most immoral and depraved man. The Chinaman committed suicide, the nice young fellow in a bank went on an extended trip to the Argentine, while the dear little girl died broken-hearted after giving birth to a half-cast boy with almond eyes and a decidedly bank clerk nose. So was the sorrows and griefs of three luckless mortals perpetuated. The Marquis said he didn't care if we did have a love plot, what he objected to most was an Irish butler. He said he had seen several thousand comedies, but never one without an Irish butler. He couldn't sec anthing peculiarly funny about Irish bulls ; the f\ct of a fat headed Irishman making blunders didn't amuse him in the least. He had an original idea — let us have a funny villain. A villain who can pun and ker urse in the same breath, a villain who kisses his mother- in-law in mistake for the cook, an original villain, in fact. The Marquis asked me what I thought of that. Well, the idea is original, certainly. Who ever heard of a funny villain ? Whv.it is almost as original as the villian in a novel or play coming out ' top dog.' There was a man once who was a money lending villain, one of those human curses who prey upon their fellow men, leading their unfortunate victims on to ruin and suicide, human wolves and scavengers, who trade in sorrow. One of this villain's many dupes was a young man, the husband o'f a very pretty wife, and as mercilessly tortured as the damned. When the day came, and the bailiffs swooped down upon the unfortunate's little all, they found the house in a state of the direst poverty, the young wife lying dead— starved, to be plain— coveied wi'th a sheet, and a gaunt mad-eyed man sitting guarding the body. 'Take it all,' he cried wilh a bitter laugh. ' Take her, she's dead now, poor girl; we've starved and tried to pay; now it is all over.' The haggnrd wretch followed the pauper funeral, standing dazed and dry-eyed as the earth was shovelled on to the coffin. When the grave diggers went they left him stan ding over the grave, and one of them on looking back from the gate saw him kneeling with bare head and upraised hand, raving like some wild animal. Not long afterwards quite a commotion was raised in a street, when one dark night a policeman came upon two figures lying in the gutter. Their attitude represented a struggle, and the bobby was horrified to find the fingers of a dead man clasped round the throat of one who was insensible from strangulation. The insensible man was restored to health again ; he was the villain. The dead man smiled up to heaven ; he was the unfortunate. In real life the villain seldom is punished. A man who has sense enough to be a thorough villain is generally astute enough to take care of himself. The Marquis suggested a drunken villain. He said he thought he could knock some fun out of a satanic individual reeling about the stage and invoking the demons ol revenge with a hiccupy whiskey-laden breath. Although some prudes would be sure to object to the bad moral tone of such a character, still it would go down in the pit. And by way of a trial the Marquis related the story of his first drunk. ' You see,' he said, ' J never was really howling drunk before. I'd been jolly, but nothing more. It was the night of the I'itz flukes' ball, and little Lill Stubbs made me most frantically jealous by dancing an outrageous number of dances with* that inane ass, Ue Mongrels. To show how little I cared, I affected a daring and reckless joviality and wired into the 'fizz' like one o'clock. I never meant to get as bad as f did; you see I only meant to drown my jealousy, but somehow or other I over did it, and soon found myself in an amnz ingly happy frame of mind. 1 can remember tumbling down eight times in the last set of lancers, challenging all the inmates of the supper room to instant and mortal combat, and afterwards reeling home to bed. Oh, ye gods! what a mistake I made in lying down. No sooner was I on my bed than I imagined myself at sea, in a most furious tempest ; the bed rocked like the ' cradle of the deep ' driven by steam power. I can remember going outside in a hurry and registering most solemn vo-»s of total abstinence for the rest of my born days. After an hour's brisk vomiting I crawled back to bed, to die as I thought ; I went to sleep and dreamt I was an active volcano.' The Marquis, I am sorry to say, has not been as faithful to the vow; of that fateful night, as he might have bee i. I often wonder how it i» , that while most women will laugh at the vagaries of a drunken man on the stage, yet if they meet an elevated individual in the street in broad daylight, they carefully cross over to the other side and try to sneak past unnoticed. I told the Marquis a story of an habitual drunkard who was sent to a dipsomaniacal asylum in the hopes of his. being cured.. Much to his delight and surprise, they shut him up in a cell and gave him an unlimited supply of brandy and water. For a while he had a great time and lived in one continuous state of glorious drunk, until the brandy be came unpalatable and he longed for a change of beverage. In vain he asked for beer, or wine, or tea, or even plain water, anything in fact but brandy j he was sick of brandy. Me begged, he implored, but all in vain ; nothing eLe was given him. Then lie took to writing long- and very abusive ' letters to the authorities and the Queen, de manding as the right of an Englishman and a loyal subject, a change of liquor. Finally, in desperation, he determined to starve him self himself to death ; so for several days he left his brandy and water untouched and assumed an air of pious and chaste resigna tion. Then the hearts of the attendants relaxed and they supplied him with milk. How inscrutable are the ways ;of Providence! From that hour the former,: alcohol slave became a milk slave; all dayjirid'every day he wanders from one milk stall to another consuming innumerable pints of this delicious beverage, going home at night to chew the cud of utter contentment. This led on to the subject of miraculous cures. My life has been spent in one fruit less quest for a man who hasn't got a specific for the influenza. Jones will tell you that, on the appearances of the premonitory symptoms ot that fell complaint, you should drink off two milts of the strongest rum, and go to bed. The latter part of Jones' remedy is undoubtedly well advised, for it would never do to go about after indulging in such heroic treatment ; it is very awkward to have the D.T.'s in the street. Just as Jones has taken his leave, Brown will drop in and enquire what is the matter. You tell him, and mention that you intend following Jones' system of treatment. 'Well, of all the empty- headed asses,' says Brown, ' commend me to that Jones. Why, man, it would be fatal in your case to take any stimulants. Just you send round to the chemist's for a bottle of ipecuanha ivineanda dozen sedlitz powders. Take a wine glass full of the ipecacuanha and three of the powders every hour, and you will be as right as a trivet in the morning. I would casually mention to the reader that, before taking Brown's remedies, he or she would do well to take measures tor the effect of these potions, as I can candidly affirm from personal experience that the results are both startling and vigorous. Various other friends will drop in and make mention of marvellous remedies of which they alone know the secret. They will tenderly enquire if you have pains and aches all over you. It is pretty safe to say you have. When a hypochondriacal friend of mine has exhausted all the list of ills that flesh is heir to, he falls back on the good old complaint of pains and aches all over him. It is such a nice and general complaint and saves the bother of local definitions. Take my advice and send for a doctor who will either kill the influenza bacillus that has laid siege to your body, or kill you, which is much the same thing in the long run, for if you triumph over the disease it will only be to eke out the rest of your days in penury and the payment of his'infernal bill. The reader is perhaps unaware that he is suffering from acute dyspepsia. If you doubt it, procure a medical pamphlet and carefully lead up the symptoms of that inflic tion. Now, don't you sometimes have a bitter taste in your mouth? Aren't you often irrit able? Can't you feel a dull leaden feeling over the region of the heart ? Doesn't the dread of some awful calamity hang ceaslcssly o%fer you? Do you mean to tell me that you never sec double ? There you are ! Your days are numbered ; make your will, and dri k a quart of St. Jeremy's Hair Lotion every day, or you are a dead man. How many unfortunate mortals are afflicted with ' that tired feeling.' I often have it myself when returning from a bacchanalian orgie at my club, and fain am I compelled to sit in the gutter and await the moment when it shall have left my legs. Poor legs, they become too weak to support the enor mous weight of my body, and completely give way. Kevenons a nos moutoiis. The Marquis said he was delighted with the originality of our villain, who was sure to be a pronounced success. The ordinary stage type was so confoundedly gloomy. Speaking for him self he had a horror of all gloomy persons. They had a chilling effect upon all around them. Let us have a jovial drunken, reck less villain, a dipsomaniacal Machiavelli of an entirely new and original pattern. He thought it would be rather a good plan to patent him in case of accidents. Yet there is something that makes the gloomy and supernatural very enticing to the popular mind. Give to the most ordinary and commonplace incident a touch of mystery, and you at once make it in teresting. When a murder is committed, and the details are published in the news papers, the interest that it created, in the minds of most men, is not due to any (let .il of the crime but most probably to the un certainty of who the murderer really is. For man is ever longing to peer into the un known ; there is a charm about the very word supernatural. The old alchemist who toiled away his life in his endless search for the aqua viiiv, was spurred on in his weary quest not so much, I think, with the idea of prolonging his own years, but in the hope of rendering himself greater than all others — supernatural, in fact. Those countless in quisitive asses who sit solemnly round a table in a darkened room, waiting for a stray spook to come and waggle the leg thereof, are magnificent specimens of the genus mystery-lover. The man who has *seen a ghost, the man who has presentiments, the afflicted nephew who saw Aunt Seraphina's shade the night she died at the other end of the world, the professional gruesome story liar, are all dealers in mystery, and derive their chief amusement from the super natural. What a creepy feeling comes over us as we listen to the blood-curdling tricks of ghosts. When we gather round the fire to hear Binks' celebrated spook yarns, how unconsciously do we draw our chairs nearer together and cuddle up closer— to the nearest pretty girl. The niost disgusting part of Kinks' ghost stories is the ending. After detailing to his hearers how sepulchral groans and the clanking of heavy chains are heard in tec great gloomy corridor; how mighty doors arc thrown open by invisible hands, and gusts of icy wind tear wailing down the vaulted chamber ; how strangers put to sleep in the haunted room wake up ravine mad, and declare that what they have seen i« too terrible to mention ; after telling you all this, he winds up l,y unmasking the ghost and proving it to be a rat. Tf you ask him how the rat managed the groans, and the icy blasts of wind, he will call you a fool, and tell everybody you are nothing better than an ignoramus. Jones once told Marquis and me a most wonderful experience of his. He said : ' Once I lay ill of a fever, and during my delirium I saw always before me two faces. One was the face of a man, with long gaunt hair streaming wildly around his head, and eyes of a blood-red hue ; the mouth wore a fearful smile and through the part lips could be seen onu long tooth' which shone with a dazzling whitencs and seemed to burn into my very brain. For days and days this thing used to gaze down upon me, always wearing the same smile, until I wondered how he|could go so long withoutsleep. Sud denly the face would disappear and in its place was the head of a black retriever dog. Such a dear old dogthat he was, with his mild trustful brown 'eyes; watching me with a most patient expression, seeming far .nore human than the face of the man. Oh, how I grew to love that animal and to long f- r the time when he should come and relieve the man's face. The last time he came, it seemed as though hi? eyes wore a sadder lock in their clear depths, and some thing seemed to tell me that I should never see him again. What misery and anguish this thought gave me I cannot tell. I re iolvcd in my mind that I would never part with my dumb friend. I managed to crawl to thc^ foot of the bed where lie lay, and -laapcci his head in my arms, hugged it tight to my breast, laying his soft woolly fur igainst my cheek. Then I heard two sounds coming towards me from a distance. Din was the sound of a most sweet and .nelodious organ, the other was a roar' as of tho advance of tea thousand mighty tempests. On, on they came, louder and louder, until the very room trembled and the drums of my ears seemed bursting, and then all was blank. When my nurse returned from making my fifty-seventh mustard plaster she found me lying stone dead at the foot of the bed, holding clasped in my arms an old boot.' There was a full minute's 'silence after Jones' story was finished when the Marquis flicked his toothpick and said : ' Well Jones, you are a liar.' But this is nothing to sonic of Jones' anecdotes. I can remember a rather good practical joke we worked off upon him, and one which he afterwards declared he worked upon us. 