Tourist. THE TERRIBLE BLA.CK DEATH. [ . PEANK G. CABPBNTEE. The black death broke oat in Canton dur ing the last week in February last and for a time the average of those who died from it was about two hundre i per day. The aver age steadily increased, until in March aud April it was five hundred per day, and the mor tality at the present time is very large. It is said that the Pearl-river, which flows past the city, and upon which hundreds of thous ands of people live, contains many floating bodies, and that the undertakers are unable to make coffins enough to snpply the demand. In ordinary times the Chinese spend large sums upon their funerals and they are more particular as to the styles of their burial cas kets than they are to those of. their wedding beds. Coffins cost all the way from a few dollars up to thousands of dollars, and it is not an uncommon thing for a man to buy a coffin and keep it in his house for years, so as to have a first-class article on hand when he dies. Children often make their parents presents of coffins, and they have their mutual coffin supply association, somewhat like our building and loan associations, or like our mutual life insurance societies. Every member of such an association gets a coffin and burial clothes when he dies, and the not having these is considered a greater calamity than death itself. To-day the dead in Canton are carted oat and disposed of in all sorts of ways, and the greatest trouble is found in getting rid of them. Often the pallbearers who are paid to carry the coffins to the grave are stricken with the dread dis ease on the way, and of the four who start out with the body only one or two re turn. ^ Many of the dead at Canton have not a burial plot and their coffins are left on the top of the ground. This, in the case of such an infectious disease as the black plague, cannot but be of great danger to the rest of the people, and the plague is said to be steadily spreading over the surrounding country. Some of the coffins are hermetically sealed by varnishing them again and again with a sort of vacquer varnish, and as the wood is often four inches thick, in ordinary timed they do not cause much trouble from their offensive smell. Now. however, the haste with which the dead are disposed of does not admit of such- treatment, and the very air about Canton is laden with the ppstilence. The, richer Chinese of the city have been doing what they could to relieve the distress, and there axe a number of charitable associations which are aiding iu disposing: of the dead. At one dispensary alone two thousand coffins have been given away, and it is estimated that up to this time 8ixty thousand coffins have been furnished by such associations. j The -sanitary board of Hoi>g Kong visited ^ the plague-stricken parts of Canton some weeks ago and made a report on the disease and its symptoms. It comes upon one with out warning in the shape of a fever, which raises the temperature of the patient in a short time to 105 degrees and upward. There is no chill and no other premonitory symp tom?. The patient has a severe headache, and he shows signs of stupor. After twelve hours the glands of the neck, the armpits or the groin begin to swell, and they soon be come as big as a hen's egg. These swellings are hard and exceedingly tender, but they do not suppurate. In some cases a vomiting of blood occurs, and within a few Hours the man dies. Some few recover after having been attacked, and if they can keep them selves alive for more than six days after their exposure there is a chance for them. The disease seems to be very infectious, and in those quarters where it is raging it has more than decimate ! the population. In one nTna.ll street the aanitiry board of Hong Kong found thirty deaths, and in another <oat of 170 people only forty hare survived. At one of the gates of Canton a man took a box reoently and dropped a cash into it every time a coffin was carried out. At i o'clock in the afternoon he counted the cash and found he had 170 in the box. The disease i« very sudden in its attacks, and the only safety from it seems to be to get out of its range. For weeks the.people have been flying from Canton, and a letter which I saw recently states that every house seems to have its dead. Recently a thief entered a house in which the whole family had died of the'plague, expecting to have an easy haul. He was stricken while in the act of robbing the dead, and a day or two later, his body, with the booty upon it, was found lying in the house. A curious thing about the plague is that it aflfacts some kinds of animals as well as men, and in Canton it attacked the rats of the city first. Dead rats were found in the drains of the infected quarters, and the rats ran from such places almost as fast as the human species. In every house where dead rats were f jund it was seen that the people had taken the black plague, and the sign of a dead rat will now cause a family to fly The Hong Kong doctors at first said that the disease was not of a parasitic nature, and that it could not be carried to any great dis tance ; but this is thought by many to be a mistake, and it is now said that its germs can be transported in clothing and in other ways, and tHe Japan Mail is advising the most rigid sanitary precautions against all of the Hong Kong steamers. In one editorial it asserts that even a shot-gun quarantine would be justifiable against it, and when it is remembered that every ten days a big steamship from Hong Kong lands at San Francisco and Vancouver it would seem ad visable that the greatest care be taken to keep it out of America It is thought here that the disease cannot get a firm hold of any quarter which has good sanitary arrange- # ments, and so far, I believe, only Asiatics hav« been afflicted with it. It has attacked Hong Kong, and on the 15th of May thirty four deaths were then reported. The fact that the plague exists in Canton makes its danger greater than it would be had it broken out in any other city of China.,, Canton of Hie metropolis of the empire. _ It is the biggest of the Chinese business cities, \ and it contains somethiog like 3,000,000 ] people. Its boat population is said to nnm- ; ber more than 300,000, and as many people < as you "will find in Washington, Cleveland, Buffalo, or Omciunati are born, live and die upon its waters. .Its people are the brightest | in China, and they are the best traders and ^ the best workers among the celestials. Tbey will command higher wages than the Chinese ' from any other cities, and you will find Can- 1 ton men engaged in business all over China. 1 I met them in Hankow. I found them on the busiest streets of Chinkiang and Nanking, and here in Peking they own some of the best property, and are engaged in all sorts of un dertakings. A great part .of our imports come from Canton, and the credit of the big Cantonese merchants is as good as that of the most solid merchants in the banks of London. -It is a city of millionaires and paupers, and itfeontains the richest and the poorest of the Chinese. When I visited it not long ago I was entertained by the Jay Gould of China, a man named How Q,ua, who is said to be worth his tens of millions, and in riding up to Canton on the steamer I saw a hungry eyed boatman greedily grab at a dead rat which was thrown him from our ship, and which I do not doubt furnished the piece de resistance for his family dinner. It is from the Cantonese province that the most of the Chinese in America come, and its people are noted for their turbulence as "well as iheir skillful hands and their sharp business brains. The diet of the laboring classes consists of salt fish, vegetables and rice, and if they can add to thia meat three, or four times a year they deem themselves happy. It is not un common to find 100 people living in a little nest of a dozen one-story houses, and rents per family range from 8s. a year and upward. Canton is the only city I have vifitet where I have found cat and dog restaurants, and it is the only city where I have seen dried rats exposed for sale in many quarters. I priced some of these rats and was charged five cents for the one I bought' It could not have weighed more than eight ounces, and 1 sup pose I paid double price for it. At one of the dog restaurants 1 treated a lot of coolies to a stew of black dog's flesh, and the price for it was tea cents a plate. I could have gotten a stew of yellow dog for less, but when «>ne gives a treat, even in China, he ought to buy the b st. Black dog's meat is worth twice the price of that of the yellow canine. It is cooked with a tuft of hair left on the end of the tail to show the color of the dog, and it looks, when in the pot, much like the flesh of a sucking pig. The dog is killed and the hair is taken off as we take the bristles off a pig, and when stewed it is cut into small pieces. At this same place I saw cat meat cooking, and there were cafe in cages awaiting the orders of customers. Cat meat is higher priced than dog or rat meat, and the tabbies are killed only upon order. The people whom I saw at such restaurants, however, were those only of the poorer classes and there are in Canton as costly res taurants as you will find anywhere in the world. > The black plague on account of the poor diet of the people and their poverty, will last longer in Canton than it would in any other city. There are practically no facilities for taking care of the sick, and Chinese medicine is worse than no mediciae. The missionary hospital will do much. It is one of the best hospitals m the east,.and it does a great deal of good. The chief Chinese charitable insti tutions of Canton are a blind asylum, from which blind beggars go out day after day over the city; a foundling asylum, supported out of the salt tax; and a leper asylum. This last is in a banyan grove two miles from the gate of the city. It contains about 500 inmates, and more horrible creatures do not exist on the face of the earth There are more lepers in Canton than can be accommodated in the asylum, and there are leper boats filled with these people, who scull or row their boats among the other craft on the river begging. There are no more superstitious people than the Chinese, and such an occasion as this brings out all of the witches and sooth sayers. I hear that the streets of Canton are now filled with priests exercising the devils of the plague and that people fco through the city in bands beatihg gongs and drums to drive the demons away. At the head of one band was a boy who had on1 a hideous dragon mask, and the dragon boats which are kept for the annual dragon boat festival have been brought out. All sorts of praying goes on before the different josses and the aucestral tablets, and every one connectei with the burial of the dead is making money. A large class of merchants sell nothing but silver and gold paper, which is bought by the families of the dead and is burned by them over their graves, with the idea that this will supply them with funds for their travels in the next world. Paper and wooden cows and horses are manufac tured to be burned in the same way, and the dealers in white goods will be getting rich. White is the color of" mourning in China, and the family when they repair to the cemetery wear clothes of white tied on with coarse rope. They leave food at the Krave and generally send an extra suit of paper clothes along to keep the corpse warm when it bejomes a ghost. 