PMD IN FULL. , .CHAPTER XIII. The dmrffer on board the Cambria was a veryhbrried meat that evening. The landing-stage was not far distant,, and every one seemed too excited to remain still even for a. few minutes. To Marion, however, "the bustle was rather a welcome relief, since it distractcd the attention of her neighbour Mr. Sharpe altogether; and, feeling for the first time for many days a desire for food, she was able to comply with her father's hasty directions to eat a good meal. Long before the ship stopped at the quay, .the shades ot night had fallen. It had been expected that the Cambria ^ Would teach New York at least six hours earlier, but something going wrung with one of the engines, the speed had been considerably reduced during the last day. In -any circumstances a new comer's arrival in a strange city is a bewildering matter; but, when the absence of day light renders everything more or loss obscure despite the glare of gas, the con fusion is increased tenfold. Pushed hither and tbither by the throng of ?gesticulating excited people thtt surged on deck immediately the vessel stopped, for once Marion; felt positively thankful fior the sight of her father elbowing his way. through the crowd towards her. On :6rtiry (sideWere voluble loud-voiced Americans greeting their friends and in ?dulgfagfreajc Hi the national method of working off their abundant energy; . ffhijft jtp | j qjld. i (to \ the confusion, the chattering coloured porters appeared beat upon, quarrelling and struggling ovtr-4fckdh' beplbiti bundle 'of rags upon which they laid their officious hands. ?,, J tbm, Marion,' her father said, in dictatorial stern tones, ' keep your head andicopiewith me.' " *Whilt are ybii gtiing to do now?" she $psped, .clinging to his arm and stumbling, "dvtt'thle and packages that lay in every direction. . . <'}15elV Iaupjkise tshall have to take you to an hotel,' he replied peevishly, fwHhen cqrne -bade and see to the luggage. Or-stay 1 iSupppwwju goron with Sharppf-he ;i^ gbu^'wpS up at ihesame place; then I canlook after, the things pow,' 1 -F 'gfepnoiito} Mtnet^I- cbuld not go with him-indeed I could not 1' the girl tt^iQ&inlfeatfdifkay.i; . Herbert Ferrol merely wished to tease jhjS'Vdag^iter^ ,,jbut Jaatfon . fouftd' .it. J '? rattier a comfort that he did riot try to enforce his, wi?lies. ; Perh^p?, after *11, iWtti^.twot p^ove'So hud to deal with as she feared. . So you don't admire Sharpe,"eh?' he asked, with a hard smile. ' Admire him 11 think he is detestable £3BBf?SS7 ~ * Well, he's not {good /orra, .certainly,' * Ferrol replied, with i* **shrdfe eft the \- jSttbldCTs; but he has^Dtth -useful to me, anJwill be so still, I expect.' 'But are we not going to part with ' """^l adri't know j that depends,'' her W&f; 4 jtfi/n&fl;! nbt? make yourself uncomfortable, my dear. jfe^h^^Wll^top very. feBhort cfou r ^rfot Another word was spoken between them until the 'hired vehicle in which 0ey, were seated1 stopped at the hotel. want anything more to eat i^jig^t,?' Fprrol demanded. Receiving (jn/apswer in jthe negative, he continued: ' AlPthe better; you can go straight to ypiir Tpotp and leavenie at liberty. We ^t atejght,to,niorrow morning; so : don't oversleep yourself acain,' please.' ' Where dp: wp , go next ?' the be wijdere^jjirl^dted. , * "(Mt^i^MVbe bbthered answering questions!'Ferrol replied crossly. 'Vou'll tppwjtpjmciTpjv n)orning, »nd that will be p1entyscl,umiBv-, , . .Following her father into the hotel, Manim.waited patiently until he had tnadeihis'Sn^blries of the hotel clerk; and then, ushered by a coloured servant with a"viiityiblbck hut smiling counten ance into the lift, or 'elevator,' as he called it, ' they' mounted storey after storey until on the fifth she was shown iiito a pl^l^&WishEd; small bejfaooin. 'Npw^ said her ja^er, stopping on the Arc&ffld;, had better go to bed; and^firid' y.dti ftay here until I send for you to-mbrrotf fiiorning.' 'Good fti&htT;^M&Yfon; murmured, ate 'Good night,' father; I feel very lonely in'this 'strange land.'.. 'Oh,igopdmighty he replied, clasping her hand coldly; and then, without a tingle wtWd bf tomfort, he turned and left her., With a heavy sigh she walked into the foom andit frfund the negro hanging towels upon the rails. .; '' pegepfitman's room is next, missie^' tie expMnecI, grinning from ear to ear. *|f youiWflnt anyting, you must ring de bell, and I'll come.' The chambermaid will bring me all I.require^iisuppose?' Marion said. \- ' Dat's Me, missie. I attend to dese rooms ; "an1, when de genelman comes back, I'll liring you your luggage straight away. If you want to write, missie, derc's paper and ink; de mail goes out in a few hours.' ? ? Acting on the friendly coloured man's suggestion, Marion sat down at once to tellner aunt of her safe arrival; but the letter was a difficult one to write, aud the girl could riot help thinking that, as things had turned out, it was a fortunate circumstance that her . protracted attack of sickness would do away with the necessity of describing the life on ship board. She ha^firmly resolved in her ofm mind that so far as possible she ' would spare her aunt anxiety on her account, and, however great her need of sympathy, she wae determined to lose the comfort of it herself father than cause that loving heart one extra ptog. She had hardly closed the envelope when, with afewty knock at the door, the j man entered again, bringing with liim her | travelling portmanteau /ind bundle of rugs, and also a large tumWflr filled with a foaming refreshing-looking liquid in which floated little blocks of ice. ' I've brought you a lemon squash, missie; you look as if it would freshen you up a bit. I'll put it here-see. And now gib me de letter and I'll post it straight away." " Opening her purse to find money for a stamp and also for. a coin to mark her appreciation of the man's thoughtfulness, some advice of Humphrey Marchmonl's came into Marion's :mind. On leaving London, I^ady Montcith had given her a fifty-pound note, that she might not be without means of her own in case of need. Humphrey Marchmont had earnestly advised her to change this note for American money on arriving in New York ; and he had also urged her most strongly not to let her father know that her aunt had given her more than a few loose sovereigns, with which she was to defray the litlle private expenses of her journey. It occurred to Mbrion at oncc that, since they were to start so early in the morning, this might be her only opportunity of changing this note without her father's knowledge. The man opened his beady black eyes wide when the girl explained the diffi culty she was in; and it was fortunate for her that he happened to be an un usually honest as. well as a cheery kindly creature. He at once undertook to execute the commission for her; but, when he returned with a little pile of notes and dollars in his hands, he said "Missie miist take care; it won't do to go trustin' ebery coloiired man wid fifty-pound notes-no, nor white ones eider, for de matter of dat. Now, missie, you go straight away to your bed ; it's dose on 'leveu o'clock. Don't you fear to go to sleep sound:; I'll wake you in de ir.ornin'!' , ! With a grateful staile Marion spoke herthanks. At once the thick lips parted in sympathy, disclosing two rows of start lingly white even teeth. 'Dat's right, missje,' the man said; 'dat 'ere lemon squksh has pulled you round fust-rate 1 Good night to you missie; I hope you will get a tine rpst I ? J danesayyoujfeela bit lonesome andhome-sick-most do de first night; but morrow morning you'll be real spry you see' if ydtt ain't I'-j-and with a cheer ful, nod the man l^ft the room, and MoHon proceeded to j take off her things and prepare "for her bdd. To the foijlorti girl! the sympathy and kindness even of a negro servant were .inexpressibly comforting; and, when Marion laid her foeaji upon the pillow that night, her heart was lighter than it had 'been since she left her home. With1 a murmured prayer fair her two dear ones, she clossA her weary eyes, and in a few minutes she had forgotten her troubles and passed into the land of happy dreams. For two hours she slept peacefully, and then she was suddenly awakened. Outiftdfc her door were ,#6ices; ajid ihe Murfti'of stumbling footsteps. In great alarm, her heart beating wildty, she sprang from her bed and listened. She recog nised the colouredman's tones at once; but the other voice was hoarse, and the \tipr<!h were Utterly Unintelligible to her. 'Now, den, sah, the man panted breathlessly,' we've done de stairs. Don't make no mow noise dan you can help ; missie she looked regler wearied out! Here-you catch hold of de rails, and lerame get my shoulder under yours; den I'll habyouinin double-quick time. In answer to.this there was a loud but unintelligible murmur, and, with her ear at the keyhole, Marion heard the man whisper, in a perfectly audible tone 'Here, you be qfiiet, will you, sah ? You'll . frighten missje. Don t let her know you're bad-I'll fix you up all right -and she don't look used to rough ways. Come-you leave go of dat now, and hold on to me. Dere's only a few steps more.' There was ajnother scuffle, and then the negro said, in an aggrieved manner ' Ah, you're turnin' nasty, are you sah ? You must be a fool to try to hit your best friend. Lucky for me you didn't strike out straight dat lime, any way 1 Come on, do, and lemme get a wet towl round your head straight away; you'll be a lot better for it!' . ; Shaking with cold and. nervousness, Marion listened intently, and then,. to her hcrror, she heard the door next to her own opened, and immediately after, though the thin pavilion wall which separated her from the adjoining apart ment, she recognised the coloured.jnan's muffled tones and the liarsh hoarse rejoinders of his companion.. With a stifled cry she lighted her gas and com menced dressing hastily. It was her father then that the negro was assisting! He was ill, evidently, and in that ease her place was by his side I Thrusting her bare feet into her slip pers and wrapping her dressing-gown about. her, with her fair hair floating round her shoulders in picturosque dis order, without a moment's hesitation she unlocked her door, and quaking with fear, pushed opened her father's, which had been but partially closed, and entered the room. Neither of its occu pants heard her noiseless step, and for a minute she stood and watched them in a paroxysm of apprehension. Her father lay back in a wicker loung ing chair while the negro bathed his head and face; rain had evidently fallen, his clothes were covered with mud, and the white front of his shirt was crumplcdand disordered. His eyes were closed and his thick gray hair lay in dank wet wisps upon his forehead, while his face will) its death-like ghastly pallor would have been sufficiently alarming without the deep cut on one cheek from which blood trickled slowly down to the closely trimmed beard. With eyes dilated with fear, the frightened girl crossed the room and laid her hand on the negro's u.rpx' With a violent start he turned. / ' Heaven ha' mercy on mc (' lie cried, ' It's you, missie, is it ? I thought i( was a ghost in dat long white wrapper. Get back to your room straight away now do ! De genelmnn's been a bit I faint, b,yt he's comin' round now nicely.' I ' But, if he's ill, I should like to help I you. Oh, do lei iuc djy " 1 But I won't!' persisted the man, gently pushing her towards the door. ' Vou can't do no good - you'll only hinder me ; and you are paler dan he is. It's de sight of de blood dat's turned you ; dat will stop in a minute !' ' Look, look,' interrupted the girl 'he is opening his eyes!' And then, with a stilled shriek of terror, she fell back and leaned gasping against the wall, while the negro interposed his strong person between her and the maddened wretch who stood glaring wildly at her with fiercely-burning eyes. ' It's you, is it ?' Ferrol muttered hoarsely. ' So you're come back again, after all these years, to taunt and re proach me ? You were always too good for me, weren't you ? Well, you shouldn't have tricked me into marrying you then. Go back to your dear sister Alice, and show her that bruise I gave you yester day. If you stay here any longer with your white face and staring eyes, there'll he a bigger and blacker one, I can tell you !'-and with an awful imprecation and clcnchcd fist, Ferrol advanced towards the horrified girl; but ere he had taken two steps, the negro flung himself upon him. ' Get out of de room, missie!' he cried, struggling with his prisoner. ' Go 'way, and I'll come to you in a minute !' Faint with terror, Marion dragged her self aldngthe passage, arid, gaining her own apartment, locked the door and fell into a chair which stood close to it. For ten minutej she sat there Jistenihg with blanched cheeks to the muffled sounds which came to her from the next room; and then these died away and iwpfe, ,«ucceed$<i J>y a heavy unnatural silence.' Presently she heard the negro's stealthy knock at her door. Opening it at once, she placed her trembling hand on his sleeve. ' What is it ?' she gasped. ' Has he gone mad ? Oh, for pity's sake, tell me what it is I' 'Coine, come, missie,' the man said gently,' you mustn't take on now ! De genelman'll be all right in de mornin', you'll see. You shouldn't have come in, you know. At such times some folks turn on dose dey love best. He didn't know you-you saw dat-he took you for some one else, I 'spect -some one he knew years ago. He's no inore tnad dan you or I, bless you i but he's taken a drop too much, dat's all, ana it's made' him a bit i-erce ! You take my advice, missie; don't you 'tempt to interfere with a tipsy man-you tat him be till he's slept it off. Your fader's sound oflf n6w; and you'll see He'll be as much $e genelman as ever when he wakes. Now you turn in 'gain; you've got four hours yet before you need get up. You needn't be afraid ob him; I've turn de key on | him!' | The man's footsteps died away, and then, with a piteous cry, the girl sank in aiheapton tho floor. r ' On, mother!' she moaned. ' My poor mother! Heaven help me-oh, heaven help me!' And thus Marion Ferrol passed her first night in a strange country. 