CURRENT TOPICS. In the early days of the new year it is vexing to note that there is no promise of a change for the better in the manners and customs of the trami. It is not of their smoke wo would speak 'now— not of their noise, nor yet of their liberal distribution of urease in the citv streets. All theso things must onaure till tho end of steam traoiion in the streets arrives. The tickets and the frequent lack of them constitute the great present annoyance. Lack of penco has from time immemorial been a cause of vexatiou to public men — and others. But on our Sydney trams a man may have all the penoe the occasion requires, and still be mulcted in penalties for lack of something else. Not decency of manner, be it obsorved — we would fine many a tram traveller for de ficiency iu that sort. But tickets. No tram conductor may sell you a ticket, nor may he take your coin of the realm as equivalent for full ticket value. He will discount it, howovor, for a trifle under its face value, Fourpeuce or fivepence, say, for a threepenny trip, and about eightpenco for sixpence. . It'wo'uld not matter so much if there wero all along tho lines convenient depts'for the sale of tickets, but tho per centages allowed are so small that shop keepers do not caro about them. A -. tram,, ticket cannot be purchased in . or about Bondi, The ' unprovided traveller- getting in thero is absolutely at .the conductor's mercy. He may make a wild; dash during a temporary halt at 4Vaverley,)ut if he is wise he will ikeep his seat and ' lose his ha'pence. Ho ought iiuis iu luho tiiciii nu Ulq ftii ugr66U on that. The conductor might, could and should, be able to perform all his other duties and' still sell tickets,-, give change, and keep a clear head and a civil tongue: The 'bus- driver manages it, and his duties are far more onerous. Tho American takes his fare and punohes his slips, according to Mark Twain's old charge — Conductor, wbonover you tako a faro Bunch in the presence of the passengare. But here the conductor's imagined infirmi ties have been made an. excuse for levying an unjust, tribute on the public. And,: worthy Commissioners, profoundly as we esteem you, and earnestly as we appreciate you in: the broad and general conduct of your business, we: must ask for. a little amendment and relief just here, , ' ' ' \\\ ' ' The now Randwick tollnar is atill in exist ence, though loud and earnest have been the denunciations made against it. Mr. Eddy, Chief Commissioner of Tramsds of Railways, declares' that it is positively dan gerous, and will eventually cause damage to life or limb. Mr. Crick gets over it, or through it, somewhat in Dick Turpin fashion, and declares that many milder men than ho is take a similar course, Mr. Storey declares that nine- tenths , of the ratepayers of Randwick are against the action of tho; Randwick Council in erecting the now tollbar, and 'tis quito safe. to assert that, nine-tenths of the whole community regard ' the thing as a nuisance,., an unreasonable obstruction, an utter abomination. Mr. L armour, of Coogee, and Mr. Payten, Mr. Oliffb and others cry out like the old money-spinners of Athens against the thing, but tho council of Randwick, having committed or compro mised themtolves in the matter, seo no way out. They , have borrowed on tho toll revenues, the new route by way of the Centennial Park ronders it possible to evade . the old toll, ancj.so they put up another pike at a point whore tho now traffic may be', intercepted. They do not seem to have been' happy, oroven careful, in their choice of Elite. We can well believe that it is dangerous, aud if, as Mr..criok asserts, it is illegal, wbatuse or profit can be miideout ofit? Sir George Dibbs and -Mr.: Lyne were perfeotly right in stuting that the State could not imme diately sweep tho two' things 'away and acoopt .the responsibility which would fol low. Thnt would be too evident a sweating of the State in the interests of a single muni cipality. But iB not Randwick rich, has it not prospect of becoming rioher? Doos not tho popularity of Coogeo always increase ? And what tomls more to maintain and; in crease both land values and popularity in holiday aud health resorts than a well kept free highway? Immediately Randwick and Coogeo evince a desire to holp themselves in this way Government will act tho'part of providence to them, but, as the Premier truly said, a reasonable proposal must first be made. Tiiitouait the frequeut incoherent babblo at the times, the Parkes rallying cries to arise and dethrone the despots, and the Reid ravings, oonceived much more in porsonai chagrin than patriotic desire, 'tis pleasant to find such a gentleman as Mr. F. D. Badgery speaking of the things he undorstands. Mr. ; Badgery is brought out of his holiday by the "bittor railiugs of a disappointed would- bo Premier," It has been shown,' says Mr. ( Badgery, that our splendid revenue is I quito sufficient for all our requirements if properly expended; but how can any Govorn« niont keep down expenditure with such mon as Messrs. Reid, Wise nnd- Carrgthers truckling to tho labor party as thoy have done?" And then ho goes on to explain what we understand very well in Sydney, but what, perhaps, is not so well under stood abroad in the colony— tho nature and the extent of this truckling. Mr. Badgery bIiows tho world Reid "with his children" howling after relief works at full rates ; Carruthers and Co. insisting that every Government contractor should be compelled to pay to cvefy man tho highest current rate of wages. Ho tlion asks pertinently enough whore do tho farmors aud tbo farm hands come in in con nection with all this ? The conclu sion of Mr. Badgery's letter is, how ever, particularly to be commended to the very serious attention of every elector in ovcry oountry constituency. Wo quote it in full : — " But what arc Messrs. Reid and Co. doing? Tliey are disheartening every landholder. Many, I may say the majority, have encumbered thoir land, and are now struggling under very heavy burdens with extremely low pricos for what tho land produces, and I am in a position to know that a land tax would in many cases act as the last straw, &c.;, and turn the struggling owner on to the road, whereas, if the selling valae of the land is upheld, he may be able to raise money and give employment . iu keeping his land clear of scrub, briars and noxious weeds, and uphold its producing power, which is an important consideration, for wo all know what becomes of the farm when the owner once feels that he can hold it no longer," Tub modern genius of Spain seems as in effective to deal with anarchists as with Moors. With what amazement must the ghosts of Ferdinand and Isabella (if they have any cognisance of mundane matters) behold the condition of affairs at Melilla i Wap it for such a degenerate race as this that they won back Granada and stormed the Alhambra ? Scarcely less wonderment would there lpe in the minds of many of tho old rulers of the peninsula did they wot of -the treatment their successors in power mete out to those whom we now term anarchists. Three of . this' breed are fully convicted in Madrid,, and their, offenos' was tho throwing of a bomb' within, the pre cincts of the Chamber of Deputies at Madrid—their intent undoubtedly to make destruction of life and property. Their sentence is seven years' penal servitude. Now had ' they committed such an offence in Now South Wales they wnnld assuredly have been hanged, and though we aro not well disposed to too much hang ing, we needs must say that such " Fleiscl; fiir die Rabenateiu," as they- had consti tuted themselves, is fit for but ono doom. The Barcelona outrage is still more recent than that of Madrid. The so nearly successful attempt in the Pari3 Assembly followed that even, each mode rately successful attempt begetting others, Truly, it seems a timu when nationalities should combine to stamp out this modern incarnation of devildom ; but seven years' penal servitude cannot be regarded as a Btamping- out sentence. 