«S258Z2ZOa3^^^^2SnaXCiSa2Sffl5E3toi-- News of the Week, NEW SOUTH WALES. A case which touches one of the arguments of woman suffragists has been heard in Chambers by Mr. Justice Foster A man named Stephen Laurent applied for the custody ot his child, Mary Augusta Lauront, whom the mother detained, thinking the father an unfit custodian. Tho state ment of the mother was that she had been driven mad by tho brutality of her husband, and that after confinement in Callen Park Asylum, where she was cured, she found the child in a neglectod and filthy condition, and had taken and cared for her. The judge refused the application ; and the circumstance may be noted as showing the advan tage of a flexible law which permits tha discretion of an unbiassed judge to operate in caseB affecting the custody of children. On Thurs'day, at Tocumwal, tho Murray was over 17 feet above the summer level, and still rising. This is the largest flood experienced for five years, aud the country on either bank for miles is sub merged. In other parts of the country frosta aro experienced at night, but the dr.ys are warm and pleasant, and appearances point to a continuance of this woather. At the Armidale Quarter Sossions, last woek, before Mr. District Court Judge Coffey, John McCarthy and Sylvester Dunn were charged with assaulting and robbing Robert Butters. Dunn was acquitted aud McCarthy convicted of receiving and sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Armidale gaol. W. J. McMenamin, convicted of forgery and uttering, was sentenced to nine months' imprison ment. George Thome, charged with stealing £190 in bank notes from the Commercial Bank, Armidale, was acquitted. An escaped prisoner, W. Harrison, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment at the expiration of his present sentence. A lad named William Fear was bound over to appear when called upon to take his trial for a criminal offence. J. Symington, charged with stealing from the person of Emily Smith, was acquitted. This com pleted the business. There is a gr°.at quantity of tobacco leaf drying in the Tamwortk district for the Sydney market. It will interest our readers to know that Mr. W. Alitton, Box Cowal Station, will place under the shears this year tho largest number of sheep for any one station in New South Wales, viz., 210,000, | The next stations on the liBt are Booraro and Gurley, each with 140,000 sheep. A special area on Young Common was thrown open on Thursday, and about 500 acres were applied for by 29 selectors. .£320 was received in deposits. Over 2000 acres are available. At the Central Police Court, Sydney, J. W. Waller was committed for trial on a charge o£ having committed perjury at Candelo on the 8th November, 1893. Mr. William Hall, one of the oldest natives of the Hawkesbury district, died last week at the age o! 75\. He was born in the locality in which he died, and took a great interest in agricultural and other matters connected with the district. Speaking at the second annual meeting of the Australian Federation League, held in the Mayor's reception-room, at the Town Hall, last night, Sir W. P. Manning said that there was no question that was not absolutely of no importance beside the question of building up an Australian nation. Mr. Barton stated that it might be that he would be able to do as good work for federation outside Parliament as he could have done in it. The Union Company's steamship Rotomahana reached Sydney on Saturday from New Zealand with 290 passengers. On July 24, SO utiles from Russell, she sighted the barque Examiner, timber laden, flying signals of distress. The Rotoma ; liana bire down on her, and stopped. The Examiner signalled that she was leaking badly, on/l fn lio frtWOfl ffk tlrtrfc in enpAftr The Rotomah&na; got her hawser made faBt to the barque and proceeded with her to Russell. . The Examiner was 26 days out from Kaipara. She had 12 feet of water in her hold, the men having been at the pumps for a considerable time. The Railway Commissioners have decided to allow the up Northern mail train to stop at Curra bubula every day, instead of only one day in the week, as hitherto. Isaac Lloyd, was charged at the Broken Hill police court on Friday with unlawfully assaulting his son, Jacob. The lad said his father sent him for a drink, but gave him no money, consequently he did not get the liquor. When his father again saw him he kicked him and chained him up to a post. The boj's hands were also tied behind him, and a blacksmith had to be obtained to release him. Accused was fined £5, or two months. The Under-Secretary of Mines has recommended that a circular be sent to the stock inspectors and the Pasture and Stock Protection Boards, asking them to report upon the prevalence of hares and rabbits in their respective districts, and whether (if poison is being used for their extermination at present) trapping and shooting cannot be substi tuted in the event of an opening being found for the exportation of these pests. Inquiry is also to be instituted as to 'whether any facilities exist for freezing hares and rabbits. If not, whether they can bo conveyed to the nearest railway station without deterioration. The department wishes to know what facilities exist in the district for trapping on a large scale — for example, by means of traps to be constructed in I connection with rabbit-proof fences. The Railway Commissioners have been asked for information as to the lines for which they can supply refrigerating trucks, the conveyance of hares and rabbits, and what is the lowest mileage rate at which they will be able to carry hares and rabbits to Sydney.} It is reported that the late severe frosts have severely injured the sugarcane on tho Lower Clarence. The Customs collections last' week amounted ] to ,£34,090. The total for the previous week was £38,771. A work published by Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Manchester, formerly of Melbourne, has just been issued, and is exciting great attention. It deals with Church work, and defends the theory of tho inspiration of the Bible, and with the questions of socialism, a living wage, and the development of $he doctrine. A peculiar shooting accident is reported from Yass. A man sent his son to the gunsmith for his gun. The boy brought the gun back and placed it on a dray, not thinking it was loaded. Something touched the trigger and the gun went off, the charge entering the leg of a young girl named Ettie Couch. Several of the shots passed through her log. A young woman, eldeet daughter of Mr. John stone Morris, of Armidale, was married last ThutB day to a Mr. Warrell, and died on Sunday morning at her father's residence. A Mrs. James Gardiner, a resident of Taree, had a wonderful escape lrom aeatn last weoK. ino woman was driving with her daughter and a baby in a sulky, when the two latter were thrown clear out by the horse shying, and they both got off uninjured. Mr3. Gardiner's dres3, however, became fast to the brake, and she was dragged face down wards some thirty or forty yards, and was horribly cut and bruised when shOgWaB rescued, besides having- pome half-dozen teeth knocked out and an ear almost torn off. Mrs. Gardiner is now doing well in the Taree Hospital. HareB are doing much damage about Taree. The Rev. John Ferguson, recently of Invercaigill, New Zealand, preached on Sunday in St. Stephen's Church, Phillip-street, Sydney, to which pastorate he has been translated. He was formally inducted into his new charge on yesterday. On her next trip to London the steamer Port Pirie, which arrived on Saturday, will take the second trial shipment of live bullocks from New South Wales. Speaking at the third annual meeting of the Vegetarian Society on Saturday night, Dr. Kings bury said that for 25 years he had been a vegetarian and for more than 20 years he had not tasted any fluid other than pure water. He was now 80 years of age, and owing to this course of water-drinking ho had not a pain or ache for over 20 years. Since the 21st July, 1892, 95 inebriates have been treated at the Echo Farm Home, Middle Harbour. Of these 78 have loft the Home, and it is claimed that 28 are leading Bteady lives, while 34 have relapsed, 2 havo died, and the movements of 14 are unknown. One hundred and sixty-six aores have been granted by the Government for a flood reserve for ; Ulmarra, Clarence River. Several persons at Ulmarra, Claronce Rivor, recently had a narrow escape from poistoning. It appears that a damper had been mixed with araenio in mistake for baking soda ; but tho persons who partook of it did not know they had been poisoned until the worst of the symptoms had disappeared. A boy named Holschior was skipping at Moama when he fell dead. It is supposed the lad died from rupture of tho liver. Another fire, making tho sixth on the same pro mises, broke out at the Bristol Arms Hotel, Forbes, on Saturday. Fortunately tho flatnos wore extin guished before much damage was done. A miner at Wyalong, practising at a target, missed tho mark, and ahofc a Salraniooist in a crowd in the fleshy part of the thigh. Tho Commercial Travellers' Association havo 1 established an insurance fund, with a voluntary levy of 5s a member as a nucleus. During the past half-year the Typographical Society voted X3G1 for relief — a sum much greater man in any previous perioa. Senior-sergeant Dick, of Newcastle, has made inquiries re- the dynamite cartridge found in the coal of the ship Genista, which was loaded at New castle in Decembei, 1893, with the result that ho has ascertained that the vessel was loaded with Greta coal, and that tho Greta miners did not uso dynamite in tho Grota Mine. At tho time that loading was proceeding the greatest harmony pre vailed among the trimmers on board and also among the crew of the ship, so that there was no reason for believing that the dynamite was placed on board the Genista whilst she was at Newcastle. The National Horticultural and Pomological Society sent home by the Orient boat which left Sydney Monday afternoon, samples of honey, with a view to ascertain tho possibilities of a market in Liverpool, Manchester, and London. A member of the society — Mr. J. S. Heron, of Castle Hill, has offered to take the samples with him and make strict personal enquiries in tlieso places, and also to obtain the opinions of consumers as well as agents, the society being of opinion that personal opinions are of more use and importance than those of tho middlemen. Largo numbers of shearers are arriving in Moree. A camp has been formed at Pioneer Bridge, which is a good centre for starting to the various shearing 'stations. Shearing generally will begin in this I district on August 1. A narrow escape of a child being buried alivo is reported from Marrickville. The subject waB a little girl 3 years of age, who had been ailing for some time, and gradually sank so low that har death waB expected any time. At last the end came, and preparations wero made for the funeral. The coffin was ordered, but some 24 hours after, when the body was being prepared for in terment, the mother received a fearful shock. She was doing something to the feet, when she half fancied she felt a movement in the corpse, and almost immediately after the child opened its eyes, to the indescribable consternation of tho mother. From that time the child continued to rally out of her death-like trance, and is now actually running about. Had she slept for a few hours longer, she would have been buried, and have met with a terrible death by suffocation. Sir Henry Parkes states that he thinks the Governor was justified in declining to take the ad vice of Ministers, on the ground that they were not constitutionally in a position to offer advice, but the Governor appeared to have given up that ground and to have narrowed it down to the petty question of number. Referring to the holding of a meeting or the freetrade party to-day, Sir Henry states that 'it means that the Governor's commis sion is to be dragged before some party, and its verdict is to be taken as to how the commission is to be performed ; in other words, that tho Govern ment is to be constructed by caucus.' The Government Satistician estimates that on 30th June last the population of New South Wales was 1.230,440, being an increase of 13.070, since the 1st January. Of the total population, 665,000 were males, and 571,440 weie females. At the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions, on Monday, the following prisoners pleaded guilty, and were remanded for sentence . — Robert Kerr, breaking and entering ; R. Flecker, larceny ; George Wake burn, larceny. Edward Packer was ordered to be imprisoned for two years and a half, with hard labour, for breaking, entering, and stealing. Gilbert Casey, of the original New Australia Settlement, says that the colonists are satisfied, and gradually developing the land. He denies the existence of distress. Walter Osmond Haygood, a tailor, of Young, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment for a breacb of the Bankruptcy Act, in preparing to depart from his creditors. Work has been resumed at the Eskbank iron works on a system of partial co-operation. The flood waters at Condobolin on Monday were within 18in. of the 1891 mart, and rising. The common on the south side is a large lake. Last Wednesday's and Sunday's mails arrived together. ! On Saturday night a boy named Dawson, aged 13, was shot in the stomach while standing near a shooting gallery at Condobolin. The owner and the man who is believed to have fired the shot were brought before the local police court on Monday, and remanded. The boy is in the hospital in a critical condition. There is every appearance of a good dip of wool in the Werris Creek district. A very sudden death occurred at Terrible Vale, near Werris Creek, on Monday. Mrs. Wilson, a gatekeeper, wife of a fettle r, fell down at her door and expired. She was previously in apparent good health. Mr. Sydney Herbert, one of the Albury con tingent among the pioneers of the New Australia movement, writing from Paragnay, under date April 30, draws a doleful' picture of the condition of those who, with Mr. Lane, left the original settlement to take up land whereon to form another settlement. The writer etates that soon after the arrival of the second batch, dissension be came rife, leading to the deposition of Mr. Lane and election of Mr. Fred. Kidd, another Albury man, as head of tho settlement. Mr. Lane and 80 others gave up everything, ineluiding 3000 head of cattle, to the new party, and his followers had to part with their watches and trinkets to provide themselves with a little money. The half-yearly meeting of the Tamworth Gas Coy. was held on Monday night. Mr. E. C. Hunt, J.P., was in the chair. The balance sheet Bhowed a profit far the half-year of £542 19s lOd. This with a balance of £32i2 5s Cd brought forward from the previous half-year left for distribution £865 5s 4d. Tbo directors proposed to pay a dividend of 10 per cent., absorbing £500, and carrying £365 5s 4d to the next account. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The returning-officer at Condoblin, Mr. D. H. Tasker, when handing Mr. Brown' his free railway pass ah the poll .declaration ceremony, took ocoasion to remark that he thought the Government might gracefully recognise the worry and trouble the returning-officers had undertaken during the recent elections by presenting them each with a free pass. also. He pointed out' that they had borne the burden of the day without recompense. A movement has been started at Wollongong to amalgamate the miners of the colony in a closer union. Albert Gorsuch, who was convicted last week on charges of larceny, has been sentenoed to two years' hard labour on the first count and four years' penal servitude on the second. His Honor said prisoner was a wholesale robber and about one of the most dishonest characters who had appeared before him for a very long time. He had in the most unscrupulous fashion involved others in the robbery and tried to implicate people who wero perfectly innocent. A sad tragedy has occurred at Summer Hill. An old couple named Gregg resided in the suburb in question for many years, and were known to be deeply attached to one another. Mr. Gregg some weeks ago became a martyr to influenza and bronchitis, . which had a very serious effect on his system, and eventually he showed signs of mental derangement. Early on the morning of July 21, Miss Gregg was aroused _ by hearing cries of distress from her mother, and im mediately rushed to the bedroom where she was horrified to find her mother bleeding from a wound in her throat. She was in bed boside Gregg, who was also bleeding from a wound in his throat, and an old blood-stained razor with which the deed had been committed was lying near by. Medical assistance was summoned, but Mrs. Gregg grew worse and died this morning.^ Mr. Gregg is at present in a very low state, and is not expeoted to recover. Babbits are increasing in the Wilcannia district to an alarming extent, and at present nothing, is : being .done to cope with the difficulty. _ At the Central Criminal Court, Sjdney, Wil liam Page, junior, was charged with having stolon a cheque for £900, of which he was joint owner, and his father, William Page, sen., was charged with having feloniously received the cheque, knowing it to have been stolen. It appeared a man named George Thomas Phillips agreed with tho younger Page to contribute five shillings towards tho purchase of a ticket in ' Tattersall's' sweep on tho Anniversary Handicap, but the latter informed him the Bweep was full, and I sent him a ticket for tho Cootamundra Cup. Sub- 1 sequently prosecutor saw by a paper that tho raco had boen run, and that William Page had won £900. Young Page said that it waa his father who had won the money, and Page, senr., presented him with a cheque for £5. For the defence was raised a point as to tho illegality of the whole transaction, and that Page, sen., was tho owner of the winning ticket. It is feared that Messrs. James Tune, George Miles, and John Edwards, who left Lower Macleay on Thursday in a boat called tho Sauey Jack, have been drowned, as the boat haa been waaned ashore in a battered condition. A second fire at Bowraville on Sunday destroyed a dwelling-house adjoining the burned-down hotel, and belonging to the same owner. On Monday evening tho residence of Mr. C. R. Brownrigg, Waverley, was entered by a burglar, who threw some pepper in the eyes of a domestic servant — the only person on the premises — and then decamped, leaving in tho yard a quantity of plate which he had packed up ready for stealing. Tho girljbelieves she can identify hor assailant. At the meeting of the Gunnedah Municipal Coun cil Mr. Edward Moser, of Ashfield, was appointed council clerk and clerk of workB. The epidemic of influenza is very severe in the renterneia district. The sudden death of a man named John Scholl, of William- street, Sydney, was reported on Tuesday. The deceased had been suffering from influenza for I some time, and he suddenly collapsed and expired J while putting his horse in hiB cart prior to starting on his rounds. Up to the present 200 bales of tho new season's wool clip have reached the Newcastle sheds for dumping and shipment. The first marriage at Wyalong took place on Monday. The Clerk of Petty Sessions officiated. A deputation consisting of Messrs. W. Moore, Stevenson, and J. M'Mullin waited on the Railway Commissioners at Guyra, on Saturday, re the reduc tion of the freight on potatoes from Guyra to Narrabri, and after a short consultation the Com missioners decided to reduce the freightas requested by 5s. per ton. A newly elected labour member left the scene of bis triumph last week for tho metropolis in the true labour garb of moleskins, blue jumper, and a wide awake ; but when seen en route he was faultlessly attired, even to kid gloves and silk umbrella. Tho Railway Commissioners have promised to consider the advisableness of reducing the charge for the carriage of goods between Sydney and Armidale. The Customs collections for the port of Sydney for the month of July amounted to £180,904, which is the monthly return since April, 1893, the month of the bank panic. For the past seven months the gold and silver exported from Sydney consisted of £1,472,926 worth of coined gold, £18,516 worth of uncoined gold, and £80,406 worth of silver. The Union Bank of Australia has declared a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent., and has carried It is announced that approval has been given to the introduction of a system 'of 1 Jd letter cards, for transmission within this colony and to Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, New Zealand, Tas mania, and Western Autralia, and provided an additional id stamp is affixed, to Fiji. Judge Forbes, of the South- western district, beiDg too ill to discharge judicial duties,, Mr. Herbert Harris, tho Crown prosecutor for that district, has been appointed an Acting District Court Judge to preside at the forthcoming sittings of the Gundagai and Turaut District Courts, which are to be held on the 2nd and 6th instant respec tively. On the 25th ultimo seven free labourers were taken out of the station hnt at Yancannia station in the Wilcannia district, and sent as prisoners to Cobham Lake, where 90 unionist shearers are located. Telegrams from the Western district report other acts of violence and intimidation. In the Divorce Court on Tuesday Mr. Justice Windeyer granted 17 decrees nisi for the dissolu tion of marriage. The Masonic Charity Ball took place in the Town Hall Sydney, on Tuesday night, and was a decided success. At the Bathurst Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening, a Mr. H. B. Thomas, who had risen after prayer, fell down and died. In the Central Criminal Court on Tuesday, Mr. Barton, Q.C., intimated to Mr. Justice Stephen that the Crown did not intend to proceed with the charge of inciting to murder which had been preferred against William Mason, Heary T. Doug- 1 las, George Henry Macnevin, Thomas Dodd, and John Dwyer. The charge arose oat of an article printed in a weekly paper called Justice, published by the defendants, on the execution of the men Montgomery and Williams for attemptiug to murder a police constable in Bridge- street. Nearly all the defendants are now undergoing sentences for publishing a criminal libel on the private cbaraoter of Mr. T. M. Slattery, M.P. More reports are in airculat.ion about the Coal baggie ghost whose head quarters are near Dubbo. The latest is that the ?' spook' has announced its intention to {meet all comers. Mr. Jacob Stein was in Dubbo on Saturday evening. The ghost's latest prank is the barring of doors. It is to be hoped t!iat something positive regarding the affair will be learned. Tho roll was called at Midkin station on Wed nesday, but none of tho shearers signed, and the men left. There was no trouble, and seven police were present. Sir Arthur Renwick, President of the Board of Directorsof the Sydney Hospital has been notified by the Premier that before retiring from office on Mon day the magnificent edifice in question will that day bo handed over by the Government to the Board. Recognising the great efforts of Sir George Dibbs to complete tho work started many years ago, and recognising the Premier's determination in fulfilling his . promise to see it com pleted, the Board has' unanimously decided to invite Sir George Dibbs to open the building on August 10. A number of invitations will be issued to the leading public men, and Sir George will be presented with a golden key, with which ho will be 1 requested to open the main door of tho building. It is proposed to hold a popular cotieert on the following day, when tho institution will be thrown open for the inspection of the public. An inquest was opened Wednesday on the out I break of fire on Tuesday at the Engineer's Hotel, Hay market. John Brennan, formerly licensee of the hotel, stated ou Tuesday morning early he heard a noise in the yard, and saw smoke coming up through the floor of the bar. He saw two men at the gate, one of whom he recognised as George Craig, a man now in court. He said to him 'All right; you needn't go- away j if you havo done anything I'll get you.' Witness had legal advice to have nothing to do wifch Craig, but to put the matter in the hands of tho police. After Craig and the other man ran away witness went into the cellar and saw a heap of rubbish and bedding smouldering on the floor. Craig had been doing business in temporary premises next door. When arrested Craig said to witness, \ou ii be in gaol for tho rest of your life for this.' The further hearing was adjourned until Friday. The forty- seventh half-yearly general meeting of shareholders gin the Sydney Meat; Preserving Co. was held on Wednesday. Sir John Lackey, chairman of the board of directors, presided. The report stated that during the half-year thero wero killed 517,701 sheep and 3695 cattle, all of which had been purchased in the Homebmh yards. Tho balance remaining at crodit of profit and loss account on Juno 30 wa.4 £36,117. The report aud balance-sheet were adopted. 