Christmas Creek. By IImnt.y ICKS'DAT.r/. Phantom streams were in the distance—moist* ing lights of hike and pool— Ghosts of trees, of soft green lustre—groves of shadows deep and eool : Yea, some devil ran before them, changing >kies of brass to blue, Setting bloom where curse is planted, where a Six there were, and high above them glared 0 wild and wizened sun, Ninety leagues from where the waters of the There before them, there iKrhind them, was the great, stark, stubljor plain, Where the dry winds hiss for ever, and tho blind earth moans for rain ! Ridged ul>out hv tracts of furnace, ninety leagues from stream and tree. Six there were, with wasted faces, working northwards to the sea I Ah, the bitter, hopeless desert! Here these broken human wrecks Trod tho wilds where sand of fire is with the spiteful spinifox ! Toiled through spheres that no bird knows of, where with fiery empha-*. Hell hath stamped its awful mint-mark deep on every thing that is ! Toiled and thirsted, strove and suffered! This was where Decembers breath As a wind of smiting flames is oil weird, hag gard wa.-tes of dcatfi ! This was where a withered moan is, and tho And a thunder full of menace sends its mighty This was where black execrations, from somo dark tribunal burled. Set the brand of cur-e on all things in tho morning of the world ! One man yielded—then another—then a hul of nineteen years Reeled and fell, with English rivers ringing softh- in his ears. English grasses started round him—then the grace of Sussex lea Came and touched him with the beauty of a green land by the sea \ Old-world faces thronged about him—old world voices spoke to him : But his speech was but a whisper, and his eye3 were very dim. a dream of golden evening, beaming on a quiet strand. Lav the stranger till a bright One came and took him by the hand. England vanished, died the voices I but he heard a holier tone, And an angel that we know not led liimdo the lands unknown! Six theve were, but three were takenTinea were left to struggle still: But against the red horizon flamed a horn of bridled hill! But tkjyoiul the northern skyline, past a wall of sleep austere. Lay the land of light and coolness in an April coloured year: •Courage, brothers.*' cried the leader; <son the slope of yonder peak There are iracts of herb and shadow, and the channels of the creek ! *' So they made one last great effort—haled their beasts through brake and briar— 'et their feet on .-purs of furnace—grappled spikes and crags of fire Fought the stubborn mountain forces, smote down naked, natural powers. Till they gazed from throne.- of Horning on a sphere of streams and flowers. Out behind them was the desert, glaring like a sea of bras.-! re before them were the valleys, fair with moonlight coloured gras- I At their backs were haggard waste-lands, bickering in u wicked blaze! In their fae»*s beamed the waters, inarching down melodious ways! Touching was the cool, soft lustre, over laps of lawn and lea; And majestic was the great road Horning made acro>s the sea. On the sacred day of Christmas, after seven months of grief, Re>ted three of six who started, on a bank ol moss and leaf— Rested bv a tunning river, in a hushed, a liolv week; And thov named the stream that saved them— naiuod it nrlv— 