AOTA POPUMo By the Flaneub. A cebtain member of fche so-called ' collective wisdom of the colony ' was prowling round the Western district in soayoh of a safe seafr, or, afc the worat, a nice eoffc place to fall, when he saw a tough-looking old farmer at work in a neighbour ing paddock. Being anxious to tent the political 'tone oi! the district, the caufciou3 candidate leant ovei: the paddock rails and Bheutedi out — ' That's a nice wtiolesomo odour that's coming horn your crop, Mister!' 'Hoy?' exclaimed the ancient yeoman, as he fastened his braces with a piece oi wire. ' I v?as remarking,' continued the M.P. 'that your paddock smells beautifully oi new-' mown hay.' ' My paddock smells of hard work,' replied the old man severely, ' and that's Boine thing that you don't know very muoh about I'm thinking.' Ifc must be admitted, however, that our pre sent representatives have been very hard at work o£ late endeavouring to moke people believe that they wore getting on at a doaperafco pace with tho business ol; tho country. ' Wo must do some thing- fco justify our existence,' wag tho shrewd remark dropped by Sir George Dibbs a £ow nights ago, and ifc didn't take long for the patriots present to comprehend the importance o£ tho observa tion. The coming General Election is of course fche causa o£ all thia sudden outburstoii hard work doing nothing, and a moat uniqus sorb of contest that election bida fair to be. In the fleet place there is no great party question to be fought ovov this time, nnd wore it no'j for the extraordinary num» her o2 candidates who cro saahing to do or die (paiticulrady fco ' clo') 2ov their counfcry'o sacred cause the ohancea a-.-o that public interest in the coiitest would novel' rise above the calm col lected foaling o£ a cold potato. Id sonio elec torates the very mosquitoes aro going Cob the polls, and only iV the reoont purging of the ralla aboui'j bald fche iahabifcants oi ovory graveyard iu iiho laud v/ould be ou tho sfcuinp Bolioifciug votes also. Amongst all the candidates, however, no one can raise a good party cry 5 no one can ilaraiah o rival with a reasonable excuse Cos fcreadiag da fche tail o£ hio boat Tho flconi queo fcion saeme to have sunk itself, Federation ia eo high in the air that no oae can touch it with a pole. Sectarianism went under with the collapse of the QeTjQcjq Lodge, end it woulcl be iddicnlous to attempt to xnske scapegoats of the Chinese now that Qaong Tart is in the field as a fit and pEopeE pesaou to represent the apparently played °ut Caucasian race. There ia a stoey told! of a punctiliously polite old Greek, who, while perform ing the funeral rites of au infant daughter, felt bound to mate profane excuses to the spectators for '' bringing oat such a ridiculously small corpse t:- so large a crowd/' and it really seems tbat Bome oae ought to stand up here fco-day and apologize £oe? the absurdly small ground ehonn for the holding oil a gseafc elecfcicneeriag struggle. ' Home once mose horn a foiroiga shore,' is the song Fa Parkes sings fco-dcy3 but although ha saw plenty of gold in West Australia it doesn't appear that any admirers put d coke of the precious metal ia his hat or asked him to leave them a lock o£ hie hair in return for a 301b. nugget. While at Perth our great pal-doc, poet and philosopher advised the people 60 elects puEO-Boulodl representatives (like hims'el^ if they wished to be happy and prosperous e,ad not folios? the awful example of N. P. Wales, whose Premies: actually said ?' d— a' and dined afe picnica with publicans and sinners. In return for this fatherly advice the men o2 Perth pre sented Sir Henry with a walking-stick, which vwi a highly signifieant hint that their distinguished visitor's room was preferable fco his company. This led fco our €!'. O. M.'s prompt netura, and fears are now enterteiaed thaij ;?e will never ba able to even give him away or loss him iu a crowd. Sir Henry's political sun has certainly set, and so fur as party leadership ia concerned he is now as dead bb his own ' Kiams Ghost.' A cestaih Ladies' Debating Club is reported to have recently discussed the momentouB question, ' Should a woman marry for wealth, or only because it is a faahionable 2ad ? ' I do not know how the matter was decided, but I believe one of the dear debates s related how she reed to. her S.year-olcl eon the stosy of a little lad whose father died suddenly, affces which the yooragBtes? oefc himself! diligently to v?ork to assist in sup ? porting himself and hio mother. Being anxious , to test whafc effect the fcaSe iindi oa her own youngster fehe motheu thes daked, ' 11 your pa were to die, Tommy, v?oulda'fc you wosk to help SBDrama ? ' ' Oh, I don'fc know,' replied Tommy, who did aotselish the idea o£ v/orkj ' v/e heve got a good house to live ias and there's lofca 0' things in She p&Dtoy;, aia' there ? ' ' Certainly,' said fche mother, ' bub fchese things would not last long, and what would we do then ? ' ' Well, Ma,' gefcuraed fche up4o»d3fce dorliag1,' I looked through the pantry yesterday, and I'mBuse theee's eaough things there to last us | until you get an' ofchee husband. Why there's Georgie Gs?ogaa'D mofcher—Bbe's got b new husband aow, aad Georgie'a pa ein'6 dead at all.' Thia proves that the Divorce Court is becoming o pov7er— -Q powes? £oe evil — ia the land, and fche matter of matrimony will soon drift into an rafcfcfrly hopelesa state of muddle. What may happen fco a much-married man in fchio lino can be guessed from tho case of that fearfully wonder ful tragedian Hen' JBandmann, who nsed fco de light us here with his comio reading of ' Hamlet,' and who used to throw Buch a woudee ful daBh of humour into fche dying scene of Richard III— who, by the way, r/aa nob n hunch back, Dut a soldier of fine fox in, Borne pretensions to good looks, and a man of great pei'aonal Btrongfch and courage. Here Baadmaan soema to havethrowa tffagody overboard of late and taken to the more congenial and profitable occupations of ' bull-punching' and oatfelo-raising at Sacramento. Hia mar Bied li?e has been somewhat promiscuoua aad varied, and so beautifully fcanglod is it to-day tha,t i£ he xvese playing the part of tho cranky Dane the Herr might appropriately introduce that classic Rickardsian vocal gem— ''ID don't know whore *o is !' While hero, Hers1 Bandtnana was married to fche actreBa Millicant Palmer, bub he was divorced from has at Montana, and took to himself another wife. Now, however, the Montana divorce has been annulled, and the soeond Mrs. Bandmann was ejected. That isn't half tho Herr'd trouble either, for the doubtful pleasure of being a veiastated wife soon began to pall on Misa Palmes.', and she promptly obtained a divorce on her own acconnt, and alao potted the comic tragedian heavily foi? law espouses and alimony. Where the second wife comes in, or what her exact status is, has not been settled, an-? it inuafc puzzle Herr BondinaQa fco any v/hothcr he is a benedict or a bachelor. It Milliceat Palmes was his lawful wife until she sued for divorce (and the Sacramento Court hold^ she was), then the actor - squatter committed bigamy when ho married his o=cond wife, who is really no wife at all, and he cjsi no -.7 truly exclaim with Alonzo, ia the ' Tempest'— ' ?^^iS '3 as 8*r|iHg8 a maze as o'er men trod : Ana thoro is ia tiiia busiuoas more than nature Waa over conduct of.' ? ? ? Ifc'o Jill a muddle, and ^7© oapselves ere drifting Lato the muddiest poi-tion of it also. Very intep:esS;ing, bat not particularly amusing to persons who from motived o2 ple&susre; back horses, mu3fe be the evidence- givea in the case oi Mcotes Jaraec Hayea, a nice joung men, aged 18 years, v/ho h-js Duedl the Austealasian foe J85OOO og' a 'naive for his wouudod reputp.tioa. Claude Scott, foe instance, swoioe that he had been a bosom friend of jockoy Hayes for four yearn, and some idea of how this precious pair worked the oracle may be guessed from the following iaci denfc. Saof-t owned a horse called Bolfcie, and Hayes rode that horse in a certain big handicap. The iaight before fcho race ifc web found that nothing had a show of winning but Baltic aad a horse called Aasfcer. Baltic being the favourite, however, Scolt and Hayes araangad fco pull their own horse and baok Auster. This was done, and then by a siperb piece of horsemanship Master Hayes managed to loae the pace—and to wia several times the amount of the stakes in bets as wolJ. In this nutter Master Hayes's own fetheff was taken dowa, as he innocently baefcoa his loving son's mount} bub ia all pnobabilit^ Moefcep James did! not approve of his pa taking to gamb* ling pursuits, and so he gave him a wholesome lesson by causiag him to lose his monoy0 ' Win the race and spoil your father' is a maxim which Master Hayes seems to have studied to some purpose. The most zemarkable thing about the Baltic* Auster swindle is that there is really nothing Eemapkabla about ifc at all. Probably no pace meetieg of any importance is held afc which some thing oinailac doeB not occur, and I £gm fche only way of makiog dead sure of getting a straight rua now is to own a horse yourself, train him yourself, ride him youraelf, and then take care that ao one touches jour riding gear but yourself until you have weighed in. A few months ago a eeftaia horae5 which was heavily backed by his owaep and nearly everyone else, except his jockey (keep your eye oa that word ' except'), come ia a splendid last On the following day he mot a better field, carded the name weight and fche came rider, and won by the length of a clofeneoliao. The jockey ea'd he thought ifc was tho woatheff, bufc he seemed to be rather pleased at his victory, and has fcireated himself to pork chops aad tomato sauce £oe breakfast eves Bince. This happeaed in Spain, oe Bpifczbirgea,. or Domev7heEiej bofe the game is aofc confined to any pncfciculas cireed oe country. A& the UnivQi'sity annual seisuioa Pirofessoi? Wilson declared a Sydney schoolmaates k-ecently told him that he got his boys to wdte an essay oa tho tmbJGCb ' Why do you go to n public school ?' And the jreason given by ossa ohsaud and candid yoath was : ' To pasc tho jaaios1 esamiaatioa and gefc a good! billet.' rJ?ba0 lai doesn't EGquiee to paso any esam. nt all. Ho'll get along all right, and i£ he leaves sohool eoriy and takes to the study o£ colonial politics lie may ono day become a Miniates 2os Edacafcioa ; evea though he spells 'cart' with a '' k' and holds, aa a certain es-Minister did, that m wsitln^ Gac^ © name as Bcown- Jones a ' syphon' ohouid alnaya be ins9E-ted between the two woedp. This is where Jookey Hayes oomeo ia again. He never went to college or passed any broiaworey ing esam., bub he got there all the 3Gme, do to as securing a good billet io concerned. JTirom 1090 till 1893 MaQtor Hayes earned J35O0O in addition to bets. By a three-minutes' sride on Foi?tun&tua; in the Newmarket Handicap he scooped in ^8500 ?—more than miny a honeot, hurdwosbmg toiieu earns in a lifetime. Bven though Mastesf Jnmes took hio father down, however, he seems fco have been a good son to his mother, for be landed on© of her horses an winner and enriched himselS thereby to the tune of .£1000. Talk about the prou-1 position of tho mother of tho Graochi aftor that! Pooh! Ooly think what tho joy off a woman must be who ia tho mother oi1 ttvonty sons, all of whom are jockeys ! The case Pop the plaintiff Hayes we, 0 a lovely ono all round ; and as regards the morality oi! a cottain Boction o£ the Turf we v/ero treated to a valuable object-lesson a Sew daya ago cureelve3,whenayouugotei? who colled himoelS a jookey gave evidenoe ia 0 matter v/hioh aKected his present employee. Whoa he hod tiniahed the Judge said, lt The evidence you have juot given is the very opposite o£ what you swore on a former occasion. How do yora aeoounfc foe that ?' And then in tho coolest mannGs? possible this candid young ' corastalk' e:iplaiaed-« ''Oh, I've left the cova that I web working i'oE then !' — a remark which recalls Thoodoi'e Hook' admiooion— ' My politics are always those of the lady whom I happen to hand down to dinner.' Thia will bo a lovely world soon— -if it escapea [iuothes deluge. The food adulteration scare Btatted here bas extended to Victoria, and ono o£ the attendant developments io o£ a decidedly novel nature^ Ijf' eeems that the Jewish priests pay a deal of atten tion not; only to the spiritual wants of their people b«afc also feo their bodily requirements, and fehio iaa'fc half a ted piece of paatoml duty either. The Jewish priest does the beet! and mutton oS&ughtering; for tho ' chosan people,' we are told, and stamps each joint of: meat of which he approves with his sacerdotal atamp, The sug gestion hc,B therefore bson made that for the better protection of the ' unchoaen,' or Chris tian people their miaiatera should do slaughter house duties of bee tho worthy ossnipie set by tho Babbis ; but somehow, the Christian rniaiotera do not seem to rise to the occasion or a'o all inclined to drop the cattle in the manner sng» gested. The Press favours the notion strongly, however, and one enthusiastic pan-jostlee points out that She 3£ev. De. Bevon would find a few hours with the polenase splendid exercise for checking a disposition to corpulence. Bishop Q-oe would go down better with his people sg a slayer o£ oxen Dnd v- sfcickee of sheep than as a champion of the alleged antiquity of the English Church, and in fcbe pig-plngging line the Bev. Ms?. Hogg V7ould undoubtedly be the Eight man in the right plcee. A Jewish Sabbi Dot only has bo kill, bufc also to oct cs a live minister in the Synagogue, and it is fcbeEeCoire claimed that the Christian clergy should do the eldughtesing of their community as well. ModeEatoG El'Inaea should being the mattes before the nest Conference heiro | but then again, nov7 that OUL? constables are armed with revolvers! perhaps the lives of the people ace already onffi.. ciently endangered. A parson dealing out anathemas over the verbal theory rarapus is a £earful sight, but who could withstand the awful epecteole of the Rev. Bill-Blacky sloshing round with an oxe ? Ao for the Catholic clergy, come of fchem ore equal to any emergency, but I fear that i£ one ok two of my own clerical friends were to try theic hands at the pole^axing game they would find themselves shot closer to Heaven than they were prepared to go at a moment's notice. It would be grant fun for the bullocko, but it tyould wear terribly rough on the holy fathers. 