COLOR EFFEOTS. Some curious nffects are simply produced in this way :-In the top of a box have a circular window, g'aced with three sections of red, green, and violet glass, so propor tioned that the resultant light produced from the three is white. Place a fiat opaqee ring a short distance above the white bottom of the box, and the eye may be dazzled with the gorgeous display of prismatic colors on the bottom. This will be covered with most varied and brilliant hues, caused by the penumbra of the opaque boly being lighted with different colors on the different side.. When the red and green sides overlap, a brilliant yellow is produced; where the green and the violet overlap are the blues; and the red and the violet gives the purples; while in the ceatre, when all the three circles overlap, white is produced. These experiments, which test the theory of the three primary color lights in a practical and simple way, explain why there is so little appearance of colored light in come cathe drale, though the windows are heavily stained; though the sun blazes through brilliantly colored glass, yet there it only visible the characteristic "dim religions light." Any two colored lights which when mixed produce white light are termed "complementary." All are familiar with the changing color of printed names with the eyes open and shat, or when fixed steadily on the name and transferred sand. dealy to a white surface. One has too often to amuse himself in this manner at a rail. way stat!on waiting for a train. He looks on the yellow letters with an indigo-blue enamel surrounding which tell of some remarkable soap or ceJa ; he lifts his eyes to a grey sky, and then he sees blue letters on a yehw enamel. If the blind on a bed room window be white, and the light not very bright, ard it the observer lookts steadily at a black object on the table, on closing his eyes again he will see the exact form of the object quite white-aot a bad way of accounting for ghosts. "' My husband has all the virtues but one," remarked the wife of a struggling young doctor. "What is that" uasked her sympathetei friend, " titsat." re plkd th, gof trie, 