THE ADVENTURES OF DORA BELL, DETECTIVE. BT MES. GEORGE CORBETT, Author of "Secrets of a Private Inquiry OlBce," "The Mystery of Fellsmere,' " Behind the Veil," &o;„ &c.; X L — T h e Recluse of Hallow Mali. "Yes, ma'am, "said old Miles Galbraith to me. " Yes, I can tell you as queer a tale as here and there a one. In fact if you find one to beat it, I'll forego that little acknowledgement you promised me." "i'ie, Qljles," Vi-as my amused retort. "You have already received the little acknowledgement in question, and have spent part of it. So how can you forego it "Indeed, ma'am, it's all right. You see, I know the little ways of ladies and gentlemen. Tliey always pay half when they make the bargain, and the dther half at the end of the story." " H'ra ! you're very cute Miles. But it will all depend upon what you have to tell me." "Then we'll consider it settled, ma'am, if you please, so hsre goes. When I'Cret went to be Mr. Mileoai'a gardener and coachman, bo had quite a staff of servants in the bouse, for he still kept considerable company. Among those servants was Jenny Pryce, the under-housemaid, as canny a girl as ever went to place, and I thought myself lucky when she promised to mairy me. But Mr. Wright, the butler, didn't half like it. He W88 fonrl of her himself, and-both he and the houseke ] er had a lot to say about how foolish she was to promise to marry anybody whose station wa's EO inferior to a butler's. All the same Jennyhad her own notions on the subject, and at last she had to shut him up somewhat sharply. "When.the master heard abont our love affair he was very good.indeed to us, and furnished the little cottage in which we lire to this day. The butler was never very friendly to us, and would have cleared me oS the premises if he could have done so. The master, however, soon after this took to very queer ways. It was said that be had been crossed in love, and that he bad vowed never to look in a woman's faoe again. "Be that as it may, he withdrew from all society, and by degrees even oeasied to walk about m his own grounds. Then he made an arrangement with his tolioitor, whereby we ere all put on board wages, and very liberal hey were too. Jenny came in for them as ell, as she was supposed to be the master's aundress now that she was married, though t's mighty little washing he ever gave her to o. There was henceforth no interference in nything we did, there being certain rules rescribed by the master, and as longaB we onformed to these rules, we were all to keep ur comfortable places. "For two or three years Mr, Milsom lived n like that, never going out, and never seeine nybody. At last he wouldn't even take his meals in the dining or breakfast rooms, but ad one end of the house disconnected from the other part that we could only approach his room by one door. These rooms were very furnished with all sorts of beautiful things collected by the* master's from other parts of the house. The room that he called his library had thousands of books in it. " The first room that we entered from the corridor was the one in which he tcok all his meals, and after a time we were forbidden to go any further. We would enter this room, it, set out his food very elaborately on the table, and then retire, only returning wheu we heard his bell ring for us to clear the away. There would always be a paper on the table containing various orders. But the master himself no longer appeared to give them in person. In fact for several years not one of us was permitted to see him, and.he always kept his door locked when he was in his dining-room. " At first these eccentricities caused a deal of comment. But by-and-by the neighbourhood found new sensations to talk about, and the 'Recluseof Hallow Hall,'as Mr. Milsom came to be called, was by lots of people entirely forgotten. "Butalthough we were not permitted to look upon the master's face, he did not allow i^s to forget his presence, for he was very particular about the food he ate. He liked- Eeveral courses to each meal. And they had to be beautifully cooked, or he would tell us his opinion pretty plainly. The fruit I raisedfor him had to be of the very finest, too, or he would threaten to dismiss me. This, however, did not often happen, for we all knew that we would never get such another com- 1 fortkble place where we all did pretty nearly^ aa we liked, and we were careful to see that', the master had as little cause for complaint as possible. . "If any of us had an' apology to make, or" anything to ask him, we would write what we wanted to say on a piece of paper each. These papers would be put on the table with the master's meals, and we would receive our : answena soon after. ' • "' "The only body that «ver seemed inclined to crumble at tUis queer state of affairs was Mr. Wright, the butler, and he was never satisfied. First hp growled about one thing, then about another, and ha was altogether eo ill-tempered that the rest of us threatened to complain of him in a body. "'Ithink the best thing you can do, Mr. "Wright, is to clear put. You have got too big for 'your place to- my thinking.' This was what the housekeeper said to him one day, and you . should have seen the evil look he put on his face as he shook his fist at her, snd .shouted 'Maybe I will leave the plsoe miphty soon and in a way you little expect too.' '* And sure fenough he disappeared that very night, and- everything went to prove that it was a deliberately planned Sight. None of us felt sorry..at losing him. Bnt we Were all considerably dismayed to find that the greater part of the family plate had disappeared with hiui. He must" have haj •'" enough -to do to' carry it away unnoticed and unheard. At firfet we didn't know what to do. Then I" suggested going for the police. . But the housekeeper said, ' No, we must "do nothisgwithout asking the master's advicfe first.' 1 "To this we agreed, and an account of the butler's-disappearance together with a list of the things he had stolen, was written and taken in with the breakfast. Presently there was a furious peal at the bell, and the housekeeper asked me to fetch the note we felt sure the master had been writing.' Be quick, Galbraitb,' said she, 'I'm on tenterhooks to know how he'll take it, and what we are to do. Perhaps he'll come out of his shell now and live more like a civilised human being. He used to set great store by the silver plate. . It's been in the family more than two hundred years.' " " But so far from -coming out of his ehell, the master became, if possible, a more confirmed recluse than ever. His instructions to us were brief and to the point. "Take no atfipa to discover Wright,' was his order. ' bet his greed be tie own punishment. Wbat he has stolen does not equal the legacy I would have left hhn. Henceforth do not name him to me. Let him be as one dead. And do not expect a euaceffeor in his place. My wants become fewer as I tret more feeble; and I cannot tolerate the idea of having new people about the house. But I never forget those who are faithful to me, and a word to the wise-is sufficient.' " We took this last to mean that he would remember "us in his will if we served him'well. But this he always had done, so well, indeed, that we couldn't improve ourselves. Soon after this there was a letter to Mr. Milsom's solicitors to be forwarded. Then a very big one' was sent, to which Mr. Crowday, the lawyer, brought back an answer, and,-being curious, he went and laid it on the master's table himself. But all was as quiet as it generally wns, and he went away no wiser for his pains. Before he went he told the housekeeper that the master had been making a new will. But he wouldn't Bay what it was. " Soon after this a queer rartiour fcrose in the neighbourhood. It waB said that the butler had been murdered, and that hie ghost haunted the park belonging to Hallow Hall. I don't know that we exactly believed this rumour, but we none of us cared to be out too v late alone at night. " After a while we began to think the master must be falling, for he was often a whole day without taking any of the food that was so carefully prepared for him. This made us anxiou". aud we used to listen more intently thp.n ever for any sign of life within the rooms we were not allowed to enter. But this sort of thing went on for five years, and by that time the folks in the neighbourhood looked upon both house and the sceunds as unoanny and haunted. " One day Jenny an£ I were both indoors, helping the housekeeper, as she was having a thorough cleaning down. As was often the case, I took my turn at carrying some of Mr. Milsom's food into his dining-room. But I had no sooner set foot in it than I heard a horrible groaning in one of the inner rooms. For a moment 1 looked as scared ae did Jenny who was with me. Then I rushed at the door, and never rested till I had broken it down. " At last I was inside the plaoe I had so often been so curious about. But I shall never i .rffet how astonished I was at what Ieaw. "On a rich Turkey oarpet which covered the floor lay a man writhing in pain. I rushed to bim, and railed on to the couch—not my master, as I had expected, but Wright the ex-butler ! He was in horribla. agony, but he aotfually tyristed his features intb a grin when he saw my amazement. "'Yes, it's me," he gasped; 'I've been living here all these years in olover, and none of you fools any wiser for it, though I doubt I'm done for now.' " ' But the master ?' I asked. " 1 Been dead more than five years. It can't hurt me now to confess. I killed him, and buried him under the blighted oak in the park.' " I let go of Wright when I heard this. By that time all the rest of the household camo liying :u. Wright had accidentally swallowed some poison, and died that night. Before he died he told us how he managed to get at the old master and kill him. By means of a P&S9; key he had had made for him he was able to cet into I'be inner room, and the rest was easy. He removed the silver, knowing that we would think he liad stolen it. He had for months imitated the master's writing, and effectually deceived everybody. The reputed ghost whii.h had been seen m the park was himself. He got in and out through an old cellar, and when we thousht h9 wa3 ailing, because his food was not paten, he was enjoying himself elsewhere. He had procured large sums of money throngh Mr. MiU-om's solicitor?-, who certainly wonderc-d, but did not hesitate to supply it. He meant to have made one more haul ere leaving Hallow Eall for ever, when he made the fatal mistake which ended hie life. "Sure enough we found the master's body under the oak, and removed it in a suitable coffin to the family vault. " Of course the will which Wright had written was useless. For this we were rather sorry, as it provided handsomely for us all. Still, we have no need to grumble, for the gentleman who succeod^d to the estate as heirat- law—there being no will—treated us all very well. In fact, we're his servtnts to this day, and we've no notion of seeking fresh places. Thank vrw, ma'am; I knew you A'otlld like my tale." Next week, THE MYSTERIOUS THIEF. 