FATHER IGNATIUS " ON THE POPE. Sooy alter the appearance of the Pope's Encyclical oh the " Study of Scripture"a very remarkable letter was written to the Catholic limes of Liverpool fay "Fatter Ignatius," the Anglican Monk of Llan thony Abbey. In a very frank and out spoken manner he thanks the Holy Fa ther for the Encyclical and declares his belief that " the Holy Ghost must have nerved the mind and hand of this second Leo the Great" to write such a letter. Here are the words of the .Anglican clergyman :— Allow me to say, as a non-Roman Catholic, with what deep joy, relief and gratitude I have read the Papal Encycli cal in your columns. The grand unflin ching, defiant, divine faith in the Holy Scriptures there manifested before the whole world of science and unbelief is simply splendid. The re-assertion at the close of the 19th century of the fact that the Holy Scriptures are " without error " because " being written by the inspira tion of the Holy Spirit they have God for their author," is of itself a magnificent act of faith that must call' forth the ad miration and gratitude of the whole Christian world! Every Protestant and Anglican, every Roman Catholic and Orthodox Oriental, must thank God for inspiring Pope Leo XIII. with such glorious courage. I was startled beyond expression as I read on. It was the Holy Ghost alone, who nerved the mind and hand of this Second Leo the Great, to pour forth such a torrent of heavenly faith and courage, such consolation and reassurance for the benefit of all sincere disciples of Jesus Christ, whether Catho lic or Protestant. " Truly the tables are turned "—Protestants in all directions and Anglicans also defaming the Scrip tures and doing their utmost to destroy all faith in them, and the " Pope of Rome " comes forward \tith no uncertain sound to reassure the hearts that are nearly breaking with grief under the teaching of dissenting professors and Anglican dignitaries. Would to God that our Archbishop of Canterbury might follow the Pope's example ! 