CHAPTER IV. T was back in Piccadilly-with ghost for company. He had left me pretty well alone while I was at home, save when Selina had especially irritated me by wriggling nor nose more than -usual, then he made a face at me and vanished till I was rough on Selina again. He was by no means a flatterer-just the reverse, and was extremely chary of showing approval of me, indeed, it was only once or twice, by way of encouragement, that he appeared looking pleasant, and with some of my bad lines ironed out. (He was, however, silent- after that first day I never heard hts voice again.) But hero, surrounded as I was by every possible inducement to resume my old life, with the chain of habit tagging me peremptorily after it once more, with companions whom I could no more rudely dismiss than I could discuss with them the ethics of my new, gospel, I found my- self confronted more and more frequently by my dimble, whose features so grotes- quely reproduced even a wrong thought, that often I shrank from this silent interpreter of my most secret soul. Call ita delusion-a fancy-the more vivid memory of a ' thing once actually seen, and still believed visible when it is not, it undoubtedly existed to me, and became a very real factor in my life. Possibly the keon watch I kept on myself, and the careful register I took of all my backsliding^ actnally projected the vision I saw on my imagination, but to this day I have never solved the problem, or found out if delusion, or my good angel, took so much pains to restore a worthless thing to one of value. Bot as yet I have fonnd no opportunity for doing good work, for distinguishing myself-and it is not easy to idle half a life-time and then shoulder a pick- axe and toil through the burden and the heat of the day with any hope of success. Politics-philanthropy P The one would leave me a trickster, the other a soured man-for I was no Hampden, nor dared lurga the only nepenthe 1 knew of for caring the life-long wretchedness of toil- ing millions-the peace, the blessedness of death. . Were I the Angel of Death, I wonld Eause at the doors of all those weary, eartsick toilers, and I wonld call them forth and 60otuo thom, and closo their heavy eyes forever, so that they should need to beg for no more dole o£ food, and rest and warmth. I would say * you mnat all come to me some day-come to me now.' And they would all come the old and the young, and the little children, and their misery should die with them, not be passed on to endless genera- tions. And 1 have often thought that if on some glorious summer's morning, a mighty voice should cry through ,the length and breadth of the great city, ' Arise and die F For the earth will hold you all no more, and some must perish ' that by the nightfall, only half the inhabitants of it wonld breathe. And I could not go to Letty and ask her what I must do to gaiu her respect. lt¡must be earned first-and 1 would, go to her for my reward after. Such little things aa I found to do, I did. I stopped more than one yonng fellow on his royal road to ruin. I helped others to get on their feet again after a bad spill-in a quiet way I found out and relieved with my time and money per- sons too proud and honest to beg-and I spont a large portion of ray time with my mother, who was now happy, with a hap- piness at which I know she trembled. By the intense joy she found in my company, I was able to gauge the pain that deprivation by it had cost her, and so swiftly does the ounce of sweet out- weigh the pound of bitter, that I saw how she had forgotten the past years, and only lived in the present. My father and I too, by degrees bocame good friends, and if we had differences of religion I outwardly conformed to the habits of the Rectory, and the old bad, cynical, godless talk that used to be fami- liar to my lips, never now crossed them. Even Selina came to* inspire in me a steady respect, for her life was beautiful, if her face was not, and even her nose seemed less aggravating when her spirit- ual goodness became visible to yon. By degrees the villagers ceased to look askance at me as the prodigal, who had squandered riches in which his parents had had no share, and who had spent the better part of his life away from them, and we became good friends, and I was considerably the richer for the shrewd wisdom and the sound common sense I learned from them. I had nearly forgotten how to sneer in those peaceful days when aomethiogof th9 beauty and divine order of lives in harmony with God and man was breathed into me, and though 1 thought of and longed continually for Letty, the fever of my former existence had left me. From time to time I heard of her. She was in town, of course, going through the mill-round of a dull season, and 1 could not hear that any man's name was coupled with hers, but this did not surprise me, knowing by now how resolute her charac- ter was-and how faithful. But the evil in a man dies hard, and the evil in me was not killed, but only scotched. Now and again habit would assert itself, it leaped out ia fullest force and I would see my familiar with vilest passions stamped upon his face, and I would defy him, and curse him, but iu the end, one of those looks my mother kept for me alone, or some trifle in the home life (possibly some act of self-abnegation in Selina) would subdue me, and my wrong doing stopped at desire and inten- tion only. And often the reflection that so far, I had not achieved or done anything to entitle me to Letty's respect, pressed heavily upon me, but I knew of no battles to fight, no heroic deeds to do, I had born born neither painter, sculptor, orator or writer, and it is hard for a rich man to distinguish himself in any way save by his riches. But I never forgot the cling of those young arms round my neck, the earnest eyes that looked in mine seeking the ideal they had formed of, and with enough womanly strength and faith to create it, if the better part of love yet has power over men. And so, with as it were two steps for- ward in improvement, and one back, with fierce struggles against weariness, wild longings for excitement, and a perpetual recoil from a discipline to which I was ill-accustomed, the time passed, and one day a bush of azaleas in fall bloom re- minded me that a year had passed, in which I had done nothing to win Letty. . . . and I must go and tell her so. 