The Disappearance of Mr. Derwent, A MYSTERY. By THOMAS COBB, .Author of "The .ouse by the Common," " Weddrblurn's Will," "The -Westlalkes," fi, fc. (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) OHAPPER XIV. ARNOLD MAKES A CALL. ' How's old Ann, Floy?' asked Arnold, at breakfast on Saturday morniug. 'Had a pretty good night ?' 'A night of great pain,' was the answer. 'Every now and then she starts up in agony. Dr. Viret says she will die in one of these paroxysms.' .Angina pectoris, that's true enough,' he said sagely. 'YYou ought to have a nurse. The idea of your having this sort of thing night after night !' 'There is the expense to be con sidered,' she replied, rather wearily. ' You forget that Dr. Viret practically pays for everything. Besides, Ann is not an ordinary servant. I like to do what I can for her.' ' Oh, all right, if that's the case,' he exclaimed, rising abruptly. By the by, Floy, I'm going to make a little call.' ' Where ?' she asked, looking up quickly. 'Next door, to be sure.' 'Oh, Arnold!' ' Why not ?' he demanded. ' Why shouldn't I return Fairford's visit? Not much harm in looking up a friend of yours and Uncle Roderick's, is there, Floy ? What have you got to say against it? You've no reason, I'll swear.' ' Never mind my reason, Arnold. I am sure you won't go. I don't want you to go. I ask you to oblige me by staying away.' 'Look here, Floy,' he answered, ' there's hardly anything you can ask me I won't do gladly.' ' One can generally obtain what one does not want,' she returned. 'There is nothing else I wish to ask you, but I do very particularly want you to oblige me in this.' As she sat gazing eagerly into his face, he brought a chair to her side, and resting his arms upon the table, leaned across it. ' Don't you want to learn the truth about Uncle Roderick?' he de manded. ' Of course, you know I do. You know how anxious I am to learn the truth. But neither Mr. Fairford nor -nor anyone at his house can have the slightest glimmering of an idea of it. Not any more than your yourself have.' ' I haven't a scrap. How should I have, considering I was not even in England at the time ? But she knows; the more I think of it the more sure I become.' 'Then,' she said, rising and draw ing herself erect, so that he forgot Owon for the moment to admire her glorious form, 'you refuse to oblige me? I ask you to do just this one simple thing, and you say no.' 'I'd a deuced sight rather say yes,' he replied; ' and it's for your sake I stand firm quite as much as my own.' 'That,' she retorted, ' is perfect non sense. I don't want you to do any thing for my sake.' ' Well,' he urged, 'if you really believe the woman is ignorant, where is the harm in my calling upon Fair ford? Why should you be so pre cious anxious she shouldn't be run to earth ?' She flushed prettily. 'Not for that reason at all,' she answered. ' But you believe this this person lives at Forest Prospect.' ' So do you, Floy.' ' And if she does, that Mr. Fairford wishes to keep his own council con cerning her. I hate this notion of prying into another person's affairs.' 'That begs the entire question. I maintain it is my affair-very much my affair. It's not as though I in tended to give myself away. It's true I mean to go, but he will never know why. Just a friendly look up, you know.' ' Friendly !' she exclaimed contemp tuously, and, leaving him, went away to torment herself by wondering whether, in her secret desire to help Owen, she had not been betrayed too far. Was she so sure that this person had no connection, however innocent, with her father's disappearance ? Was she prepared to forego a know ledge of the truth sooner than bring further trouble upon Owen? For of one thing she felt no doubt: whatever explanation of the mystery might eventually be forthcoming, it must necessarily redound to Owen's credit. Concerning Arnold she felt a fresh disappointment. So this was the ex tent of her influence over him, which he had vaunted. The day before yes terday he declared sh.epossessed power to make or mar his life; this morning he refused to give up one desire in order to please her. Fortune, favouring the bold per haps, discovered Owen on his doorstep when the visitor arrived at Forest Prospect about eleven o'clock. ' A jolly morning,' he exclaimed, in thatpeculiarly jaunty cordial manner of his. ' So precious dull at home, I thought I'd give you a look up. I see you're an idle man like myself, so I'll just make myself at home and walk in.' For a moment Owen seemed to hosi tate, and Arnold began to expect a rebuff. Then Owen stepped into the hall. 'Oh, come in,' he said in a tone which would have repulsed a less thick-skinned man. 'Come into the dining-room, if you don't mind. You'll have a drink ?' 'Thanks. The worst of a house with a woman at the head of it. She never understands a Johnny's wants. You can't find it very frolicsome here,' he added, helping himself from the whisky and the syphon which Owen took from the sideboard. 'No, I don't,' answered Fairford, following his guest's example, and sitting down. ' My cousin tells me you live alone, too.' Owen nodded assent. ' How on earth do you kill time? By. killing birds, I suppose ? Shoot at all ?' 'In April?' asked Owen, with a smile. ' I forgot. To tell you the truth, I think I'm going dotty. My head has only got one idea in it just now. You see, I have all my work cut out. Imagine my position-a thousand a year ready to drop into my hands, and yet devil a sou can I touch until I prove my uncle's death. It isn't so much that I am actuated by a desire to punish the murderer-' ' If he was murdered.' ' Well, what do you think ?' ' I try to keep an open mind until I see some more evidence,' answered Owen. ' That be hanged!' cried Arnold, whose head soon became affected. ' You can't help having a theory.' 'If I were bound to express an opinion,' said Owen coldly, ' I should say Mr. Derwent committed suicide.' ' Then where on earth is the body ?' 'If I could answer that question, the truth would have been known long ago. No doubt Mr. Derwent was be side himself with grief. His bed had not been disturbed; he had not lain down that night. He was heard to call his dead wife at 11 o'clock-a sign his mind was unhinged, at all events, for the moment. I don't agree with Inspector Holt that he merely went away, simply because I know of many cases where suicides have evi dently tried to hide all traces of their acts. God help them !' 'Well,' answered Arnold, leaning excitedly forward, ' I'll tell you what I believe. You remember my cousin's story about the housemaid, and what she saw ?' Arnold waited for an answer, but none was forthcoming. Owen's face, however, became a shade paler, and taking a glass, he filled it from the syphon, and moistened his lips. ' You remember that ?' Arnold in sisted. ' Yes, I remember that.' The recol lection apparently caused him any thing but satisfaction. 'Very well. Now it's evident this woman prowls about the village at night.' 'Evident that she was walking in the village one night, perhaps.' 'Who is she?' Arnold demanded, leaning further across the table. 'Nobody knows who she is, where she lives. Nobody but this servant of ours ever saw her. Mustn't there be some pretty strong reason for keeping her dark ?' ' I should imagine so.' Owen mois tened his lips a second time. 'Suppose she's a luny--' ' I beg your pardon ?' ' A lunatic-out of her mind, off her head, dotty, you know.' Owen started perceptibly. ' Suppose she's a lunatic, I say.' ' Yes, yes; I quite understand.' ' I wish to Heaven I did !' Arnold exclaim. ' Well then suppose, again, she encountered my uncle that night of the fourth of March.' Owen rose, and walking to the window, stood looking out of it. 'My imagination is not strong enough,' he said quietly. ' Fairfold,' cried Arnold, rising impetuously and coming behind him, ' I declare to God I'll run that woman to earth!' 'She may be as ignorant as the rest of us - as innocent.' Owen seemed to be placing a great control upon himself, speaking as if the words were wrung from him. ' Then,' Arnold demanded, 'why doesn't she speak out ?' ' Being ignorant, how can she ?' 'She isn't ignorant. Innocent she may be. I'll swear she saw my uncle that night. Why is there so much mystery about her ?' 'Surely,' 0 woen returned, 'there may be excellent reasons for that reasons of the-the woman's own, of no consequence to anyone else.' 'I'll find out,' cried Arnold. The two men were facing each other now. ' The wisest course for her friends is to help me. If they don't, the conse quences rest with them. If I drop across her, I'll have her veil off her face - ' She is a woman, Derwent,' said Owen; and his fists were nervously clenched. ' A hang for that! if she's a devil, I shall tackle her.' 'As you suggest,' said Owen, 'she may have friends, Mr. Derwent.' 'I'm not afraid of them or any man living,' Arnold retorted. ' My only wish is to get possession of my own. Well,' he added, ' I didn't come here to excite myself, only to kill time just to look you up, you know. Time I was getting back to Florence.' As he passed through the hall, he turned deliberately and looked about him. 'A nice old staircase,' he said. ' You can't say you haven't plenty of room; that's why you put the parti tion up, I suppose ? Well, good-bye, Fairford. I hope you'll give us a look up again before long; and don't cut away so early next time you come. Ta ta.' O wen Fairford re-enteredhis dining room, and walking to the fireplace, rested his head in his hand. There was no one to see his face, but had there been a spectator, he would have needed a hard heart indeed not to sympathise with its uttery misery. Nor did Arnold appear entirely pleased by the interview. 'I wish now I had taken your advice and stayed at home, Floy,' he said, after luncheon. 'That's the worst of me : I never see things until it's too late. Not but that I gained something. I had very little doubt before, but now I'll stake my life she lives there-behind that partition upstairs. I'd give something for a quarter of an hour behind it. Still, I admit I made a mistake; I showed my hand, you see.' 'I-I don't quite understand,' Florence answered. 'Well, of course, he knows I'm on the watch now. He'll keep her close, whoever she is. He'll have to, if he doesn't want me to see her.' CHAPTER XV. ASSAULT AND BATTERY. After dinner that evening- Florence left her cousin to his own resources, but at eleven o'clock came down from Ann's room to bid him good night. ' Don't let them turn out the lights,' he said. ' It's no use my going yet. I may as well make myself comfort able indoors for another hour or more.' She clasped her hands nervously as she looked down into his upturned face. ' No use going where ?' she faltered. ' On the watch, to be sure.' 'Oh, Arnold,' she cried, 'I hoped you had had enough of this.' 'Enough ! I haven't begun. Why, Floy, I told you I meant to shadow that woman like death.' 'Never mind what you told me, Arnold. Don't do it; please don't do it. Oblige me in this. Mr. Fairford was a friend of father's, he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you called at his house and pretended that he was a friend of yours. Please, Arnold, give in to me in this.' 'Sorry, Floy, but it can't be done,' he answered. 'It puzzles me you take such an interest in the chap. You haven't known him three months all told. You go to bed, and when I've discovered the truth, you'll be thank ful I stood firm for once in my life.' She turned away very sadly, and Arnold began to repose upon two chairs. Shortly after midnight he be came eager to be doing something. It was a cool, fresh night, and he turned up his coat collar as he quitted the house. Then he took his stand under the shadow of a large sycamore tree, and fixed his eyes upon the two gates of Forest Prospect. But though, with patience worthy of Joe Bodger, he waited there two weary hours, no sound fell upon his ears save the striking of the distant church clock, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves, and the occasional crowing of a restless chanticleer. It was eleven the next morning when he came down to breakfast. 'No luck last night,' he said. 'Of course, I put the Johnny on his guard. An awful juggins I was! Well, Floy, we'll see who tires first.' Arnold Dorwent was not the only person in Rookfield who perplexed his mind about the mysterious woman in black. After going dutifully to church on Sunday evening, Lizzie went to her father's cottage, a clean white build ing, with a roof of extremely orna mental thatch, standing at a convenient distance from the churchyard; the field of Mr. Mogford's labours for so many years that, at least as far as the living were concerned, he regarded that domain as virtually his own pro perty. 'It's my opinion you see a ghost, Liz,' said Mrs. Mogford, the only black- haired member of the family. 'I've seen 'em myself, come to that. Take the night before poor Aunt Lotty died.' 'It wasn't no ghost,' declared John, the eldest son; ' I never saw a ghost. I lay she'd holloa if I laid hold on her.' John followed up the assertion with a loud guffaw, as he drew his huge boots further beneath his chair. 'If it wasn't a ghost,' said Mrs. Mogford, 'I don't see no harm done. A person can walk what time she likes and no harm done, if so be she is a person; what do you say, father ' 'I say-the same as you say, Emma,' answered Mugford, who from long ex perience found this a plan which saved trouble and ill-feeling. He was a thick-set, bow-legged, dreary faced man, with a shock of bright red hair, and an invariable smell of earth about his clothes. ' We'll soon find out that 'ere,' said James, the younger born. 'How's that, Jim ?' asked Lizzie; ' 'how are you going to find out ? ' /tOa o antianuafj. 