SNAP-SHOTS. [BY MABKSMAN.] Wibdöor women want " wotes." D.T.-*. Daily Telegraph" and Direct Taxation. Result of The Barwon poll : Willis 602, McDonnell 501. A case of 2 to 1 Barwon. Dr. Garrett didn't get to the Garret of the Parramatta poll. He remained in the Basement. A working carpenter has been returned to tho House. He ought to be an adept, at *« drawing his screw." This winter is said to be the dryest on record. The recent election was also the dryest yet experienced. There .are some people in the town who don't appear to be able to understand plain English when they read it. Bead is Bight in sticking to the Leader ship« and Wise is un*Wise and. otber- Wise is supporting Parkes' proposal to depose him. Principal Thompson's recent visit to Hay was made during wintery weather» Next time he goes there he should go in the summer-that is, " make Hay while the gun ebLoep.'' George Beswick. 98 years of age, arrested in Victoria for vagrancy» and sent to gaol. In uncivilized countries the aged and de* orepid are the first charge pn the young and vigorous. But we are civilized. A country paper, on the Barwon élection, says:-"Little by little, as the smaller returns came in, Willis crept up, until only some #0 votes -separated him "from, his opponent." Yes, that's the-weird-«crept.' Mr. Smailes, the successful Granville candidate, was the first to poll in Parra matta. Mr. O'Reilly, the successful Parra matta' candidate was the first to poll in Granville. Thus they were first at the poll and first on the poll. "Parson Mayne'* writes to the " Bath urst Sentrnel'^-r-" Keepit quiet. JSiow that Morgan is returned -for the Hawkesbury I have very great hopes of being appointed to the Upper House. How will it knock 'em ? The Hon D. Mayne, M.L.Q. 1" The battle is over «ad viotory's mon, And tine broad field |s strewn with the dead On whose lives the soft raya oí political BOD For the past three long years ¿ave been shed ; Simply ghosts of the past-jail the meo be wbo ruled In spite of the4>roteate of people they fooled The people whOBe anger has only been cooled Byfir^^hem^nt oo^heir head. tlndfci tiie^ëw Sectoral Act, every voter 1B expected to DEMAND a ballot-paper on en tering . Jh| booth* At one of the Hawkes bury, polling-places the Presiding-officer asked one of the, " free and independent/' "Bó ^oá'want a ballot-paper ?'\ "<)f course I do-what -the Hades else do you think I came here for ?" was the reply. A large majority of the Members of the new House are in favour of land-value taxation Ifs coming, for sure, the land-value tax, - For ot men in the House there's a band Opposed tp ithe taxing of stomachs, and backs, , AndLin favour1 of making'"the land Pay a share from the value the people create Towards meeting the needs and requirements of State. _ Rev. T. Moore, preaching on Sunday night referred to the lack of interest generally displayed by young men in anything but sport, and said his patience was exhausted when he saw how little attention they paid to their intellectual development.; True. Ask the average young mad how his mother is* and he will need to go home and enquire before he can answer *, but he can still tell you without hesitation what weight Grand Flaneur carried when he won the Melbourne Cup, and who held the highest bowling average 