DOCTORS DIPPER. Two of tho religious bodies of the colony are just now holding sessions in the city,1 and neither in tho one nor the other do the members in a doctrinal sense foregather kindly. The Motho- distic connection met first, and having chosen their president sat down to liston - to tho discourse of his predecessor. Mr. Ex-president Moul- ton is strong in the saving powers of dootrino, a Bouiful pastor believing in the efficacy of spiritual food, and contont to leave bodily wants to secular associations. As wo understand him, men might want work, but the minister would not be under obligation to furnish any direct relief. Ilis time would be better employod in expounding tho saored mysteries, and so pre paring souls for their next incar nation. Tho condition of mind out of which such theories and principles as theso could be evolved is by the selfish, no less than the pious) man to bo envied. It would leave the one freo to gratify all his own desires, the other to forget all the woos of the world and on joy n, continuous estntic vision. " I enjoy my life, ves," said a very thorough Bohemian once, " and tho reason is perhaps that the sufferings of my fellow creatures do not trouble ine much." " I am happy in meditation on tilings of the spirit," tho spiritual doctor might say, because I have con vinced myself that it is advisable to put tho wants and woes of the flesh aside. The one, of course, is indif ferent, but can the other bo forgetful of the fact that the " forasmuch" of most awful portent to all Christian men presaged clown to exactly such indifference, forgetfulness and neglect. For surely it will not bo argued that spiritual hunger or spiritual thirst, spiritual sickness or spiritual bonds, are referred to in the Evatigol. There has not hitherto been any question raised as to the inerrancy of that text. It is one of the passages which blazes across the centuries in characters of living lire, and by whom kindled no Christian presumes to doubt. And yet the position of the Metho dist ex- president is intelligibleas conve nient. Like the celibacy of the Catholic clergy, it lias its advantages in that it leaves a man free for the duties of the " higher life." It is not a cutting off of tho right hand, or a putting out of the right oye, but it is a relegation of tho duties which some folks will say tiio right eye ought to see, and the right hand ought to perform to whoever may choose to espouse thorn. 'Tis well for Methodism perhaps that the con ference does nob seem to be unanimous in approval of the tenets held and ad vocated by its late president. They tend to a far-away solace rather than to a , present, help, and to a liberal dis tribution. of tho Holy Ghost without much care that tho human sanctuaries ; are decently provided and prepared. It is hardly possible to conceive that any practical good will come of it, or that tlie human life of the city and colony will bo rendered ' more" sweet and wholesome, or that the dootrinedis- tilled from the various sources will bo purer thiin of old. And as if ono schism, or in milder phrase one sensational proposal, were not enough tor one season, the assembly of Presbyterians, following on the con vocation of Methodists, appoint to themselves a Moderator who straight way- delivers himself of a long-pent-up volume of second-hand doubt and difficulty which must needs shock every godly countryman of John Knox. The new Moderator is disposed to be iconoclastic in his dealings with the. books of the Testament as was 'O.mau, the Conqueror with those of: 'Alexandria. The incarnated duty which- lives - through the Scriptures as though all' the records of the world's history is enough for him and for all others. Every man may take what pleases him of the books, tho only ;essbntial is that lie hold to the central fact. To others than Scotchmen this creed also would have its conveniences, but there is miicli reason to fear that good auld kirk folk will object utterly to such limitations -to . their capacity of belief. They will mourn over the degeneracy of faith which creates such narrowness of vision and poverty of realisation. "When men really did believe, there we're revelations enough. The. Evil Ono walked tlie .-earth,' leaving no room tor doubt as to liis existenco. Did not douce Davie Deans behold him when at a meeting of gorily folk in the glen a tall stranger, dressed wholly in black, appeared amongst thorn, and being near the river bank fell suddenly in, and cried out- with intent to litre them, all on to destruction. Whereupon somo bade cast him a tow, but " Mess J ohn," praying powerfully, cried out let all beware. And then did the Evil Ono tako his own . proper shapo and go down tho stronnt with a marvellous swiftness, crying and roar ing like a bull of Bashan, as the Scripture hath it. Such faith and such revelation arc, of course, utterly vanished. But it is very doubtful if preaching and teach ing of tho sort indulged in by this latest elected Moderator will build up anything moro useful and practical in its place. The mind surrendered to his teachings is conscious of a misty nebulosity taking the place of the lirma- mentof fixed stars of the old Scriptures. .And -that to tho ordinary mind, is not a desirable change. There are, and will be whilo humanity endures, things unspoakablo and truths 'untouchable. In physical capacity the perfect athlete is beyond the 'understanding of tho man ordinarily constituted, and exceptional mind development, insight, imagination and perceptive powers abnormally developed also exist. It is well for those thus endowed to rejoice in their strength, but it is not well to bruit ' abroad those comprehensions which come of communions rarely experienced and seldom understood. It is remarkable to ordinarily well- informed folk that utterances such as these, oven when made by heads of churches, should so stir public interest-. To ' quote a few modern instances only. Surely Bishop Colenso did not live and labor wholly in vain. The controversy between Huxley and St. .Geohge MivauT' can hardly be for gotten. Every doubt that Mr. MTnnis, tho Moderator, expresses has been more forcibly expressed before, and loyal hearts and true, unattached to any church, and generally indeed hold in contumely by all religious bodies, have upheld tho White Christ, and the o.n ly exemplar of mankind, with at least, equal fervor. When to give . alms and to distribute is not a. first duty with one Christian pastor, when another insists on his right to pick and choose as he. iikes amongst the books of - Holy . Scripture, and to inter pret them, as lie pleases, where is certainty or fixity or any rock absolutely steadfast. Bitter was the satire .of tho English organ of ultra- montanism when the representatives of all the dissenting churches sot out oil their , pilgrimage to Palestine. Make a little dotour on tho roturn journey, said tbo Tablet, and so approach the Spltinx. Gather alto gether at the feet. . of that . monster and turn tlie tables on it, once and for u.11, by presenting all your difficulties and all your differences for solution and settlement. 