The pecoasjty of q water etipply for Avoca waB uevor better exemplified t)xanon the occasion of fho recent fires which took plapo, and thp nnrrow esoapee from yery serious eonflagratiops which were experienced constrain ns to onee more call attention to tjfis all igj. portppt pubjeot. It is high time thp-t the pooplo of A7oca took the matter up thoroughly, and depispded that wntor be provided, evon if only to protect thomsplvos pgqinst fito. When the dovouring element had boon suhdued at the roar of Alias JleVicar's business establishment fast Week, tho supply of watpr was just exhpustpd, and ha4 tho j-Mrn Rrigado pot got it under pontrol, tho ijameB would hqye expended to tie adjoining buildjngs and the wlfole block must have been destroysd while every one stood helplessly looking on, power-- less to do the Bljghtost good, and all for the want of water. It is annoying to think that we should have to be con tinually urging the peoplo op fo get a water supply, when they, have euoh grqnfj /flOffjtieB close at hand, 4a pl| AlAiJUU Z/AU AAIIAU.I ZAA' I are aware a splendid scheme for supply ing the town not only with water for fire purposes, but with wholesome and pure drinking water, can bo carried out at the Pyrenees ranges for a cost of something like the mndetqte sum .of £80.00. This has beep decided upon by tbe people, but the Council will not proceed with it, giving as the reason that there is not sufficient rateable prop-rLy to pay the interest pp the money to be borrowed. This is all nonsense for wa have' no hesitation whatever in saying that tho residents of Avoca would be only to.o willing to pay rates sufficient to coyer tb,o interest, if they could get thq water. The dila turiness of the Shire Council irt this matter is doserving of e.very censure, an,d we trust to see the people .demand that the patter -Jqo taken pp witho.pt further delsy. A proposal has heen moo tod to sink two or three tanks in th.e reset yes in High Street, bpt to this project we must ssy we pre totally opposed. Ve liayjs heard quite suffi cient of en, oh w.ater conservation to pre.- di.ct thnt it would b.e tpost unwholesome, apd very probably nothing jjfft beds iqr breeding disease would result. If is just us easy to go in and secure a good supply of- pure fresh water ..tba.t wjll luit for all piffle, as it is to go frittering piopey pway in making tpnks qr otfiersrigp ptoiing ynter, and ip the pife cqse tfio water could be used for bptji firo extinguishing and general pee, bpt jn tjte other it woul.d he only available for fire purp.oeis. We urge upon the people tho ' great necessity .of taking this suhjoct up with a determination to have that which they re.quiro, and to effectively trample down all opposition. Tho Harvest Thanksgiving services cele brated in tjie Avoca \ycelcyan Church, on Sunday, were both well ettsndod. The Rev. Mr Presslcy, who was in .cIibVbo of tho Avocn circuit some tiireo years ugo prcacljed at each service, delivering most takjpg apd impressive addressi-D. In the oveninu his text wait sclccterl from Jcrrmiah 8th chapter and 20 th verse 'Tho harvest is past, thoi 'summer is ended apd wo are not saved.' From this pastne'o ho'spoke at soine length and wits listened to with the utmost attention arid interest by the large congregation The (llllrpll trritt carl' Inolnfnll,, ...tit. the f.-iiiig of the earth, tijS djpplay beiog a really first class ono. The pliojr' aaug two apthejps qppropiiito to the occasion. We live in a tyqrld qf surprises— At Mr Wilson's tneoling iri the Shire Ha" on Fri day evening ,\l r Titos. McHugli said ' f utn nflt Opposed If) eiitqbljshiiig q butter factory, nnd never jiave bgep,-' yy l.i-p bo tpsile this statement the ghosts qf the Girls of jackass .Fist, which were hovering round him, did pot even smije. Wo nwnit tli.e re ac:ion, however, ns we aan gcaroely believe that ho is such a convert to the cease as to have so far forgotten hiin'self fqr any length of Ijiuo. . ' " The annual race meetjng of the Avoca Shire Turf Club promises to be one of the best held for some years. The entries are good, and so are the horses engaged in the various events.Adding to this the know- ledge of Mr Hodgetts' ability as a handi- capper close finishes may be confidently looked for. Those who love a good day's sport will not be absent from the Avoca racecourse on Friday next. We look forwnrd ..with jntorept to th,o promised report of Mr Wilson's meeting to ho given in tfw free Prep on Wednesday. Wo do this pitpply because tho representative of that journal jvap conspicuous by j;,"p absence front tho reporters' table. The Lexton races take place on Wednes day, and as excellent entries linvo been re- | coivtd a most enjoyublo day's sport will bo 1 enjoyed." Tjiero js 'sum to be a largo J attendance, nnd most complete 'arrange? ) ments linvo boon hmdo for tlio gnibering. I Tito Avoca District Binss Bund journeys ' to llomebneli on Saturday evening next, ' W|icn they will render' ' an oxcollent pro gramme pf tnqsjp. " ' Wo were yesterday shown a frog, wjtjclt was found at a consjdorublo depth ip the Madame Hopkins shaft in the roclc. Tito frog, whjclt js oply one of hundreds seen tlip.ro, is as lively as any ftog found on the flurfuee, and can see equally noil. Mi D. Williams, Secretary PL the Caris- brook races t.o 'bo run on Easter Monday, will _bo at the Avoca races on Friday to receive entries, Nominations clqso on that .day so owners should be sure to soe liitn. At St. John's Church on Sunday evening the Rev ,T A Bull preached n memorial sermon of the late Miss Bacon. The pulpit, Communion rail, and reading desk were draped in block. Two beautiful wreaths of white roses were placed on the pulpit and desk, and an anchor of roses on tho communion rail ; the deceased lady's pew was also draped in black with a wreath of three sprays of roses entwined. The Rev J A Ball took his text front the 14th chapter of Murk, 8th verse, in which Jesus said ,"She hath done want she could." The Rev. gentleman said the words were very appli- cable to the deceased ; for though site had been compelled through illness to retire from her profession she had continued to labor for the good of the community and she worked hard for the Church and putting her trust in God—had truly done what she could. At the close of the service the choir sang the Anthem " Unveil thy bottom faith- ful Tomb" and the Dead March was played as the people left the Church, . 