TO DAY. THURSDAY, JULY 15 AlICTIOSB. liam.. ft. Toalki* and Co., Residence, Yaamba Hoad, Furniture, AC. II a.m., C. 8. Curtis, Ilnonis, Kast-strect, Mou' (?uinea Curios, Mutfjrv Horse, r"urntltii¥, Il-v. ker'* Slock, ic. MebTI.NOS. (i il'Mi.ui., Protestant Halt, Orange Celeliratlnn. 6 p.m.. rrchool of Aria, Mr. A. Archer'* Mobthiir. 8 p.m.. North Itoekhanrpton, Council Chambers, Wel- come lo »er. A. II. J .Hus. 6 ii.ni., Kupliet Church, Temperance Address, Urs. 13 litton. Títere «ere no cases for hearing at tho Police Court yesterday. Mr. A. Archer, M.I.A., «ill address a meeting of the electors of Rockhampton at thc School of Arts this evening. Mr. Tozer informed a deputation of thc Brisbane Council that of their many proposal amendments of thc Local Government Act, bo did not approve of thc oue which pro- vided that thc Mayor should be elected by the ratepayers, and not hy thc aldermen. At a public meeting held in Ipswich tho other day thc following resolutions were unanimously agreed to, and an influential committee appointed to carry them out: *' That in vie»' of thc high character and valuable services nf the late John Macfarlane, M.L.A., this meeting is of opinion that a fund should be raised, to bc called the ' Mac- farlane Memorial Fund,' in order to obtain a fitting record of Ihc same."-"That thc fund so raised bc speiit iii erecting a drinking fountain, bearing a suitable inscription, in Miine sit« tobe chosen in tho Queen's Park or vlscwhcro, as thc cammi1 tee may decide," Thc half-yearly meeting of St. Joseph's branch of tho Hibernian Benefit Society was held on Tuesday evening. There were seventy two members present, and the contests for thc various offices wera extremely keen. The results were :-President, J. O'Donnell ; V.P., ,1. Sheehan ; secretary, M. J. Farrell ; treasurer, P. Murray ; warden, J. Flanagan ; guardian, T. Rogan ; sick visitors, J. Flanagan and E. Norris ; delegates to District Hoard, J. Molouey and J. O'Donnell. Dr. Macdonald » a» linaniniottely chosen as medical attendant, and Messrs. E. R. Row and Co. as chemists. Thc receipts for thc evening were £57 18s. 1 The fatality which lias followed thc flank I of New Zealand, soys tho Sydney BuUrtiii, is another warning to that dying father who leaves his family a emull fortune iuvested in bank shares, and then passes away with n blissful conscience that their future is pro- vided for. Australia is a very new country,, yet it can probably show already aa many dead banka as it can banks thal are yet alite. It will probably show a good many more dead banks before tho close of the century. The visible moral is that every bank, like every human being, dies sooner or Inter, and thc best that can be hoped is that it will go later. Generally, however, it goes sooner. How many unquiet ghosts of dead husbands and fothers must roam around the aitea of the old Iluuk of Australia, the three defunct banks of South Australia, tho two Mer- cantiles, the Federal, the Bank of Van Dieman's Land, tho Provincial and Suburban, the forgotten Australian and European, thc twin Orientals, the Bank of Queensland, the Bank of Sydney and the old-time Bank of Port Phillip. It is less than eighty years since the first Australian bank waa founded and «hat an awful record 1 'The B.LS.N. Company's steamer Dorunda, from London to Brishaue n'a ports, is expected to arrive in Port Alma on Sunday next. She has a general cargo of 321) tons for Rock- hampton. The monthly meeting of the Rockhampton Ministers' Association met yesterday at thc residence of tho Rev. E. Greenwood. There were present - The Her. Mr. Greenwood (chairman), thc Rev. br. Hay. and thc Rev. Messrs. E. Wilson, E. R. Makin, T. W. I'Ersun, T. Powell, T. R. Lawley, J. Bowes, and A. E. Fox. After u discus .iou upon the question of guul services, arrangements were made which, it is hoped, will lead tn the ??olding of regular weekly service*. The Sec rctary was appointed to represent I he Asso eialion and extend a welcome to Mrs Britten, who ¡B visiting the town as colonia nrganiier for thc Women's Christian Temper ance Union. A paper was read hy thc chair man upon thc subject of " Pulpit Exchange,' and it was arranged that a general uxchangi of pulpilB take place once in three mouths thc first of these " uniou Sundays " to bc ot the 29th instant. Thc ordiuary mouthly meeting of (hi Diocesan Council of thc Church of Engluiu waa held in St. Paul's school room yesterday. Thero were present : - Bishop Dawes (Chair man), the Rev. Messrs A. H. Julius und A Richards, and Messrs. H. Mills, G. Pott« F. H. 13. Tinier, W. S. Warren, and H. Woodd. Apologies for non attendance wen received [from Messrs. W. P. Poley, R. A Ranking, J. C. Tyler, and J. T. Tilbury. Mr. Richards was re-elected Hon. Registrat of the diocese and Hon. Secretary of Hit Diocesan Council and thc Church Society. The Council decided to take steps fordefiniiif the boundaries af the various parishes and parochial und mission districts in the diocese, tirants from thc Kamo Mission Fund in aid ol mission work were made to two districts. An origination committee, consisting of thc Rex-, A. Richards and Messrs. R. l-oulkes, J. T. Tilbury, and W. S. Warren was ap- pointed. Various matters of routine were dealt with, aud several accounts passed foi payment. A hastily summoned mccling of members ol the Labour party was held tn thc Lshout Rooms, Rolsovcr-strcct, last night, to hear an address by Mr. A. Ogden, M.L.A., who arrived in town yesterday aftcruoou. Mr. W. Kidston occupied the chair, and briefly in- troduced Mr. Ogden. Mr. Ogden spoke for an hour, confining his remarks to the neces- sity of the men of Central Queensland getting the benefit of thc franchise and Separation. He wa« going to Brisbane to get the franchise, and have One man, one vote made law, and to do his best to get Separation in Cen;ral aud Northern Queensland. With the franchise, of course,, there would come a lot of reform. In Mackay, where he held a meeting on Mon- day night, there were men working for 12e. Od. «.-week, and when a man got 25s. a-week they thought he was well off. Qc had heard that wages were better here, but they ought to bc better there. lu Mackay all thc email farmers bsd taken to employing black labour, and thc Kanaka WSB even going on «trike np there. If a farmer stinted one he informed the others, who would refuse to work for bim. Much profit wus mido out of the labour of the working man who «as paid only small wages, and he did not see why the money should not be possessed by the labour men. To obtain this end they would have to orgauiBe labour. Ile believed that Separation would do much good. He did not want Separation to hurt the franchise in the South, and he did not think it would. One thing was necessary to farther the ends of thc Labour men, end that was that they should be relieved from the Conservative party who were iu power. It was the labour mail's end to get rid of the present Government. People looked upon Ike Labour party uslhe disorderly people, but they were really orderly people. In New South Wales, Mew Zealand, and South Australia every man had a vole, and he did not see why the men in Queensland should not have tho same privilege. He hoped thc ?nen here would rehira a labour member the first chance they got, and he hoped it was not far off, and that everyone would work for freedom and the franchise. Mr. J. Larcombe moved a vote of lhauks to Mr. Ogden, and Mr. T. Henderson seconded. Thc motion was carried ^.naminously. Mr. Ogden called attention to Mr. Archer's meeting to-night, and asked those present to give Mr. Archer a fair hearing. The Bank of Ne«' Zealand, says thc Sydney Bulletin, reconstructed last week, for Ute third time within seven years. In 1888 this institution wrote off £300,030 of capital und about £000,000 of reserve fund in ouc fatal act, to cover losses, and having thus wiped off the accumulated results of yeats of reckless trading in the boom period, it started wilh a clean sheet, and called up more capital. Right up to the lime of this disaster th« lialance-sheetB represented it as a solvent and flourishing concern, and the loss of 1900,000 wu8 a woeful disillusionment. N< xt year another thunderbolt fell from a clear sky, aud £300,000 more capital was written air, thu alleged cleaning-tip of 1888 having been as un- reliable as the previous state of alleged pros- perity. After that the Rank of New Zealand went on steadily. It was everywhere bc lie'.'eM that the revelations of 188!) iucludcd all the bad debts end disasters af thc old rotten days ; thc institution paid a bumble five per cent dividend rcgulurly, and began to gather up a new reserve in a small way : it issued £fiOU,000 more capital, and thc old shareholders buried their dead cash and made the best of thc situation. Last week, however, it was suddenly uunouueod iu the Meorilsud Parliament thut the Rank of New Zealand was once more ia a desperate situa- tion, and apparently a fresh batch of " revela- tions " is at build. Tho situation waa so awful that a bill was rushed through thc House iu one sitting, to provide for thc issue of £2,000,000 worth of preference shares, said shares, and a four per cent dividcud thereon, being- guaranteed by the state. Half-a million is also lo be called up from thc present unlucky shareholders, a circumstance which, lo many of them, must mean utter min. The head office, which was shifted to London ni the lime of thc lost mishap, is lo bc removed to Wellington ; thc accounts arc to be con- stantly inspected by Government auditors, the management is to be subject to the direction of tho Treasurer, and the chairman of directors is to bc appointed by the Executive Council. Thc new preference capital is nominally repayable at par in ten years, and in thc event of default thc líovcrn ment will appoint a receiver, which will be praclicallyequivalent to Inking over thc Rank of Now Zealand und making il astille instilo tion. It would probably have been mole satisfactory if thc state had taken over thc bank bodily on tho spot. The troubles nf that lamentable concern seem endless, and, though it is doubtless good policy to avert thc crash which was imminent, the device of guaranteeing any private institution, no matter under what limitations, is n pro ordained failure. Thc Hank of New Zealand is not an affair of thc first magnitude, yet in ¿ seven years it huB written off £I.2UO,000 of tho Bharclioldem' money as absolutely lost, it ha's issued £501),030 of new capitol, it proposes now to call up £iiflO,0(M) more, and it Btill requires £2.000,000 under a Stole guarantee to keep it nfl/ist. To all intents nnd purposes, therefore, it seems tn have got into difficulties lo thc extent of £4,000,008, which ghastly record in hardly calculated to inspire confidence in thc future. Considering thc humble five per cent which it hos paid on its present capital of £000,000, the prospects of ordinary shareholders for tho next few years, after the dividend of four per cent on £2,000,000 of preference capital is provided for, seem to bc about nil. The im- pending call will lie a melancholy experience for many shareholders. Maoriland had a chlldliko faith in its big bank in former years, aud tho fortunes of many widows and orphans were invested in Bank of New Zealand I* shares in the days when that institution was founded on a rock. Thero will be very little left of'these fortunes when the third recon- struction is completed. The cold weather appears to have set in in all parts of the division, tho ground locally ' being covered with frost in the carly morning, while frosts arc also reported from Alice, Nebo, Collaroy, and lïuuana, with icc at thc latter place. The. temperature for thc twenty-four hours ended nt 9 a ut. yester- day wan us follow:-Rockhampton, maxi- mum 708°, minimum 37"!!'; Alice, G7°-3I"; Mustard Head, U7°-48°; Hmoruld, li."-34°; Gatcombe Head, lifl"-AO"; St. Lawrence 70° -4.T; Springsure, 33"; Brisbane, U7' 43"; Mackay, 7>V-44°; Maryborough, GA" 38°; Double Island Point, 04"-52°; Sandy Cape, G8"-S2\ Nominations fol' lite election of one trustee, president, two vice-presidents, nine mcmljcrs of committee, mid two auditors of tlie Rock- hampton School of Arts closed last night. Thc following; nominations have been received by the Secretary ; au asterisk dcnoteB thc names of those at present in otlicc. It will bc seen that several gcntlctneu have been nominated for more than one otlice : - Trustee : Mesara. T. Kelly, W. M'llwraith, and R. Foulkcs*. President : Messrs. J. Ferguson", W. M'llwraith, nnd IV. Hums*. Vice-présidents : Mebsrs. S. Williams", li. E. 'Graham*, W. Ruins*, and Ur. S. Smart*. Treasurer : M r. W. Davis*. Committee : Dr. S. Stuart*, Rev. li. Wilson, and Messrs. J C. Johnstone*, W. Burns*, G. Potts*, J. A. Briggs*, J. Stephenson", E. E. Grahuni*, A. H. Hardaltor*, F. Roscneder, C. Hitch- cock*, R. Cousins, T. Parker, G. W. Greenish, E. W. Sandford-Wills, F. O. Foster, J. A. Canny, K. M. Graut, W. Irwin, W. Spier, A. Pi.tcrson, and C. lt. Billing. Auditors : Messrs E. R. B. Coat*. F. E. Hunt*, R. Hervev-AIlen, and F. T. Jackman. 'I he election will take place at the annual meeting to be held in the School of Arts on the 10th instant. Oui}* those members nf the institu- tion who have paid their subscriptions will be entitled to vote. The manufacture of leather gloves is one of the chief industries of Luxemburg. Accord- ing to a recent report of the United States Consular Agent there, it was founded nt the beginning of thc present century by a French manufacturer at a time when Luxemburg was under French rule At first thc industry supplied only tho home market mid frontier diBtrictB, but between 1820 and 1830 thu sales were extended to all partB of Belgium, Holland, and Germany. Thc separation from Belgium in thc third decade of thc century was a severe blow to thc industry, but this was overcome by thc admission of the Grand Duchy into thc German CuBtoms Union. Still more injurious was thc political ana commercial crisis of 1848 and 1849. Subse- quently, however, thc industry, which was still confined within modest limits, developed and flourished, especially during the Franco German war, which naturally increased thc exportation to neutral countries. There are now four large and several emull leather glove factories in Luxemburg. These produce about 60,000 dozen pairs of gloves per annum, and give employment to about 2000 persons. Thc manufacture covers all thc processes, from thc raw skin to thc finished glove. Thc materials, lamb and kid skins, arc imported from ell parts of thc world. The chief markets are German}', England, the colonies, and North and South America. Thc male liuuds are Luxemburgers, French, Germans, and Belgians; the female handB arc all Luxem- burgers. The tanning, dyeing, and cutting are after tho French manner. 