BAIRNSDALE, monday At the court of petty sossione on Friday, Oharles Petersen, lioenase of the Club Hotel, was proceeded against by the excise officer for falsely applying the trade mark of Mitchell and Co. to a bottle alleged to contain different whisky. Defendant swore that the liquor was tbo same as when ho purchased it, but had keen exposed to the air which, possibly, had changed it. The bench disagreed, and the case wae adjourned to the 13th inst for re-hearing. ' BALLARAT, Monday. At tbe Town Police Conrt to- day Thomas Barns, alias Kannedy.jwas oharged with stealing sheepskins belonging to David Cargell, of Broadmeadows, and was remanded to Essendon, the skins have been recovered. The prisoner was arrested by Constable Beekman on a des cription published in tho Police Oaselte. BENDIGO, Monday. At a meeting of the Bondigo Agricultural Society on Saturday tht president nnnouneed that the proprietors of the Bendigo Advertiser has given a special prize of 20 guineas for loeal wines, at the next show. Mr. Bailes, ex-M.L.A., was to-night pre sented with a testimonial and £153. The mayor presided. Early this morning a load of lime at the rail way station was destroyed by .fire, caused by the rain. The trnok wae muoh damaged. Charles M'Carthy was to-da'y sentenced to 9- months for being illegally on' the ' promises of Mrs. Goldriok, at Beok Greek. A meeting of the Women's Franchise Leagne was held to-night, when the proposal of the Government to legislate on the lines of one man one vote was diseusBed. Opinions were adverso -to the woman's vote being mixed up with any other proposal. The directors of tho Virginia Company were- to-day empoworsd to sell thoir western or Mur- ohison lease which, with the New Franklyn, is- being secured for the London market. OASTLEMAINE, monday. On Satdrday night Battiaba Sehiappadine-wa.: brought to Castlemaine Hospital from Yandoit .and diod shortly after admission. As he had -exhibited syinptemssimilarjto those due to poison ing, the resident surgeon was instructed to make, a post mortem examination. At the inquiry to-day the evidanoe showed that dsceassd died from Addison's disease and gastric enteritis. On Saturday soveral large Murray cod were- caught in the Expedition Pass reservoir, one of thorn turning the ecale at 61 Ib. EOHUOA, Monday. Two wool boats, tha Rotbbury and Maggie, have arrived from the Mnrrumbidgee with Urge loads of wool. The Murray is still falling, and to-day regis ters 30 feet at the wharf. Up to tho preeent over 4000 bales of wool' have-arrived at the railway station, overland, in transitu to Melbourne. Sinoe last report there have been two arrivals— the Rothbury, Captain Air, from the Mnrrumbidgee, with 1074 bales (Yamma, Tubbo, Kerarbury, Kilfera, ToegimbU- aud Annaudale) ; the Maggie, Captain Hansen, from the Darling, with 1535 baUs (Gnalta, Metallic, Mount Wood, Salisbury Downs,. JJP, Murtee, Cobham, Huston and Fulham). ELMORE, Monday. Mr, W. A. Trenwlth, M.L.A, lectured on Protection on Thursday night in tbe hail to a large audienoe. Dr. Hearae presided, and- a hearty vote of thanks wae passed to the lec turer. LILLYDALE, Monday. A painful accident occurred on Saturday after- noon to a wood cutter named Charies SCor- mack. He was engaged catting wood on the. Cave Hill estate, when the axe slipped and severed a portion of one toe and otherwise injnrediiis foot. MARYBOROUGH, Monday. News has been received from Paris of the death of tbo Very Rev. Dr. Reffe, fonnder of the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, now St, Patriok's. Complete arrangements have- been made for the defenoe-of Mrs. Veanell-at her trial, eom- mencing on Tuesday week. Mr. W. P. For- longe has been retained to defend her. MILDURA, Monday. Henry Williams, sen., has resigned his com mission as a justice of the jieaee for-this baili- wlok. It will be necessary to appoint anothsr justice, a resident within the town boundary, in order to facilitate eourt business. MOB, Monday. The three townships— Yerragou, Trafalgar and Moe — are aBxioua for the draining of the Moe swamp during the present season. It is probable that a deputation from the three places mentioned will interview the Minister on th. matter. The aottiers aid farmers at Hill End are agitating for a post office, the nearest being over 6 miles dietant. A petition is being signed. NUMURKAH, Monday. Mr. Thomas SoilUy, farmer, Katunga, while carting wool, had a fall from a high loaid, resulting in a fractured rib. A (boy, aged 11 years, named Erneat Oroooi, while hunting for sparrow eggs on the roof of Smith's Shamrock Hotel, Nu- mnrkab, foil 34 fest on Saturday through some iron work, on whieh ho put his whole weight, giving way. He landed fairly on his feet, tbe shock causing a compound fraoture of the leg below the knee. RUTHERGLEN, Monday. Caterpillars havo made their appearance in some of the vineyards iutho district, and tho Go vernment has been asked to send Mr.,0. Frenob, the Government Entomologist, to experi ment on tbe pest, as the grape yield last season was severely affected by caterpillars eating > away the viae leaves, leaving the youag-,grapes r exposed todheeun. WERRIBEK, Monday. The 'Messrs. Obireaide have reoeived advie. thaitbafirst-ooBsigaiTHUrt- of hotter from th. I Wreribeo factory thb season per a Ormnz I realised 104s. permit. The oheois from this I factory realised 46s. per cwt in'London, end tho I firet consignment to Melbourne brought 5dL per I lb. Tho Msesre. Ohirnside are receiving largn I orders for tianed bnUer in lib, and 2 lb. ' tins . I for other-colonies. I WOODKNDt Monday. ' I On Saturday tho. 'Minister of Leads visited . I tbe Beat eattlement near -here to aseertain the I exaot position of affaire Many of'the mttlsre fl are in a very bad way and havs to live upon I very little food, with scarcely any -clothing, «s I tradespeople deoline to give credit. Ha t the , I monetary aid of settiera arrived regnlarlytliey B oould have obtained supplies on credit. One I settler at Newhsm avers that ha ha only -got fl from the Government aid amounting en'tlie fl averaga to 2e. 6d. per -week, though -daily work- fl Ing on hie bloek. > fl YARRAM, Monday One of the oldest residents of South Gipps- land, Thomas Jeffs, sen., of Won Wron, died last Saturday. The deceased, who was 84 years of age, came to the colony over 40 years ago, and died of bronchitis and senile decay. 