THE MELON PATCH, i A PSYCHOLOGICAL AMD DIABOLICAL MELON-DRAMA, WRITTEN FOR PRODUCTION IN SEE- AUNTS AND BE-SAUNT CIRCLE i. . (Br "Thb Owl.") INNElt CIRCLE: PERSONS: Mrs. Maranka Cantelope Watermelon, of Somewhere and Elsewhere. Mr. C. Watermelon, same locality. OUTER CIRCIA3: Noma Pompilius Jujube, Gentleman. . Henry XIII., a Melon-catcher. ; Professor Ecarte, Stage-manager and Re searcher. .Bumble, Jumble, and Grumble, Be lievers, Ladies, Ske-aunts Folks, Newspaper Men, G hosts, and Otkers. ACT I. ; Scene I. — The Ohost Room in Madime Cnnl- clope Wat-.r melon's Establshmsnt at Wooiloomooloo. (A scrooR is drawn across the third upper 011 trance. A noat and artistic design in sknlls and shinbones upon the soreon. Musical box, containing, " Daisy Boll," " 'E Dunno Wbero 'E Arc," and " Tlio Man that Broko the Bank at Monto Carlo," on table in centro. Scats facing the screon. Behind soroon (not necessarily for publica tion, but moroly as a guarantoo of good businccs) a small travelling bag, containing ghost's wearing apgnrol of latest fashions, also masks and fittings. Soft, subdnod lime light, placed whoro it will bo likely to do most'good). Enter Mr. and Madame M. C. Water melon. Madame W. : Thinkest thou tlio ghost will walk to-night, beloved ? Mr. M.C.W. : An the ghost walk not it will be different from other occasions. Hast not got tlio making of many ghosts about theo, Marianka ? " Madame -W. : Tea, with the assistance -of the props I think I ican turn out a few \- : tolerable ghosts. Ha; ha, ! Mr. W.: IIa,ha! / Madame W. : Ha, ha, ha! Mr W. : It's funny, ain't it ? Madame W.,: Awful . tunny. You'd . hardly beliovc it was so easy for us to raise the dead, would you P Mr. W. : No, or raise the wind either. But hither they come. Compose yourself, Marianka. Enter the inner circle Numa Pompilius Jujube, bows reverontly to Mrs. Water melon. Henry XIII. bauds lior a bouquet. Professor Ecarte takes the lady by the near side pulse, pulls out his watch, and looks wise. Bumble, Jumble, and Grumble press forward with tlio others to pay court to Madame. Mr. Watormelon re tires to attend to the limelight. Professor Ecarte: Your pulse is some what' low to-night, Madamo. Do you think yon will have strength enough to do the ghost trick thoroughly ? Madame M.C.W. : Perhaps our spirit friends will not be as Btrong on their legs as they have been on previous occasions ; but you know> Professor, I can walk my ghosts under any circumstances. Professor Ecarte : Wonderful ! Roally wonderful ! I shall make a note of it for my pamphlet on " Psychical Research," as illustrated by the tablo test and door dis covery. Numa Pompilius Jujube : When does the ' pamphlet appear. Professor ? Professor Ecarte : . Very 'soon now. I am thinking of finishing it off with an account of to-night's "proceedings. Madame M.C.W.- (sweetly) : Are you making many converts to ghostosophy among your scientific friends, Professor ? Professor Ecarte : Not very many among the scientists, madam, but the general public like that sort of thing, you know. Henry XIII. : .Ye3, the public are dead gone ou ghosts at any time ; but since- Georgio and Tessio and the others have been staying in the city the excitement lias become intense. . . First Lady : Tes3io is -such a dear little thing. Second Lady : Yes, and so is Georgie. I . think it is -|ust lovely to bo a gho3tosophor and see ,the spooks and talk-to them, and ask thorn to give you chocolate croams, ' don't you ? All : Oh, perfectly lovely. Delightful, I'm sure. Mrs. M.C.W.j Shall wo begin the see- aunts, then ? Numa Pompilius Jujube : Yes. I should like to- night to speak to my grandfather's aunt, if you please; Madame. The old lady .. Las been dead about SO years. Mrs. M.C.W. : I shall endeavor to build her up out of my left leg, and a bit of my backbone, Mr. Jujube. Was she a very :b trong and well developed lady P , . Numa Pompilius : I don't know, Sgadame. I never saw her myself, but I have' heard . my father speak 'about her. Mrs. M.C.W. : Then I'll have to take ; my .chance with her. You know , souie- . ; times when the ghosts are very strong they . | use up the wholo of my body and wearing : apparel, except my shoos and stockings. ' I hope you will all romember that. Henry XIII. : I won't forget it. Professor Ecarte: Mrs. Watermelon, before you retiro behind the ghost curtain would you niiud putting out your tongue ? Thank, you, that will do. I will watch how it affects the Bpirits. Mrs. Watermelon retires behind the car- tain. The company arrange themselves in seats facing, as if they were used to the ghost-seeing business. Henry XIH. goes to sit down at the rear, but appears to change his mind and comes more towards the front. Mr. Watermelon (from tho back) : Aro you ready for the lights ? Mrs. Watermelon (behind the curtain): Righto ! Lot her go, Gallagher. The lights are immediately turned all but dead off. A shudder goes through the company, the ladies being heard to g03p. Mrs. Watermelon (from within) : Sot tho musical box going, pleaso. Numa Pompilius Jujube, who is seated near the table, leans over and fixes the. box, which begins to play "'E Dunno Whoro 'e Are." While the harmony's procooding the ghost can be distinctly heard dressing itself inside the curtain. After the tune has concluded a tall spirit ' commences to appear, but the bdx begins again " Daisy Bell." Spirit retires with a gesturo of annoyance. Tune concludes, and ghost is again about to mako its appearance, whon the musical box starts off with "The Man That Broko tho Bank at Monte Carlo." Having finished, the " Man From Monte Carlo " musical-box begins again on first tune, "'E Dunno " A "SPOOK" VANQUISHED. Numa Pompilius Jujube: Hfly, hey! Whoa, whey, whoaback ! I say, lioldon! She won't stop, she's wound up for tho night, she ." At this juncture Mr. Watermelon leaves his post at the limelight, and seizing the box by the ear, hnstles her out of tho room, still reeling off "'E Dunno Where . 'E Aro." . The circle re-composos itself, and com mences to sing the following beautiful hymn : Glory hallelujah, y.ih ! Glory hallelujah, ynli ! " " When the merry musio stops Come and get yonr lollipops. Tessio, Tessio. From yonr. throne among. tho blest, i With dear Gaorgie and the rest, Jtiet as spry as any man can . Como and do your mighty. can-can. Glory hallelujah, yah ! Glory hallelnjah, yah 1 Audience wait expectantly. No ghost appears. .Mrs. Watermelon (within): The dear little spirit is a bit bashful to-night, friends; she has got the toothache. So ' much chocolate cream is not good for spirit 'children. Sing again, friends. (Aside: Hang it, whatever have I done with that black mask?) Henry XIII. (to himsolf): Hello ! some thing has gone wrong with the works. I wonder does she spspect me ?. The circle sing's a verse of another hymn equally beautiful : Oh ! 'tis nice to bo a spirit when tho fusB of living ends, And to go a rapping tables or conversing with yonr friends ; But the higlioat joy iu Hoavon that the sonl of mankind knowB, Is to dance tho darkoned obambor on its ' nimble spirit toes. Oh! to open doors in houses' whon tho gleam ing lights are low, It1s worth the pain of dying, and tho trouble and tho woo ; Oh! to moo'db around tho oirole, whoro the bnmble- jnmbles sit, 'Tis tho joy across the River, and wo oft do praoticoit. .As tlio hymn is brought .to a. close a, nigger ghost (nigger, ghosts have colored" soufs) comes out cautiously from behind the curtains. The ghost walks with an awk,ward, sliding, gliding sort of motion, ; as if it were originally a tall ghost, but had its limb3 doubled uudor it. Ladies of the Circle : Oh ! oh ! Dear Tossio ! Numa Pompilius Jujube : Welcome, friond. Wilt tako a chocolate ? Ghost bows, but does not venture to speak, probably owing to tho fact that, having borrowed the medium's body, it wonld also have to borrow the medium's voice,- the only thing left, and ghosts do not like to be too selfish. Numa Pompilius Jujube : Hero aro the chocolates, Tessio. Come and get them. Ghost sidles np to Numa, takes box of chocolates, rattles them in spirit-fashion, extracts one, and smacks its lip3, after the manner of ghosts. The Circle : How beautiful ! Dear little thing I Grumble: Quite too awfully touching, . bai jore ! This ghost is an ornament to any drawing-room, dontcher know ! j umble : Tes ; bai jove. Quite a recherche ghost, dontcherknow. j . Bumble : Precisely so. Just tho thing, you know. Spirits always do that sort of . thing, you know. ! First Lady: Oh ! Tossie; won't you give- : me one ? Second Lady: Won't you give me one, Tessio? Ghost advances in a slithering sort of manner, and puts chocolates between the lips of each lady with her little fingers. . Mrs. Watermelon (from the limelight) : Although it's dark, friends, you will observe that Tessie's fingers are little ; at least, you can take our word for it. (Aside) — If anyone ever blows the gaff we will mako a point of that little business. Tessio put chocolate in their mouths with her little fingers — little will be specifibd to show they were not tho medium's big fingers. Professor Ecarte : Bring me a choco late, T'esaie. I want to write all about you in my book. I want to convert the sceptics \- with yon, Tessio. Tessie advances to the Professor, winks at -.him, chucks him under the chin, and then puts a chocolate in his mouth. Professor Ecarte : Thanks, dear Tessie. Your touch reminds me of the 'Marble Man. I will have you photo graphed. Henry XIII. (to himself, while the suh- ' soquentconversation is going on, musingly): Hjui, that sounds funny. But Ecarte, of . course, is hot in the switn. Surely ho must . know that a man nathed ' Mn'mbor, in the .employ of Bigelo'w, of Boston,' found out -the trick of photographing "ghosts" as far hack as 1861, and got into trouble about it later on. Aid you've got to do is to rig up a dummy "ghost" in a white sheet, well dipped in blue water, before a dark background. Then mark on the' focussing glass the position where the ' " ghost" has been impressed on tho nega- ' tive, and oxposo the " ghost " for a moment. Then photo in yonr 'live sitters from a dark background. Any amateur with the camera can do it easily. First Lady (rhapsodising) : Dear Tessie, tell us how does it feels to be. a real chocolate cream-oating spirit. Gho3t bows, but does not answer. Grumble : Do spirits nover got tired of chocolate creams, Tessie ? Ghost bows but doo3 not reply. Henry XIII. : How many beans make five, Tessie ? Ghost casts a look of infinite scorn upon him, and retires within tho cabinet. Mrs. "Watermelon (within, immediately after) : You have offended the poor little thing. Henry XIII. : I am an unlucky number, I apologise ; ask her to come out'again. Mrs. Watermelon ; You must all sing, then. - The circle sings another beautiful bymn, in vvhicb thp musical-bo from the next ropm makes a vala.fvt tempt to join, but is sat upon by Mrs. Watermelon. .Thoro js'a land lyhero the. Khost-httntergoo8;' - ' In tho tiino whou'ho turn's np his toos. To the daisies. There ho dream's lovely dreams, and tlio choo'lnbe creams ; On tho tall spirit ghmtroesftro growing. There he'sluinbers ail day, bntat night speeds - away -. To the ploco wliore the ghost-bant is going. In tlio darkoned ghost room, if the ghost- business boom \- With his tricks and his antics you'll find him, His mask on his faco aud the shroud in its plaoo. With his bnstlo and shoes jnst behind him. Combination ghost of Georgie, Tessie, Evangeline, and other well-known spirit citizens appears before the curtain. The Inner Cibcle (in chorus) : Good- noas gracious, what a lovely boiling of 'em. Mrs. Watermelon's voice from some- . where about tho same vicinity : This is the way they sometimes did it in other lands. Henry XIII. suddenly leaves his seat, rushes forward, and seizes ghost, exclaim ing : This is tho way they sometimes catch , them in Sydney ! ' (Curtain.) Scene II. — One minnte laUr. Same groat confusion. Combination ghost struggles to get freo. Henry XIII. holds on to it liko a Trojan, exclaiming: Strike a. light ! For the love of truth strike a light ! : Somebody in- tho audience strikos matches, whioh are immediately blown out again by 1\. somebody else. , Numa P. Jujube: Help! help! The ghost has got a fit. Run for water to revive the poor ghost. Run ! Run liko old boots ! Quick ! quick ! Bumble, Jumble, and Grumble : Deah me ! How striking, how wonderful ! Weally now, weally. Professor Ecarte : By Jingo ! A now development. I must make a note of this for my pamphlet. I wonder where the medium is ? Henry XIII : Hurry up with the light there ! I've struck the melon patch ! Ghost (struggling violently) : Let me go ! The ghost will never walk any more. Ah ! don't ! . . . Musical-box. from next room, " And 'E Dunno where E' Are." In the excitement Mr. Watermelon mixes up tho limelight. Suddenly ho turns it full on by mistake. The : ghost is discovered on its knoe3 outside the curtain. Mask falls off and shows Mrs. Watermelon ! ' . ACT -If. . . : Scene X .—A Room in Madame Marion Cante- ... lope Watermelon's Establishment, ; Mrs. M.C.W., seated npon'a divan. Professor . Ecarte, Messrs. Bumble, Jumblo.and others, Madame M.C.W. (fanning herself) : Oh! . that horrible Henry. Professor ' Ecarte : Yes, yes; he re- minded me very much of Dr. Tighe's son; \- I'll put him in my pamphlet. Madame M.C.W. (blushing) : Would you believe it, the shock was so great .to the poor ghost that my shoes and stockings fell Off. Professor Ecarte : Or might we not, as psychic researchers, say that . the shock to ' 1,01 was so great that the poor ghost's" shoes and stockings fell off ? Madame M.C.W.: Perhaps that would be better. Professor Ecarte: And tl;e ghost's clothes melted into the moonlight, eh ? They were not, you know, not Madame M.C.W. : Oh, yes, certainly Why, dear mo, of course not ! I wouldn't think of such a. thing; besides, 1 don't wear 'em ! Bumble to Jumble: There, you hear that? She says she doesn't wear 'ein! ' Jumble to Grumble: Sho says she' doesn't wear 'em ! Grumble : Deah me, bow singular! . Very ! ' Professor Ecarte .- I'll make a note of it. It remiuds me of the Marble Woman. ' (Enter newspaper men, Js.P., . and ' others.) ' -Mrs. Watermelon (with, a shriek of delight) : Oh, here are the dear newspaper .men! .. Now I will explain, everything. Are any of you see-aunts' people ? Newspaper Men: No, none of us. Madame M.C.W. (with a disappointed air) : That's a pity ; you would have understood hotter. However, you can say that I have seen Georgie and Tessio and tho rest of them, and Tessie wishes me to tell - the Sydney public that the -shock to her system was so great that my shoes and stockings fell off. Professor Ecarte : No, 110. Tlio shock to your system was so great that her shoes and stockings fell off. ,! Mrs. M.C.W. : Thank you, Professor. That is the way it should be put (to re porters). . And say that I don't wear 'em. Reporters : What ! Mrs. M.C.W. : Bust — dress improvers, you. know. Reporters (endeavoring to keep serious) : Oh, yes ; we understand. Anything else ? Mrs. M.C.W. : Nothing, only that I deny everything. I will give another tost see - . aunls when I am better. All : When will that be, Mra. Marianka Cantelope Matermeloii. Mrs. W.C.M. (striking an attitude) : In t the swoet byo-and-bye. (Curtain), j 