"'te=;ýMýYSTE~I :OOF CLEMENT S- DUNRAVEN. B- JEAN MIDDLEMAS, -Author of "A Girl in a Thousand," "Touch and Go,' " Sealed by a Kiss," "By Fair hMeans," etc. PIEICE UVAGOIIA AND HIS PUSSUEB SAW EiAC OTHER AS IN FULL DAY. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. C~e rans I. IAI, Panr or L.-Sir Louis Dunraven of Aboyne Court, has two nephews, Clement Duns aven and Piereo Vaughan. The baronet wishes the former to marry Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, and makes it a condition of him leaving him his property tht he should propose to her atonce. e conent, bat with a secret sorrow. Pierce Vaughan, who is in lore with Gertrude, determines that he will discover the secretof his cousin, and accidentally finds a note in the following terms : "Dearest Clcm.-Thasuu for your darling note. I will meet youat the usual lace on Tuesday at duok--BET A." CHAPTER II.--(Co0Trcn'D.) The first individual to whom Clement spoke, after he had paid his devoirs to Lady Marcia, was his uncle. "I am late." he said, "buhot if you knew the cause you would not blame me." "Bah i" answered the old man, pettishly, t yonhave always ome trifling exllee. To night's preposal is the fint otndideration in the world-for yenu." Thus snubbed, Clement did not make any confidences, always supposing he had had the intention of doing so. He only bent his head, and walked away with an expression on his face that scarcely proclaimed a happy lover. He made the circuit of the room with a measured tread, bowed to several acquain tances as he passed them, and finally found himself at the aide of Lady Gertrude Veers. hoyle, who blushed scarlet as she gave him her hand, much to the annoyance of Pierce Vaughan, whose dance was just about to amuothsCer quarter of an hour until that gallop was ended, Clement must wait, then she would give him the next dance. It was free, perhaps she had nboo Io.?pingi for him -it was the supper valse. ... . Pierce Vaughan scarcely had a fascinating or interesting partner, for Lady Gertrude did not appear to understand what he was saying, and answered him so vaguely and wildly that he could have imagined thatshe had suddenly gene demented, had he not had more than a a?epicion that the coming of Clement Dan Taven was accountable for her pre-occupa. tion. And becnause of the love Lady Gertrude bore him, Pierce hated his cousin with a fierce and bitter hatred, and rejoiced over the finding of the piece ot paper signed by Beta, that had lain under the old tree in the wood. At last the ordeal of this dance, which gave pleasure to neither, was over, and Lady Gertrude's tiny well-gloved hand was quiver ing with excitement as it rested on Clement Danraven's arm. If he had loved her, his whole frame must have vibrated with the emotion under which she was laboring. But though loving words were on his lips, and from long practice in a wooer's art, his eyes told passion's tale, yet Clement Dunraven's heart was unmoved. Had she cared for him lees, or been more accustomed to hbe wooed, she would not have failed to discover this, while as it was, she was in the seventh heaven of rapture. " Bow beautiful you are," he said, look ing into her eyes. "I have always thought so. but to-niaht - to-night you surpass yourself. That gown sunite you to perfec tion." " Is it not rude to make remarks on per sonal appearance?" she asked, laughing, and trying to appear thoroughly at her ease. "You would not think it rude if you knew my motives," he replied, so seriously that Ehe was stagnered, but she still made an effort at banter. "That won't do," she said; "motives are such horribly vague things and cover so many shortcomings." " Is it a shortcoming to admire you des perately, and to-love you ?" he asked. The last word came out with a casp which gave it an emotional point for which his inmost feelings were in no way responsible. Lady Gertrude looked down now, and did not attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira Delane had called it a shroud. There was silence for a second or two ; she was battling with her feelings, trying to still her throb bing heart. He-well, it were better, per hape, to throw a veil over what he really delt. What he said, when with a mighty effort She compelled himself, was "Will you be my wife I'! She did not speak at once ; she was too happy to -ive her pleasure words, but at last a faint " Yes" came from her pretty, posting lips, and she raised her eyes to his cace to meet such a look of sadness in his, that she shrank before his gaze. " Oh, why do you look so sadly at me 1" she asked. "Did I look sad 1 Do no be frightened; I was only wondering whether I was worthy of yon--whether you would be really happy if you shared my lot." "I'am not afraid." "No, dear Lady Gertrude, you are very "brave; yet you do not know me." " Not know yoen, ir Danraven; it seems I have known you all my life." "Does a woman everknow the inner life of any man " She laughed. "I have enough belief in you not to be :afraid of your inner life." " You will take me on faith and marry me without investigration?" "You are only teasing me; I don't be lieve there is anything to investigate. One would think you were a murderer or forger to :hear you talk, and if you were- " "IfI were?" " Well-it would be very difficult for me to hate you." "Thanks." Then again there was a short ailence. He had given her a loophole for escape, but she had only rushed blindly on her fate. If shbe had refused the proposed marriage Sir Louis would not have blamedhim, butehe accepted, ?o he must smile on her and try to look the happiness she was feeling. They had never thought of dancing, and were sitting by this time in a small boudoir, which was next to the supper-room. One or two people peeped in at the door sad went away smiling, but no one ventured to intrude. They were virtually alone, or at all events believed themselves to be so. Clement Ddnraven had always been con ideread an adept in the art of love. imking, 860 but to-night he felt as shy and unequal to the occasion; as though he were the veriest tyro. He could not, however, retreat now, since he had asked her to marry hun and she had accepted his proposal. His wife ! Merciful heavens, was it possible that he had asked Lady Gertrude Verochoyle to be his wife? Ay, it was absolutely true, for he stole his arm round her slight waist, and drawing her close to him, he imprinted a lingering kiss on the full redlips, and she did not resist him, as she assuredly would have done had she not felt that she was his very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the slumbering passion in Clement's deadened heart, and he awoke to a sense of how beau tiful Lady Gertrude really was. " You are too good for me, my darling," he said with more fervor than he had as yet shown; "how lovely you are, toe angeli. cally lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole of England will say I am the luckiest dog in the country, to have won a being so fair as you are." And the arm round her tightened, until she felt as if she were in a vice. "And 1 the luckiest woman to have won the love of the popular Clement Dunraven," she replied, laughing, and trying to free her self from his clasp. He loosed her somewhat, seeing she was a little distressed. "I must not frighten my birdie," he whispered a little apologetically, "but you should not be so beautiful, my sweet Gertrude." She blushed and looked up at him with shy, sweet eyes. "Lhen ynou do loea me. ClomantP 5. Do.'& tar to me about myself, bunt alounyoure love. Is it really true and fast ; will it endure for all our lives? You will never neglect me or grow cold to me, as some men do to their wives !" A dark expression came over Clement Dun raven's face like a cloud. But before he could answer she went on "Ab, I have offended you. I was wrong; I should not have doubted your loyalty and good faith. Forgive me." "Sweet one, who could be false to you ? The man who could make you suffer is a brute." "You will never cause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it full well; you will shield me from danger and suffering." "Ay, will I, dearest, to the fullest extent of my power. If unhappiness comes to you through me it will be through my misfortune and not my fault." She laid her hand in his. "I believe you," she said, "and I will trust you always because I knowthatyoa love me. Tell me that you love me." "I love you-yes-I love you," he re peated, but there was but little romance in his voice. - That did not trouble her, however; she was as happy as the birds in spring. Clement Dunraven, her girlish ideal, was to be her husband, her own, her very own. Lord Mfelbury would be pleased, Sir Louis would be pleased, but none of them as pleased as she herself, she ihought, as she sat there, close to Clement's side, dreaming rather than talking of her future happiness. Hours of the intoensest pleasure end at last, however. Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began to argue the matter out atthe door of the boudoir; another moment sa they would probably come in to ex emplify their meaning by the help of some cards which lay on the table. One more harried fervent kiss and the newly-betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger room. To do so they had to pass the boudoir win dow, which was open. For a second they stood inhaling the fresh air and looking out into the starry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, which were shining through the foliage of an adjacent shrub. Had they done so what changed issues might not their lives have known r But they pasted on to their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on, too, into the silent night equally to meet her fate ; whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude's, who shall say ? For the moment Lady Gertrude's star seemed to be in the ascendant, for was she not Clement Dunraven's promised wife ? As she had predicted, Lord Mlelbury smiled his gratifed assent, and Sir Louis was so delighted, he could scarcely keep his feel ings under control. "You have done well, my boy, splendidly well," he said, patting Clement on the shoulder. "A thousand a year and the run of Aboyne Court, that is what you shall have as long as I am above thesod, andafter that you will be the master. It won't be long, Clement, it won't be long." It was in order to be master of Aboyne Court and its income that Clement had con sented to ask Lady Gertrude to be his wife, yet it was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in his heart when he knew that he had won the trick. While the fiances were standing talking to Sir Louis. PierceVaughanceme up with bIiss Elvira Delano. They had just been dancing together. Elvira took in the situationata glance, and whispered to Lady Gertrude. "How does a woman feel when she has won? You shall give me your experience to-morrow. When I have heard them I shall either congratulate or condole." Pierce Vaughan said nothing, but he was not therefore ignorant as to what had happened; on the contrary, he knew too well for his pleasure, and beneath his calm, inexpressive demeanor there lay buried a fund of jealousy, revenge and hatred of which neither his uncle nor Clement could fail one day to feel the force, and from which dainty Lady Gertrude herself would suffer more or less. There was no doubt that a tree had been planted that night which would be productive of much fruit. What matter to Sir Louis, who rubbed his hands and chuckled over his work, if the berries, to be uonlled from it here after would be often nauseous and evendeadly to the taste. Pierce Vaughan, at odds with life, since he saw no chance of obtaining either Lady Sertrude's hand ortheilheritanehe had more 1thanhalf expected might be his, was the first to leave the ball. - Marriages have erenow been hindered. He would cool his fevered brain, he thought, by walking about the grounds that surrounded the house. As be strodealong he felt asif being pur. sued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan wasno behever in ghosts, yet he was desperately In clined to think that there was one near him at that moment. He walked on rapidly to the edge of a little wood, in which he could see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached it the moon came out from behind a cloud, and suddenly and unexpectedly he and and his pursuer saw each otheras in full day. She was a woman, clad in a long, black cloak, which concealed her form, but her face he could never forget; if heacver met her again he should know her. He hadno time to make acquaintance then; as suddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. CHAPTER III.-Boy on GRan. On the outskirts of the town of Coleshill, about four miles from Abovne Court, there was a picturesque old cottige standing in a wildgarden. It had once been a dairylarm, but evil times had come and the meadows and cows had been sold one by one, until nothing was left but the cottage itself and the garden round it, which from want of tillage was not very productive. Old Farmer Glendinning had lived there and his father before him for many years-it was his freehold. He would not sell the roof from over his head, he said, but just starve there until the end came; it could not be far off sincehe had long "passed the allotted age of three score years and ton." Starvation, too, it was both for himself and his granddaughter, Lisbeth, but he did not consider her in the matter. As long as he had his pipe and she ministered to his crea. ture comforts, as well as shecould, according to the means she had at command, he was satisfied. Lisbeth was an orphan, living on his charity; if it were not for him she would be in the workhouse, he told the neighbors, if ever they expostulated with him about the dreariness of the girl's life; and the neces sity to make some provision for her future; but no one interfered with the Glendinnings and their affairs. The old man was deaf, it was very difficult to make him understand, and Lisbeth did not en courage gossip or interference. She was what the townsfolk called "a stand-off, up start minx, with nothing to boast of but a few good looks, which sooner or later would bring her to ruin." It was quite true that Lisbeth possessed beauty far surpassing the average given to women, and the prophecy that it would bring her to ruin was called forth by the fact that she declined to bestow herself on Will Mathers, the well-to-do eon of the principal draper in Coleshill, and had also re tused a very genteel young chemist who had lately come to settle there. What the girl wanted no one could guess, but that she was an arrant fool, they all agreed. For if she thought that old Josh Glendinning had a pile of sovereigns tied up in an old stocking, she was much mis taken. He had dribbled away all his patri mony long ago. Lisbeth, however, heeded no remarks that reached her, and kept herself as much away from the townsfolk as possible, never going into Coleshill. except when she was forced to do so, to buy some of the frugal fare by which she and old Josh managed to keep body and soul together. Of late she had gone still less into the town, having cent a little girl, the daughter of some poor people who lived near, to do her errands, thus bringing down upon herself a still ,greater a8alnaehe o£.reliarla.-; ýth querying whether the Glendinnings had had a fortune left them. For the last week everyone had been far too much taken up with Lady Marcia Fol jambe's ball to give much heed to Lisbeth and her affairs, and lucky for her that it was so, for events in her life were arriving at a crisis, which would scarcely have borne the investi gations of the public gaze. How beautiful she looked as she leant against the door-post at the back of the cot tage. Yet it was a beauty touchedby sorrow; her face, usually suffused with a bright color, was pale as death, her dark eyes shone with a feverish lustre. Something had hap. pened which had shaken the very foundations of faith and happiness. It was two days after Lady Marcia Fol jambe's ball, old Josh had had a stroke of paralysis in the morning hours, as the car riages passed his gate on their return from the festivities, and he lay upstairs, sick unto death, it was feared. It was, however, scarcely Josh's illness that affected Lisbeth so closely. She had for a long time expected that the end would come, perhaps almost craved it, since Josh was both oruel and hard to her. There was something stirring the depths of her heart, nearer her own inner life than poor old selfish Josh's approaching dissolution. . Once or twice as she stood there, she ihielded her eyes as if she expected to see someone coming. Not a creature was in sight, but at last shd hoard a footstep coming round the cottage from the front, and the crimson color rushed madly from brow to throat. Another mimute and a man's arm was round her, and she was drawn convulsively to his heart. " My Bett, my beautiful, my own, thank God, 1 see you once again." But Lisbeth struggled violently, and free ing herself from his embrace, stood before him, proud and erect, looking at him with an expression of mingled mockery and scorn. " How dare you," she cried, "how dare you come hero after -" Her words seemed to choke her, and the sentence ended in a con vulsive sob. "My dearest Bett. what do you mean? Why you sent forme? What has happened? What do you know ?" She mastered her emotion with a vigorous effort, and, trying to speak calmly, said in a low tone, " I know that Clement Duuraaen is false." " Ay," he answered, "false as hell. You are right. It is to tell you this that I have come here to-day." "Falae to her, or false to me " she asked looking at him fixedly with her large eyes. " Good heavens, do you doubt me for a moment I False to her, of course, since you are my love, my life. But how do you knmow anything about her, my darling 1" SI was at the boudoir window on thenight of the ball. Isaw you circle your arms about her waist, as you have often circled them about me. I could have cried with pain at the sight. I saw your lins move as if utter inc those words of love I know so well, and I saw herlanguishing eyes turned in adoration on your face. Yes, Clement, I saw all this, and I am still alive. Alive and looking into your false face." "My Bett, my love, I came here to-day to tell you the whole truth, to throw myself on your generosity, to appeal to the strong love which I know you bear me. 1 am in no way to blame for what has happened. It is all the fault of my uncle Louis. I care no more for Lady GertrndeVersohoyle'slove than Ido for the pebbles in front of the doorway. But Sir Louis says that unless I marry her he willleave me without a single sirpence in the world." " But I am your wife," said Lisbeth, "for the sake of coin you would commit this sin ?" "' God knows if Ihad a moderate income I would not be mercenary, my poor Bet. I cannot steal, to beg I am ashamned, and if I asked for work who would give me any to do? He would be a sorry fool who employed me." "No, yenou cannot work, that is not to be thought of," she said, with a faint smile, evoked even in this hour of desperation, by the idea of Clement Dunraven doing any work. W' What, thenzan Ido but obey Sir Lonis and go through the farce of this marriage ?" "But Iam your wife. A man aoording tosthe English law cannot marry two wives." "Not unless the first one gives her con sent." "Gives her consent, Clement. Whatever do you mean!" "Only this, dear. You know a kingora grand aduke mrries the woman ha levee, what is called morganatically, that is, she cannot be a queen or grand daJbess. Then be marries some princese, who can fill the high rank and do the duties of the state, but who is always outside his heart." "But you are neither a king nor a grand duke, Clement 1" "No, love, but it is the same thing, I am Sir Louis Dunraven's heir." "Yet I amyour wife. My children will be legitimate." "Yes, love," he said, hesitatingly, for he dared not deny. "Well, then, Clement, if even in my great lovefor you could let you go and remain silent aboutour relations, so that you might become rich and powerful, how could I do them this wrong?" S"It will not do them much good to be paupers. I should have to leave you and go away into some distant land, seeking a for tune which I should never find. Whereas if you concur in this arrangement you and your child or children will be in comfortable 0ir. cumatanee, reaping the beneft of my unole's inheritance." "I do not want the money. When old Josh dies, as be will in a few days, I can work and keepmyself, butthe unborn child. Oh i Clement, I wish I knew what is best to be done for the child." Clement Dunraven cared nothing for the child. His paternal instincts had in no way been awakened, buthe cared a great deal for the beautiful woman by his side, though more perhaps for his position in life, or he would scarcely have asked her to sacrifice herself for his advantage. It was false reasoning to try and induce her to do this, on the plea that she and her child would benefit by it. What would money avail them if the mantle of secrecy and shame was to be cast over their birth, and another woman than the one he had legally married a year ago, was to live as mistress at Aboyne Court. For a few seconds neither of them spoke. Both were thinking of the situation. Clement was wondering what he would do if Liebeth refused to give him up, and Lisbeth was wrapt in thought of her child if she set it aside for its father whose will was her law, and whom she could not believe to wholly wrong; hence, she argued to herself, there must be justice in what he demanded. After all, what right had she a daughter of the people to link her fortunes with those of Sir Louis Dunraven's nephew? She was toblame, she must suffer for her fault-but the child. If she had no thought for that unborn child it would be so easy to set him free. Had jealousy no place in her heart in this supreme hour ? Jealousy of that other woman she had seen sitting so near him on the sofa? No, the child for the moment unsurped every other feeling, her own misery, her agony at the knowledge that he would live for the rest of his life withanother-a lady of high degree-was as nothing compared with whatsho felt about the future of that as yet unseen child. (TO BE COvIvUsnD.) 