SPORT. FBy the Owl.] EVENTS TO COME. To-day— Victoria Racing Club Grand National Steeplechase. When the news came through from Flemington last Saturday that Parkham had won the Maiden Steeplechase every true Tasmanian sportsman said 'We done, Carter.' To invade Victorian soil and win first time of asking is quite a rare occurrence with Tftsraanlans of late years, and it is with pleasure I have to note the victory of a horse belonging to such a straight-going sportsman as the above-named gentleman. An objection has been raised against tbe owner of Parkham reoeiving the Btakes, on the ground that he had won a maiden hurdle race before starting at Flemington. The objection is very likely to prove fatal as far as the stakes are concerned, but as the protest was not lodged till the following Monday, it will not affect bete, which means a matter of about a thou sand pounds to Parkham's owner. The racing at Flemington was quite up to former Grand National meetings, good fields being the order of the ? day. Although the Grand National Hurdle Haoe was won by the favorite easily enough it proved very interesting, show ing the contrast between speed and staying powers. Take Titanic, who met Neli on a stone better terms than they met a week before, yet Titanic could not gallop one side of the mare after they had gone two miles. Cadet and The Pioneer both fell, and St. Clair baulked, in fact nobody thought he would do otherwise. Bill's chance was interfered with through Manon falling at the last fence but one, otherwise he would have just about struggled into third place, but as for beating the winner they had not the ghost of a chance, and I would advise punters to keep their eye on him at Onulfifild next month. After many disappointments (Steadfast) cameoul of iiiu shell and won the Winter Handicap from a decent field of horses— Stratum running third. Favour was a starter in the Maiden Hurdle, but through loosing ground at his jumps he was only able to get fourth, a little more schooling being wanted to make him a good fencer. The meeting will be brought to a conclusion to-day and should the weather keep fine and the course be dry the contest for the principal event — the Grand National Steeplechase— should be worth going a long way to see. All the best horses have paid the final forfeit, and while Corangamiteh a pronounced favouriteatlOO to 18 several other horses hare been backed for large snms of money during the week, the New South Wales representative Frantic com ing iu for a lot of support. The Tasmanian horse Blyth has also received genuine support from the right people, the follow in; being the latest quotations : — 100 to 18 Corangamite,100 to I i Frantic, 100 to 1 2 Busaco, 100 to 10 Blyth and Mikado II, 100 to 9 Trojan, 100 to 8 Tayfoith and the Actrcw, 100 to 7 Bandn. 100 to 0 Foxhall, Midicine. and Sir Wilfred. From such a field of horses as the above named, I am sure no one will envy me the task of attempting to select the winner. I feel disposed to let well alone and adhere to my selection of last week, viz: — Mikado II or Coiangamitc 1, Tbe Actress 2, Tayforth or Blyth 3. Both Manon and Beltinna have died from the injuries they received while taking part in the Grand National Hurdle Race. Ambition will be a starter in the Lawn Handicap, six furlongs, at Flemington to-day. She is handicapped at 8s t. Poor Jimmy Masters passed away this week, that diead disease consumption being the cause of his death. The poor fellow worked hard to make a nice little home for himself, and he succeeded ad mirably, his house and stables being a credit to him. Quiet and unassuming, he was a general favorite throughout the colony. P. Nolan will have the mount on Medicine for the Grand National Steeple chase, and J. Barbour will ride Blyth. Bowe's Tattersall's Club have in creased their bookmakers' entrance fee from £60 to £100, their idea being to keep the Bmall fry in their proper place. Schoolboy won another steeplechase at Maryborough last week. A. fair field started, but the winner was the only one to negotiate the obstacles successfully, which accounts for his victory. 'Ihe New Zealand horse Whakawatea, which was greatly fancied for the last Newmarket Handicap, won the Welter Handicap at the Moorefield races last Saturday, carrying 10.11. King Orry followed up his success of the week before by winning the Moorefield Handi cap under 8st 91b. Figaro, who I might mention is owned by a well-known Tasmanian racing man, has been fired, which will necessitate spelling him. The light-weight jockey, Geo. Robson, who won the Melbourne Cup on Glen loth, ha6 had his license renewed by the V.R.C., after a compulsory spell. Dear Clippeb— l'he hist issue of the Tasmanian Mail, in reply to a query of who is the best all round athlete in the colony, says, 'Miller, Graham, and Pearce are the best professionals, the ast-named being without doubt one of the best all round athletes in the colonies.' Now, sir, I *ould like to know whore the writer of the above trash de rived his information. It is a well- known act that in professional circles that Harry Millers abilities as an all round athlete are far above either Pearce or Graham. It is only natural to the ath etic writer of the Mail to laud Harry Penrce's abilities as much as possible Anyhow, there are athletes in Hobart (including myself) who would be very gladjto test the self-styled champion middleweight Graco-Roman wrestler of the world's abilities as an all round ath lete. Thanking you in anticipation, AlBUBY ClIPFOBD. The Hobart Theatre ltoyal is Poverty Point for most companies lhat visit Tas uania. 