«6©D STORIES. ' A- certain Saotah millionare, seeing the \- pyramids, oried : " What na lule sank bis money in yon ?" Yon is eharming, A . BQitonst Kichintillooh, being intoxicated, fell asleep in a grove. Whoa wakened by the baglo of a passing ooaob, ho took it for the last tramp, arose, and looking round, Bftid : "Bch, a puir mow for Kirldntillooh I" His local patriotism had expected a more pop ulous assembly on this ocoasion. _ A Scot, being shown Niagara, was eskod if ho had ever seen ang>-:t bo beautiful and strango. Ho replied : " Weel, lor bonny, I'll no say ; bat eh, inon, fur queer, I anoe saw a pesaook a wooden leg at Fcebleg," Here are eomo instanoeo of oddities cl expression. A Bootoh publican was com plaining of hie servant maid. He said that she oould' never bo found when wanted. " She'll gang oot o' the house," he said, "twenty times for once she'll como in." . . . A oountryman went to a menagerie to- examine tho wild beasts. Sevsral gentle men expressed tho opinion that the orang outang was a lower order of tho hnmon apeoies. Hodge did not like this idoa, and striding np to the . gontlemen expressed hie contempt for it in theBo wolds : " Pooh? ho'B na more of the human speoiea than I be," " Mamma, Is that a spoiled childt" aaled a little boy, on seeing a negro baby for tbo first time. marsam ' Julias Eiehberg told this story to Arlo Bates: "Oar tsaoher of singing," ssid be, " was at one time ill, and for a while I took charge of the vooal olasaeB. One day, a lady, somewhat advanced in years, oame to make arrangements fur taking private lesBona in singing. The resnlts of my trying her voice were not particularly enooaraging, nnd at the end of the sasond lesson 1 felt it my duty to tell her that her oar did not eesm to mo to be trao. Sha raaeived tho remark very ooolly, and at the next Iobbod went on sing ing as badly so ever. 1 1 am afreid,' 1 said to ber, 1 that you can never learn to sing in tnne.' 1 Oh, it doeBn't matter,' she returned. 'Doesn't matter ?' I asked, naturally rather surprised. I don't care anything about tbo musia,' was her explanation, ' bat my doctor laid that singing would bo tho best thing for ny dyspepsia, end so I deoided to take cBSone.' " A very poor sotor in B— -had played tbo lart of the Ghost in "Hamlet" for many tears. Saphir, the German wit, eeoingbim, aid : "It would bs a good thing if this man we up the ghost, so that somebody olse cold tuke his part." Hearing surprise ex pressed because Rallsiab made no sensation luring his stay in Paris, Saphir remarked : " That's pcrfeotly natural ; he waa travelling incognito undor tho name of Rollatab." A yonng poet onee sent the humorist an " Ode to Immortality," requesting bis opinion of it. Saphir returned the manuscript with the mossage : " This paoket will never renoh , its address." ''Threo persons," remarked the wit, " sleep soundly — a obild, a corpse, end s night watohman." During hie sojourn Iu X— — Saphir was frequently in thosoaioty of a well-known theatrical manager whose dullncBB was notorious. " How strango it is that my logB go to sleep every day 1" he re marked. " How oan you wonder," returned Saphir; they are always in your com pany," \- The daughter of an English bankorhss aaused a groat eonsation by (literally) "mating with a elown." It certainly soems an anomalous thing to do, for banking and circus oirolea oan be bardly said to touob. Years ago (says James Payn), I know a gentleman who settled in the South, and beoamo so popular in his neighborhood that oven the " oounty families " oondasoended !to visit him- They nevor oould ilisoover how ho hod mndo hie money, but were Satisfied by his solemn assuranoe that it was : Nothing oonld exceed the ordinary gravity of his demeanor, wbioh, indeed, caused him to bo plaood in the Oom- mission of the Peace ; but now and thon, without any apparent provooation, ho would J®1' into suoh a laugh as no one over heard before, exoept in one place. Whero they \- . . ooaldhave -hsird.it puzzled the oounty families for flva-and-twenty yesra ; but at last no was betrayed, unooneoionsly, by bis own grandohild after a visit to a travelling olraus ; Grandpa laughs like the olown I" Ja,8,|hero over a man Bnatohed from doath who aid not feel an inclination to gaze upon the plaoe where ho had been almost doomed? Tho influsnoc of thia strange bnt natural -feeling is exhibited by a story told in Cook- burn s Oirouit Journeys." Many years ago, in Edinburgh, a man named Elliot was aonviotea of somo capital offanooi and sentonoed to bs hanged. Owing to a legal donbt he was pardoned a day or two before he was to have suffered. But anotbor man, who was condemned to be executed on the same day, wan not so fortunate. On the de of hie exooution a great orowd assembled, into whiob, a gentleman strayed, and found himself so hemmed in that he sought raluge in a remote spot at tho upper end ol the Lawnmarkat, Wiiiio standing there he notioed a man eomo hurriedly to tbo spot, and in the greatest agitation, gaze npon the gibbet. Seeing the man's eyes strained to :oatoh every movement of the oondomned, I tho gontloman observed him olosely. It was Elliot, the pardoned oriminal, for he bad . seen tbo man npon his trial, and reoognizsd 'him. Tho man eoemed rivetted to tbo spot; 'with alenahed bands and haaving bosom he ' stood, the picture of horror. The speotaole .- -of the doom from which he bad been snatched so fssoinstod him that ho oonld not stir. 