IJTEB&TUBE.; My Lifetime. By John Hollingshkad. no. xm We were pitting m the dining -saloon at dinner, about half -past 6, Hie dinner being served at sepa rate tables. At our table we had Mr. Sala and myself, Mr. 'Washington Wilts, Mr. Herbert Ingram (tbe proprietor of the Illustrated London 2fiews and a director oi the company owning1 the ship), his young son, about fourteen, «nfl several o there whose names I have forgotten, but who were all journalists. Mr. Seed, now Sir Edward Seed, M.P., and late chief constructor of the 2faw. was on board, renrerantincr thn M/-- ehanicf' Magazine for Mr. Passmore Edwards. I think he was one of our party. We were about to propose Mr. Ingram's health when a sound like violest thunder was heard, followed by a thud on tiie deck that seemed to shake the whole vessel. Many oi us who had noticed the imfininKp^ state of the ship and the workmen constantly working in odd corners, were prepared for any catastrophe. We looted at each other and sprang to our less, but were stopped by Mr. Wilks. ' I think, gentle men,' he eaid, 'we ought to finish the toast.' We tew no objection in the excitement oi the moment, but Mr. Ingram had rushed up on deck with the crowd of diners, amongst whom was the late Lord Alfred Paget. On deck there was the usual scene oi confusion — panic on the part of those who were timid, wild energy on the part of those who had a little more courage. The steering lines had broken. The ship was rolling very visibly ior so large a body, and there was a rumour— partially true — that there was a fire in the hold ; a huge funnel, that by an explosion below had been sent into the air, was lying across the deck. The first per son we noticed was Mr. Ingram, asking wildly for his son. The chairman of the company, Mr. Boy Campbell — who gave one the impression of a Scotch Jew, with a dash oi the Malay pirate — took Mr. Ingram by the Ehouldera, and bundled him into a chief -mate' s cupboard on deck, saying, ' You damned fool, you've got your son under your aim!' Was some shadow of the future passing across poor Mr. Ingram's mind F - A year afterwards, he and that son lost their lives in a steamboat explosion on Lake Michigan. ? _ I rushed down, to my cabin — it was gone ! and in its place was about a quarter of an acre of ruin — splintered wood, broken glass, and fragments of furniture, dries issued from underneath thw heap, and. Captain Harrison rushing by, I drew his attention to it. I don't know what I said, or how I said it, but he threatened to put me in irons. Poor man ! he was drowned the next year in Southampton Waters. I got help, and we extricated a passenger from the heap, merely wounded slightly, with a few splinten stuck in various puts of his body. Hie most seriouB part of the accident was in the stoke hole, where about half-a-dozen poor labourers were scalded to death. I went down and saw them, plastered over with oil and wool. I knew what that meant — death ! I had seen same thing at a pit's mouth, and I had had two play mates burnt to death at different times. The whole of the night was exhausted in a dis cussion, at an informal board meeting, on terms ' oollapse ' and 'explosion.' The owners of the boat, headed by the assertive Chairman, Mr. Soy Campbell, had their own reason for pre ferring collapse to explosion, but I, for one, could not appreciate the reason, I took the liberty of saying so. The partial destruction of the grand saloon, and tbp quarter _ oi an acre of splinters, I held were suffi cient evidenoe oi an explosion, although this may have been technically caused by a ' oollapse oi the feed-water easing.' As the night was cold, and Mr. Sala and myself had lost all our luggage, I borrowed an overooat from the Marquis oi Stafford. When we arrived at Weymouth, the inrtinot of the born journalist began to move me. I got a pass from the local railway superintendent for London, and arrived in Fleet-Btreet about mid tight. I walked into the Weekly Despatch office, and wrote against tame for the Snnday edition a third oi a column about the explosion, for which I eventually got five guineas. On Sunday morning I walked into the Morning JPost office, as I knew their representative had left us at Gravesend, preferring London to the journey. This representative had assumed that the voyage would be all ' fWfe- nn and cham pagne, ' and he had written a paragraph for a ' special edition ' on the Saturday, stating that the vessel had arrived in Weymouth, after a most pleasant and successful voyage. The streets were not then flooded with evening papers. I took j possession of the Morning Post that particular Sunday night, and became almost the editor for the time being. I was consulted as to how we should' deal with the Saturday's special edition and the false news. I advised utter silence, and my advice was adopted. I reded off three or four oolumns, for which I eventually got 10 guineas, and on Mon day morning I reported myself to Charles Dickens, and told him what I had done. He quite approved of my action, and said our article, a fortnight hence, would not be affected by this { special reporting'. The second accident in connection with the «« leviathan' ship, as it was rather shaken Dickens's faith in the vessel ; and when I proposed to go in her on ha first trip to he was not a consenting party. My proposition to enlist in the army, ana write the i»m» life of the soldier in barrackH, was also 'declined with thanks.' He had not forgotten the recent Crimean war, and suggested that 41 buying out' might he difficult in the event of another ?European complication. About this time the Master had got somehow into a public discussion with William Howitt on . the question of 'Hunted Houses.' Mr. Howitt was an avowed spiritualist, and had the Itafaitf too common at that period, of calling j greryone an Atheist who did not quite agree with mm. l oame to the rescue of my distinguished employer with a bona- fide offer. I was ready to oocupy any bouse, in any part of the town, no matter how ' haunted,' on one condition— I was fphavsa moderate lease of the house, rent-few, giving an undertaking to live in it, and test it as a tenant. This offer was duly made to Mr. Howitt, sad it is surprising how his supply of ' haunted houses ' decreased immediately. Before that, they were supposed to exist in every street ; now, they were as difficult to find as the site of the Holy Sepul chre. The house in Berkeley-square, which was a mystery for many years, until it was recently converted into flats aud residential chambers, was spoken of, but possession was not, at that time, to be obtained at any price. A tumble-down pot house in Holborn was one oi the rookeries on order ; but when inquiry came to be made it was only hanuted by the claims oi brewers and dis tillers, and it was not to be given away, either with or without a demoniac license. At last, after much correspondence, a house was found, or supposed to be found, at Cheshnnt, Herts— if 'Dickens's young man' would not object to that healthy bnt haunted township? ' Dickens's young man ' did not object to Ches hnnt, and an excursion was arranged to visit the property. Wilkie Collins and W. H. Wills were sent down in a brougham, wisely provided with fish, as Dickens did not care to trust altogether to the local hotel or inn. DickenB and I walked down — a fair toe-and -heel walk of 16 miles — through Stoke Newington, Stamford Hill, Totten ham, &c.; I had only recently recovered from a rheumatic attack, and was a little stiff on my ' pins ; ' but when I got warm I was quite equal to the task, although the mechanical pace, marked by milestones and a watch, rather bored me. Many people passed us at intervals, who recog nised the Master ; one or two saluted him, and he replied with an extra twinkle of the eye. We arrived at Cheshunt, and began to make inquiry. No one had heard oi any ' haunted house ' or anything so disreputable in the town. Cheshunt rather prided itself on its trim respecta bility. At last we had to fall bade upon the oldest inhabitant. He was not very old, but quite old enough ior our purpose. Diving into tiie recesses oi his memory, he remembered a house, about thirty years previous to our visit, that once had a reputation ior ghosts — either masculine, feminine, or neuter, he could hardly say which. I suggested that it might have been the ghost of the unfortunate Greenacre, the ' bogie,' of my childhood, with whom and one of his ' parcels ' * I believe I once travelled in a Paddington omnibus. He rather thought it might have been ; but, anyway, the house had long since been pulled down, and a, semi-detached, villa, worthy of Bayswater, had been erected in its place. Dickens stood him a friendly quart, and we wait to dinner, the Master changing his walking-boots for a pair of shoes, which mad been brought down in the brougham. The dinner was a substantial meal, after Dickens's own heart, and the ale was nectar. This began and ended the first and only chapter of ' Ghosts ' according to the gospel of William Howitt. My friend Mr. Moy Thomas, who could write gushingly as well as any of us, was a very patient collector of facts and investigator of rate books — a virtue he probably learnt from old Mr. Dilke, the founder of the Alhetuzum, for whom he acted for several yeara as private secretary. Moy Thomas had made up his mind that the house in which Chatterton died, in Brook -street, Holborn, was not the house accepted by Pro fessor Masson and others. He established his point by proving, from the rate books, that it was on the other side of the street ; and that the dying poet, looking out of his back-garret window, could not have seen St. Paul's glistening in the moonlight (as in Ward's picture), because his dead face was turned westward, towards Gray's Inn-lane, and the old block of buildings associated with Francis, Lord Bacon. This matter-of-fact discovery destroyed no sentiment, as Gray's Inn was more in harmony with Chatterton's brief poetic life than St. Paul's Cathedral. While Moy Thomas was making his investiga tions, we visited the honBe, then (about 1858) in the occupation of a working cabinet-maker. He was fairly polite, but evidently regarded our inquiries, first with suspicion, and afterwards as a nuisance. The situation struck me as being full of comedy, and in a few days I had written a farce, which I called 'The Birthplace of Podgers.' My favourite low comedian at that time was Bucks tone, although I was an admirer of Kedey, Wright, Harley, and a host of others, including ' Jemmy ' Rogers. I naturally asked Dickens to introduce the piece to BuekEtone, but, without actually refusing, he showed a strange reluctance to do so. Perhaps his judgment was better than mine, and he thought the little sketch was not to be defeated!^ One day^Imet*Mr. j. L. Toole in the Strand, opposite the old Mirror offioe — that pioneer of cheap magazine literature, the proprietor of which, Mr. Limbird, peeped through the small dusty panes of his shop window, looking with dreamy wonder at the flood of newspapers and periodicals, which must have seemed to him a frightful avalanche of print and paper* Toole was introduced to me by Edmund Yates, and spoke to me about certain stories of mine in Household Words, of which he was a diligent reader. He had been an early protege of Charles Dickens, who had seen him as an amateur at the Walworth Institute, and encouraged him to adopt the stage as a profession. He appeared at the Haymarket first, and the St. James's after wards. At that time he' was at the Lyceum, under the management of Mr. Charles Dillon, an actor of considerable melodramatic genius. I spoke to Toole about the farce, and he was quite willing to see it. He came up to my house a few nights after, at Blandford -place, Regent's -park, and I read him the little piece, and gave him my idea of the lead ing character — a stolid working man, with few ideas and limited powers of speech, brought into contact with literary enthusiasts, whom he naturally regarded as maniacs. This part of Tom Cranky was not what a low comedian would call a ' fat ' part, and therefore lb. Toole is entitled to all the credit of seeing its value as a sketch from life- He took the farce, and produced it at his benefit at the Lyceum in March, 1858, and has played it ever since— a period of 36 years. Dickens handsomely atoned for his original coldness about the farce by paying to go into the pit on the first night, and writing to congratulate us on our success. The piece was too unconven tional to obtain an instant popularity, hut it learned to labour and to wait. It has been a great favourite with many amateur actors, and notably of Wainwright, t3ie murderer. Dickens probably thought I had some little talent for dramatic writing after this, for he pro posed collaboration in a sketch oi the Vxerman Seed order, which he was anxious to have well done, for some friends in 'whom he took an inte rest. We never got very far with this scheme, as it was knocked on the head by the ' manifesto,' and all that followed. I had varied my many outdoor papers with papers that smelt more of the lamp. 1 had shown a pretty taste for humour in ' Too Weak for the Place,' ' A Gipsy King,' &c.; ; I had advocated commercial reform in ' Twenty Shillings in the Pound,' ' Debtor and Creditor,' ' Bankruptcy in Six Easy Lessons,' & o. ; I had given my notions of electoral reform in a long story, called ' The Humiliation of ITogmoor,' — a paper that commended itself at the time to the present Lord Hosebery ; and I had favoured Household Words and its twin brother, AM the Tear Round, with a number of short stories. Stories of this kind were much in demand, and when pressed to write them my reply was very simple : — ' A short story is the compressed essence of a novel ; the more you compress it, the less you get for it. Blown out with wash, the material makes a three-volume xiovel, and you win one hundred pounds instead of five.' I was obliged to talk like this, because political economy, if it governed nothing else in Wellington-street, certainly governed (and very properly, too) the business conduct of the journal. When Dickens's domestio trouble came to a head, the printers, Bradbury and Evans — who had a share, I presume, in Household Words — sided with Mrs. Dickens, and the Master at once, iu his Napoleonic way, decided to stop one journal and start the other. The office where I had eaten my first ' Pickwickian ' leg of mutton was let to the Army and Navy Gazette, in which Dr. W. H. Bussell and Mr. 3 O'Dowd were interested ; and a shop bong taken higher np the street, at the corner of York-street (one of the 14 York streets in London), AU the Tear Jlound was born, and was the image of its father. 