Chinese Peculiarities. _j At tho time of the queue cutting mania, in 1 877, when pigtails, it was alleged, were mysteriously out off by un seen agencies, and a " wave of droad spread over tho nation," two respectable bard-working men, living in Kiukiang, wero impeached by their neighbours for , being the emissaries of tho evil one, who were guilty of tho crime. The men (writes Geo. Ernest Morrison in the Age) wero tried before tho magistrate, and so great wero the tortures to which thoy were subjected that in their agony they confessed that tho charge was true. They had, they said, out out paper representations of Bciosors, whioh they then burnt and so distributed as a spirit over the land, and this was the mysterious agenoy by which the pigtails woro sepa rated. This avowal wus accepted by the magistrate and, the men were led away to death. A friend of mino knew the men well, and was told of the trial by eye witnesses ; ho subsequently saw the two heads hanging by their pigtails from bamboo poleB at one of the city gates, while a written legend below each gave details of the crime of whioh the two men had been foand guilty on their own con fessions. But it is not the prisoner only who " shuns tho painted portals of the magis trate's yamen as he would the gates of holl," but the witnesses also, and the dread of being called as a witness is second only to that of being arrested as a culprit." The Chinese court assumes that the prisoner at the bar is guilty ; so does the court assume that the witnesses are lying unless they give evidence which fits the case from the point of view of the pro secution. It regards the bamboo and the hot chain, the Tack and the heated pincers, as powerful factors in eliciting truthful evidence. Tho more quick-witted the witness tho less then will he suffer, for the more speedily ho will discover what is the evidence which tho court requires of him, and thon he "lios equal to the oooasion." At the. inquiry lately held in Hankow, in connection with tho massacre of two Swedish missionaries at Sungpu, tho anti- foreign magistrate seized the occasion to punish the Christian converts "in the snored name of justice," or its Chinese equivalent. The converts connected with the mission station, two touchers and boys employed by the murdered missionaries, were soized by tho authorities and ex amined by torture, and horrible orueltieB were inflicted upon the poor wretohes in the effort to compel them to confess that they were implicated in the murdero. Unlike a European, a Chinese has three souls, which after the death of his body go to reside, ono in the grave, another in the, ancestral tablet, and a third in the world beyond the grave. Unlike, too, somo of the western notions, the Chinese have an overmastering passion tohavechil- dren. More than death itself the Chinese fears to die without leaving male progeny to worship at'his shrine. Heaven is hut a repetition of earth, and the Bpirits in heaven depend for the comfort of their being upon the support of their descen dants on earth. Anything can be sent to the other world by 'simply burning a paper representation of it in this. To send money to your ancestor in heavon you need but burn Borne gilt paper or paper imitations of money before his shrine here ; to. send him a horse you burn him a paper horse, to provido him with a riohly furnished house you hum a paper imitation house here, and so on, but with regard to food there is this difference: to send your ancestor food you piously offer food at his shrine, ana before it sots cold vou eat it vourself — von get the substance, he is regaled with the spiritual essence. If a man dies with out male progeny he loaveB behind him no provision for his support in heaven, but wanders there a " hungry ghost," forlorn and' forsaken. A man appears in the other world in the gnrb and in the position whioh he occupied when he for sook this. If decapitated he appears headless unless his friends have' pieced tho head or a paper representation of it back on the trunk. If ho has Buffered death by the Ling Ch' or slow process, whioh necessitatod Mb being out into a number of pieces, he cannot, as a missionary said to me, lie out the thing in heaven and pro test that he oamo there proporly when he carries with him such damning evidonceto tho contrary. It is this con ception of the future stats; being hut a repetition -of our present 'condition, that makeB tho form of Chinese oath employed in our consular courts in China so binding upon mon who lio, " because it is their nature to." On a sheet of yellow paper are written the characters which tho witneBB roads aloud, and which declare, " I swear before hoaven to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the trith, and may heaven rejeot me (or have no use for me) if I do. not." He then burns the papor, and if he lios it will be produced as evidence against him in heavon. An Englishman whom necessity com pels to wear speotaoles would on entering a Chinese house put on his speotaoles and take off his hat ; his short-sighted hoBt would reooive him by putting on his hat and taking off his speotaoles. A polite Chinaman oven takes off his spectacles when ho bows to you. A Chinaman never shakes hands with you ; he stands before you and shakes hands with him self, and tho "higher he raises his grasped hands the greater is the honour whioh he wishes to show you." _ In reading a Chinese book a Chinaman begins at the end and reads backwards to the beginning ; he roads from above down wards in vOrtioal columns and from right to loft. The footnotes are on tho top margin of the page, and the "blue- hook" of China is of oourse yellow. A Chinese dork, makes out his account in tho rovorse way to. ours, for he states thopricos before tho goods, and the goods before tho quantitios. He keeps his debit and oredit accounts, -not on opposite pages of his ledger, but ou tha same page, and in his fractions he usos tho numerator for the denominator and the denominator for tho numerator, and if ho wishes' to ex press throe-fourths, he writes four- thirds. In giving a dato ho gives, it in tho opposite order to ours, for ho says that the event ocourred |in the reign of such an emperor, in ouch a year, in the mouth of so and so, on a certain day, and if it has to be stated, at a particular hour. Tho address on the oavelopo ho writes in the inverse order in whioh it would bo written by no, for he writes tho name of tho country first, and the name of tho addressee last, and if it is an official he is writing to he is careful to put hie official titles before his name and not after, as would the European. Bo in tho Peking Gatttte , the Emperor's replies to memorials appear in advance of the doau-' ments to which they relato, as " every thing which the Emperor says takes pre cedence of ovorytliing elso." Tho law of health whioh determines tho smallest amount of air space essential to health does not apply to the Chinaman. Fresh air is fatal to a Chinaman, and " cold water is soma tiling for which overy Chineso has the same aversion as does a cat." If forced cultivation of Chinamon were ever necessary, thoy will bo found to thrivo best when breathing tho exha lations of their fellows in a dark, unven- tilated collar, 'perfumed with opium, had tohaoco, and decaying fish. It is the poet iu England who is bom a poet ; it is tho physician in China who is born a_ physician ; ono of the essentials in the birth being that ho should make' his first appearance feet foremost. Tho traveller may frequently read such a notice as this displayed in largo gilt let ters over a doctor's doorway, " A gene rated physician who fools the pulses of both, outside and inside oomplaints, es pecially of women and children, and is a general vaccinator." An Englishman pays his.physician to make him well ; a Chinaman pays his physician to keep him well. An Englishman pays his dootor when he is ill, a Chinaman pays bis doctor whon ho is well, and ceases to pay him'when he falls ill. " The Chinaman," says a well known writer, " who has to allude to xhio wife will, if he, is polite, refer to heiTas'liis 1 dull thorn,' if he be a rustic he will more bluntly allude to tho companion of his joys and sorrows as his 'stinking woman.' " In China n father does not give a dowry to his daughter ; it is tho husband who gives a dowry to the father. In China it is not the blushing moid who names tho day, but the unblushing father of. tho bridegroom; and in China the mother-in-law is tho terror of the wife, not tho bugbear of the husband. Finally, in China a second wife ought not to be buried alongside tho first, for thoir spirits would quarrel; it ie essential' that the husband be buried between tho two, in order that he may preserve decent order between them in heaven. The Chinaman wears Ms waistcoat outside the gown, the needlewomen he employs are mostly men, and. the looser his olothes are the better do they fit. In China the night watohman springs his rattle all through the night, partly to keep himself awake, but chiefly to warn robbers of his approach. The only robber who is in danger of capture is the one who has not squared tho watchman. In China the tongue of tho boll is outside tho bell ; in China tho " villain of the peace" has his nose painted white, but in China the ghost is black, not white. A Chinese mounts his horse from the offsido. Ho gives you a dinner in which tho dessert is served first, and a bed in whioh the hardest part is the pillow. In China they ennoble the an cestors of the man they wish to honour, not his unborn descendants. "Extinc tion is the rale, heredity the excep tion." In fine . there iB no limit to the number of contrasts and contradictions ' to he everywhere met with in this strange country, where in the well known words of TVingrove Cooke, " the roses have no fragrance and the women no petticoats; whore the labourer has no Sabbath and the magis trate no jenso. of honour; where the needlepoints to tho south and the Bign of being puzzled is .to scratch tho antipodes of ths head ; where the place of Wmour is on tho left hand und the seat of intelloct is in the Btomaoh ; whero to take off your hot is an insolent gesture, and to .wear white garments is to put yourself in mourning." 