?fe| glri|Ufj TTEDKESDAY. UKCIiMBEB Gtii, lstil The Ox>positiou ami the traitorous freetraders who would dearly like to see the present GoTeniment out of office .iro in tlio position or 31 r Uiciiauu S\vivKi.r.i:i'. after Mi:>> Sophy married the market gardener, or somu other affliction befel him. They havo received what Mr Swj\Ki.i,Kit described ss "an unmitigated staggerer." Tho division taken lust Friday morning and brieily mentioned in Saturday's Atikl's, was a victory for Ministers which it is impossible for their opponents to minimise or uiseount- Tho conflict, too, which gave the IJjuistry this victory was provoked by tho Opposition. Almost at the eleventh hour, in tho debate upon the eecoud reading of the Land and Income Tax Bill, Sir Gkouoe Dusua moved what was tantamount to ;i vote of censure, namely, that the bill should bo read a second time that day six months. Sir G coi:f>i: is the recog nised leader of the Opposition, and, though Mr JjY>*t: may not have a high opinion of his abilities in that position, and though other mumbcra of the Opposition may think that it would bo quite possible- to have a better leader, atill he occupies the position, and in doing so acted for and in tho name of his party in challenging iho Government to a test division. The ciovu ivas, like most of Sir (Jejuni: X)l I!t:s\s action?, .-i most incautious one. It w.-ja a serious tactical bliimicr. liver sinco Mr ltr.i i> and his colleagues took office we iiavo been assured by the Opposition, and advised by Sir llen'iiv Pahke-s and a few others, that they merely livid their portfolios on Eulferance, and that it only wanted tiic movement >vhich ivoiild bo made in good time by the leaders of opposed to them to place them iv a .Parliamentary minority. The Oppo sition press, and more particularly the Australian Star and the SSeircnsllc 2lorninrj Herald, have danced to the tune which tho Opposition leaJcra piped, and, it tho opinions of those papers wero worth anything, the Ministry had but a very short and precarious existence before it. Of course, everyone capable of taking ait impartial view of politics knew that all this was nonsense. Sir (;i;ok.;e Dllt?s' iia.-eo srith his amendment on t!io address in reply showed how littlo ho had to depend upon when he counted on tho support ot a majority in Parliament. But this ji:uco had been forgotten, a;id the iiur b::nd followers of the Opposition, as well as the insignificant few members who sit on she frefctra.de. benches yet irish illto the Ministry, were bet;iimii:g again to think that there might bo MjEiet'iiiig :n the prophecies of Mr Slatteev and other.-), who insisted that the Ministry had no real majority j behind it. They would have remained j in this fool's paradise for a little | Trlii!e longer, if Sir Gkoimsk JDibhs had beou contented to lot well aSono on Thursday night or Friday morning. Gentlemen like Mr ILih;ii T.vYf.on, t-s- M.P. for P.itramatta, and other devotees of Sir Hkskv I'askes, would have hugged to themselves the idea that a couple of aionihs at least would | see a Ministerial defe.it ami appeal to ihs country, with a chance for them to ! ?>et back into Parliament, and a chance j e> j for Sir Henev to become Premier, and j delay useful legislation while vapour- [ iug about Federation. All that happi- j iiesi ha* now been rudely dispelled. I The leader of the Opposition forced j a party fight, and an enormous majority of Parliament at once showed that it was at the back of the Ministry and { of the Ministerial policy. Allowing I for thoso who voted with the Govern- j meat, yet are opposed to some detai's j iv the and Income Tar Bill, and j allowing for those who, while they are j ardent laud lasers, only swi.-iow an j income tax as a nauseous draii, tiie ! Government majority was sim|?2y oyor- j whelming, and the Sydney corres- j pondent of the Newcastle paper, who ! has been as persistent in prophesying | the defeat of Mr Kaiu a* a baby is in ] crying for milk, has had to confess that Ministers have a majority which at present lenders their position in- j pregnable. Another siguiiieant matter [ in connection with this subject was the ' contest for "VSTilloughby o:; I'riday. I The protectionist candidate there, ! seeing that he had uot the ghost of a ! show, withdrew and left the battie lo j the freetraders. Of these Mr Cl-llkn. j who had resigned the seat in conse quence of bankruptcy but offered him- j ?self for ro-clcction. h:-.d opposed the ! -G-owrn incut on iia laud tax policy. ' 3£r Clause, a former member for St. j Leonards under the old Ac-t, earneont ' pledged to support the taxation pro posals o£ the Ministry. Mr Clabkb Was returned, and thus an opportunity VT33 given of showing that in r.l !e;-.:<t one t-.-st election the voters supported , 3 land and iacsac tas- . j 