Evidence of the Supernatural. Those of us who stumble at belief in the supernatural, may find it easier to discuss mys- teries when the term super-material is used Those who are not ashamed to acknowledge that inexplicable things do happen, can claim fellowship with a goodly host. The writer of this paper will relate nothing herein that is not true and absolutely worthy of trust, within per- sonal experience or that of well-known and ex cellent friends. Intimation of a drowning. There is a lonely, lovely, darkly-shadowed lake in Ireland called Loch Derg, famous alike for good fishing and sudden squalls. My friend went to spend a fortnight with an aunt, whose house was near the water. Her rector lived on the opposite shore. They were all at lunch one wild October day, when the lady, looking up from her plate, suddenly exclaimed, "Why, there are the C. boys coming up the drive ! what a day for them to venture across the lake; and we have eaten up everything !" She left, the table, and went to the kitchen to order the hasty preparation of some fresh dish for the coming guests. Her daughter and nephew crossed they room, stood at the window, watch- ing the young men approaching, and comment- ing upon the habit the elder youth had of swinging his arm as he walked. My friend then went and opened the hall door to admit these frequent guests, that there might be no delay in their entrance on such a blustering day, the servants being occupied with their mistress, who at this moment came forward from the back of the house. "Well, where are they ?" she inquired, going to the door. "Not here ! Oh, I know their tricks ! They are hiding round the corner just to make us hunt and feel foolish. They are a pair of scamps !' But they were not round the corner, nor visible any longer in any direction. The home party had finally to conclude that their young friends had changed their minds and given up the proposed visit for some other expedition. However, in a couple of hours they were horrified to hear of a terrible boat accident. The rector's sons had been rowing themselves across the lake, intending to lunch with their friends, when a suddeh squall overturned their boat, and both were suddenly drowned. A Parson's Surprise. A clever divine was for many years rector of a country parish, and built, for his own conveni- ence, a handsome parsonage, fitting up therein a library replete with every literary luxury, and rich in comfortable appliances. Here he, for the most part, lived for a long period, and within those four delightful walls were, written the books and pamphlets which eventually, raised him to the dignity of a bishop. A new and more stately house became his happy home again, while the parish he had vacated fell into the hands of another. Some years passed. The new vicar of the country parish was one day writing his sermon within the closed doors of the bishop's old library, now more modestly called " the study." He was disturbed by hear- ing a hoarse distressed voice exclaiming, "Mary ! Mary !" The speaker seemed at his elbow, yet the room had no second occupant ; and the double doors shut off extraneous noises. As he looked about in surprise, the call for " Mary ! Mary!" came more urgently still. He rose and went to the window. The sun was shining. All was quiet without. No one was in sight. He resumed his work. It did not progress, however. He had hardly taken up his pen when he laid it down again. Drip, drip, drip, as of some liquid slowly flowing, disturbed him now " Rain dropping off the eaves, and I thought it had been fine all the morning!" he muttered, again going to the window. His impression had been correct. The day was glorious, and he could not discover whence or where the dropping came from. Yet he distinctly heard this drip, drip, drip. A little later he learned that, at this same hour, on this very day, his predecessor had committed suicide under the stress of some sudden brain pressure ; that he had hoarsely called his wife Mary and that she, alas! had not come to his assistance until the life blood had drip- dripped away. This most strange occurrence was related direct to the narrator by the person to whom it occurred. 