UTEBATTTEE. The Verse of Kipling. Rudyard Kipling's versts have many of the qualities of hie prose. That is to say, they are rug ged, terse, and forcible, and full of action. His are 110 dulcet measures attuned to ' flutes andsoit recorders.' There is too much vitality in them for the 'idle singers of an empty day' another poet writes about. Judged by certain canons of criticism a good deal of what is contained in the slender volume of his poems may be made Kc to look . unlike poetry at all, and it Sf must be said that there is a strong contrast Ss| between the directness and force of what Kipling g§| has written in rhyme and metre, and the work of jSj the modern claimants to be ranked as writers of poetry. There is no'mysticism about him, and no doubt as to what he means, except where he errs, perhaps, through over -condensation. lie gives the reader the impression that he has something' to -? s:iy, and he siys it ; a story to tell, and he tells it. For the rest, he aims at saying what he has to say in. graphic words and phrases that paint la his picture and draw his character for1 ||| him, and in this resides the chief characteristic of his verse. The little volume ifi called ' Barrack-room Ballads and other Verses ' !|? is full of instances of what we mean. If the reader will take uj) that volume and turn its pages |Ts? he will find that every verse, almost, stands out from the page by virtue of the strength of colour J5-: ing in some turn of a phrase or use or choice of a ^ 5 word. The ' Barrack- room Ballads' are not exactly the class of writing intended for recitation iti girls' schools, but just songs of the barrack room as they profess to be. Aud verse3 like gfi ' Tomlinson' are written by a man for men, and readers who are not fond of the robust in literature have found 'The Ballad |gl of {he Bolivar ' ' course and crule. So much for jfcl difference of taste. Without going into the ||| question this difference, raises, it may be worth ggl while to look into the means by which this .writer IU has succeeded iu conveying that vividness and tei| strength of impression which have made him One III of the most prominent -writers of the day. |g Kipling has good ttories to teil bath iu prose gSjl and verse, and that is a fact which ha3 to ba reckoned with. Next to that ho has the dramatic §^| instinct of the storyteller, without which the finest llf story in the world would be spoilt in the telling. g?t| Both these things other writers have as well as fj|! Kip'ing, and in some cases in a much finer and iSjN higher degree so far as the second is concerned, pi But what gives Kipling his marked individuality Jfi, is the fact that in his verses and stories of the fe; army in India .and of the sea he has chosen sur Hf j roubdings which give a new colour to character and incident, while in his style and diction he has jgi-ii been particularly happy in fitting them to the mtn HH and moods he aims at reproducing. His barrack room ballads are full of racy similes which would pfp shock Austin Dobson, and make the ' Bal p£jf lads of Blue China' feel exceedingly uncomfort f||l able. Tommy Atkins in the cells has ' a head like gpj a concertina ; ' his opponent, Fuzzy- Wuzzy in gpi the Soudan, is ' a injia-rubber idiot on the te spreo ; ' he talks of the ' Widowat Windsor ' p| and ' Missis Victorier ' as if he were on a foot p| ing of familiar acquaintance. ' Walk wide o' the ^ Widow at Windsor,' hesajs — pie For 'al f o' Creation she owns, afar 'We have bought her the same with the sword and the ' -flame '.'Vv' An' we've salted it down with our bones. !Tfae flag under which Mr. Atkins fights is ' the blooming old rag over head,' tbe words being by no means meant disrespectfully. 'Just roll to your rifle and blow out your brains ' is his advice to the -recruit wounded in Afghanistan and left there ; and he goes into battle with a light heart, for, as he says, You can't refuse whrn you get the card, And tfie Widow gives the party.' All this is highly unconventional, but quite gra phic ani picturesque on the lips of a private sol dier. Take the ' Ballad of the Bolivar,' again. ? Lfere we have the seaman speaking,— one of those who man the. ocean tramps, and jugglo with clipnce for their lives. What a picture of the .voyage of the Bolivar 'Kipling makes their rough words paint' ! |li|i ? Leaking like a lobster-pot, steering like a dray — Out we took the Bolivar, out across the Bay. How tbeywondered every time she raced if she'd j|s||j stand the shock, and '''hoped the Lord 'ud keep fill his thumb on the phimmer-block and how jSjjl Oncew saw between the squalls, lyin' head to swell — Ipire . Mad with work and weariness, wishing they was we— lllp Sopic damned- Liner's lights go. by like a grand.hotel : X§!d Cheered her from the Bolivar, swampin' in the sea: Wmj. Tljis is the sort of thing that could not be told, in gjis^! . m&lifluous; verses arid -faultless grammar. If it is Ipl to be told, at all — and being a part of human ex pS ' perieuce there is no reason why literature should IP » not concern .itself, with it— the story musjfc Jbe told . §|p in this way. The occasion demands' something llij Fpepial _ in the way of unreserve, and a rude reck gg|J lessness of speech and mood, when it is a question gjlf of te'ling how seven^men from Ritcliffe Highway pll , went through a coffin-ship experience like 'this, BB&y;' Just a pack o' rotten plates puttied up with tar, glfc In we ^mepand^me enough, 'cross Billbao bar, ? fj§|| and how ' ' i| Overloaded, uridermannecl.rneant to founder, we , . j Euclp^d God Almighty's storm, bluffed ttyfe Eternal Sea. ; | ' Tomlinson ' is a - piece of 'another character. | It is.ajplay on/the. old' vision-of -judgment theme, | audit fe curious to see how Kipling's diction gives | it liew mtereet. The ghost of Tomlinson is carried igpl far until it hears like the roar of a raiu-fed ford Hg| (he roar of the Milky Way; to aplace where the Kga '* naked stars grinned overhead, and he saw that |||S his souj was bare.' Thence to the belt of stars . jS^] that riilg the mouth of hell, until the. hook -made' ' ||||| spul of Tomlinson with its incapacity for original ' good ot evil is found_.unfit for both places. The Spja poem is an exceptional! y vigorous and forcible piece , . Illl of writing, and, though -it hardly lends itself |||| readilyjto brief quotation, should be-raad by any |8lj one wlija would aim at^getting at the real style of ?9 the writer. ? ?? ? Everywhere wc turn we feome across something graphic that helps us to fix the 'scene in the ' mind'« eyc. 'All night thered flame staiibed the . sky with wavering wind-tossed f pears, ' we read- ' iu the verses about the .'List Suttee,' and 51he blazing funoral pyre is before us in an .instant. ' The^ow white mists of morning heard th£ war- . conch dcream- add. bray,'' is the picture we get in the story that tellB how the .Prince of IJdhi rode from aiost battle- field- with a heggar-glrl on his saddie-bow. Tbe eye of Captain O'Neil lights up l with ' ths passionless passion of slaughter ' when he sees the head of his old enemy the Boh da Thone. The trading brig that comes, in the ' Rhyme of the three Captains,' with news of a privateer, has Her rigging rough with the clotted drift That drives in a Northern breeze. Her sides were clogged with the lazy weed That spawns in the Eastern seas. The spirited verses entitled, ' The English Flag,' are full of these fibrous phrases. Most people hive read the poem, and know of the writer's scorn for the ideas of 'the poor little street- bred people,' and his report of the sentiment of the Four Winds. There is the voice of the North Wind repelling the nutshell navies, and chasing the lazy whalers home ; of the South Wind from a thousand islands lost in an idle main, Where the sea -egg flames on the coral, and the long-backed Ijrcake s croon Their endless ocean legends to the lazy, locked lagoon. There is that of the East Wind that ' swept your close-packed Praya and beached your best at Kowloon and of the West Wind before which ? in squadrons the thoughtless galleons fly That bear the wheat :md cattle lest street-bred people die. Each has its message about the Flag. One has wrenched it five from the halliard to hang for a wisp on the Horn, another has known the stan dard that flouts the Northern Light, another has known the Flsg where the 'desert dust has dimmed it, the flying wild ass knows, and the scared leopard winds it across tbe taintless snows ; ' and the fourth has tossed its folde in calm and wrack wreath, where the naked stars have seen it a fellow-star in the mist, and where Fir.it of the scattered lezions, under a shrieking spy Dipping between the roller*, the English Flag goes by. Tais ode to the Eoglish Flag is one of the most spirited things Kipling has written, and as one reads them ttc lines seem to take .their places beside the ' Ballad of the Revenge ' in the cata logue of appreciation. Th- re is the same touch of the old spirit in the 'Ballad of the Clampher down,' with its implied contrast between the modern floating iron forts and the old ' wooden walls.' We read of bursting feed- pipes, of steam filled turrets, twisted runners, and a crew that feels that \- ' It is not meet for English stock To bide in the heart of an eight-day clock, For death they cannot tee— upitil they get the command to board, which brings back some of the old conditions again. Then, it is written, It was our warship Clampherdown Spewed up four hundred tnen ; And the realded stokers yelped delight. As they rolled in the waist and heard the fight Stamp.o'er their steel-walled pen. They cleared the cruiser end to end, From conning-t -wer to hold ; They fought as they fought in Nelson's fleet ; They were stripped to the waist, they -were bare to the feet, ' As it was in the days of old. This is the sort of forcible picture Kipling's . vigorous diction gives us, but, whatever the sub ject or its setting, the faculty is the same. It is Dot- possible to overrate the importance of the part Kipling's style has played in making his reputa tion, and the extracts and examples given may serve to show what sort of a style it is. Then home, get her home, where the drunken rollers comb And the shoutiDg seas drive by, And the engines stamp and ring, and the wet bows reel and swing, . And the Southern Cross ride; high ! sing his Bhipmen out on the Long Trail together — the trail that is always new. ?0. the blazing tropic night, when the wake's a welt of light 1 hat holds the hot t-ky tame, Aud the steady fore-foot snores through the planet powdered floors .Where the scarred whale flukes in flame is a scrap of description that anyone who has Voyaged in tropical seas will recognise. And in the verses called 'Mandalay ' we get, in lines 'tli it speak of the wind in the palm-trees and sounding temple-bells On the road to Jfandalay, Where the flying-fishes play. And the dawn comes up like thunder outer China crost the bay, a vivid suggestion of the faEcination of 'the sunshine aud the palm trees and the tinkly temple bells ' to those who have once ' heard the East a-calling.' ? ? F. J. D. 