His Majesty of Australia. [FOR "THE COSMOS," BY ALEX. MONTGOMERY.] A GOOD many years ago, when there was a "boom" in Melbourne over what may be called " modern oc- cultism," Miss Annesley—that is not very unlike her name—had made a considerable reputation as psychic, telepathist, clairvoyante, and all the rest of it. Besides those who believed in both herself and her powers, there were, of course, those who, believing in neither, scrupled not to call the young woman a clever impostor. In my own opinion—as occupying inter- mediate ground—the former of these parties was probably in error ; the latter unquestionably so. The lady was not a humbug. " Not consciously, you know, Miss Annesley," I said to her. " Nobody who has the pleasure of knowing you would suspect you of vulgar trickery !" The " psychic " laughed—a bright and hearty laugh, for she was what Wendell Holmes differentiates as a " blonde positive"—nothing ethereal or die-away about Sarah Annesley ! " That's a man all over !" she said. " Can't you simple he-creatures be got to comprehend that all women are capable of trickery-finesse, they call it—when the game is worth the candle ? But, you see, there's nothing to be gained in my case." "Fame," I suggested; "and fame has two sides." "As we have already discovered." Miss Annesley smiled at her white haired mother, knitting in the win- dow sat. "So, you think I am, at least, a self- deceiver. But, why a deceiver at all ? You are not one of those people whose intellectual short- windedness finds cheap relief in an 'impossible,' are you ?" " No. I thank God that I am not as those publicans ! I call nothing absolutely impossible that is not mathematically so. Even the physi- cal impossibility of yesterday is the facile possibility of to-day." " Then you admit that I may not be deceiving myself, and that these phenomena may be the actual facts of nature ?" " Certainly. And I won't even urge violent improbability against them. But I do assert such a high degree of improbability as to justify me in rejecting any evidence what- ever—at second-hand." "But, at first-hand?" " Never received any—and never expect to receive any." Miss Annesley did not answer, and her silence drew her mother's eyes that way. After a glance or two, the old lady put down her knitting, came quietly over, and stood beside her daughter's chair. Miss Annesley was in the " psychic state "—rigid and pale, with widely opened, intro- spective eyes. I was not much impressed. I had seen that kind of thing often before an obscure neurotic affection, I considered it—probably sub-catalep- tic—or possibly a phase of protean hysteria. Of its physical actuality, my doubts were as small as they were great of its psychical possibili- ties. "You are going—" said Miss An- nesley, when, like a diver coming to the surface, she had become mun- dane again—"you are going on a camping-out holiday—you and Mr. Sliallard—are you not?" " Yes ; but anybody might know a thing like that !" " Of course. In fact, it was Mr. Shallard himself who told me. But what he didn't tell me, and what: nobody but myself can tell you, is —are you easily, frightened ?" " About the average, I suppose.: But you can fire—that is, you can speak out. I can stand all that the spooks can threaten." But Sarah Annesley didn't laugh. She looked at me with a real con- cern there was no mistaking. " My friend," she said, "take it how you will, it is a fact I am as certain of as my own existence that, during this intended outing of yours, you will be placed in a very great danger ; do not laugh, I beg of you." "Solemn as a judge ! Out with it ! Through—" " Through the colour of scarlet." I laughed outright. " Quite an oracular vagueness. In danger of what—death?" " Yes, imminent ; danger of death." And the pythoness grew so white that I became concerned in turn. I got up to go. " I won't laugh at you any more," I said. " I see the thing is solemn reality to you. But, wouldn't it be more practical of the spooks—or are they Mahatmas—to put me up to a way of dodging this danger ?" "I cannot tell you that ;" and the lucid, honest eyes were troubled; "But I can beg of you not to go. I shook hands. " I am flattered by your interest," I said, " but as for the danger, my dear young lady—pooh ! simply and emphatically—pooh !'' * * * * It was about midnight when I awoke with a start. No need to consult my watch, for the moon, which had risen at six, was now high overhead, casting black upon the white canvas of the roof the shadow of the tree-limb that overhung the tent. Shallard was snoring blissfully upon his back—his slumbers were generally earthquake-proof — while, as for myself, I knew that it must have been something unusual that had plucked me out of dreamland with such a jerk. I sat up and listened. The ripple of the creek and the rustling of the ringtail 'possums in the trees that bordered it, nothing more ; so, with a yawn, I was laying down my head again, when something glimmered swiftly past the open end of the tent. Only a half a second's glimpse I caught, but up I jumped, and, drag- ging the revolver from beneath the undisturbable Shallard's head, I stepped outside and looked around. We were camped in a bend of the Dandenong Creek, densely wooded over part of its space with ti-tree black as ebony in the moonlight with here and there a ghostly white gum towering above. Nothing else could I see, and nothing hear, save the ordinary sounds of the midnight bush. "This won't do, old man," I said to myself. " You're getting as nervous as a rabbit; too much tea and to- bacco. Must have been a wallaby you saw, though it's rather too far from the ranges for—Great Scott ! what's that?" "That" was an object which had suddenly projected itself above the scrub, which, having been cleared off a couple of years before, was here of a nearly uniform height of five feet or, so. A human counten- ance—the moonlight showed me that —but, good heaven, what a counten- ance : White as chalk, with the sharp ridge of a vulture-like nose shining in the moon, and without the faintest indication of an eye showing out of the black caverns into which the yertical light turned the huge, skull-like orbital cavities. About the forehead was bound a parti-coloured clout, above which stood up a weird grey shock of hair, fitly matched below by the forest of beard that lost itself in the tops of the scrub. For half-a-minute I stood there, petrified by the hideous blankness of the thing's regard ; half instinctively, I cocked the pistol ; but, as the lock clicked sharply through the still air, like magic the face disappeared. There was a moment's rustle of the bushes, then all was soundless and solitary as before. " Confounded nonsense !" Shallard growled, when, after about a min- ute's hard work, I had got him awake enough to listen to me. " You've been mooning about till you've fallen asleep on your feet. Don't bother me with such rubbish, there's a good fellow," and off he went again. Clearly; there was nothing to be done with Tom; so down I sat, with the pistol beside me, to watch and wait. Half-an-hour passed, then another ; and, in spite of all, I was beginning to doze off, when the sharp snap of a dry stick, galvanised me instantly into widewakefulness. Something stealthy—something which cast a wild fantastic shadow on the canvas —was edging slowly towards the opening of the tent, and so keen was the nightmare suspense of the thing that I had to take my finger off the trigger until the object stood at last revealed before me. And an object it was, truly. To the hideous head I had seen was now appended the carcase of a tall and big-boned man. A single garment, reaching barely to the hips, left full in view a pair of long, attenuated legs, which, even, by the moonlight, I could see were covered from thigh to ankle with scratches and bruises. Reluctant to fire at such a woeful being, I was stretching out to grasp my comrade's arm, when I saw that the creature, stooping its head to come in, held something in its hand that glittered, sword-like to the moon. That settled the matter !— the pistol cracked ! —the intruder vanished, and out I rushed in time to see him disappear with a yell over the bank of the creek. But no sign, of him could I see when I got there. The bank was steep, and the water deep enough to drown a man, but I had heard no splash or sound of struggling, and I couldn't make head nor tail of the matter, any more than could Tom Shallard, who had fol- lowed me out, for even he was not proof against the report of a pistol within a yard of his ear. He had heard also the eldritch screech, and felt too much scared to turn in again ; so.we sat on a log and smoked till the jackasses commenced their morning hullabaloo. "Think I'll have.a lie down now," Tom said, as the eastern sky began to flush. " You'd best do ditto, and we can clear out after breakfast, for I!ll be hanged if I like this business." But at the tent-door he stopped and bent his head to listen; "Hullo! horses coming this way. Troopers, too, by jingo !—I hear the scabbards." "Morning, mates !" said a police- sergeant, as he rode up to us out of the dimness of the dawn. " Oh, it's you, is it, Mr. Shallard? We heard there was two gintlemen camped down here, but I didn't know you was one of 'em." "How are you, Corrigan ?" Tom answered. "What are you after, now? if its a fair-question." The red-bearded, Corrigan laughed as he dismounted." 'Tis a king we're after !" he said. "A king?" " Ah—the King of Australia—divil a less ! That's what he thinks he is, anyhow. 'Tis" a poor crature of a lunatic that got away from Kew Asylum about ten days ago. We've been after him up into the ranges, but he was seen down this way yesterday, and I'd just thought I'd look ye up and ask if ye'd seen any- thing of him." Shallard slapped me on the back. "That's our ghost, for a thousand, Alick! Tell the sergeant what you saw ; my share was confined to hear- ing." " That was him, sure enough," said Corrigan, when I had told my story. "But its not so certain he's drowned, after all. The banks of this Dande- nong's as full of holes as a rabbit warren. Maybe 'tis planted in one of them he is. We'll have a look at the place, anyhow." He took off his sword-belt and got over the edge. Close to the spot where the man had disappeared was a huge white gum, a root of which travelled for some distance along the face of the bank, near the surface of the water. Perched upon this, Corrigan rum- maged , about amongst the rank growth that curtained the scarp of the bank. " Bedad ! I thought as much !" he exclaimed presently, as his arm dis- appeared up to the shoulder. "There's a hole in here that would hould an illephant! Come down here, Hut- chinson, me boy, an' we'll soon—" "What they would have " soon" done did not appear, for, before the other Trooper could get down the bank, the lunatic bolted suddenly out of the hole, knocked the sergeant into the creek, and fell into it on top of him. The constable immediately jumped in to his superior's assist- ance, and between them they managed to haul the unfortunate creature on to a shallow some distance below. Thence, with our help, he was got up the bank—a lamentable spectacle. The short.tweed coat which was his only garment ill-concealed the ter- rible emaciation of a frame which was covered from neck to heel with the cuts and scratches received in his wanderings through the ranges. The piece of shirt around his head was stiff with dried blood, and in a cotton handkerchief tied, round his wolfish middle was thrust the blade of a broken pair of sheep-shears, the weapon which I had seen in his hand overnight. He smiled contemptu- ously when this was taken from him. " 'Tis well !" he said. " I am once more a captive, and have no use for my trusty falchion ! Fellow—lead on !" This with a magnificent wave of his hand towards the sergeant, who stood looking at him with com- passion. "Poor divil !" Corrigan said. "He's had a hard time of it, and no mis- take. We'll take him into Dandenong and get him a.few duds and a bite to ate before we take him back to Kew. Tisn't long he is for this world, any- how, I'm thinkin'." * * * * The next time I met Sarah Annes- ley was at the house of an excellent old lady who—peace to her ashes— devoted a good deal of her time to the " chase of the wild journalist," with a view to his extrication from that morass of iniquity in which it is one of his own pleasing conventions to represent himself as perennially wallowing. The "psychic" was honestly relieved to see me alive and well, and honestly said so. But neither she nor myself could establish the faintest connec- tion between her mysterious warn- ing and the "King of Australia" episode. "It was certainly an imminent danger, enough," she said, "but I can't make out the 'scarlet thread' in it. It may turn up yet, though"— she laughed as she rose to obey a call to the piano—" in which case, you must be sure to let me know." That day three weeks she was dead—a victim to the typhoid that was in those days verging on the epidemic. I had attended the funeral, and was waiting for my train at the Flinders- street station, when I saw a face I knew but couldn't " place "—a jolly, red- bearded countenance, the owner of which had a better memory than mine. "How d'ye do, sir?" he said, "an' how's Mr. Shallard ?" Shallard's name supplied the clue. " Oh, how d'you do, sergeant? The plain clothes puzzled me a bit. And, by-the-way, that unfortunate crea- ture you took back to Kew—did he die?" " Divil a die ! The gruellin' he got in the ranges must have done him good, somehow, for he got his sinses back shortly, after wards, an' I hear he's to be discharged in a week or two. Ye may drop across him again, one o' these days. He's a man of considerable means, I, believe, an' his name is—" The name is of no consequence, but a couple of months later I did drop across the bearer thereof. It was on the Geelong steamer. He looked, and I looked because he did ; whereupon he came up and held out his hand. I shook it with all the idiotic effusion of a man who doesn't know his interlocutor from Adam. " I hope you're very well," I said. He laughed. " Better than when you saw me last, at all events. Come, I see you don't remember the ' King of Australia !' " Who could have remembered him —the hunted lunatic, naked, gaunt and hirsute—in this well-groomed old gentleman, long and lean enough still, but frock coated, white-vested and clean-shaven ? " I have a remarkable memory for faces," he said, as he offered me his cigar case. " And I have special reason to remember yours." " You can recall, the incidents of that morning, then ?" " Perfectly, as I do everything else that occurred during my—pshaw ! why should I shirk the word?—my madness." I was silent. It is very unusual to find a recovered lunatic grasping his nettle in this way. The old gentle- man,too, smoked meditatively for a minute before he said : "I told you I had special reason to remember your features. Now, what do you think I was stealing.into your tent for when you fired at me ?" "Not at you—over your head. And it was about time, too, for I suppose you would have finished one or both of us with your 'trusty falchion,' as you called it." " Only one," he said,—"you !" "What?" The energy of my exclamation made two or three persons turn to look, and the old:man waited for a few moments before he went on. "Do you remember what you were wearing on your head the day before?" "Let's see. A 'Tam o' Shanter,' I think." "Yes—a scarlet one. Well, amongst my notions, preposterous to me now as they are to you, was the idea that the leaders of a vast conspiracy against me were to be recognised by their scarlet head-gear. And when, from my lair in the scrub, I noted your cap, I made up my mind that when night came one, at least, of my arch-enemies should perish. So it was lucky for you you weren't as sound a sleeper as your friend." It certainly had been ; but it wasn't the narrowness of my escape I was pondering over as I walked absently past the friend who had come to meet me on the wharf. Here, at last, was the "scarlet" thread of connection ! " Now then, chap !—in the clouds as usual? What problem are you try- ing to solve now ?" " One that beats me," I answered. And it beats me yet. 