\- [CONTINUED FROM SATURDAY'S ISSUE.] [COPYRIGHT.] MARJORY'S MISTAKE. By ADELINE. SERGEANT," ' Author of "The Great IIill-stkeet Mys*. tery, " " jacoel's wlfe," " SlR AX thoxy's Secret," " Under False Pre tences," etc., etc. CHAPTER XXXVII. Iti' spite of Mrs. Hyde's lamentations and j remonstrances, therefore, Helen went up to town and madj arrangements to enter the hospital almost immediately; but when the decision was finally made there came upon her like a cloud the consciousfiess of one thing which she had yet to do, and that was to tell the new director and his family that she. -was leaving . Redwood. The Beilby children were by this time so much attached to her, and' she was so fond of them, that the thought of parting from them was a sore trial to her.; but it was one that had to be faced. She walked over to the rectory one afternoon when she knew that Mr. Beilby was likely to be away from home, and sought out Fanny in the pretty, quaintly furnished drawing-room, where once Helen and her mother had reigned supreme, and where little Fanny now was mistress. But Fanny, nearly fifteen, looked much more fit for her position as lady of the house, than she had been when she first entered that room as a shy child in a shabby frock, with all the cares of a narrow income upon her childish shoulders. Prosperity and country air had done much for her, and she was by way of becoming a very pretty girl, as well as a capable housekeeper. By Helen's own advice a daily governess had been found to come from Southmiuster, three limes a week, for lessons, and Fanny made an apt pupil, though she was still in the habit of carrying all her difficulties, small and great, j to her chief friend and adviser, Heleu Drura | raond. It would hare given Helen a great pang to enter that room and see it occupied by strangers; but it did not grieve her very much to see the Beilbys in possession. Fanny was so reverent of the past, so anxious not to wound her friend by changes, that Helen had already been obliged to suggest various improvements to her, which the girl would have thought almost sacrilegious if suggested by anyone else. Mr. Beilby had bought most of the Rectory furniture jshen he took it over, andt the drawing-room looked, therefore, much as Eelen had always known it, except that her favorite pictures were gone from the walls, and. the old china in which her father delighted no longer -aderned—the Indian cabinets and old fashioned inlaid tables. These precious treasures were, as Helen, knew, stowed away in boxes for her own use whenever she re quired them; but a3 she looked round the old room, shorn of its former glories, she could have half wished that the china and pictures, and all the' other; little artistic treasures which had been her mother's especial property, were back in their places, aud not reposing in carefully packed boxes in one of the attics at Redwood Hall, where they .would, remain stowed away until Helen herself wanted them. ' " Ana 1 suppose it may be years before I see them again,' Helen had said to herself, as Bhe superintended the packing away of her old home possessions. It was foolish, ■eKe knew, to feel grieved over such a trifle, but the veriest knick-knack had become a sorb of 'relic, and she grudged each one to j the silence and darkness in which they must ■now repose. Almost better,, she thought, to have left them on the Rectory walls and tables; where tKey might at least have given pleasure to somebody's eye. ' You have not been here for a long time,' said Fanny, greeting her friend efiusively, and making her take the most comfortable easy chair in the room. ' I have not seen you for nearly a week—but what is it, dear Miss Drummond? You don't, look quite well, or you are troubled about something. What is it ?' ' It is nothing to be troubied about,' said Helen, forcing a smile. ' It was only that 1 was thinking it would be some time before I saw this dear old room again.' ' Why ?' said Fanny, quickly. ' Are you going away on a visit r(' 'I am going away, but not on a visit exactly. I daresay I shall come down now and then; and I believe I shall have a holiday in the summer.' * But I thought you were going to live at the hall always,' said Fanny, her eyes grow ing large and round. ' No, dear ; I never meant to live always at the hall. I have not quite enough to do now, and my life seems a little empty and barren. You are old enough to understand tliat, I am sure, Fanny dear. I am going away to London, to learn to be a nurse in a hospital, but London is not very fur off, and of course I shall see you again very soon, and, I hope, very often.' C=~ic-va*-;-. The tear3 were in Fanny's brown eyes already, and dropping upon her cheeks, but Helen bent, forward and kissed them away. ' I know you will miss me for a little while,' she said;, softly, ' but you will soon get over that, though I am sure you will not forget trie when T a«n away.' ' Forget you ; no, indeed !' cricd Fanny, 'but I don't know what 1 shall do without you, dearest Miss Drummond, you have been so good to us all ! And who shall I go to now when I am in trouble and puzzled about things? I shall get into all sorts of-muddle —I know I.shall—when you are not here.to help file.' ■ - • - • • 'There are plenty of other people who will tell you what • to do when'you are puzzled. Go to Mrs. Hvde,-or Mrs. Severrfe; you know how kind she is, and how fond you are of her little boy.' 4 Oh, yes, she is very kind,' said Fanny, ' but not kind like you. Of course'she has got Mr. Severne and the baby to think about, and you always seem to think of us first, as if we were really important to you, and not as if you'were just doing a kindness. I don't .know what we shall do without you —any of us.' 'You must consult your father when you are in trouble,' said Helen. - Oh, that is not the same thing,' said Fanny. :' Men, gentlemen, you know, don't like to be bothered, and they don't always understand. Is otv you always understand, and I thought you would go on living at the hall, aad. that we should see you everyday, and that it would all bo so nice.' Fanny's voice grew more and more dolorous as she coutinued. ' And whenever I was puzzled by the servants of the poor of the parish I had only to say to them 'Miss Drummond says so and so' and they 'gave in at once * and I am sure they will never give in to me when you are riot here to back me up. Be-' cause, yon see, father says I must not behave like a little girl, I must be hi3 helper and companion, and the mistress of the house, und an elder sister to the children and everything, and it sometimes seems a great deal more than I know how to do.' ' You will grow older ; every day,''said Helen, 'and you will find that every year mal:6s things easier. I; hope you will write to me'sometimes, will you not, Fanny?' ' If I may,' said Fanny, gratefully, :'I will write every week and tell you ho \y every body is getting on.' . . ' And all your troubles/ said Helen, with alifctle smile. Fanny's troubles Beemed to her very small just then. ' xfot many peopleliuowabout it, do'they?' the child went an, with a wistful look. ' I suppose I may tell papa.' ' Certainly. Everyone-knows about it by this time. It is no secret.' ;;' There lie is !' cried Fanny; starting up, as a dark.figiire passed the window, 'I will call hirri into speak to you, and then you can tell hiin yourself.' She was out in the hall before Helen could stop- her, and presently returned, leading her father by the hand. There was a touch of concern in the look he gave her, a concern which was interpreted by his words. ' Fanny tells me that we are to lose you from Redwood,' he began. ' Yes, I am going to be trained as hospital nurse. I hope,' said Helen, hesitatingly, that you do not disapprove.' ' Disapprove ! Far from it; but I trust you are not taking up this course because you are unhappy at Redwood.' 11 have been very happy indeed with Mrs Hyde,'said Helen, coloring a little, 1 but I feel that I have not quite enough to do here, and I want to learn how to be useful.-. 'It is a good object,' said Mr. Beilby,' gently. ' But isn't it dreadful that Miss Drum mond should go away from us?' cried Fanny. ' I don't know how we shall get on without her.' 'Jliss Drummond has been so very kind to us all that we shall miss her very much,' srfid Mr. Beilby, ' but you must remember, Fanny, that she has something else to do beside being kind to one set of people in a country village.' ' Then you do not think I am wrong in going,' said Helen, with downcast eyes. '.No; why should you not go V he said, quietly. ' You have no ties here, arid( it is well to do all that one can for the good of the world. I wish you happiness and suc cess.' He held out his hand as he spoke, and held hers gravely for a moment or two, looking as if there were something' he ; wanted, but knew not cxactly how, to ex 1 It cams at l&st.; \- • i 'You have been very kind to my children, | my motherless children',? lie said, with a j thrill in his voice, of which she could easily I divine the meaning, ' and I thank you. I j may say ' God bless you, before you go V I She looked up for a moment aa if, to thank him,, but.her eyes were full of tears. The man's kind-heartedness had vanquished the i awkward shyness that so often stood in his way. His tone was almost fatherly, and the ' benediction seemed to cheer and strengthen her as she went on her way. Nevertheless, she was very glad when the farewells were spoken, aud she was free to depart, i She had not- thought that she would feel ! che parting with the Beilby's quite as much as she did. The new rector, who had been her father's helper, was like an old friend, and the children had become inexpressibly dear to her. She felt it almost, hard that she could not show her affection in any practical way. She would have been very glad to help them as ahe used to do in the days of their comparative poverty, but they were lifted above such need of help at present, for the Redwood living was a good one, and Mr. Beilb y was, therefore, a prosperous man. ' ' They have no need of me,' she said to her self, with rather a sore heart, asshe went back to Redwood Hall. ' They will forget me in a week. It is well I am going somewhere j where I can be of real use. I don't mind | how hard the work is as long aB I feel it ia worth doing. I am sure it ia good for me to be going, andlthinkMr. BeUby thought ao too, and if, as Felix says, the work may be too hard for me, I must come home again, though- not without a struggle, for I don't mean, to be beaten easily.' So it was with a cheerful countenance that she set forth on her first lonely expedition into the world, and her courage did riot falter, even though the leave takings at the station were something of an ordeal; for all the Beilby children were there, p.nd various old pen sioners of her father's had comc up from Iled wood to hid the old .Rector's young lady good-bye. But, in spite of her courage and resolution, it was exceedingly ttying, and she was glad when it was over. Felix had chosen the hospital that she was to go to, and had made various arrangements for her well being. She bad nothing to do but to settle down in the niche which he had found for her, and to go through the routine of her various duties with as much industry and patience as she was capable of. Certainly. : her occupations were at first neither very congenial nor very interesting, and the work was sometimes exceedingly heavy ; but just I IIiku Helen wis glad of any amount of liaT-i J work, as it kept hor from brooding over tho' losses that she had recently sustained. Tho breaking up of her home and the death of her parents were not trials to be easily sus tained by a nature so gentle and affectionate as Helen Drummond's, »nd~from"3ay to~da~y~ she felt that she had been wiso to cut herself off resolutely from tha associations which constantly renewed the memory ~of" sorrow. ■ Hero in London, in the great wards of the I hospital where every moment was occupied, and the brain and hand were equally busy, she had little time for retrospect, and at night she was so weary that she fell asleep almost as soon as her head touched the pillow. Even Felix, when he saw her after a few weeks of this sort of life, was obliged to own that she looked better than when she was last at Red wood, and that her strength did not seem to be too severely taxed. She was a favorite with thenurses, andpatients, and doctors alike. She enjoyed her work, and had, as Felix put it with a smile, evidently found her vocation. 'But I thought you were going abroad,' she said to him when ho came to seo her in the recreation hour, and she went for a walk with him through some of the quieter London streets. : Felix looked *t her as she walked besides him, and thought how well the nurse's / costume became her. The fair face looked all the sweeter when framed in the plain i bonnet with its broad white strings, and the ' long cloak did not altogether disguise the graceful lines of her tall and supple figure. She looked strong and healthful and beauti ful, and Felix felt, as he often did, a little thrill of astonishment with himself for not being more warmly inclined towards the cousin whom he liked and admired so rpuch, but did not love. : I ■ ' I thought I was going- before now, V ho said, 'but I have: been detained. ^fflfehie Severne has been ill.'.. .. . f 'Did he allow you to attend him, tthen ?' said Helen. • [ m ' Not he: We'had to.send for a doctp from ■ Southminiater,1 said Feiix, with a sjnile in which Helen discerned annoyance. ' What detained me was that I had to do his work.' ' He is better now ?' ' Yes I think so, it was only a chill, with a touch of feyer, I think ; but it was a tedi ous affair, and-very wearying to his nurse.' ' I should be afraid so. How is she V 'I did not, think her looking very well,' said Felix, 1 but that cannot be helped as long as she has a husband like :Archie,! and he half laughed and half sighed", as if trying to disguise from Helen and from himself the bitterness of the conviction. - ' Poor Marjory.!' saidHelen, softly. Felix did not answer. A vision rose up be fore him of the face; he loved, as he had last seen it, wau and'worn by the cares of nursing; possibly, as Felix sometimes feared, by the irritability of the'sick man, and the difficulty of satisfying his requirements. Mrs. Hyde had said to him lately that Marjory was losing her beauty, for she was thin and pale, and there were, shadows about her eyes and lines upon her forehead, but though Felix's heart ached when he looked at her, it always seemed to him that she was more beautiful than ever. It would not do, however, to put all this into words, and so he began to talk to Helen about her hospital life, and led the conversation so skilfully away from himself and ail his concerns, that it was not until afterwards that the recollected how little she had learnt about her friends at Redwood. He had scarcely uttered the Beilby's names, and yet.it was about them that Helen would have liked to hear. Fanny's letters came regularly, but were somewhat unsatisfactory. But Felix was so-busy in putting her through an examination on her duties that she really had not time to make' many inquiries after Redwood folk. CHAPTER XXXVIII. Ifc was one of the first warm daya of spring, and shortly after Felix's first visit to Helen in London, that the squire of Red wood Hall came up to the pretty little house now occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Severne. It was a mild, still afternoon. . The fruib trees were in blossom and the birds were busy with their nests.. There was a blue mist of hyacinths in the woods, aud every corner of J dell and dingle waa starred with primroses. ' If any day could make a sick man well,' thought Felix,:' thia is of all others the., very day.' He almost hoped to find Archie in the garden, but on .inquiry ho found that Mrs. Severne was out and that Mr. Severne was in the sitting-room. Thither Felix betook himself, and found to his amaze that the room had been 'sedulously darkened, win dows and blinds ere alike closed, and Arcl'.ica form was only dinily visible on a couch in the darkest corner. ■"Shall. I-bother;you if I come in? said ■Felix, ''How are ycSu to day old man V There was a somewhat fretful exclamation "fronrthe-sofa-but-no-very- iBtelligible answer to the question. Felix .came in and shut the door. ' '' iJ •' ' Headache, I.sappose V he said, standing beside" Archie's sofa. ' Yes headache,' was the reply, rather gruffly. ' _ ■' xoii would bo much better ior a uccie fresh air in the room. Why don't you come out into, the garden and get a little wind and sunshine ? That would take away your head ache better than anything.' ' That is what strong healthy fellows like you always say,' returned Archie, irritably. ' For my part I hate sunshine. I like cool ness and quiet, and a subdued light, some times.' ' Well, so do I sometimes,' said Felix, good humoredly. ' But can't I do anything for you ? What sort of a headache have you got?' 'It is almost better now, it doesn't matter, said Archie. ' Then I think I had better open the window,' said Felix with ^decision. . 1 What do you mean by shutting yourself up in the dark like a -woman because you have got a headache 1 Come out with me ; you will bo all the better for it.' 'I don't suppose you know wh'it headachcs like mine are,' said Archie, in a tone of great irritation. ' I wish to goodness you would hold your tongue. If you and Marjory wpuld let me alone I souldbe obliged to you, ■but-it is always the same; no woman can help nagging, and you are as bad as a woman any day.' ' ' ■ ' ' Thanks for the compliment,1 said Felix, quite undisturbed, ' I don't mind being put on a par with Marjory. See what a fine afternoon it is.' He had pulled up the blind and opened the window. A Hood of sunshine illuminated the liLLle room, and Archie, liaif-reiuoranily, drew nearer to the window, leaned his arm upon the sill, and looked out. The garden was bright with spring flowers, the scent of hyacinth and wallflower was wafted softly to his nostrils, aVid the passing breath of r.n April wind. The freshness and beauty of the scene brought in peace to his troubled brow. He laid his hands over, his eyes, for the light was too strong for him, and quito unconsciously uttered a sort of moan, like that of a creature in pain. Felix, standing at the window, steadfastly regarded him, and at this point placed his hand upon his friend's shoulder. ' There is something the matter with you beyond a headache,' ho said, gently. ' Why -not make a clean breast of it i You'll bo all the bettor for spending out.' Archie made an in'.'jp.tK'nt movement. Re v.-ns a? as a child. 'There is nothing the matter,' he said, ' except the remains of what you doctors called nervous shock at the time, I remember. It .sei-rns absurd to you, no doubt ; but one does nob easily get over the remembrance of experiences like mine.' ' It is not absurd by any means ; but after n year's time I think you ought to be rble to put those painful memories aside. Is it at night that they torment you most T ' At night mostly.' Archie's voice was still sullen ; but after a pause he spoke rapidly, as if impelled by some irresistible i impulse to confession. 1 ' There is one particular nightmare,' ho said, ' which I have two or three times a week at least. Last night it repeated itself in a queer way. I had it twicc over, and then got up and read so that I should not fall asleep again : but, it was an odd thing, tho nightmaro stilleeemedto come. Dream or vision, or what ever it was, while I was still awnko it got be tween me and the pages of the book somehow, and I could not drive it away. Goodhoavensr Felix, you don't think I am going mad •' ' Of course not; but I think you are ner vous, and that perhaps your digestion may be in a touchy sort of state. What was your nightmare liko Y Archie's answer was next door to being unintelligible. He spoke low and fast, and the words which Felix distinguished most clearly related to the clutching hands and fierce eyes of a man who wanted to drag him down, while the angry waves of a swelling sea mounted higher and higher around the fragments of wreckage on which he and other shipwrecked waiiueM had sought escape from death. . ' Ah !' eaid Felix, ' that is the dream you used to have when you were delirious. A sort of notion that somebody was wanting to kill you during that wreck.' '-rhad itthon^had'I? I da not wonder. God knows I have never been free from it aver since.' Ho hid his face in his hands find--groaned aloud.-- Felix -again- watched him silently for a few minutes. There wa; no sound save that of the birds' twittering voices and the hum of a stray wild bee which seemed to havo made its homo in the rcw of bushy wallilowers beneath the window frame. ' It seems to me,' Felix said, ' that there must be some foundation for this dream of yours. Was it suggested by something you saw or heard during the wreck of the ' Aurora V ' If there were,' said Archie, with a rest less movement, ' I do not see any good in recalling it.' 'There is this good, that by telling the incident you might dissipate your midnight vision. It is probably because you won't face the remembrance fairly and clearly that you are haunted by it, and I. think <1-have somo clue as to the incident which impressed you so strongly.' He spoke with deliberato quiet and calm ness ; but Archie gave a great start, and lifted his face suddenly from his hands, a face which had grown suddenly white, as it his whole being were shaken by some sudden fear. ' What do you mean < he stammered. ' How—what do you know V ' I think I told you that I met a man in New York called Strangway3 ' ' I never heard of him1: on board ther ' Aurora,'' Archie interposed, hastily. 'No, I do not suppose so ;• he -called.hinv; self on board by another name. ' He was a' steerage passenger like yourself, knew ,a^f Jeremiah Strong.' ' • '{: A sort of shudder passed through Archie's, frame. Felix felt satisfied that no had hit the right nail on the head. Arohie must hare witnessed that terrible scene between Strangways and the man who had robbed his daughter of her last remaining chance of life. And the horror of ;it had impressed itself in some peculiar way upon his brain: Felix had often said to himself that he did understand Archie, and this touch of hyper sensitiveness seemed.to him somewhat.in consistent with the young man's character. But, after all, he had seen too much of human nature to be very much surprised by any of lbs contradictions. ■ , v . ' You knew the man?' said Felix in a lower voice. . . ' Yes, I remember him,' Archie ac-1 knowledged with a gaap. The lower parb of his face was again hidden, but Felix s'avr the drops of perspiration standing out upon his forehead. Ho pitied Archie for his Btresa of emotion, but he was quite convinced that the only way to rid him of his nightmare was to induce him to faco that terrible j memory courageously, and to resolve -that he would bo in its thrall 110 more. There fore he pressed his point. ' I have often wondered whether you saw anything of him during the voyage ; at any rate I suppose you wero. with him on. the wreck for some part of the night V ' Each man for himself,' interposed Archie, in a curiously strained voice. ' You do not expect that under those circumstanccs ono j take could much notice of what was going on J around one.1 -,v . ~r- . j ' I do not know,' said Felix. ' I should have imagined that one's senses would -rliave been sharpened at such a time ; ■ and • the story that Strangways told mo. was. so ter-, terrible that I think "you must have seen or heard something of what passed.' ' Oan't you hold your tongue 1' said Archio with sudden roughness. ■ ' I have told you over and over again that I won't' talk about that night. The sooner^rl rforpet it the better. ' You will forget it all the-more speedily^if for once you -would, speak out,' said Felix, sternly. ' You are giving way, brooding upon, it, making a fool of yourself. Do you Buppose you are the only man in tho world who has been shipwrecked and seen horrible Bights ? Pull yourself togetherand be a mpn/ ' I do not know what you want me to say or do,' said Archie, shame.draa it seomed, -in to some sort ot acquiescence-: 4I can't seo the slightest good in raking up_ all. tho painful incidents of that shipwreck. Why, that man—that man you speak of,' ho went, on, lifting his face "while bis eyes ' dilated j with a carious expression of mingled horror and fear, ' that man was fool enough to think he could save his daughter by putting a life belt round her. She was half dead already ; she had not the slightest chance ; but a strong man—a swimmer—the belt was of some use to him !' ' Ah, that is a thing I was coming to,1 said Felix. 'You saw ic then? Some brute it seema, took the life-belt forcibly away from the girl snd used it himself. I do not like to think of that old man's face when ho told tho story, and for the Bake of our common humanity I sincerely hope that the ruffian did not find the belt of much use to him.' Felix could not see Archie'B face, but from tho nervous twitching of his fingers he con jectured that the scene had ruado a great im pression upon his mind. It was in a husky voice, very unlike his own, that Archio pre sently said, in a confused and stammering way: 1 You said the man—that man—wae alive in New York. I never thought he would get safe to land.' I ' Jio, it was a most remarkable escape, said Felix', 'his arm was broken, and he was j a great deal bruised and battered, bat ho was one of the very few picked up and ' brought toland. Thegirl, of course, wasdrowned. Well from what you tell me of yourdreams, Archie, I supposo that Is tho scene which repents itsalf. I can imagine that that old fellow, with his fierce eyea and his helpless ngony of rage, could not easily be forgotten. Now , just tell ine—I ask for the sake of conSvaiing I my own theory—do not you Inyourdreams con fuse yourself with the man who took tho belt? Do not you feel as if you had committed tho crime, and the old man's hands wero stretched out to clutch your throat, and his curses woro lighting on your head ? My dear fellow, it is a very common experience, and you need not worry yoursolf about It. Your only danger lies in your brooding over it so that it may become a fixed idea, which—to put it very plainly—would bo the first step towards a form of mania which it might bo difficult to cure. That is why I toll you that you had better look tho thing fairly in the faco and try to comb?.!, it.? ' ' What is there to see ?' cried Archie, wir.h a despairing groan. ' You do not know what you are talking about. And yet—don't you understand ? Don't you know the truth ? It is no use of tslkin? to mc about mania ; things are bad enough without that. I was tho man !' There was again a cuddon silence. It wan the turn of Felix to start and even to turn pale. He made an involuntary step back ward ; then lu3 voice changed, and he looked at Archie's bowed head with an expression of mingled pity and comprehension. 1 Do not say such things, man ! You havo, as I thought, let the thing get hold of you too much. Rouse yourself, Archie ! It is a delusion, a Aream, like your other dreams. We know very well—Marjory and I—that you arc not a coward or a villain. Do your best to forget.that dream of yours, and these fancies will soon fade from your mind.' He spoke'in perfect good faith. The very idea that Archie can possibly have been guilty of so base an act was too terrible to be entertained. Ho could only be sorry for the suffering which such a delusion would entail. It would have been easy at that moment for Archie to sei/.o his advantage, and to treat his own statement as a momentary aberration of mind ; but lie had lost his self-control, which had been maintained only through tho silence which ho had failed to break. Now that Felix hr.d broken down the barrier re'ticonco rrsis impossible. 1 I tell you,' he said hoarsely and ex citedly, ' that I know what I am saying as well as you do. I took tho belt away from the girl ; the old man had told me!to put it round her and I refused ; why .should I blame myself for that? Tho girl could never have been saved : why was my life to be thrown away as well? But fori that life belt I should have been-drownod ; ;to throw atray -one'a -lifo for a sentimont, wliat was the use of that V j Felix recoiled. This justification of bin action carried more conviction to his mind than Archio's bare assertion of the fact; but still ho did not believe. Let Archie talk his delusion out—that was tho notion that presented itself to his mind. It would pro bably d'o away in its own time. ' The girl was unconscious,' Archie went on, hurriedly. ' I believe she was dead al ready, or dylKg. No woman could stand the. exposure of that night. It was a mere mad fancy of tho old man to think that she could bo savod. Hadn't I myself to think of, and Marjory, too 1 But for the old man's eyes and those bony -fingers'of his, which triad so hard to get at me, I should have forgotton the old thing long ago. I do for get it in the daytime, but at night he come3 back, and "I "go through" it "all again, "and hour him calling down vengeance upon me and see the hatred in his eyes. Teach me to -forget-that-mght;-"Fclnrr:ind"'I-w"ill thank you all tho days of my life.1 ' You had- better put-yourself entirely under my care,' said Felix, practically, 'and see if I can't cure you. Do not be 'afraid. Wo will make you forget. I will stop that dream, from coming ; 6ee if I don't.' Ho spoko cheerily, and gave the young man an encouraging pat on the shoulder. It was a delusion, of course. Poor old Archie ! To think of his keeping it to himself all this, whiio ! But tho cheerfulness of his tona seemed to produce no reassuring eSect upon his friend. In fact Archie scarcely seemed to hear his words. He roused himself from his dark reverie and murmured, ' I thought that old fellow must be dead. I thought; it must bo his ghost or something that haunted mo in this way.. Do you say that he is alive —alive in New Yoirk, and that he told' you' his story V ' He did.' 'Then,' said the young man calmly,'I might as well out my throat or put a bullet through my head, for that man -will never rest till he has found mo dead or alive. I thought the worst was over,' ho said, with a slight shudder, ' and being dead he could do mo no more harm. I see now that it is all to come.' 1 What could Felix say in face of 30 strong a delusion 1 He wanted and watched with doubtful eyes] while Archie, raising: himself and moving back from the window flung him self onco more on the sofa, from which he had been reluctantly dragged, and hid his face in the cushions. ' 'You had better let me stay here and not drag me out into your cursed sunshine,' he said in a muffled voice. ' I tell you that old man will find me here one of these days, and will havo his reckoning, as he said. You had better let mo alonfe,'' '■ V rP ' M; He lay haggard and motionless for some minutes and Felix leaned against the! window frame musing over the story he had heard. He was relieved when, after a considerable period Archie again moved and spoke—this thne in a more natural voice. ' I say, haven't I been talking nonsense V he asked. ' I have been having th$t dream of mine again—the one I told you about, you know; and when it"gets hold of me I do not think I am quite responsible for; what I say.' A heavy load Beemed suddenly to -fall from Felix's heart. In spite of himself; Archie's words had produced an uncomfortable sens ,ation of doubt. He was glad to be restored completely to his former opinion that Arehie had brooded so long over the horrors of the shipwreck chat he had at last come to identify himself with the unknown, ruffian" who had committed a crime, of which Felix felt certain that Archie was not capable. (To be continued.) 