TALES AND SKETCHES RENSHAW CANNING'S QUEST. BY BERTRAM MITFORD. Author of the " TheGun-Runuer: a Romance of Zululand," " 'Tween Snow arid Flie," " Through the Zulu Couutry : It« Battle- fields and its People." &c.; [ALL lUGirTO IlF.bKRVBD.] . Cu I'TKB XV.-TUB IDNIOBT FOE. " Why, it's Rjnahaiv !" cried Mrs. Sel wood, who, heariuj the hound of hoofBmingling with the barking of tile dog«, had como to the door. " We didn't expect you till to-morrow. Well, you're just in time. A few miuules more and we should all have gone to bed. Call Wiudvogol LO take your horse, and come in." " I'll let him run ; he's about done up," he unswered, removing saddle, bridle, aud head- stall, and turnlug the aoimal udrift. "Has your business füllen throughV" she asked, as lie followed her iuto thc pusuago and closed the door. " It has had to stand over. Come in here, Hilda," leuding the wuy into au empty room. "I have something to tell yon. j\o-never mind thc light. Thc fewer lights shown the better." Then in as few words as possible bc told her of the danger which li mered over them. Hilda Selwood «mc of a good old colonial stock, and was »ot lacking in nerve. Still she would not have been a woman had she realised the frightful peril which threatened herself and her children without a shudder. " We must do what we can, Renshaw," «he suid. " Perhaps they will not attack us.'' " ' Perhaps i-, u sorry word to sturt cam- paigning upon. What we've gat to de is to euBure.them us warm i reception as possible if they ??o. My opinion is that they will, if only that they seem to have been watching the road. I believe they have ascertained by some means or other that dirie is away. What people have you on thc place just now ?" " Very few. There's Windvogel -and old Jacob mid?Gnmfaua. That's all." " Windvogel I don't trust. Shouldn't wonder, indeed, if the yellow scoundrel was in league with them. Old Jacob has more than one foot in the grave-be's «o good. But Gomfaiia, though he couldu't kit a hay- stack with a gun, might make tiseiul play with a chopper if it came tn close quarters. And now look herc," he went on, after a moment's hesitation ; "thc situation niay.be desperate. These seven cut-throats are fight- ing with a noose round their necks. Every! one of «their lives is forfeited, and they are all well armed. Now is there no suggestion you can make towards strengthening the garri- son !" " Why, of course, Marian and I both know how to shoot. That makes three of us. And thea we arc under cover."" " Well spoken. But I can Improve on that idea-if you can bring yourself to acree. Little-chaps av they are. Fred and Basil are better shots than either- of yon, and gameto thc core." Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Her two little ones! Why, they were mere babies, but yesterday I And now che was to be called upon to sacrifice them-to expose them to the peril cf a desperate conflict which would fully tax thc courage of grown men. "Fd rather not, if it could possibly bc avoided," she said, at last. "Very well. Bot I'm much mistaken if the young scamps won't take the matter into their own hands directly they hear a -eliot fired. Now, how many gnus have we? There's mine-two of Chris's-that makes eix barrels, thc boys' muzzle loaders, ton barrels. Then Chris has a five-shoeter-" " He took that with him.*" '. Did hot Well, I haw a six. Altogether we shan't do badly. And now you had better break the news to Marian and Miss Avery while i slip down to the but to rout out Gomfaaa. And lose no time barricading tho windows. Mattresses are tie thing for tl»t -almoet bullet proof." Arming himself with a fun and revolver, Renshaw slipped out quietly, and made ibis way to thc huts. Gomfana,fÛke most natives, Blept heavily, and took a deal of waking ; and by the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He was a sturdy youngster of shoat twenty-a "raw" Kafir-that is to say one who hos never been out of Iiis native kraal, and was stupid and ignorant of European ways. But at the prospect of a fight he grinned aud brightened up. Just as they regained the house a glow suffused the sky against tho mountain top,' and a few minutes later a broad half-moon was \ sailing high in tho heavens. Renshaw hailed its appearance with unbounded satisfaction. The two girls hod already lit their candle! for bed when Mrs. Selwood brought the un- welcome news, judiciously omitting the ghastly tragedy, which could only horrify without encouraging the hearers. Their method of teuciving it was le divergent os their characters. Marian, though she slightly changed colour, remained perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other hand, turned white as a sheet, and fairly shook with terror. It was all they could do to keep her from going into wild hysterics. " This sort of thing won't do at all, Miss Avory," said Renshaw, entering at that moment ; his Bable recruit hanging back in thc doorwoy. " Why, all yoa'vc got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in pcrlect safety. If we exchuuge a Bhot or two that's all it will amount to. Come, now, I should have thought you would have enjoyed the excite- ment of a roal adventure." Violet tried to smile, but it was thc mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook. And Renshaw Limself seemed changed. None ot his diffident lover about Mm now. He aecmed in his element at thc prospect of peril. In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian's eulogies on his coolness und resource in an emergency. Thc recolle tion quieted her, and «lie looked upon bim with uubounded respect. Then she noted Marilin's calm aud resolute demeanour, and even fancied that tho look of the latter was expressive of something like contempt wherein she was mistaken, but the idea acted aa a tonic to brace her nerves. Having seen to the firearms and ammu- nition, and cautioned the women to remain where they were and allow no more light to he seen than they could help, Renshaw went tile round of the hous . Effie and thc two little ones were sleeping soundly, so also were the two boys. Opening the door, he looked cautiously out. All was still. He had decided that the four corner rooms should be thc points of defence, and the windows accordingly were not barricaded. Thc others were rendered secure by fixing against each a couple of mattresses. Then he went back to tho ladies. The house was now all in darkness, but thc moonlight streaming in above thc protecting mattresses gave sufficient light for all purposes. "Now good people," he said, cheerily, "you may all go to bcd. I'll call you when I want you. I'm going to wutch at one corner, and Gomfaiia will take the other. There'll bc no natcliiug IIB napping. Besides, thc dogs will raise the most awful shillalou if any- one heaves in sight. " Shakedowns had becu improvised on the floor with rugs and pillows. In grent measure reassured by Marian's unconcern, Violet consented to lie down. Mrs. SclwooB betook herself to her children's room. Thc moon mounted higher ami higher to thc zenith, flooding the land with an corie and chastened half light. The monnl onon» chirrup of the tree-frog, thc shrill baying of n pair of hunting jackals, thc occasional cry of a night bird mournfully echoing from the mountain side, floated to the watcher's car. Unre- mitting in bis vigilance, Renshaw moved silently from room to room, his unerring eye scanning tho ground st every point, and keep- ing his sable lioutcuant up to tho mark, lest that thal worthy should bc tempted to dor«. Rut Gomfaiia, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the encounter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from thc ,' matu dwelling was a large outhouse block, comprising stables, waggon shed, shearing house, &c.; On tilia point Renshaw's attention was mainly concentrated. He felt sure that \ the miscreants would take advantage of tho .hadow of this building to creep up as near os they could Another point that needed watching was thc thick quiuce hedge which skirted thc garden, and which now afforded a shade congenial to the assailants* movements 1 Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a 1 lonely nocturnal vigil. Most men, brave enough iu actual danger, would have felt the *' creepy" effect of those silent hours as they ' strained their ryes upon the surrounding veldt, now construing a shadow into an enemy 1 -uow heariug a whisper of voices-the tread of a stealthy footstep-in the varyiua and 1 spectral sounds of thc night. But Renshaw's solitary and wandering life had iunred him tu these things. His chief considerations now were, firstly lest tile drowsy feeling which he was doiug hts utmost to combat, should tend to dim his vigilance; secondly, thc stilling of his cravings fur just one carefully guarded pipe. Suddenly the. faiutest possible creak of a footfall on thc floor behind him. He turned like lightning. "It sonly me," «llisperedíi soft voice, And u bill figure approached in the gloom. " Marian 1 Why are you not lying down with th« rest !" " They're all asleep now, even Violet. Look, i've brought you some sandwiches Vou hardly atc muy thing when you came in. You set to work upon them at once, ami I'll mount sentry while you ure having eupner." "Sow uood vi you," he said, taking the plate from ncr, ami also the gluss of brandy and water which she had mixed for him. "Why, what have you thercî A shooting iron Î" "Of course. You don't suppose I wtts goiugto leave my gun behind alien we ure in u statu of siege, ¡lo youî" Mio carried a double-barrelled breech-loader -rifle aud shot cartridge-and there was a warrior flash in her eyes visible iu the moon- light, which told that eke meant to usc it, tco, if occasion required. *' It is very lonely for you, watching all by yourself," «he continue "'I thought I would come and keep you company " "So like you again. But look herc, Marian, dear. You must not be exposed to danger. Single-handed I can make such an example ef the scliepsels that they'll probably . turn and ran. Still, they might let fly a shot ; or two. You will go back to the others if I ask you-will you notï" Her heart tnrilled tumultuously within her. In the darkness she need be at no stains to conceal the tell-tale expression of her face. Ali, but-his tones, though aflectiouate, were merely brotherly. That might be, «but still, whatever peril he might undergo it should be her privilege to share it-her sweet,privilege -and she would share it. ". No ; I will not," «lie answered, decisively. "1 can be as cool as anyone living, man or woman.. Feel my hand ; there « not . tremble in it." And ber fingers closed round his.in s .firm steady clasp, in whioh there was nothing nervous, nothing spasmodic. .'.'1 believe^ou can,"Tie answered, ''but I was thinking of your safety." " Hy safety !" she interrupted. Then in a' different tone, "How do you suppose they'll come, Reoshaw? Walk openly to the house or try to creep up in toe shadow?" - "The last, iou see they suotvod their haud by tackling me upon the road. Yet 'hoy may think I've «trued in and bothered, no more about it. Halla !" " What is it t" "I.could have sworn I heard something. I vie got long ears-like A donkey, you will Bay." Both listened intently, the woman we th less eagerness, lesa anxiety, than the man. There' was a kind of exaltation about Marian to- night. Her nerves were as firm as those of her ' male companion himself.; and tho certainty of a bloody conflict was to her, in ber then frame of mind, s> mere »nutter of detail. " Ah ! I thought I was right," be weat on, as a premonitory 'woof from one of the dogs lying around' the houso was followed by a general uprising and clamour <en the part of the whole lot. Then, baying savagely, they started off in full charge is the direction of the dark line of 6hade thrown by the willows fringing the dam, aud cu the opposite side to that watched by Rensbaw and his companion. " Marian, just go to the othor side «nd look if you can see anything. You won't, I know, but still there's no barm in making sure." She obeyed. From that aide of the house nothing was visible except s long stretch of sickly moonlight and the line of trees. But the dogs had disappeared within the «bode of the latter end were raisiug a clamour that was truly infernal. They seemed to be hold- ing something or somebody in check. Then she returned to her former post. "There's nothing there," she said, "at present. Ah !" Three shadowy figures were flitting round thu angle of the outhouse block above men- tioned. They gained the shade throwu by the front of it-crouched and waited. "Herc they are," whispered RenBhaw, under his breath. "I was up to that dodge. One fellow was told off to draw off tho d"gs, while these jokers sneaked up in the opposite direction. Look-here come the rest,' Two more figures followed the first-then another. All were now crouching in the shadow of thc outhouses. Still the yelling' clamour of the dogs sounded distant on tho other side, kept up with unabated fury. , CHAPTER XVX-CATCHING A TARTAR. "Now Marian," whispered Renshaw. " This is g'dng to be to a life and death business remember. It's them or ourselves. You are sure you have no womanish quitina iu favour of 'giving them a chance,' or any madness of that kind t" " You will sec !" was the curt reply, aud the tone was sufficient. " All right. When I say ' Now,' yon must let iuto the fellow I'll point out to you. Use your shotbarrcl remember. I'm going to let them get quite close, and we'll give them a heavy charge of loopers apiece. Then if we get u show we'll follow it up with rifle practice." She whispered assent, and for some moments they strained their eyes upou the shade of tho out-buildings Suddenly one dark ligur. fitted noiselessly out, followed by another and amit her, till thc whole gang were full iu sight, advancing in a diagonal line. " Keep cool Mamu, keep cool," warned Rens'iaw. " Wait for the word. They are not nearly clo.-e enough yet." On came the six cut-throats. Two black men lcd-then a boslial-looking- undersiied Bubhman hottentot: his hideous yellow face, repulsive :'i the moonlight, cruel, ape-lilce ; Iii« eyes i o'ling in «ager, ferocious expectation of tile .'-inguinal'}' oigy whioh awaited. Thc other threo were half-bloods. Five of them wil l ied guns the tixLli a pistol. Again Bon- shaw had done tho very best thing hu could, in shiping the plau wc lui ve heard him lay doun. On they emin-. Once the lender raised his hand, and uti t tupped, listening intently. Tho wild clamour nf the dogs still arose in thc distance. Kcasi- ured, the scoundrels advanced, swiftly, noisc'essly. Seventy-sixty-fifty forty yards. "Heady Marilin ! Taite the third fellow Nuw !" Crash ! Crash ! The do'ihle report bellowed forth into the mid.light stillness. Mingling with it came a horrid scream. Marion's aim had beon true anil deadly. The leader of the gang, a stal- wart Kiitir-had made one leap into the air und hud fallen forward on his face. He ley motionless. Airain Benslinw drew the trigger, bringing a third manto thc grass, bis kucc ' bone shattered. Then tho unexpected took place. Instead of seeking safety in headlong flight, as the i defenders had reckoned, the surviving threo rushod madly round to the othor side of tho hon se, a ballet from Renshsw's six-shooter failing to stop them. "Stay here, Marian," whispered the latter hurriedly. "Draw on thc first fellow who shows himself." And in a'trice he was round to meet the new attack. What was this? No sign of the enemy. Had they Bcd ? Suddenly a crash of glass-a ec»ffie and a torrent of Hutch curses ' Qhlckly thc position stood revea h il. There stood Gomfiina, holding on tn a human figure which was half in and half out of the window-head and shoulders through tile «bittere ; Bush. He had got the fellow firmly by thc tieck with one hand, while with the other he was striving all he knew to drag him in by hts clothing. But the villain-.1 stalwart half-breed-wa? almost ton much for the sturdy young Ku fir. The hitter would have assogaied him iu a moment had he owned three hands. Huviug but two, however, and these two being required to hold on to his enemy, it was ont of thc question-but hold on he did. "8tnp struggling or I'll shoot you dead 1" said Renshaw, in Dutch, placing the murale of his pistol against thc man's h dy. The fellow, thoroughly cowed, obeyed, and Gnm fana, with a final eifert, hauled him bodily into the room timid a terrific shutter of falling gloss. " What on earth's thc row, Uncle Ren- shaw V cried u boy's-voice. "trôd, cut an ay and find 1 reim." (Rope is little need in South Africa, its place bring supplied by rawhide thongs t-rmeil as above). "Sharp's the word- mind." lu a twinkling the youngster was back with the required article, abd.almost as quickly Rcushuw's ready lund had nt rapped up thc midnight robber so that'the lutter could not move a limb. Now all tliis had happened in fur less time than it bas token to uatrate. But there were still two of the scoundrels uuaucoiinied tor. That they b»d not fled Rcushaw was certain. And now the dugs, hearing the firing aud shouting, and judging i he bulk of the fun lay in ih»t direction, abandoned their mysterious quarry and came .earing up open-mouthed. Then the secret stood explained. Tbe .remaining two were crouching beneath some rockwork at one conter of the verandah, presumably following 1 the tautics of thc large veldt- spider, who when suddenly surprised is opt to run straight in upon the intruder, jadgtng, rightly iu the ?nain, that iu that position, the latter will not be able to crush him. "Throw down your arms or you are-dead menT' cried Renshaw, covering the pair with bis barrels. Thc fellows, who hud jost emptied their guus-with small effect however-among the suarltng, leaping, savage pack which had at nnoeassiiled them, dui not hesitate amomeut. They were the least desleíale of the gang, an 1 -thc fearful execution done among their comrades Iud slruok wholesome terror into themselves. Bugging .piteously for mercy, -they shambled forth and submitted to being duly «ecured. ¡ 1 Ne sooner was . this effoctsd than a sharp .report run^g out in (the room where Marian had been posted. Promptly gaining the spot, Renshaw. found that die shot had not been ¡fired by her, but by small Basil Selwood. " Why, what are yob ' blazing at, Basil ? Those chaps ore safely winged, if they're uot dead." 1 " Arc they ? That black chap was trying to «ut away on two bands and a leg, answered the youngster., "I thought I'd slop that. But 1 didn't bjt him," he added, candidly. *'I must go and see to ; them. You eud Fred must mount guard .over the prisoners, aud send Gonifanu to me." Accompanied by the young '.Kafir, ttcusbaw sallied forth. The dogs had already pounced upon the wounded Cushman, and iu another minute would have worried bim to death. Gameto the last, however, the ferocious ruffian hod fired among them, -killing one, and but for the fact that his gun was empty would have fired upon the human rescuers. ? Investigation showed that be was badly wounded in both les«, notwithstanding winup, well koowiug the desperate hardihood of the raw, Reuahiw deemed it necessary to bind his banda. The adler woum'ed man, a Kafir, had also a broken leg. He, however, realising how thoroughly the odds were against him, submitted sullenly to the inevitable. Thc sixth and lost, ho who had led thc gang, was atone dead, shot through the heart. Renshaw ¿urned thc body over. Thc empty eye-socket and the brutal pock- marked features seemed distorted iu a Lend-like leer beneath the mooidight. Iten slutw had no difficulty in recognisiug the dncription of the Kafir, Muntiwa. Meanwhile, how hod thc non-eoiubaUiits been faring? M rc Selwood, having unwed herself with a double gun, had retired to her children's room, resolved that her nost was there. She had taken Violet with her, aud thc latter had fillcu into n, fit of terror that was simply uncontrollable. The crash of thc firearms, the dread lull intervening, the subdued unxiouB voices' of the defenders, the terrible suspense, had all been too much fur her; nor could the reassurances of ber hostess, or even the example of pluck shows by thc child, Effie, avail to allay ber fears ; finally she went off into a dead swoon. As for thc two youngsters. Fred and Basil, thc prevailing idea in their minds was one of unqualified disgust at not having been allowed to take part in thc fight from the very beginning. - ' " Why didn't you call'tis, 'Uncle Renshaw ?" WBB their continual cry: " We'd have knocked fits out of those sch elms. (Rascals). Wouldn't we just?" " You bloodthirsty young ruffians I You have plenty of time before.you for that sort of thing, and you'll have the,plenty of oppor- tunities for getting and giving hard kuocks by the time you get to my agc," he would reply good hutnouredly. But the youngsters Only shook their heads with expressions of the most intense disappointment! and disgust. Not much sleep for the household during tho remainder of that night. Renshaw found his time and his vigilance fully occupied in attending to the security of his prison"rs, and doing what he could for the wounded. Thc fellows, for their part, werodisposed to.icoqit the inevitable, and make the best of 1 lie situation. They were bound tn be hanged, anyhow. tli-ie.çh in hin necrcr. heart each mun hoped that his" life might bu spared. Mean- while, It was belter to enjoy good rations than bad ones, and in that end it «as as well U> conciliate the " B ian ;" and Renshaw had no difficulty, accordingly, in getting at the story of the attack. Of course, each swore he was not thc ins- tigator ; of course, each laid thc blame on the dead man, Munliwa. Ile WUK the prime mover in the cuteriiri. c. He had a grudge against thc " ' na* " who lived there, and us tiley all stood and fell together they had been oblige 1 tn help him in his scheme of plunder. Of course, too, each 11 ul all «ore ready to swear lh.it plunder was their only object. They would not have hal med anybody, not they; no, not for all thc world. 'Hms toe three half-breeds. But Boni, the Kafir, volunteered 110 statement whatever, and Kialla Baartman, the Bushman Hotten to!, savagely declared that he had intended to cut the throat of every woman and child on the place. Tho seventh of tho gaug, who was still ut large, having no firearms had been posted under the willows to draw off thc dog«-even as Renshaw had conjectured. ' Asked whether they knew the baas of thc place was absent, they replied that one of them had been watching and had seen unmis- takable signs that this WUB the case. The rest of the pang had watched thc main read, and when Renshaw had passed they I.ail intended to let him go by unmolested, so as to render more com plelc their projected surpi ¡1.0, »nd would have, but for thc indiscretion of one of their number-of course thc man who had not boen captured. In tho inorniug. opportunely enough, a jiosso of Mounted Police arrived-a Bergeant and three troopers. They had been patrolling tho mountains on the look out for this very gang, and had fallen in with some natives I who declared they had heard distant firing iu ' the direction of Sunningdale. Thither there- fore they had ridden with all poaaiblc speed. "Well, Hr. Fanning-I wish I hud'had your luck -that's all,"sald thc sergeaht^whTW doing soldier's justice:to the succulent breaV* fast eel before them. " You've captured tbet whole gang, single-handed, ail burpne, Jhaf is, and we are sure to have him boon. , ' . "I wish you had, sergeant, if it would hurry on your sub- inspectnrshipi"'sal|d'Rei shaw, heartily-" But 1 wüst tuke.eiei'.ptlon^ to your word 'singlehanded,' 1 don't.(u-aiv what I should have done, without ilise deli wood. " 1 ' i ;.' * Whereat the sergeant, who ,lik>' Vliatfy, another mun serving in tho Mounted Polios,: was a gentleman by birth, and who'MinrenWer had been casting many an admiring, glauco; at¡ Marian, turned to thc latter with the njoft gracefully worded compliment he could/ muster. But Marian herself «ai soipbwfaajtt " unresponsive. She oonld shoot people',,tf OTtfj to it, but her preferences were ll lue-oilier, way. As it was she Was heartily t hankful aile had not killed the man, ami that hi? wounds' were not mortal. .', '> \\\ ' "I'm afraid he'll only recover.for.Jeeb Ketch, then, Miss Belwood," - rejolnl-d the1 sergeant. "They're all bnnktil. Jor 'tV, 'drop,' to a dead certainly for that «ijlier affair. What T Hadn't you beard ol' it ?" And then oainc out.-thestory of thc whole- sale butchery in which these iniseiémit» had . beau concerned. There 'was' no MiitBculry1 whatever as to proving their identity. ; TJjV Government rifles-stolen, from llie Convict! guards wheo these were overpowered, spoke for ibeinselves. And, with the horror^ I he recital vanished the reactionary glow ,'iif pity, which had hogun to agitate the feminise breast on behalf of the prisoners, Hanr¿¡ujjf « as too good for such a set of fiends. Breakfast over, the police troopers sec oat with their prisoners, handcuffed, slid"t^c'ira1 well secured with r-iias ; for thc I mali bol'dgr-, ing the road was thick, es we hâve seen,.and the men in desper.ite case. The two wounded!* raffia' s were left behind until ¿ucii tîniè as( . they should ho in a condition .to trovcl-io recover, as thc police sergeant had truiyipofci it, for Jaok Kelch ; and the deed body of M- ntiwa was takeu to a distance, and built up in a kind of impromptu morgue rf stones . to protect it against wi d animals anil carrion birds. For the District Surgeon would liave . to make a povl-inortein, and a report, >as by law required ; a duty which that fnnctiionary might, or might not, hurry himself to fulfil. We may as well anticipate a few months, and finally dismiss the surviving si-uunilreli, from our narrative. The wounded one«,', being/' sufficiently convalescent, the whole ' lot-for-, the man who escaped at Sunningdale) was, eventually taken-were put upon their .trial: for the murder of the Hottentot family. ' Two were acceptod as Queen's evidence, ,aud lh,eir testimony, ss confirmed by themurüered maufe dying deposition, established that Miiiitiwa: and Klaas Buai tir.au, thcBushlnun Holte 'o',1 wore the principal actors in the dulióltcal' business-though there . was not,milch differ- ence iu degree between the guilt of any of jthein, except that Bool," the other Kafir, had .endeavoured strenuously tb'dissnune his fellow scoundrels from the murder of the woman sad children. Accordingly, tbetwei Oien.ulho'hadj saved their lives by turning jQueen'ç evidence, | were put back to take their trial for escaping, from durance, and further acts f robbery committed or attempted, Mhcluuinfe -'Ithelr' attack upon Sunningdale j while the rerimliilng I four were sentenced' to deatli. > vutilehf sentence was carried «ut in the town'of 'the ' district wherein the murder hud takes .niobe/-' and the cut-throats .were..duly hagged-alfi except the Kafir, Booi, that'ia, who-'being'' recommended to.mercy ,on the consideration ' above given, bis capital sentence >wat dom-' muted to one of hard labour for life.. I . i i' ÍT.oU*omt¡uwd.i 'i 'a '. .I .-'. . ?' , i i - ii /ni r I :li.i A PERFECT ÏOOD. - T>é Medical |Ws and n the faculty; pronounce Csdbury's.Coooa ,e.bsf lutely .pure and,of the kiguoBt^qnaJity, fra*>¡ from added starch, or «agar, asd,ioomfurtinj-,-i strengthening, .and ¡ npurish^g. lac. Qld.Andii yoong, robust and feeble.-, ' - , ;,.| ?,,," i "ll H I 