THE MISSING- COAT. My name is Frederick Putnam. I have been the last 10 years foreman and bookkeeper of tho lumbering establish ment of William Winston & Co. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and man ager of the business. The other mem- bers of the firm live m the city and at tend to the sales of lumber which we send to them by vessel. One cold evening as I was preparing for home I beard footsteps outside, and presently a tall, stout, well dressed man with a small traveling bag in one hand and a shawl over his arm entered the office. I was alone. I had already put on my overcoat and was turning down the light. "Good evening," said tho man, walk ing up to the stove and kicking the damp er open with his foot. "Has Winston gone to the house?" I answered that he had. "Whewl I was afraid of it." He drew out Ids watch. "I shall not have time to go up," he said. "The train is due in 15 minutes." "Is there anything I can do?" I asked. "I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a dis patch that calls me home." "What naxne, sir?" "Anderson of Andersonville." I knew him then, though I had seen him but once before. He had been one of our best western customers. I say had been for the reason that during the last year his payments had not been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Mr. Winston had that very day told me to write to him and "punch him up a little," as he expressed it. The letter was then in the breast pocket of my overcoat. "You can leave tho money with me, Blr; I will give you a receipt," I said. He seemed to hesitate, which nettled me. I never blamed anybody since however. "How much is my bill?" he asked, ey ing mo ohorply. "Eleven thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars and twenty-throe cents," I answered promptly, for I had struok the balance not more than half an hoar be fore. -"Humph! Less than I supposed. Write me out a receipt for that amount." He left the stove and came and looked over my shoulder while I wrote. ' "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time. I can tell your signature any where." He drew from an inside pocket a wal let and counting out 11 piles of bank notes he told me to count them. It was a short and easy task, for each pile con tained just 100 bills. The balance was in fives and twenties. At this moment wo heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprang for his traveling bag, and giving me a hasty handshake was off. I closed the door and counted tho money again. Finding it right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it and slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel easy to have so much money about mo, but as Mr. Win ston's house was at least a mile distant 1 concluded to keep it until morning, when 1 could deposit it in the bank. I drew on my gloves, took the office key from the nail over the door and walked over to extinguish the light. As I did so I saw on the floor the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. He had dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my pocket and thought no more about it, only that 1 would mail it to him. I would have done It then, but as the last mail for that day had gone on the train which took Mr. Anderson I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for I had an appointment with a young wom an whom I hoped would be my wife be fore many months. I hastened to my boarding house, ate my supper, and then went over to the home of my intended hride, wearing the qoat with the money in it,, as I did not fool otUJjr about i —V r«om, Carrie was at home, and leaving my coat 9nd hat in the hall, I went into the par lor. At 10 o'clock when I prepared to leave, Carrie went into the hall for my poat and hat that I might put them on by the fire, but she came back with only my hat. "Why, Fred," she exclaimed, "you certainly did not venture out such a night as thiB without an overcoat?" "No coatl" 1 cried in a dazed way, for the thought of the money flashed upon me so suddenly that it almost stunned me. The next moment I tore past her like a madman, as I was. The coat was gonel Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the- steir rail and caught it just in time to support myself. Carrie came running out, her face pale with alarm. 'Oh, Fred, are you ill? Let ine call -mother and the doctorl You are. as white as a sheet." /"No, no, Carriel"! entreated. '.'There, I am better now." „ And I was better. I was strong all at once— desperately strong. And what brought about this change? That simple receipt which I had in my pocket.; An derson hod nothing to show that tho money had been paid, and ; was not my unaided' word as good as his? I -was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and quite easy at once. "Iffiere, Carrie," I said quietly," "I am' much better now. The room was : too warm, I guess. So some sneaking thief has dodged in and stolen my coat?. Well,; let it go. It was an old one, and now I'll hOTe a better one." r. . : "But you must not go/bhfAvithout an overcoat," the dear' girl - answered, "and If you will Wait justu moment I will get you one of father's coats to wear home." She did so, and I started for home. You may guess that my slumber that night was not sound nor refreshing. I never passed a more miserable night. / "Why, Fred, you look as though you met a legion of ghosts last night," said Mr. Winston as he came into the office the next morning. "What is the mat ter?" "I did not sleep well," I answered, With a smile. . "By the way," continued my employ er, "did you write to Anderson as I re quested?" I do not know how I managed to re-, ply, for tho question set . me shivering from head to foot, and I was so weak that I could scarcely sit in my chair. 1 must have answered in the- affirmative, however, for he said: :. "Then we may look for something' from: him tomorrow or next day." Im mediately afterward he added: "Why, FredyouishijMiitouj ague, rind yoriSre sweating like afbntch-1 erl You're ili, mail! .Come, jump into my trap, rind I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and on reaching home I locked myself in. Ah, those were terrible hours I passed, and night brought no relief. Can you guess what I was meditating? Cow ard that I was, I had resolved on self de struction. I hegan my preparation with the same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. I wrote a short explana tion to Carrie, another for Air. Winston, a third for - my mother. In a fourth en velope I inclosed the receipt to Air. An derson. All this accomplished, I went to my wardrobe and took out my re volver. Having examined the cartridges to make sure there would be no failure; I sat down before the fire and placed the pistol against my forehead. In another second I should have been lifeless, but just as my finger began to press the trig ger there was a tap on my door. It startled me, and easily concealing my ( weapon I called out that I could admit no one. "Not me, Fred?" I knew Carrie's voice, and a yearning to look once again into her loved face mastered me. Quietly slipping the tell tale letters which I had left on the tahle into my pocket, I opened the door. "Oh, Fred, j-ou are really ill!" ex claimed Carrie tho moment the light fell on my face. "Why did you not send for me? Aren't you better?" "Worse," I answered huskily. "But, Carrie — good heavens I" As I uttered this exclamation I started back and then forward, for hanging across Carrie's arm was my overcoat. Recovering from my astonishment, I drew from the pocket $11,750.23. You have heard about the singular capers of a madman or the wild antics of those crazed with ram, but judging from what Carrie told me and from the ' appearance of my apartment after it was over I am led to believe that I was far more grotesque. Then I asked for an explanation. It was tho simplest thing imaginable. J do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Car rie's father. He had mistaken my coat for his own and had worn it down town, never thinking that a fortune was lying in the pocket. I sent Air. Anderson his re ceipt, handed the money to Air. Winston and went on with my duties a -wiser and, I hope, a better man. — Thomas G. Alitch- ell in Drake's Magazine. 