ORIGINAL NOVEL (Ar.r. Bioins Eeseeved.) .,.,. CURLEW, '. ? '' —OB — In Bap (Bone 'By. — o— ''' BY HAE01D BBfeES Author of « COLONIAL SOCIETY ' ' EU EAL NOTES,' &o.; CHAPTER VI. (Cootihotd.) Reflecting 03 ho rodo in what manner ho hud better commence, ho thought of tho blacks, and the assistance a traoker would bo to him if ho could only got ono to return with him to mount Maccdon. . ? .The plan was decided upon very quiokly , ho could not havo a much bottor follow thai. Bum Bora; thcrotoro, ho would endeavour to coax him away, and locato him EOtnd whero near the cavo. ' Very good Ben,1 Brown replied. ' You iuko tho missus with you, and I'll moot you with Bora Bora, at any pluco you namo.' ' I guess wo shall bo threo ? ay» going to : Melbourne,' mid Curlew. lI will try to nicot you on tho covou-h day at tho ant hills, below tho falls, yon know tho jlaco. I may ounip thoro ; and bring Hcotor with you ' 1 1 know tho tilncc,' Brown said; 'just u day's ndo^frornhcro ; bring como grog with you; flu 1'itia very short of it juit now.' 'Thou to-morrow I start,' Curlow eaid. ' Wo'll strike on early camj). Thus tho two men convereed about them . solves during tho remainder or their rido homowards. .. : Arriving at tho cottago, tho lady was . ??' perceived amidst tho springing {lowers. .Brown waa not addicted to rununuting on . ??? how things happened, but novr wondered, . how singular it was that tho lrniy over . mnrrifid Ouriow. There was a mystery, ho ? must find it out, though perhaps not immediately. How could uho livo hero, isolated and removed from her friends P Ono who apparently hud never beforo known the rough lifo1 of a bubh resident. Thero wis nothing, secret iu her mr.uuer. Ho had known Etidolpk Evcnird for years, .and tho only man who know that Rudolph and Curlew were thoeamo person. ^Early tho following morning, oven boforo tho sun had riseu cveryono wns busy, feeding horses, and arranging parcels on a pack saddle. Tho fire was stirred, and a warp oup of tea with a templing breakfast awaited tho workers. . Mrs. Everard appeared in tho beat spirits, freely talking with tho blaidrfcllowu, who had. been faithful terrant.-i to her. Sko walked round tho cottage, ao bIio saM, to 1 havo a last look at tho ueur old placo, uml gather a few flowers, by which timo tho . . others would bo icady for a start. . Curlow. assisted hia vrifo into tho caddlo, ' . . . and mounted another, horse himself, while Brown gavo directions, to tho inen, uud then roduawuy leading a packliorse. They roi?o for several hours, .when tho sun's rays denoted timo for a rest, and tb.. '. .- ? party were feeling the effects of tho rido in . au increasing nppotito. It waa deoided to dismount to havo lunch. Tho horsea ,wcro tothercd to trees to insure their buing caught when wanted. ' '. ... Tho party finihvd their meal, and pro pared to coutinuo tho journoy ; Curlow now led tho pack horso, and Brown said 'Good bye,' tiding back iu tho direction of tho ': COttagO. ....::' . . ? *????; CHAPTER VIL . ??;.?'''?'.'; A Black TniCKnc. .'-By i0TCi' Curlow, wo thonght you had given us brasher ; it'a ovor a month you've '.:. been away ; I supposo you had a pretty good timo of it, for I seo. you'vo a now rijj out, Douglass said, with a laugh, as thoy wero sitting at dinner in tho cavo. Cutlow returned tho previous evening, but had not. met Dough? «j until dinnor timo 'Yes, Bill,' ho replied, ' I havo boon doing tho dandy and no mistako; it waa o-rou'h timo dogging my way into Melbourne). °I ; heard enough about tho gang, to owing tho lot of us ; but there, a lot of business was ?:? placed .to our credit that wo nover handled ' .Warren and tho other mca joined in tho conversation, and tho party commenced to fill pipes and settle down, somo of tho men lying down, whilo otheni mended harness or did other jobs connected vath eamp lifo. ...-.- ? 'Oh! I am fly,' Curlor/. aid. ; 'Thero'a nono on tbia tido will over run mo to a hollow log; why, I was with cho troopers; blamo them, they littlo knew whut bud was peeking ? at their very vitala.' ' How about tho long sergeant f Douglasa asked, 'our old friend, I forgot hia namo; ho (liiuk* to yard all of us ; my word, when, eh! Tom P '... . 'You iBean'Sorgoant Pagan? No, I did . aot sea him ; ho's running down ghosts from tho Burnt yards. By tho huokoy, that wus a red letter day ; wo won't forget it either. How tho pop guns g-.we lip, and didn't tho ? chinkios stump upP Yes, my word, and down too, noyor. to rifio again! V, ' Poor ?wretches f It was a mean trick for usto' do/.Douglsss said. -It stands as tho blackest spot on oar history. Ho pater nosters can over wash it away. Wo wotj then pioaninny oolta, but my' word, .: TraEa't it o great haul t' ???':-? .. ' '. :.' ' j I of ten think Pagan know moro about ua than ho protended. Ho'o not a bad r.ort; why, don't you romombor that ho epottod us at Murphy'aP' Warren Baid. . * And did'nt ho got niooly bluffed,' Onxlow remarkod, ' whon Murphy put him away P' I 1 can't mako oat wfiat you' to boon doing-,' Douglass oald. ' You'ro no duccod cunning, Cnrlow, you hop about so, my word, liho yonr namesako.' 1 By jingo; I did havo to hop about, protty quirk tod Bomotimes,' Curlow said. 'Whon once 1 am on tho track, I can trundlo away. I wont to boo an old par, ? nnd with him TJont to Goolong and Mclbonrno ; had a fluttor jound, ,nlwayB kooping a looK out on tho; off eido, and all round too, until wo bottomed a shicor. Tho toivn wouldn't hold no, col just got Heotor under mo; andhoro I am', ready to conquer or fly ; but Gomothinjr must bo douo soon.' ' An to doing something,' Douglass re joined, 'wo shall bo in tho thick of it dirootly. I hoard yesterday that a heavy mob nro going down in tho mail with oovoral thousands, and it*B my intention to find out which day thov start.' ' I supp030 noithor of you follows would caro to coma ovor to Murphy's this after noon,' Curlow enquired. * If you wish to go,' Douglass said, ' mk ubout any nows from tho diggings ' Ourlow had risen taking a bridlo in bin hand and ho nont to tk6 flat for hia hbrco. ' I shall bo back to night, if nothing dutains mo ' ho naid, r.ftcr bo had mounted. ' When ivill you bo at Murphy's Bill P' ' It ull doponds upon tho noroi you bring ' DoughiBS said. ? I won't, lcavo boro boforo you return.' ' 'Well, bo long, mates,' was Curlow'o fnrowoll, as ho diciippeared hi tho eorub. IIo rodo along until ho struck tho main road. Intending to proceed towards tho Fivo Milo Creek ho turned through tho bush, taking o direct oourco to tho ranges of Mount Macodon that . appeared to bo a confused mass of impcnotrablo ranges. Curlow had ridden for a couplo of bourn, moit of the timo ntn etookmau'o crack gallop, leaping crooks, f allon trunlis of trees, and every ob3taclo in his couroo, nolhing ohecking tho ppood of his horso, or shaking tho nerves of tho wary bushranger. But at last ho was compolled to easo down tho paco, nnd go slow; tho spurs woro bo coming rather too stoop for fast work, nnd Curlnw wa3 afraid or overtaxing tho powers cf his fuvorito Heotor. Ko coon turned into a bolt of thiok ti trco corub, eo clooely pnoked, as to proyent tho frco move ments of hia horso. Still riding onwards for a short diatanco ho arrived at a part ' of tho rann;o having an overhanging roclr, v/hnro ho pulled up. Under tho rock, Bora Bora nnd a lubra woro standing. 'Budgeroy, you master Rudolph,' tho blaoli fellow said. 'Plenty patter you feller, aloncc a big feller mate.' ' Hallo, Bora Bora, and you Eowani ; how thintrs ? plenty tucker P' Ciirlon- caid. ' Sly word, master Rudolph,' ho answered, 1 plenty poEsum 'bout, plonty water, but mo got no baoca for Eowani.' 'That's all right, Bora Bora,' Curlow answered ; ' hero's bacca, and a tot of rum as well/ taking a flask from his pocket and a fow plugs of tobacco. Curlow divided tho latter botweon tho blnckfoUo-.v and his lubra, and taking a pannikin from boforo tho Cro poured out a nobler from tbo flask, whioh ho drank ; then giving ouch of tho blaoks a nobler, which thoy swallowed at a draught. Fastening tho bridle to a sivplintr, ho bont under tho rock that formed a snucr cr.vo reaching back eomo distance JTho blaolm followed him, and all sat down, tho former cutting tho tobacco for a smoira. Whon Bora Bora had lighted his pipo, Cnrlow thought it a mo3t opportuno timo to make iucniiriea how tho blaoks had been occupied during tho last week, and bIbo to ascertain if thoy had oboyed his instructions. ' Well, Bora Bora,' ho' uuid, ' you bin up lon(? road ? up long, mo tell you.' .'Yes, Master Endolph,' thoblaok roplied. Mo git 'im long road, too lato in day ; mo goo yarraman trades ; mo try track to ceo where go, you yabba mo.' ' Yon try 'em utrango trccka,' Curlow said. . ' Mo plenty mako haste, plonty big walk ; gin and Bora Bora camp down ; gin got 'im bandicoot: .nest day get along on yarraman tracks, by 'im by, Kowr.ni Gmell 'im.' 'What,' Curlow caid, 'dead men, eh BoraP' ? . 1 My word Master Eudolph ; Eoweni pull 'im bout branchc.1) ; go.buug bont gully ; by 'im by, mo difr with paddy melon ntick, an my word snro enough whito feller go bung — lonjr a blanket*.' This wp.s eaid by Bora Bora, vnth a great amount of -gesticulation, grimacca and mimicry. Eov/nni joining in to brplcin tho words to hernpouca. r 'By jnvo, a murder, I'll bDt,' Curlow anid.. ' How many whito follerP' Tho black, .fellow coimtcd threo on hb CngciB. ' Ball, lullah nullah ; plonty picaninny bullet, lonir 'ira biucy,' ho said. ' Good heavens,' Curlow bxclaimed, ' threo men shot in tho body ; how far away from thiso-mpp' Bora Bora pointing in tho direction of tho pkco, explained that it v;cs about ono day's walk. Many enquiries produced further infor mation, when ho corn-Herod it war timo for him to return to tho bushrangers* cavo, agreeing to bo again with tho blacks in a fow days, when ho would go with them to tho pkco. Mouutng his horeo, ho rodo quiokly through tbo scrub, and then llo-ff down tho gullieu to tho flat land. Still kenping at a hard gallop ho arrived at tho road, which took him to tho Five Milo CrcoU, nrriving i-t Murphy's beforo -lnrk. . Curlew purvnycd tho approaoh to tho hotel beforo he entered, lest tho troonora ubould bo .hovering about. Ho heard from Murphy that i;omo luokoy ?liffgern at Forest Crcolr, intended giving a dinner to their friends, prior to proceo-ling to Melbourne, but which would not tako place for a fow days. It was reported that tho diggers would tako tho coach, and moat probably carry a largo sum of gold with them, thinlun™ that tho buohrauKeru bed gono from tiio dictriot. Curlow, during tho ovoning could not keep hia thoughts from dwelling upoa tho story told by Bora Bora. Ho wondered who did it ; could it bn tho aotion of any of tho cangf Certainly, ho never hesrd of tho affair ; neither had ho tho slightest notion aa to who committed tho unt. After carefully considering tho word3 of tLo blaokf allow ho felt ho mast for tho present exonerate hi3 matea. But then, who had committed tho deed ; and, for what purposo, and how long ago Theso queries must bo answered. ?When Curlow parted company with Bora Bora, au arrangoinont was ngroed upon to meet him on a cortain date, whioh W03 oub ccqucntly fuljUled. Curlow arrived with hia wif o in Mclbourno ; after seeing her comfortably Bottled ho lef her suiUcient mon'oy to mc:t ? ospencea for' covcra! months, and again returned to tho bueh. Ho met Brown and Bom Bora at tho ant hills. Ho diumounted at tho rendezvous camp about an our beforo tho sun hafl coti giving amplo timo to build a mi- mi, and gather up tho wood fcr a firo daring tho night. Uphn tho following day, tlio sun had risen abovo tho topmost folingo of tho mujcatio bkok butt trees, when Ourlow s patienco bc^an to bo exbaiistoJ ; ho turnod to look in tho direotion of his cottage homo, having fancied that ho heard tho distant sound of approaohing horses descending tho mountain sido. (to db ooawmiED.) 