Town .Talk. That it is gratifying to hear ci the progress of the Mlonmouth Co- operative group. That it is ditto to hear of their tea total -prineiplee. That the social tendered to the Rev. A. Horsn is said to have beer a capital one. That the "T.T." man would have liked to hear that quintette " Five Little Monmounth -Girls." That although he did not hear it. hie is pro pared to swear that it was very fetching, and there are a good many [psaich people who would have gladly listened to it. That the' mysterioas otone.throeing" down Saouth is the talk of Australia, not to say of the world. That this continent has no haunted grange nor ruined abbey apectres, and, just as it was trying In get up a decent ghost racket of ito own, the said racket gets the bottom knocked ·out of it. That it is evident that we shall have to import a few spectree, turn them loose, and Sawait events, for no self-respecting country would he without a ghost, or at least a wraith or a couple of banshees. That at present the only thing local talent -can produce is the Icunyip. That it retires doen- s own throat so often, and is altopether so dashed retiring in disposi tion, that it doeesn't count for much. That the local Cabisoct have decided on pan sing a very comprehensive bill to deal with the isfuex of aliens. That they propose that "no Asiatic or African alien, not being the child of pure European or American extraction, shall land within the boundaries of the colony." That the GCovernment certainly mean bit, judging from the habove. That the " T.T." man is, however, a bit puzzled re the clauee just quoted. That he cannot quite understandc how any Asiatic or African alien could possibly be "the child of parents of pure huropean or American extraction. That of course there nmasy be suchl a breed, but the "T.T." man has not seen any specimenae up to date That Jack (our only Jack, of course) has been giving the colony a little information. That, in other words, he has been intro ducing Queensland to itself. That Jack is as good a man in his way as Wragge is in his, and he cau layhis hand on a mountain and say, Here was once a sea, or This sea was once a barren plain, with an case and unerring certainty that make the common everyday man sick with envy and admiration. That the news about the flow of the Bris bane River is a revelation. That there have evidently ibeen as many changes in our geological life as there hlave been in the Govenrment of Brazil. That, nevertleless, the people will believe every word that Jack says habout plains, mountains, rivers, seas, &c.; That, on the other hand, when hie sees visions of the Ipswicil coal-fields and thie ore smelting there, and the manufactures and tile electric cables, tihe T.T. man is inclined to say "Wish I could live to see it, old man !" That, still, it may come, for if there is any place in Queensland that is fitted--say, das. tined--to be a big mnanufacturing centre, it is serely Ipswicli. That in view, however, of several disturbing elements (amongst them, one womsan ten votes), it is thought by most people tlhat Jack's picture will not be finished during tihe next five years. That it is also believed by many that tihe "State chookie" will have become an actual fact before the geologist's dream haIns been realised. That all growers of fodder produce and case fruit should paste in theh' hats the Quoeensland Times' last report on the Brisbnae markets. That some plain talk was indulged in re the lack of unionamougst farnners, with the object of regulating prices. oThat of course there is a little difficulty about it, because every fanimer wishels to realise as soon as, and with as much, advantage as pMoaible. That it is admitted that lwhen A, B, and C are sending small parcels down it is a bit rough that D should "lay the wood on" by dispatching every grain that Ie lhas got. That, nevertheless, an effort to regulate the market would be successful, to soime extent at least, by eyevy cnum sendhlg only small lots at a timne. That it is undeniable that many of the local producers are also very careless in preparing Sstuff for market; as are not a few of the fruit growers. That they should do everything they can to make their warces saleable. That a good standard shlould be set up and -maintai.ed : There's the trouble. That, as it is now, tlhere is frequently no at tempt to effect neatness and uniformity. That it is astonishling Icow these trwo tlhings help to sell articles. That a farmer when hie is in town will very rationa?lly, under ordinary circumtatces, bruy at tihe shop that is cleanest lookiig and at which the goods are imost attractively dis played. That this should shlow him tlhat, as Ihe be longs to the hiuman famnily, there are a great many people like him who take the same ciee of his produce and fruit. That le should require no furthler pointer as to what to do. Thiat it appears that the oanakas are begin ning to fancy thenmselves as being white men. That one of tlhem up Towcsvill9 way is said to luxuriate in the name of Wallace. That it is evident the nig. wants to be re garded as a Scotchman. That it is not known whether or not hie tries to keep up with the proccssion by also coh ansuming Buchnanan's whisky and being tlhe proud possessor of a boxfull of " snceshan." That, before long, hIe may also advance to the dignity of wearing a dagger in his garter and a Glengarry and a kilt. That tlhen he will cane only one more1 step to take to make him a full-dedged "brither Scot," and that is, thie assiimilation of a dish of haggis. That by-and-bye we may hear of kanakas named Baden-Powell (Ii'onouneid Iahi-den Pool, mind you!) and Cholmlndeley (Chumley, no less) De ,ersey Grut Vere De Vere, and so on-and perhaps even Hoolan ! That the ladies are now going the total pii at M?aryborough, where they have a Court of Foresters all to themselves. That they will now probably assert thleir eight to the possession of latch-keys and to the recreation known as "lodge niglhts." That the Maryborough huslbands may no have the privilege of sitting up, on those in teresting occasioan, and, hlaving asiffed their wives' breath, watch to see if they go to bed with thldr bonnets on or carefully deposit their beoots under thelir pillows. 1 That for ways that are dark and tricks that are vain the heathen Chitnee is --o peculiar. That hIis white brother frequently seems to know his'way round quite as well That not loeng ago a wearied wayfarer put up at a wayside inn in a certini part of West Moreton. That as he professed to have very lad eye sight (if not to be actually bliind) hle was treated in a very clharitable manner. That after a while hlie cracked that hIe pos sesced Elrenological knowledge, and could "read umps" more quickly than Ie could read anything else on eatlh. That as the people about there were willing to help a fellow-mortal who was down on his luck, they took off their msoirce atiqcue bennete, and poermitted the wanderer to read their cranial protuberancesc, which hIe did-for a consideration. That having scooped a little pool, Ice retired to his room amidst many expressions of riegret by the company for Ihis affliction. s That in the morning early, or ere it was dawn, the bracing atmsosphlere or somnething else restored Ihis sight, for when breakfast time came h@ failed to stretch his legs under the hotel mahogany-in other words, he was not. That it is now believed that he suffered more from loss of memlory than from loss of sight, for he forgot to settle up before he left. That as a good deal of that sort of thing is happening just now, charitably-disposed peo ple lad letter 1e on their guard. 