THE SEE OF BATH AND WELLS. ENTHRONEMENT Of BISHOP KENN ION. London, November 2. [From a (Special Correspondent. J It Will, I am sure, interest many South Australians to hear from an eye- witness of the enthronement of their late Bishop to tbe See of Bath and Wells. Wells Cathedral, though one of tbe smallest, it one of the most beautiful Cathedrals in England. Ferguason eays that " externally its three well- proportioned towers group so graoefolly with the Chapterhouse, the remains of _ the vicar's close, and the mint of the Bishop's palace, and the tall trees with Which it is surrounded, that there is no iastanoe so characteristic of Kngiish art, nor au effect so pleating, produced with tbe same dimensions." I oaunot here go into minute details, as there are so many things worthy of note, the most prominent of these being the Chapter-house, tbe old Glastonbury clock, tbe Jesse window, and the inverted arches, whioh are built to support the centre tower, sad whioh appropriately form a St. Andrew's Gross in tbe navs, tne Cathedral having been dedicated to St. Andrew by Bishop Jooeline of Wolie in October, 1339. From the eastern aisle of the north transept the Chapter-house is approached by a fine old stone staircase, which is lighted from the west by two decorated windows. At the top of the stairs there are two arches, one leading to the Chapter-house, aad the other to the chain bridge, a oovered £ way to tbe vicar's close. The palace, which stands in beautiful grounds joining tbe Cathedral, is enclosed with a crenellated wall and a moat, and oan only be reached by the drawbridge. Tuesday, October o0, was a day of great excitement in tbe little city of Wells, when the enthronement of the new Bishop took plaoe. People oa&e; from far and wide to be present at the oeremon$, whioh I need hardly eay was a very solemn and imposing OB^S" At 2 p.m., in presenoe of an immense or6wd, including hundreds of notabilities, the prooession of the Gathedral body formed in the oentre of the nave in the following order;—Prebendaries, arohdeacons, oanons residentiary, and tbe Dean (Dr. J ex-Blake), -and waited at the west door to receive tbe Bishop, tbe procession from the palaoe inolnding the parochial olergy, rural deans. Chancellor of tbe Diooese, the Bishop's apparitor, and tbe Bishop's chaplain, carrying the pastoral staff, the Bishop himself being aocompanied by the Aruhbishop's representative, the Ven. Arohdeaooa of Canterbury (the Right Rev. G. R. Eden, D.D., Bishop of Dover). On reaching Penniler's Poroh this prooession was met by the Mayor and Corporation of Wells, tbe Mayor and Aldermen of Bath, the Mayors of the chief towns ia tbe Diocese, tbe priest- vioars, the vioars-choral, and tbe ohoristers. As they approaohed the Cathedral the choir sang tbe Te Denm laudamus" down to j the words The Comforter." As they entered the Gathedral by the great west door tbe singing ceased, and a voluntary was played on the organ. The Mayors, Corporations, and olergy proceeded up the nave, and took their seats in the oboir, the Archdeacon of Canterbury and the Chanoellor remaining behind with the priett- vioara, vicars-choral, and the choristers, who fell into their places next the prebendaries. The Bishop was received by the Dean and Chapter, and conducted by the Dean to the faldstool, where he knelt for a short time. in silent prayer, after which the ohoir resumed their singing at the words "Thouart tbe King,"moving slowly in the direction of the ohoir. When the Bishop and Dean reaohed Bishop But- With's Chantry the procession again halted, and tbe oath was administered by the Dean in the following manner:—Tbe Bishop and Dean being seated the Bi9bop addressed the Dean thus—"Ipfaythat I maybe duly induoted, installed, and enthroned into my Bishopric, and I offer myself as ready and willing to take any oath lawful and honest, and by law ana custom in that behalf used." To whioh the Dean replied—" We are willing that you be so induoted, installed, and enthroned, first requiring of you the oath lawful and customary to be tak4n on such occasion." Tbe Dean, holding tbe New Te&fe;&ment; in his right hand, administered the following oath :—"You, tbe Right Uev. Father in God, George Wyndham Kennion, D.D., elected and confirmed Bishop of Bath and Wells, and duly eonee crated, shall prothiee, as you shall answer the same to Almighty God, that you will in all things observe the rights, customs, and liberties of the Cathedral Church of Wells as a good pastor and spouse of tbe same according to your sacerdotal and episcopal promise." The Bishop then kissed the Testament, and said, " As I shall answer the same to Almighty God I do promise." The singing of the "Te Deum" Was then resumed, while the procession moved on into' the ohoir, the Bishop being conducted to the altar by the Archdeacon of Canterbury and the Dean. When the "Te Denm" was finished the Bishop turned to the congregation and said, "Brethren, pray for us." After we had knelt a ciiort time ia silcut prayer the Bishop was conducted by the Dean and the Archdeacon to the steps of thn throne, where he was enthroned by the Arcbdeacon, as follows:—"I George Rodney Eden, Doctor of Divinity, Archdeacon of Canterbury, do induot, install, and enthrone you, the Right Reverend Father in God, George Wyndham Kennion, Doctor of Divinity, in the stall, chair, and throne of the Bishoprio of Bath and Wells, in this Cathedral Church of Wells, with all its rights, dignities, honour, privileges, and appurtenances whatsoever, in the name of the Father, tbe Son, and tbe Holy Ghost." When the Arohdeaoon of Canterbury bad been oonducted to the altar and the Dean to his stall evensong began. The Psalms chosen were JNos. xx. and lxxxiv., ahd the lessons were Isaiah xxv. and St. John xxi., verses 15 to 22. The anthem, which was very beautifully ren dered, WOB Mendelssohn's " How lovely are the messengers." At the conclusion of evensong tbe Bishop gave the blesftitig. The Bishop and the Dean and Chapter, preceded by tbe members, of the choir ohanting Pialm exxi. then went Into the Chapter-house, the prebendaries taking their stalls, and the Dean conducting the Bishop to his Btall saying, " We assign and appoint unto you, tbe Bight Rev. George Wyndham Kennion, Lord Bishop of Batb and Wells, this stall in our Chapter-house, and do confirm you in all rights and privileges in our Chapter which by law and cuBtora appertain to your oiBoe." Then a short Latin service was said by the Dean, Canons and Prebendaries still remaining in their stalls. This being ended the Deati requested the Chapter Clerk to make a notarial act of all the proceedings. The choristers, followed by tbe vicars-choral and the priest-vicare, then descended tbe steps to the north transept singihg the hymn, " The Church's one foundation,"and the proceedings concluded with the prooession falling in in the same order as they entered tbe Cathedral at the commencement of tbe service and escorted the Bishop to the Palace, where the Mayor and Aldermen of Welte and the Mayor and civio authorities of Bath aud other cities were introduced to him by the Deau, and presented an address of welcome to him. In the oourse of his reply the Bishop said :— " I should indeed be thankful if while follow- ing humbly in the footsteps of the good and great; men I am able to maintain tbe happy relationship whioh existed between them and you. I warmly appreciate the referenoe you have made to my sojourn in one of England's great ooloniee. Th<*re the municipal officers are highly valued, and a warm interest taken in them by the inhabitants of all incoi-poratsd tonus. I hope that the happy relationship which existed between the Mayors and Corporation « in the tow^ in South Australia will be augury of the condition of things which may exist here." Later on various presentations mere made to Dr. Keunion, aud an address irom tho Wesleyan Methodists breath ing a spirit of friendship and goodwill. The Bifehop and Mrs. Kennion have already won the hearts of many of the residents of Wells, who are all disposed to help them in their uev? work, and I am quite sure that all who had the pleasure of knowing them in South Australia will join in wishing theia much happiness in their new home. 