Meditation on Marriage. My uncle had been hectic all day. I knew and dreaded what was coming, and said nothing tl by any chance- oonld lead up to it. He absent-mindedly tipped the emn six pence. Then we came to the wart-hog. " A bachelor," he said, meditatively, scratching the brute's back. I hastily felt for a saving topic in the apprehensive darkness of my mind, and could find none. 44 I expect I shall be married in October," said my uncle. Then sighing : " The idyl of my engagement was Bbort- lived." It was out. Now, the day — my last idle day with my poor uncle — was a hideous wreck. All the topics he had flattered round vanished, and cold and awfnl there loomed over ns the one great topic. 44 What do you think of marriage, George?" said my uncle, after a pause, prod ding the wart-hog suddenly. 44 That's your privilege," said I. " Mar ried men don't dare to think of it. Bigamy ?" 44 Privilege ! Is it such a headlong wreck of one's ideals as they say?" said my uncle. 44 Is that dreamland furniture really so un stable in nee?" 44 Of course,' said I, 44 it's different from what one expects. But it seems to be worse for the other party. At least to judge from the novels they engender in their agony." "So far as I can see," he proceeded, 44 what happens is very similar to a thing a scientific chap \ "expISt&iqg; to me the other /ftey J'"- Ttierkl arev some little beasfcg in the sea caCild' \asci- dians, and tHey as\ cheerful little tadpolefchjngs, wi£L waglinails and big expressiveey/Th.gymoyfreelyabont hither and dis- tances in an adventurous"'' wayTxhen what he called metamorphosis begins. The little tadpole waggles his way to a rock and fixes himself head downward. Then he under goes the oddest changes, becomes indeed a mere vegetative excrescence on the stone, secretes a lot of tongh mack round himself, and is altogether lost to free oceanic society. He loses the cheerful tail, loses most of his brain, loses his bright expressive eye." 44 The bother of it," said I, 44 is that very often the wandering expressive eye is not lost in the human metamorphosis." 44 Putting it in another way, one might say that the kind of story that Ovid is so fond of describing — the affairs of Daphne and Io, for instance — are fableB of the same thing : an interlude of sen timent and then a change into something new and domesticated, rooted, fixed and bounded in." 44 It is certainly always a settling down," said I. "I don't like this idea of settling down, George." He shuddered. 44 It must be a dreadful thing to go about with a house on your mind." 44 You get used to it. And, besides, yon don't go about so much." He gave the bachelor wart-hog a parting dig, and we walked slowly and silently through the zebra-house towards the ele phants. 44 Of course we do not intend to settle down," he said presently, with a clumsy effort to render his previous remarks imper sonal. 44 A marriage invalidates all promises," I explained. 44 The law recognises this in the case ot wills." 44 That's a new view," he said, evidently uncomfortable about something. 44 it follows from yonr doctrine of meta morphosis. A marries B. Then the great change begins. A gradually alters into a new fixed form — 0 — while B flattens and broadens oat as D. It is a different couple, and they cannot reasonably be held respon sible for the vagaries of A and B." 44 That ought to he better understood." 44 It would perhaps be as weU. Before marriage Edwin vows to devote his life t0 Angelina, and Angelina vows she will devote her life to Edwin. After marriage this leads to confusion if they continue to believe such promises. Marriage certainly has that odd effect on the memory. You remember Ange lina's promises and forget yonr own, and vice versa." 44 There is nothing more distressing than the ghost of a dead promise," said my uncle. 44 especially when it is raised in the house of your friends." We passed through the elephant-house in silence. 44 1 wonder what kind of man I shall be after the change, George. It's all a toss-up," he continued, after an interval. 44 1 have seen some men improved by it. You, for in stance. Yon were a , mere useless, in decent aspirant to genins before the thing came upon you. Now you are a re spectable journalist, and gracefnlly anxious to give satisfaction to yonr editor. But my own impression is that a man has to be a bit of an ass before he can be improved by marriage. Most men get so mercenary, and they simply work and go about doing nothing a rational creature should. They are like the male ants that shed their wings after the nuptial flight. And their wives go about talk ing fashion-articles, and calling them dear old stupids, and flirting over, teacups with the rmina.-ried men, or writing novelettes about the child-man, and living their own lives. Every intelligent woman now seems to want to live her own life when she is not engaged in taking the child-man out into society, nfl trying to wean him from alcohol and tobaoob. However, this scarcely applies to me." " Not now," I said. And he winced. 4 I wonder how it feels. Most men go into this without knowing of the change that hangs over them. But I am older. It would not be nice for a caterpillar if he knew he was going to rip up all along his back in a minute or so. Yet I could sympathise with such a caterpillar now. Shall we go to the insect -honse? 44 Anyhow, George, I hope the change will be complete. 1 would not like to undergo only a partial metamorphosis, and become a queer speckled monster all spotted with bachelor habits. Yet I sometimes think I am beyond the adolescent stage, and my habits rather deeply rooted. Hitherto I have always damned a little at braces, and collars, and things like that — I wish I knew where one could pick up a few admissible expletives. And I loaf about London all day, sometimes without any very clear idea of what I am after, telling chaps in stndios how to paint, and talking to leisurely barristers, and all that kind of thing." 44 She," I said, 44 will probably help you to conquer habits of that sort." Yes, I dare say she will," said my uncle. Itorgot that tor the minute. — 44 Pall Mall Budget." 