TALES i\»8i£T0Sflgg olvMtiifib AND KtiMlfilolMliiiO. SRTSfr^XT GXJXil-Y A COLONIAL STORY. (Written for the 'D. D. Gazette.') [BY GEORGE E. LOYAU.] They called it " Sawpit Gully,"— Nothing very remarkable in that you'll say, since names of this kind fire com mon enough in the bush, besides it is suggestive of sawynrs, individuals whose lives ave passed far back among mountains and cedar scrubs — -men who seldom visit towns, and know nothing of the doings in the grsat world fmili'Hs at times when newspaper?, perhaps a year old, reach them.) The place wns bo called by a couple of sawyers, who just five years befo^ my story com mences, had entered it for the first time. Till then no white man had visited that lonely glen, much less thought of, making an abode there.- It was therefore left to kangaroos, emus, and blackfeflows, whose right had extended there from centuries gone hy. They -fixed on a nice rise ; got bark stripped, and erected a gunyah. Then having dug a hole at a pit to work in, they commenced business, the said business consisting of skb getting. and pawing flooring boards for the town ship which lay on the Mary River, some six miles off, rind which is now known as one of the most prosperous centres of population ia Quoenslnnd. A brief period passed, and ?tidimis came of a tragedy enacted at Sawpit gully. Rumours »agne and indistinct got abroad of something «hich had hap pened in that wild glen. The word looks ugly enough on paper; the' reality is an indescribable fact— murder, aye murder, had been done.- Sawpit Gully had been turned into a shambles, and on the visit of the black police and armed roen from the settlemeut. a sickening night presented itself. Both sawyers lay near their- work toma hinked and pierced wifch spearp. TIih remnins had not a vestige of clothing, and portions of the limbs had Jjoen taken away. The event created quifco a sensation at the time, but as other cases of the kind took place shortly after nearer home, the people of the district got used to such things, and ceased to lament the untimely end of .old Milj« and his pon, for such wns the relationship «f tho murdered men, This dark deed perpetrated ro noon after its occupation by f,a,vvyers ought to have gained the spot tionie .pther appelalion, and ' MurderouR Gully '? woul'l have sounded more aps-roprinte. B'- that 11s it inny, the cir'Kiniil namo £4t tit If .1) it, hu thut ,'ive ycttis niter tvtien other aawycrii went there to split 3labs for new huts it was still known as ' Sawpit Gully. V Being among this party just bofore Christmas, in what capacity I need pot state. I was ey-- witness to what is here related They erected their gunyah near the old saw pit, and even worked in sight of the ruined habitation of the former occupants. There Wre the old poles on the ground, worm eaten, and rotting away ; there the baric, once substantial whole sheets now crumbling at the touch ; there, the green hide, thongs once used to nnito the whole, now hardened by the variations of weather to which they had been sub jected. A queer looking place truly, especially after nightfall, when those horrible stories, half true, half false, ,.. were sure to intrude, and you would ? see, or fancy you saw, old Miles and, his son issue forth from the underr 1 growth, in the scrub, looking as life like as it was possible for men to look.. They were not idle ghosts either, for they would handle the saw, axe, or other tools with dexterity, arid j»et to work felling trees in all direction*!?- v But the best of it was, that whilst you saw the timber fall and heard it crash, no trace could be found next day or these vagaries, so I presume, that the wind and a vivid imagination niust have prodnced them. My mates^'asXJj ?; before stated, wer-» three innumbei; hard workers, but also hard drinkers ; men who only slaved from daylight till dark, from one year to another, to ' knock down ' their earnings at some bush shanty. Sawpit Gully was by reason of its distance from the town ship a proper place for them, since thereby they were far removed from the evils of intemperance or ' horrors' which poriudicalljj followed their debauch. There is something terrible in the monotony of-' -existence remote from the humanizing converse of one's fellow riii n; or tbe' society of the gentler ses. One gets aa barbarous as an aboriginal, and as bearded as the ancient fathers w.liose boards defended; . to their waiEts. And the time too, hangs heavily on ' the hands of thoBe who , havt told ajid retold all their yarns, till their hearers are wearied of the ? lies with which they are inter spersed, and which are introduced to relieve their commonplaceness. Cards, usually the game of cribbage with a bar of soap for a board=-are play&d-till.; '?-' the hour of repose, when .Jack op Tom repeat for the fifiteth time their old stories till all drop asleep. Sometimes a visit to the town was necessary to procure stores, and this journey was taken in turns by myself ' and one or other of my companions. . One evening, ft3 we sat around oui j — camp fire, tbe noise oi crackling brancheR was heard and shortly after to . the astonishment of our party a swag* man appeared. Welcomes were in stantly extended and the 'billy' ? blackened with being boiled at many I fires was slung at once, in order that the stranger might be sure his reception ', was of the most hospitable character. Sawing is hot work, and liquid, i whether water or tea is oft called jjatfjj requisition. Our ' billy.'' moreover^ was no ordinary can, it ho'd a gallon, M 'Don't be afraid!' ejaculated one^o£(|!»f my companions as he placed a respe$jp»v able looking damper and beef ^befMfea the traveller, 'go in at the'-g(|||^ pl°nty more where that came frraX£f$ and when you've had a feed you ca^p| tell usall about yourself. Stop a weeSw} here, if you like,'young feller!' | The ' young feller ' as he was styled. J was a'mnn about iO years ol age, and^f in appearance a veritable tramp j one » of those individuals known as 'RJin- | downers' usually found in the viciriifyw| of stations just at sunset, who tfisi Hi men's huts and loaf on the inmate' ^|| Men of this class are as a rule thkwc 'J| and vagabonds of a most unscrupuloM#1 type. 'Having partaken of a nearf^ffS meal the tongue of the swagman; was*/S loosenucl, arid he related his antecedents!! and adventures in a graphic manner, T« winding; up with the gratifying infor-.,' mation that as it wns near Christmas, 'he had a bottle of grog in his swag, ji From the time of this announcement *! till the fatal bottle was emptied, themji was no- peace for that.travejler^'Quite a carouse ensued, and^fere loner thp whole partv wero more or less inebriated. Instead, therefore of acting with goqij sense and retiring to rest, they vowed ?? that the 'spree ' should be continued, -J and the three of them having brouerlitv''^' up their w. horses from the gully; in- which they were hobbled, -set ??? off . at once for the township, J intending to return early jpilh .fresh I supplies ofliquor tokeep up Ghrisfcmaa: M Tbe swugman was told to stay with mefflr and, notwithstanding my remonstranjjr / ces and expostulations, they rode off af/ full speed. : After the departure, I endeavoured)-;' to enter into conversation with W?% stranger, but his utterances . We' so ??' thick and uncertain that I beoame dfs- ? KWste.d, and res lived to ' send, him to Coventry,' for awhile to learn better manners. H*--4jd not evidently like this and talked on, n-Jdi',easix)g himself, at internals to the gum trees. O-rowinat'. ?' tired, 1 left him seated by the fire, and retirpd to rest. . From the ^interior of the gunyah aa I lav on/Vio ground rolled in my blankets, I co&ld; perceive !' th'o movements of the, unwelcome guest and these filled mo with alarm. Gesticulating wildly, waving his bands in the air and uttering incoherent nothings, he at length roRe to l/i/feet stood near fche fire for a few minutes' and then burst infco a lnu-^ laugh. There was something in hfs/ ma'nu.er indicative of insanity, and as ]ka ravings increas°d, it was evident to me that a fit of horrors wuh coining/ 01. Tlie unfortunate wretch had, noTloubt, been drinking aNoma bush gi/sj ohop, and after being Lalf ,/intnnn.f/l and plan, ^eped, had ocet)' despatched upon -ln rond wi4h a boWlti of ad,oltnratud fulfV'^ bish a8 a testimony tp .this philanthrope' ' of the shanty,-lcoeper, ml of thipJv ' with my comv'auions, jmd paitakuc' 