A BIG BLUNDER. It was this train despatcher's turn totell a story and this was the one he told'" I was working <m a western road in 1880, and I had a long night shift. The section of zo&d; overwhich 1 worked waa a big one. It was a single-track road and, as traffic was, very heavy, it kept me busy all the . ; *• One week in February there was a very heavy fall of show and the trains all got behind. I was at my wit's end and one night—it was Wednesday, February 16.1 1 will never forget that date—I was trying to handle a heavy eastboondipassenger and a westbound .passenger that was fully as heavy. The esstbonnd train was 'way behind, and the westbound train baa atsrted ont on time. X gave the engineer of the westbonnd train an order to run to a certain station, and when I got a report from the easfbound train I ordered that engineer to go to a certain station and run on a tiding to allow the other tnun to pass. I waa bnay with a couple of freights at the time, and when I. .got through and had time to think, it flashed on me that I had given what we calla lap order. That is, the two trains would have to pass each other on the same track if my instructions were carried ont, I . don't suppose that I would have felt so bad if I had known that I was going to be killed that minute. The room stfem before my eyes audi nearly fainted from fright. I took a big drink of Water and wired the neareet stations. Both.reixnted that the trains had left all right. There was a stretch of track fifteen infiee long between the stations, and I sat there knowing that somewhere on that fifteen miles those two trains would go to gether and I would be the cause of the deaths of perhaps a score of persona •« That was the most awful five minuteB X ever expect to pass through. X tried to think and I couldn't. My first impulse was to run away, and I grabbed up my hat and coat and was about to go. Then X decided that I would stay and take the consequences. I sat down by my desk and stared at the clock. Every time the tele graph instrument clicked I thought it was bringing tidings of a fearful wreck. I pictured to myself the scenes when the two trains crashed together, as I knew they most, for there was no way to reach them, ana every minute seemed like an eternity. I was pale as a ghost and had not the strength to handle the key. Groat drope cf sweat rolled off toy forehead. I lived a centwy at that desk during' that half hour. " Two or three times the impulse to run away came over me, bnt I fought it back. Then I began to think of killing myself. I did not think I could live and know that 1 had made n blunder with such disastrous consequences. 1 looked around for a pistol, bnt there was none there. I even picked np my paper cutter and put it to my throat. My nerve was gone, however, and I did not have the oonrage to cut my throat. I prayed that someone wonli come in and kill me, bnt nobody came. I couldn't sit in my chair, and crouched down in a heap on the floor and held my hands over my ears so that I might not hear the terrible tidings that, sooner or later, 1 knew would come over that wire. " As I was huddled there 1 heard the operator at the station from which I sent the eastbouud train calling me. ' Go' was bis call, add he repeated it a dozen times- 'Here it come?, I thought, and, by a supreme effort, I got over to the desk had toed to answer the man who was call ing. It took me five minutes to get sufficient control of my nerves to answer the call. Then I sank back in my chair and waited to hear the news of death and i destruction. ' No. 12,' he wired, meaning the eastbonnd train,' is backing into the station. What* s up f " It seemed as if Pike's Peak had been lifted off my chest. -1 jumped up and shunted Hke a crazy man. lt '> opened that the trainrwero rtnniBgslo«nd had come across each otteron a straight piece of track, had seen each other aodhadhad time to stopbeforenuming intoeacb other. I was given a "or, but I didn't kink, Hit took me all 