LOCAL AND GENERAL. <? The Londonderry Reef. -In an other column we have published a full account of the wonderful discovery of gold uear Coolgardie, at what is known as the Londonderry reef, and which the Coolgardie correspondent of the West Australian describes as "the most wonderful find of gold over made in the colony," and of which he says — " The gold is contained in a quartz reef and the show is better than any thing ever seen in Bayley's -Reward. Ironstone with which reef gold is usually associated when met with in large quantities in reefs in the district is entirely absent. The gold is carried in a clear quartz, slightly amber tinted. Tbe mine ,is marvellously rich in coarse,' wiry gold, . bright in color, the metal beiug . so thickly scattered. ; through the stone that after the rock j is fractured it has to be wi'onched apart. _ The stone is close grained. Every piece broken shows faces of the fracture to consist of nearly one third of sold. Young "Donald Dinnie."— Edwin G.alletly Dinnie is a son of the. world- ! renowned Donaid Dinnie, champion | athlete. Like his father, he has great 1 muscle and wonderful powers of en- ' durance. This clever Scotch athlete ; will only be 17 years old on the 4th : June. He is 5 ffiet six inches in height, . and weighs rost ilb in athletic costume. He is footman to a Jwell-known profes- sor, and in his spare time has devoted himself to.developing his muscle. Since . he was- a boy of 1 2 he has practised regularly all the Scottish trials, of skill and strength, and could always hold his own with those who were older. - , He lately gave a performance in his mas- . ter's . drawing, room in presence of several :scientific professors, one. of whom — ;professor Drummond — con sidered him the strongest youth in j Scotland. So pleased was the Professor j with the" lad's performance .that he ! presented him with a specially modelled ! dumbbell, . weighing . 7olbs. , This " Edwin can lift with ease above his head ; with one hand,- either from shoulder j height or from the ground to stretch of ' arm. He can also hold lsolbs above ! his head wijh one hand, and, when 1 lying on his back,, can lift an iron bar j weighing 4 5 lbs, to the ends of which I are attached six 561bs weights, three at ! each end,, and . stretches. his arms at i full length in the air.. Young Dinnie, named by those who, have seen him perform the " Young Sandow," has never appeared in" public, nor is he in the meaatime inclined to do so... Death op a Young Footballer. — General regret : was . expressed amongst footballers on Friday ,when the sad news was announced that death had removed from their midst a young player named Mapley, famili arly kuown amongst followers of the game as "Nic." Deceased was formerly a member of the Fitzroy Club, for which he played many sterling games, and at tbe time he was ordered to retire from football by his medical attendant gave promise of developing into a first class player. He was popular as a player, and made many friends. In the Hobart and Fitzroy match, contested at Beltana on Saturday both clubs wore a black band, out of respect to the deceased The-- funeral took place at New Norfolk yesterday and was largely attended, amongst those who were present being the members of the Fitzroy Club. — " Mercury." Public Works. — The following tenders have been accepted by the Public Works Department Road from- Jetty, Southbridge, to Sheoak Hills, contract 2, E. Flakemore, £119 10s 8d 5 contract s. J. Flakemore, £66 los 8d. Dbnuelly's road, contract 4, M. McGarry, £42 7s 3d ; contract" 5, W. & L. Warren, £44 17s 8d, Jerusalem to Rhyndaston, contract 3, A. Slielverton, £41. 16s. Roads Circular Head District (Parish of. Ford), branch road west from South- road to selections of Horton and Kay, contract- 7, C,. B. Grey, £135. Pat's River Jetty, Flinders' Island, erection of shed (near to), J. II. Bel lion, £16 10s; providing, driving, and fixing a mooring-pile, J. II- Belliou, £12. Debating Society. — At the meet ing of the Lairobe Literary and De bating Society, held on Friday evening last, there was 'a goiirl attendance, and considerable interest was taken iu debating the question as to whether Trial by Jury should be abolished or not, and considerable warmth was ex hibited at times. The Rev. D. Brown occupied the chair, and the vote taken I favored the retention, of the.- old i British eaatutn.: At the annual district meeting of the United Methodist Free Churches held at Sunderland, England, on 24th May, the Rev. A. Wren of Belling- ham, called attention to the decreasing membership of their churches, . which he attributed chiefly to the dancing and kiss in the ring games so fre quently practised at their school treats. &c.; Low and degrading entertainments, he said, were f e- queirtly held in their sch 'olrooins, and he conkl not wonder at the hecrease in membership when at all their social gatherings id Hiring was allowed and kissing indulge 1 in. He knew of representations having been given in one town of a public house brawl, and a ghost scene, and where games were played for which the forfeits had to lie paid in kisses. They should unite in trying to put a stop to tiese prac tices, which interferred with tlie' spiritual work of the church. An American contemporary records how a duck wa-< drowhe.d by an oyster — " The meek and lofty ovster can sometimes become a revengeful as well as a dangerous antagonist, as an unwary duck fmind to his cost a day or so ago on the eastern shore' (Balti more). This careless dwek, belonging to the. tribe known as ' fishermen,' was swimming about in search of food off the shore near Clairborne when . he espied an oyster — a nice, fat, juicv oyster he, was — with shell . widely parted, feeding. The duck, true to his greedy instincts, dried foe that juicy morsel and was about to swallow him whole, without salt or pepper even, when the angry passions of the oyster arose, and snapping his shells togethe.r caught the unsuspecting duck's bill in a vice-like embrace. The duck rose to the surface, shook, and mumbled apologies through his tight- shut mouth, but the bivalve's heart was hardened, and he held 011. Soon' that constant load pulling down his head, and growing weightier and weightier, began to tire the duck, and his neck arched lower and lower, until finally it sank into the water and he was drowned. A dock hand on board the steamboat Tangier saw the duck floating with shead submerged, and picked him up.- The oyster , was still clinging to his victim with a relentless, deadly grasp, and the tragedy that must have been enacted as described was revealed. Both the duck and the slayer were brought to Baltimore on the Tangier, and proved quite a ouriositv." The Late Mr J. M. Doolev. — Some little time ago Mr W. Whitakcr suggested that it would be a very graceful tribute to the memory of the late Mr James Monaghan Dooley, M.H.A., who so long and faithfully represented the people of East Devon in Parliament, to have; one. of that gentleman's photos enlarged and hung in some public place. Mr W. has fol lowed up the idea, and by shilling subscriptions, a very nice oil painting of the late member ha« been furnished by Mr P. J. Marcl a it, of Latrobe- The committee of the Latrohe Library have consented t he handsome picture being hun; i the reading room, and it is intended t > unveil it at 3 p.m. to-morrow, Mr G. Atkinson making some reference to the original whilst doirg so. . Latrobe Tabernacle.— Oh Thurs day, next an opportunity will be given of spending a very pleasant evening at the Tabernacle. Pastor Chamber lain will deliver a public lecture on " The. First English Bible and the Man. who . produced it." M. .D.i Heatley, Esq., in the chair, There will be singing at inler'als, and the whole will wind up with a Coffee Supper provided at the very moderate charge of sixpence each parson Pro ceedings will commence at 7.30, and all are cordially invited. Social. — -The usual fortnightly social will be held in ! the Congrega tional Church to- morrow (Wednesday) evening. An interesting programme has been prepared. „ . Dairy Cattle. — At the usual fort nightly sale of stock at the Latrobe yards, to be held next week, Mr G. Atkinson will submit the whole of- the herd of dairy cows owned by Mr Woodbeiry, of Elizabeth Town, and we hope that in view of the early estab lishment o'f the Devo'n B utter Factory farmers in this district, will seize the opportunity of introducing such fine dairy stock" on to 'their lands. There should be" keen competition. The herd Will.-be sold directly after the arrival of the 5.30 train on Wednes day. Dembsters Fair. — We have to' draw attention to Dempsters notice in another column, announcing a great fourteen days fair. 