HOW SHEARERS ARE ACCOMMO DATED. (From a New Zealand Exchange.) On the 25th October, 1893, in company with one of the fraternity, I left Oamaru in quest of sheaiing. Arriving in Timaru, I had no trouble in obtaining' employment, and at once proceeded to ... to commence three months of the hardest and most trying class of labor the working-man of this colony haa annually to perform iu order that he may be able to keep body and soul together during tho dull, cold, wintry season of the year. On arriving at the place where we were to shear, tne proprietor showed us our place of abode during our stay in his employ. The miserable, dirty pig-Hty that had to answer the purpose of sheltering us from the wind and rain is too novel in its construction and general surroundings to be passed by with out notice. It was, by its appearance, originally intended for a feed-house for pigs, dogs, and horses, there being, on our arrival, tho different sorts of food usually eaten by the animals above meutio: od stowed away inside. We removed the pigs' slush-tub and the remains of a few partly decomposed old crawler.-, and shovelled some of the filth into the muddy, malodorous cow-yard, which took the place of a lawn at pur front door. This done, we proceeded to make our beds. Somo of us took up our quarters in a largo oat-bin; others 'shook down' on tho grouud-floor of the hut, as the 'boss' was pleased to call it. ... Dissatisfied with everything and everybody, we retired to our lodgings for the night, and at once sought com fort in the folds of our blankets. But we wore not permitted to enjoy in peuce the refreshing qualities of gentle sleep, for shortly after going to bed, and when on the edge of this world and tbe world of dreams, I was startled by the dull,, thud of a boot striking the manger where I was sleeping close to my head, and the voice of C ? singing out, ' What the devil is that ? This confounded place must be haunted.' Although I am not a believer in ghosts, I was half inclined to think that something from the laud of spirits was close at hand. All doubts were cleared up by my mate explaining that the place was infested with rats. I struck a match on hearing this, and, to my surprise, my gaze fell on ' a largo rat looking down on me from the edge of the manger, and many others dodging up and down on fo the oat-bin, where C ? had ensconced himself. This army of rats wns quite sufficient to rouse the warlike spirit of C- ? , with the result that he brought into requisition all the old boots and other missiles available, and proceeded to let drive at every corner of the hut where he thought a ral was likely to be. This process became so dangerous, not only to the rats, but to the shearers also, that my_ mate thought it prudent to strike matches in order that C- ? might see what he was driving at, and so not hit one of us a belt on the head with a boot. And thus, between waking and sleeping, rate, fleas, dogs, and the occasional grunt of the pigs in the sty adjoining the hut, our first night was tp-.-ut. With such a r.tat« of tilings existing, whr shall pay the Hon. the Minister .for Labor ha? iio right 'to interfere ivifch tLo ctato of acconuno lotion ftheorery have to put- op with during three :auu,hs of the v.?ar? 