A Greek Ghost Story. Lucian, the celebrated Greek satirist, pre cursor of Rabelais Pascal, Swift, Fielding, &c;, had his fling at ' spooks.' The trans lation of Six Dialogues of Lucian, by Sydney T. Irwin. (London: Methuen), a new book, thus renders the story of Demaenete's ghost : — 'While we were talking, Eucrates' two sons came inf from the wrestling school. One of them is quite a young man, and the. other about fifteen. After paying their respects to us, they sat down on the bed near their father, and a chair Avas brought in for me. Then Eucrates ? snoke to mo. the sijrhtof his sons apparently bringing back something to his mind. ' Tychiades,' he said, and he put his hands on their heads as he spoke, 'may these boys never be a blessing to me if what I am going to tell you is not the truth. Eveiy one knows 'how I love their sainted mother, my wife— and I proved my love by the way I treated her— not only in her lifetime, but even after her death ; for I burnt with her all her ornaments and the dresses which gave her so much happiness in life. On the ;seventh day after her death, I was lying here on my bed as I am now, trying to lighten my sorrow. : In fact, I was peacefully reading Plato's book on the soul, jln the middle of my reading, in comes Demrenete, and' sits as close to me as Eucratides,' pointing to his younger son, 'is sitting now' (the boy shivered with childish terror— indeed, he had been pale -for some minutes from the time his father began his narrative). 'As soon as I saw her I threw my arms ronnd her, and wept and groaned aloud, but she would not sufiermeto cry out; indeed, she reproached ine. Though I had gratified her in all other ways, I had omitted, she^ said', to burn one of her two slippers — and they were gold slippers— with the rest of her clothes. She added that it had fallen under the chest, and that therefore we had hot found it, and had only burnt one. We were still talking when an 'abominable little Maltese puppy gave a: yelp under/ the bed, and she vanished at the sound. We found the slipper, though, under the . chest, and burnt it afterwards. These things, Tychiades, are patent— are being seen every day of our lives ; and is it still reasonable to be incredu 'lous about them ?' ' Of course not,' said L .'Those who could be so incredulous — so shamelessly obstinate in the face of truth would, at the least, deserve the golden slipper — deserve to be whipped with it, as children are.' ' .'..,., 