A GAME OF HEARTS. CHAPTER XIX (Continued.) Still it was rather hard to feel her- self neglected day after day, to have to endure, instead of inflicting, those keen little pangs of mortification at which she had so often laughed in other people's cases. She had not even poor sentimental Archie to fall back on. And, though she was of course perfectly indifferent to Mr. Caleb Halliday personally, the series of petty annoyances to which his behavior was subjecting her had the effect before many days of making her look pale and dispirited again, and lending a little pathos to her voice and manner which most men would have found very hard indeed to resist. When the young man came into her sitting-room of a morning and found Mamey there, Lesley would imme- diately begin to make talk with Mrs. Powlett, or would take up a book, as if to leave the field clear for the merry governess. If she had occasion to de- mand the smallest courtesy of Mr. Halliday, it was done in such an apolo- getic, almost timid way that the young man felt hurt, and would for a time assume a certain empressement, if he had it not. But half an hour later he would be at Mamey's side again, bending over her coronet of back plaits, or sitting at her feet to hold her skein of silk, and Miss Bell would be left to herself, her pale, pretty face meeting the laughing pair like a silent reproach, if they happened to turn their eyes in her direction. Not that Mamey Paget meant to be unkind, or would, for all the world, have hurt the girl who had been so good to her and Nat ; but she did not understand how it was with Lesley— so she told her brother more than once. And, after several cheery, puzzled attempts to pluck out the heart of the young lady's mystery, she was fain to decide that Lesley had some secret senti- mental trouble of her own—perhaps relating to that handsome cousin who was away. What else could account for the remarkable change in her since last year—a change which had trans- formed the happy, hardy, blooming coquette she remembered into this pale, silent, listless little ghost of that former self ? "It is a thousand pities, thought Mamey, ruefully. "If ever a girl had everything in the world to make her happy that girl is Lesley Bell, and yet only just look at her ! Oh, dear me ! If she had a few troubles like mine to put up with there would be some reason for her melancholy looks. And I—I cannot even get thin on them." With which the laughing governess would actually look solemn for five minutes, and would probably take a little cheap locket from her pretty bosom and kiss it, and hide it away again with a sign of cheerful resigna- tion. From which it would seem that Miss Mamey had secrets of her own, which she had not thought it advisable as yet to confide to her friend. But it was Mamey's way to put off to the day the evil thereof, and to make the most of her brief holiday before going back to the drudgery and loneliness of her schoolroom in Upper Baker-street ; and no doubt she was of opinion that the discussion of inevit- able delays and privations would not be profitable or cheerful to either her- self or Lesley. One afternoon the two girls resolved to walk down to Miss Bell's schools and inspect the progress of Jane Mor- ris's wedding outfit, which Lesley had asked the mistress to put in hand without delay after hearing the news of the engagement. Sir John and Calob Halliday had been out rabbit shooting together all day, and time had hung rather heavily on the hands of the two ladies at Hey- cot. Mamey's appearance with the lun- cheon-tray — she declared she had timed it carefully—was hailed as a relief, and Mrs. Powlett then ordered both the girls out for a couple of hours' tramp through the frost-bound park. There was nothing for it but to obey, and Lesley did her best to shake off the uneasy feeling of restraint which had sprung up between her and her friend as they set off down the avenue. The young heiress was muffled to her fair chin in sealskin and brown velvet, and a gleam of golden hair shone through her little spotted veil. Mamey wore her usual neat grey gar- ments, and stiff scarlet feather in her had about which Nat was rather inclined to be shocked, but which was so becoming to his sister's saucy dark face that he had not the heart to exert his authority and suppress the daring little plume altogether. A wintry sun was shining on the snowy trees and hollows ; a robin was piping a cheerful song, and an occa- sional shot rang through the still keen air fron the neighboring woods. "I wonder what sport they are having ?" began Mamey. "Sir John says Mr. Halliday is a capital shot." Lesley shrugged her shoulders. "Mr. Halliday is an admirable Crichton," she returned. " If America were still to be discovered I should say to Columbus, 'Don't trouble yourself ; Mr. Halliday will do it for you.' " "I can't think why you have taken such a dislike to that poor fellow," remonstrated Mamey. "Nat says he is the best fellow he ever met." "And what does Nat's sister say ?" asked Lesley, with a pale smile. "Nat's sister is bound not to have an opinion about anybody under fifty," returned Mamey, laughing, and blush- ing too ; and she put up her hand to feel her beloved locket,: as it lay warm and close under her jacket. "Why not ?" "My dear ! A governess is supposed to have neither eyes to see nor ears to hear where a man is concerned. Characters in history are considered enthralling enough for her well regu- lated mind." "And if it isn't well regulated, Mamey ?" said Lesley, a touch of sympathy softening her voice. "But it invariably is, Miss Bell ! Governesses are above all such foolish weakness as you appear to be hinting at. I don't mind admitting however—on condition that it goes no further— that I have a secret penchant for Alcibiades. He was a sort of classic Guardsman, you know—a Guy Livingstone in sandals——" "Mr. Halliday turned into Greek, let us say." "Mr. Halliday again !" cried Mamey, a little bit hurt. "Why are you so hard on him, Lesley? I am sure he does not set up for a Guy Livingstone in the very least." "I am not aware that I am hard on him," returned Miss Bell, coldly ; "and even if it be the case it certainly has not interfered hitherto with your friend's very excellent appetite." "Oh, as for that," returned Mamey, with a vivid flush that made the scarlet feather pale its ineffectual fire, :people can be in love, and yet eat their dinners, and be ready to laugh at a joke." "Can they ?" "I mean—I—I have heard so." "From Mr. Halliday ?" Mamey turned and looked curiously at her companion, who flushed under her little veil and avoided the glance ; and the governess seemed to be struck by some new idea, for her expression changed, and she arched her black eye- brows in silent surprise. "When do you expect your cousin down again ?" she asked, abruptly, still watching Lesley out of the corners of her shrewd dark eyes. "I really don't know." "You used to be such allies." "But the warmest friendship is not proof against a cold in the head, you know." Then there was a long silence be- tween the two girls, Mamey Paget seeming to have fallen into an un- usually thoughtful mood. And, after all, Miss Bell did not visit her schools that afternoon. As they got over a certain low stone bridge that spanned the river at a point where the shallow stream crossed Sir John Bell's grounds Mamey uttered a little cry of surprise and pleasure, and Lesley, walking out of a long brown study, looked up and saw a tall figure in a rough tweed suit, and gaiters be- spattered with mud, walking before them, gun on shoulder, in the same direction in which they were going. It was Mr. Halliday ; and Mamey hailed him with a merry little shout. The young man turned round, and came back at once to join the two girls. "Has the sport been bad that you are giving it up so early?" cried Mamey, while Lesley offered him a reluctant hand out of her sealskin muff, and did not say a word. Caleb declared that the sport had been very decent, that he had bagged a dozen rabbits and a couple of hares, but that, having some business letters to write before the post went out, he had left Sir John to continue the exe- cution, and was on his way home. It was odd how much business seemed to follow Mr. Halliday from Manchester. "We are going on to the village too," explained Mamey, as Lesley still maintained an absent silence. "And, as we have exhausted every bit of gossip we could think of by the way, you had better take pity on us before we end by quarrelling. We are not such good fun as the rabbits, of course ; but we are at least conscious of the fact, and will do our best to make you forget it." "In that case," began Caleb, pre- paring to fall into line with the young ladies ; but Miss Bell stopped short in the snowy road. "Mamey," she said faintly, I—I don't think I can walk any farther. I am tired, and my head is beginning to ache." "Then we will turn back at once," said Mamey. "I am sorry you are not well, dear." "Oh, it is nothing ! And I am really anxious to know how Mrs. Bodkin is getting on with the work ; so perhaps you would not mind walking on so far as the schools for me ? Mr. Halliday will take care of you, I dare say." "Of course I will, if you wish it," said Mamey, with what seemed to Lesley a very suspicious alacrity, "only I don't like to leave you alone." "I like being alone," returned Miss Bell, languidly. Caleb was silent. "Good- bye then, dear, till the even- ing," cried Maniey, with a cheerful nod. "I will make Nat bring me up to tell you the result of my interview with Mrs. Bodkin." She walked away. Caleb raised his hat to Miss Bell, and followed ; and Lesley turned back toward Heycot alone. But no sooner was she out of sight than the little governess came to a stand-still. "Mr. Halliday," she said, rapidly, "you are not going to walk to the village with me ?" "Indeed, yes ; if you will allow me." "But I won't ; I have some business to attend to, as you have just heard— some very important business, and as delightful as it is important—nothing less, in fact, than the inspection of a trousseau." "Allow, me to congratulate you, Miss Paget." "I wish I could, but it wouldn't be honest. The trousseau is not for me, worse luck, but for Miss Morris." "Miss Morris is going to be married then ? You surprise me !" "I find the news has the same effect on everybody in Chatton ; but it is true. She is going out to Australia to meet ber future husband ; and Lesley —as kind as ever—is having her out- fit made at her schools." "Going to Australia !" cried Caleb, a hundred conflicting ideas flashing through him. "Not to marry Swayne, surely ?" "Yes, Doctor Swayne is the happy man." "Impossible ! I mean—he was so awfully in love with somebody else six months ago." "I don't see what that has to do with it," said matter-of-fact Mamey. "And you are making me forget what I had to say." "I beg your pardon," said Caleb, talking like a man in a dream. "What was it ?" "Go and see Lesley home. It is getting late, and Sir John does not like her to walk alone. "But—" "I have no time to argue, Mr. Hal- liday, and it is too cold to stand here any longer. You are not to follow me to the village ; and, if you make hast, you will overtake Lesley before she gets to the bridge. Good-bye." Mamey fairly took to her heels and ran away ; and Caleb, after a short pause of indecision, shouldered his gun once more and turned back in the direction of Heycot. CHAPTER XX. Before he had walked twenty yards Caleb stopped, and seemed very much inclined to retrace his steps, He could still see mamey paget's scarlet feather bobbing up and down between the snowy hedgerows—why shouldn't he overtake her and leave Miss Bell to go home alone ? It would be the wisest thing he could do. But then it was getting late, and that girl—meaning Lesley—had no business to be out any longer in the cold. How wan and delicate she had looked in her rich winter wraps ! What a pity it was that such a face as hers should ever fade ! Caleb took out his cigar-case, and selected a cigar with great delibera- tion. Then he looked back once more. The scarlet feather was out of sight ; only the bleak hedges, and the low- hanging sky, across which a dark string of birds were flapping slowly, met his eye. He lighted his cigar, took up his gun, and walked on with rapid strides to the bridge. As he tramped over the crisp frozen snow, and the smoke from his cigar rose slowly in the calm air, he re- membered Mamey's news about Jane Morris. "And so Alick is consoled already," he thought, with a sober smile. "I wonder he had not mentioned the fact in either of his letters to me—I could not have wished him a better little wife ? And Miss Bell. One would have thought she would be pleased to spread the news ; unless she is even vainer than I suppose, and grudges the escape of one victim from her toils, no matter how little worth keeping she may con- sider him. She certainly is a strange girl. I could have sworn that her heart was beating furiously that night when I caught her in my arms—or she caught me—and I know she blushed ; and yet she hadn't a word to say to me, and has hardly looked at me ever since. Not that I care, of course ! But she is certainly something of a puzzle. It can't be possible she cares for that spoony cousin, surely. And yet there must be some reason for the change the past few months have worked in her. She was a child when I saw her first—only last July—she is a woman now, and with a woman's trouble in her heart, unless I am greatly mistaken. Well, it is no business of mine ; and I cannot pretend to be sorry that she is suffering a little of the same pain she has so often inflicted on others. Anyhow poor old Alick is being avenged ; and as that is the case my mission in Chatton, it seems to me is over. Egad, I don't think I should have made much of a hand at it, either. It is paltry work, after all, this waging war against a girl. Yes—the best thing I can do is to go back to Manchester and stay there. It is waste of time running backwards and forwards as I have been doing. No good can possibly come of it. I wonder if it is that lackadaisical cousin. Wasn't there some talk of a fellow from Cambridge last year ? That sort of girl is almost sale to choose the wrong man, and cause that old boy no end of trouble. And of course he looks to her making a big match one of these days With her beauty she might marry anybody." At this moment Caleb came to the bridge, a picturesque old structure of rough grey stone, ivy-grown and lichen-stained, under the low arch of which the shallow brown water chattered noisily over the rocks and stones before it began to glide swiftly away towards the boat-house at Hey- cot; and leaning on the parapet—a still dark figure against the wintry twilight—Caleb saw Lesley Bell. She was resting her chin on her hand and staring dreamily across the fields as if lost in thought. "How imprudent !" was the young man's rapid criticism on the situation, and, hastening on to the bridge, he spoke to the young lady, lifting his cap, and asked her if she did not think she had better make haste home. Lesley started violently at the sound of his voice, and colored all over with a painful blush. "I—I" was tired, she said, in a low voice. "I am not so strong as I used to be, I think, and I cannot walk far at a time." "But if you are rested you had better take my arm and stay out no longer. Now that the sun has gone down it is bitterly cold." "Is it ?" she asked, sadly. "I did not feel it." "May I finish my cigar ?" said Caleb, shifting his gun in order to have his arm at Miss Bell's disposal. She nodded, but she did not seem inclined to move. "I thought you were going to take care of Mamey," she said, still leaning her elbows on the ivy-grown parapet. "It will be dark before she can get back." "She has her brother ; and she sent me to take care of you." Lesley laughed bitterly. "I fancied for a moment that you had come of your own accord," she said, with quivering lips. "I forgot how thoroughly you have always de- spised me, and how unlikely it was that you should treat me as you would treat any other girl. Caleb pulled rapidly at his cigar. " ' Despised ' is a strong word, Miss Bell," he said, gravely. "But you are right in supposing that I try to behave with peculiar discretion in all my dealings with you. I have had my warning, you see, and I should be a fool if I neglected it." "I suppose so." Lesley's voice was chocked with emotion—whether grief, or shame, or anger, who cold decide ? "You had better take my arm," urged the young man. The winter dusk was closing around them, and a chill wind was stirring in the trees. He could see that she was shivering under her warm furs. '"You have still a long walk before you, and it is getting late." "No matter," she said, turning from him. "Doctor Swayne would be walk- ing between us all the way. Please go on and leave me to myself." "Poor old Alick !" returned Caleb, soberly. "It is not easy for me, cer- tainly, to forget his sufferings, Miss Bell, even though I have just learned that the wound is about to be healed. And," he added abruptly, "why have you never told me of Swayne's engage- ment to Jane Morris ?" "I took it for granted he had told you himself," said Lesley slowly. "Doctor Swayne was never very re- markable for reticence on such matters, was he ?'' " Oh," said Caleb, coloring, "men always tell each other their love- stories—in which particular I dare say they don't differ much from women." "Have I ever spoken of Doctor Swayne in—in that way ?" cried Les- ley, indignantly. "I should imagine not," answered Caleb, with cool emphasis. "The re- membrance can hardly be an agreeable one to you, Miss Bell." Lesley hung her head. "But if I am sorry," she faltered— "if I acknowledge that I was wrong ? I don't think you ought to be so hard on me, Mr. Halliday." There was a beseeching tremble in her voice—her two big blue eyes sought the young man's face with a wistful appeal. "I don't know what I have done to you," she continued. "You like Dolly, and you like Mamey and papa ; but you can't bear me, just because I was foolish and unkind once. I think it is very cruel of you." (TO BE CONTINUED.) Trio Melbourne Clearing House returns last week totalled £3,012,163, compared with £3,031,494 for the same week last year. 