L6C&L; AND GENERAL NEWS. Trttt-BdrDs Club wiU hold the Second socud ratlierinjr thi» iThnrsday) oveainj?. A good iirogramma Hoh been provided, and s largo gathering' may bo anticipated. , Tbo- covrtliat beat all previous records is buttermuUinirat tho London Dairy Show was ! aorasfbren Shorthorn, descended from a cross, i bred- siro and crossbred dam. We do sot know thn- parontagn' of tho dam. This oow gave l>4£ lb> of milk in two day, containing l-l ror 08110 total solid. The mtllr mart 71 IK nt Butter; or a. fraction over equal to 32 lb. a day At tho Police Court on Tuesday morning before Captain Goodall, P.M., John ; Schmidt,, on remand, was charged with the j larceny of a horae rug', the property of Mark : itovenay. After tho evidence of Constable jSweetioywM taken, aud also that of Mark ; rvdday,. ovidonco was given of previoos con- ; vldtiodB against tho accused. The Police Magistrate- sentenced him to three months im prisonment ib Toowoomba goal. KottCocir L\r>?, A Co.'s whisky. The most pronounced in flavor of all whiskies. 3729 Acoitng8ro7i>RNT from Pittsworth write ttiJdbrd'ate- July Id The Indepondaot Order of ffecliabi'te hold their nsnal monthlv on Saturday;. Kinst. There was a fair attendance of momhera present. After the general order of Husintwe was gone throogh, a dUouesion ensiled: re the proposed aoniversary. It was decided' to' hold ltoo the 15th Angnst. Asnb- committee' was forme< to carry ont the neces sary. Pbitfroeh- tenders for the erection of tho proposed! new obarcii of Stf Lake's, five tenders' were received, the prices being (for all stone)1 from £1534 to A3576. The lowest tender;- tHob of Mr. J. Stabbs, of Sydney, was accepted,, the time being 14 months. The next IrtWdnC- tender was J2824 above Mr. Stnbba. Pbr tfin work as specified in tho first instance twelve tenders were received, the prices rangibyfrom to AI474, but the lowest ; tender of that lot wo more than the Building Committee could afford, so they called for fresli1 tender with the above resnlt JB To-Pat rlto Loclryer Agricoltural aadJM dbntrial Society's anaal show will be opcsH Ab-Gbttonby bis Rxoatleney the Govern «|H noon;- The- Ren. A. H. Barlow, MinisteflBH Laml'ir,. and Messrs. Stevens and FoSHH Mir.LA.,. are also to be present. TbcH every prospect of a successful exhibHBH The- entries aro very Urge no yoom p licrses,. 21 caitle, <iQ pigs. Id ' ponlCry. The farm prodnce andokber aectioo' aro- proportionately large. The' Queensland GottomCnmoauy and tiiQbcenslaad WoollFn will' exhibit large tropmes. FTavr you observed the splendid vafae whicij; T. K. Lamb, Hodgson's Buildings, is j glvimr at the present time? AgLncaattho |0rii«ir of a few of the special lines offering j Chi# week will convince tho moat careful I buyer that T. K. Lan b ia >b# cheapest otorn | for drapery e>t 11 kltt It. I'figp ' At the annual district raeoting of the United Mothodiat Free Churches, held at Suuderlaud, England, on 21th May, the Rov. A. Wren, of Bofiingbam, called attention to the docrcuHing tnnmViApflhin nf their rhurrhflfl. wiiialt lid fit triboted chiefly to the dancing and kiss-in- tho- ring frames bo frequently practised at their school treats, Ac. Lo ana degrading enter taiomonts, ho said, were freqaently held in their schoolrooms, and he could not wonder at the decrease in membership when at all their eocial gatherings danciog was allowed and hissing indulged in. Ho know of repre sentations having been given in oue town of a pnbllo honFo brawl, and a ghost scone, and where games wero played for which the for feits had to bo paid in kisses. They ehoald unite in trying to putting a stop to tbeso praotices, which interfered with tho spiritual -work of tho choreb. Some of our bank tollers do not speak highly of tho quality ol tho paper ou which the Queensland Treasury cotes aro printed. On this point the Maryborough Chronic!: has the following A peculiar defect bus been nolic;d in a number of tho now Treasury notos'in cir culation. The largo 14 ONE " in blao ink oa the faco of tho note appears to bavo bceu so heavily impressed in the printing as to break the toxturo of the note paper, and aftor a little handling and orampling in daily use, the three i letters in tho word "Ono" crack all round tboir edges, and in somo notes the letters can 3 bo takon out from tho rost of tho noto as if cut round with a pen-knife. If ovory XI note , issoed is similarly defective, it is a serious i matter as thoy will notlongstatid the ordinary rough usage of a bank note. Bullocu Lade a Co.'s Highland whisky, 8 years in wood, can bo supplied in bulk or case by their agents, Pcrhins A Co., Ltd., Brisbane. !J7iAU The Tamworth Xaci of Tuesday eays : — Nothing lias resulted from the so-called " con fession " of Lec, ono of the condemned men in concoction with tho Barraha mnrder. The police so far have been unable to discover any trace of the alleged "third man," end tho im pre9sion in official minds ia tliat he is a myth conceived by Leo in the dosporato hope of ob taining a rcprievo for the purpose of identi fying anyouo who might be arrested. In the meantimoall arrangmentB for the carrying oat of tho execution aro progressing Kobert Howard, alias " Nosey Bob," described, as his own request, on tho olcotorul roll as a " Sheriff b Oifioor," arrived by tho mail train on I Friday morning, and has been accommodated — ' with quartorsatthegaol. Comings maintains a surly demeanour, uut Lea baa broken down and refuses to rise from his bed. Unlets very uoforeeocn ciroomstances ocour both men will I bo executed at B a.m. on Friday (to-morrow). r M The regular monthly moetingof the Darling : ; Downs Horticultural Society was held last ! ' ; Monday night in the rooms at Mr. G. Searlc's shop, Kuthven-stroot, Mr. J. G. Palotborpo. vice-president, Id tho choir. Tho rninutos of last meeting wore read aod oonfirmed. After the passim; of auoonnts for payment, the awarding cf tho prizes for the monthly com- .14 petitions was effected, as follows For bunch violets, Mr. J. GibbB, 1st nrizc with 20 points, « , Mr. H. Hopkins. 2nd with 11 points, and Mr. J. Gibbs, 3rd with 10 points ; 4 entries. For t : tf distinct pansier, Mr. J. G. Palotborpo 1st, / . with21 points, Mr. J. Lowo2nd, with 19 points. :£ For threo dishes vegetables, Mcbsm. J.Lowe j and J. Gibbs in the first ballot nbtainod 14 poiuts eauh. la the second count Mr. Lowo was awarded 1st., Mr. Gihbstaking2od. priro, Mr. J. G. f'alethoriM) being 3rd. with 11 points; 4 entrios. In non-eompetitivo exhibits Mr. Valethorpe was awarded B poiots for two fino heads of coiory, and Messrs Lowo and Gibbs 12 poiots esab for oolloctiou of cat flowers. The last nanied exhibits wero acknowledged c . very superior for the season of the year. The meeting then terminated. Tho objects for competition for tho Augost meeting, on Tues day 14th, are 12 distinct pansies. 3 spikes, trasses or blooms of any hardy spring bulbs, and 3 Narcissus, distinct. The half-yearly nicotine of Itecbabito wan hold in the Temporance If all on Friday uight ' last. There was a largo attendance, and J - several members unable to be present sent J apologies. Absent members not sending an I apology weru fined. Members paid in contri- I bntlons to the amount of £30 19s. lid., and I ' ooe member was reported to bo on the sick I list. One candidate was propORed foriniliation next meet&g.X; The election or omcors tor tuo I ensuing ht.1J.yebr was then proceeded with, I and resultdd as Vollowss— O.K., Bro. W. It. I Wilson ; D|R., Bro. G. floaaart; Treasurer, I Bro. W. Ui,"VfooUou; Secretary, Bro. W. H. La "Wonaley; M.S., - Bro. H. Streeter; W.S.Bro. W i p. Jarrott ; Levite.. Bro. T. Anthony ; Guard, I- Bro. Towerton; Auditor, Bro. S. Trutdsle. I . ... Notified motions re|Secretary and Auditors I were fully disouised and onJbeing pat to the i meeting wero lost-"oodtT»n.' Accounts to I tbo amount of £20 12«. wife passed for pay- < roent, and tho kneeling adjourned to Friday, j 27th jane. Thouarterly bdliinco shoot laid , < on the table showed the receipts to be £70 4s. 7d., and oxpohrlturb'' XG2 1-ls. KM. Tho juvenile IteobaUitos also held _ their half- yearly mooting and elected their officers for 12 tho ensuing half- year as follows:— C.R., 1. I Anthony; D.K., H. Mcrritt; Treasurer. W. | H. Wool ley ; Secretary, Geo. Lane ; M.B., C. Wyoth ; W.8., W. .Horn | Levitt, G. Part- H| tisfo; GDfttdi 3, Wjithi Bro. J. iIiQkiNi, visiting member from tho Adult Tent, gave tho yoaug BcchahitcB a few words of advice and encouragement, remarking ho was pleased at tho masterly manner in which they carried on thoir work. He urgod them all to ho faith ful to their pledge, and their fnturo would bo ono of usefulness and sobriety. Mit. Stanley Houkon will rosumo tuition at Bornell A Co.'s next Monday. -IG12 TllE Lttc Slock Journal has tho following- — " It will be doubtless a relief to tho British dairy farmer to hear that the Victorian batter season closed ou tho 2Sth of May, and ho will be frco from tho competition of tho Australian colony ntitil October next. What this competition has been may be inferred from : the faetthatdiiriagthopa8t8eason7315tonsof batter were cent tc this conntry front Victoria, making at the ratooflld. per lb., a total value of £791,213 to tho colony. On theassamption that every ton of buttor requires 2 \ gallons nf milk for its production, -11,021,000 gallons would be required to produce this. Iu 1839 90 when the trade was initiated, the value of the butter scot homo wam i'.M.lWO. Sioco then tho figures for tho various seasons have boon £91,209, £225.000, £ 101.432 , and £701.273. Next season it is intended that cheese shall form a more important item in tho colony's exports than was tho caso this year. Our new Jerusalem correspondent — bo is ; not yet qualified to spell tho adjcctivo with a capital— writes to an American journal that a conntry man is abont to mako s colossal fortano by oxporting Jordan water to England (says the J'ttll J fall Gazette). He remarks with reason that tho river Jordan and the supply of infants are two things never likely to run dry. Tho label is a strange mixturo of things old and now. " Sterilised Jordan Water, for tho Baptism nf Infants and such as aro of itiper Years. None genuino without the consignor's name stamped into the capsnlo. Bold in bottles, Ac." We havo received a very longthy report of a concert that took placo at Maida Hill on the 2nd inst-, but the cxigoocios of apaco prevent ns from publishing it In full, oven though our correspondent asserts that tho day in question " proved to bo a historical day in tho futuro i annals of Queensland history, aod particularly I that portion of tho universe known as Maids Hill." The concert was in aid of tho fund of the Spring Flat School, and was held iu tho I Maida Hill School of Arts, which was crowded. The entertainment wus under tho superintcn- I dence of Mi< O'Brien, tho head teacher of tho school, to whom great praise is awarded for the efficient manner ia which the children acquitted tjiemsalv. Tim programmo was an adairablo one, ana tuo various numbers wore cuthu-Hiahtically received. At tho olose of tho entertainment Mr. W. A. M'Clellaud returned thanks. Dancing followed and was kept up until daylight. An excellent supper provided by the ladies of the district was How oar export trade in produce of any hind can be strangled in its birth is trays tho Wide Bay Xeies) shown by a transaction in oranges which just recently ''eventuated " between an orange-growor in this district and £tnfrnpr1 Tiir.I fin ri Co.. of Hohart. The grower consigned 40 cases of orangos to tho abova firm, who disposed of all the 40 caseis tho result being, after paying wharfage, freight, duty (Is. per case), comtuUsinn, cartage, primago, repacking, Ac., a profit of 3s. 4d., or just one penny per case! The fruit brought 9/». per caso for two cases ; 4 sold at 7s, each, 1 at tfc., 3 at 54., 3 at 4i., 11 at 3s. Gd., 3 at 'la., and 1 at Is. fid.. 11 cases being lost in repacking. This profit will scareoly encourage the grower to export any more of his fruit to Tasmania. The agent, however, complains that tnaay of the oraoges wore dark skinned, and that largo quantities of a superior kind of orango wero arriving at the time by every boat. The Wellington correspondent of tho Sydney Daily Telegraph rays:— "The best speaker amongst the new members is ono Patrick JoROph O'Regan, a very young goldfiolds mem ber of fino pbysiquo and onmistakAbio nation ality. Ho mode tho beat retort of the session the other day in tho debate on the Bill for the abolition of all spcoiiil conspiracy lawn relating had been dragged into the debate tho case of tho person who, on yoar sido of tho wator, was lately sentenced to nino months for anlng disgusting language about her Majority. Ono Radical member— labor loyalist— frankly said that he thought tho sentence well-merited, and ha hoped that every man who took tho Quoon's name in vain would got as much. Mr. O' Re gan gently demurred to ibis. Ho bad ovcry rospeot for ber Majesty, bat ho had, on tho goldfieids, heard men go even so far as to tako the Almighty's name in vain, and he could not remember that any of them had had nine months in gaol for thus insulting the highest of potentates. I may mention that tho Conspiracy Bill abovo referred to repeals the celebrated Act of George IV,, and puts all labor anioort on exactly tho cauio lovel as other mombors of tho community in regard to conspiracy. The i Bill has been passed iu the Lower House, and | will pass the Upper- Broken-bill miners and Qaeocatsed sbsarar will be Interested tobooW vhUi" Don't bo deluded with cxagcratod puffs, but soo what T. IC. Lamb, of Hodgson's Buildings, can do in tho way of supplying drapery of ovcry kind at tho lowest crbIi prices. None givo hotter ' valuo than T. K. Lamb, 38 Wjutino from Westminster on Jane 8 to the S. Jf. Herald Henry Lucy eays:— When on Wednesday Lord Rosehcry led Lindas from tho winning-post at Epsom to tho wcighiug-tn pad dock, ho may well havo regarded himsotf as tho most popular man in England. The beginning of the year Uhd seen him, still young, gaining tho hluu ribbon of political life. Before tho year was half sped thcro was udded to his prizes tho blue ribbon of the Turf. It is a raro combination of good fortuno. But ulrcndy there aro signs that tho proud possession of Ladas may prove of evil omen to tho Prime Minister. Tho Noncon formist conscience is moro ticklish than logical. It has already begun to show signs of uneasiness, born of doubt whether a man who owus a raeo- horse can bo safely trusted at the head of a Government that is pledged to disestablish a church. Tho two things, it may be said, bavo nothing in common, oor any visible chord of con nection. But thcro is a River in Maccdon and a river in Monmouth, and the Nonconformist conscience can seo more, aod much further, through a ladder than is possible to ordinary vision. Lord Kmiibery'sioUcr-bax Is filled morn, noon, and night by letters reasoning him on tho Hitnation. Old ladies send him tracts, heavily underscoring lines which point towards tho inevitable destination of men who dally on tho racecourse. Speaking on tho 4lh Juno at Eton, where ho was tho guest of tho day, Lord Rose hcry was goaded into retort u|.on ono of Iiir correspondents. It was tho secretary of tho auti-gainbling society who put tho question simply in the form of asking whether ho was not ashamed of himself.to be known ns the ownor of Ladns. " I feel no voBtigoofshnmo," said Lord Rosobcry, " in possessing a good horse." Eton vociferously applauded tho eontimant. But Eton isn't everybody, and the Nonconformist conscience controls a good many votes. This protest, tho importance of which it would bo foolish to undervalue, serves to show how fashions hajre changed sinco Lonl Pahnoreton occupied tho jtost in tho Ministry now filled by Lord Roscbery. There is no doubt that Lord Palmerston's connection with tho turf was a dis tinct and effective element in his popa'arity. It was in his time that tholiouso of Commons first consented to adjonrn over the Derby day, a pro- Kosal emphatically negatived when it was made ist Wednesday. Whon tho Premier, publicly from his placo in Parliament, spoko approvingly of the heroos _ in a famous prize-fight ho still further established his hold on popular feeling. That was only 30 years ago. To day a Minister who spoko in other than terms of condemnation of a prize-fight might as well forthwith retire in publlo life. As Lord Roscbery has discovered, it is quite bad enough to own the horse that wins tho Derby. On Tuesday night last Mr. Pollard's Lillpu- tian Opera Company performed " Erininio " in tho Assembly Rooms to a very fair liouso. The piece was well stoged, and tho acting, and singing of the children evoked hearty applause. Tho Company havo not roceivad hero the patronago it was entitled to, and as Mr. Pollard has a largo company to keep going ho was compelled to cancel his engagements, and they loft for Brisbanci yesterday. Wo feel confident it was tho very cold nights that wo havo Imd of late that prevented tho Toowoomba people from at tending. as thoy always patronise a good com pany, which tho Liliputiaus may certainly bo called. Under vastly improved conditions, in tho matter of light, tho Primitivo Methodist Band of Hopo held their monthly meeting in tho Raff- street Church on Mondny ovening. Tho Presi dent (Rev. A. Stokoo) occupied thu chair. After prayer by Mr- Geo. Abbott, a veteran abstainer, who is veiling berc from Macbay, tho President mode u fow introductory remarks. A very creditablo programme was then gono through, consisting of choruses from Iloylo'a Temperance Melodist, in which tho whole congregation heartily joinod ; songs, well rendered and well received, by tho Miases E. Cl&rk;, G. Stokoe, and Mr. Roberts, accompanied on tho organ by tho Misses Stokoo and Wilson ; recitations by Misses Nicholls, Barker, Sharpo.etc., highly appreciated; and an address by Mr. Geo. Abbott, in which he showed tcmpcranco work to be of the nature of a fight, and urged those present to learn the art of success by studying points of weakness whore they had Itoen defeated in the past, and by tha Rev. J. Evcritt, of Crow's Nest, showing that tho grotcequo as well as tho tragic effects of tho drinking habit aro fruitful of argunumts for total abstinence. But tho great feuturo of the ovening was a dialogue by nino members of tho Band of Hope, entitled 11 How Tuppcr spent his wages." It is difficult to say which part waB best inter preted. Tliis pleasant and edifying meeting wus closzd with prayer at about 9.30. Tim improved light before referred to no doubt contributed largely to tho success of tho evcuing. Instead of the eleven dim kerosene lamps that in old times yielded exactly sufficient light by which to discern tho darkness, cow tho eight jets of gas light illuminato tho building. This change iius been effected by Messrs. Partridge and Co. of this town. Thu two double lights over the pulpit are obtained by a pretty piece of brazing, Tho burners Uited are said to effect an almost perfect combustion. There ia not a dark corner in tbn building, nod the members and adherents of tho church aro sprakiag In unqualified terms of idtnJralioo of ibis tmprovimsnt, 