fKB TWO COUSINS. ' o PART TIIXBD. CiiAPTiat HI. COXX?XEL VEBXOX. The street lamps were just lit in the EJIvery, luminous d;:s':, of a spring evenhig. A tender youug sickle moon gleamed in tho violet arch, with ono or Swo tremulous stars shining beside it, nnd the soft spring wind cooled tho sultriness of v/hat hr.il beeu tho heat o£ a mid-summer day; aud gazing i.vii& listless,;dreamy ?eye's at'all She tranquil beauty above, at all the stir and bustlo of tho street below.' Arthur TrcTclyan sat afc hie hotel chamber '?window, aud smoked his cigar—Arthur Trevolyivn, who had never gone " up i tho Jfile and down the Niger" with ! his Florcutiuo friend—who had changed his r.iinu at the la3t moment, as ho had sn old trick of doing, and had gone to America instead. 'Lion-hunting and jackal-shooting may be very lively amusement. Cumniing and thoso other fellows say so,* ho said, in his nonchalant way; * but I think it's even livelier out in Canada. I'll take s. trip over there in stead of Central Africa, and see as good gaaio as lions knocked over.' A raonth later ha was on the borders with a hunting party, right in tho heart of tho ludi?n depredations, and if ever he cacao near being escited, and moved out of his constitutional indolence, it was to see how bravely the little bands of Government troops fought agamat tho v/ily and desperate Indians. ' By Jove, it's glorious!' ho cried, his eyes 'kindling with the warrior's fire. ' I almost wish I had been b'.ini a Canadian, tltat I, too, might join in this csciti?g fray. I suppose man possesses, in common with the inferior animals, the blood-thirst, or I never would feel the temptation to join these, dashing cavalrv so stronglv as I do.' Trovclyan. was nearer being ' cursed with curse of an Accomplished prayer* than he dreamed of. Hiding along one day througsi the glowing woods, he managed to ioso himself completely, nor could any effort ot his fiad tho right path. There was neither mortal nor habitation in view, aud he was making up his mind, as the evening closed about him, that ho was destined to spend the night in tho woods, when, mounting a hillock, he beheld in the plains below a duel to tho death going on. A band of Canadian cavalry were encircled by thrice their number of Indians, and were fighting as men only light for their lives, cheered on bv one at their head, whose sword gleamed and flashed and fell aa the sword of the I/iou-Hearted among ijaladia and his Sarsccas. Trevelyan looked but once—then, with a mighty shout aud levelled re volver, he was down like a whirlwind, nnd charged with the weaker aide. It was a deaillv and bitter contest. The little soldfer baud fought with reckless desperation, cheered 0:1 by tkeir leader, a stalwart, magniiicesit looking man, vrho.-e long fair hair streamed in the wind, and whoso blue oyes gler-.raed -.vita the fiery war-light. Side- by side with this leader Treveiyau, fought—fouglit like a very fury. Twice his horse was shot uuder him— i-.vice he sprang upon tho b.ic'?3 of others, whoso riders had fallen in tho r.ialee. Victory hung doubtful long, but as nigbt closed it Muttered to the banner of toe fair- haired oiiicer, and the Indian band, routed aud slaughtered, sled helter- skelter ixito tho woods, and were lost in the deepening night. Tho officer might have borne a charmed liSe, for while bullets whizzed liko hail about him, ho had come through tho sharp ordeal unscathed. Half his little baud lay dead around him, and as 2ie turned to sneak to his unloosed-£or and unknown volunteer, Trevelyan reeled and fell from his saddle like a log, i! >S -I The sunlight of many days after was Hooding the hospital wards with its amber glitter, when tho fever abated arid consciousness returned to Trevelyac. Ho opened his eyes, aud they fell upou .a young, dark", girlish faco—a very pretty £ace^ —bending compas sionately above him. 'What is it?* he asked, faintly. ' Where ara I ? "What has happened r"' ' very unusual, monsieur,' answered his pitjuant-icoking nurse. " You had rather a sharp skirmish, got a bullet through the lungs, and have beeu out of your mind for some time —that £3 all! Mere seratche3, monsieur—nothing to what half tho poor fellows with you got. They tell me you fought well. Very good of you, to bo sure—an Englishman, and a tourist, too! * 'Ah! I remember!' Trevelyan said, faintly. 'Aud the officer who fought so bravely, where is he ?' 'Don't know,' said Ladybird. ' Ilav'n't heard—not his name even ; although he may be in tho city, for he had you brought here. Now, you arc not to talk. Talk's exhausting, and you're ouc or my patients, aud I'm responsible for you. Keep still, and don't fidget yourself. Your oilicer will very likely drop in through the day to see you, i£ he be in Ouebee.' Which he did. A tall'aud soldierly looking personage, who announced himself ;is Captain Vernou, and who heartily thanked Trevelyan for his ; timely succour in the fight. ? 'It was :i close thing,' ho said. 'You came in the nick of time. I wish we had you for good, ilr Tro . Tolyan; but that is not to be hoped for. We arc in Quebec now, you know. "Will you remain here, or do you particularly wish to be removed to your hoti-1 r I rather fear there is CO choice, hoivcver.* ' I will remain,* Trevelyan answered. ' My very pretty little nurse tells me in" Tvouuds are ' mere scratches/ and she intends to bo 'responsible , for me As there is nothing half so good- look-. iag r.t the- hotel, 1 will uiay iu any case where I run. , " . " Capstain Vornon laughed. ? ' So your nurse is young and pretty, is she ? Very unwise iii the powers -that be ! Instead of allaying fevers, yoitug aud pretty nurses will create tiietn. I :'ra not .Isiehy enough I to know siuytliJHg from experience; I my tj:no Ims always been spent'.in camp find in the- field—r- not" 'in hospital.' - "And you call. that unlucky? !By Jove, I -envy you! What a gloriously exciting life yours must; bo! Arc you bullet-proof, Captain Vcrnon ? or have you hidden nxmonr tinder your blue. and brass, that you passed through thoso hail-storms of bullets xiu- Ecmtcbed?' [ Captain "Vcrnon laughed again. S 'They say so, at least. My luck I hitherto has been marvellous—-that of my whole company, in fact. They call us, you know, the ' Devil's Own * —suggestive, ch ? Well, I am more thaufeful that your gallant conduct in that fight did not cost you even dearer thau it has. Bod enough, of course; but 'pon my life, 1 thought these ] devilish Indiana hail finished you for j good. I shouMn't leave Quebec now j with, ft clear conscience if I didn't leavo you in such safe hands.* ' Ton leave, then ?' said Trovclyau, with some regret. Ho liked the gallant officer who rtad fought so splendidly, and who looked with such frank, genial eyes. ' Immediately. The ' lievil's Own' are never ko happy as whou in field or fray. They liko lighting, 1 believe, for fighting's take. There's 2. little of the tiger in the best of us, once we smell blood. l'arewell, IslrTrcvelynsi! X mav return again before you 1c2.r0. Meantime, don't fail in lave with your pretty nurse.' The two men parted with real regret, slight as their acquaintance had been. Captain Vcrnon went "West to his ominously-named regiment, and Xre velyan remained under the absolute government of MadenioisclleXadybird, in the greater peril of the two, far nnd away. As the days strung themselves into weeks ho lingered still, convalescent to bo sure, but not at all auxious to leave. His bright little uurso rend to him, talked to him, aud san? for him, it the fancy took her, aud nursed liini with the tenderest care, and—lost her heart incontinently. Xrovelyau left the hospital oxiito restored, and went back to his old quarters. He did not leave the city. It was very pleasant there, and lisdy bird was the bewitching little actress ot" the season. And the winter went by, aud the sis months' probation was at an cud, and eiill the betrothed of .Lady Isabel Tyrone lingered in thqsa pleasant pastures. Why, he could hardly have told you himself. lie felt in- I iinilely content there, and the proud, serene face of his bride-elect very rarely troubled his dreams. So on tsits spring niglit, when ha should have beers at licr feet imploring her to fix their wedding-day, he sat at the window in the hotel, aud staoked his cheroot, and s.v.v Ladybird's big, black, i'asliiug eyes athwart the drifticg wreaths o£ smoke. There was itia discreet ta;> of a waiter at the door. Then it opened, and Trevclyan glanced lazily over Him shoulder. ' A gentleman iuquiring for you, sir —an oKcer—Colonel Veruon, or tho th.' ' Vcrnon—at last! Light the gas, Thomas, and show him up at ouce.' The servant obeyed. I'ive minutes latter, and there entered, with the unmistakable cavalry swing, Colonel Veraon, of the * Devil's Own.' The two men grasped sauds trstu as cordial a pressure as though thev had been old friends. Some trsesnaeric sympathy bound t!:era 1:1 warm liking at once. ' At last '* Trevelyan repeated, i ' -My dear colonel, I am delighted to \ meet you agaiu I So they have given j you two or three steps since 1 saw j you last? Well, no man better ! deserved it, if the glowing accounts i tho newspapers give or yonr exploits bo half true. And you have been dangerously wounded, too. Your life left you for once. You look scarcely i : .t to bo abroad yet.' lie ivas a very tall, very fair man, this Colonel Veraon, with chestnut hair, and beard and moustache of tawny gold. The face at Trevelyan looked, thin and bloodless from recent illness, was, with all its pallor, siugularly baudsonie, and tho blue eyes were largo and beautiful as a woman's. ' I have but just arrived," ho said seating liimself by tho open window. ' On the invalid list yet. It will be weeks, months, they tell me, before I am fit for duty again. That is the worst of it. I confess it was some hope of finding you here still that induced me to return to Quebec, and yet I was surprised when 1 found my hope realized. Has our charming . little hospital nurse anything to do with it?' He smiled as he asked the question, antl the smile lit up his frank, fair face with rare light and beauty. Smiles were not very frequent visitors there. The general expression of that hand some countenance was a. grave weariness—a worn, tired look. Those azure 03x3 that Hashed with the soldier's tire so brightly iii the lieat of the fray had a haggard mistiness always in repose. ' Well, I don't know,' Trevelyan made answer, winciug a- littls at the homo thrust; 'perhaps she has. X should have been in England three weeks ago, that is certain. However, all delay must end uow—l leave by tho next steamer. Jly father-in-law ek-cfc hab had a stroke of paralysis, and' lies dangerously ill. I can't say his ?lordship has a particularly deop hold upon my affections; but I suppose, in common decency r. fellow eaovad be on the spot.' , - 'To console tho fcir betrothed, most certainly. So you r.rc to bo con grr.tulr.ted? The lady is a compatriot, of course ?' . ? ?& ' Yes—no-M.bai is— 'van my life I don't know vhether she is ornoi. An Irish father r.nd a Spanish inoUicr— Arragou for' a birthplace. What do -you ni:<.l;o of that.?* Colonel Veruon was cojpged in lighting a . cigar. lie ceased tho occupation suddenly, .and looked his companion full in tlicfaco. ' Aa Irish father and a Spanish mother!' be repeated, slowly; * rather an -unusual combination, is it not ? Might one ask the lady's namo ?' 'Oh, certainly, Lady Isn.be! Tyrone —otherwise poetically,' Tho Fiowcr of Arrapton.?-' Colonel Vcrnon turnedslowly- away, and quietly and deliberately lit his cigar. . ' I have heard that namo before," he said; 're- adit, I fancy, in the JSlorn ing Post. Only daughter, is she not, of the earl of iismore?' Trcvelyan nodded, looking oat o£ the window. In tho clear light below ho saw Ladybird, the actress, pass at the moment, with iho old Frenchwoman, who lived . with" her aud ' played, proprioty.' ' And so you arc to marry her ?' the American officer slowly said, puffing at ?? hie cigar. ? Sho is rarely lovely, of j course! I saw the full account oi her ; presentation at Court a year ago—her beauty, her took fully hair a colurau of tho Morning J?ost to themselves. And you are tho fortunate I inr.n * Pcrr.iit me to congratulate you, i Mr Troyciyan. Sho is r. great heiress n? well as a great beauty, is sho not? i What a wonderfully lucky follow you i ar£ !' ' * Why, yes, I am rather fortunate, j Best blood of Ireland and Spain— perfect beauty, perfect grace, and as ; you say, heiress of a. noblo. fortune. ] The Tyroncs were as poor as church ! mice until the Spanish alliance filled their coffera with doubloons. Yes the chosen of my I.ady Isabel should con sider hitaselfc" n most fortunate man.' Colonel Vernon removed his cigar, :md looked thoughtfully at his com panion. He was very pale—paler even than when he entered —mid his oyes gleamed with a- very unwonted light. He looked at tho man before him, seated negligently in his arm chair, his head thrown back, the gas light full on his handsome, indolent, fair English face. 'Ho should, bat Mr Trcvelyan doC3 not. You are not particularly ecstatic over it; though, to be ecstatic.. over anything, is dead against all the creeds of your order. Tour Lord of Lismore is one of the cleverest peers of the realm.* * fJo ho is—fearfully and wonder fully versed in politics—power tho dream of his life—ambition his god. And yet, ha might hare wedded his daughter to i: duke, and didn't. , * You are a. favourite of hi3, it would seem ?' 'Well—no—not that cither. lie and the governor !ire a ir.cdem middle aged Damon a:id Pythias, and deeply itnbued with the notion of uniting the houses of Tyrone and Treveiyau. And, like dutiful children, my lady and I bowed and yielded at once. ' Honour thy father, etc' We are very deeply iu love with each other, of course, in a gentlemanly and ladylilcd sort of way, Vcrnon.' taking au easier position in his arm-chair. ? suppose you como to England nest week and be present at the nuptials ? It's rather a trial of nerve, they say, that sort of thing. Have you ever attempted it ?' He asked tho question with lazy curiosity. This mau interested him, somehow, more than any stranger he had ever met. 'Have I ever attempted it? Mhrrriage, do you 3ueaa? Well, yes J* 'Then, in, common sympathy with a fellow martyr, you will accompany me. and see me safe'y through the ordeal ? Seriously, my dear follow, I wish you would. I don't want to part companv so noon, and I should very much like to present you to the lady Isabel Tre velyan that is to be." A faint ilush came over the pale face oE the cavalry officer. His blua eyes glowed for a. moment, then the light faded and left him very pp.Je. " Thanks—it would be n pleasure, no doubt; out-no; —my work 13 here, aud here I stay.' 'And yet—pardon me—England is your home—jour birth-place ?' ' You tbiuk so? .No—you mistake— I am no Englishman.' "?''.. * You arc no American, then, what whatcve'r your nationality. However," I won't bo impertinently.inquisitive, aud I can only deeply regret your re fusal. And now—apropos of nothing —I am due at ihe theatre ? to night. Ladybird plays,. Will you. come? Very well worth seeing" I assuro you.' Vernon looked for a moment as though about to refuse ; but, with tho gentle temper that was habitual to the man, ho arose with a certain weariness. ' Ifc is so long sines I have been present at anything of that sort that I fear I sha I fail to appreciate even your favourite actress. However, as well there as elsewhere, so lead on—l follow.' They left tlie hotel together, aud sauntered through tho shimmering dusk to the theatre. The Canadian officer was very grave and silent—the Englishman talked languidly, but he, too, was not especially briifiant. Ho was thinking hou- soon Ladybird would be a drcaui of tho past, and the ilasl. iug black orbs of the actress exchanged for tho proud, serene eyes of the carl's daughter. Thinking it, too, with some thing nigh akin to a pang oE regret. . Tho house was crowded ; ifc always was when ladybird played. The two mnde their way to the Englishman's invariable box as tho curtain fell on the recoad scene. It was in the third the pefc o£ tbc playgoers appor.red, r;ud as she bounded lightly beiorc them, ?? little Amazon quooD, in cearlet cap r.ufi Turkish trousers, the black eyes afire, the cheeks bright with rouge or eolour, the rosy lips dimpled with smiles, a perfect btoria of ?pj>lai:Ee resounded through the place. Sho was so beautiful, so sparkling, f.o piquant, and slio played so* well—ju her audacious dress, and \?ith her saucy glances, k2io was tho idol c£ the hoar. 'What do you think of her?' Tre velyan asked his companion, care lessly ; ' bewitching, eb. ? Too young and pretty and clever, I think, for tho life sho has ehoscn.* There was no reply; surprised a little, ho glanced around. Colonel Vcrnon sat like a man turned to stone —petrified with somo unutterable amaze—staring aghast at the brilliaut little soldier queen. There was an absolute horror in his pallid face and dilated eyes. * My dear fellow for heaven's sake, ?what is it ? Have you seen tho Gorgon's ier.d, that you ait thcro turning to stone? . But Vernon never answered —that thrall of horror or amaze held him fast. Trcvelyan took him by the arm. 'Wake ap, Vcrnon! What the deuce ails you ?' ~ Tho cavalry officer turned his cyc; -? nlov/ly from the sparkling vision abl-iso in ifso gaslight, and looked at his interrogator. ' Good heavens!' he said, in a hushed, hoarse voice; ' it 13 Julio Noirrey !' 'JNoirrey?* Trevelyan repeated. "So that is her name is it, at last? 'We.all knew her as Xadybird, but until ? no~ her real suuno was a I mystery. So bsjo is .1 Canadionuo, after all! 1 might hr.ve been sure of it, with those long, almond-shaped black eyes. , . ; But "Vornort never heard him. His gaze had gone back to the audacious little Amazon queen, so brilliant and so bright, before him. ?? It must bo the child, , ho said, in the same hushed voice; "but, great heavens! how liko her mother!' ' Oho !" exclaimed Trcvelyan, ' no you kiietv her mother iny friend! .Xow for .Ladybird's history at last! lieally, this grows interesting— mysterious as a sensation novel! And you know tho mother of the pretty Ladybird ? Make a clean breast of tho whole thing, dear boy. , * Knew hsr mother ?* Vcrnon repeated* blankly. * Yes. Good heavens! it is like seeing a gho:-st ] She is tho living image of Julie Nbirrey, aa I saw her first, IS years ago. My poor Julio 3' Tour poor Julie !* repeated Arthur Trevelyan, glancing nt him with his indolent eyes. ' And this is poor Julie's ciiild! Now, xsha the dence, Colonel Vcrnon, was liadybird's father?' 'Trerelyan, , exclaimed the soldier, paying no heed to ihs word he uttered, ' do you kszoiY hep ? Can I see her? I insist cos her, anil to- night!' ' Quito impossible, nay dear sir— not to bo thought of! Ladybird. grauS an aadiesica to the wouldn't iiinperor of all the Xusslas after 1O at night.' 'Then I v.-ill send her a note. I tell you I must, and at once. , ' Do, by all means, it you find ifc the slightest relief. It -.vill serve to light the manager's cigar. He has orders j to burn, unopened, all letters" left for j .Ladybird behind the scenes. You see, ] ray dear fellow, I kuow from painful j experience.' Vernon looked at him earnestly. Ho was strangely and deeply moved out of the stern calm thai had grown I second nature from long habit. I Even no'.v the momentary excitement I was passing, off, and tho outward quietude returning. . ? .' "I regret that—no, I -Jo not— -1 am I glad she is so discreet. I can see her to-morrow, I suppose, and to-njorrow j-will do. -Meantime, 3lr Trsvelyan, .will you tell me all you know of—Jib ; glanced at his bill—' the Ladybird ?* ! ' Undoubtedly—that all be'ng very little. She £3 the Ladybird ; and is of JPrenca , extraction—Canadian, i'reuch of course. She is a charming actress. She JSj only 17 years old, and as good as ' sho is pretty. - She has an old I'renchwomaa living; with her, going whithersoever she goes— : a Madame Sanchey—a very dragon of propriety and all.tho virtues. I have not heard a breath. againsS the character of. the little queen. She has no lovers—will not listen to a word, though her adorers are. legion. Her charities are numberless. She gives with both hands, aud the sick in tho hospitals here look upon her as au angel of light. So sho is—to them. That is the history of Ladybird. , There was a very unwonted earnest ness in his face aud voice as ho spoke. The bright littlo actress had 3 fir deeper hold upon him than ho knew. ? 'Thank you,' Colonel Vcrnon auswercd, in a- suppressed voice; and under his beard the keen ear beside him heard a fervent ' Thank heaveu ?' ; ' And now, mon colonel, , Treveiyau asked, coolly,' ono good turn deserves I another. I have given you Ladybird's I history—made you acquainted with all appertaining to her that I know, i Now, my dear fellow, what is ahe to I you?' The blue eyes turned full aud grave upon him. The calm voice answered, slowly and quietly— ' She is my daughter !* CitArxEtt IV. FATirea asd ix>vxn. Little Ladybird, with a wholesome hcrror of hotels and boarding houses for 3Uch bewitching fairies as herself, had a. tiny bijou of a furnished ccttago in of. the quietest streets of the city. A little doll- house, snowy white, with a scrap of garden In front, t>7o lilac bushes its only_ vegtation, r? inircic jwriournnd dining-room, nnd kitchen r.ad chambers. Kcrc \v:t?j s&:dsrnc Sauehey, her ' eae-ep-dog,' r, njckl of r.H work, of tho taosfc aiminutivc proportion:?, to tcr.teh the establish ment, her cansrieo, her big Canadian wolf-hound, Lion, her books nnd hec_ piano, Ladybird dwelt in her fairy ciialcau and entertained her friends. They wore not many—tho littlo netrcea mr.do few iatimn.cie.v. Oiso or two o£ acr female theatrical aenssmiaiices, {.lie manager, a few o£ her convalescent hospital pr.ticuts, h-o~ ssrcsEtaaiicr, her music teacher —these were, tho chief. Thcro were very many callers, very many cards loft—dashiugyoung goatlc inen dro\\-e up to tho little front door br tho dozen; but Madame Sanchoy's shrewd, brown nutcracker face, always imperturtably good-humoured, barred the entrance, and lnadamo's French cherry voice piped to these gay Lotharios ever but one refrain— 'Slarn'selle is not at homo monsieur. , Mr Arthur Tievelyan eonld have told you all about it—he had been there, you see, more than onco or twice or two dozen times; but mademoiselle was never at home, although her laugh ing, roguish face conld bo seen sparkling behind the lace curtains. In a low rocker, in her toy parlour, eho lay back now, the bright morning auuhght streaming in between tho curtains on the delicate carpet, her pretty, soft curls, bo black, so silky, pushed from her temples, the morning paper Jying idly on her lap. It was a cozy little room, with its profusion of books and birds aud flowers and pictures. Lion lay crouched afc her feet, looking up with big, I.T/.y, loving eye?, at the pretty childish face of his mistress. A fine and costly piano half nlled tho room—Ladybird practiced assiduously—sho played brilliantly and 6ang delightfully—rnasie was with her a passion. It was still not ten, but Ladybird had been out, and in her street dress of black silk, a xvhito band and a knot of rosy ribbon at her throat, she looked as much like a little nun as the dashing queen of last night. ' Is it true,' sho was musing, with a very thoughtful brow, ' or but a rumour, that ho goes next wool: ? Ho was in his usual pl.ico last night, but he throw mo no flowers. I wish— 1 wish—l wish I had never seen hia face. How happy I used to be, and now—ah, bah—and now I'm a little fool. , Sho opened the paper impatiently, glauced over its items, and was arrested in fivo minutes by one brief paragraph. 'Tho many friends of Mr Arthur Trcvelyau will regret his specdy departure for his native land. Ho leaves cost Thursday, in tho Causdin- , That was all. The paper dropped in Ladybird's lap, and sho sat staring blankly at the Sreless, old-fashioned grate. It was true, then—he was really going—going to her—going to his bride and his bridal. She safe for nearly an hour quite stili, a little paler than her wont, but otherwise unmoved. Then, drawing out her watch, and Feeing tho hour, she rose, with a long, shivering bro-ilh, and rang the bell. 3L-i! ! aae Sanchey, ?.vita her arovra, ever-srailitig face, appeared. * Mademoiselle rang?' ' Yea, mictamo. If Monsieur Trc volyiin —you kiioirhiin,! thiuk ?—calls to-day, admit him.' She turned away, opened her piano, and, sitti"g do-.vu, played bravely and brilliantly for nearly another hour. Suddenly, through the storm o f melody, she heard the ting-a-ling o£ the door bell. * Ah !* sho said, tvith another long breath, 'at last! . The parlour door opened. It was Jladame. Sanchey, with a card aud a puzzled face. " It is not 3lr Trevelyan, my dear— ifc is a grand, tall gentleman, pale aad handsome, and military aad <!isfi;ijuc. ? He haa never been hero before, aud he bade me givo you this. He must see you, ne says. , ' Most!' Ladybird arooe, statelily, frora the piano. ' Mast I —givo mo the card.' Sho took it, glanced at the name, aud turned whits as death. For the name was ' Eegiaaid Vernon,' and in pencil vras written, * I saw you last night. You are Julie Noirreys. You I know who I aa For your dead j mother's sake, I conjure you to see me.' For her dead mother's sake! Had some magnetic witchery tvll him that that was the only adjuration sha would not scornfully refuse? She siood-withe the card in her hand, cold aud white. 'Tho gentleman waits, my child,* madame said, puzzled by her changing face; " shall I go and scud him away ?' Ladybird looked up. Her heart, that seemed to have stopped beating for an instaut, seut tho blood suddenly surging back to her face. She reared her stately little head erect, her lips, compressed, her eyes ominously sparkling aud bright. ' No. Show the geutlcmau in at once." ! Madame, considerable surprised, left the room to obey. Ladybird j ntood by the window, the card between ; her fingers, haughty as a young' duchcs3. Au instant later, and the tall, etalvrarfc form of Colonel Veroou towered iu the dcorsvay, which ho had to stoop his head to pass. And father and daughter stood face to face for the fir3fc time. Hβ was quite white with suppressed feeling—she erect, ; superb, defiant! And ifc was her clear ringing voico that first spoke— 'Colonel Vernon does mo an un expected honour! I knew ho was in Quebec, but I hardly thought ho would earo to see me.' ! ' You. kusw, then, who I W33 ?' 1 'Why, yc3, taonsieur,' Ladybird I said, carelessly; 'I suspected, I ? thought that Colonel Ilcginald Vcnioc might bo ilio Kcginuld "\ r ernon, who drove hie wife and child sway frots hiin 17 years r-go. jL'hsi; V7as rather a dastardly act, r.lthough thoy nay Colonel Vcriioa figlits well; but physical prov/e3S ie oftea a viilian'e .'virtue! , ' You knew me!' lie repeated, elowly, jwyinjf no heed to her stinging words. ' You knew.l was here—you knew I t.'rs your fr-thor, and yet * Xotdybird brolrc into a J.iuga— s, lov,', bitter, derisive laugh. - 'What Vt- ould monsieur havo? Was I to go £0 yon, to iliag tay nrma round your sucet; to cry out, as we do 011 the stage, 'My long-lost father, behold your child!' So dovoted a husband—so tender n. parent—surely deserved no less! I have been cruelly ixugratcful, Imvc I not,'Sl. le Colonel? And you very probahlj' eaoo here to chido mo for my unfilial disrespect!' 'My child, how bitter you are! AVas it your mother taught you this ?' *Sly mother!* .Ladybird eaid, her mocking face turning upon him, flushed and passonate. 'My mother is an angel, and you are a demon! You dr.xe to tako her Maine on your lips—yon, who broke her heart, who drove her from j'ou by your cruelty and neglect, who left her to starve, or beg, or die, as she choso, with her child ! "Eou dare to conio face to fnco with that child, grown a wotnr.a, and ask if her mother taught her to iiato you! My mother was an angel, whoso only fault was when she stooped to Jove you! Sho never taught 1110 to hate you! ISTo; despite her deep and deadly wrongs, she loved you, dastard aud ingrate, to tho last! With her dying breath she forgave you—as I never shall!' The impetuous volco stopped, cijo!:ed by hor own pnsoicn. pacing tivo ami fro now, liko s 'itt:3 Pythoness, her eyes dashing, her cheeks aflame. Colonel Vernou, leaning lightly on the feck of an arm-chair, listened in regretful silence to tho will torrent o£ reproach. *My child,* he said, very gently, when she ceased, ' you do mo less than justice. You have n brave and generous heart, they tell me, aud the brave and generous should bo just. If your dead moiher stood here before sue, I do not think she souid say I over wilfully wronged her in word or deed in my life. , ' So,' Ladybird said, bitterly : ' oh, 110, 31. lo Version! You were too courteous a gentleman, too grand a seigneur, to uso. brute force to a woman. You only married her, and broke lier heart with merciless cold ness. You were only chillingly dis dainful, aad away up in the clouds above, your bourgeois bride, or back with tho lady you loved asid left in your native land. You O!jly drove acr mad with vain love and jealousy, and when she left you —let her go!*" '.Ladybird,' he said, ' :ny daughter!* And at the word, uttsred in that deep, ineiotjious voice, the girl's face flushed, and her passionate. heart Ihrobbed. ' Will you not try and believe me? As heaven hears and will judge me, I never know your mother was jenlojia —I never gave her causa to bo so. xrons the nour she bccr,:ae rnv wife, I strove my best to snake her happy.' If I failed—a:sd I did fail, is seems—it vr.-.s because oars t.\is an ill-assorted union—tho mingling of and ice. "When she Sled from rue—for no cause, I solemnly swear, $5 at I ever knew—l pursued, and strove to 2nd her in vain. £ continued tho search for mouths, and only gave it up when the con viction forced itself upon mo that she had died a suicide's death. I remained with her parents whilst they lived, and, For her sake, was to them as a son. You say she was jealous. That was impossible. Ido not think there was a woman in Montreal of whom she could be jealous that I knciv even by name.' 'In Montreal!' Ladybird said, scornfully; 'who said in "Montreal? 2?o, my JjotA Terence Tyrone! she was jealoue of no woman in Jlontreal. Her rival was tho—Lady Elvira." (_To Ire continued.) 