THE DAY OF REST. TRUE MANHOOD. By Ven.F. W. Farrab, D.D., Archdeaoon of Westminster. rrcacnca in Watmin$Ur Abbey, Sunday, July 29. "Quit yon like men; be strong."—1 Cor. xri. is. It is not unnatural that on this Sunday in the year my words should hare some referenoe to the boys of our anoipnt, historio school, and in general to toe younger members ot this con gregation, though I truet they may not be entirely without value to others who hear them. The Bible is essentially a manly book! and the words, "Quit you like men; be strong," are but the energetio summing up of its repeated exhortations. " Be strong" iB the advioe of Moses to Joshua, "and of good oourage." " Be strong, and show thyself a man,".said the dying David to his soo. "Say to them that are of a Fearful heart, Be strong, fear not," sang Isaiah. "Be strong, O Zerub babel ? be strong, O Joshua; be strong all ye people of the land, and work," is tho message of the prophet Haggai. " Be strong in the Lord, said St. Paul to the Epheeiane. "Thou, therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Ohrist Jesus," is one of bis messages to Timothy. " I write unto you, young men," says St. John, " beoause ye are strong." Be manly 1 be strong. But what is manliness, and wherein does strength oonsiet ? My friends, you will never have taken even the first step towards a true estimate of that question unless yon estimate wherein the nature of man ooueists. And here no one oan for praotical purposes get beyond the tripartite division of St. Paul— meu oonsiet of body, bouI, and spirit. At these elements let us for a moment glance. We have bodies. The body is but the mortal instrument which we use during our transi tory passage through life. You remember that the troubled Prince in tho great tragedy signs himself, " This machine whioh is to me Hamlet." But the body is more than a machine. It has two aspects. Oail it "the flesh," and we mean thereby the lower inetincts of our nature, which wo have in common with the animals: call it "the temple of the Holy Ghost, "and we mean that it should he the habitation of the Spirit of Christ. Dust, indeed ; yet dust translucent with the divine life within. And again, we have souls. The soul is the seat of the paBsions and emotions and pride, with all their train of kindred impulses. That part of our being, also, may be degraded and perverted until the man is like an evil spirit, fulfilling the desireB of the mind, worldly, selfish, having no hope, and without God in the world. On the other hand, tho soul may be pure and transparent as crystal, active as fire, unselfish as a ministering spirit, sweet and tender as graoe, strong, generous, endu ring as the hearts of martyrs, the seat of every eUDobling aspiration, the picture gallery of every beautiful memory, the nurse of every inspiring thought. We have bodies, then; we have souls; but we are spirits. The spirit is the highest and truly divine part of our nature—that by which we hold communion with God and become one with Him. " The dpirit itself beareth witness with onr spirit that we are children of God, children of God and joint boirs with Christ, if so be that we suffer with Him, that we may be also glorified together." The spirit, then, is the highest part of our nature, and it is the eternal law of nature, no less than of Scripture, that " he who walketh after the flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption, but be who walketh after the Spirit shall of the spirit reap eternal life." MAN, THE PARADOX. And hero you have tho explanation at once of all tho paradoxes about man and about human nature, of which all literature iB full. How poor, how rioh, how abjnot, how august, how complicate, how wonderful isman ; help less, immortal ; iuseot, infinite; wortn, a God 1 "What a ohimera and chaos is man," says Pascal, '•glory and shame of the universe. If he exalt himself I abase him ; if he humble himself, I raise him up." Pope says— Sole judge of truth in endless errors hurled. The glory, jest, and riddle of the woild. How are we to reconcile these antitheses • They are easily reconoiied. Eaoh one of us is as great as ho is in God'esight, and nogreater. Bet a man sink himself into animalism, and he is a beast—nay mora, rather lesB. Let him riso on the wings of faith and hope, of purity, and kindness, to the grandeur of biB privileges —" I have said, ye are gods, and ye are all the children of the Highest." To be a man in this sense is to be but a little lower than the angels, crowned with glory and honour. The old Greeks eaid, " How graoious a thing is man if he odIv be a man." Alas ! it is none so easy to be a man, a true, right man, when the world and the devil and the flesh surround and eneaare us with their alluring sorceries. This height cannot be obtained but by stern aud resolute olimbing. These evil passions oannot be made to yield but by a strong will, the servant of a tender conscience. " These evil spiritB go not forth but by prayer and fast ing." But if he alone is a true man who thus lives aooording to the Spirit, and not he who fulfills the desires of the flesh and of the mind, at what is eueh a man to aim ? Do you think that the answer I shall give you iB only the answer of Soripture or the answer of religion 1 Nay, it is the unanimous nnBwer also of soience and oommon-aenee, of Pagan philo sophy, of all the experience of all the world. We think, and rightly think, a great deal in these days of the teachings of eoience. Well, the teaohings of science is in this matter in exact _ aocord with the teacliings of Scripture. Soienoe says the body is defaced, effeminated, sickened by self indulgence. Scripture Bays, "If any man defile the Temple of God, him will God destroy." Science agrees with pagan philo sophy in summing up the rule of life in two words—endure, abstain. Give up 1 Ohrist says, " If ar>y man will be My disciple, let him deny himself." AgaiD, if you will read any of the noblest treatises of moral thought, either ancient or modern, Pagan or Christian, you will find there also that they are all one on this matter. Turn, for instance, to the famous Ethioa of Aristotle, and he will teaoh yon that happi ness has an energy in aooordanoe with virtue, aud that perfect virtus is the supreme good of man. Aristotle eays that the charaoter of the perfect man must bs daveloped outof the two oardinal virtues of manliness aud self mastery. Tbe Scripture says—Be temperate iu all things. " Quit you like men ; be strong." And tbe experience of the world oonfirms the same. Take all thereoords, all the biographies in the world, and in them, too, you will find as the invariable lesson that " the wages of sin is death," and that to loss tbe life for Christ's sake is to find it. FATAL ERRORS OF TOOTH. Now in youth we are all liable to fatal errors—liable all our lives long, but in youth espeoially—bb to the nature of manliness. These errors belong to the childish things which St. Paul bids us lay aside when we become meu, and of whioh Aristotle says that we apply the name of intemperance to boyish faults. Youths, for instanoe, very frequently oonfuee manliness with its very opposite, namely, with preoooity in vioe whioh, like the* of the Prodigal, has. exohanged the easy . burden of Ohrist and the blessed freedom of righteousness tor the des- : troying slavery of sin. "Couth sees a strong, hot-blooded Esau, never, looking beyond the moment, letting nothing stand in the way of his unbridled passions; it sees Absolom, beautiful and bad, living only for sense and for self; and it oonsiders suoh oharaoters ; manly, I have often seen youths at school, and wherever youths are assembled, the idols and'popularheroes, talked of as "suoh fine, manly fellows," bora upon thBir foreheads the marks of extravaganoe, excessive dovotionto _ amusements, desultory aims, shallow attain " merits, unbridled impulses ! Yet these quali ties, so far from being manly, are the reverse of manly. Thoy show weakness whiob, on any standard above that of the animal, are softness and effeminanuy, not the qualities of a man. ' And I have seen others win as purely an admiration for such base qualities as wealth, insolenoe, a spirit of csontemptuous ness, an overbearing manner, a prosperously exaggerated sense of their individual impor tance ; but even the pagan will tell you that these are the qualities not of manliness, hat of braggadooio and pride, and what St. John oallstheswagger,thegasoonade, the braggart vaunt of life. And yet of what infinite importance is true manliness 1 Many and dark are the problems of the future and of England, and if the com ing generation is to be saved from them we want men. Men, not systems, fit and wise; Not Faiths, with rigid eyes. Not wealth on mountains piled. Not power with gracious smile; Wanted, men I Wanted, deeds 1 Not words ot mincing note, Not thoughts from life remote. Not fond religious airs, Not sweetly languid prayers, Not lore of scented creeds. Wanted, deeds I Men and deedBt Men that can dare and do. Not longing for the new, Not pra< itiR of the old. Ooodlife and action bold; These the occasion needs Men and deeds! WHAT IS MANLINESS? "Quit you like men; be strong." What, theD, is manliness? All that it is I oannob tell you, but let me try to give some few notes of it. First, it ib Belf-respeot. I need hardly warn you that eelf-respeob has no analogy to pride, or to the wretched vulgar ape of pride whioh is self-oouoeit. I oannot express to you better what self-respect is than in a passage whioh I have always regarded as the noblest in English literature. "If, "says John Milton, "the love of God, as a fire sent down from heaven to be ever kept alive upon the altars of our hearts, be the first principle of all godly and virtuouB actions iu men, then thiB pious and just honouring of ourselves is the eeoond. Something I oonfeae it is to be BBbamed of ill-doing in tbe presenoe of any, but this is still tbe fear of infamy; bub be that holde himself in reverenoe and due esteem for the dignity of God's image upon him, and the price of hie redemption whioh he thinks is visibly marked upon his fore head, aooouuts himself a fit pereon to do tbe noblest and godliest deeds, and muoh better Worth than to deject ana defile with suoh a debasement and pollution as sin, himself so highly ransomed and ennobled to a new friendship and filial relation with God. Nor oan he fear so muoh the offenoe and reproach of others as he dreads aud would blush at the refleotion of his own severe and modest eye upon himself if it should see him doing or imagining that whioh is sinful, though in the deepest secrecy." And next to eelf-reBpect manliness is resis tance. Tbe true man will not bend like a reed to every passing gust of that insolent ignorance which sometimes iu the light headedness of nations arrogates to itself the name of publio opinion. He will not swim wi th the stream either in the Church or in the State, but will strike out against the fiercest waves. He will not spread hiB sail to the soft breeze of flattery ana eelf-interest, but even when menaced with shipwrook will oppose hie constancy and his convictions to tbe fury of the storm. At sohool and at college, in hiB regiment and in hie profession, the unmanly youth will always follow the multitude to do evil. He will be a refleotion, not a reality. He will be an eoho, not a voice. If betting and gambling are tbe order of tbe day be will bet aud gamble, aud plunge into that guilty and ruinous exoitement rather than have the courage to say " No." If he bs thrown in an atmosphere of vulgar rowdyism he will be Vulgarly rowdy; if drink and lawlessness are thought fine qualities by fools, suoh a youth will drink and be lawless; if vioe and impu rity have innooulated hie house or his school with the virus of their plague, he will be vioious among the vioious, and impuro among the impure. But the manly youth, unmoved amid kurriaanea of bats and ridioule, tbe tri bute which vioe always psyB to virtue, will, as I have known him do, always break through like oobwebs the trammels of false ouetom; will front the guilty compliance with a eturdy "No!" will uphold the dignity of Christian duty; will riSB Buperior to debasing examples; will follow his oonaoienos as the supreme guide; will bo moderate among tbe extrava gant, temperate among the drunken, and chaste and pure amid a tainted society; will raise the eternal protest of tempted innocence, "How oan I do this great wiokedneae and am against God ?" RESISTANCE. On a tower in the foush of France, Marie Durand, who was imprisoned for forty years because she would not abandon tbe Reformed Faith, has oarved as the lesson of her life and of her long martyrdom the one word, "Resist." It u a noble and a pregnant motto. Resist the temptations to be idle, self-indulgent, vioious, and all the more if those around you are so. Resist the preju "■ dioes and the littleness of your own profession orBohoolor party; resist the temptations of the impulses of your lower nature; and so far from being weakened by the struggle, the strength and fire of the conquered temptation shall be to you an added element of force, even as the Indian warrior believes that the strength of his vanquished enemy passes into his own right arm. Resist difficulties 1 Show that you have some iron in you, and are npt all of straw! " Resist the devil, and he will flee from you." Is therb a lion in your path, then stride apon it, aword in hand, and Btrike. at it, whether you elay H or it slay you. The greatest men the world have seen nave never bBen eleekly prosperous, faoing both ways, 'making leagues with death and covenants with hell, answering the multitude according to their idols; they have been strong fighters, terrible toilers; they have been tamers of monsters* tramplers upon dragons; they have told corrupt Churches that they lie, they have told wioked kings that they lie, and they have emitten wioked multitudes in the face, and told them that they lie; their very martyrdom.has been a death-defying utterance of truth 1 We want much more of this complete disdain of vulgar nodularity; muoh more of the spirit of Phooion, who, when he onoe happened to he j applauded ..in a speech, turned ronnd and asked with astonishment, "Save I said any- 1 thins wrong then?" Whioh do youdesirA— I To be sleekly prosperous or a true man? Whioh do yon desire to do—To get on or to serve God? I toll yon that if in any high sense yon would do the latter, you must often abandon all earthly hopes of the former. He who would be a true man must face unpopu larity and injnatioe; he must endure hardness as a good eoldier of Jeeua Christ; he'must leave the leeks and the fieshpotsof the world's sensuous Egypt behind, and climb God's granite mountains, and bear the wild musio of His desert winds; and through parted, seas and thundering battles follow the pillar of fire before him. I There are . many spurious forms of courage, and that whioh is often most admired is the lowest and poorest, like that of the brutes. The manliest oourage is that whioh rises superior to the fear i of man. Tba manly yonth will have a oertain disdain and impatience of evil, a cer tain violence of truthfulness, a certain impe tuousity of prinoiple, conquering and oombat ing all that is hollow and base and mean. He I will not be at the meroy of a wioked oode of a few silly or depraved companions for a few brief years, at theoost of having to reproach , himself as a fool all the rest of his life. Let no one of yon ever say, "I am too com monplace, too insignificant, too uninflnential to set a good example." The dullest and weakest youth, if he be good, may win an angel's envy and do an angel's work. J Shall I tell yon what two Eton boys did? One, present at the annual sapper at the Christopher at Eton, when, as was the evil oustom in those days, a coarse toast was pro posed, remained seated and turned his glass upside down. That boy was William Ewarl Gladstone. The other/Captain of the Boats, refuted to row if the others swore or used vioiouB talk. That boy was Bishop Coleridge Peterson. O! What incomparable good does a yonth who is truly manful do in _any society or in any sohool with which he mixes; how will, he oommunioate his own healthy, breezy virtues to minds Bioklier and more effeminate;_ how will he retort upon the soorner the pointed finger of soorn, judged of no man, judging all by the standard of Gcd; like that flaming seraph of Hilton, turning his baok disdain fully on those who would ffout his allegiance to God— Among Lbe faithless faithful only he, Among innumerable false unmoved, Unshaken, unsednoej, unterrided. SELF-MASTEBY. And, again, manliness is self-mastery. It eits self-governed in the fiery prime of youth obedient at the feet of law. What agony, what waste of sacrifioi&l; tears and blood, might have been spared, it has been said, if moo had never fallen into the easy doctrine that sin is only a venial infirmity of blood, not to be sternly visited, and that it is a necessary faotor of progress, out of which experience grows! If ever you find your own soft and shivering egotism trying to aeduoe you into cin .nH ...m..!;.... n-n.p »linn' Ai.Jnii ma sin and unmaniiness pray, " God pardon mo against myself." This coward with prophetic voice, Which craves for ease aud rest and joys; Myself arob-traitor to myself. My holiowest friend, my deadliest foe. My dog whatever road I go. And tbis self-mastery oanuot be had with- , out self - saorifioe. Wonldst thou have ] knowledge now in the days of thy yonth ? Then work for it ? Wouldst thou have fame? It is not worthy having, but if thou wouldst, work for it? It was the fiat of a lost Eden, work! It is the law of life, work! It is as true for nations as for men. Idle nations are ignoble nations. Egypt, sluggish and indolent, may be expressed by the imbecile contentment of the Sphinx. Marked ye yon arrow hurtle through the sky? Hoard ye the dragon moustor's dreadful cry? Apollo launotaing arrows of light at the python of corruption—that is the type of Greeoo in the brief flush of her glory. Any fool, the weakest, dullest, paltriest j that ever was, oau make, a drunkard or a de bauohee. There >a ho human clay eo vile, 110 sludge and Bourn of humanity eo despicable, but out of it you may make an effeminate I onrruptor or lying eohemer ; but it takes God's own gold to make a man. No lacquer work, no tinsel suffices for the cherubim of the sanctuary. They must be hammered out of j pure gold, seven times purified in the fire. From whom, it has been aeked, does the in spiration deaoend on us? Is it not from the 1 central figures of the great tragedies of humanity ; from the oreators of law, from the j avengers of wrong, from the martyrs of right, from the Missionaries of Meroy, from the Pass of Thermopylae, from the self-dedication of the Decii, from the fires of Smithfield, from the waters of the Solway—yea, from the cross of Oalvary? And he who will not take up that oross cannot be a true man—he oannot be Christ's disciple. To conclude, then. You have the world still before you—you who are the trustees of posterity—you on whom must rest the future honours of this once God-fearing island— choose your ideal. Tell me what your ideal is, and l will tell yon what you are. Eaoh year myriade die whose death is a moral and spiritual ehipwreok—who have done uo good, but barm, to tbeir fellow-men—who have not elevated but degraded, not purified but pol luted them. They die, and for the fire of their blood and the marvel of their life they have nothing to give baok to God but duet. and shipwreck. History and fiotion, and duly life also, set them before us. Men in history, whether in high or low places like a Nero or Heliogabalus—men like Louis XV. or Charles 1L—men in fiotion like Tile Melema, whose one objeot it haB been to make life easy to themselves and to erase from their vooabu larythe great word "I ought"—men, the dregs of epicureanism, who through all their long, useless, ill-favoured lives, always con trived to live well and eat and drink of the best, to make godB of their bodily senses, and to love no one but themselves. " Tbe gilded yootli, of whom we ask, "O, what avails to understand The merits of a spotless shirt, A dapper boot, a little hand, If half the little soul be dirt ?" Will you be like these men? These are not men, but hungers, fevers, and appetites.. Or will you be of those who believe in God, and being very sure of the soul, and having made Christ their Captain and their Master, have raised Btrong arms to bring heaven a little nearer to our earth, like him who emanoi pated the slave, like him the martyr bishop whom they sent floating over the blue sea, by the ooral isles, with a palm upon his breast, like him the self- saorifioing hero who ended in the desert city tbe life he had devoted to his ragged boye, like him who was laid at Molo kai in a ieper'a grave? And there, enthroned in euch high etate they lie. That Kings for such a tomb might wish to die. Liko all the faithful who have not bee11 famous; like all the saints who are but dew drops tangled in tbe hair of Him who is the King of Saints; yea, like him the King of Saints Himself, who set us the eternal example of the perfect man, that we might rise with Him, and by tbe aid of Hie grace, to the measure of the eternal God. Would ye do this? Would you be this? Then remember tbat the ideal of Christ is the highest ideal of what each Christian should be. He is the highest, holiest manhood — he will be the better self to all who give their will to Him; and therefore, in words which I have quoted to you before— Follow cliy better heart, Follow tby better will, And so tby better self In thy best self fulfil. To thy best self be true 1 To own an honest hand, To own an honest name, To feel an h.nest heart, Is more than wealth or fame. To tby best self be true I Go, face the future, then Obey thy soul' - best wor.l; 'Twill lead thy steps to peace, 'Twill lead thee to tliy Lord. To thy best self be true 1 So sball thine influence bless; And wlien thy years are pas9od, So shall thy better self Thine angel be at last. To thy best self be true t 