Open Column. (The Editor does not hold himself responsible for the opinions expressed by correspondents). TO THE EDITOB. SIB,—In the present age of progress when people are claiming justioe and fair play, when all sections of the community ought to have equal rights, it is a matter of regret to see a man in the proud position in which the constituency of Newcastle have placed their " senior" member, stumping the country for the purpose of damaging the chances of Mr Copley's reelection, just when that gentleman in shorn of his power to reply ; and yet that member will tell you he has the greatest personal respect for Mr Copley were it not that he was under the influence of Mr R. C. Baker. The seed wheat question and the part played by Mr Copley is also made capital of at Carrieton, and that by men who, after Messrs Coles and Playford had their say, at the memorable District Council meeting in justification of their heartless policy moved, seconded, sapported, and carried a vote of thanks to both these gentlemen. Tbe country at large have condemned tbe Ministry in office at tbe time of the seed wheat appeal, but Mr Copley was only one among tbem, just as our present highly esteemed Commissioner of Crown Lands is, but one in 1 the Ministry who have been concerned in the late mysterious doings with regard to the Agent-Generalship, of which we hope to hear more soon. Just as a bench of magistrates, amongst whom Mr Foster's name appeared, granted a storekeeper's licence to a building in which there were no stores at the time in opposition to the Btrenuous resistence of the stipendiary magistrate. Yet we don't blame our mem- ber any more than we farmers condemn Mr Copley or Mr Gillen. He was probably as powerless, notwithstanding bis eloquence, to do more in the cause of right in that conclave than Mr Copley was among his confreres in the Council. Mr Copley has maintained his position in the Council well in tbe estimation of a public majority, and if in some matters he is on the same lines with Mr Baker, where is the harm ? Mr Baker has not tried to crush any particular class, and if be favors tbe squatters, who are often misnamed capitalists, it is but natural be would. He has been a squatter born, and we all have a natural tenderness of feeling for the associations of our earliest years. He is also a man to whom the world with all its vicissitudes is free as it is to any other individual, and why should his position be assailed ? He has been elected President of the Legislative Council by a representative body of the community, and in tbat position ought to be free from party intrigues. We have no particular fault to find with our direct representatives while engaged in the legislative work, for which they are paid ; but it would be more man y and satisfactory if they would let the combatants in tbe coming contests fight their own battles on their merits.—I am, &o.;, A FARMER. May 10th, 1894. There was a good attendance of mem bers and visitors at last Tuesday's meeting of the Port Augusta Literary and Debating Society. Mr Wainwright occupied the chair. Mr W. G. Pryor was elected a member. Interesting addresses were delivered by Mr Polglase on " Ghosts and Goblins," and by Mr W. W. Goodhart on " Some old myths." An excited military looking gentleman entered an editorial sanctum one afternoon exclaiming—"Tbe notice of my death, Bir, is a lie. I'll horse-whip you within an inch of your life, sir, if you don't apologise in your next issue." The editor inserted the following apology tbe next day—"We extremely regret to announce tbat tbe paragraph which stated that Major Blaser was dead is without foundation." 