THE OZAi; 1 Alexander, third of gtho name, auto crat of Russia) hasdied in, his bed— a fate which his best . friends would not have foretoid at the time of 'his ac- cession, . He came to power . in as stormy and complex 7a time as Russia ever knew. The. Nihilistic terror had asserted itself by ' the murder of his father in March, 1881. ' Its ramifi cations extended throughout ..; .the empire, and, indeed, throughout Europe, All the efforts of the police and the 7 military forces seemed inadequate.- to protect . those against . whom doom .had been pro'-' nounced. - The agents . of these move; ments .knew no fear, of dc'ath,7.and therefore no ordinary 7 '.precautions, could avail . against them. ) -The men. who hurled the. bomb in St. Petersburg were utterly care less whether thoy also wore shattered to fragments or whether they cartie to the' gallows in process of law. Against such enemies what pre cautions could 'avail ? But no slightest taint of cowardice inhabited in the man who forthwith assumed the fallen sceptre. He set him self first to avenge tho murder df his sire, and . accomplished : this with what was generally regarded as a sufficiency of blood-letting. True there'; -was an utter absence of the horrors - in which absolute rulers of old delighted when, inflicting punish ment; , The murderers of the Czar were put, to- death with no more of cruelty or torture than Nobeling, Ayho fired his rash shot at the Kaiser, or Santos, who plunged liis knife into the body of the President of France. But resolution'and determination to uphold every inherited right ' and power of the throne were' shown in , the stern measures instantly - and consistently enforced "against any and every form' of sedifcibn'within the empire. The vigi- , lance of the third section was redoubled. The roads to Siberia were covered with winding prooessionsof exiles. G-atehina wa,s ironbound from portal tb parapet, and every.path which majesty traversed was. lined with soldiery. Threats were utterly unheeded. The challenge, of anarchy was accepted in all its fulness, , and through the thirteen- years whioh have elapsed its every , machination has ' been foilod. At what cost ' of , treasure the never audited . accounts of the empire alone could show. At iwhat sufierihg;' often unmerited;: a true record of all the horrors of Siberia alone could declare. Absolutely unre lenting the war has been, and 'tis not to be denied that authority has been upheld; It was a terrible misfortune to a man- constituted as the Czar Alex ander undoubtedly was to have this doom of dominion thrust on him. His natural vooati'on in life wa's that of a great territorial lord. His mood- was kindly,- affectionate, philanthropic and patriotic as' that of our own Salis bury. His home' relations were of the kindest; lie loved to romp with his children, to cast off the. cares of the throne, - and nBsume all the simple duties of the house, father. Our: late visitor Dr. TalmAge, privi leged on ono occasion to interview the : Czar, '. found liim the central and -best-' beloved figure in the happiest of homes, courteous, affable, interested in all the great affairs of the world, but with the radiating centre of his life on his own%hearthstono. How thon could such a man main tain that system of despotic govern ment which utterly quenched the light of so many innocent homes, which doomed thousands yearly to -a living death, which struggled ugainst unmistakable manifestations of nature, and opposed itself to the instinots of mankind and all the tendencies of the. times ? A puzzle appears here, whioh, however, is not absolutely impossible of solu tion. Tho Czar though was more straigbtly bound, more absolutely restricted from the fulfilment of his own desires than any serf of his empire. The tremendous and terrible birthright sat heavily on him. As the old King of, Lombardy assuming the iron crown, he was constrained to say, " God gave it to me ; woo be to him who tries to take it away." The crown with all its responsibilities was welded to his brows. And round about him always, like an iron, belt riveted to a living body, was tho old ring of the Muscovitish nobility. The ghosts of a legion of murdered ancestors would rise before him, warning back from any path of concession, and proclaiming the impotoncy of any effort towards re form. He did but obey his mentors and accept his ,doom. For there is little doubt that the death of the son lies at the door of Nihilism, as did that of his father. He was slain by harassment, as was his predecessor by dynamite. Care walked with him, rode with him, sat by his side at the- banquet, and haunted his pillow in sleep. And incessant anguish of mind reacting on the body broke down in its prime a. naturally magnificent con stitution; : The sorrow of the world will accom pany 7- Alexander ; to; his grave, for despite- all. his own personal troubles and Imperial labors' no man of the time did more than- Alexander to main tain the" world's peace. ) Through that; almost universal dirge , comes the discord of the Nihilists' ' shriek from, .its „ foreign lair, 7 like the voices of the harpies about the: nobly slain; and never did Nihilism do more, to court the contempt and hatred of the world than in its latest insult and menace to the dying man. And still stands Russia the sphinx amongst nations, its euigma un answered, its victims ever increasing, its fnture absolutely unguessed. The one : ruler seeks by the abolition of serfdom to give peace to his people and progress to his realms. Ho does but enlarge the opportunities of. those who will havo no realm and no State, but a commune that shall work out its own destinies "'or perish of its own internal dissensions.' . Another seeks to temper arbitrary rule with mercy and - kindness,- and dying is compelled to admit that ' ho also, lias lived., and labored aud suffered in vain. Between two worlds; stands'.' the vast and incomprehen sible! ebipire, ' endowed and accursed with 'all;, the sluggishness, the blind credulty ; of Tartar natives, yet forced' by: 7, circumstances to arm' and to stand prepared, as a European power. v. As a nation dull, inert, slavishly content, but yet with a fever in its, veins, whose heats :and 7 eruptions, are, mistaken for symptoms of reform. A problem too vast' apparently to bo dealt with by any existing powers, but whose mokt dangerous tendencies have been curbed, and whose worst impulses fettered, by . that -- man every- 'human wolf hated, but ; every' true ; man regarded with a profound pity. Littlo hope can be entertained of his successor. Ho comes- to power ; with no; warrior's stride, and accepting fate relinquishes all, probably, which rendered' possible, to him the joy of life. 