The Doctor's Step-daughters. f C0PTWTOHT.5 f By C. Stafford. - Oh after I.— Love's Complications. M bmTTEN, my dear Tina, all I || Lave to saj is this : under the 1 circumstances, it is time yon U provided for yourself, and if you will not do so by marry ing old Clinton, you must find some otncr way 01 getting a Lome 01 your own." ' " A home P I hare a home ! " Indeed ! Where ? " Herbertina West's grey eyes opened ..vide with the question. Was her step father gone mad ? "Why, here, in my mother's house," she said. Dr. Morris was a small man with a iresu coiour, thick, rattier curling brown hair, dapper professional air, and slow, distinct way of speaking. Tina was a tall girl, so that her eyes and those of her stepfather as he came forward, stooping slightly with his pince- nez i dangling from his rather knuokly little hand, were on a level, and had she an swered his gaze, she might have seen in it a twinkle of fun somewhat contra dicting the words he let fall, one by one with the "choppy" distinctness (as one of his five step-daughters termed it) peculiar to him. "A house cannot belong to one who .110 longer exists," went on the doctor. "Practically, this house never did belong to your mother, nor to me, for the matter of that, till seven years after her 1 death. When she and I married, I un- derstood it belonged to her; but in reality, the house, the house furniture — even the good-will of your father's prac tice— were mortgaged to such an extent, that it took me till long after your poor mother's death to free the place from debt. Tour father had managed to bring matters into this delightful im broglio before he married your mother ; and the only real possessions your mother ever had in this house were her two husbands and her five girls." _ The laugh in the doctor's eyes came a little more to the surface aB he went on : " She bequeathed her five girls to rue, her second husband. A bequest surely means possession, and possession means —well, at least, the power to advise." Tina's faee was crimson. Her long, dark lashes which, in company with the eyes they were helping to veii, were the chief beauty of her small, peaked face, were suddenly lilted, and she looked Iialf-indigTiantly, half-wistfully at her young s'ep-father. AH kinds of unpleasant feelings had visited her as she listened. The truths just mentioned to her by the doctor were not altogether new to her. She had been old enough at the time of her mother's second mar riage to catch up,t and be hurt 'by, scraps of conversation among servants and certain of her mother's 3ady friends. She remembered, too, low much better life had been for ' -herself and her sisters after the young "doctor appeared on the scene and her mother had figured as Mrs. Morris. Instead of as Mrs. West. Never before, however, had the ghost of a. hint of this seamy side of the life which Dr. Morris and his step-daughters had spent to- gather for thirteen years dropped from linvan'd she was thoroughly puzzled iby his present mood. Looking at him, ' ler cheeks lost their sudden rush of colour, aud her little Liir face gradually s sunned itself over with the expression of camaraderie which years of half- fathenjy, half-brotherly friendliness had "taught the little doctor's step-daughter : to wear to him. "I did allow you to advise me," she said, smiling, in spite of herself, at he half tpn.Rin cr. "hnf-f-ouvnoef — — --- QJ 1J1VKUUV/X le had quietened down to. " I only re- ? fused to take the advice. and any girl over . twenty-one, let her circumstances he what they may, should be considered free to refuse anything so unsuitable. 1 Why, the very term you used just now ' 5n speaking of Mr. Clinton shows the unsuitableness. You called him ' 01 Clinton,' " she finished. Dr. Morris swung round on his heel, lis frock-coat flying out at a tangent in company with the pince-nez, winch he still held dangling between finger and thumb, and laughed heartily. "Con found it, Tina, 1 used tee adjective as an expression of affection, don't you luowv Of course, a man of thirty-eight- isn't in his first youth — he isn't raw exactly ; but Clinton is as sound as a "bell. I am speaking professionally', -you understand. 1 sounded him a mouth ago for an Assurance Company, and I can tell his life is a lot safer than that of many a lad of twenty-two or three, who may have all sorts of seeds of disease lurking about him ready to declare themselves in a year' or two." ' What a way of looking at it! " said Tina, with _ a disgusted air, walking away to a window, and staring down into ' -the street of the quaint, country town. Dr. Morris dropped his pince-ncz, and in a moment of forgetfulness of pro fessional dignity, stuffed his hands into liis tronser poekets. " Look here," said ho, regarding resentfully the wisp of a slender figure at the window ; " when it suits you to do BO. voil sneak of mv f hivf.v.nino r<= with the utmost disrespect." "You're different." said Tina, without looking round. " You're not bald, and you've not got a front tooth out. "I've six false ones," unhlushiugly confessed the doctor. " Well, you're not wanting to marry nornetjpdy of my age." said Tina. The doctor bit hi lip for a second, then coolly remarked, Yes. I am." Tina turned -outoJ. her hands falling rcm tbeir playing with the blind-tassel, and each clntuhiiig a small handful of the long, straight folds of her pretty dress. The doctor strode across and placed her a chair. Tina sat down in it — she wasn't ab'e to do anything else— and shyly looked up into his face. v The doctor's fresh colour became even fresher in hue. "I am presently, pre-sent-ly," he added.reassuringly.with, b. downward glance at Tina's upturned ' face, " to marry Miss Ada Lavinglon, Banker Lavington's eldest daughter." Tina sank hack in the chair with a muf fled little " Oh, dear ! " then sat suddenly op again, with a quick flash of temper, . V " Oh, I do so dislike her," she said. "3 know you do, my dear." said the doctor, cheerily and calmly, using much the tone in which be might casually have mentioned that the wind "was in the north-east; "therefore, there are ' I Complications in what would otherwise have been simplicity itself." " Jack, Jack, " coom along t' chuch, t' chuch !" interrupted a strident voice. The sound came from the direction of ; . a second window in the drawing-room ; ' the window overlooked a garden, and > : was supplied with a balcony, on the rail of w&oh; hqng a wic&qr-page.; The cage ought to have contained a jack-" daw, but did not, as the jackdaw was coming with a hop and three strides alternately across the drawing-room carpet towards Tina, bringing each three strides to a neat finish with the pertinent remark, " Jack, Jack, coom along t' chuch, t' chuch ! " "Jack, you bad bird! you've opened that cage-door again." Tina held her hand out invitingly to the sleek, long- beaked creature, then, as the under taker-looking object reached her side, she bent forward and what she called "pulled his hair,"— that is, the silken, unfeatlierlike plumage at the top of the jackdaw's head. The doctor looked on with uneasiness depicted on his countenance ; he was making a mental calculation as to how long it would be before the " fiend in feathers," as he called it, attacked his boots. Between these articles of attire and the jackdaw there were permanent hostilities. " It seemed to me," lie began again, with a dry cough, " that the proposal of dear old Clinton waa a special inter position of Providence, since Miss Lav- ington declares she will he glad to share my efforts to make my younger step- children happy, but that she has no hope of succeeding in anything of the kind with yon." " I see," said Tina, it must be confessed, a little viciously; "she proposes to get away from her own step-mother by becoming one herself." The doctor's mouth twitched comically at the corner5. "No, I proposed it," he said, strategically compounding with "Jack "for an attack just about to be commenced on h=s boots, by pitching the bird a sixpence, whereupon Jack flew, with his prize, to the lap of his mistress, and there, standing in the centre of her spread-out pocket-handkerchief, pro ceeded to display how much a living jackdaw can look like a dead, stuffed one, when the part is taken by a bird of talent. " Why, Ada Lavington, when her father married again, went about every where saying how horrid it was of Mrs. Fairleigh to consent to become the step mother of grown-up. step -daughters," broke out Tina again, with a fresh out burst of indignation. " Did she ? " said the doctor. "It is always possible te change one s opinion, and Miss Lavington's relations with her stepmother have proved so satis factory, that it must have been most encouraging, most encouraging." The little doctor's tone was balf- facetious, but there was a hurt look on his face, and the next instant his clean shaven lips tightened, in a way which argued that he had not quite done with Tina. "I think I may say," he began again, accordingly, " that Miss Laving ton views the right or wrong acceptance of mv suit more with happiness and mine than to her position as the wife of a step-father." Tina received the shot in a vulnerable part. " Oil, this is dreadful," she said, "I see it is different. Ob, we must all go away." _ She had just balanced Jack's sixpence on the top of his head, and now, excited to emulation by the slight raising of her voice, he, with that ungraceful conversational action peculiar to jack daws, pumped out of himself as it were, the words: " Go away, go 'long." 1 The jerking of the head downward sent the sixpence rolling across , the room, and the doctor, who was of an orderly turn of mind, went in pursuit of it. " No, you are not all to go away," he answered, meanhigly, as he returned, pocketing the sixpence as lie came, in spite of the longing in Jack's acquisi tive, stony eye. " But this conversation has given me no reason to alter my previous idea, that either by marrying Clinton — 1 don't .know why he's fool enough to want you — or by some other means, it would be desirable for you, under thecircumstaneesof my approach ing marriage, to make a start in life for yourself." Tina sprang to her feet, sending the unprepared jackdaw, with cut wings outspread, headlong to the floor, a strong instinct of self-preservation causing him to retire hurriedly, cawing as he went., to the empty cage. Dr. Morris followed the bird across the carpet, shut the window it passed Kirough with a hang, and then faceo round again. "Tina," he said, "upon jay word, I fe>l ready to knock myseli down for saying it to you, but I've nc one to say it. for me, and you must see that there's no reason in life why a man of thirty-nine (the rest of the world doesn't, like you, look on a man of that age as on the verge of decrepitude) should devote himself quite to the end of his life solely to five big girls for whom he has already done all he can. Your four sisters, I am quite sure, will rub along well enough with the lady tc whom J propose giving a portion of my regard ; but you, I foresee, will not." " Yon and she, then, only want me out of the way," said Tina, panting for breath in the little gust of temper which foi the moment took possession of her. " Well, I will not marry Mr. Clinton to oblige that girl." " You will not marry Mr. Clinton; I will see you do not," said the doctor, white in his turn. "The poor fellow must be blind to want to share the rest of his days with an undisciplined, big child like you." Tina broke down ; she was even now beginning to be ashamed of herself. With a panting sob, tears rained down behind the two small hands she raised to hide them. There was a rap at the door, and when Tina bent down, as if to look for a piece of music, in reality to hide her stream ing faee, a servant came in. " Please, sir, there's a gratis -patient in the consulting-room, and the assis tant isn't back yet." The doctor strode out and shut the door after him. Chapter II.—1 Tina's Troubles. " I had no idea. I tell you." Tina, when she made this statement, was sitting with, if the crut.li muse be told, her face fearfully unpresentable from past crying, at a little afternoon tea-table, pouring out tea. She was handing a cup of tea to Frances, the eldest of her four tall, slim sisters, the whole of whom were sitting here and there about an upper room, specially their own, to which they had had their tea sent, in consideration of the privacy needed for Tina's swollen face, and the importance of the matters to be talked over. The West girls were astonishingly like each other, all the same tall, slight, prettily-featured, big-eyed creatures, one a little thinner, one a little taller, one younger, and one older and. firmer- looking somehow. Frances was the one firmer-looking: " It was' very idiotic of- you not to have an idea," she answered, with sis terly frankness and some doubt of her sister's sincerity. You are the only one of us who hadn't, unless 'Chinee' is excepted," she added, with a bright smile towards the youngtat, whose ab- naj-ipaUj tjgjc a&d; long tail 9 1 hair » not yet turned up) had earned for he> that sobriquet. " I knew that Mr. Clinton cared for Tina," that young lady quietly returned, looking steadfastly at her elder rela tive's blurred countenance. ' But 1 didn't know the doctor cared for that nice Miss Lavington. I never thought' of his liking anybody but its." "It's disgusting," was Tina's answer. "No, it isn't, but it's disturbing," corrected Frances, who was the philo sopher of the family. " Cream-muslin, with maize-colour, is the fashionable thing for bridesmaids dresses," hazarded tall Bangles, staring across the room with a speculative and somewhat covetous air; "and it does afterwards for garden-parties." "You can have that for the other wedding," said Tina, with affected bitter ness. "I am not to be offered up at the altar of Miss Lavington's conve nience, or at any other altar." A shrill " ke-ake " struck on every body's ears from somewhere below, and a smile, for the first time since the con-«. versation in the drawing-room, gleamed across Tina's — not at this moment par ticularly charming — features. " That bird is loose again somewhere," she ohflftrvftfl. fl.fi if rKa atti prtfrafl f.lia aiwnm- stance to give general pleasure ; "he must have heard the jingle of the spoons and things. He's wanting his ft ike — I'll go for him." And she ran downstairs. Before leaving the room to weep in greater seclusion, Tina had reopened the window which the doctor had shut; and Jack, in consequence, was now perched on the back of a chair, mentioning his wants to his own sympathetic ears. A few minutes later, with Jack in her arms, confined to the more limited space of his wicker cage, Tina was crossing from the drawing-room to the foot of the stairs again. Suddenly she heard some one let in at the street door ; a familiar step in the hall below, and as familiar a voice saying: "Hullo, there you are! How are you, old fellow ? I just looked in, in case you were prevented from turn ing up at the Lavingtons to-night, to put you in mind of that County Council meeting. Thought over that suggestion of Squire Holton's, eh ? " Involuntarily she looked for a second over the balustrade, just in time to see two hands grasp each othes' heartily, . and a tall, broad-shouldered man, with heavy dark moustache, pass across the door- mat of the consulting-room, on the threshold of which her 3tep-father stood. The door shut them in, and she mounted the stairs, heralded all the way by Jack's demand for " ke-ake." "He has just come in," she informed- the tea- drinkers, while depositing the. cage conveniently for Jack's being able to seethe passers-by in the street below," and to choose those he deemed suitable for his. adjuring to "coom along" or < r»rw » +H..+- Jr. -.,1 1 — uiAcfcu 10, cuauu'uujdci auv boy in working clothes, corduroys being the key- note of a really enthusiastic outburst of invitation. " He gave you Jack," somewhat irre levantly remarked the Chinee ; " he said there was no one to care for Jack after his mother died, and would you be the bird's mistress ? " " "Well ? " said Tina. Frances's month puckered into a smile. " Chinee," she said, reprovingly, " you are too sharp for anything. But I know what Chinee means," she owned, handsomely, with a wave ©f her hand. " You say you had not the slightest idea .that Mr. Clinton would ever think of you. If you had looked at' him on the occasion of which Chinee speaks you would have had one. If only you had looked ,at his face as lie spoke, you would have understood. But that is the curious thing, "she went on ; "you hardly ever do look at anybody when they are speaking to you: You open your eye3 innocently wide (Frances gave a very successful, illustration with her own. large grey ones), and stare straight past them. Perhaps you are devotiiig your undivided attention to the composing of an answer." There can he no doubt that Tina was' looking at this particular speaker by the time this point was reached. Perhaps a more nervous lecturer than Frances might have wished it otherwise. " I do look at peopL," Tina asserted, vaguely. " Oh, yes, perhaps, once in a conver sation," returned Frances, nothing daunted. " You will look deep into the other person's eyes as if you would read t heir very soul, but you don't rend It, you know." She finished with brisk emphasis. " There ! look at her now," she added, in reference to the fact that Tina had already drifted into the habit" of which mention was being made, her gaze travelling dreamily past Frances's shoulder, the poise of the small head giving the fair, little face a rapt, saintly expression most becoming, hut mo3t un reliable as giving an index to Tina's mood. " I know," went on Frances, throwing I an appealing glance round, " that she is probably thinking of what I am saying ; but I defy her, while she is watching thai . bluebottle on the window-pane, to se« the expression of face with which I am saying it, and people often say one thing with their tongue while they say another' with their eyes." "Well tlieyshouldnot.'' Tina disposed of the information without troubling to ascertain whether in this particular in- \ stance Frances's voice was saying one thing and her aspect another. "Tea! "broke in Celestine, otherwise Excelsior, who was sitting at the other . side of the room, with her bronze shoes', j rather too much en evidence, crossed daintily, her dress-skirt somehow drag ged tightly round the shapely ancles ap- pearing above the preposterously hig'u- heeled shoes— " tea. Half a cup. and don't put in two lumps of sugar. Frank goes to the other extreme," -she added, consolingly, as Bangles, who had taken Tina's p ace at the table, filled the cup. " Frank hardly ever believes a word people say with their tongues. It would he a relief to her, I should think, to live in a deaf and dumb asylum. She listens with her eye3." ' What a shower ! " interrupted Tina, as a quick patter of summer rain, com ing through a haze of tender, golden light, aroused the apprehension ot her friend the bluebottle, who was now meandering undecidedly across a higher pane of the window. TO BE CONTINUED President Lincoln said once that the De«! story he had ever read in the papers of him self was this : — Two Quakeresses were travelling on a railroad, and were heard discussing the probable termination of the war. " I tHink," said the first, " that Jefferson will succeed." "Why does thee think so?" asked the other. " Because Jefferson is a praying man." "And so is Abraham a praying man," objected the second. " Yes, but the Lord will think Abraham is joking," the first replied A : clerk, who was also a schoolmaster, being called on to give a toast producer' this sentiment : " Addition to the maud of Old England, subtraction to her wants, multi plication bo her blessings, division among ber foes, and reduction of her debts ana 