THE NOVELIST, IHE COST Of A VOW. By tho Author o ' A Long Tiino Ago,' I could not lovo Thoo, doar, bo mnoh. Lovod I not Honour moro,— lovuuch CMPTER I.-eontlnuod, Sho waB apparently absorbed in thought, for bIio did not move whon tho door oponod and Colonel Myddloton camo in, Hoatihafc did not boo hoi1, but oamo hurriedly forward in tho dim ly lighted room towavdo tho flroplaco, ivnd Baw hor suddenly, Ho otartod violontly, but with a great oifort ho put out his hand,- and wid, with only a slight troinbling of tho upporlip— , ' Lady Carruthors, I didn't know I waB to moot j'ouhorol' Sho, too, hod put out hor hand, but at his words it foil again, A shadow of crimson—a dually flush—flow ovov Ivor fnoo and stainod hor very brow soarlot for asooond,a wild look contracted her oyobrows, and thou sho said vory slowly, with a gravo dignity— ' Tlioro in flomo mistake. My name is Hormiono St, John.' - . ' GoodhoavonBl' Ho did not boo that oho wan -tremb- ling violently, bocauso sho had turned away and . wa» stoadyihg horaolf by holding a chair. A gray shadow, whioh made him look as one dying, oamo over his face. Ho tried to apeak— no Bound would como. He hold out his hand still, meohanioally. Tho door oponod and Sir Philip Olin. ton camo in. He only saw Colonel Myddloton, ' Halloa, old follow ! What on earth's tho matter with yonP It's all those confounded foga after that fevor.' ' Yob, it's tho fovor,' oaid Colonel. Myddloton, in a husky, broken voioo, ' Lot mo go, Clinton, and tako flomo of that stuff, you know.' Ho gropod along to tho door liko ono half blind, and wont out and shut it aftor him, just as Sir Philip caught sight of Hormiono, sitting m a groat ohair, half hlddon by a soreon. 11 Poor follow, I don't think ho will ovor got ovor that fovor,' ho said com ing up to hor. 'Ho Is Buohft good follow, do you know, Miss St. John, It was all aftor tho Mutiny— oxhauBtlon and all that sort of thing. Of course, because ho la worth hia weight in gold ho'll go and dio,' ho addod disoontont odly. - ? ' ' Yob,' said Hormiono. ' ^ ?'? . She, too, had oaught sight of ttiat doathliko faoo as ho left tho r6om, and hov hoart was boating wildly; What did it all moan P What did 'ho think t' How darod ho insult hor so P Jusb ao tho gong Boundod ho came in again. At diuuor ho sat on Lady Clinton's loft, and sho said— ? ' You oan hardly boo hor from hero j but don't you think Miss St. John vory handsomo P' Ii was of thoao foolish questions that bo r aioly got a true annwor, ' I kuow horforraorly,'ho aaidj but I thought Bho had married Lord Car ruthora. I (was , told bo aa a poaltlvo foot just as I.was atartlng forindia,' , 'That man I' said Lady Clinton, vohomontly, as though any furthor ox prossion of reprobation would' fall to convoy hor feeling about him. '. ' How could you boliovo it P' . . 11 Ho told mo himself,' Bnld Colonol Myddloton, . Lady Clinton was opooohlosa.. Thon aho naked— , . , ' How oould you boliovo it P' ' How did »ho como to ohango hor namo, though P' he aslcod, aboontly. ' Ah I Of oouran, boing in India and all that, you did not hoar. Well, poor Mark, hor oousin, was killed out hunt ing— at loaat ho died from tho fall. She oamo into tho proporty and ovory thing, and ho asked her to tako tho namo. You know ho waa madly in lovo with hov. It was liko a kind of raar rlago of namoa, poor boy I Sho did it at onoo, and now sho livos at tho plaoo, It is so lovely.' 'I saw that hor mothor diod last yoar,' 11 Yob. Well, roally oho was . no Iobb to Hormiono, showasso worldly and bard,' Colonel Myddleton waaBllont. Ho was not oven looking at Hormiouc. Ho was gazing steadfastly; into tho ilowors la front of aim, going ovor in tuought tho lust alxyoars of his lifo andhors. What bad hors beonP What did she think of him P What could sho think of him P And now ho had insultod hor by addressing hor aa tho wifoof a man ho donpiaod, and ono whom all mon dos plaod. Would oho forgive him, that proud, quiot, palo girl, whom ho had bo uooply lovod, whom ho did so deoply lovo, and whom ho aaw now he haa so dooply wronged P \ : ' ,. ? ' ISho will i'orglvo mo,' ho thought, ' bocauso I havo wronged hor. I shall ? novor forglvo mysolf, How could I boliovo that Ho af that puro.high.hoart' ed woman P Howooujdl bolievo sho oonld marry that brvito— that our P And yot— yes, juatbocauBo sho la what Bho is, too good to know ovil, sho could have —sho might havo married him, as tho boat and noblost of womon havo dono. ' 'lauppoBO sho is a groat hoirosa now P ' ho Bald, 'Yoa,'answorodLady Clinton j 'eight thousand a year. ' Soon aftor thiB, to whioh Colonol Myddelton had mado no rojoindor, tho ladies adjournod to tho drawing room, Tho long drawing room at Chartorisa was divided, as it woro, in tho centre by a'flroplaco, nnd atoaoh ond was a deep alcovo. In ono stood a fine organ, bo twoon pillars of somo rare nmrblo j In tho othor an oxquiaito atatuo of Night, Tho room was hung with loathor, rich ly omboflsodund gilt of a polo buff, with horo and there a boss of Bilvor. It was vory old Spanish, and oxcoodingly harmonious and quaint iu design and colouring, Noar tho otatuo was a largo sottco, grouped round a tall stand of oatnollias and furns, bo nrrongod that they did not Intorforo in any dogroo with tho viow of tho figure. Horniiouo was crossing the room to look at tho Btntuo, whicn waa ounning ly lighted from bohind by somo device of SirPhilip'fl, whon Colonol Myddloton camo up to hor and aaid— 'I know ovovy thing now. It wa3 \ liol Will youforgivo moP I ought nover to havo boliovod it— but— ' Ho Btoppod and caught hisbroath, tho endod hurriodly, ' It waa bo horriblo I boliov od it.' Ho hold out his hand. AgainhoroyobrowB contracted slight ly. Thon sho said, with a faint, shadowy sniilo— . ' I davosay you couldn't holp it. ' Sho took hia hand and shook it slightly. 'Thon now wo will start as though I had nover said anything, and *nu will l'orgot ?'ho said, iil]owlij|j hav hnnd to drop tho huitunt. uho attoiuptcd to witli draw itr ' ,' . .. 'You I' , ; ?? :.. ?:..., '. ?? You fovglvo mo quito I ' , % / '3-eu, ? Ib fllmll bo justrio ifc wno bo fovo you wont to India, if you liko.' ',Htt8hl' .ho aaid. tuvninfj abrudly round,,*',.-.',..,; .. ?.,? ,...;. :,?, ,,.,','? ? . ,;- ' ? Thou 'ho sold,, vory DlD^yly and in a low voice— '??'., ' That was six years ago ! . I htivo diod fjiiKHi thou. ' Ko.wnllcedaway, loaving; hbv with a thrill of torrorfct hor heart. Docidly tho fovor Htill clung to him. i'oi1 tho ra;tol! thoovoniiijj ho did not como r.oar her nor upoalc to hor. Gladys came ivnd talked to hor, imd all tho othors, too. Lady Clinton eaug, aud sio did ono or twootnoro, ospocittlly a Mv. Vrcoinan, an odd uort of yrft-y-haiiod, Wiaidorin^ .Tow looking poviion, h, groat fdond oi Sir Philip's— a man who always onid tho most bitter and. unkind thing b, and did tho most unselfish ; and kind ouoh. Ho was a stranyo sort oi' ii friend nnd iv still Btrnngor onomy, ' ' I aay, MJs3 01 inton, did you ovorlrno w -anyono who had uoon a ghont P I don't moan a ' thought I saw, youknow, ' but ii rofil ' I saw ifc with my oyos.' ' . « No j did you P ' said Gladys, laugh ing. She waa about tho only poraon not afraid of him, 'Quurl,' au ho was call od, in allusion to hia 'friendship with hor brother (tho monkey did' oxiat, but was lcopt looked up in the stablo). , '?Woll, thon, you may boo qna now— thositurnlno, hivtohot-faood- colonol you aro all no do voted to. ' i ' 'No I How do you know P ' ' I know ho naw ono this ovoiiing. You gfo and ask him. ' , ??:, -.'?-,? , Gladys wont aoross at onoo to Colonel Myddloton. Ho was liatoning to tho muoiu, with anabBont, gray look on his faco. '' . ? ?.??,..;? 'Mr. freeman .says yOnaaw a ghost this ovoninw, Was It the little man in brown, or tho lady who stands weeping at tho hall window r 'V. , ' A ghost P' ho answoi'od, with a slight start. ' A lady weeping P' ; ' Yob. Oh did you boo hor P , Thoy say Bho moans a marriage, whioh is odd, as showoops. Sho, stands with hor head bont down, all in whito, and long dark hair, and hor hands are nil soarred, be aauBQ, youikuow, eho broke tho widdow to got out. But tho marriugo that cornea off after she ia Boon ia always un luoky, Did you sod hor P' ' Ho etarod a littlo wildly at her, thon frownod Btornly, then burst Into alow mooking laugh. - ;? ?. 'Gladys, how oan you bo ,do uillyp No, of oourae hot. Who told you I had P' ' Quarl,' Bho Bald disappointed. » ?' What made him. Bay I had P', 'Ho aaid (suddenly1 you, had seen a IfhoBtP Colonol Myddloton started, and thon lookod ooldly around at Mr., Freeman , who waa balancing himeolf on tho back of a ohair, :. lt '.I couldn't boo anything ra'prp liko, a ghost than ho is BometlmoB,' ho said, ' But toll mo, GladyBwhat iBitho story, and where is tho window P'V'i, , '.' Tho groat window onthe,{jak stairs 3hfl was vovy unhappy, .Hoi', husband beat hpr— ho uaod to drink' a^d gamblo . and ovory thing,' said Gladys,, yaguoly. ' And that s'omobody was lX Wad to hor, and'Bholikod him— bir Sydney Clinton, tho old black knight, who hangs up in gallery. And ono night hoiv 'husband Btakoa 7ior, and Sir Bydnpy won, and Bho waB glad ; and, '.'ho wont away and said ho would, ijpuio tho following pvoningto fotph/aar. And ohowaitod. ; Sho nad put oil all hor white, oatin, and no ornaniorita', booauso hor husband had loat thorn all at play, butSlrSvduoy ha'd of ton niild ho did not care for .thorn, ancj aho vftint down and stood on tho great Btalvoano, wait ing. Ho husband didn't oafo'. Ho was drinking1,' and said- oho might go to tho doyil for aught ho eared. AqcI she wait od. Tho night wont on, tho $iwn camo, tho day oamo, but Sydnoy noVor oamo. And thon hor husband camo'but to hor, and taunted her and boat hbrr-boafc hor till sho noarly diod, but tho next night she wont back and 'tood thoro, aud night aftor night, and day ,!aftor day, and woolc aftor weok, and mouth af tor month, and year after yoar—lio novor oamo. But they boat nor and lookod her up. Sho brolto the window and got out, and oamo and stood whoro she had said sho would stand. And then at last sho heard ho hnd married somoono oleo, and gone away from that part, and would novor come again, and tho noxt day thoy found .hor (load, lying all in white, at tho top of tho atairu, Hor hoart waa brokon I' Gladys, who had slid into tolling a real ntory— a story Bho had hoard over andovor again from ohildhood, was tolling it now with pale ohoolcB and quivering lips and oyea full of toara, to this man, who sat liatoning with bis soul In his oypfl, with working hands and abono-Qold heart. Sho stopped Bhortatlast. ' Show mo tho window, Gladys,' he said, in an unnatural voice,' whiou mado hor look round. .' Yoa, como/' she said, greatly pleas ed by hia rapt attention, i Thoy wont on, oiosBod tho groat hall in tho moonlight, through tho dining room, lighted only by tho dying ombora in tho gratej through a long atone corri dor, along tho oloiutors, and , oamo aud-' donly into a boaxitiful oriol ohambor, tho windowo of Whioh woro flllod with stained glass, and from tho,- oontro of whioh sprang a great branoh oak stair oaso. ? ..... ' Thore I' aho aaid.then added, ' Poor thlntrl' . ?'It was a Ho I''hoflald,inadoop,him1c'y voioo. ' He nover bvoko hia word to hor— his word of honour, don't you see, Gladys P Spmoono killod him.' ' Tho Btory does not nay so,' said Gladya, sadly. ' I wish it had.' ? ' BocauBO you never hoard his sido, do you not boo P' Whon all was still, and only now and thon a quiot owl's hood oohood from tho distant hanging woods, a tall figure fltood, with foldpd arms, at the end of tho Umo troe avenue, looking back on tho Manor Housp glooming out against tho dusky sky. It was a oloar night, and tho colour of ovory thing animato or inanimate was of a doop and aombre hue, indoooribably aolomn. 'Itia liko looking at another's life,' thought Marmivduke Myddloton. 'And, aftor all, that is the only way to look at any goal, to think how othorn would act to win with honour. What matter if ono falls, oyonbroakoalimb, or— ono's hoart P Lifo is not all, thank hoavon. Havo I not aeon that over and ovor again in those nights in. India P In thoso bcouos through whiqh womon and ohildron paaaed aa through flro, and oarao out with tho vory Bmoll pi' blood and doath on thorn, and yot avovrod thoy woujd rather have died ? I know it is not all, but— it 1b hard to live somotimos booauso of othoi'a j for ono aolf— rpnounco aud you win.' Tho oold night wind blowup, his hair, and otruok sharply round tho thin, worn chook. Ho ehudderod Blightly, for ho waa still woak from tho fovor. ' Woll,' ho thought, 'I have given upmost things. lean givo up this, And, aftor all, it's my own doing, liko all ono's worst miBorioB, Of courao I should not care half so muoh if sho know why, and yot — —' ' Ho turned: n Ad walked ulowla? tawarda . tlio houno, looing words ovon in hia ) thoughts,. hnd with a melancholy niuile ' hovoring round hia mouth. Abatilow, past with a littlo, sof t ' choop,' nnd' ,hp ?Htoppod again irrosolutoly half-way, towards tho house. ' Must I go to- morrow P' ho thought. ' Go a^Yay ivnd loavo hor, my darling P Q'ho'pnly woman, I havo ? ovor, loyod, to moJi-ry fiomoono 61«o, porhapa ! And yet, ovcopt a miraclo— almo'st— intervened, I Khu.ll novor, never dare to toll her I lovo hor ? ' WoRtoppod ngain in hia walk, folding his urmo iuovo tightly ucroas hiB breast with n wring. A stur foil, shooting wildly down tho Honllh, and tho ilaoh caught hia oyo. ' Why, of all otoriofl, Bhould Gladys toll mo that P And why, of all nights, tonight P And how she told it. Alas I nlas!' ^fl/iin a pniiHo. The limo treoa had oomo to an- ond, tall hornboivuiH stood us liodgos, and through tho rifto and ohatinis in their foliago, mado .by tho dying yoar, ,tho wind swept with a dronry and mournful undortono. ? . ' How atraujyo it is .that what' one trioa to do as one's boat and noblost ho of tun Booms to bo tho undoing of ovory aort of happiness. Yot, aftor all, this will not touch hor. Thnnk hoavon for that, Ono can euffor in Bilonco— alono. Yob, I will go.'* Loaning back iu tho. window seat 'of hor room, with tho lights out, and tho .cold,' passionless starlight, gloaming on hor wealth of hair, ?which foil nearly to her feot, and glittered against the doe.p blue blaolc of hoi* drosing gown, Hormione romainod lost hi thought, too. Sho waa thinking: of him, Sho had soon him standing in tho ayouuo' who'nhe first came out into tho light, and ..by a strange fasoination sho soamod unable to withdraw' her oyes from him. Her head loaned ,baolc agninoii tho sloping' panel of iho window aoat, her hands wore olaepod round her knoos.hor' face 'was oxtromoly . palo, and hor dark oyeB novor moved from his flgure. She had boon sitting there, thinking of him, when ? he ' suddenly camo brforo her bodily vision, and now eho oould not withdraw her gnsie, The quiot flguro waa coming alowly down tho avonue now, and Bho noticed for tho.flrBt time: that ho had no hat on. ' What madnoBB, juat aftor that fevor, too.' . . Sho nearly held hor breath, for abb oould hoar hia footsteps now faintly, and ho waa looking up, though not at any window in particular} because, hor room was dark and still as a' gravo. He paused on and turned tho angle of tho houae, but Bho aat for long, long aftor, gazing out towards tlio plaoe where ho md stood, longing with impotont long ing to bring some gladnesa on that gravo brow, a smilo , on tho stoadfast 'ftco. And noithor knew the othor had thought alike. If they had--P ? : (To bo continued). 