[?] « Sbk p?MkM v CoSTIKCKil-l Ow'lia went nAJwadvnild aait waaiiCSSJllil fef one of Iiej- U4j>«tiirett'o-- igb..WliC». 9 "lfinuglit of that lovely tfirl in the opera -box, r, n d HI aVpf leanl n g oVer tier witli 'aidi dtv Noted'?/. ' : AV|ioKAlked '«boat feTOse , tiow ; brown and new, she picked up a faded .rose tliat bad just dropped from its tree. Yoblinve lived -as ins oye," Mve tnnrmfered, scatterid the dfy petals > in the rrn s 9i"4 -SW"1 1 Y 3 d hdi'c him'? -- Wby.did. 1 bJlIertliniir And"oW)ing,hefled farther from the boustoSt some one ehotild obwrrc ber. Slie Aid 'rtol return niitil thcicHmSon of tW AitUnnn sunset had died out ajoog the ski And sky. In the twilight ns she Trent past the fimutain, sonic onestartlediicr byapeaking her name in a low voice. 'k " w 5 41 it you,sTs'kc-?" she rfcspoftdod with oqunlTintron. 41 113 iup, Mis? Crerelling nn' I've something lo tell ytm "which you ought to know right' awav. '. trsec your luggage coiuin' off the train, ?o I ' knowed you was home, but I couldn't get to see 'you last night, nrul I don't risk eoniio in lhe'd&y-ihrlc.;,, -Well, Jake, I hare time to hear whatever You havc to tell." His story was a long one, and when it was told she hod many, many things to «ay in re- fttrn, «o ihfit Sir £In«tings dined quite alone, for dinner .was nearly through with before Cecilia -came in, and then she went straight to her own riujm and to bed. She did not look as if she had slept much when she c.iioe down next morning. It was n dull foggy -November day. The trees on the burn looked like 'sheeted ghosts," the house 5iemed tn be shut in from the whole world alone with ils own gloominess. Sir Hastings had a tonrli of the gout. ; after breakfast lie hud to be hclpedinto die library bv John, who placed him in his. great' lcatlier easy— chair before n cheerful bit of tiro in. the grate. Cecilia was sorry her father was suffering for two reason? — first, she was sorry for him nnd second, she knew the effect on his temper, which was «t 'promising for the interview she ex pected to lx)ld with him and which could not be deferred to await his cure. She lingered a wliilg in the breaUfast-room after tic left <t, luoking oat aioorjg tlie curlains nt tlie dull prospect. To this beautiful girl of eighteen, who stood looking out nt the sea fog and nervously pick ing at the heavr fringe of the curiam?, on this dreary morning, the game oF life did not seeni vortUillie candle. However, what she had to do must, he done, however distasteful the task might be. She ccasesd t wtchibg tlic curtain and walked away folhclibrary. Sir Hastings sat, very comfortable, in front of the fire, which 1x2 seemed to absorb, with i\ wide window to the left, giving him plenty of light to read the paper which lay freshly un folded before iiim. " Wliat n nasty day " lie said, fretfully ; v% it makes you look yellow, Cecil." " I fecLydlow, papa, if tlut u Uic color of ruelanehobV' one catuc up to ins side and supped her smooth, round, dazzling ann Vrom which the loose sleeve of her morning dness fell back, nlmt dus neck. " Xow ynpa I trout you to J isteSTto me.Tcry seriously and not As if I were ew,' -hear!" cried Sir Hastiags as if site -were & member t>T Padiameatwlio was making a speech iic approved. The «oft arm slipped a little closer about His neck.atair face, looking pale but resolute, bent close io his. and the sweet trembling voice of Iiers said : " Desr papa, I want you to let uw ofT from my hasty promise to marry Mr. Vivien. I om now absolutely certain that I shall never be able to love Lini — shall never be happy with iiru — and Tin sore papa you don't want your little girl to be unliappy for lifeL " Let you off I Jet you off ! indeed I shnll do oothing'of the kind V He spoke so quickly that he nearly choked 3jiinsi4f-toit!t the words. ' Bat, papa, I can never love him/' "Love him ! Fiddle-dc-dec! I don't ask you to love liim until you're liis wife. A pretty time of day this is to break off.an engagement — in everybody' mouth — an understood thing all over the country P 4 1 know it be an embarrassing thing, pupa, but not half so dreadful a.s it would be for rac to marry liiin.7' He Lung off the caressing arm and made a movement. to get on bis feet, butn twinge of j >aJn reminded him of his condition, and lie sank hackin bis chair as red and farious as liis daughter was pale and calm. ! 41 Dreadful thing it would he to marry Mr. Vivien, of Vivien Plare ! YonU better go and poison yourself, Cecil, than meet with such ; an awful fate ?" -sarcastically. i " Tiiat is, true— 1 , avTroeT "Tell me that is tree 1 This is a y.retlv fass yoa are making, and the bridal finery all ordered, and my visitors seeing yon together as engaged people in my house. I did not believe until yon convinced 7ne«f it, tliat a C revelling would go back omher word go lightly. Having promised, I 'supposed you would fulfil. What did yoa go down to London and buy wedding _finery for, only three days ngo ? Whst-'does Ibis mean, anyhow ? " I did wrong — very wrong — to yield to your influence, papa, so far as to promise to try to overcame jy.jdiglikfl. to Mr. Vivien and to marry iibr Git "Hbe end of a year. A year eeenied Bp i$t pitaj. .You pressed. me so hard, end I iippeid',«ont«ihingmigfit happen to release me from my foolish promise before the year went. 1 Row, papa, Lave yoa been-fnirl Has Mr. Vivien been honorable ? It is not two months since I made that stipulation, and now you are narrowing pie down to eizoeks morc. Yjdu are-hurrying me, worrying me, making me misoreWeicrnnot-—'' ' . 41 T«h tot, tut ! vot many girls would com- plain of tliat.. They woiild.be pleased and flat tered tohave a .lover show some ardor. Basil is ready and wailing, and he oaUiraliy cliafesat u a long acd nnreaaonable Jelay." . . 'id 48 Keerthelrssthat .was- Uie agreement. J am gladyoqpjiyc Woken it.op yoar part, ' jt.givea pM apoppprtunitf -to break rit ,-on tninc." v,' . ... j . -.v"; , f \ ¥ou . mre m willfpl, tu9bpro "girl, Cecil; ,»uprc 4'pencncc oT llic World, llran Voii. aiMl j take t&e;>lihcby"Sf tiiBtnjiTl break it! TftiaVt riirpeaircd h fur yn 'Oiab fe.fVlvicrL Liviqgnt nc do, in coihftorti'tice \Atihiioni; nnd Swhtihtr afty troublesome amount of income, though with n ood landed property, ii' it jvossiblc that you expect as?£ond offer asjidvn/itagoous 7 Yon ak' a pivttyvfri'rhccil-rnm miojigf of it, too, "ho'doiibt-liiil Yivn boiiMty "Will firtl find on every bus 1 1, a husband «t once rich, generous, good-lookihg. Of good 'family dt ood mkVinert, snhhblo sge. khd keeping up a'spleti&id; estab- liMment. If you don't like Mr. Vivieh, wlty > you Lave only to learu to like him, nnd nil will go well. There now, don't plague nie nny more to-dhy» . If s enough to have the gout without having htvthe same-time a stubborn, nnreason- alde child." -? f "" , ; " P4pa,Ymr'talk 11 the "time as if I had' only to try to dike Mr/ Vivien toeoeeecd. I hflve'/ried, nnd I do not -succeed. Instead — if .rou'will Ihave it, papa4— I scorn, despise, nnd a\»hor him. And I think you do n very impru dent, whd incxcn<blc thing in wishing inc to Ynanydiim before yon bare mode enquiries ioto his nritecodehts " 'Was this his own daughter speaking to him —hw timid, gentle little girl who hod rarely hinted that her soul was her own ? Sir Hastings glared at her in amawment ; his face grew purple with rage', he looked very much as if, hod he not been n gentleman, he would have struck her with his clenched hand, Let nic bo the "judge of my own actions, Cecil. And if you ' hnlc and abhor ' without reason, why tliat is no reason to nie. AlAny Basil Vivien you shall nnd will, or walk out of my house disowned and disinherited. There 1 yon have forced mc to soy it, and it is said." lie turned awav from her, and took up his ppper. Tlic interview vrns at an end. He was liu rt, offended, and made more obstinate than ever. It secincd to Ccrilia, n? she walked slowly out of the room, that she had not a friend in tlie world. v It doc? not alter my resolution." she snid to herself. 41 Pap.i will have to cat hi? words sonic dny, that's all. Of course I conld -end this tiling, right here and now, to- dny, if I thought best. I could make a great public scandal, nnd have a terrible time of "it, but I must hare r. little more "time. It will be better for mc to wait until I see whether Lizzie Jives or dies. If she should die. ns I am afraid she will, I might be accused of ccnspiniry to de fame. I need help from some one besides Jake. I iiuist 'have advice. I wish I could go to London without anyone being the wiser for it. I wonder how it would do to send Juke down with a letter to papa's attorney ? Oh, dear, dear, dear! I'm afraid I shall never have the courage to go through with this now. If Jasper hud been trncto mc I could have brnved everything. At least I have something to do. Thai mav lie inv salvation. ..She turned back into tlie library, nnd told her father that she was going out for n ride — dispilc of ihe fog, 6he believed tliat a good, 'dashing Tide would, bcuefit her spirits Sir Hustings was still very nngrv nnd vouchsafed no reply, " l'oov papa !" sighed -Cecilia, ns she went to give her own orders ; u I am sorry for him and for myself/' In a few minutes she was riding toward Melton. There was more pros)»ect of the fog settling down into a drizzle than there was of its clearing away. She met no one on the rond. She rode straight to the door of the shop over which Jake presided, nnd there alighted. Ho came out to fasten her horse to the bitching post, nnd a few low words were interchanged between them. Take's mother lived with him in a room in /lie loft over tlie little shop. She was a very old woman, past doing much that was useful except to knit stockings, nnd tlie one- armed young man had her to support as well as him self. What Miss Crcvclling snid to him while lie was tying her horse was this : ' How is vntir mother this morning ?" "She's worse — much worse. I hod nn- nuxious night." 4 May I go up and sj>cak with her ?" 4 I do wish yon would, miss, P'raps vou might tJiink o' something to do for her." 4' I? sJk? still in her scnsesT' 4,As sensible ns I am, miss. She Bays, wben you cotue, she's going to Unve you take it all down in «vritio', ood she'll sign her name -to it. Vm so glad you coined along this morning. It's n >oor place for the likes o' Miss Crcvcl ling ; but go right up— 'tis my opinion there' no time to be lost."" What few gossips were ont on tlie street wondered that Miss CrovcllingA horse should stand so Joog before .Jake's shop, but tlic most of the men were off ofter the fish which had ap peared that morning, and the women were mostly indoors. Cecilia remained npstairs nearly an hour. When she came down she had in her hand a pair of woollen stockings which she had pur chased of 4gnnitiy," as Jake called the old woman. u I think yonr mother is better," she said. " If .1 did not, I should have Doctor Gaines of G — : — borough over this crcuing after dark. If she gets worse do you hire a borec and go after the doctor, without a word to anybody. He is n 'better physician than your village apothecary, nnd he will be discreet." > That's so, Miss. It Lakes yon to think of everything." Miss Orcvelling then mounted her horse, I.jvill.liavc a gallop on .the beach," flhesoid. " I see the tide is out, and a good hard gallop will be just the tiling." So saying she rode coirn the narrow .street, turned off nt the landing-place for the boats, aod cantered -along the wet eands, .which was as hard as a floor, yet elasticcaongh to be very .grateful fo tlie animal's feet. Her horse was not afraid of 4hcvater, even -when she rode directly into it, or Ice the waves run np about hie feet ; so she amused herself and tried to shake off -the terror which "hod come upon her the night before 5?hen Jake had brought her that etoiy, whatever it was, to the /opntain. The fog was so thick down by tlie sea that abe could. tee but iwoYods jn any .direction. Consequently &be; was close -upon another rider beforc-#bo<WA5 'ewarc pi \U? A man on horseback fchec&ed; 4iia unimal, and was looking d&wn; LM ',-jfche -beach . where the water touch edit. |Ii? look was co intense tliat Cecilia was -involpnUrily dravii to look wbere be did, but b!vc saw nothing. The man wSfi fiafiil Yivien. The slight noise made by lier horse's hoof 6 in theyrctnd had Jiot attracted iiisattcntjon. Wrapjw! iri The Jic supposed ilim- sclf safe Iroui all ooscnaliou. He coii'.iuuyd to wntcli the wnlors rolling in, and to gnso nt I the -Left cli wlirn tliey -roocded wilh n intont curiosity thnt had a touch of fear and horror I it> Thus might a pcrson luok, after a ship wreck, when lie hii9 reason to expect that the waves would bring in the dend and lay them at his feet. After Jiis first glance tit the water-line tn sec whnt hnd nttraclcd him, Cecilia continued to observe him with something of the sruno look wliich'hp gnvethc beach; Twice or thrice she made nn effort to >apeDk; but her throat Was dry, and she could Jiot utter a round. 'She hnd cheeked her horse almost unconsciously. Mr. Yivien looked to her ten years older than when she liftd seen Iiim Inst. A startling change hod come over his fnee, nlways pole hut now chnlk-wiiitc, Imggiird, end old, with sunken eye-; nnd bloodless lips. Great as whs tlio reflson which she now hnd forblmrring hiin, Cecilia conld but pity. him as fllic.pead Jiis Jicart.in liis face. She had the key to timt altered and trnnblvd look. She rend the wretched secret written on the white pngc of his Imggsrd face. She looked at him intently, with the same mixture of fright nnd curiosity with which he Jmd noted what the water brought to the bench. Perhaps fire minutes passed, lie still remain ing unconscious oT her prcsennc. Then onr of the horses whinnied, nnd, with n Atnrt. Bnsil Vivien glnneed nliout liim. His. eye? still full of that dread nnd inquiry, met those of Cecilia Crcvclling. He must hnvc situ liis own ex pression mirrored in hers, lor he shrank and finally quivered uudcr them, as if he wonld thank the snuds to open and swallow liim. Tn nv. Continued. 