RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ST. ANDREW’S CHURCH.—The Rev. A. S. C. James preached yesterday. In the evening he spoke on the resurrection, taking as his text Acts XIII, 50, “And God raised him from tbo dead.” If, said tbo preacher, there «n 8 one thing of which IhcT early Christiana were ossurred it was that Christ rose from No matter wliat other differences tliev might have they never differed in their hollef that Christ rose from tho dead. The insurrection of Christ transformcdlhom from iuvos into martyred heroes. When Paul vim nnnvincod that Christ had roolly been raised from tho dead, be became a despised man among men and preached Christianity for lovo r qq(J, Tho resurrection of. Christ had raised the church to what it was to-day, and though there might ho. hoot between tho denominations all ngrcoJthat tho Saviour is not dead, but rose again according to tho scriptures. If Christ did not ri*.,from the dead bo could bo classed with men like Con fucius who shone like luminaries for a time. Thev did not rise from tho dead, ond therein Christ differed from them. His life would have been a failure had ho not risen, ns he would bavo broken his promise to bis dis hes There was nothing, except tho resur rection on which the Gospel coqld bo built, nothing else for Christians to build upon. An organisation which had mot face to face tho 19th century must have a big origin. COtfOUKOATIOKAU, FORKST STREET. — A soooial service was celebrated in this oburoh' last evening, and hymns appropriate to Easter were sung. Mr. Allen Bindley sang the beautiful hymn «Calvary” splendidly, and «The story of tho Cross,” and “Blessing, . Olorv and Wisdom” were also rendered. The service was concluded with . the “ Hallelujah Chorus.” The Rev. A; B. Rofo preached morning and evening. In the oyening h«*ook his text from the 15ih chapter of Corinthians, onth verse, “How is Christ risen- from tho deadend become tho first fruits of those that slept.” At Ibis season, said the nreoober. tho Christian churches cele brate tho resurrection of Christ. Christ was actually dead. Three lives went out that day on Calvary, and Christ’s was one .of them. History attested tho fopU, first that Gbrist died, and secondly that ho rose; from the dead. Tho hope and ' dream,'of.. . ogee pf Jewish and Pagan history found Him* fulfil ment in His death. His resurrection. was part of the plan by which bore and hereafter were to bo made part of one continuous, un broken chain. Christ never spoke of physical death This wos shown by what ho said of tho daughter of Jairus, “Sho is not dead, but slcepoth,” and further when bo said “Our friend ;£)eath with Him was -used 7 afi tho "symbol of sin and Ufo represented righteousness, and thus ho became by His resurrection tho first fruits of them that slept, teaching that not in two or throe days bub at some future time all life should oriso in Hjs likeness. It was in that hope that wo placed our dead out of sight, recognising that though physical decay bad the power ‘ to touch the life and personality of individuals, they had departed lo bo with Christ, which was far better. Thus His resurrection' was tho .promise of the coming day. ■ Sr. Lilian’s Church. — Boothovon’s Mass in C was rendered in an excellent manner yesterday at St. Kiliaa’s Pro-Cathedral at 11 e.m. Tho soprano solos wore ren dered by Miss Reid with pleasing effect, and Mrs. Wninwright song tho alto solos very nicely. Tbb addition of Mr. Allen BIndloy’s tenor voice added greatly to tho power of the choir,and Mr. Ripper’s boss solo was effective. Mrs. Tamlyn and Miss Colgan sang a beautiful composition of tho Into Dr. Bsckhaus, entitled “ victim® Pnsohali.” Mrs. Tamlyn acted efficiently as organist. In tho evening “Baeo Dies,” a'grand trio composed by Dr. Bockhaus, was splendidly rendered by Mr. and Mrs. Tamlyn and Miss White. The duet “O Salutarls” by Neukomann was efficiently sung by tho Misses Hayes and White, and Zolman’s duct, “Tantum Ergo” by Miss Colgan. St. Laborious Church (R.C.) Eagle hawk, was crowded to its utmost on Sunday morning, the Rev. Father Roonoy offioiotihg. Tho choir rendered the musical portion of tbo service in a praiseworthy manner under the conduotorsbip of Mr. Scanlon. Miss Sexton presided at the organ. Rowan Street Primitive Methodise— Tho morning’s service was conducted by Mr. Dunstan, who preached from Hebrews, dtb chapter, verso 9, u There -remaineth tboroforo a rest to tho children of God.” In tbo even ing Mr. Foot preached aa appropriate Easter sermon from John, Idtb chapter, verse 30, “ It is-finished ; and bo bowed his head and gave np the ghost” Pabbwbli. Sermons.— Tbo Rev. EL Wal lace, "tho pastor of tbo Bondigo United Free Methodist Church, who is shortly leav ing the district, preached farewell sermons at tho Calvin street and Webster street churches yesterday. At the latter place ho selected his text from tho. words, “Finally my brethren farewell, foe strong and Of-one mind in tbo Lord and the God o V peace fortify ydu wholly.” Ho dwelt with‘ , tho' r text' in" an in teresting manner, and in -conclusion’’spoke a few words of farewell and'oxhortation to-the congregation. The choir sang “ God bo with you till bo meet again.”M«s <Liddelinking the solo part, - „ , A Maori Missionary Service.— Rawei and Hinio Saimoa, two Now Zealand natives, conducted an evangelistic service in tbo Masonic Hall lost evening, Tho hall was pocked lo an uncomfortable degree before 7 o’clock, the time the service was to bogin,and scores of people wore unablo to obtain admis sion. The service was illustrated by some splendid limelight pictures, representing tbo agony and crucifixion of our Lord, and bis healing of tho side and maimed. Hymns in English and Maori were sung by both tho evangelists, and the singing visibly affected the largo congregation. Bliiio Saimoa bos a very sweet voice, and ns she is very well acquainted with tho English language, her singing and a scripture reading given by her were listened to with tbo keenest attention. Rawoi de livered a very touching address on tho sufferings of Christ ond His lovo for humanity, and in simple and earnest language besought his bearers to make their peace with him. A similar service will bo held next Sunday night. German Church.— Tho Rev. F. Lcypoldt having yesterday returned from Castlemaino whore bo held divine service, hold a similar oile in Gorman at the German Church, preaching from SL Mark 16 chapter, 3 verse. Pastor Loypoldt showed that whilst the resurrection of Christ for many an im movable stumbling block, U is for others the greatest source of lifo, joy and happiness. Tho preacher exhorted the congregation, especially the -young members to keep the cbild-liko belief in their Saviour’s resurrec tion, and not to bo led astray by teachings of men like Schloionnacbor, Ronon, Strauss and others, who deny the resurrection. Suitable hymns were 'Sung by the choir and congrega tion, tbo service concluding with tbo holy communion. Herr Lehmann presided at tbo organ, • 