General News. Mission at Glenelg.—On Sunday last Father Peters, S.J., began a Mission at St. Mary's, Glenelg, which is to be continued for a fortnight. Holy Mass is celebrated every morning at 6, and at 7 o'clock instructions by Father Peters fol lowing. Service is also held in the even ing, at 7*30, when the rev. father preaches again. Confessions are heard every morning and evening. Great num bers are availing themselves of the graces offered by the Holy Mission, every ser vice being well attended. St. Ignatius' Guild.—The, committee of the above society having thought it desirable that something should be done to arouse the interest of its members who for some time past have not been attend ing to the meetings very -regular, it was decided to hold a meeting in the church on Monday night, when the Rev. Father O'Brien delivered an address to a good attendance of members and friends op " Temperance." ; The rev* father descri bed intemperance as one of the social evils of thedayA Heidao.pointed out the many crimes committed under the influ ence of drinlr- and' exhorted those present to become members,' and those who were membehs te take heait dgain and work hard for ajsoctefy that has for its .object the reformation of this great feocim evil. ' The Woke of the Lords.—In the last speech which he ever delivered in the House of Lords the Lord Derby of his day, in 1669, recited With solemn effect the curse of Meg - Merrxlies uponEllan gowan. He meant it as a warning to Mr. Gladstone of the terrible effects that were to follow the. disestablishment of the Irish Church. There is no need tp say that hiB fears and his warnings were never fulfilled. But some of the Peers, when, in the con genial company of Lord Clanricarde, they gave their vote on. Tuesday night, may possibly, have recalled the dramatic mo ment when the aged Earl, with uplifted voice and outstretched hand, pronounced words that now may, with a thousand times more accuracy, be applied to them selves and to the act which they have ju6t committed " Ride your ways, Laird of Ellangowan! This day have ye quenched seven smoking hearths—see if the fire in your ain parlor burn the blither for that. Ye have riven the thack off seven cottar houses—look if your ain roof-tree stand the faster!" The roof-tree of the House of Lords is venerable with age and with a thousand associations with our national story, but even it is hardly likely to stand the firmer for the outrage which has just been committed by the Peers.—Speaker. The " Weekly Herald."—We have received the first copy of a new weekly paper with the above title. The Herald is, we understand, issued by a co-opera tive company, and will be the recognised organ of the Labor party. From an edi torial in the number before us, we take the following references to the policy of the paper " The Herald is going to run on liberal lines, and we hope it will soon earn for itself the reputation of being a Democratic organ of the first water— fearless and outspoken. We intend to champion the cause of the people and throw our whole weight on the side of humanity and the progressive movement. . . . The Herald's mission, in fact, will be to help out true and permanent social and industrial reform. . . . The paper, it may be fairly said, is owned by the people—its proprietary numbering thousands, and its views will be those of the people." This is a sen sible policy, and we trust that the new organ will be able to faithfully carry it out. It will be an advantage to have the views of the large and influential class which forms the clieiitiele of the Herald set forth by an authorised organ, whether we agree with those views or not. Mr. White, late editor of the Port A ugusta Dispatch, occupies the editorial chair, and in his capable hands the paper should progress. Messrs. Webb & Sons are the printers. The first issue is a good one and a credit to all concerned in its pro duction. We wish the latest addition to the Fourth Estate success. The Late Mas. Dowling.—A corres pondent sends the following :—" The death of the late Mrs. M. Dowling, which took place at her son-in-law's "residence, Roper Street, Adelaide, last week, must be the cause of mourning to very many friends and acquaintances of the deceased lady. Those of the early residents of Bagot's Station who are living to-day must have fond recollections of the happy and Erosperous days Bpent on the estate of the ite well-remembered E. M. Bagot and his brother Christopher, The late Mrs. Dowling, with her first husband, Mr. P. Young—who, with his younger brother and brother-in-law, where killed by lightning 34 years ago at Bagot's Station— were amongst the first to settle down to farming at Bagot's Station some 38 years past. At the opening up of the Northern Areas Mr, M. Dowling and his wife re moved from Bagot's Station, and settled down in Caltowie with their family, where they were widely known and much respected. Mrs. Dowling leaves a son and daughter by the first and three daughters by the second marriage. Mr. James Larkin, late of Bagot's Station, now an extensive farmer at Booleroo Centre, is a brother of the late Mrs. Dowling. The remains of the deceased lady were interred in the West Terrace Cemetery, Adelaide, on Thursday, October 4\. May God have mercy on her soul. Music from a Kerosine Tin. — The tin kettle is a recognised musical instru ment though opinions may differ as to the harmony produced. A kerosine tin has, we believe, sometimes done service as a drum also, but its conversion into that sweetest of musical instruments, a violin, is, we think, something of a novelty. We have been shown a violin constructed almost entirely from the receptacle in which the en-lightening fluid has been contained. . Sir Robert Lowe, when Chancellor of the Exchequer, pleaded for his tax on lucifer matches on the ground of making "a little profit out of lighK Our artizan, who is an artiste also, it would appear, would afford some de-light from the same source. The instrument is very neatly constructed from kerosine tins, the case being, of the same material japanned, and got up in a very good style. The violin, as might be expected, dis courses light and airy melody, anoL seems in every respect equal to tbe^ ortnod wooden article. The architect, who been light(en)mg his leisure Lours thus, is Mr. Sawden, a railway porter at Salis bury. As the work of an amateur this ingenious tintinnabulating instrument is very creditable. Poetry of Ireland.—Mr. W. J. Denny repeated his lecture on this 44 Poetry of Ireland " before the members of-St. Patrick's (West Terrace) Branch of the Hibernian Society on Thursday, 11th inst. The lecturer secured the rapt 'at tention of his targe' audience during his lucid discourse on Erin's national songs abd songsters, and his well-chosen quota tions were highly appreciated. _ Xt inter vals appropriate songs and recitations by the best known Irish writers were de livered by the following members1 of the societyJ. Byrne, R. J. - Cavanagh, W. J. Denny, R. P. Denny, J. Bradley, M. Fitzpatrick, F. B. Keoghj M. Luddy; J. A. Morrissey, M. Morrissey, and Jno. Walsh. At the close the lecturer was the recipient of a well-deserved vote of thanks. At the next meeting Mr. E. T. Fitzgerald, of the same branch, will entertain the members and their friends by a lecture on 44 Mineralogy." The Late Inspector Besley.—A very handsome monument has just been erec ted in eur cemetery to the memory of the late ' Inspector Besley (says the Port Augusta correspondent of the Advertiser). It stands 10 ft. high, is constructed en tirely of marble, surmounted with a Celtic cross, the face being carved with passion flowers. The cap is finished with egg and dart mouldings, and two marble bases are set on a stone block, the design being al together appropriate. An iron railing surrounds the monument, and bears this inscription:—41 Sacred to the memory of • Brian Charles Besley, inspector of police, who died at Port Augusta, May 8, 1894, aged 58 years. A loving husband, a fond father, and a faithful friend. Deeply mourned by his sorrowing wife and chil dren, who lament their irreparable loss. May his soul departed through the mercy of God rest in peace. Amen. This monument was erected by the members of the S. A. Police Force as a mark of esteem and respect for their loved departed officer." Hibernian Society.—The quarterly meeting of St. Patrick's (No. 179) Branch was held on 11th inst. The balance-Bheet for the past quarter was adopted. It showed the branch to have had a prospe rous three months. The sick pay for quarter was £10 only, which circumstance allowed of a substantial increase in the sick fund, the credit balance standing at £286 lis. lid. Nine new members were received during the quarter, making the total members in branch 144. The total cash value of branch's funds is £338 14s. 9d., of which sum £300 is in vested in Treasury Bills. Juvenile Concert.—It will be seen by announcement in another column that the Sisters of St. Joseph, Pirie Street, have arranged a concert in the Albert Hall for Wednesday next!, 24th inst. Under the careful training of the good Sisters the children always acquit them selves well, and their entertainments are well worth attending. We trust there will be a bumper house in the Albert Hall on Wednesday next. Agricultural Bureau.—We have re ceived from the secretary the 44 Report of the Sixth Congress of the Agricultural Bureau." The report, or a copy of any of the separate papers contained in it, can be obtained by forwarding a stamp for posting to the Bureau Office. Laying the Ghost.— In the 4 4 Life and Times of Henry, Lord Brougham," is the following:—44 He (Lord Brougham's father), was very fond of telling a story in which he had been an actor, and. as he -used to say, in which his unbelieving obstinacy had been the means of demolish ing what would have made a very pretty ghost story. He had dined one day in Dean's' Yard, Westminster, with a party of young men, one of whom was his friend, Mr. Calmel. There was some talk about the death of a Mrs. Nightingale, w)io had recently, died tinder some melan choly circumstances, and had been that day buried in the Abbey. Some one of the party offered to bet that no one of those present would go down into the grave and drive a nail into the .coffin. Calmel accepted the wager, only stipulat ing that he might have a lanthorn. He was accordingly let into the cathedral by a door out of the cloisters, and then left to himself. The dinner party, after wait ing an hour or more for Calmel, began to think something must have happened to to him, and that'he ought to be looked after; so my father and two or three more got a light and went to the grave, at the bottom of which lay the apparently dead body of Mr. Calmel. He was •quickly transported to the prepend's •dining-room, and recovered out of his fainting fit. As soon as he could find his tongue, he said; 4 Well, I. have won my wager, and you'll find the. nail in the coffin; but, by Jove I the lady rose up, laid' hold of me; and pulled me down before I could scramble out of the grave.' ■Calmed stuck to his story, in spite of all the scoffing of his friends '; and the gho&t; •of Mna Nightingale would have been all over the town, but for my father's obsti nateihcredulity;: Nothing would' satisfy him; but an ocular inspection of the grave «nd coffin;And so, getting alight, he arid oraepfthe paiiy returned to the gtave.' iSb^^inive- enough, was fbfi Wad, .-!wpll, driven into the coffin; but hard fixed ,by it waa a bit of Mr.CalmelVcoat-taU. i So there was an end to Mrs.. Nightingale's ■ghost." The Orhonde Bicycle Depot.—»Any intending -cycler'should give a call to the above depot, Freeman Street, City, where in addition to the locally made article the imported machines from theQrmonde, the Allard, ,and the James Cycle Works may be seen, till of which have made names for themselves in the Old World,, several im portant records recently being made. ,to their credit. They are thoroughly up to date in construction and design. The re pair and construction department is under the personal supervision of Mr. T. P. O'Grady, with an efficient staff, which is a sufficient guarantee that anything left in his hands will be faithftdly executed. Mr. V. Lewis will be pleased to show any visi tors over the premises or give any informa tion desired. Cycling is becoming more and more popular as the. merits of the Safety becomes better appreciated, for in addition to the pleasure to be derived from change of scene, the speed that can be accomplished with ease, there is also the value of the cycle as a means of transit to and from the suburbs and city daily, and the cost is now within the reach of -all. It has been a common opinion that the local builders are not capable of turning out the highest class of machine, but any one holding this impression will alter his ideas if he will pay a visit to the Ormonde Bicycle Depot, Freeman Street. This week we saw the finishing touches being put on two really beautiful machines, built to the orders of Messrs. J. Dunstan, of Kensing ton, and S. Brown, Telegraph Office. Nothing hut the best material and work manship is used in the construction of these well-known machines—the Lewis. Jewellery.—We would call the special attention of our readers to A. L. Brunk horst'B advertisement appearing in another column. The newly-engaged young man requiring a suitable present for his "fian cee "—the gay and festive benedict wishing to placate his " better half " by means of a pretty brooch or bangle—or the father of a family desiring a watch, or other article of jewellery, for John's or Mary's birthday —will one and all find their wants supplied at prices and values which defy competi tion. Superior Shirts.—We draw the atten tion of our readers to a new shirt that is being made by J, T. McLean & Co., shirt tailors, of Hindley Street, which is specially suitable for Australian summer wear, the body of the shirt being made of a material that absorbs the perspiration and has all the comforts of a soft shirt. It is fitted with Irish linen, and can be worn for ordi nary use or for dress. The shirts are all made to measure on the premises, the quality and workmanship exceeding the average imported article. 