The Coaldaooib Mystery.— Moro reports aro In circulation uboot tin- Conlhn.gio ghost. Tho latest- la that the "»pook" has announced his intention to inet all comers mi Wednesday next. Mr. Jacob Stein wus hi Dubbo on Saturday even lug. The ghost's latest prank Is the burring of doors. It is to lie Imped that something positive regarding the affair will bo lonrneit ou tho day above named. Murdered dy tiie Natives.— News has been brought iu of thu murder of Philip Mack, a young Western Australian, by natives, while travelling between Mount Murgurot and tho Ninety Mile. Mack and his mote, named Ellis, were camped about 100 miles north-east uf Ninety Mile, aud, being short of water, they usked some of the natives near where to get it, when ono nuddonly attacked Mack with a tomahawk, felling him to the ground. Tho man then struck at Ellis, wound ing him itightly. Ellis fired -t him and the other natives with his revolver. Some men cumpcd within a quarier of a mile heard the shot and caino to their assistance, and the natives decamped. Mack died shortly afterwards. The police have bsen loformed and are nowr out after the murderers. Tub Victorian Railway Employees. — The Victorian Miuister for Railways (Mr. Richardson) says the Railway Depirtineot Is uot a henevoleut asylum, aud that lie wilt oot be influenced in retrenching by the protests of the otnployces. Ho has uuder consideration several pri'poscd economics in his department, in addition to the wholesale dismissals. He propose tli it mouy engine-drivers and Gro-men not onguged Iu hoavy work shall bo called upon to uct us eleuuers, ami shall Imvo their wages further reduced. Akhon. — Friday's 4 Gazette ' contains tho follow ing : Whereas on or about tho 13th April last, tho premises kuoun as the "Ossory Hotel," Ossory, near Duudtdoo, tho prnportv of Thomas Fruncis, the licensee, wero discovered to bo ou fire, which was extingulshvd heforo much dainuge wus duue. And whetea, ut an inquest held ou tho Gth inst., buf.»re the District Coronor, the following verdict was returned 44 That the promises known as the 4 Ossory Hotel,' situate on thu Bngun River, were damaged hy fire, nn or about 13th April, 1894 ; aad we further find that the premises situate afore said wcic ou the said day feloniously aud wilfully cut on tiro by somo p>-rmm nr prrsous to us, thu jurors aforesaid, unknown." Notice is hereby giveu thut a reward of C'25 will be puid by thu Govorninuut (iu udditiou to a reward of £25 oflerud by thu National Fire and Marine Insurance Com- puuy of Nuw Zealand) for such information us will leaf to tho upprehensiou and conviction of tho guilty person or persons, In addition to tho above rewind, His Excellency the Governor will be advised to extend a free pardon to any accomplice, not being the person s ho actually set fire to tho said propel ty, who shall first give such required information. Tlds reward to remain 'in force far three months ouly. 