Notes on a Trip to tlic Holy Land and Rome, 1893. (BY REV. J. SHERIDAN, P.P.) THE DOCTRINE OF PURGATORY CONCLUDED. In the sixteenth chapter of St. Luke, we find these words, " It came to pass that the beggar died and was carried by angels into Abraham's bosom, and the rich man died and he was buried in hell." Lifting up his eyes when he was in torments, he saw Abraham afar off and Lazarns in his bosom, and he cried and said, " Father Abraham, have mercy on me, send Lazarus that he may dip the tip of his finger in waterf to cool my tongue, for I am tormented in this flame." Now this pluce notified as "'Abra ham's bosom," must be either Heaven or the inferior paradise of the Jews-the Limbus of the fathers. But it cannot be Heaven, as otherwise the damned would not suffer the pains of loss-would not be deprived of the " intuitive vision "-of the sight of God. More over, it is of faith, that the damned suffer the pain of loss which is their greatest torment. Therefore the place called " Ab raham's bosom" could not bo Heaven neither could it be hell where Dives was buried. Hence it must have been the inferior paradisie or Limbus of the fathers, thereby clearly enough marking out a third or middle state for souls, which we call Purgatory. -Again, if there be only Heaven and hell, why does not the rich man direct his eyes towards Heaven at once instead of " Abra ham's bosom?' If the intecession of saints be of no avail, why not address himself directly to God. instead of to Abraham? When refused his request instead of saying, .' Then Father, I beseech that thou send. Lazarus to my father's house, for 1 have five brothers, etc.," why not say, "My God send an angel to my father's house to tell them to do penance." Being refused this request also by Abraham, who said, " They have Moses and the prophets, let them hoar them," why still persist saying " No father, but if one went to tbem from the dead, they will do penance." Here we are to observe that according to these tests: (1) That there is a place for the dead besides Heaven and hell, from which Dives wished one to be sent to his brothers, which can be no other than Limbo. (2) The intercession of saints is of divine right, "Father Abraham have mercy on me," though unprofitable to the detained. (8) That the belief of the Jews regarding Sheol is fully borne out, viz., that- the inferior paradise or Limbus of the Fathers is iu the vicinity of hell. For Dives could not only behold all that passed in Abraham's bosom, and see Lazarus, enjoy ing his rest, but also address himself to them, and hear their replies. Again, the good thief on the cross cried out to his dying Saviour, " Lord, remember,me when thou shalt come into thy kingdom." Jesus replied, "Amen ; I say to you this day thou shalt be with me in Paradise." This prayer of the thief shows that he believed souls could be relieved even after death. Now this Paradise could not be Heaven, which was not open to the human race until Ascension Thursday following. It could not be the terrestrial Paradise, of which there was no trace, at least after the deluge. It appears to be no other than " Abraham's bosom" or that place of repose for the just who were entirely purified, and may be "considered as the commencement of the enjoyment of bliss. Christ said " This.day thou sbalt be with me in Paradise," and it is an article of faith that when he died his soul " descended into hell" so that the place called hell or limbus must be the paradise promised the good thief in his dying moments. Hence, there must be a third place or prison which we call by the very appropriate name of Purgatory. Again,St. John represents Martha speaking to our Blessed Lord about her brother Lazarus after this manner : " Lord; if thou hadst been hereiny brother hath not died, but now also I know that whatever thou wilt ask of God He will give it to thee." (John XI., 22) She evidently wished that he would pray for the repose of his soul according to the custom of the Jews, but she had no thought whatever about the forth coming miracle of raising him to life again. She simply intimated to him the benefit accruing to his soul by a prayer offered to the eternal Father by Him thereby show ing that she believed the soul could . be relieved by prayer. But she must have well known that if it were in Heaven it could not be benefited, nor could if, be relieved if in hell, out of which there is no escape. Therefore she must have believed in a middle state for souls, wherein perhaps her brother was detained. Again, in the second chapter of the Acts of Apostles St. Peter, in his sermon says, " Whom God had raised up* having loosed the sorrows of hell as it was impossible that he should be holden by it." The hell, there fore, into which Christ descended must have been a place of pains, ." having loosed the sorrows of hell.". It cannot be the hell of the damned as admitted by all. Therefore there was a place which was not hell and could not be Heaven. -This prison we call purgatory. Again, St.Paul.in the second chapter to the Phillipians states that " Christ has received a name which is above all names, for in the name of Jesus every knee shall bend; of those that are in Heaven, on earth and under the earth." This homage paid by those under the earth most assuredly is not given to the name of Jesus by the damned in the lowest hell for they overlastingly hate and blaspheme that. sacred _ name. Never for a moment do they entertain such a thought as to bend the knee in honor or from a feeling of respect. Therefore that homage must come from elsewhere, under the earth, which place wo call purgatory. In the fifth chapter of St. John we read that "There is a sin which is not unto death, and there is a sin which is unto death." Now the sin " unto death," shall undoubtedly be punished in hell, but where shall the other sin be punished, which is " not unto death ?" It cannot certainly be in the same hell, for if that were the oase, it would follow that great and small, heavy i and light sins, would boe equally punished in hell's everlasting torments, and equally subjected to the pain of loss, which is alto gether contrary to God's justice", common sense and the Holy Scriptures. Therefore there must be a place of punishment for lesser offences, which we designate by the name of Purgatory. In the fifth chapter of Kevelations, we read the following : " And no man was able neither in Heaven, nor on earth, nor under the earth, to open the Book, nor to lpok at it." Here the Evangelist makes no distinction between men in Heaven, on earth, and under the earth, or in other words, between the Saints of the Church triumphant, the just of the Church militant, and the prisoners of hope belonging to the Church suffering, as to their capability of opening this Book. " Men under the earth," therefore, must mean either the damned souls, or those in Purgatory. But it cannot mean the damned souls, as appears from the words, " I wept much because thero was no one found worthy to open the Book." Now we should particu larly note that the term " worthy," cannot be applied to demons or damned souls, consequently the "men under the earth," must mean the souls in Purgatory. . Again, St. Paul tells us " That every man's works shall be manifest on the Lord's Day " The fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is, if anyman's work abide, ho shall receive" a reward, if any man's work burn he shall suffer loss, but lie himself shall be saved .yet so as by .fire." St. Ambrose, in his commentary on this passage, says, " that suoh a man shall be saved, but he shall suffe# the pains of fire, that being purged by the fire he shall be saved, and not like the wicked, tormented in eternal hell fire." And St. Jerome, on the samft passage says, " The man whose work burns and perishes,.shall indeed lose the reward of his labor, but shall himself be saved not without tho probation of fire; therefore the man whose work shall abide which he has built shall be saved without the probation of fire, and hence there will be some difference between salvation and salvation.. Honce the fire alluded to, can be no other than what we designate by the name of Purgatory. PROOFS FROM REASON. This dogma of Purgatory being subscribed to by Jew and Gentile, Pagan and Christian must have been delivered to them either by primitive and divine oral tradition, or by a stupendous miracle, or it must havo been tlio result of imposture and a conspiracy, which included all the peoples of tho earth. Now, it cannot have proceeded from a stu pendous miracle as there is none on record to show that men who went to bed at night not believing in purgatory, got up in the morning firm believers in it. Neither can it be the result of imposture or conspiracy, for it is both morally and physically im possible that all the nations of the earth so different in climate, country and color, lan guaye, habits and pursuits, passions, interests and jealousies, nations that never knew each other, never met eaoh other, widely separ ated from each .other, or perhaps betimes at war with each other-I say it is impossible that they oould combine together in a con-* spiracy without any plausible pretext or visible advantage to themselves to deceivo posterity by establishing a false dogma of religion. Therefore this doctrine is not the result of imposture or conspiracy. Hence, it must have been delivered by antique oral tradition to the first inhabitants of the earth, and by them to all posterity. There is no alternative explanation. Again, nothing is more positively affirmed in the Sacred Scriptures than " that God shall render to everyone according to his works." But if there be only Heaven and hell it is impossible that this" text can be fulfilled, for " nothing defiled can enter Heaven," and a jocose lie or an idle word defiles the soul and thus deprives it of that heaven. " Out of hell," on the other hand, " there is no redemption,'' for its torments are eternal, and the pain of loss without end. If there is no purgatory it must necessarily follow that the soul guilty of an idle word or jocose lie must be submitted to the same eternal torments and same.pain of loss with the soul of the murderer "and blasphemer. Without going further, justice abhors such an idea, nature shudders at it, reason rejects it with indignation, common soise loathes it, and holy charity flings it bacu into the teeth of its abettors. There fore there is and must be a purgatory. To sum up, then, I say this identical Purgatory and the inferior Paradise were the intermediate abodes of souls as admitted by Jews and Gentiles and by all nations without exception. It is the same that Jacob meant when he said " he would go down to hell to his son mourning." It is the.same from which the ghost of Samuel came up to visit Saul. It is the same that Tobias recognised when he prayed for the souls of his parents. It is- the same in which Job expected to find protection ; tlio i same into which David in spirit saw the soul of the Redeemer descend; the saine tho Author of Wisdom points out as tlio refreshing abodo of the just; . tho same that Izaias means by the jnt ; tho same in which he represents the Patriarchs as sending up their sighs and prayers for the Messiah to come; the same in which Mioheas with all the just waited for God their Saviour the same out of which Zachary sees the prisoners come by the blood of the New Testament; the same that St. Matthew means by the bowels of the earth; the same that St. Luke calls " Abraham's bosom"; the same that Christ when dying called Paradise ; the same out of which he called forth the soul of Lazarus; the same prison to which lie went, according to St. Peter, to preach to the dead; the same" in which St. Paul - makes the hay and stubble of men's works burn; the same in which minor sins are punished; the same out of which Christ led " captivity captive the same in which knees bend at the name of Jesua; the same that shall be swallowed up by hell on the day of judgment; tho same that all the Holy Fathers and universal Church believed in. Would it not then, I say, be the height of rashness and pre sumption for me-for any man--to prefer his own private opinion to this immense weight of learning, sanctity and authority ? Would I not bo guilty of the greatest impiety were I to stand aside with sealed lips whilst the whole Christian world, whether Catholics, Greeks, Abysinnians, Russians, Armenians, Copts, Melchites, Ethiopians and every other sect that broke off from us in the early ages, are sending up their unceasing " De profundis" for departed friends ? would I not be the coldest and most heartless of men were I not to pray for my deceased relatives because of some prejudice imbibed in youth in direct opposition to tho testimony of Scripture, tradition, and even reason itself? Now, after all that has been said, if a doubt arise in my mind from whatl kuow on this matter now. that I never knew before, is it not my bounden duty to sift the whole thing to the bottom by making all due inquiry to settle that doubt? For if I want to know the true import of a vital question of law or the Constitution of this country, would I not follow the commonly received interpretation and united decision of able exponents such as Windeyer, Waldron, Salomons, or Darley ? Should I not prefer their united opinion to that of any political ,demagogues who might start up and miscon strue the Constitutional fabric without either public authority or the practice of nations to support them ? For a much stronger reason should I discard all novelty in tho interpretation of Scripture, a matter of a thousand times greater importance and rather follow tho unanimous teaching of all the world whether Jew, Pagan or Christian, extending over a period of close on 6,000 years? I say now in conclusion, if a man refuse to adopt this doctrine, and persist in recognising only two places after this life in direct opposition to tho divine and human evidence of both tho ancient and modern world, he acts most injudiciously and cruelly towards himself, and shall perhaps find to his cost and disappointment in the end when it is too late that he may be forced " to travel farther and speed worse." Tennyson grasps tho Catholic feeling when he makes his hero, whose course is run, thus address his surviving comrade : I have lived my life, and that which I have done May He within himself make pure ; but thou, If thou shouldst never see my face again Pray for my soul. More things are wrought by prayer Than this world dreams of. Wherefore let thy voice Rise like a fountain for me night and day. For what are men belter than sheep or goals That nourish a blind life within the brain. If, knowing God, they lift not hands of prayer Both for themselves and those who call them friend. For so the whole round earth is every way Bound by gold chains about tho feet of God. In my next I shall dwell on tho Capitol -tho Pantheon-Column and Statue of Marcus Aurelius, and some Churches and relics. . (To be Continued.) 