MRS. PICKERING'S VANITY. Old Mr Hudson bad- retired from business some years ago. His business had been that of a dry saHer, and he had understood it so weU as to make a fortune at it. Before re tiring from business as a drysalter Mr Hud son had. if we may be permitted the phrase, retired from business as a husband. Mrs Hudson bad died in aU the fresh enjoyment of her carriage and her silks and her jewelled brooches and bracelets, leaving her husband, as bis sole companion, a little sickly boy of half a dozen summers. For a good many years after retiring from business John Hudson ruffled it with the beat ; visiting about, entertaining in grand style bis many friends, travelling abroad, and enjoying to the full tbe riches be had toiled tor. His only child was sent in due course to Eton, and 'thence blossomed forth into a second lieutenant of a smart cavalry regiment. But at length old Hudson's holiday after toil Bhowed signs of drawing to.a close. His health began to break, old age was coming upon bim ; tie pleasures that his money had brought bim, eating and drinking, riding and driving, sitting in fine rooms, being treated with deference, and Eometime3 sven with Beryfiity, buying costly treasures of art, would be pleasures no longer. He had done his work, be bad had his day. Tbe account was about to be closed, at no distant period would come tbe " long, dreamless sleep," said old Hudson to himself as he crept up and down the Bunny path of his highly ornate garden, and mused on the great mystery of life and death. Realising that bis part on the world's Btage was played, and resigning himself to oia age ana mvauaism, ne uuiuuncu a great part of his large staff of servants, and shut up most of the BhowHy furnished rooms in his great new house built after tbe sty r of a favorite London snbnrb. The servants who now formed the old gentleman's reduced establishment were : — Simon Pickering, a personal attendant (' gentle, patient, and experienced with the old and with invalids," said his testimo nials), who had replaced tbe smart valet of more vigorous and fashionable days ; the said Simon Pickering's wife, a plain- featured woman approaching middle age, who dis charged the now not very heavy duties of cook and housekeeper ; a couple of house maids, and a coachman, who did little save exercise his horses daily, his master having grown partial to tbe gentle movement of a bath-cbair. A neighboring medical man, who had often been a guest at Mr Hudson's table, would diop in from lime to time in an in formal way, but tbe invalid restnt-d the notion of seeming under a doctor's care, and of being thought seriously ill. True, be bad had a Btroke of paralysis, but people Eome- times lived for years after that if they were careful and kept quiet ; and he was inclined to be impatient with his son when the lat ter, now Captain Hudson, appeared at High- stead on short leave, having heard of the sadden failure of his father's health. On a golden, mild autumn afternoon, Captain Hudson bad returned to Ms regi ment, and J osiah Hudson, leaning on the arm of Ms attendant, Simon Picketing, moved slowly along bis smoothly-gravelled garden path. " Pickering," said old Hudson, after contemplating the scene for some time, "my sands are running out. Have ycu ever thought of heaven, and wondered what it will be like ?" " I can't say as I've thought much about it, sir," answered the attendant respect fully. ' But he gave his master a searching ulance, for the question and the tone in which, is \v» -oo-oH constituted, he con- siaerea, a new symptom For 'a few minutes the old man afcood Bilent; then he turned and leaned yet more heavily on the arm that supported Mm. " Take me in, Pickering ; I m afraid I va taken & chill " Late that evening Pickering sat watch- in" by bis master's bedside. One of the bad been sent to Doctor Pago s to ask him to come round, as Mr. Hudson was not so well. She had come back with tbe information that Doctor Page was out just then, but would come a3 soon as be re turned. Pickering sat by tbe bed where the feeble old man lay in a restless, feverish doze, and wondered whether this "bad turn" his master had taken would prove fatal. And while he so wondered and while the clock in the passage ticked loudly through the Eilence, and an occasional ember fell aU too noisily from the fire, the old man's eyes opened and looked at the figure seated beside bim but hia mind it seemed, was wandering, and be thought he was Hooking at the son who had left him a week before. "Humphrey, I'm glad you're there, Humphrey," said the ex dry-salter, pick ing at the bed-clothes with his hot, eager fingers. "I just dreamed you had gone back to your regiment; I'm glad you haven't. I wanted to tell you, Humphrey, (bat there's money in the house — more than is prudent, and ycu'd better bank it again. It's a matter of a thousand pounds in notes ; I drew it out because I meant to attend a sale at Christie's and pick up some treasures, but I was taken ill, and there the money is. It's in the secret drawer of the cabinet over yonder ; you know how to find the secret drawer, Hum phrey, don't you ? Open the secret drawer with the smallest key of the bunch I a! Wft-no oa rr-rf aRr.nfe vrifll 1110 take the drawer right out, and fed about at the back of its space till you feel a tiny knob the size of a pin's head, press that, ana a little drawer will spring out at the side put your hand iu it and feel about on its roof till you find a tiny roughness, press that, and another little drawer will spring out at the back, and in that is the thousand pounds. Go and get it now, Hnmpbxey, said tbe sick man, bis voice sinking to an excited wbiEper ; " it's not safe there ! the cabinet might be carried off and broken up. I don't trust the servants ; I don't trust Pickering ; he's skilful and gentle, but he lias a sunning eye — and I don't trust his wife ! Get it out, Humphrey, by> and bank it— or we may both be murdered. TTi'h speech grew wilder and more, incoherent- after this— his mminer more feverish and excited. Ten minutes later Doctor Page's ring was heard at the door. # a Josiah Hudson never rallied from that "bad turn." Doctor Page remained with yhim through the night. Just at the approach of dawn, when life is lowest, .another and severe stroke descended on ithe feeble form in the bed. He lay m ,s living death, silent, motionless, uncon scious, until after the hurried arrival of ihis son, and then passed into a w.orld where his real estate and Ms personality availed him nothing. , . On the evening after the funeral. Captain Hudson sat deep in conversation -with Mr. Lincoln, the family solicitor, in -.the Highstead Villa. . " The bank tells me be drew out a thou- sand pounds in notes a fortnight ago/' liie captain was saying in a low, discreet voice, " but there is no such sum in the aacret firawer of his cabinet, where be always kept aav considerable amount of ready money that he had in the house.- He was in the habit of attending art sales at Christie's, and would draw out large Bums for that pur pose If tMs thousand was drawn with the intention of attending the last sale, and he -was prevented by his illness from going to it =-vyhy, I suppose a pretty big robbery has been committed I Of course the bank "has tbe numbers of the notes, but we can t stop thtm on a supposition— for my father may have drawn put the mopey flud pand it away on some private business tbaj; ye ion t know of." The lawyer shook his head. 11 We should have found some memoran- -'dn.-u of such payment among his papers. It iis my firm conviction that Mr Hudson drew the money out with the intention of attend- »g Christie's, last pale, and? was prevented by Mb illness— that, in his failing Btate,-he did not put the money in a sufficiently safe place -(unless, -indeed, -one of - tbe-servants has discovered the secret drawer of the cabi net), and that the thief and, as yet, the money, are under this roof. TMs man Pick ering," and the lawyer's tone dropped still lower, " what is known of him ?" The captain shrugged his shoulders. " He came to my father some months ago with a character that gave him all the car dinal virtues — in short/he seemed the very one wbat's-hif- aame in ancient, times was always looking lor with a. lantern. His wile was engaged at the same time bb cook- housekeeper j I know nothing against her, except the worst that con be said of a woman — she's uncommonly plain 1 ' The solicitor mused in silence for a time. " And you tell me they are leaving here for another situation the day after to morrow ; the best thing you can do is to have a detective up from Scotland Yard to morrow morning." It was the night following that on wMch Captain Hudson "and the solicitor had con ferred together. ' Simon Pickering and his wife were in the housekeeper's room, and had, as was evident from the appearance of the table, been enjoying a snug little cupper. They were now seated one at each side of the fire, and Mrs Pickering, having thrown a cotton wrapper around ber shoulders, had taken down her abundant dark hair and was brushing it at her ease. The late Mr Hud son's housekeeper was a woman of rather unusually plain face, and was, therefore, perhaps inclined to be the more vain about, and carefnl of, the one little gift to her. So she sat brushing her generous allowance of fine dark ha'r while she looked into the fire with knitted brows and face oE deep cogita- tion. Her husband watched ber with evident anxiety as to the result of her musings Presently, after going to the _ door, for the third time witMn ten minutes, ascertaining that no one wbb listen ing ontside, re-closing it, and returning to his chair, Pickering leaned acrosB tbe hearth, and addressed his wife in the lowest tones of his soft voice. Yes, we must hit on some way at once of smuggling the n lies out with ua to-mor row morning. If we can't hit on some plan of the kind, they'd best go into that fire direct I This detective that's been here to day (for that's what he is — I spotted him at one e I) will have all the servants 3earchtd just as we're ready to start — that's their ia- tention. So 6et your wits to work I It wonld be a pity to burn a thousand pounds. I don't know a3 1 should have done as i did, only I was so sure of your ihelp Women are always to tbe fore ia a shady businssa." " And men are always ready to make use of us in such businees, and lay all the blame on us afterward," rejoined Mrs Pickering with some asperity. After a pause she rose, looked at herself in the little mirror, and, twisting ber hair into deep, old-faibioned rolls on each side of her face, asked nonchalantly — " How should you like me in thiB Bty:e, Pickering? It's not fashionable, bat it's becoming." Simon Pickering stamped nil foot and clenched bis hands. "Do you want me to go distracted ?" he said, but his voice did not get imprudently loud though his rage was great. To talk about the fashion of your hair at such a time 1 There's a thousand pounds at stale, and the chance of ten years' hard labor. 11 yon was handsome it wonld be maddening enough to hear of your vanity just now ; but being what you are — " " Yes, I think it would Buit me very well," said Mrs Pickering to herself , . still calmly surveying her reflection in the glass ; ' ' I'll change the fashion of my hair from this very night, and wear it in rolls." Simon Pickering was right in his predic- tion. Immediately betore departing to tuc oow situation which they professed they had ibtained, the late Mr Hudson's attendant and his wife, as also the rest of the domestic itaff at Highste«d Villa, were searched. Their boxes stood ready, and they had ju-u 'aken an early breakfast, when the Scotland Yard functionary and bis female assistant pre»ented themselves. The Pickerings suo- mitted with cheerful readiness to the pro cess. Mrs Pickering and the female searcher withdrew, and on their reappearance in ten minutes, the housekeeper's pleasant manners seemed to have won sensibly on the stern policewoman. Their boxes were turned out, but yielded n<j more proof of guilt than their persons bad done. No pretext re mained for detaining them. Pickering fetched a cab, the boxes were placed on it, Mrs Pickering, after adiaus to h'-r fellow servants and a curtesy to Captain Hudson, who happened to pass across the p issage, stepped into the cab, her hu3band mounted the box beside the driver, and the vehicle trundled away down the Highstead Hill, ostensibly bonnd for Huston station. But Inspector 8harpe of the detective force was ill at ease. He did not like to see these people depart in pcaco, yet he could not denin them. There might have been no robbery at ail. Old Mr Hudson might have paid away the thousand pounds in private business and left no memorandum of such payment. On the other hand, if there had been a robbery, this highly respectable couple who had just taken their departure seemed to Inspector Sharpe, despite their having come triumphantly through the morning's ordeal, a quarter toward which he would do well to direct his talents. He would lik8 to keep them in view. Toremain at Highstead Villa investigating was, however, also a' task much after his own heart. But it was clear -he would have to depute another for one or other of these duties. While he ruminated thus, pacing silently alonp the lower Dassages of Highstead Villa, the voices of Rose arid Emily, the two house maids, reached his eaTS from the kitchen near at hand; he pauBed instinctively to listen. " Well, Emily, you and me'il be off in a day or two I I only hope in my next place there won't be no old (gentlemen dying, and their Bons going and having the servants searched afterward as if they'd committed a murder — that I do 1 It's an inBult to honest girls like you and. I, that it is 1" A second voice assented with a good man; exclamations, and the first voice continued : "The idea of that there Mrs Pickering having such an amount of vanity 1 I won der what sudden freak took her to change the fashion of her hair and wear it in them old- faihioned rolls ? To be Bare, I think 1 never did Bee an uglier woman 1" " She is ugly, and yet she managed to get married, you see," remarked the second voice. "Yes," rejoined the other,' "that's what always puzzles me I These ugly women always get married, whilst good-looking, girls like" yon and I don't get the ghost of a chance I" " Speak for yourself," was the somewhat indignant retort. " I could get married to morrow, if I chose, but I'm ambitions. I must have & Jjusband as'll keep me like a lady. No— I never did see such a flight as Mrs Pickering looked in thsm great rolls of hair I" Inspector Sharpe passed on silently down the pasiage, and nis musings deepen«i. f if The Seagull, a Bmall paddlei steamer be longing to a certain line that plies between the Thames and the Flemish seaports, lay at the wharf, waiting to drop down the river in the early morning. She had iaheii on her cargo, wMch, on the return journey, would be replaced by Ostend rabbits. More than her cargo the sagull did not expect this stormy October night, for, though, during the summer a good many passengers crossed cheaply to the Continent by her : and her sister vissels, the had looked for none sach for some little time. The elderly stewardess wa3 therefore a little surprised when at eleven o'clock at night, as she Eat in the ladies' cabin sipping a gluEB of something comfortable, and think ing of presently retiring iDto one of the red- curtained berths that :iined the walls, she heard the sound of an arrival above, and a minute later was aware of a solitary ldy passenger being shciyn down tbe little stair way into the cabin. " Pray, don't disturb yourself, stewardess,' said the passenger, pleasantly, " Remain by the fire and finish your supper, I b; g 1" The stewardess was at once prepossessed : in the new i arrival's favor, noted with in terest the name " Mrs Thompson " on the ticket of her bag, and, though forced to own silently ithat the face disclosed when the veil was raised was not comely, mentally pronounced the unexpected passenger, " Quite the lady I" The latter threw herself down on one of the faded red velvet seats that ran round the little cabin, " One feels a little Btrange and lonesome, stewardess, travelling without one's hus band," she said, " but I must be brave ani resist tbe temptation to have a regular good cry." " Indeed and you must, ma'am I " re sponded the old stewardess with ready sympathy, bustling to help her charge re move her cloak and wraps. " Crying doesn't mend matters, Dear .sakes alive, ma'am, I've had to do without my husband for good and all this many a year 1 Just fifteen year it is since we went pleasuring to Greenwich, and what must poor Tollyfisld do but let his legs run away with him down Greenwich bill, and pitched on bis head at the bottom, and wag took up dead." The stewardtsi wiped her eyes after this peroration and proceeded ta hang up the passenger's shawls. "And how about supper, ma'am ? Shall I get you something ? To be sure it's very late, and I don't know if — " " Oh, thank you ; I sha'n't need anything but what I have with me." Accordingly, having eaten one or two biscuits, and taken something from a flask, she professed herself ready to go to her bsrth. '' What time in the morniog do we Btart, stewardess?" " About five, ma'am. Which of the berths will you sleep in ? I can recommend this one as about the most comfortable. Dear, dear I Three months back there wasn't much choosing of where ladies would sleep, in here I I'd all the berths full, and ladies sleeping all over tbe floor as welt. Dear 8akes alive, tbe quarrelling that went on I I'd have given up my post many a time, only what can a lone widow with nine children do? Well,'! thought I'd done waiting on ladies for this year, to be sure 1 But I'm always glad to wait on one as ib a lady, pleasant and kindly spoken." The passenger bad not yet taken off her travelling cap. She now removed it, showing a fine masa of dark plaited hair, with a deep, old-fashioned roll on each side of the face. In a few minutes, assisted by the assiduous Mrs Toll; field, she was com fortably settled in one of the lower berlhs.' " Tbank jou, stewardess ; I shs'n't want anything more. Oh, dear I my poor bead aches pretty badly I " said the passonger as she la; down. " Poor dear creature 1 Does it now ? " responded tbe stewardess, tucking in the rugs aud blankets that she bad piled upon her charge. " Headache's bad, sure, though heartache's worse. Yon want some good sleep aod pleasant dreams about yonr hus band that you're parted from. But I'm afraid you won't sleep comfortably unless you take down your hair ; let me arrange it for you," The passenger drew her head away with a jerk. " Be good enough to leave my hair alone 1 " she said in a stem, threatening manner, very d fferent from her former affability. ' 1 sh>-.ll do very well and want nothing more." The stewardess drew the red. curtain; of the berth and left ber. But Mrs Tollyfield's good opinion of the Seagull's solitary paisenger wes sbaken. " A vixen of a temper, for all her pleasant ness I The idea of flying out at me like that, all for nothing I " Thus cogitating the stewardess went . to rest. At five o'clock in the morning there was plenty of bustle on I be little deck of the Seagull, and enough shouting for an Orient liner. Below the stewardess was busy also, and the one passenger, having just emerged from her berth and put on the few articles of dross that she bad laid aside last night, was Bitting by tbe little fire, in the ladies' cabin, wrapped in a Bhawl. " We're off now," aren't- we, stewardess ? " she asked with an eagerness that was half involuntary, ae she took the cup of tea that had been prepared for her. " Yea. ma'am, we're off now." Mrs Tollyfield's tone was a little stiff ; she had not quite forgotten the rebzff of the previous night. Sure enough, they were off. The paddle wheels turned once, slowly, laboriously, svith a great deal of churning and splashing ; turned twice, more easily ani quickly ; turned three times ; the passenger standing on a seat and looking through a porthole that commanded the farther shore of the river, saw the dingy warehouse begin ito slide away. "Yes, we're off now," she said gaily, jumping down and coming back to her saac by tbe fire- But in another moment she added, " We've stopped I . What's that for ? " The paddle wheels had suddenly ceased their splashing and churniDg ; the shouting above was more vehement than ever, arid seemed to ba responded to by shouting from the shore close at hand ; then the Seagull began to back. "Something been forgotten," said the stewardess, " and we're returning for it." The passenger set down ber half finiih'ed cup of tea and listened. . The shouting continued, and the little vessel slowly backed to the wharf she had just quitted. " Seems to be another passenger coming on board," said the stewardess. Her companion made no answer, but gazed sternly and stonily into the little fire before which Bhe sat. A few moments later brisk steps were heard coming down the stairway, and then came a peremptory rap upon the door of the ladies' cabin. " Who have you got in here, stewardess ? " inquired a man's voico, as Mra Tollyfield hurried to the door. " One lady, sir," " Ah I that's right," Baid Inspector Sharpe, stepping into the little room. " Good morning, Mrs Pickering. You very nearly gave ns the slip— very nearly I I've been thinking that that little ceremony that you took part in at Highstead Yilla yesterday morning, you and tbe rest of the household staff, was not quite thorough enough. My female assistant didn't ask you to take down- your hair, ma'am, so I've followed you to get you to do it, if jou'll be so good." Mra Pickering looked at the inspector, then looked at the. wondering face of the old stewardess, " Well," she said, with a quick, deep sigh, !' the game's up, I suppose. Five minutes ago I thought I was safe. Bad luck to you, officer, for not giving me the ohance of getting eleanaway," She paused a moment. : "Will you shake out those rolls, Mrs Pickering, or shall I ?" said Inspector Sharpe, " Oh, I'll take 'em dowu I It's no good refusing now." She put her hands up to her hair, unrolled it, and laid'the contents on the table. The detective carefully smoothed the paper out, until ten bank noteB lay on the table. The inspector quietly placed them together. "Ten one hundred pound notes make a thousand pounds, the sum missed from the late Mr Hudson's cabinet. Not a bad notion at all, of concealing them, Mra Pickering 1 I don't suppose any lady's hair was ever more expensively dressed, ma'am: And now if you'll put your bonnet on, I must ask you to return on shore with me." Five minutes later the Seagull steamed away without any passengers, the stewardess loud in her wonder and her moralising?, " Dear BakeB alive I So that was why she kept her hair rolled, and flew ont at me last night. And me thinking it was all temper I How we do misjudge people |" She—" I am only going to give you one Mss, for you have been smoking." He — " But you told me you didn't mind it." She — " No. But Fido does." Mistress — " So you are going to leave my service ? Now, what motive impels you to go away ?" Servant — " It's no motive, madame; it's a soldier." He—" She is a general favourite among tJie men, I take it." She — " What makes £ou think so P" He—' "Th? women all seemi to hate he):," 