"INTJE^JDHJaS: "Short, Sharp,'Shiny." Ethel—" I know he is a financier, bub he is not a speculator." Maude—" How do you know, dear?" Ethel—"He didn't buy.our engagement ring until he was. quite sure that I would accept him." Cool Weather For January. Burglaries. British politics. Theatre to-night. Active Anarchists. Brazilian troubles. Matabeleland troubles. 'A "poor map's budget" • The Brunswick murders. The situation in Europe. A daring burglary in Sydney. Russian designs in the Balkans. 1 Bush fires in New South Wales. Another burglary in Melbourne. Mr. G. S. Fowler on the sick list. The last night3 of the pantomime. The Queensland frozen meat trade. The Mount Morgan gold robberies. . A British steamer fired at near Rio. The Hobart City . Council in trouble. The Metcalfe Shire News office burnt. The Advertiser sold out on Saturday. : Mrs. Knorr confessed to two murders. Salvation Army celebrations to-night. Mrs. Knorr was hanged this morning. Mrs. Knorr's death was instantaneous. Memmott has beaten Coles at billiards. Reduced freights for Australian produce. Lady Braddon is returning to Tasmania. ■ Bank of Australasia shares quoted at £GS. Bishop Kennion arrived by the Himalaya. General Ignatieff on the Balkan situation. A Sydney shipping firm robbed of £13,000. j The death of M. Waddington is announced. Another discovery of gold in Wesb Australia. Sir Edwin Smith will soon be with us again, j \- The Express on Saturday as popular as ever, j The Cathedral was crowded on Sunday even-1 ing. A son of Sir Julius Vogel killed in Matabele-1 land. A_ strange elopement reported from Auok land. 37 members of Captain Wilson's force J killed. War is predicted between Russia and j Austria. A petition in favor of the reprieve of Vaillanb. Extension of the eight hours system in England. An expert estimates that our harvest will be 8 bushels. An increasing demand for the Express each j Saturday. Bishop and Mrs. Kennion returned on | Saturday; " Mr. Jones collided with a cart, but did nob | damage it. . The Himalaya brought back several South I Australians. An Auckland wife has eloped with 'her | father-in-law. The Parish Councils Bill passed through | the Commons. Four new Anglican clergymen coming to | South Australia. The Advertiser and the Express daily grow ] in popular favor. The wheat available for export will be 11,037,500 bushels. Obto Frank, of the Cape Jaffa lighthouse, died on Thursday. New electoral rolls have been completed in | New South Wales. Nominations for the A.R.C. Summer meet-1 ing due to-morrow. Mr. A. W. Dobbie was a-passenger from | India on Saturday. Lord Ripon favorably disposed towards the | Pacific cable scheme. Mr. Price Williams, the well-known engineer, | Is in Australia again. The early rains made the Bundaleer Forest | young trees go ahead._ The public are always anxious to buy a copy | of Saturday's Express. The New South Wales Parliament will be | opened on Wednesday. The Yankalilla Government flagstaff was blown down on Friday. The Union Bank of Australia has declared! an 8 per cent, dividend. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide has | returned from England. The eight hours system to be extended to j British navy dockyards. Many of the Himalaya passengers were considerably knocked about. One hundred members of the Commons | want a "poor man's budget." Mr. H. C. Kelly, M.P., was killed by a trap | accident on January, 13, 1891. The wife of an Auckland man has run away | with hi3 father,'aged 68 years. TheBuke of Clarence and Cardinal Man-1 ning died on January 14, 1892. Mr. Price Williams Bays the Brighton cement has withstood the severest tests. Hostilities in Brazil seems to be oarried on In a somewhat leisurely manner. Essie Jenyns declares thab she has no inten tion of going on the stage again. The weights for the Newmarkeb Handicap and Australian Cup are due to-day. First meeting for this year of the Aus tralian Natives' Association to-night. It; is said that Russia and Germany have finally concluded a commercial treaty. The Victorian Marine Board intend in vestigating the Tenterden casualty to- day. Sir James Cockle, ex-Chief Justice of Queensland, was born on January 14, 1819. Frederick Thomas has embezzled £13,000 from Messrs. Lorimer, Rome, & Go., of Sydney. It is reported that a rich gold reef has been found in the back yard of a Coolgardie publi can. Captain Wilson's force were surrounded by hundreds of Matabeles and were finally over powered. Mr. Isaac Crawcour, who was shot by a burglar at Williamstown on Friday, died on Saturday afternoon. Mrs. Knorr previous to her execution en gaged in singing "In the sweet by-and- bye" and " Abide with me." No country in the world produces so many eggs as France. Her trade in this department in 1892 reaohed the gigantic sum of £10,000,000. During the past summer no fewer than 39,000 games of lawn tennis and 5,000 games of* crioket were played in the London parks under the control of the County Council. The American President has received a State heirloom from the Sultan in the form_ of a medal set with diamonds in commemoration of the 400th anniversary of the diBOOvery of| America. ' I Mr. Coxeter, a oloth manufacturer, who re- I cently died at Newbury, England, once won a £1,000 wager by producing a coat between *aarise and sunset, tine wool for which was growing on the sheep's back the same morning. | Someone deolares that ghosts still haunt Hampton Court Palaoe. Doors it is stated j open and shut to ghostly fingers and some rooms resound to ghostly revelry in the small! hours of the morning. These restless vagrant | ipiries are said to inolude two of Henry I VIIL's wires—Jom Seymour aad Asmu i fridWyu. J 