WIT AND HUMOUR. For one msn who can stand prosperity there are ten who would like to try. Rich people always have poor relations; 'but poor people are not always blessed with rioh relatives. "Yes," said the proprietor of the barber's shop, "he was a very good barber, but we had to let him go ; he didn't understand the business," "What dlid he do 1" " He forgot to say to a bald- headed customer that his hair needed trimmiing to-day." Eminent Q.C. (addressing jury): "And, gentlemen, when we reflect on the very strong safe, the had tools, the poor light, cramped quarters, and my client's natural weakness, :ea 1iot right in claiming he earned the stolen L3O? by the sweat ,.f his brow 1" S"All the world's a stage, Sam, and the men and women merely playere." "Yea, massa; but if dat' so, where you goin' for to get yer audience and orehestry." Scientitically Explained.--"Doctor, why is it that some people who are perteot wrecks live longer than others who are strong and wellF' "Er- well-you see, the others die first." He Didn')Denoy It.-She: Before we wire married you said you loved tte very ground I walked on. iHe: So 1 did, and I love it still. "Jack, hveo a bannaa :" "No; I'llhave a pear." " I've only got bananas." " I know that." "Then why do you ask: for a "eor "Becanse that's what I want--a pair of bnanas."-Fram" IHarper's Young People." Pa and ma were sitting quietly near the fireplace. Pa was reading a paper and ma was knitting. P'resently ma looked np over her glasses. "Pa," she said, "I b'lievo oaf Henry is in love." " What makes you think so!'" " Well, he a'nt rat nothin' for a week past to speak of." Pa laid his paperdown in his lap, folded his handss overt and gazed into the fire rellectively. "It's kinder quear'boat bein' in love," he said slowly. " When people is courtin' they never seem to keer for victuals; hbt jest as seon as ther get married victuals is about the only thing they'll hustle for, seven days in the week." NOT SATISFIED. I kissed her a dozen times last night, And now it makes me sore To think that if I'd only staved I might have had one more. "Is that a real Italian count that is call. Ing on your sister!" Jimmie: "Well, I should say so. And he must be well known " all over his native land, for there isn't an ioeeoream man in town but what calls him by mame when they speak." TIEIR TIIOgIITS. " What a beautiful thing is thought," she said; "A boon it is to myslf and Jim. I sit and think he is thinking of me, And he sits and thinks I am thinking of him." Couldn't Forget Them.-" Mary," said the sick man to his wife when the doctor pronounced it a case of small-pox, "if any of my creditors call, tell them I am at last in a condition to give them something." A professor, in explaining to a class of young ladles the theory according to which the body is entirely renewed every seven years, said : " Thus, Miss B., in seven years you will no longer be Miss B." "I really hope I shan't," demurely responded the girl, modestly casting down her eyes. A ghost story-" I am thy father's spirit." pDing time-The lady who grows younger *lVky y86r. A stationer's traveller, having had a run of bad luck in prosecuting business, received from his employer the following telegram -"If you can't make expenses, come home atonce." The reply was-"Allrlght. Can make plenty of expenses, but no sales." " My task in life," said the pastor, com placently, " consists in saving young men." " Ah," replied the maiden, with a soulful longing, '"save a good one for me, won't youn?"' Hicks: "Look at Sniggs flirting with the girls over there. I thought yon said he was a woman-hater." Wicks: "So he is; but the woman he hates is not there." Another Prodigy.--ira Jinniwing (to distinguished foreign visitor) : "That piece my daughter is playing is extremely difficult, baron." Baron Breesel (in enxtreme agony) : "Ah, madame, I vish it was imposseeablen !" BACKGROUNDS. l?~kieitbefore an easel with her head tipped lightly so. A paintbrush in her fingers, idly trailing to and fro. I stood quite close beside her with awildly beat. ing heart, And praised with reckless ardour, her pro ficiency in art. How sweet obe wasand dainty I How Iloved her! I declare It seemed 1o me no other girl could be one-half so fair, As she sat there, leaning forward, in the grace. fullest of poses, And deftly putthe bhckground in a plaque of yellow roses, Ah! that was many years ago; dear girl I love herestill. Ilove her smies and dimples, and admire the wondrous skill Of her dainty, snowy fingers-I'vebeen watch. ing themto-night Moveto and fro above the work she's holding to the light, And, thinking of that other day, I doze a bit, perchanee, .Aashe deftly puts a background into Jimmie's other "pants.' He had thrown himself at the feet of the girl he loved, and on bended knees pleaded his sanse. " Will von be my wife f" he urged passionately.' "Certainly," she re aponded with fastidious frankness ; "but for goodness sake don't scronuch down in that way. I don't like to accept a wan whose pantaloons bag at the knee." Consoling: He: I always used to over estimate my abhlltie. She (consolingly): Well, never mind. Your friends never did. SOnE SATISFACTION. "I know," Remarked the gay colquette, ",1 haven't Canght a husband yet; .at then," She added, softlyasighing, "'I've had some fun while I've been trying." Bridget's Sareasm.-.Mr Harlem: Why don't you bring up the morning paper? It cams half an hour ago. Bridget: aophum h! Do you exoit me to rade it coomin' ap the itaines Toung Misreses: Bridget, yon haven't dven fresh water to the goldfish. Bridget: o0, miss; they ain't drunk what they had already. A colored woman in Texas town had juost buried her fourth hurband. As m duty bound Parson Whangdoodle Baxtercalled to console the widow. "De Lor' will temper de wind to de shorn ]amb." "Does yermeandat I'se one ob de black sheep ob de flock?" asked the widow tartly. " I doesn't mean dat, sister. All I means am dat yore affllicthn am sore. Nobody 'preshiates de mfferin'c oh de widow." "Pertickerly when dark colors make her look like a skeercrow. I reckon 1 knows all about de sufferings ob do widdy. I has been dar fosh tim?see."-" Tense Siltings." 