CHILDREN'S CAMES. ' When some yenrsngo tho folkloreists indulged themselves in a Congress, infinitely tho most pleasing porformsnco was the children's done iug gsmes, performed under Mrs, Gommo's superintemlanoe. This lady, tho wife of the present president, "o'er all tho realms of folk foro absolute," has just published a volume on Traditional Games, alphabetically arranged. It is a capital example of industry and clear ness in arrangement, as applied to a pretty sot of. institutions. Nothing in tho world is so aon- scrvativo as ohild's play, and honoe a docp mean ing lies in Hop Scotch. Children go on with their ritual, undisturbed. by ehnnge. The valley of tho Mouse might' he harried again and again undor Hddry V. anil Henry VI., but the oliil- lltlMl DuCttUtlj URiit- a""""' |'"V thafc,- under le beau May, "ihe Ladies' Lodge," tho haunted fairy tree. This Is only one eminent example 6f infantile' conservatism, unshaken by the wind of war. But o 'child's " wjiole voca: tlon is endless! imitation and what do they imitate in their games ? Everything that grown people do, including, probably, old religious rites, which may be preGhristiau. This is the idea in Mrs. Gommo's excellent book ; she com pares forms of- games, and attempts in some oases to discover the grown up exemplars of thoBe dances and songs. For example, the very first game, "Accroshay," !b a complicated leap frog. A cap is placed on tho stooping boy's bnok, the first jumper Hays 41 Acoroahoy," the next "Aahotay," tho next 4' AsshcfUy," the lost, u Lament, Lament, Loleenn's war !" These mystic words ouce had a sense. What is it? Are they Cornish, as Is tho game? Is "Lvleeiia's war" 44 Helena's war," and are we recalled to the Siege of Troy? Nobody knows, and Mrs. Gomme does not dabble in ooDjeotnre. 44 We'll wear yellow ribbons at tho Ball of Prim rose" is traced to early times, so it .has nothing to do with Primrose LongueB. As to ,4Baloon," Mrs. Gommo might have maintained that it wab plnyod by the Aztecs ! A form of Blind Man's Buff may have descended from daya of animal worship, but wo regard this as not leas problematical than our suggestion about "Loloena'a war." ,4Buok, buok," however, Is aotually as old as Petronius Arbiter. For "Buck, buok, how many fingers do I hold up?" we havo Buccat bucca, quot sunt hie ? as Mr. Tyler points out. Bucoa is tho ohtek,.-and apparently 44 buck " comes to us from the Roman regiments quartered in Britain. What other institution has suoh a pedigreo? /."Camp," again, is obviously the origin of Rugby football. There is throwing out of touob, passing and run ning with tho ball. It is quoted as early as 1486\. To bo sure passing is a modem and not a very, desirable addition to the Rugby game 44 Cat," that favorite pastime of Bunyan, .is a kind of, cricket, with a hole for wicket, and so attaohes itwolf to golf. "Cushion dance," or something not unliko it, is part of Brahminioal wedding ceremonies'. It wbh used at marriages 44 to danco the bride to bed." Old religion, perhaps, displays itself in Draw a Pail of Water." Flowers are gathered (to dress the well ?), a calco in presented, and so on. Tho ri ten of well worship, directed to the Naiads, are very long enduring, 44E!lorTree" may, coneeivnbly, represent the worship .of the aldor ; 44 It mout, or it , moutn't," as Unole Remus says. "Ghost at the well " was, appa rently, meant to discourage free thought, and tho maternal' theory that thero are no ghosts-; with these things it combines 44 fig," or ohovy, as played At Dr. Griinstone's seminary by M. Paul Bultitude and his young friends. 44 Green Graw," a very widely diffused dance, is probably a childish imitation of very old burial rites, though no looknr-on would guest it. "Hockle Birnie" seems to us to refer to Ilcaklo Burn, or Heokie's Burn,' 4,a mile on the other sido of hell." Perhaps Hexe, 41 witch," is assooiatoti with it. There is, we believo, a Hexcl Burn on Abbotsford, aud when it once ooourred to Soott, about n A.m.. ftinf. tlm tVAr/1 TTava minli4 avnlniH It, he ruthlessly went and wakened Lady Scott with the nows, well and truly knowing, as ho admits, rthat no information could be more in different to her. 44 Hop Scotch," or something liko it, existed before Christianity, Mm. Gomme suggertts in connection with the anoient labyrinth, and Mr. Crombio mixes the labyrinth with tho .Christian basilicon. So much learning may bo evolved out of Hop Scotch. ' 44 How many miles to Babylon," according to Mr. Maofaggart, may date from tuo Crueadea. 41 King George," of onurse, came later into the mystio chain of verse ; and Banbury Cross does duty now for Babylon,. "Isabella "was a pretty versej Isabella, farewell I Last nieht when wo parted I left you broken hearted, And on the green meadow You were standing alone ! Isabella is therefore consoled by being urged to take a sweetheart : ' Janet, you donnet, I'll wad my best bonnet You get a new sweethenrt before the night, says the ballad of Anthony Foatherstonhaugb, whioh, : of course, is not really antique, but a forgery by Surtees of Muin-sforth. Jcuny Jones deals with death, and the ghost of tho dead : tho rhymes -are rather pretty. There aro examples of games which cither grow up into recognised sports, like oricket, football ana golf, or rcmAin on the level of children's dances. As to the dances, the circles and rondes, the kissing, the 'weddings, tlie pumuita and captures, they are "old. and plain,' and dally with tho innocenco of love." They ore nnsuredly the prettiest things in folk lore, aud the least likely to die out. usually err. But her book, only the first volume of a dictionary of games, is tho fruit of very cbnsiderabla research, and displays tho most se'rlouH method, and is useful to readers of many sorts, for example, the musician ie interested in the tunes ; and every one must liko the faint colioes of a world long gone by whioh colio in tho songs of childish games. We are to consider liltle girls as perpetuating the anoient operatio stag, of human life, when there was a danco and song for every ciroumstance, from war to bar- vAif. 'Pliia rnof nf flio wnrlil li«a wflnd.pnil v.rv far from ita "angel infanoy.' 1 — Daily News. 