THE NOVELIST. THE HALSTONS: Bt F. MARION CRAWFORD, cthoi or " A Roman Sinqir," " Pibtro Ghirleri," " Katharine Lacdbrdalb/'&c.; Chapter XVIII. Young Winglield looked at Katharine with an air of entreaty, as though hoping that she, i least, might understand what Air. Griggs meant. She smiled as she saw his ex pression, and understood what was passing n his mind. She was supposed to have seen far more of Griggs during the preceding month than she really had, and she got credit for comprehending, at least, the general drift of his ideas, beyond what she deserved. Winglield looked at her in vain, and then broke the silence which had followed Griggs's last speech. " 1 wish one knew what to believe," he said, formulating the nineteenth century's dying question. It's not easy, you know, with all these theories about" Of the seven persons present there was not one whose convictions r ally coincided, even approximately, with any established form of belief. Yet all belonged to some one of the few principal Christian churches, by birth, early associations, and youthful teaching. Wingheld's question was received in silence. Ilia bold black eyes glanced from one to another of hiB companions, and the blood mounted slowly in his healthy brown ch eks, for he was young enough to fancy that some of these muht hue thought bis remark futile or trivial, and he did not wish to seem dull befo:e Katnarine. She found herself in a strange position. By a very natural train of citcumstances she was accidentally set np as a sort of idol that evening before the five men who, of all others, each in his own way, moat sincerely oved and admired her. Secretly married to the one of them she loved, two of the others —Hamilton Bright and Winglield—wished to marry ber. Of the othrr two, Crowdie, the painter, admired her more than any woman he had ever seen, though he was undoubtedly in love witn his wile. Had she been able to understand his admiration, it would have repelled her. Forinnately it was beneath her understanding. And to Griggs, weather-beaten, overworked, disenchanted of all that the world neld, by reason of having hail much of it either too eariy or too late, with his hard h ad and his dreamy mind and his almost supernaturally strong hands—to Griggs she represented something ; he would not bave told then, but something which Katharine need uoi have been ashamed to hear 01, nor her husband to tolerate. Ralston might even have lound sympathy lor him. They all worshipped her in one way or another, though she was a vciy human girl of li t time and place in the world. And somehow, in the sileuce which followed Griggs's speech, broken only by Wingfield's questioning remark, they all turned to her as he had done, as though in her face they sought the lost faith. Hard-headed men, some them, too, and li&id-fistcd.; The three eldest had each accomplished something. The two younger ones were perhaps on the < way. They wer rather typical men. i Katharine was vaguely conscious of their ] glances, and was the brst to speak, after Winglield. " It's what we all feel—what halt the people we know feel, though they haven't the courage to say it." Wiugfield looked at her gratefully, con scions that she had justified what he had feared had been a foolisn observation. " Katharine," said Mrs. Bright, who had not spoken lor a long rim-, " if you're going to talk theology, I shall go to bed—like the baron in the ingoldsby Legends. ' There are no windows to break, and they c n't get in'— do yon remember! So tie went to bed and slept soundly through the s.ege. It's exactly the same with theology, my dear. It's all been discussed a hundred thousand times, and yet nobody ever gets in. 'there's only one religion the whole wor d over, and that is, to do the best one can an i uelpotlier people— because no one can do better than Uie best he can, according to what he thinks right. And th re's a great deal tu soap, my uear. Itu sure peopie feel like bettci people when they're cieun, and as peop.e do wuat they feel, why, iliey really are bettci people. I'd like to try tree soap in the Slate o( Aew York ior a year, and see whether it uidn'l improve the cruniuul statistics." " lis a splendid elec.ion ny, mother," said bright. " ' Soap—bouiethiug—and ■stability.' We'll try it some day." " Ao, but there's trui.li in it,"- protested Mrs. bright. " isn't t.iere, Mr. Griggs 7" " Ut course," suswered Griggs, gravely. " Every religion that ever existed nus some rules oi uuiuiiou. Ami ttie.es ami01 truth in the other tilings you said, Airs, briguc. Only the trouble is, a cone oi ac.ion—wuu you call doing the b. si one <_au—doesut satisfy humanity, i'he uveruge .. mau oeing won t 110 anything ior ns ow sane, tie must do it for fits own advaut ge here—or hereafter, since people wul insist on using thai idiouc word." \- Why idioucf" asked Wingfie.d, very naturally. " Hereafter means a future, and there isn't any such ilmig, except in a small way, ibr matterworids and sucn >n. < t» nea, which go to pieties every two or uiree thouoauu minion years." " Yes, but the soul—if we've got one." Withheld added the lust conditional ex pression rather sheep.oniy, as though he suspected that the highly intellectual beings ainougst whom lie found n.iuseif might have done away with sucn o.d-laahioued nonsense as the suui. *" Ui course you've got a soul," aaid Griggs, rather impatiently. - But it it's a real soul, it has no weight and no site, uud no shape and uu eo.oui, nor uiiytniug resembling * S"1 right of publishing this work has bseu per teased by Uu proprietors of The Australasian. matter, nor anything with which to | resemble anything, except otj.er souls. Well, ot' course you know that time is only con ceivable in relation to matter in motion, sol that where there isn't any matter there isn't | anytime. Ami where there's no time there j can't be portions of time, which are past, present, ami future. So the soul has no I time, doesn't exist in relation to time, and [ consequently can't be said to have a hereafter. The body baa a hereafter—oh, yes—it's ab sorbed into the elements and lives over aeain thousands of millions of times. But the soul hasn't. It's eternal. If it always is to be, as we say, comparing it to matter, why, then, it always was, by the same compsrison. But the fact is, that 'it is'-and there's no more to be said. ' It is,' and as it's inde structible, not being matter, by the hypothesis, nothing can lie said of it in that respect except that'it is.' You can't say that an axiom, for instance, has a past, present, and future, can you? Well—it the soul's anything, it's axio matic. There, I've bored you to death— shall I tear another pack <>t cards for you, or break silver dollars to arouse you ? I'll do anything I'm told, now that I've had my say." Griggs laughed quietly and crossed one leg over the other, as he looked at Katharine. " You're not a comforting person when one feels religious," she said. " No—by Jo e I" exclaimed Bright. " You wouldn't have converted the cowlioys in the Nacimienro Vadey, Griggs. They'd have tried their own idea of a hereafter on you— quick. That's the trouble with all that meta physical stuff, or whatever you call it—it doesn't say anything to mankind—it only talka to professorkind. Unless a fellow's passed a sort of higher standard in termina tions, lie hasn't the ghost of a chance of spiritual comfort He couldn't understand the first word of what you talk about" " Did 1 use long words?" asked Griggs, | blandly. " I thought I didn't." Well, not exactly long words. I don't mean literally terminations. But you talk another language, somehow. I know I'm what they call an educated man, because I once learned some Latin and Greek at a sir. lui expense of time. But I can't half follow you, even when you use good plain English. The policeman at the corner would march yon off and clap you in jug like a shot if you talked to liitn that way for five minutes. That is, unless you tied him up in a hard knot with ihose hands of yours, and set him | down by the railings to cool. I wouldn't try it, though. I suppose there's a limit to the nunitier of policemen you could strangle with each finger. No—joking apart—that sort of thing isn't going to take the place of Christaniiy, you know—even as people like us look at what we call Christianity. You've cot to have something to pray for and some body to pray to, you know, after all." " Well," answered Griggs, " there's God to | pray to and salvation to pray for." " Not in your system—without any future," retorted Bright. "Oil. yes, there is." replied the other. " You seem to think I'm an atheist, or a free thinker, at least—though I can't see why, I'm sure." " Why—because—" Blight stopped, trying to formulate his accusation. Katharine laughed a little, and Wingfield looked from one to the other with a puzzled expression, as though he should have liked to understand better; Griggs proceeded to defend himself. " Did I aay that there was no soul ?" he inquired. " On the contrary, I said that the aoul was eternal. Did 1 say that there was no God ? I said nothing about iu The soul is a part of God, and, therefore, since the part exists, the Whole, of which it is a part, exists also. It's my belief, and, therefore, so far as I'm con cerned, it's fact. Belief is knowledge—the I ultimate possible knowledge of every man at the moment of asking him what he believes. ' Did I deny that the soul is happy or unhappy according to its rule of itself? Not at all, though I didn't try to explain the way in I which it strikes me. You might not under stand it. But 1 believe tiiat its happiness or unhappiness is exactly inversely relative to the amount of alloy it gets from the things of which it is conscious. As I see them all in my own way, I believe all the articles of faith of my church, and I'm a Roman Catholic." "Well—I don't see bow you can," Baid Bright, discontentedly. " You're our dear Buddhist!" put in Mrs. Bright, with a breadth of toleration peculiar toner, and becoming. " You'ie often told me the most delightful things aiiont Buddhism, and I shall never think of you as anything but a buddliist." " That's a thoroughly logical position, mother !" laughed Bright. " Stick to it!" "I can't help it if my Christianity seems like Buddhism to you," answered Griggs. " If you knew more about Buddhism, you'd se>- the difference very soon. But religion's like love. It affects different people differently. It isn't often that any two people see it in precisely the same light. When they do " He paused, interrupting himself. His tired eyes Itecame suddenly dreamy, as he stared at the Persian embroidery that hung before the disused fireplace atound which they were all sitting. " What happens when they do ?" asked Katharine. " What happens, Miss Lauderdale ? How should I know what happens when people who are in love see Jove in the same light? I'm an old bachelor, yon know." He laughed drily, being roused again. " You're right aiiout one thing, at all events," said Crowdie. " It's hot often that two , eople love in the same way. There are five of us men -here, about as radically dif ferent -from each other as five men could be, I should think. It's quite possible that we ragy all be more oi less in love at the present moment. I'm wilting to confess that 1 urn. Don't jump, Ham I I'm in love with my wile, and as we're in the family I suppose I may say so, mayn't 1 ?" " You needn't be ashamed of loving Hester, my dear Walter I" cried Mrs. Bright. Bright himself said nothing, but looked curiously at hip brother-in-law, whom he disliked in an unaccountable way. He had never been able to understand Griggs's ap parent attachment to the man. He had heard that when Crowdie had been a young art stu dent in Paris, twelve ot fourteen years earlier, Griggs had nursed him through an illness, and bad otherwise taken care oi him. There was a mystery about it which Hamilton Bright hail always wished to solve. Accord ing to bim, the best thing about Crowdie was his friendship for the literary man. Bright could not fathom its mystery, any more than he could understand nis sister's passionate, all-devouring love lor Crowdie. The husband and wife were almost inseparable. Such a state of things should have seemed admirable to the wife's brother, but tor some mysterious i reason it did nut. Bright had almost resented his sister's ardent devotion to a man who sieinedto him so unmanly. He always thonght that Crowdie, with his soft, pale face and vividly red lips, was like a poisonous tropical flower that would ultimately harm Hester in some unimaginable way. " Ho—I'm not ashamed of it" said the painter, in answer to his mother-in-law's remark. " But that isn't the question. What I mean is, that we all love, or should love, in different ways—air five of us. Look at us— how different we are ! There's Griggs, now. I've known him half my life and a good hit of )iis. If he's in love, he's picked out a soul, and then a face, and then a set of ideas out | of his extensive collection, and he's subli mated the whole in that old retort of a brain of his, and he's living on the perfume of the | essence. Poor old Griggs !" " Don't pity me, and don't patronise me, Crowdie!" laughed Griggs. " If you offend me, I'll pay you off, you know." " I'm not frightened—but I've done with you. I'll go on. There's Ralston—he's dangerous. He'd love like Othello, and lose his temper like Hotspur. As for Bright, he has permanent qualities. When hes once made up his mind, it makes up him for the rest of his lite. Faithful Johnnie, don't you know ? He's a do or die sort of man—nnd with his constitution it means doing and not j dying. Wingfield—oh, W ingfield's Achilles., An Achilles with black hair—only rather more so. With his size, it's lucky for the Trojans that he hasn't got your Lauderdnle temper that you're always talking about. Schliemann wouldn't even find the founda tions of Troy. Wingfield would pujverise the whole place and use it up for polishing his weapons. Briseia, or nothing—while the mood lasts. I don't mean to say that your fickle, Wingfield, hut you're much too human for an undying passion, you know." " How about yourself?" inquired young Wingfield. " We've each had our turn. Don't forget yourself." " Oh—as for myself—I don't know. I'll leave that to you. You can all take your revenge, and define me if you like. I'll be patient. I'm not aggressive by nature. Besides, I'm quite different—I" mustn't be judged like you other men." " And why not?" inquired Katharine. " Why—I'm an artist The foundations of my nature are different from yours. I'm a skilled workman. It's your business to be more or less skilled thinkers. I do things with my hands, you do things with your brains. The begining of art is manual, mechanical skill. Any one who's got it enough to he an an artist must be something of a materialist. He can't help it, any more than a surgeon can. What's subject to you is object to me—so we can't possibly look at the same things in the same way." " That's why you're such a confounded materialist!" exclaimed Griggs. j " Nonsense!" retorted Crowdie. " You're I always saying that matter's an illusion and an | idea. I'm the real idealist l>ecause I go in ] for matter, which is nothing but a dream, according to you." "Of all the consummately impertinent arguments!" laughed the man of letters. " You're an arrant humbug, my dear Crow die." " Since matter's only humbug, I don't mind!" rejoined the painter. " That's unanswerable unless you throw up up your theory— which you won't, for 1 know you. So you'd better leave me and my art to do the best they can together." " It seems to me that Crowdie's got rather the better of you," observed Bright. " Oh—he has. I always admit that the children of light haven't a chance against the children of darkness." " That's an argument ad hominem,' observed Crowdie. " It's your way of throw ing up the sponge." " Hit him again !" laughed Bright. " Turn the other theoretical cheek to the smiter, Griggs!" " He afraid of me, all the Bame," retorted Griggs. "These materialists are the most superstitious people alive. He believes that 1 learned all sorts of queer things in the East, and that 1 could roll up his shadow, like Peter Sohleroil's, and destroy his Totem, and generally make his life a burden to him by translating ' The Owl and the Pussy Cat' into Arabic, and pouring ink into my hand, and all that. You know you do." " Yes," answered Crowdie. " I confess that I'm what you call superstitious. I'm inclined to believe in things like magic and spells—like John Wellington Wells. Since your matter's all a dream, it can't take much to iilur it, and make it move about and change and behave oddly. Oh, yes-I believe in the spirits of the four elements, and all that—or if I don't, I'd like to." " What good would it do you ?" asked Wingfield, bluntly. "-Good? It isn't a question of good, it's a question of beauty. I want to lielieve (hat beautiful things have a consciousness and a sortof power of their own, aspecial perishable soul—the sort of soul that Lucretius talks about. I'm quite willing to think that they may have an immortal soul, too, but what concerns me is the perishable one, that suf fers and enjoys and speaks in the eyes and ; sighs in the voice." Crowdie knew what he was talking about. In painting, his talent lay chiefly in express ing that perishable, passionate animation . which is in every human lace. And so iar as the voice was concerned, his own was re markable, and the few who ever heard him sing were almost inclined to ask whether he haa not mistaken his vocation and erred in not becoming a public singer. It is not an uncommon thing to find painters who have Id autifnl voices. Gusiave Dore, for instance, mighthaveearned both reputation and fortune as a tenor. " I'm afraid you're an incorrigible heathen, Walter," sail Mrs. bright. I wonder you haven't set up gods and goddesses all over your houBe—you and Hester—with . little tripods ie-fore them, and garlands and per fumes—like Tadema's pictures, you know." "You can't symbojise matter, Aont Maggie," laughed Crowdie. "if yon do, yon get entangled with the ideal again, and your symliol turns into an idol, The Greek statues were meAnt lor portraits of gods and goddesses, not lor symbols. So were the pic tures and the images of the early church—por traits of divine and holy personages. The moment such things become symliols, there's a revulsion, and they turn into idols." "That's a profound thought, Crowdie," said Griggs, "J don't believe you ever hit on ' it by yourself." " Well—it's in my consciousness, anyhow, and I know where it comes from," answered the painter. " 1 suppose it's part of my set of ideas about matter.' " It all seems to me very abstruse," said Wingfiel d, who was considerably bored by the discussion, to Katharine, who was listen 'n* . . " No," she answered, quickly. " I like it It interests me." She had only glanced at him, but she had realised at once that he was still wholly oc cupied with herself. There was a wistful longing regret in his black eyes just then which she understood well enough. She was sincerely sorry lor him, and would have done anything reasonable in her power to comfort him. ..As he turned from her she looked at him again with an expression which might have been interpreted to mean an af fectionate pity, though she had. certainly never gojt so /ar as to feel anything approach ing to affection for the magnificent youth. Almost immediately she was conscious that both Ralston and Bright ware watching her ] during the momentary pause in the conversa tion. " Why are you both looking at me like that?" she asked, innocently glancing from one to the other. "Oh—nothing!"answered Bright, colouring suddenly and turning his eyes away. " I didn't know I was staring." Ralston Baid nothing in reply to her question, but transferred his gaze from her to Wingfield, with something not unlike envy in his look. Few men could look at Wing field without feeling )a little envious of his outward being, and Ralston was a man singularly devoid of personal vanity, like his mother. " 1 wish I could paint you all I" exclaimed Crowdie, suddenly. " That's a large order," observed Bright, with a smile. " You've all got such lots in your faces to night," continued the artiBt, with an odd enthusiasm. " There must be something in the air—well, that doesn't mean anything, of course—hut it's very strange." " What's strange?" asked Katharine. " Oh—I can't exactly exnlain. There's an unusual air about us all. as though we were under pressure and rather inclined to do eccentric things. I could paint it, but I can't possibly put it in words." " I suppose I'm not sensitive," said Wing field to Katharine. " I don't notice anything particular, do you? At least—not outside, you know," he added, quickly, being all at once conscious of something he had not been aware of a moment earlier. " I know what he means," answered Katharine. " I feel it myself. But then— I'm tired and I suppose I'm nervous." " There's a queer, mythological atmosphere about," Crowdie was Baying. " It's what we've l>een talking about," said Mrs Bright. " We're all so completely mixed on the sublect of time and space and things like that, that we're just ready to believe in ghosts, and turn tables, and make idiots of ourselves." " What a barbarian you are, Aunt Maggie!" cried Crowdie, looking round at his mother in-law. " You'd take the poetry out of the Nine Muses. Not that I meant anything poetical. It's much more « sort of creepy, dreamy, undefinable sensation. Yes— perhaps you're right after all. I shouldn't be surprised if one of us saw a ghost to night." " What will you bet?" inquired Ham, with the slow, Western emphasis he could assume when he chose. " You're insufferable I" exclaimed Crowdie. " Fancy betting on seeing ghosts I You're worse than Aunt Maggie. The only man who understands me is Griggs. Griggs, you do understand, don't you f There was something petulant and almost womanish in his tone, which struck all four men disagreeably, .though perhaps none of them could or would have told why. " Don't talk!" answered Griggs. " When yon want people to understand yon, paint or sing. You only make a mess of it when you try to explain what you feel in English. You're a good painter and you sing like an angel, but you're a bad talker." ' That's said because I got the better of you in talking just now," retorted Crowdie, who did not seem in the least annoyed. "Oh, don't begin sparring again, for heaven's sake!" exclaimed Bright. " Cousin Katharine's tired to death of hearing you two fighting. Sing something, Walter. It's much better." " Oh, no I" answered Crowdie. " Oh, no ! I can't sing, thank you. I never sing at parties—as they call it." "You don't call this a party, do you?" inquired Bright. " Don't be silly. We all | want to hear you. You're not the common ! amateur who has to be begged and flattered I and cajoled, and praised afterwards. You | can Bing when you choose, and we all want. yon to. ' " Xo. I'd rather not," said the painter, with a change of tone, as (bough lie were very much in earnest. " I wish you would !" Katharine, for the moment, really longed to hear the wonderful voice. " Do you f asked Crowdie. There was a hesitation in hia tone which suggested the idea that he had perhaps been waiting for Katharine to ask him, in order to yield the request Instantly the young girl was aware that the eyes of Ralston and Bright w< re upon her. Griggs had turned j his head and was. watching Crowdie | curiously. Mrs. Bright looked at him, too, j hesitated, and then spoke. I " I really think that promise yon made | Hester was too absurd, Walter!" she said. "What promise?' asked Katharine, quickly. " Not to sing for any one but her," said Mrs. Bright, before Crowdie could interrupt her. " Hester told me." Everybody looked at Crowdie and smiled at tne semimentality. His soft eyes glanced disagreeably at his mother-in-law for s moment, and the smile on his red lips did not conceal Ins annoyance. " Besides," continued Mrs. Bright^ " if Katharine asks yon, 1 think you might— really, it's too silly of Hester." " Oh !" exclaimed Katharine, " I don't want you to break any promise, Mr. Crowdie —especially one you've made to Hester. She'd never forgive me. PleuBe don't sing sometime when she's here—perhaps " But at ohce she again felt Ralston's glance and Bright's. She wondered why they looked at her so often. " Well then, it isn't Katharine who asks you," Baid Mrs. Bright. " I do. I'll be responsible to Hester. I know she won't mind, if it's for me. Now, Walter, do! Just to please me 1" Crowdie said nothing. He tamed his eyes upon her and then to Katharine's face. But, feeling uncomfortably as though she were being watched for some reason which she could not understand, Katharine was looking doprn, nervously pulling at a thread in the lace which covered her right arm, Wingtield was sitting on one side .of her. in one of those naturally graceful attitudes which athletes assume without thought or care, one elbow on his knee as he bent for ward, supporting his chin upon his in-turned band.hie legoluteyoung face turned towards Cm wdip,biHblflck ey« a somewhat sad and shadowy'. On Katharine's other side Ralston pat. ner vous, moody, ready to spring, as it wejre, for he bad not yet recovered lmm his auger at what had been said about secret marriages. Next to him was Bright, upright in-his straight-backed chair, his heavy arms folded on his full chest, his round head thrown back, biB clear blue eyes fixed on Katharine's lace. As she looked up again, she hod a strong impression of being surrounded by splendid wild animals. Wingfield was the tiger, colossaliy lithe, brown, black, and golden ; Ralston the panther, leas in strength, but lighter to spring, quicker to see, perhapamore cruel ; Bright the lion, fair, massive, domi nant, silent in his strength. Griggs was s wolf, grey, old, tough, destined, to die hard Borne day withpof vfiry. And.Crowdie—with his woman's eyes, hia soft, oiear voice, hia delicate white hands, his repellent pallor, and wound-like lips—Katharine thought of neither man nor beast Even in the midst of her dream ot wild animals, he was Crowdie still, with a mysterious, indescribable poisonous something in all his being which made it a suffering for her to touch his hand To this something, whatever it might be, she preferred her father's cruel avarice,' her mother's envy, heartless as.it had been while it lasted. To it she would have preferred a drunkard's trembling hand and lip. J0iln Ralston's ungovernable temper was im measurably preferable to that, or her siBter's mean pride and petty vanity. There was no weakness or sin, scarcely any prime of which her maiden heart had dreamed with horror which she would not have met'and faced and seen in its bare ugliness, rather than that unknown something of which the existence was a certainty when Crowdie was near her. In the dead silence of the moment the very faintest sound would have been loud. Whether they admitted it ornot, they were none of them just then in a natural or nor mal state of nerves, except perhaps Mrs. Bright, whose supernal calm was not easily disturbed. Each one of the five men was thinking in his own way of Katharine, and of all she might be to him. The; great passion was there, five-fold, and it made itself felt in the very air of the quiet room. Then a soft vibration, as of a soul far off, murmuring to itself, just trembled and felt its way amongst them, like the promise of a caress. And again it came, more strongly, more clear, floating in the soft air and taking life in it, and stealing to the heart with a tender, backward-reaching regret, with alow, passionate looking forwatd to things of love yet to come. Crowdie was Binging. He had not changed his position aA he sat in his chair, and he had scarcely raised his face. There was no effort, no outward striving for art, no searching for ef fect. The notes floated from bis lips as though he thought them rather than as though they were produced by any human'means, rising, sinking, with ever-varying colour, tone, and meaning, ringing, as he sang, like an angel's clarion toneB, sighing, as he breathed them, like the whole world's love-dream. Then time, too, sank away into dreamland. Before Katharine's closed eyes rose Lohen grin, Bilver-armed—floated the mystic swan clashed the clanging swords. And then, moonbeams, the passionate, great, spell-ruled love—the question and its horror of endless patting, the rush of the destroyers to the bridal chamber, the last, the very last farewell, and out through the misty portals of the dream floated again the fatal, lordly swan, with arching neck, bearing away, spirit-like, the last breath of love from Els&'s life. None of them could have told how long he sang, for time was away in dreamland, and passion's weary eyes drooped and saw not the pain. 