CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA. FREMANTLE BRANCH. The Fremantle Branch of the Catho- lic Association held their adjourned meeting on Wednesday last at the- schoolroom for the purpose of hearing the continuation of His Lordship Dr. Gibney's address. The room was filled by a very enthusiastic audience. In the absence of the Chairman of the Association, (Mr. F. Connor, M.L.A.), the Rev. Fr. Gaughren took the chair, and introduced His Lordship to those present. HIS LORDSHIP on rising was received with hearty applause. He said that it was very pleasing to him to see so many there. He had been receiving notes and gathering fresh evidence since the last meeting, one. of the notes he had received was from Mr. Randell and ran as follows:— Perth December 7th, 1894. . Right Rev. Bishop Gibney, — My Lord, — According to the report in the West Aus- tralian of this morning you charge me with statements which I believe I have never made. Before, however, I look up the reports to which you refer I should be glad to know if you acknowledge the re- port of your speech at Fremantle to be a correct report. By so doing you will oblige Yours, G. Randell. In answer to this he had sent the fol- lowing reply : — The Palace, 10th December, 1894. Mr. G. Randell, — Dear Sir, — In reply to your note of the 7th inst , I beg to say that I took the precaution of having my in- tended observations at the meeting refer- red to noted by a reporter of the 'RECORD.' This report so taken is fuller and more ac- curate than what appeared in the West Australian , and if you like I will furnish you with a copy of the 'RECORD' which will contain such report. Yours truly, \+ M. Gibney. Whether this was intended to be a challenge or not he could not say. It reminded him of an anecdote concern- ing the practice of duels, during the time of Frederic the Great, who had determined to break up the custom as far as his army was concerned. Two of his officers quarrelled, and asked permission to settle their difficulty by an appeal lo arms. " Certainly," said Frederic, "and I shall be there to see the encounter." The officers. flattered with the idea that their King was to honor the occasion, went on with their preparation. When the fateful morn- ing arrived, they repainted to the spot selected for the duel, and found the King there before them, and, in plain sight, a gallows erected. " What does this mean, sire ?" inquired the chal- lenger. "Oh, just go on with your fighting," said the King. " I am go- ing to hang the survivor, so have a gibbet ready." It is needless to add that this cooled the fury of the con- testants, who shook hands and went home. When he (Bishop Gibney) was speaking on the education question on the previous Wednesday night, he hap- pened to make use of strong language, and he did not regret or recall any word that he said. They bad been reasoning quietly for close upon three years, refuting every argument brought up against them by the opponents to the Assisted schools. This was their first line of attack, THEIR PATiENClE HAD BEEN TRIED, but if their opponents were allowed to win 'this time they would soon be at- tacked again. Their reasoning, how ever, had been like chaff. It had been useless, and it reminded him of the boy in the orchard who would not come down from the tree till the owner who had detected him took up stones to throw at him They were in the same position as this owner of the orchard. They found that reasoning was useless, and now they were determined to take forcible arguments. They were forcible when they challenged a man with falsi- fying facts, and they generally brought these charges home to them without mouthing the matter. When a man's house was attacked by robbers he was not particular how In repelled the in- truders. It was just the same with him ((he Bishop) on the education question. He did not care where he hit his man so long as he knocked him down. (Loud applause). They had formidable opponents but he was not afraid of them. (Applause). Mr. Simpson who, to use a vulgarism, was cock-of-the-walk, had like Balaam of old, from cursing them, turned to bless them. In his remarks on the second occasion in Parliament he had said : — " He referred to the claims which he said were being put forward by the Assisted schools, that they were turning out a bet- ter article in the way of education for half the money the Government paid to the State schools. When they get this extra ten shillings, they would simply empty the State schools. The Government in the face of this proposed to make this increase, and also in the face of a distinct rebellion by the Assisted schools against carrying out the wishes of the majority." This was a plain acknowledgment that they were able to do i heir work better with little means than the Government was with all its means, and yet while they admitted that they (the Catho- lics) were able to do it they said, " We will not let you." But they were just as determined to be free men in a free country. (Applause). This gentle- man then retired in favour of another member, Mr. Illingworth. The only charge which that gentleman could bring against them was contained in a little book, which belonged to the Christian Brothers series. If they would listen to what he would read to them from that book, they, would see what it was that they were charged with. Under the heading of Europe there was a paragraph giving a religious cen- sus as follows :— "Christianity prevails throughout Europe not excepting Turkey, where, though the established religion is Mohammedanism, two-thirds of the people are Christians of the Greek Church. The number of Catho- lics in Euroge is computed at about 180 millions; of the Greek Church about 68 millions ; Protestants of all denominations 60 millions; of Jews, two millions; of Moslems, nine millions, and of Idolators about 200,000." Under the heading of Oceania it was stated :— " In far the greater number of these islands the natives are idolaters. Chris- tianity has made considerable advances, especially in those islands which have been colonised by the Catholic nations of Europe, or are in their possession. In the Phillipine Islands there are over 4,000,000 Catholics ; and in Manilla, the chief town, there are several convents. The. state of religion in Australia is of the most cheering character. Pope Gregory XVI. in 1835 sent thither the first Arch- bishop of Sydney, accompanied by three priests and four ecclesiastical students. Under the auspices of this estimable pre- late Catholicity advanced with rapid strides. In 1833 the Catholics were es- timated at one-fifth ; now they are prob- ably one-half of the population. In Oceania there are 19 bishopries, eight vicariates, one apostolic prefect, and over 400 priests." Then under the heading of Africa the book stated :— " The Catholic religion, once so flourish- ing in Africa, is now but just recovering some of its ancient splendour. Catholics, though numerous, constitute but a very small minorily of the entire population, the great mass being involved in Paganism or Islamism. At the request of Pope Leo XIII., missions are now establishied in Central Africa." Now this is what Mr. Illingworth had read in Parliament and had based his objections to the Assisted schools on. He (the speaker) would ask them, was there any objection for any person to be told how many Catholics there were in any particular country. Mr. Illing- worth on the strength of those passages asked the House to say with him if "that was no dogma." Now, Mr. Illing- worth must either be a very simple man or a very deceitful man. He was a very simple man if he took the mul- tiplication table to be dogma, for the passage so characterised by him in the book was simply one of figures. He would take it for granted that Mr. Illingworth was simple, because there were a great many simple things to show of him in this connection. He would briefly state for Mr. Illingworth's information that dogma or dogmatic teaching was a common article of be- lief or faith that was proposed for the faithful to believe. His Lord'ship then gave instances of what dogma really was, as, he believed that there was one God, he believed in the Holy Ghost, he believed in the Holy Catholic Church, all there were dogmas. But it was not a dogma to say that a cer- tain number of people of a certain sect lived in a certain place. It would ap- pear that in their simplicity those gen- tlemen with Mr. lllingworth at their head were as simple as Mr. Illingworth himself, so far as understanding what dogma meant or was. The book criti- cised by Mr. lllingworth could not by any sensible man, or by any man not fit to be under the care of Dr. Barnett, be set down as continuing dogma. That was the charge against the As- sisted schools, and therefore the schools must be condemned. When Mr. llling- worth had members convinced that this was wrong teaching, he had to prove that the book was use in the schools, and in doing this he, in his simplicity, allowed himselt to be led into a very silly form of proof. He got the assistance of a would-be cleric, a person calling himself a reader, who got a few children who had been at- tending these assisted schools, to certify that this book had been in use at St. Brigid's School. Mr. lllingworth, in the House, read a number of statements obtained from children, amongst them being the following : Statement; made by Alfred Caffyn, of Leederville : " I am 10 years of age, I at- tended St, Brigid's Assisted Schools, in Fitzgerald- street, West Perth, for about 18 months, and left about five months ago to attend a school nearer home. Whilst I attended the school the geography book with my name in it was used by me the whole time." — Statement made by the said Alfred Caffyn to me, this 15th day of November, 1894, in the presence of Samuel Richards. Signed, Alfred V. Gurner. Now this was a statement made by a child of ten years of age who could not make such statement in these words un- less they were put into his mouth. All the letters were written in the same hand and he had proof that some were not true. One of these was from Ernest Stone, and was as follows : Statement made by Ernest Stone, of Leederville : " November 14, 1894. I paid the Sister in charge of St. Brigid's school the sum of 6d for a copy of the geography book (black cover) used in the school, about 14 days ago, and this morn- ing was told by the sister that the book would no longer be used in the school, and that the money paid for it would be given back to me to-morrow morning." — State- ment made by Ernest Stone in the pres- ence of his father and me, this 14th day of November, 18g4. Alfred V. Gurner. And this was his father's remark on it : I am highly displeased that Mr. Gurner should have made use of me and my little boy in the bringing of a charge against St. Brigid's School. He asked me to get a book and I, meaning to oblige him, did what I could to get him the book. He gave me 6d. for the purpose and after a fort- night I returned him the money. I did not sign any statement. G. A. Stone, Perth 23rd November, 1894. Yet Mr. Illingworth, who never made any statement that he could not sub- stantiate, must have been a very simple man, or if he was not he was —the other thing. (Applause). An- other of these papers read by Mr. ll- lingworth was : "November 19th, 1894. Statement made by George Courtenay, of Leeder- ville : ' I am nine years of age. I am attending St. Brigid's Assisted School, and am in the 3rd (third) standard. The geography book is used by the whole class. It is a small book in black a cover. I am not certain as to the name of the publisher, but I should know one if I saw it. It was used last on Friday, November 16th, 1894. I am a Roman Catholic.' — This is the statement made by George Courtenay, of Leederville, in the presence of Mrs. Margaret Wilson, of Leederville, and myself, this 19th day of November, 1894\. (Signed) Alfred V. Gurner, Resident Reader, Leederville. The mother of this boy when she heard of what had been done, was very in- dignant, and made the following state- ment : I being flie mother of the child George Courtenay from whom Mr. Gurner obtain ed a statement, with regard to the books used in St. Brigid's school, desire to ex- press my indignation that my child should be waylaid and catechised in this way, Having read the evidence which he is said to have given I believe it was obtained by prompting him or putting to him leading i questions. He is but nine years of age and is in the third Standard in which he tells me no books of geography are used. I have never seen him use a geography : for his home lessons. He tells me that he said in reply to Mr. Gurner's cross-exam- ination that books in blacks covers were used in the Fourth Standard, which was not his own. He did not know what books they were. He asserts that Mrs. Wilson was not present while Mr. Gurner was putting questions to him. Mr. Gurner was writing on a sheet of paper when she came in, and told her to sit down. Then in her presence he read a statement from the paper. He did not understand clearly what Mr. Gurner read from the paper. He says he did not sign the paper, and he did not see Mrs. Wilson sign it. Mary Courtenay. Witness W. B. Kelly, Novem- ber 22nd 1894. Father Bourke then had to take the matter up, because he considered that it was an attack on the Assisted schools and he replied pointing out that the words in each, of the statements were almost identical, as they plainly bore the mark of having been put into the mouths of the child en by leading question.. In the course of his letter to the paper Father Bourke said . " The words in each of their statements are almost identical, thus plainly bearing the mark of having been put into the mouths of the children by leading ques- tions. Are they fit judges? I consider it disgraceful to use children in such a way. As to the value of what they say— the nine-year-old witness could not with- out toilsome spelling tell a geography from a grammer. As a test he was given a little book with a black cover, and told to look at it well and say " was that the book used in the school." He examined it with great gravity, and handed it back saying " yes, that's the same." It was a French primer ! Another of the five told a crowd of schoolmates that he got a shilling for what he said, and yet another alleged that ——— gave him 6d. to try and get a geography at the school." They could see that there was bribery and corruption there. (Laughter). In a question like the one under discus- sion, he thought the honourable course would have been to have made inquiries before making use of such statements. But the Catholics do not expect honor or argument from men who had made up their minds, no matter what reason said, to be guided by brute force. That the books were not used in the schools as stated is proved by the following letters written by three young lady teachei's at St. Brigid's, as follows : I am teacher under the Sisters in St. Brigid's School. I know the book from which extracts were read in the Legisla- tive Assembly. I have not used the book, nor seen it used in the school for the last eighteen months, all the time during which I have been in the school. (Signed) Caroline Bloomer, Perth, 21st November, 1894. The Third Standard Class in St. Brigid's School is in my care, under the Sisters. The geography objected to has not been by me or anyone else in the class for two years. (Signed) Mena Worth, assistant teacher. Perth, 21st November, 1894. The little geography book from which the extracts referred to were taken is not now used, and has not been for two years past in the school. (Signed) Alice Smith, assistant teacher, St. Brigid's School. Perth 21st November, 1894. Continuing His Lordship said, he thought that they would find it hard to believe Mr. Iliingworth's witnesses. (Applause). . And this was what Mr. IIlngworth considered " abundant proof," and what the West Australian a short time afterwards considered a proven, case" against the Assisted schools. If the book had been in use in the school they had a perfect right to have it. They were authorised to have it. They had those books for 22 years and they were not forbidden till the last session of Parliament. He did not question the right of Parliament to forbid them. Father Bourke had written to the Central Board on the matter, and this is what he said : Perth, 11th January, 1893. Sir, — With regard to the circular No. 93 of. the Central Board of Education directing all reading books of the Assisted schools to be sent in for approval, and with regard to provisions of the " Revised programme of instruction" prescribing the use of certain readers I have the honour to state, reference to past correspondence with the Central Board will show how essential it was deemed by the managers ot assisted schools that thev should select the books to he made use of in these schools— a principle which has not been hitherto questioned and which it is neces- sary to maintain." The Board, may, how- ever, be well assured that there is no other wish on the part of such managers, as I can answer for, than to meet the views of the Board in every possible respect. For this reason I have to say that in Assisted Schools no otbjection will be taken to the reading books placed recently on the " pro gramme " for Government schools, namely, to the " Royal Star Readers," stories of England for Standard III., and glimpses of the. globe, Standard VII. Indeed, all these might be at once introduced into the Assisted Schools but for the fact that a considerable stock of other reading books is on hand. , These other books are the readers approved of last year or, on pre- vious occasions by the Central Board. I have the honour to inform the Central Board that either the " Star Readers " and the books above mentioned will be used in the Assisted Schools when the books now in stock shall be sold, or, if the Central Board be pleased to make compen- sation to the managers and pupils of the Assisted Schools for the loss on the pres- ent reading books, the "Star Readers" may be forthwith introduced, and thus the children of all the schools in the colony, both Government and Assisted, be furnished with one and the same set of reading books — I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, (Signed) A. Bourke, V.G. O. P. Stables, Esq., Secre- tary Central Board of Education, Perth. The Board then sanctioned these books repeatedly. The Catholic school man- agers expressed their willingness to surrender the books, but not to be at the loss of them. They said that if they must give them up, others must be placed in their hands instead of them. Perhaps Mr. Illingworth in his simplicity did not take sufficient pains to inquire as to the cause the schools had for using the books. Mr. lllingworth did not think he had a right to make inquiries as to whether the Catholic schools had a right to use these books, or not, and on the grounds of his general actions he (Bishop Gibney) thought that Mr. lllingworth must have been a simple man or a deceitful roan. (Applause) . HE NOW CAME TO ANOTHER PHASE OF THE QUESTION. It might be observed that the very people who had made such an onslaught on the Assisted Schools were inconsist- ent enough to allow objectionable books to be used in their own schools. He would refer first to the High School as being assisted out of the revenue. It was part of the State system of education. It would be seen that the course taken in this matter was guided by feelings both just and honourable. A book called 'Westward Ho ' was used in that school as a text book until he detected it. That school was profes- sedly unsectarian ; but a few lines from the text book would show how Catho- lics fared in this unsectarian school. One of the sentences in this text book, referring to the life of a character in the book, read : "Birds of ill-omen had a very consideable lien on the conscience of poor Mr. Thomas Leigh, the father of Eustace, in the form of certain lands once belonging to the Abbey of Hartland. He more than half believed that he should be lost for holding those lands ; but he did not believe it wholly, and. therefore, he did not give them up ; which was the case, as poor Mary Tudor found to her sorrow, with most of her ' Catholic ' subjects, whose consciences, while they compelled them to return to the only safe fold of Mother Church ( extra quam nulla salus ), by no means compelled them to disgorge the wealili of which iliey had plundered that only hope of their salvation. Most of them, however, like poor Tom Leigh, felt the abbey rents burn in their purses ; and, as John Bull generally does in a difficulty, compromised the thing by a' second folly (as if two wrong things made one right one), and petted foreign priests, and listen ed or pretended not to listen, to their plottings and their practi sings, and gave : up a son here, and a son there, as a sort of a sin-offering and scape-goat, to be car ried off to Douay, or Rheims, or Rome, and trained as a seminary priest; in plain English to he taught the science of villainy, or tbe motive of superstition. One of such hapless scapegoats, and children who had been cast into the fir© to Moloch, was Eustace Leigh, whom his father had sent, giving tho fruit of his body for th© si" t. his soul, to be made a liar of .This is Vhat was said of those true sons of the Church, on who-e head a price had been placed, and who thought more of their fait i than their lives. The same book goes on to say : " And a very fair liar he had become. Not that the lad was a bad fellow at heart ; but he had been- chosen by the harpies at home, on account of his ' peculiar voca tion'; in plain English, because the wily priests had seen in him certain capacities of vague hysterical fear of the unseen. The Upas-shadow which has blighted the whole Romish Church bligVod him also. Eus tace's love had little nothing of chivalry, self-sacrifice, or puri y in it j those were virtues which were not taught at Rheims. Careful as the Jesuits were over the prac tical morality of their pupils, this severe restraint had little effect in producing real habits of self-control. What little Eustace had learnt of women from them, was as base and vulgar as the rest of their teach ing. What could it be else, if instilled by men educated in the schools of Italy and France ; the age in which the Romish Church had made marriage a legalised tyranny, and the laity, by a natural and pardonable revulsion, had exalted adultery into a virtue and a science ? That all love was lust; that all women had their price; that profligacy, though an ecclesi astical sin, waB so pardonable, if not neces sary, as to be hardly a moral sin, were no lioii s wnicn Jiiusiace musL neeas nave gathered from the hints of his preceptors ; for their written works bear to this day fullest and foulest testimony that such was their opinion ; and that their con ception of the relation of the sexes was really not a whit higher than that of the profligate laity who confessed to them." nE WOULD NOT ASK THEM TO APPLAUD THAT. (Laughter). This was one of the most infamous works against Catholics and their church that he had ever had the lot to read over. The teachers in that school knew of the objectional matter contained in that book, but he did not say that the governors of the school did until their attention was drawn to it, but he did say that the exam iners knew that this text book was used in the school and they let it pass. There was one of those gentlemen who used his influence against our schools, and Only that he (Bishop Gibney) had a respect for the Church of England, and for the men of high honor- who were connected with it, he would give that man as good a heok- ling as any he had given on this sub ject. It was two years since he had brought under the notice of the Board that this was an unfit book to be used in any unsectarian school. He had never montioned the matter as a com plaint to any one, because he was deal ing with gentlemen of honour, who dealt honourably with him. He took extracts from the book and wrote to each of the gentlemen who composed the Boaid of Governors, asking them if 'they considered this a fit book as a text book. He received a reply from the Secretary to the Board of Govern ors as follows : High bchool, Perth, 22nd Deoember, 1892. My Lord,— I am directed by the Gover nors of the High School to acknowledge the receipt of the letters of the 19th in stant addressed by you to each of the Governers. I am further directed to in form your Lordship that at a meeting of the Board held this day they unaminously expressed their opinion that the book Westward Ho is not a proper book to be used as a text-book at the High School and that they have given directions ac cordingly. Yours very faithfully, C. B. Kidson, Secretary to the Board of Gover ness of the "High School. His Lordship Bishop Gibney, Perth. He replied to this as follows : Perth, 23rd December 1892. Sir, — lam in reeeipt of your letter of the 22nd inst., kindly, informing me that the board of governors of the High school unanimously expressed their opinion' that "Westward Ho"' is not a proper book to be" used as a text-book in the High school and that they have given directions accordingly. I thank the Board for their unanimous expression of opinion an! as sure them that although I felt pained by the thought of the bad impression made upun tne mmas or innocent youths who read the book my confidence and respect for the Board is elevated by their action. Yours faithfully. M. Gibney. To C. B. Kidson, Secretary. All this would not come out even now only that it showed that the Yery men or some of them, who raised the cry against them gve a )jook that he defied anyone say there was anything mis leading in were making use of quota tions from it, and had voted against the Assisti d schools in the assembly on the grounds that they were using bo ks which were not approved of. There was not one m= tion who plaeed an honest construction upen the books ueed in the Assisted tc. ools, who could say that they were misleading. Those men thought that the Catholics were very goo i targets to fire at. Well, they might trample upon liim, but they would never subdue him. (Applause). The gentlemen who J fo» med the Board, were an honourable body. of. men if he were allowed to make one exception. He did not wish to mention the name, not for bis own sake \- but out of respect to a number of geu- tlemen who were ass cidted with bim. j This was the fir.t time that he had referred to this matter and he would not have done so even now only in evidence of inconsistency. If he had wished it I HE COULD HAVE CHEATED A GREAT FURORE ' about the book he had referred to, but he always preferred to settle things quietly and in a reasoning manner. He now left the High school and would draw their attention to books equally as objectional that had been used in the Government boys' and girls' school in Perth. . In 1893 he found that a book was m use called " Harold-— l he last of the Saxon Kings," from which he took the following extract : "But his aim wa?, out of the elements he found in the natural kindliness existing between Saxon priest and Saxon flock, to j rear a modest, viatuous, homely clergy, j not above tender sympathy with an ig norant population. He selected as exam- j pies for hid monastery at Wall ham, two | low-born humble brothers, Osgood and j Ailred ; the one known for the courage J with which he had gone through the land, | preaching to abbot and thegn the ernan- j cipation of the theowes, as the most meri- ! ' torious act the safety of the soul could impose ; the other, who, originally a c'erk \- had, according to the common custom of the Saxon clergy, contracted the bonds of marriage, and with some eloquence had vindicated that custom against the canons of Koine, and refused-, the offer of large endowments and thegn's rank to put away his wife. But on the death of that spouse, he had adopted tne cowl, and while still persisting in the lawfulness of marriage to j the unmonastic clerks, had become famous ; for denouncing the open concubinage j which desecrated the holy office, and vio- J lated the s temn vows, of many a proud prelate and abbot." Another r>nrfc ran as follows : "It is as I feared, then !" exclaimed Harold, in great agitation ; " and my sister, whom these monks havu demented leagues herself with the King against the law of the wide welkin and the grand re ligion of the human heart. " Oh !" con tinued the Earl, kindling into an enthusi asm, rare to his even moods, but wrung as much from h s broad sense as from his. strong affection, 44 when I compare the j Saxon of our land and day, all enerva'ed j and deorepit by priestly superstition, with j his forefathers in the first Christian era, ; yielding to the religion they ad apted in j its simple truths, but not to that; rot of j social happiness and freo minhood which this cold and lifeless monachisni — making virtue tlie absence of human tioo — spreads around — which the great Bede, though himself a monk, vainly but bitterly de nounced ; — yea, verily, when I see the Saxon already the theowe of the pries', I shudder to ask how long he will be folk- free of the tyrant." This book had been placed in the hands of boys. and girls fivm which they were to be examined, and unless they were acquainted with the subject matter in that book they would not get their cer tificate. This had happeued two years ago. He had drawn the Inspectors' attention to the matter and after a time it had b en withdrawn, and the public heard no more about it. He always preferel to have these thing settled quie ly, but when they found exception t iken to inoffensive remarks in their books, then apart from other arguments he would say "that people who live in glass houses should not throw stones." He would say to his > p, o ;ents, give us the same treat ment as thry (the Catholics) gave them an 1 he would ask no more. (Ap plause). They did not want to ingrain hatred, but rather friendship and love ; they (their opponents) had done far wor-e than what the Catholics had even been accused of doing: Ho now cane down to the present, it seems that their little geography was to be on its tri«l, so he would refer to the one used in the Government schools, it was called " Corn well's," in which the following passages ap pear : Ire'and. — Page 93. — " The food of the poor has been principalfy the potato ; with milk and meal in bi.E. j milk in the S. and E. ; and alone in the W. The houses are sti 1 of a wretohed description, mere mad hovels in the W., which are often occupied by the pig and poultry, as well as the family. Beggars still abound in many parts. Great numbers of Irish labourers come over to England to help to get in the hay and corn harvests, and re turn in time for their owu potato crops." Italy. — Page 157. — Religion. — Roman Catho'ic. Gross superstition. Beggars and brigands abound in Italy. The latter act in large bands, and sometimes set the au thorities at defiance. Spain. — Paue 168. — " The Spaniards have ever been a very devout, or rather superstitious people. The infamous In quisition was first established and longest continued in this country. Their adven turers in America named their discoveries and towns after their religion,— as Vera Cruez (the true cross) San Salvador (the holy Saviour) ; and the most horrible atrocities were committed by Pizarro and Gortes in order to spread what they called the religion of the cross. After many persecutions the Moors who refused to become Christians were banished from Spain, in the beginning of the 17 th cen tury. j Mexico— Page 301. — Religion — Roman Catholic. Great superstition and immor ality. — Education — Most defective. Mur der, robbery, and begging are very com- mon.- Now if he was to put clown all the low things he knew about Perth, or some one was to say all they knew about Fremautle, how wonld the people of W.A. like it to be sefit all over the world like this. (Applause). He would not, with Mr. Illingworth, say that that was dogma. Now this book was one of the approved books in the Government schools, when it was brought before the Legislative As sembly the members tried to burke it. What then were the Catholics to do ? He would advise them to do as he d d and act on the defensive, but they must not allow themselves to be down trodden or deceived. No good man would be afraid of them but the wicked will ; fear them. Even when their opponents made mistakes they would treat them honourably but tKAitlW 4>mii rit U W titri A 4>Ml /%/-! 4-J /"« n UUUJU 11U J ULU9U UIIDLL1 W 11U bliOU UV UD ceive thm. Several members of the Assembly bad deceived them, they had given 'promises and had not kept them. THE MORAL STATE OF SUCH PEOPLE WAS VERY LOW, when they laughed at tbem for believ ing their promises. The time was when "an Englishman's word was his bond." When the matter came to a division in the House as to whether the Assisted schools should receive an increase, the point was raised that the Government school teachers were not well enough paid. If the salaries of the Govern ment school teachers were raised he claimed that those of the Assistel school teachers should be raised in pro portion. They were entitled to this by law, the old Legislative Council had J a L n 1 rt m A/1 A I" rt 4- 41 A puiSaeu <% vy - J a YY uuau piuvjuou iiuav utio Assisted schools should receive half that paid to (he Government schools. It road as follows : " The fixed annual sum payable bo the Assisted schools shall be one half the total amonnt c f yearly salaries paid t o the teach ing staff of a Government school in respect of 'ho same average attendance." This is what became law. The division took place, and he had strong reasons to believe that there was a conspiracy. There was one member although in town did not attend the House that night, another, who led the people who put him in to believe that he was a supporter of the Assi ted schools, voted with the Opposition. The result was a tie. It therefore depended on the cast- i g vote of the chairman,, who was re turned to Parliament, not by the elec tors, but by the cas'ing vote of the Returning Officer, who, even after he took his seat in Parliament, a special act had to be pas ed to keep him ihere, and relieve him from the penalty of an action that was brought against him i for an alleged breach of the law, this gentleman who never voted against the G ivernment except in the matter of the Assisted schools, gave his casting vote with the Opposition giving. Ids j reasons for doing so " That according 1 to Constitutional practice no law should be altered except by a majority so he must vote with the noes." Now it : was an actual alteration of the law not to give the Assisted schools their pro- portion. Should they get their rights ? Not from the last session, assuredly. They would have to do without their rights for one year or perhaps a longer time, but he repeated that if the Catho lics throughout the colony :'ollowed his advise they would have their rights (Applause). They did not go into secret places. They were not a secret association, and did not love the dark ness beoause their works were not evil. They only looked for that which was right, and they would give every man his right as well as they claimed their own. (Applause;. But they must see, so far as they could, to have the right men in the right place. These were their lines, they were per fectly honorable, and he would n.>t ask them to do anything that was not hon ourable. (Applause). The next mat ter that he would touoh on would be the vote for educational purposes. Ac- cording to the estimates just past the amount so passed was £37,629. Yet they who had contributed one fourth of this were to receive the paltry sum of £1,800. He asked them, did they think that was fair 1 This amount was hardly the twentieth part. Did they consent to be .robbed? They would be if they did not stand together. Who were those who brought about such a state of things 1 One of them said that his conscience was in his pocket ; an other cried " free, secular and compul sory," this o-ie had a lot of followers ; then there were those who considered that it was their duty to put the state before their church and did not care about religion at all. Those persons were, of course, perfectly satisfied to have their children taught according to their ideas, and the Catholics did not quarrel with them. They could not send their children to them, and they had a decided objection to go with tbem here or hereafter. (Applause). His opponents wanted to teach their chi'dren the way they liked, and so did they ( the Catholics). They cou'd not allow their nhilrlrAn tn Irvsa ftliAir fn.it.h A ama.11 spark would tuake a great conflagration, THEY MUST GUARD THEIR LITTLE ONES, they must protect them with their lives. He had to thank Mr. Richardson f ir a remark he had made in the Assembly it was "Markthosj who caused divisions amongst you and keep not company with them." That is what he would say to them, to beware of those people who divided themselves from the Catholic people. They ought to be earnest on this subject. The blood of those who had passed through severe trials to keep the faith for them, ran through their veins. In the penal times it was at very great risk that a parent could have his child taught at all. He knew that his own father, who lived in those times, had to undergo severe trials. The fol lowing were some of the penalties they were liable to : — " If a Catholic kept school, or taught any person, Protestant or Catholic, any species of literature or scienee, such teacher was, for the crime of teaching, punishable by law by banishment j and, if he returned from banishment, he was subject to be hanged as a felon. " If a Catholic, whether a child or adult, attended in Ireland a school kept by a Catholic, or was privately instructed by a Catholic, such Catholic, although a child in its early infancy, incurred a forfeiture of all its property, present or future. "If a Catholic child, however young, was sent to any foreign country for edu cation, such infant child incurred a similar penalty — that is, a forfeiture of all right to property present or pros pective. "If any person in Ireland made any remittance of money or goods, for the maintenance of any Irish child educated in a foreign country, such person incurred a similar forfeiture. The Government in those days wanted to compel the Catholic children of Ireland to attend their approved schools. It was the law, and the rulers who had the power in their hands thought it right and fit to enforce it. The same thing only in a lesser degree, is being now tried on them at the present time even in this land of boasted freedom. It had just begun. Their teachers (the Sisters) devoted heart and soul to the education of their little ones, were not considered fit teachers, in the estimation of their rulers. They were not worthy half the help they willingly give the Government teachers, in fact they are to bo wiped ou'. Would they allow it? If not then stand up together and insist that they Bhould have the same amount as is paid to the teachers in the Government schools, ' regard being had to the same resul's. Would they allow i. to be said that their children were li <t worth so much to : teach as those who went to the Govern- ; ment schools. They had no doubt all i heard of j Barnum's Happy Family. It was composed of a Lion, a Leopard, a j Wolf, and a Ram, together with other I wild beasts. They entered into - an | alliance both offensive and defensive | and were to live sociably together. One day, having made a sort of an excursion by way of hunting, they took a very fine, large, fat deer, which was divided in'o four parts ; there happening to be then present his majesty the Lion, and only three others. After the division was made, and the parts were set out, his majesty advancing forward some steps and pointing to one of the shares, was pleased to declare himself after the following manner: "This I -seize and take 'possession of as my right-, which rlavmuaa f..i ma a a T am rl anan/1 a /-I n MUfWMWH j. uvvoiiuvu uy a true, lineal, hereditary succession from the royal family of Lion ; that (pointing to the second) I claim by, I think, no unreasonable demand, considering that all the engagements you have with the enemy turn chiefly upon my courage and conduct, but I will share it with you ; then (nodding his head towards the third) that I shall take by vir. ue of my prerogative, to which I make no question but so dutiful and loyal subjec s will pay all the deference and regard that I can desire, but you too will have con sideration. Now, as for the fourth part, (which represented the Catholic portion) the necessity of our present affiirs is so very urgent, our stock so low, and our oredit so impaired and weakened, that I must insist upon your granting that without any hesitation or demur ; and hereof fail not at your peril. Moral. 4 Might overcomes right.!" This was exactly their position, but they would make a stand against i-. It wa3 his determination 44 to do or die." (Loud applause). He wanted every trueCatholio to be with him. It was for the good Of their children and to uphold their rights that he was contending, so that they would be good children and good Catho lics. (Applause). Governor llobinson had said that whenever he went m oanouse, ne couia always tell those children who had been under the care of the nuns, by their nice behavour. Some times he asked the question to see if his surmises were correct, and he always found that he was right in his judgment. HisLo'dship continu ng said, this was another proof of the goodness of their teaching, if they now maintained their rights as Catholics they , would have the nuns to teach their children, and they would give the Government leave to ascertain for itself if the children at tending the Assisted school were as well instructed as they should be. (Applause), But they must have Government pay with it. He could not see by what right it was refused, unless it wason the grounds of irrational bigotry. The teachers in the Government schoo's could not teach the cli : Id re n manners, let alone morals. There was no reasoning in the whole of their opponents actions. It was a mass of inconsistencies. Did they think for a moment that .Protestants, Wesleyans, Presbyterians, or Secularises would be satisfied with an arrangement placing the appointment of persons to teach their children in the hands of Catholics. Would these people stand it, if the three Inspectors were Catholics, the Minister of Education a Catholic, and the other officers all Catholics ? Now if they wou'd not stand it, why shou'd they (the Catholics) allow the present state of things to con'iuue. He said the time had come when the Catholics cried with one voice that " they must have fair p.'ay. " His Lordship here resumed his seat amidst loud applause. Mr. F. Connor, M.L.A., in a few stirring remarks proposed a vote of thanks to his Lordship. This was seconded by Mr. Doherty, who referred to the fact that it was thirty-one years ago that day, that his Lordship first landed on their shores. Most of them knew how much he had done for them, aud tliey would not be deserving of the name of Catholics if they did not support his Lordship right ; through. He would ask them to accord ' the vote with three times three. This was done with a will, that made the room vibrate again. His Lordship in acknowledging the vote said, that he was a bad hand at say ing anything aboiu himself, he would tell j them, however, that he had made up his | mind if the Government took the grant to ! the Assisted schools away from them, j that he would throw them back the j Ecclesiastical Grant, 'but other churches ; would have to do the same. Applause). i A vote of thanks to tlie Chairman, the Rev. Fr. Gaughren, brought a most en- thusiastio meeting to a close. 