literary notes. Tits sporting experiences which Sir Edward Braddon, the Premier of Tasmania, has! been contributing to Blackwood are bronght to a close in the September number by bis adventures in Ondh and the Kepaul Terai. I SirEdaard'e articles will be republished (ears the A'fhcntttim) under the title of "Thirty! Years ot Shikar." I ' Mb. Lewis Epmcxds, the purchaser of the I Sa'unlay Reriew, is a member of the junior bar whose work on patent law has, the St, James's Gazette believes, been, so far, his ! only contribution to literature. He is mar ried to a daughter of Mr. H. C. Stephens. Conservative M.l\ for the Hornsey Division of Middlesex, hut even more celebrated per haps for his writing-ink. The son-in-law of ! a writing-ink manufacturer ought to make a i good journalist. Mr. Edmunds has developed j a taste tor acquiring newspaper property, and having whetted fits appetite on the Lath I Jcuriial and the Sunday Times, he now plunges boldly into a higher clnss of comoe tition with the Saturday Review. It is a bold experiment. A yoi.ose is shortly to be issued by Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, to which some-1 what unusual interest attaches. It consists of stories by Mr. George Meredith, which, though issued some years ago in the 2tew 1 Quarterly Magazine, have curiously enough never since been collected in volume form, and concerning-which Mr. Barrie vvrotea wry . interesting paper, " The Lost Stories of Mr. George Meredith." The volume will consist of three novelettes—"The Tale of Chloe" (which will give the book its' title); " The House on the Bench," and " The Case of General Ople and-Lady Camper"—and will, .be uniform with Mr. Meredith's ThtTragic ' Comedians, which is also. published by Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden. It will be ready almost immediately. The world will probably never tire of hearing about the hero of Khartoum, whose character and exploits alike give him a unique place in history. The further we recede from him the more striking and fascinating does his personality become. The latest contribution to our knowledge I of this remarkable man is a little [ volume entitled Afore About Gordon, by one who knew him well (London : Richard Bentley and Son). The writer is a lady, whose friendship witli the great soldier dated from the year 1867, shortly after the ' close of his Chinese career, and continued until bis death. She lived witli her husband and family near Gravesend, and Gordon became a trequent visitor at their honse. She is thus able to give a number of interesting details which, quite as much as the greater events of his life, throw a strong light upon his character and opinions. A number of hitherto unpublished letters from Gordon are also given. Slight and unpretending as this little book is, it is well worth reading by all who venerate—and who does not?—the memory of one of England's noblest heroes. The September number of Harper's Maga zine contains no very striking articles, though several that are fairly interesting. The first and most important is entitled "Riding.to J Hounds in England," by Mr. Caspar W. Whitney, and is one of those descriptions of j phases of English society that American -writers seemed to do better than any others. The Quorn, Pytchley, Belvoir, and other | famous meets are graphically described, and •The paper is made specially attractive by a number of excellent illustrations .from draw ings and photographs. Japan is naturally to the fore, and Mr. Alfred Parsons, the well known English artist, contributes a charming description of early summer in that fascinating country, copiously il lustrated bvhisown pencil. Mr. T. Mitchell Prudden discourses on the evidences of the Ice Age about New York, and under the fanciful title " Where Time Has Slumbered," Mr. Julian Ralph describes the little-known and primitive mountain districts of West Virginia. He tells us-that " that very modern statesman, W, L. Wilson, hails front there, but the life in the moun tains is so ancient that George Washington, were he back' on earth, would say, after a tour of the whole country, ' At last here 1 find apart of the world as I left it.' " " The Origin of a Gieat Poem," by John White Chadwick, is an account of Bryant's Thana topsis, which was written at the age of 17, and subsequently greatly corrected und im proved by the poet This number of Har/wr is very strong in fiction, inclndiug stories by Mr. \V. E. Norris, Mr. Brander Matthews, Mr. Charles Dudley Warner, and Miss Mary Wilkins. Soke of the signs and marks which answer the purpose of hieroglyphics among tramps are enumerated in the Pall Mall Budget:— " A simple croBS. will not tell of Christian charity within; hut will proclaim the useless ness of an appeal for alms. A triangle | pointing downwards will tell that, though appeals for charity are not always vain, of late too great a tax has been. put upon the Burse or patience ot the oocupaut. The mark -on which toe tramp's best hopes are built 1s of a diamond shape. He upon whose house this sign appears'is indeed a jewel to the man upon the rood.' :.The wanderer knows at once that be is sure to get something when he asks, or as nearly sure" aa if be were beseeching one of hiagoodpatrons at homh.: Hopes, too, liiisef vttieh across within a circle can be found, hut then toe line of attackjs changed. - The tramp willtalk.of religi&h;, and suddenly become a most devout aha humble-minded siimer. Percbano^ he will open his remarks by asking, 'Is his reverence at home f But as every kind of animal is said todiave his special enemies, so the tramp is not exempt. One of these is the watch-dog. Against this foe the tramp is warned by a square with a dot to mark the middle', and only the bolder .tramp wilt miss this danger signal. The danger of the police man no tramp wittingly incurs.' Therefore when be sees a circle with Its oentre marked he passes wisely on his way." - Theosonhy Exposed, or Mrs. BesatU and Her Guru, is the title of a booklet which has come to ns from Madras/ where It wps iaaued by the' Christian Literature Society. Its 101 pages' are oovered with shprtparp grapbs, mostly extracts or oom'menta on ex -Mucta showing up^tbe innumerable little mistakes of Maaame Bjavatsky, Colonel Oloott, &c.;,- -where toey have attemptol to expound or quote from a literatuife which lit m evident they only know at second hand. Tnepsopby sought an origin for itself in. Thibet and further ludia, expecting not to have its "steps very closely marked or its juauns searohiugly inquired into. It thought mat among mysterious books and obscure mo. imagination might have scope and inter pretation might be free. The chief purpa of this work is to show that Madame Bla vatsky, -though undoubtedly able and very fascinating, was at the same time both igno rant and unconscientious, and that Mrs. Besant is a too credulous believer. Criticisms and explores of such a kind are of question able utility. The persons whose blunders ore shown up pass on in ecstatic meditation, fancy free. -Time is the only adversary that knows how to bring them to naught.. A little ridicule is pleasant now and then, but it seldom tells, for tbeosophists have no sense of humour. Neglect is the best Bntidote. Thtosophu Exjmid ts issued at 21 annas, the English equivalent of which is about 4d. An extract by way of sample may be given. After 6tating how, in 18S4, Mr. Richard Hodgson was sent out by Professor Sidgwick, president of the Society of Psychical lie search, to conduct a three months' examina tion in Madras, the headquarters of tlieosophy, it proceeds thus (page 29) :—" Mr. Hodgson's report minutely examines the different phe nomena related in Mr. Sinnett's Occult World, and establishes fraud in every instance. The. widely published ens", in which a lost brooch was returned to Airs. Hume by Mine. Blavatsky in an occult manner, is easily solved, in view of the evidence that Mme. Blavatsky had the brooch in her possession a Bhort time before the trick was accomplished. The saucer needed to complete the number required at a picnic, which was found by digging in the ground at a place indicated by Mme. Blavatsky, is readily explained by the fact lhat it .bad been placed where it was found by a confederate, while, as was the case in so manv of her tricks, the circumstances and conversation were cunningly led op by Mme. Blavatsky to the production of the miracle." ■ Li Hung Chakg, the grand counsellor of the Chinese Empire, though be has been deprived of the order of the yellow riding jacket, and lost a peacock's feather Bince j China began to get the worst of the war with j the Japs., is a great man, and the disgraces | he has undergone are interpreted to mean 110 more than delicate spurring by the Emperor. The latest news is that he has volunteered to take charge of the army. Mr. George Curzon, who has rushed out a book on the Problems of the Far East, Japan, Carta, China.(Long mans), points out that Li Hung is a diploma tist who has hitherto gained while apparently losings—"Judged by its results, it might bei said that the policy of Li Hung Chang, how ever little shaped by the canons either ot j logic or of international custom, was not unsuccessful. Each logical faux pas was in the end retrieved by some practical advantage. It he declined to punish Corea in the Grst place for her attacks upon mis sionaries and foreigners, he tlierebj escaped responsibilities for her cruelties, It he allowed Corea, a vassal state of China, to make treaties with toreign powers, he at the same time vindicated his right to appear as go-between—a capacity in which Japan was most anxious to tigure. By these means he might claim to have enlisted the interest ot foreign Powers as a set-off to the only two rivals whom China seriously fears in Corea— viz., Japan and Russia. Finally, baying surrendered some of the technical symbols ot i suzerainty, he offered a very practical demonstration of the remainder at all moments of crisis, and by judicious advances oi money obtained a firm hold upon Corean administration. His policy, indeed, towards Corea might not inaptly be compared with that of Great Britain during the last decade towards Egypt, where every species of technical anomaly has yet been the ultimate precursor of a vigorous and commanding con trol" The Saturday Review. enters a protest against the cabbie of eiljy persons who write to tell w hat men of genius eat and drink, as if they drew inspiration from the stomach :— People who make poems, novels, speeches, and scientific discoveries live like their neighbours who do none of these things.; They employ such oooks, plain or skilled, j as their resources permit, and they eat such s things as the said cooks place before them. Balzac gave himself the air of living wholly on black coffee, it is said, but nobody believes that he was r.-ally so absurd. Scott made a most monstrouB breakfast, as we know, but no amount of breakfast will enable the general public to write Waverley novels. The late Poet Laureate daily took an orthodox , quantity of port, but no quantity of port explains the origin of the " Lotus haters. Then, as we know, he tried a vegetable diet, like Mr. Fitzgerald, but the result was not a j translation from the Persian. It is extremely improbable thatgeniua derives anypecuharly appropriate nutriment from a fish diet, and it w certain that genius gives no thought to ( the subject. Mr. Carlyle and Lord Tennyson smoked pipes-because they were men j enough to smoke pities—but we do not sup pose that cigarettes would have made a Mcadent of Mr. Carlyle or an "impres sionist" of Sir Joshua Reynolds. The style and character of Dr. Johnson remained the Bame whether he drank lemonade and tea or port and punch. It waa not because of his ; great appetite for be.-f that Sir Andrew Ague cheek fell below a lofty intellectual standard. We do not know whether Shakespeare had j anyfavopritedisb. About Thacke^s and j Johnson's favojmte disbeswe know a gr«U, deal. But are psychblbeicaUy none the wiser. Appreciation of cockjTeeky does nqt account tor the sta'tesmwiRke qualities or defects of James VL • ' \- What Dandet's habits ot workare lie telle li* Ha o#n wordsi-" Mir riSy bt^pt&igTs; .pWhwn bonis a day, and day after .day.^ At other times! pass months without touching 4 pen. I write very slowly, and revise snd re- j vise, lam never satisfied with my work. My novels I always write myself. I never could, dictate a novel. Ab to. my plays, I | formerly to dictate thero* - Tfaet wee when * could walk. I had a certain talent in my legs. Since my illness I have hsd*° j that mode of work, and I r^reMt*.si improvisator, and in ttaie refcpect dtflfer fro®, Zola. 1 am now writinnanovel about youth,, called Souiien de Fanulle, and these note books of mine will show yon my way of, work. This is the first book. It contains, •sSks, &flt; leaving the notes ont o< <^»Wera fit ia upon me I allow nothing to interrupt me, not even leaving my writing- table for meals. I have my food brought to my desk, eat hurriedly^ and aet to work before digestion begins. Thus I anticipate the drowsiness that digestion always brings with it, and escapeltaoohsequences. Now that I am ill, however, I do not often have those periods of splendid energy. I can produce only very slowly, and I feel quite nervous about Soulien.ae Familh when I think that it is already expected by the public and announced by the publishers." Lucian, the celebrated Greek satirist, pre- j cursor of Rabelais, Pascal, Swift, Fielding, i &c.;, had his fling at "spooks." The trans- j lation of Six Diaiofftitx of Lvcian, by Sydney j T. Irwin (London: Methuen), a new book, thus renders theatory of Denuenete's ghost:— ] ".While we were talking, Eucmtcs' two sons came in from the wrestling school. On? of ! them is quite a young man. and the other about fifteen. After paying their respects to us, they sat down on the bed uear their fattier, and a chair was brought in for roe. Then Encrates spoke to me, the sight of his sons apparently bringing back something to lus mind. 4 Tyehiades,' he said, and he put his hands on their heads as he spoke, 4 may these boys never be n blessing to ine if what I am going to tell you is not the truth. Every one knows how 1 loved their sainted mother, my wife—and I proved my love by the way 1 treated her—not only in her lifetime, but even after her death ; for 1 burnt with her all her ornaments and the dresses which gave ber so much happiness in life. On the seven tli day after ber death, 1 was lying here on my. bed as I am now, trying to lighten my sorrow. In fact, 1 was peacfully reading Plato's. book on the soul. In the middle of my reading, in comes Demmnete and aits as close to me as Kucra tides,' pointing to bis younger son, ' is sitting now (the boy Bhfvered with childish terror —indeed, he had been pale for some minutes, from the time his father began his narrative). ' As soon as I saw her I threw my arms round her, and wept and groaned aloud, but she\rould not suffer me to cry out; in- j deed, she reproached me. Though I bad gratified Her in all other ways, 1 had omitted, sbe said, to burn one of her two slippers— and they were gold slippers—with the rest of her clothes, bhe added that it had fallen under tiie chest, and that therefore wc had not found it, and had only burnt one. We were still talking when an abominable little Maltese puppy gave a yelp under the bed, and she vanished at the sound. We found the slipper, though, under the chest, and burnt it afterwards. These things, Tychiades, are patent—are being seen every day of our lives ; and is it still reasonable to be incredulous about them f ' Of course not,' said I. 4 Those who could be so incredulous—so shamelessly obstinate in the face.of truth—would, nt the least, deserve the golden slipper—deserve to , be whipped witli it, as children are.4 " The Review of Renews for September, re viewing the August riiagaziues, gives a huge amount of space to the great railway strike in Illinois, originating in the difference be tween the Pullman Company and its em ployes. The facts should be valuable to Australian readers, who arc never without a great strike of some kind. In their phenomena these movements are all alike ; they differ only in the scale of the operations carried on. The story of the Illinois strike is very fully told, and Mr. Debs, who organised it, has his character sympatheti cally sketched by Mr. Stead. At the same time an effort is made to look at the questions involved from every point of view, and to place the whole case fairly before^ the public. Nutpeeons cartoons and illustrations are given fan} the American journals. In the other departments the Review .of Re views is as miscellaneous and entertaining as usual. The Australasian section gives Mr. Clement Wrtgge four pages of spaoe in which to tell bow weather- forecasting is done in Brisbane., Unfortunately, only part of the article appears in in this number, and the text relets to diagrams which seem to be held over until next time. The subject is one on whiohithe public is eager to be in structed, and it is a pity the story could not have been given complete in one issue. Mr. Wragge wastes some spaoe in the introduction by "dealing" his readers at every oppor tunity, and writing such sentences as these: —44 No, dear reader, I am not an Elijah—I should never reach nis standard of righteous ness could 1 live four times his years, and then be translated: neither am I a Zaukiid, nor can 1 claim kinship with 4 Old Moore. The secret lies in arithmetic, and the appli cation of certain well-established laws." Or a deliverance like this, which may perhaps be needed by the doubting schoolboy"Let him reflect that the sublime working of all the machinery of Nature's God, apart from our own observations, which are direct evi dence, points to immutable laws underlying all the appatent anomalies, intricacies, ana labyrinths of detail that combine to make up the variations in the climate of any given place.44 When Mr. Wragge gets to business he is practical enough, but the story breaks off just as it becomes interesting. 