Descriptive Music. One of the blessings Queensland loses in having no university is the light and leading which How from the professorship of music. This may be seen from the following descrip- tion by Professor Marshall Hall of his latest "Idyll":—"The opening is full of a solemn awe, such as is experienced on Borne still summer night by one who lies on the white gleaming shore, and gazes far out over the noiseless, immensurate ocean, beyond whose dim verge mountains and valleys as if by en- ohantment uplift, ghost-like, dreams of another forgotten age, and other Beas break there, upon other shores. And the lonely beauty of the stars shines out, round whom is silence and deep mystery; and nature in all her grandeur, eternal and infinite, far removed from the pettishness of human life, seems to ohant her majestic hymn. In the midst of this calm, flowing melody, a note of pain makes itself heard. The air quivers and throbs, as though some new element had intruded. Suddenly all motion ceases; a love-motive sounds through the sustained mass of harmony; a lithe, joyous figure bounds from the dark ness. Again the atmosphere vibrates, as it were, with love, with joyous, ardent, youthful love, and another figure appears; the theme, sounds again, doubled by the clarionet; a figure, of it is taken up by the violins, and rushes with a passionate crescendo into a wildly joyous, outburst. A. long, ever-varying love scene foU lows, growing quieter and quieter; a tinge of sadness is felt. The lovers, too, sitting hand in hand, feel the solemn tranquillity of the night. The opening theme, coloured by trom bones, enters, as it were, a symbol of eternity, a warning note, a reminder of the transitory ness of things earthly, of joy, of life, of love. The love themes seem to painfully combat it. but in vain *, it grows louder and louder, as they grow more and more vehement; one mad out burst, like to a wild passionate parting, a silence, and the quiet mystery of night is again over all; the stars shine out with ever-inoreasing bril liancy, the ocean murmur rises higher and higher, and, fused into the spirit of the scene, as if from some far distance, an echo of love is faintly heard, mingling with the mighty hymn of nature." 