LETTEFS TO THE EDITOR. THE OHUBOH CONGBESS. Bib,— WhetbertheCongretsof the Church of England, which ii to meat io-morrow at Hobart, Is to benefit or interest the people ol Tasmania »s a community will depend on the objact of the meeting, and the way In whicb it is carried out. 11 that object is i to flaunt before the pnblio the idea ot a I dominant Ohnrch controlling the bob!* and , bodice of the people, and stigmatising as I and submit to itB tyranny, it will be a pass ing show, like a monster oircus or a visit of the flying squadron, to be foTgotten in a month ; but ii the leaders are really moving in the interest of ' all who profess and call themselves Christians,' as one ot their prayers has it, one may hope that some per manent good may be done. The spectacle which the Church of England presents to the public is not at present a very edifying one, as regards the question of discipline over, and harmony among, the clergy who work under her name ; and the want of ?uooess which is made evident by the wide spread complaints of insufficient support ot the clergy, And the growing indifference of the more educated and intelligent members ot the community, may be traced largely to the absence of sufficient control over the eccentricities of individual parions, though j there are deeper and more widely-spread cause*; which here and in the old oountry are building up a barrier between the best [ men, and sometimes women, of every class : and the Ohnrch. An earnest and able clergyman visited Tasmania not loog ago on a sort of miBsion, aa it is called nowadays, Having frequently beard him preach, and having seen a good deal of the results of his work, I can say that this was a man who ' went about doing good,' and, it now and then he betrayed an Jgnoranoe of common things which was somewhat surprising in a man of his cI&eb;, there was still a commanding influence in his preaching, and evidence ot ' the faith that oan move mountains,' to use the alle gorical language of the Bible. After his de parture we heard ot a great meeting, &t; which the missloner referred to an accident to the screw ot a steamer, which enabled him to pay a flying visit on shore at Gibral tar, I think it was, and he gravely told his bearers that God had deliberately caused a cable to be wound round the screw so that be might go ashore. Of course each a re mark and such a belief cause a passing p«ntu at the simplicity of the man ; but one does not go to such a teacher tor scientific Information, but lor help to enable one to live up to the ideal ol a Christian. A brother clergyman, however, is very indignant with the missioner, and writes to a Ohnrch paper to correct the error into which his brother had fallen. Shortly after this demolition of the missioner, 1 heard of an evening entertainment presided over by bis critic, which was chiefly attended by women and girls of the hysterical age, at whioh the chief business was the telling and reading of sensational ghost stories ! One reads the rubbish fura'shed to the public under this particular head by the purveyors of sensational reading with indifference ; but what are we to think of clergymen of the Ohurcb of England countenancing such mingl, W11MJU wuictt au *U«J Hyuauviuu into a dangerous form ol excitement for young girls 7 Perhaps the greatest difficulty of modern Christianity is that, while the people have advanced in education and Intelligence, the Church has stood still. Poor Bishop Oolesso was howled at for showing that a large pait of the Old Testament was a fabrication ol human Ignorance on a substiatumof Divine inspira tion, and il he had lived earlier would have been burnt at the slake or tortured to death. Is there any man of intelligence among the clergy now who believes that the acconnt ol the Creation is an inspired record, that the sun really stood still in order that Joshua might have time to smash up the enemies ol the Israelites, not to mention the host ol other statements in which oral tradition and fable are mixed up with Authentic history f Or, to come to a later period, who really be lieves that if a man does not faithfully believe those elaborate definitions of what no human btlng could define in the Athana creed ' he cannot be saved 1' This creed was made by men of like passiooB , with ourselves, who were beginning to find out that men would not have their con* sciences boat J by fetters of iron, and endea vored to prevent them lrom strajing from th* fo]d of the Church by threats ol damns* tlOB* .utit it is not doctrine alone that stands in the way. The Ohurcb ot England, both here and at home, is the fashionable Ohurch; Indeed, a somewhat wide experience of modem developments in England leads mu to think tbat the Bitoaiictic party, with their sensuous incitements of pomp, and ?how, and oeremon'al, and musical per f ormsnces, in whicb there is i olMng reli gious except the name, are profoundly on aware of the unsoundness of the develop ment on which they are piiding themselves. Even here one who opens his eyes and looks behind the scenes may eee that numbers of the educated and intelli gent who have been brought up in the Church are conforming to it in the preeen day more to satisfy the prejudices of those who are netr and dear to them, or lrom respect for what they once held in honor, than from any real sympathy with the ways and views cf their pastors. Being in Hobart at the time of the synod meeting not long ago, I went to an evening service at fit. David's. The muslo was generally well ren dered, and many of my neighbors appeared to like it, though they took no part in the service except by listening to the singing. Even here there was room for improve ment, for It is not pleasant to have to listen to a solo such es I heard — 'Where thou doyest I will doy.' 'Thoy people shall be moy people,' etc. This, however, is a small matter ; it is the making a musical per formance by a lew persons the chief feature in a church eervioe tbat is the real gronnd for compUint by those who do not go to church as to a concert, and the worst thing is when this musical performance is adver tised aa an attraction to the most solemn part ol the service -the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, I have only touched on a few weak points, but I would ask the leaders of this congress to consider whethe r a reform in the Church is not as much wanted now as ever it was ?— Tours, etc., AMXOCB OOBI.r, January 22. I j» g_ ? ] finish my letter 1 am informed th\t Bishop Montgomery has invited the : ministers ot other denominations to attend the corgrets and co-operate with the move- ? ment. This is a good sign, and is in har mony with all that is generally reported of , one who appears to he a tree follower of his Divine Hester, and of whom the worst ibat I have heard is that be does no*; sufficiently lepress stme of l)is clergy, and that he allows too much importunate begging for objects which should be supported by volun tary offerings. Q 