í SETTING A LION'SBROKEN LEO. AK interesting feat in veterinary sur- gery is reported from New York namely, the setting of a lion's broken thigh-bone. The practitioner who performed the operation was Dr. Busener, chief surgeon, to the New York College of Veterinary Surgeons, and the patient was Nero, a healthy but very illtempered ydung lion, aged 16 months, a circus performer by pro- fession. Nero, it appears, in course of a family quarrel, had one of his hind legs badly fractured, and Dr. Busener undertook the task. of operating upon itv > In \spite of his tremendous struggles and angry, roaring, Nero was fastened down upon the operating table with chains and ropes. Dr. Baseness intention had been to diag- nose the injury without using anaes- thetics, but as soon as he touched the leg the lion strained at his chains so that nothing could be done with him. A hypodermic injection of four grains/ of morphine was therefore administered. It took effect immediately, and for over an hour Nero was unconscious, only shrinking a little when the doctor handled his injured leg. It was soon found that he had sustained an incom- plete fracture of the thighbone. The whole joint was 'diseased, but having regard to the patient's youth, sound Constitution, and general health, Dr. Busener thought they should - be able to fully restore the use of the limb. The ' hair was care- fully clipped away, and after handling the leg for about half an hoar it was bandaged. First a thick layer of cotton batting was applied to the leg and thigh, strong linen bandages were wrapped round this and sewn, and then aneavy coating of glue was put on to stiffen the bandage into a splint. This, in turn,, was smeared over with a mixture intended to deter the patient from attempting to tear the bandage' oft* with his teeth. The lion recovered from the effects of the morphine just as the operation con- cluded, and some difficulty was ex- perienced in getting him back into bis cage. A ghost created considerable alarm in a village churchyard in the West of England. The apparition, clad in ghostly array, was in the habit of swooping down upon wayfarers with the request, " Show me my grave !" He made the request once too of ten. He was captured, and turned out to be a human being, who has since been laid up with influenza. The South Wales express, going at 60 miles .au hour, cut, right through the trunk of a tree which had fallen across the line. ' -' - Buggy shafts, 'poles,. spokes, hubs, i and rims... Prest and Hocking, -f Mr. Monson has commenced, actions in the Queen's Bench to restrain the Tnssauds from exhibiting his effigy. It raises the question whether a per- son's, face is copyright. A Vienna woman is said to be j driven almost mad by the - -never ending sounds-of music proceeding from her heart. Medical experts also delare that musical notes, in a high, pitch, can be heard proceeding from the'woman's heart. . , - ; Kip i and calfskin just unpacked. Prest and Hocking, t 