ISPEL PEjKELLT AN OUTCAST. by jobipx xooxiire, AalM* .««'"»• ttwy ot Andrew lUdu," *7abw feMntk," "Zfflnh," JU,. [itt B»m Kurd.] Publiehed by special arrangement wttfc Mam. Ward, Lock and 2?moden, Limited. BOOK IV. HABVH8T. CHAPTER I. HOW IT BHOAN. "Hero are two angels that attend unseen Each one of us, and In the great book reoord Oar good and evil deeds. He who writes down The good ones, after every action closes His volnme, and ascends with it to God. The other keeps his dreadful day-book open Tnl sonset, that we may repent; which The record of the action fades away, And leaves a line of white across the page. How if any act be good, as I believe it. It cannot be recalled. It is already Sealed op in Heaven, as a good deed accomplished. The reet is yours. —Longfellow. . The time was the evening following the, night of the dark deed on the cliffs. The jdaoe was the library of Penwithen. Throughout the morning Beuben had rat then brooding. Sometimes he felt safe ham ail danger, at other times he trembled at every. Bound. When lunch was over he oonld stay indoors no longer, so he had orderedhis horse to be saddled,and had ridden to Tintagel, ostensibly on business, - bat really tohear what people were talkin g about. To bis surprise, nothing was said of Eraser. No one knew of his death. Men bad been working along the coast all the morning, bnt no dead body had been seen. Evidently the sea had not given up its dead. Well, so much the better for him. Peihape the body might float for days, and tiien bewashed on the beach at Padstow, or New Quay, or Bode. It might be that no one would connect it with John Fraser. That worthy had told his tap-room com panions again and again that he should go to America, where there wrs room for a man of his talents; and so suspicions would be diverted into other channels. Well, he should ray nothing- A great gfag came to him to go to the scene of the atrnggUt but he said he would not ! be weak enough for that. He had heard of many murderers bung discovered in that way, hnt he would not be ao foolish. And mo he rode back to Penwithen for dinner, and appeared gay and happy all the time, but directly the mealoonclnded he looked Tiirnaalf in the library again. -A fire bnmed cheerfully in the grate, the lamp on the table sent out a cheerful light, and Beuben enjoyed his comfortable amromtdingB. He had not partaken of muoh dinner, but, contrary to his usual custom,he had drank severs! glasses of wine, and thus far the time, was flushed with a falee courage. In an hour or two its influence would leave him, but at present itopower was grateful. He had sat about an hoar when a knock came to the door, and, on his opening it, a warrant gave him a note. " Any answer, Susan P" he said absently. " So, sir; the boy that brought it is gene." "Do you know the boy t" " Tee, Bir; it was Jane HendyV boy— the aewas eervant 'ere years agone." "Ah, thank you, Susan." He spoke more kindly than usual. He wanted every one to think him cheerful and Batasfled. He locked the door again, however,- and,. Bitting down in his arm chair, opened theenvelope. After that he looked at the address.- it was evidently written by a woman who had had little in the art of writing. Thus it an, "to at. Hub'en penwithn tip to Penwithii." "Who can this be fromP" he mused, sad then fating out the letter, read as loDowai-r <* respected sur, i ope yu will sense me florritan. yew was a good immatnr to me wptoyour ouse.an ithot yu wnd like to nowot wasgoin pa, bo i am ritah this. . bout ten o'clock this mornin {hat black aired chap called Ishmul who do live npto Coombehed, oomed in 'ere aes he ard to • work IGssus Heady.. iss says i, tis a lot arderbeinmaxridthanbein in service like I woa vf to penwithn, i was Jane Bickefcfc then, an ad a good time oos maaster pen wri^ha. woa ekh a good maaster, says L he's a' "rillin sea ee, no ah thing sesi.ee was a good maaster to me ef ever there was one; look ere see ee, eea no rite to be (here, an somebody els will be there Boon, git away Aes i, for I never did like that' chap,ee allays made me feel oal creepy IScB^WBll cea ee yon naw-mrshendy that! «e do ave cuiyns wsyB, ^id wye got a] eaareh fve found it out, ive got the thing bin bidin for years, an yon will soon aee a dew maaster to penwithn, tis in my ] socket b** A* slagpinr his jacket, and ee1 laffed oal c^F* lookin oolthaibL* W5™ ^ not®"i wn*-ao ee main says i,y0u ■»» then ee shewed his tee^ - y strange ronnd the eyes and vTnt-<^' ee# to myself mr penwithn Jlmd but i besnt well anS to walk fur at preZ^ - ■o legend my little boy witbont fain™ any body your obedient sarvent jane Hendy. "to mr Ruben Penwithn "up to penwithn. p 8 please snr ee said something boot your soon bein in Bodmzzn jaiL" When Reuben finished reading fh™ epistle he-was trembling like an aspen leaf; when be bad read it the second time a cold aweat stood on his forehead. Was the man a demon P How could he have found ifcf Did the letter refer to the will at all P He remembered Jane Hendy as agossiping aid who had been servant at Penwithen, bet who waq, nevertheless, honest and trathtnl* Could it be that it had come to light after all these years? What was the nse of last night's terrible deed now 1 While he was struggling with Fraeer, who be believed was the essential liair, Dub Nemesis must by some meansj have discovered the secret hiding-place and found what he had add his soil to obtain. " Oh, devil, thou art a hard master I" ; he cried. " Twenty-five y^nshavel kept this thing a secret, and jiow .it will come to light, i shall be hissed at, stoned, driven * out of the neighbourhood. Oh, father, did : yon rear me :for thisP Margery Gondge, did' yon tempt me for this P Come back, j won bid hag; come from your grave and MLme wbat l am to do 1" He read the letter a third time. Tee, it was plain anongh. He had hid it all these years; last night he had taken the life of JdsfefioW'man to preserve his secret, and all for this. Even his children wonld loathe him. : iStOp, though! He must think, think. Pnpp using the will were found, suppose triuaael did his worst. What would be the *• npmftlinnnfn t The game might not be ^ho ooald say the will was genuine ? Could be not urge that it had been forged f Who was Ishmael ? A nameless man, oom dy. with unknown antecedents. "" mn by the will P.Tshwaariand Wril, the mother-had bpen lodked <qpon aS pud, while Ishipael was ~^"y avmded as 4 mysterious character., tfca<ea*e was decided woali b* least, Ishmael -would. Ah, the rase wae not so bad. For who could prove the will genuine? No one. The two witnesses were dead. Margery had died years before; as for John Eraser, he would never be heard of again. Who would -accept Ish mael's statement ? No one.. He was a magistrate himself, and he knew. A man of his standing in the county would be believed a thousand times before this man. Yes, he would fight to the end. He read the letter again, and his mind turned into a different channel. Might not this be a hoax ? No doubt Jane Hendy had written the letter, no doubt, too, Ish mael had spoken to her; but had he not done this to frighten him ? Should he go to Jane Hendy and speak to her ? No; that would give credence to Jshmael's statement, for, of course, there must be no will. No, no, Ishmael could never have found it. Why the place waswnknown,; and even if it was known, a hundred men might search and never find it. A dark hole difficult to see, and then—no, no, it could not be 1 Again he perased the letter, and the more he felt confirmed in his opinion. He looked at his watch. It was nine o'clock. He went to the window and looked out. It was a wild night- The sky was leaden, and the winds howled fiercely. The pale crescent of the moon could not be seen. He could ibarely see the trees which sur rounded the house, but between the gusts of wind he could hear the leaves dropping from the branches, which were fast be coming bare. The winter was coming on early; He west back to his chair and sat down again. He must know the troth of this, he could not rest until he was sure. It was essential that he shohld be certain, so that he might make his plans accordingly. - He had made up his mind to keep indoors during the.evenings; last night's work 'had aii8trxmg~ his nerves and made him weak. The memory of it-waB terrible. Still,-the work was done, and he would no longer be harassed in that direction. Oh, if Iahmael floated by his side 1" ' " Yes, Til go and see;" .he Said, at length; "it'll be a terrible jobrney, but I'll go," . -He looked at his watch again and con sidered. ' «The tide; will he at its height at half past eleven," he mused; " by half- past twelve I can get along at the foot of the cliffs. If 1 start from here at about a quarter to twelve I shall be able to manage easily. I wonder if there is any truth in the old folks' stories! I wonder whether the ghosts of mnrdered people 'do appear a*, night time! ItH be a terrible journey; but—yes, I'll go; I shall never Test till" I'm certain." ' . ■ ' He got np and looked in the glass. "Hook an old man," he said,"as. he gazed on the reflection of hi3 haggard face. "Another twenty-four hours like thelast has been and my hair will be white. 'Yes. another hour, and it'll be twenty-four hours since I did it. Oh, I never thought it would some to this!" f He sat down again, and rocked to and fro in his misery. " I'J better give itup," he cried, " I'd better go to lahmael apd make terms with him. Hell sorely be '.willing to. make arrangements. 1 can give him Grace's dowry. What if it does destroy the marriage arrangements? Grace would, be glad'. I can see that she hates the thought of marrying Ret»llick,even . although she's sacrificing herself for mysake. I wonder if he would, now ? No, no, I'll not ask a favour of him; rilfightit to the end; lose or win, PH doit 1" ' At a quarter to twelve he put on a pair of thickboots and a warm oTercoat. ' ?Then he went to a cupboard andtooktherefwm a small portable lamp, And placedit in his overcoat pocket. Thenhe tosk'soma matches, and after striking two'-'br'thibe, to'see -that they ignited easily, he studied -a minute, as if in doubt as to whetherthere was any thing more." He noisdessly'-opened. the library door and stood in thfe dark passage. He remembered-being thsreyeMi Judith long years before." Ah, how she loved him I Tea, that night was the first step in the great sin which had ended twenty-five. years afterwards in murder. ^ No, not' that— justifiable homicide. ' He listened Intently. ' Ail was silent, no sound took-; the stillness/of the -night.. He thought he heard one of the servants breathing heavf ly, but'that was alL Every one was asleep but himself, and he felt as though he should never sleep again. Like Macbeth, he had murdered it. He turned the lamp - low, and crept through the passage in to .the kitchen, and then went ont into the yard by the kitchen door. A dog leaped forward with a low' growl, bat seeing who it was whined affec tionately and wagged its tail, as if expecting to accompany him. "I dare not take him," he mattered, " although he would be company.. Lie down here in the kitchen, old man, and be quiet.'' ' The dog did as he was bid, while Reuben, letting himself out again, hurried across tbe yard into the lane. He stood still and. listened. Nothing could be heard save the wind moaning through thB drees. He hurried up the lane, stopping suddenly now and then, as if in iear,: but no one appeared, no soppd was heard. After a sharp walk he arrived^ the cliff*, and saw far beneath him the -restless, tur bulent sea. It was not so dark out here under the open sky as at Fenwithen. Tbe pale moon could be seen oftener, the clondB were swept more rapidly aoross the wild sky, tba pjght did not appear qnite so snllen. He looked all around him. anxiously, fear fully, and thenibreathed a sigh of relief. No one was near." The spot was open, neither hedge# nor houses were near, and so it would be unpqpwbla for any one to aide. It was terribly lonely. The nearest cottage was far sway, and the howling wind, mingling with the Moat of the sea, made him shudder. Flakes of foam' were constantly blown against his face, so he knew that the Atlantic wa* in a furious mood. He walked on until he came to the "Sdpltons footpath leading to the beach. Rv, " *hp did not know every yard of the clSs dlcent * *9"* -bntf Ee"b" djd not hesitate, am>» £* X^e^as on the hard eea sand. x. * ^ of receding, and even now he saw a . _j sand a faw feet wide. He went southwai-.' Fancy the scene. On the one hand, towering rigged cliffs; above: a wild sky; on the other, a storm-tossed angry sea hurling itself on the rock-bound coast. The rime, midnight. All eonnd drowned by the incessant roar of the waves and the howling winds. " Everybody will be in bed," muttered Reuben; " no one bnt a man with hell in his heart would come to such a spot as this on such a night as this. My God 1 I wish I were bade at Carloggas with an empty pocket and a light heart. On be trudged, now stumbling, over the rocks, now splashing through some stream of water which ran towards the receding sea, bnt still nmHng his way southward " I was a fool not to destroy it," be went on at length; " if I had, there would be no need of this. I should have done it, too, if I hadn't been a cowardly fool. Oh, if that letter were only written to frighten me, and it isstQl there, I shall destroy it the moment I get back to Penwithen. Yes, I'll do it, though the ghost of oldr Michael appears before me and tells me to stop, I can understand those old men's stories now. I cut see why they bargained with the devil. I'd gladly sell all the soul I've got to live in comfort all the rest of my life and be safe. There'd be joy and gladness in the thonght; bnt those days are gone, all the old super stitions are destroyed." ., A great wave swept up, carrying with it a log of wood, and as the water receded, left it lying before hiin,\In *h&storm-lightit; did not look unlike the body of a man. He started back with a cry of terror, " My GodI " he cried, " 'tis he 1 I can go no farther, I am afraid, ' I dare not go past that thing." , Something flapped cloes to his car, and a ghastly screeoh froze the bipod in his veins. It was only a s*a bird .which he had dis turbed, and whioh, as soon as it could, fleW back to its shelter again j but to Resbsg it Urns the ory of a lost soul. It wasa wanqpring spirit which V L Mt3gr fell! " he gasped. " Oh, all the Penwithen lands, all the money it has brought me, good name, and all the rest will not pay for this. I'll go straight back and let him do hiB worst." He tamed aroand, and began to retrace his steps, bat had only gone a few stops before he changed his mind " What of Grace and Bert 1" he thought. "HI Bave them if I can. I promised their mother tbat I'd never neglect them, and I mast save them. Poor, dear Amt.Hn | She gave her life for Grace 1 Oh, my darling I Can't yon help me now 7 Ho, no. If theie's a heaven, she's there ; and the help I want can't come from heaven." Once mere he tnmed his face towards the south, and with trembling limbs came to the spot where the log of wood still lay. He gave a laugh, half of relief, half of misery. " It's only a bit of sea drift 1" he cried. " Oh, what a coward I am—a great, hoiking coward 1" On he roshed, nnmindfol of winds and waves. The stretch of sand was wider now, so there was no difficulty in walking. Presently a heap of rocks protruded them selves on to the beach, and then he stopped. " I shall eoon know," ha cried. " Ah, if it's still there it shall soon be ashes, HI bum it, in spite of all the dead men's corses that were ever invented. Why, oh, why didn't I do it years ago I" He crept behind the great heap of rockr, and found a fissure wide enough through which to squeeze his body; then he crawled along a few feet, until he was oat of the Wind. Outside the wind wailed and the sea surged, bat here was shelter and rest. Taking his lamp from his pocket, he cure fully lit it, and looked anxiously aroand him, after which' he went farther into the Letting the light fall on the ground, he examined the sandy floor. It had. not been aisturbed once the last flood tide, and no mark of a footstep was to be Been. He looked upward, and everything appeared as it wa.3, when he came there last. All was dark, gloomy, and silent. The Bea Bounded far away; he was alone—all, all alone. He stood still a second, as if afraid to act, j and he strained his ears, as if he thought he heard something. Ho; all was Bilent as death. He made a step forward towards a ! dbrk corner of the cave. Hark, what was that f He'thought he heard a sound like the falling of a stone, and he listened again. Ho, he was mistaken ; he was simply afraid. He went to the dark corner, and after looking awhile found an aperture. Into this he put his hand. He could feel nothing. ' Cold sweat trickled down'hie face,>nd his limbs trembled. " He must have found it I" he gasped, " and I am lost I " Again he pushed his arm into the aperture, this tune as far as he could reach. His Angers touched something smooth and cold. He clutched it tightly and drew it out. ' Safe I safe 1 " he cried; •' I'm a man again. Let me burn this When I get home, and then what have I to fear !" Unbuttoning his coat, he pat it into his breast-pocket, then he carefnlly buttoned his coat again, and again he realised the haunting fear which he had felt long years before when old Margery met him along the coast and asked him for the wilL " It seems to carry a corse with it," he muttered," bat it will be only for an hour." Once more he held np the lamp, hut in so doing knocked his arm, and the lamp fell from his hand. In picking it np he looked towards the entrance of the cave, and he thought he saw something shining, and quickly held the light towards it, bat nothing was to be semi. " Another delation," he moaned, " another delusion—ah, but I wish John Fraser was a delusion. Living or dead, he is a curst to me. Still, the will is safe, and the name of Penwithen will not be disgraced." He groped out ef the cave again, and in a few seconds later he stood under the open Bky. Madly he rushed along the beach, looking neither to ihe light nor left, and so he did not notice that he was followed. Yet it was eo. A man banding almost to a double kept near bim all the way, even as he had done ever since he had left Peuwithen. When JJeuben Fenwithen had stood on -the cliff, and breathed a sigh of relief became he was un noticed, thij cieatnre had been lying flat on the ground; but his eyes were never taken from the frenzied yeoman. When Beubea had turned and fled from the log that the waves had rolled on the shore, his follower crouched behind arock and watched, and when the frenzied man had entered the cave, and searched for the will, no movement went unnoticed. The watcher muttered ofttimes too; but he feared not. No ghostly visitants troubled him; all , his thoughts were about the man before him, whom he knew walked in hell. When Beuben hnrried towards Penwithen, and stumbled sometimes as he trudged along the beach, his watcher seemed to be un decided whether to make himself known, but he let him climb the cliff first, then, rushing up as easily as a chamois rushes np a mountain path, he saw that he mnit do his work quickly. Once on the headland again Benben's heart beat lighter. Even the last night's deed did not trouble him so mnch now, and so, grimly smiling as he felt the packet lying safely over his heart, he journeyed rapidly towards his home. Presently, how ever, hiB quick ear detected a sound, and he was about to turn around when he felt a stealthy hand fasten itself npon his arm like the grip of steel, while a low, mocking voice said to him : «I want to speak to you, Benben Pen withen." 