LITERARY GOSSIP. The death of Mr. J. A. Froude, recorded this week, was hardly unexpected, for news of his serious illness had reached us some weeks ago. Mr. Froude's literary activity was maintained till the last, for at the end of September Messrs. Long- mans were to publish his Oxford lectures on the Life and Letters of Erasmus. Phil May's Annual is to be ready in December, and will contain, besides drawings by this clever caricaturist, contributions by Sarah Grand, E. F. Benson, Grant Allen, and Morley Roberts. In another column of this issue will be found some London publishers' announcements. Mr. T. Fisher Unwin will shortly publish " The English Abroad : Sketches by an Australian Cousin." The authoress, Miss Susan Gavan Duffy, is the eldest daughter of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, K.C.M.G., who, it is understood, will write an introduction to the volume. Messrs. Ward and Downey have almost ready a work on " Crime and Criminals in Australia," by Mr. H. A. White. The book will deal especially with some of the most notorious gangs of bushrangers. In the preface to the interesting volume, " Queen Victoria's Dolls," issued by George Newnes, Limited, some particulars are given by her Majesty herself, through Sir Henry Ponsonby, of the isolation which, even in infancy, is one of the penalties of high station. Her Majesty was very much devoted to dolls" (Sir Henry writes), " and indeed played with them till she was nearly 14 years old. Hot favourites were small dolls small wooden dolls which she could occupy herself with dressing and they had a house in which they could be placed. Miss Victoria Conroy (afterwards Mrs. Hammer) came to see her once a week, and occasionally others played with her, but with these exceptions she was left alone with the companionship of her dolls." The Bishop of Salisbury and Mr. Earl Hodg- son have in their hands the materials for a third volume of the annals of the late Bishop Words- worth, of St. Andrews. Dr. George Macdonald has finished a new story, entitled "Lilith," said, to resemble in character his early sale, "Phantastes." Messrs. Cassell and Co announce a new life of Defoe, based on an examination of sources of information hitherto unprinted, by Mr. Thomas Wright, of Olney, the latest biographer of the poet Cowper. 6 The address delivered at Oxford by Lord Salisbury as President of the British Association is to be published by the Roxburghe Press with revision, and will bear the title of " Evolution : a Retrospect." Speaking of the new volume of the " Proceedings of the Psychical Research Society," the Daily Chronicle says it contains fine set of ghost stories. The ghost that rattles the fire-irons and coughs; the ghost that reads the Bible; the ghost in a cloak, covering its eyes with its hand; the ghost of the colonel who cut his throat ; the ghost that put its hand round the bed- curtains-they are all here. It is a relief (says the writer) to turn to Mr. Balfour's presidential address, which is a closely reasoned appeal to scientific men to drop an attitude of " bigoted intolerance " and face the mass of strange phenomena which "P R. S. has gathered so conscientiously. There can no longer be any doubt whatever that the P. R. S. has made some very remarkable and infinitely suggestive discoveries, and this new volume is as full of them as any of its predecessors. A Budapest despatch states that Maurus Jokai, the well-known Hungarian novelist, has attempted to commit suicide in a fit of melancholy. He tried to kill himself by means of a charcoal fire. His family discovered what had happened, and to prevent fatal effects burst open the door, but the fumes had taken effect and the condition of the famous writer is grave. Messrs. Methuen and Co. are Publishing a series of " English Classics," which will be moderate in price. Designed and printed by Messrs. T. and A. Constable, of Edinburgh University Press, the volumes will be on antique laid paper, with dookie edges, and bound in buckram and in addition to the ordinary issue there will be a small edi- tion, limited in most cases to 75 copies, on Japanese vellum. Mr. W. E. Henley, the general editor, has secured the co- operation of a staff which includes Mr. R. L. Stevenson, who has undertaken an appreciation of Bunyan, by way of introduction to " The Pilgrim's Pro- gress." The first. volume, " Tristram Shandy," with an introduction by Mr. Charles Whibley, will be issued immediately. It will be followed at intervals of a month or so by, amongst other volumes, Congrevo's " Plays," with an introduction by Mr. G. S. Street : "The Adventures of Hajji Baba of Ispahan," with an introduction by Mr. E. G. Browne, Reader in Persian at the University of Cambridge ; " Pride and Prejudice and others of Miss Austen's novels, with introductions by Mrs. Meynell; the "Plays" of Sheridan, with an introduction by Mr. Justin H. M'Carthy and Shakespeare's " Poems," with an introduction by Mr. George Wyndham, M.P. The Academy says At present the only complete edition of Tennyson is that in nine volumes. We are glad, therefore, to learn that Messrs. Macmillan propose to issue very shortly a single volume edition, which will add to the single volume of 1889 everything since published, and will also have (like that) a copy of the portrait engraved on steel by Mr. G. J. Stodart. In appearance it will be uniform with the complete editions of the poems of Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Matthew Arnold. Pierre Lott, on 15th September, began in the columns of the Nouvelle Revue the publication of his adventures on the journey from Cairo to Palestine, which he undertook during the spring, in the company of the Duc de Dino. These pages are entitled "Le Desert," and will serve as a preface to a more important work, which is to appear under the name " Jerusalem." The Author publishes an interesting list of the prices of a number of novels produced between the years 1750 and 1860. The list is apropos of the Three- Volume Question. Here are the original prices of a few famous works :-" Tom Jones" (Fielding), 4 vols., 12s; Peregrine Pickle" (Smollett), 4 vols., 12s; "The Man of Feeling" (Anon.), 2 vols., 5s; "The Monk" (M. G. Lewis), 3 vols., 10s 6d; "Guy Mannering" (Scott), 3 vols., £1 Is; "Peveril of the Peak" (Scott), 4 vols., £2 2s ; " QuontinDurward" (Scott), 3 vols., £1 Ils Cd ; " Vivian Grey" (B. D'Israeli), 2 vols., 1898; "The Smuggler" (G. P. R. James), 3 vols., £1 11s 6d. The same authority states that the first issue of the now common Gs novel was in 1861, when Messrs. Blackwood led the way with " Silas Marner." Messrs. Isbister will shortly publish a volume of sermons by Dr. Robertson Nicoll, in their Gospel of the Age Series, under the title " Tons minute Sermons." ' 