LONDON WEEK BY WEEK. [Weittek akd Illubthatkd by Haeey Fckkiss, of "Pouch."] London, February 2. MR, CEOEGE SMITH, OF C0AXVILL3. The annual meeting of the Showmen and Van dwellers' Association took place last week. The proceedings last year were animated in consequence of the antagonismshown towards one, Mr. George Smith, of Coalville. This year that patriarchal philautropist did not put in an appearance, so as an entertainment the meeting was a frost. Mr. George Smith, of Coalville, is one of the most constant attendants at the House of Commons. Day after day you can see him in the outer lobby with his broad good-natured face and his slouch hat, his pockets full of literature about his hobby, the Bill for the van-dwellers' benefit, as he thinks, but for their destruction according to. their way of looking at the matter. There he is to be seen, waiting to pounce upon eome M P. to support him or on some member of the Press to advertise his mission. The van-dwellers are a sturdy, pretty well to-do looking lot of men. The President-elect asked, "Do we look like a consumptive lot?" a remark that was greeted with laughter. Hot long ago I was riding down Hendon way, when I came across~a j brother artist painting a picturesque landscape with some of these van-dwellers in the middle distance. He told me that in his chats with them he had found them high respectable, even prudish,"^ A storm came on whilst he was painting the day before, and he jan to the van for shelter. After a few minutes he said, Ah, I think l u go nome; it s no use trying towork any longer toaay. xne van proprietor replied that weather made no difference to him, for he had a wife and five little'una to.keep. My friend, who is a bachelor,'and maintains his mother and sisters, replied, ''Well, I have five to keep also, and I. am not married." "Then put of this you go," shouted the virtuous van-dweller; "we don't shelter men of your class," and without waiting for any explanation he Bummarily ejected my mild and benevolent friend. Surely such men do not want legislation and protection, and I am not surprised that a clergyman took the chair at their meeting last week. Whilst struggling through the crowded city the other day in a hansom to catch a train 1 found myself "blocked" on Hol born Viaduct. Now, with plenty of time at my disposal, I do not object to a block in the city, for it is as good as most plays—and muoh better than some—to listen to the repartees and watch the antics of the 'busmen and cabbies. Just as the crowd was greatest I the other morning the' aspnalters were patching up the roadway and placing a barrier round each patch. To drive through these obstacles required the skill of the Horse Artillery men who annually show their prowess at the Agricultural Hall, and although there are no better drivers than the London cabbies and 'busmen, in a slip A H'EGG DANCE. pery thoroughfare amid61 a crowd of miscellaneous vehicles and cries from all sides, it is not quite the same as driving on the tan at Islington to the mubic of the band ; so I was not surprised to see some of these obstacles overturned and the wheel of the 'bus go over the new patch of asphalt, hot and soft. "Now then, stoopid, ain't yer got h'eys in yer 'ed ?" called out the infuriated Italian superintending the patch work. " Yuss, guv'nor, corse I 'avo; but yer know I can't make 'bus 'esses do a kloomin' li'egg dance." CHILDLIKE AND BLAND. Things move so rapidly nowadays that a wonder, instead of lasting nine days, exhausts itself in one. A few weeks ago the Ardlamont case was the sole topic of conversation from Land's End to John o' Groats ; to-day it is scarcely mentioned. Some have a vague idea that the name of Monson is some thing to do with a waxwork show, and that Scott is the name of some one that broke the bank at Monte Carlo ; that the Zierenbergs have bought Truth, or ; have written something iu it against Mr. .Labouchere. Home Rule has been dead 'many years—we seem to have read [' something about it when we were boys ; the Parish Councils Bill, in some minds, was the question that turned the late (Government out of office ; people are consulting books of reference to dis- j covor why the German Emperor and J Bismarck ever quarrelled, and the ear-' nest reader forgets one day what he read the day before. It iB therefore like digging up a mummy to bring Jaber. Balfour to the fore again, yet here he is once more the sensation of the hour. I see him sitting "childlike and bland" in his seat in the House of Commons, the puritanical financier sleeping the sleen of the innocent babe, and under the picture the words unearthed by a contemporary, 'written by his admiring friend, the Rev. Dawson Burns, D.D.:— I saw thee when a naw-born babe, A stranger come to town, And size and torin both seemed to say, . •' He's cestined for renown." ♦ •«**** And now what shall I wish for thee? All good in heart and mind, A joy to all thy friends and We, A blessing to mankind. These hues were written exactly thirty years ago. Poets were slways prophets. \- THfl PE1SSS—COMMONS AND LOHDS. Notwithstanding the complaints lodged against the House of Lords it cannot be said that they exclude the Press. Unlikethe Lower Chamber, where the the journalist has posi tively to fight to get into the gallery, the House of Peers makes provision for an increased attendance. During j the debate on the Home Rule Bill a j special gallery was given up to the special reporters, and recently has come by post a reoent invitation to pass for the extra Press Gallery during the debates on the Bills now before the Lords. The Lower House j has a lot to learn from% instead of / to complain of, the Upper House, and one thing the Commons have to gather from the Peers is a little more consideration for the' gentlemen without whom the political performances in the Commons would ho loBt to the outside world. I have always thought that one full-dress debate in the Lords is worth six in the Commons; the matured oratory in the Upper House contrasts strongly < with the conversational chatter in the Lower. Take away Mr. Gladstone, Mr.!Balfour, Mr. Chamberlain, and Mr. Asquith, and in the Commons there is no one worthy of the name of .a really reliable orator. Of course Mr. Plunkett rises to a great height when he likes, and others may come out occasionally with a fine speech, but amongst the efforts you hear in every important debate the plum'B are lost in a tremendous amount of .coarse suet. The oratorical dish in the Lords is always smaller, richer, and far more palatable on whatever side the debate is carried on. Compare, for instance, the late Bishop of Peterborough with the present member ; compare the late Lord Derby,-the Rupert of dobate, with the present/member for Derby; compare' Lord Salisbury, the leader of the Lords, with llr, LabpuiiUere, the leader against' them, and then sympaihiise with the Parlia mentary penman,.who lias to fight to hear the Commons, but is invited to hear the. Lords. In Hyde Park laBt Sunday afternoon was lield a meeting of a unique character, convened by the Waiters', Waitresses', Barmen's and Domestio Servants' Protection Union to secure better food, wages,. and sleeping accommodation, and these Roberts and Marys called upon Mr. Mundella and Sir Wil liam Harcourt to form a Govern-' ment Registry Office, pleading that by charging a small fee Sir William could save the budget by making up any deficit he might find in the revenue! It is well-known that the budget is the critical question with the Government at present— now it is safe ! If the Chancellor i of the Exchequer will open that registry office and take the servants'' pence this great country will be able to pass over a most acute crisis, and * the Government will get out of a very awkward dilemma. I venture to think, though, that had Sir Wil liam proposed such a tax there would have been as great a flare up as that caused by Chancellor Robert Lowe when he proposed to tax the match-sellers. Shall I ever hear the end of -servants' registry. the Thirteen Club Dinner'( Every post I receive thirteen letters, each enclosing thirteenrequeBts,and I-want thirteen Secretaries for thirteen hours a day. to reply to the corre spondence. Allow me in a few. lineB (limit them to thirteen, Mr. Printer,: please) to eay that I merely presided at the dinner, and that all .communications , should be addressed t.o the prime mover and President of the club, the genial Mr. William Harnett Blanch, Anderton's Hotel, Fleet street. I have had letters from all over the United Kingdom, Holland, Spain, France, and Germany, from those wishing to start a Thirteen Club. It would seem wm. hahnett BLANCH, that about 13,000 were joining the movemont against thirteen persons opposing it, the latter including Mr. Andrew Lang, Mr, Oscar Wilde, and the editor of an evening contemporary. Among other interesting letters I received the following, which is worth quoting as n warning to householders:— "During Christmas week a well-dressed man called on a lady who resides in a fashion able square. She was busy reading the paper about frauds in general, and the man was shown in. He said he was the Secretary of a Psychical Society, and had called to ask if the house was haunted, or if there were any mysterious noises or auy ghostB about it. The lady, who knew her London well, promptly in formed the caller that he had come to the wrong place, and ushered him off the premises. He had . come apparently after 'Spooks,' hut the lady was woll up to the tricks of the town, and knew that he would spell 'Spooks' with' an SPOOKS OR SPOONS. * n and not with a 4 k, and that it was not Spook# that tho man was after. | MRS. RfKHY. Last week during the performance of "Cinderella at a matinee at the Lyceum Theatre a pretty little incident occurred. Mrs. Mary Anne Keeley, our oldest living actress, now in her eighty-ninth year, was in the stallB. The Manager, Mr. Oscar Barrett, spied her, and during the performance sat next her and chatted about the long, long ago when Mrs. Keeley played in " Cinderella" in this very theatre. She is the Grand Old Lady of the stage—quick, witty, and as full of vitality as the youngest actress, with the advantage of having a long and interesting lifetime of- reminiscences with which to aengnt you. mac very arternoon i called upon a great triend 01 Mrs. tveeieys, ana was admiring a very beautiful handwork firescreen quite recently done by Mrs. Keeley, and presented to our mutual iriend. Above the screen is framed the note which was sent with it, in which, if I recollect rightly, the actress states—" My own work ; all done without specs, at the age of eighty-five." Stage life iu many cases is not only a happy, but a healthy one, and there is no better practical evidence of this than the "Cinderella" of our father's boyish days, Mary Anne Keeley. - PBAT BBiqi'ETTES AS FUEL AND THE LEIGH'S Cbeek Coal.—Industries and Iran says it has long been regarded as probable that the exten sive deposits of peat found on the moors iu the West of England might be utilized in some way eo as to make the material available as a fuel for smelting iron. An attempt was made about two years agp, when machinery was erected near Bridestdwe by the Dartmoor Peat and Iron Smelting Company, Limited, which had secured the right of working two square miles of peat. Several difficulties were encountered in preparing the peat so as to bring it into the required oondition to make it available for smelting iron. Mr. J. D. Brunton, of London, has, however, invented maobinery whioh is to overoome the diffi tal lies alluded to. The peat when dug oiit con tains a very large percentage of water; this is got rid of by evaporation. The peat is delivered by a revolving band into a hopper, from whioh it is foroed through a perforated iron plate, by which means the fibres are completely broken up and macerated, reducing the peat to the oondition of thiok mud. In thie state it is oarried on endless bands to moulding maohines, where it is pressed into brick shapes, and afterwards conveyed automati cally into a drying oven, until the moisture ie all evaporated. The inventor claims that these brioke will be found superior to coal for the purpose of iron smelting. A considerable quantity is- bBing manufactured to be for warded for use in the blast furnaces at Bir mingham. It is expected that blast furnaoes will be shortly erected at Dartmoor, and extensive works' for iron smelting will be oarried on there. It has been suggested that the Leigh's Creek ooal being well adapted for makiDg into briquettes, if this were done a far more valuable and marketable fuel would be produced. In the form of bricks it would be more convenient for oarriage, for handling, and for use in the house; while the improve ment in the quality of the fuel, and its adapta bility for use in locomotives, Bmelting furnaces, stationary engines, &o.;, wonld enhanoe its commercial value, while at the same time its heating power wonld be intensified. Its liability to disintegrate would beoouuteraoted, consequently there wonld be no waste to the . oonsumer, while on the mine all the small ooal oould be used in making briquettes, so that every partiole raised would b90ome marketable in. the best possible form and of' the best quality. Several experts, both here and in; the neighbouring colonies, have prononnoed most 'favourably on the adaptability of the Leigh's Creek coal for briqutte-making. A Vaixable Mineiiai- Coixection.—The .rare and beautiful specimens of silver and lead ore obtained in and near Broken Hill shortly after mining operatione were begun in the Barrier district developed in inany perEonetbe taste for making collectione of the more attrac tive and curious of the minerals. Inplaoes far distant from the Barrier similar attempts to obtain charaoteristio specimens from the most famous mine in the world were also plentifully made, the result being to increase both their scarcity and their Talue. While several private collections, formed with great care and judgment, contain samples of the ore deposits which accurately pourtrav the nature of the lodes at the Hill the public Museums of the colonies as a rule possess but meagre material of the samekind fortheuseofstndents. The Council of the Adelaide Sohool of Mines has recently acquired as a loan an exhibit of minerals gathered by Mr. H. Wallosohek, whose conn&tion; with Broken Hill began in its infancy, and who baa made exoellent use of his opportunities to obtain rare and valu able ores. The collection contains altogether more than' ' 1,000 specimens, comprising minerals from all parts of Australia, together with a few gems from foreign countries. Naturally the lead ores of Broken Hill pre ponderate in size and beauty, and experts who have seen them, are pronounced in their praise of the magnihocnt display of crystals in all those varying forms which so delight, both the ordinary visitor and the mineralogical student. ' A speoial feature iB the wealth of silver ores, inoluded in this branch being bonlangerite, bournonite, brong niartite, eternbergite, and dyscrasite. One mass of native silver is especially worthy of inspection. There are forty speoimens of the zinc ores associated with the lead'and silver at Broken Hill. Gold nuggets and -auriferous vein" stuff 'from the various colonies and op&lB; from Queensland oeoupya corner of the second oaBe, in which 'are also Bmall ingots of zino,lead,silver,oopper, tin, niokel, aluminium, antimony, bismuth, and iron. A number of oupBlled buttons of silver ahow beautifully the phenomena of arboreeoenoe or "spitting," as assayera less poetically and with some disgust term this development, on account of the vitiated re sults of aasay, and the loss sometimes caused by it. Mr.1 Wallosohek purposes to exhibit the collection in his native-land unless he should previously be induced to part with it to some public institution. lathe meantime it forms a valuable supplement to the exhibits at the disposal of the Council of the Sohool of i .Mines, and-Will be greatly appreciated by -teachers; students, and visitors. - 