BATHUEST. (prom our correspondent.) The Election Contest. — Sir George Dibb3 opened the campaign on behalf of hia absent col leugu^, the Hon. F. B. Suttor, on Monday last. In the afternoon he addressed a representative meet ing at Ptrtl-, T/here he received a good reception, and a voto ot confide nca in Mr. Suitor was carried unanimously. On the same evening the Premier was announced to speak at the School cf Arts at 8 o'clock, bu1- long before that hour tbe hall was packed fr:-m ilio? to ceiling ; hundreds were on able to obtain admittance, and it ia conceded on all aides that no public man was ever accorded so hearty and genuine a reception. Sir George was supported on the platform by the leading men o£ Bathursfc, and if aa opinion can ba found from Monday night's maeting, I would eay that F. B. SuttoE was certain of beiag returned. But I muGt not hazard such an opinion, so long as Mr. James Walker remains in the field. Mr, Walker claims to be a prUectionitt. He io the nominee of the Labour party, and as such possesses a certain following ;bub though he baa not the ghost of a chance oi; election, there is no doubt he will get a great many votes that would otherwise, be giyen to mr. ouoior. oecBuse he is Mayor, he will obtain anuuabaroil protec tion and freatrade votes, bo thrift the knife cuts both ways ; yet he must iniure Suitor more than Sydney Smith, and for that reason many of Mr. Walker's best acd truest friends urge him to setire. Mi.1. Sydney Smith is very active in hia canvfJS3. He has addressed meetings at all the centres, and reiterated, with disgusting frequency, all the old foreign-trade platitudes and idiotic drivel about protection ; but I am very much mistaken if he can hoodwink the farmers about; Bathuret into favouring the introduction o£ foreign imports into competition with their own produce. The Macquarie Electorate.— -There era no less than six aspirants for fche honour of representing Macquarie in the ntxfc Par liament. Mr. She) ton seeks the job because he is a labourer out of work, and has signed the idiotic pledge of the L.E.L. Messrs. Brown and Tonkin flaunt the freetrade rap, whilst protection finds strong champions in Alderman Davis, o£ Woollebra, Messrs. Hughes and W. l-\ Hurley, Of tre lot I consider the clmrces of the laEfc named gentleman the best. He is a forcible speaker, a straight-out protectionist, and appears to me to be head and shoulders above any o£ hia opponents. Close of the Mission. — The rnieBion which has been held during the last fortnight in SB. Michael and John's Cathedral was brought to a successful condueion on Sunday night. There were large sttendonces at all the eervicep, uotn morning and evening, the spacious cathedral being literally paclred, and the crowds that approached the Bleesed Sacraments must have been a source of exceeding great joy to the zealous missionary, Fr. Piquet, as well as to the revered and venerable Bishop, Dr. Byrne, and to Fra. Biio'rdan aud Dunne. St. Stanislaus' College.— Studies were re» sumed aiiter the midwinter vacation on Wednes day afc Sr. Stanislaus'. A very large nuuibir of the boy?, over 50, 1 linden bind, returned on the first day. . This augvrs well for tbe coming term, and must be very gratifying ro the management; 