REVIEW. THE FUNCTION OF THE I5TBLE. (By the Moderator.) Ha vino disposed of the Verbal Theory of the bible, and set aside the notion that tho bible is a " code of rules," nnd as nothing but a tradition of the scribes, tho Moderator proceeds to explain in what sense he regards the true function ot the Dime. His appeal is to the Lord Jesus Christ. He con tends that Christrejected the notion ol the scribes that the scriptures area verbally inspired coda of rules, as to what men should believe and do to win eternal life. He argues that Christ's own view must be the true one. That the scripture hoars witness of Him. This on Christ's own authority I10 declares to he the true function of the bible, nnd where its supremo value lies. The bible is thus Christ's witness making Him known to men. Ho thoreforo holds tho bible to be invaluable and indis pensable, for without it men could not know Christ —could neither see His face nor hear His voice. Tho Holy Spirit was promised by Christ- to the Apostles that they might he true anil sufficient witnesses of Him. Hero follows a sentence that, we are not sure what the Moderator means. — " The question as to i the inspiration of the bible writers, its nature, ex tent and mode, is really of 110 importance whatever when wc regard them as witnesses. The question is, he says— Aro they // 7/ ,1 His answer is affirmative. " llecauso they do reveal Christ and make Him known to men." We should have thought that the question of inspiration was a prior one as a mailer ot fact, and that it. had everything to do with tho "sufficient witness." Does not their " sufficiency '' lie in the fact that what, they witnessed to was inspired 111 them ot Cod V "Wo should have supposed so. Of course it, might ho said that what thov witnessed was its own evidence. That may bo so with respect to those who have .spiritual' vision and a believing heart. But the truth to which they witnessed was first of all inspired in them by the n//l<ttux of tho Divine Spirit. It was not the moral intention of Peter's own mind which led him to say--" lhou art- the Christ tho Sou of the living Cod," but a special revelation to Peter. Christ settles ibis point when lie said to Peter, " Blessed art thou Simon Barjona, for flesh and blond luilh not revealed if unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven." Wc "should rather reverse the Moderators furm of expression and say they were sufficient witnesses of Christ both in tho Old and Now 'I esiamont, because of the fact of their inspiration. For no revelation ever came by the will of man, but holy men spake from Coil being moved by the Holy Ghost. ... - ft seems to us that instead of the m-| .trillion ot the bible writers lining of " no importance," that it is of primary and superlative importance. It is difficult to see that if inspiration be of 110 import- aueo how any ore could lie a " snili .ieiit witness" of the supernatural Christ. If there be no divine ! inspiration wlint could they witness to tnnn God, if Goil had given them 110 message to declare con cerning the Christ that was to be. The sufficiency if it lias any ground at all to rest upon must lie in tho fact that they woro moved to speak from God what lib lias given them to utter. It could not lie in their own penetration into divine tilings. Tho Moderator proceeds, " Ami if Toy deny the : bible writer's inspiration, we do not pause to argue, wo say, " Let that be so, if you will. Still they have done all that was required, anil the utmost | they could do — they have made Christ known to But how eapie they to do tills ? Was it not as inspired men they did so? The:!- . . 011c side of thn question. 'I'horo is another si-ie. The writer of Hebrews gives it, n tar ia i f- ' Cm j A postolie witnesses were concerned, in these words: " Cod also hearing witness with their, both by signs and wonders, and by nianilold powers, and by gifts of the Holy Ghost according to His will." Tho "sufficiency" here is clearing, not simply what was preached, tut also the concurrent lesti liiony of God confirming their utterance?). They did all they could, and in addition God demonstra tes his superhuman power and agency in eon junction with their preaching. 'J heir " sufficiency " as wit- I nesscs roots itself down into tho fact of their in- j spiral ion. It is true tho scriptures aro eternal life, neither are they Christ ; but they hoar witness for Christ-, and their highest, noblest, divines'- function is to reveal llim and to lead men to Ilim. 'ibis we light they do because they are inspired records. The function llie bible claims for itself anil the end it is designed to serve is to bo " profitable for doe- trine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction iq righteousness." All its records have been preserved, not so much jtluit wc may see how others lived, thought, and felt, but that wo may learn how to live, think, and foc-1 ourselves. The story of their lives was written to reprove, to correct, and to im prove ours. All inspired scripture is given that tho man of God may he perfect thoroughly furnished unto all good works. Tho validity of tho bible rests on its power to save, and the witness it heaps to the living Christ, tho son of God and revcaler of the Father. And the validity of tho witnesses lies in tho fact'lhat holy men spake from God as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Critics may differ about the bible and its suitlieii- tleilv, hut'.ilo it harm they cannot-. Astronomers have differed about the stgrs, and what is the re sult'; 'The stars are still in tho heavens. They shine as bright as over. And so it will bo with the bible. Men may differ about and dorido it ; but as a repository of morel and spiritual truth and tec revcaler of the Christ of (Jed, it- will siiinu for ever, and guide an over-in ert- ming multitude across the wide wastes of life, air! land them safely in their boinoiu God. " Fur the word of the Lord will'abidu for eve,.. And this is I lie. word of good tidings which was I preached unto you." The scriptures do r.ot give any theory of igspir- ' atiun but irom first to last assunio tho fact that "God, in sundry times and divers manners spake in | time past unto the fatficrs, in the prophets, hath at I the mid of tliuse days.'spoknn unto us );y His Son." Hem then is progress in revelation. H'oru is I God's final and supreme utterance unto man. -|s I rays of light centre in t lie focus, so all previous 1 rays of divine revelation centre in tho sun of right- : cousness which is Christ Himself. He is God's highest revelation, and therefore becomes our supreme authority. There is 110 occasion to dopre- ( eiate or under-valuo tho progressive stages of divine revelation in the past because tho "brightness ;j( the Father's glory " now shines upon us in the full- orbed splendour of His Son. " lie is the " express j image" of the Father. To Him >y,e can go with open face without u veil between. Into his presence 1 all sinful sotifs and troubled heart's can go and find I mercy, healing and help, pon.ee and joy. 