CHAPTER XXIII, Tin: dukk's misgiving, A. lady richly-clad ivs sho Uoautiful oxooodlngly.— CoiiKridok. ' EgiiAntink, was that wiso P' Godfrey Merrion had soarcoly com prehended what his wife was about to do until he saw tho Uamo leap up and dostroy tho dirty and torn piece of paper that had oansod him so much suffering. ?? T think sn.' ' Would it not havo boon better to havo looked it up— put it in a place of safoty, so that ? ' ' So that by and bye, if there wore any truth in it— I say ' if,' for I don't boliovo thero is — it might riso up and boar, testimony against us? It is .bettor whoro it is.' ' It is an awful thing, wife.' -( What P' she askod, and her tone had' something of contompt -in it. ' That little heap of burnt ashes, or tho lio they hold beforo I mado them what thoy are. Godfroy, for hoavon's sako don't look so woobogono, It is a lio — a hidoous, wiokod invontion, and you must, treat it as such.' ' I cannot, From this hour ovory placo will be hauntod to|mo. I shall soo ? ?' ' Hush, for your own sake,' she said, sternly, ' or I shall think you havo lost your sensos. What should haunt you P Not tho ghost of that bit of papor, suroly. Nothing can como of it unless notice is .taken of it, .and you cannot do that now. ? You do not oven know tho addrosa of tho writor, unless you copied it bofore I oame downstairs,' ' No, I did not. I never thought of it. I could not romombor it,' '? Nor anyono else. I' do not be lieve there is any suoh plaoo or suoh person, We must treat it as though it had never boon.' ' But-wpj?lifoHvhear more of it.' 11 Thysmay bo or may not. Lot it bo till wo. do. It will bo time enough thon to talco troubjo about it. .1 say it is only a vilo(' attempt to extort money, and I hHvo treated it as it de serves.' ' You have moro courage than I have, Eglantine.' ' Not a bit, Fredo. Tho thing took you by surprise and scared away your wits, that was all. I asked you to toll me of it, you know. I was in some measure prepared for something disagreeable. Rouso yourself, ana don't let anyono fanoy that you havo boon put out Jor troublod.' It was not easy, but ho monagod to tako a oup of coifoo, and to go out on his usual rounds about tho estate, and Lady Merrion wont back to hor own room. Many who saw his lrrdship that mornincr markod tho unusual pallor of his face, and the curious look of expectancy it woro. Ho seemed to be an ticpiating some thing, and kept looking round him as though fearing someone was behind him, Ho waB so Btrangoly contradic tory in his orders that his steward, iruu uuuuiii|juiuiuu iiiiti, uuu uiuuu uuo io set matters quietly straight with rat appearing to interfere in his master's affairs. Lady Momon wont to hor own t'oom with a stately resolute step, and hor beautiful hoaa held as hign as though nothing had happened to an noy her, and sat down boforo hor toilet table. ',Try anew ityleof coiffure to day,' she said, carelessly to hor maid. Judging from luodoro's drawings, and its suiting tho Princess so well, I should say it would do for mo. You have studied it, I hopo ?' ' I havo, my lady.' * ' And you have prepared tha hair f ' ' Yos, ray lady. You said you did not know wlionyou wonld try it, and I had it all ready a woek ago.' ' Oh, well, I'l'l try it to-day, Ifool in a lazy mood this morning, 10 you may arrango it i'or mo. If I don't liko tho effect, I can go back to mv old stylo.' Tho ?maid gave a, little sigh, and' dovoutly hoped that tho now fashion might ploaso hor ladyship, for to dross her hair olaboratoly wan a long and fatiguing process and tho pros poot of doing it twice was anything butploasing. Lady Merrion had hor dressing gown put on, and stretohed herself out in tho chair iho used at her toilet, It was a cosy, comfortable seat, with a rest for tho back of her neck, so that she could sit and road luxurious ly whilo her maid stood behind hor plaiting and arranging lior elaborate coiffure, ' Will your ladyship havo a book P' ' No. X cannot road this morning, Or, stay. Yes, I will. Reach mo that ono. No, tho red one, That will do— now you can go on.' Eglantine tried to read, but it was all in vain, To think of anything but tho letter was impossible, and tho book soon lay unheeded in her lap ; hor eyes and thoughts woro far away, Tho former went wandering out over tho greon park and tho soughing trees out-Bido tho window— tho wide do main of which sho was tho honoured mistroBs; tho latter went drifting back through all tho years that hatl gone by uince she, a little girl,1 had oomo horo as tho playmate and visitor of tho two bright boys — ' ' tho Merrion twins.' .13 von thon it had been a tacitly soltlod thing between their parents that flho was to bo the brido ot ono of them, and somo day hold tho position that was hers now— mistress of Mor rion Royal, It had all ccmo about, but so oddly. Tho youngor brother was hor husband, after all, not tho older. Godfrey was Lord Merrion, and Outhbort ? Ah, sho must not think of him and his horriblo doathin tho African junglo, Sho must koop hor thoughts oil: that, or flho should Boroam, faint, go into hysterics, or betray horsolf to her maul, It wus suoh an awfnPstory, but ib had mado hor mistross of Morrion Royal, and sho would forget it now. Godfrey was Lord Merrion ; no sad ^memories could ohango that fact, but, somohow tho imago of Outhbort was haunting Km, JK-Ia m mill in n- ? f illt.lllini'fc lUllf). HflfL suffering as thoy had only too muoh reason to fear ho was boforo he joined tho terrible expedition ; Outhbort dropping from his placo among his comrades to dio j loft alone iu. that fearful placo for tho jaokals and the ? No, it was too horriblo! And, with a little gasp, sho put her hands beforo her eyes, as though to shut out somo fearful vision. (To bo continued) 