CHAPTER VII.—Raising a Ghost. It ia the month of roEes. Glorious sunny Juno. The gardens round Aboyne Court are radiant with perfume and the house, too, is filled with sweet fragrance, for Lady Ger trude worships beauty in all its forms, and zoees are her especial-passion. Curious old china bowls from almost every known pottery-manufacture both in and out of Europe, stand about in unexpected nooks and comers and are filled everywhere with the queen of flowers. But in the library is the greatest piofusion. It is Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and it -was Sir Louis’, perhaps for the reason that it Is the sunniest in the house, and from it, Ifrenoh windows open on to a terrace, beyond whioh lies the lawn and a panorama of fer tile scenery stretching far away for miles. The library is scarcely, however, the staid, Boekwormy room it was before the old Baronet died. With new heirship have come new ways and, Sir Clement professing him aelf to be absolutely indifferent as to what changes are made, Lady Gertrude has filled Che room with hex woman’s knick-knacks, al most to the obliteration of the ponderous tomeB which still hold their own on the book shelves. It is in the library that Lady Ger foide receives her intimates for five o’olock tea, the drawingroom being reserved for gala Jays, of which as yet there had been none. Sir Clement is averse to any large gather ing, giving as an excuse, the plea that it is too soon as yet after his uncle’s death for them to invite their friends, except qnite quietly. In this no one can gainsay him, yet it 1b ■caroely Clement Dunraven’s real motive for . rtflsnsias >a assist/ changed man since his marriage, is perpetu ally starting at shadows, and toe intercourse with hie fellows, in which he need to delight, mow frightens him. He skulks about the grounds for the most 'part alone, and is th3 very shadow of the once genial Clement, in spite of his accession to wealth and title and the faot of his being the possessor of the most charming little wife in all the country-side. Everyone notices the ohange. even Lady -Gertrude, so baokward, as a rule, to think there is anght amiss with her Clement. They are standing together at the library window, looking oat over those broad acres which are all his now. Her hand is on his .shoulder, her pretty eyes are looking np into Bisfaoe. “ What ails yon, Clem darling, I feel snre Hist yon have some worry. Why not oonfide . in your own Gerty P You will never have a tener or more sympathetic friend than yonr “ There it nothing the matter, Gerty. I have told you a hundred times. What a nuisance it is to ask these foolish ques She shook her head and pretended not to aeetbe irritability of manner by which these words were accompanied. ■? “ You are deceiving me, you naughty darling. If nothing is worrying you, why are not you cheery and laughing, as yon used tebe?” “ I suppose because I have responsibilities now whioh I had not then. One cannot always be a boy, my child. A good deal de pends on me now which I had not to think of a few months ago. You forget that I am a ,Staid Benediok.” She turned from him with a pout. Tbatis just it; you are sorry you married Saw, and yon never cease regretting it.” , . What oonld he say! How answer 861 this unexpected outburst. Was it not the truth ? Hie answer somewhat astonished her, it seemed to oome so really from his heart. “ Gerty, never, never say that again. Un less you wish to make me too horribly un happy, never upbraid me by saying I regret the day I married you.” And yet, did he not regret it more and more, eaoh hour he lived ? Ay, regretted it the more intensely because he was learn ing to love, after a fashion, this dainty, bewitching little Gertrude, who loved him so well. She was not the passionate desire of his heart, as had been Lisbeth, nor could he ever feel that ardent longing for any other woman; still, he loved sweet Gertrude. And by the strange anomalous crooked ness of his nature it was Lisbeth not Ger trude whom he had of late begun to regard as the intruder. If the truth ever came out, he would lose Gertrude—there lay his fear. He oould trust Lisbeth, ay, to the death; then why need he quake ? Vet it would be belter if she were dead—she and her child, whose existence was such a reproach and re morse to him. Could he be a really happy man until they were both laid in their graves. Each day he was more and more impressed with the feeling that release from suffering would only come with their deaths, and yet there seemed no chance of either of them dying. They were both well and strong. He must bear his burden as lightly as he oould, and make life as happy as possible for the dear confiding little wife who nad trusted him so completely that she had asked no questions about bis past. It was therefore a terrible shock to him to discover that she fancied he regretted his marriage. He did not regret it; waa not lady Get,, trade the woman in the right place, far man fitted to be chatelaine of Aboyne Court than the lowly Lisbeth? He oould be perfectly happy and contented with his lot if fear and remorse, those twin demonesses, would not obtrude themselves so freely and render his life one long agony. And if (Jer trade’s voice were to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceaseless reminders, life wonld become ntterly unbearable. Hence the Bharp ory he uttered in answer to her suspicions. She knew at once that she had wounded him, and tears of sorrow and repentance came into the eyes that gazed into his. “ My Clem, my beloved,” she said, “for give me. It was mere foolishness that made me speak so. You have Bpoilt me nntil I have grown reckless of speech and taunted you with what I know does not exist. For give me—you will?” Her arms were about his neok and his head drawn down to her level, so that she could imprint a loving kiss on his lips, when the door opened and the burly butler an nounced— “ Mr Fierce Vaughan.” Always, as usual, on the wrong spot at the wrong moment, Pierce Vaughan walked in with the stereotyped Mephistophelean smile whioh usually irradiated his sinister counte nance. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To be caught spooning by Fierce Vaughan was another drop added to Clement’s cup of bitters, while Lady Gertrude, who, owing to his assumed air of superiority was always a little bit afraid of Fierce, writhed under the oonviction that he was laughing at her for being a little fool. So he waa, bnt for a very different reason to any little Lady Gertrade would ever have guessed. He did not appear to have noticed anything unnsnal on his entrance, and held out his hand to the present owners of Aboyne Court with much apparent cordiality. “ We have not seen you for some time, Pierce,” said Sir Clement a little drearily. “ Where are you staying t” “ At Lady Marcia Foljambe’s. She is the only individual about here who ever invites me now Sir Louis is dead. “ What a reproaob,” oried Lady Gertrude, “unmerited, too, for we have been away so much, and are scarcely settled here even now. Of oonrse, you know you are aa welcome now you were in Sir'LouU* time; " Are'you riot' Clement’s eousin ?” She looked round at her hnsband expecting him to endorse this almost gashing welcomei but she was disappointed by the very cool manner in which he said: “ Very glad to see yon, Pieroe.” He would not have said it at all if he had not been absolutely compelled, and no one knew this better than Pierce, although he smiled and showed his white teeth and to all outward appearance accepted in all good faith, the very general invitation that had been given him. For a few minutes they all three talked cordially enough on topics of interest in con nection with their neighbors. Then, Lady Qeitrude having rung for tea, Sir Clement rose when it came in and said, not being a tea-drinker he wonld leave Pierce to her tender mercies as he wished to give his bailiff some orders before the men left off Had Sir Clement Donraven been a man who thought seriously before he aoted, he would probably not have been weighted by the heavy load of trouble which now op pressed him, and very certainly it was not the least foolish thing he ever did when he left Fierce Vaughan alone with Ladv Gertrude’; not that Pieroe had any idea of making love to her, although he had professed himself to be one of her suitors before marriage. He was far too careful a man to commit himself by a flirtation .with another man’s wife, bnt there are other ways of ruining conjugal peace besides love-making. He bad had a long walk and was rather tired, he remarked, and the lady having nothing to do but amuse and he amused, they settled themselves down for a good ohat about everything and every body. What Pieroe Vaughan said, he would pro bably never have said if the opportunity had not been, as it wen, made for him. He oer tainly had had no intention of doing more | than what ha called “ look up his relations” j when he Btarted for a visit to Aboyno Court. Clement Dunraven had given him one lead by going indiscreetly away; Lady Gertrude gave him a seoond by an unwary question. ‘‘Do yon not think Clement is very changed, and looks as if he had some terrible worry?” she asked as Bho handed him his second cup of tea, ‘‘I have seen very little of him since his marriage,” replied Mr Vaughan, “but 1 oanuot help recognising the fact that he is changed." “ He says it is the responsibility of being a landlord that weighs upon him.” “ Oh 1 I should not have given Clement credit for having soruples.” “ What do you mean 1 All oonsoientioos people must have sornples at times." “ And you oonsidor Clement to bo very oonsoientious—conscience is not, as a rule, a highly-developed masculine quality.” “ Oh, Mr Vaughan! How oan yon talk so?” He laughed cynically. “ Believe me. Lady Gertrude, we are all sad dogs, and 1 don’t fancy Clem is any better than the rest of us. At any rate, he never used to be. What reformations you have brought about, of oourse, I am no jndge of, but for the present I am not inclined to believe in them.” Lady Gertrude looked very serious, and for a moment or two did not speak; then she “ I wonder what you mean, and I wonder now what Clement meant when he told me on the evening that he asked me to be his wife, that he was not a man I ought to trust. And that if I did so, it was at my own “ Clement told you this?” And Pieroe Vaughan seemed exceedingly surprised, and momentarily startled out of his sang froid be unconsciously drew his chair a few paces nearer his hostess. “ He did. Bat why does it astonish you so muoh ?” “ 1 did not think—well, to tell the truth, I did not think he would have dared.” “ Not dare to toll me. You forgot he was asking me to be his wife.” “ There are some episodes in a man’s life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last person to be told of. I, for instance, should never have made any reference to Clement's past if he had not done so him self." “Yon know, then—know that there is something worrying Clement, and about whioh he will not be explicit ?” “ X can imagine that it may be so.” “ And you will tell me what it is, bo that I may use all the means in my power to re move this annoyance ?” “You?” “Do not say you in that tone, Mr Vaughan. Is it so very strange that l should wish to make my husband happy ?•’ “ Impossible. It is quite impossible for you to do anything in this matter. Besides, unless Clement tells you the whole truth himself I will oertainly not do so. I oould not betray confidence.” “ I will ask him the first time I have an opportunity,” she said natively, as though Bhe fully expected that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. Pieroe Vaughan smiled and wondered what sort of an explanation her inquiries would call forth. Very cettainly he himself could not have given a full one since he knew no more of Clement’s affairs than that to whioh some suspicions pointed. It was therefore not only wise, but imperative that he should deal in innuendoes. “ There waB a letter onoe," went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to herself, “ I would not read it; it came the day before our marriage.” “A letter!” And in spite of himself a blush spread over his usually pallid face. She did not notioe, however. She was too muoh engrossed by the subject that was so near to her. “Yes, it was signed by a woman ; I forget the name and was accompanied by one from an anonymons well-wisher. I gave them to Clement and he burnt them both. You see I could not in honor accept any anonymons communication. Fancy setting suoh a low, oowardly. warning, in . the . .dark . against Olemaova truth." “ And he explained the matter ?” “Of course. He said all men had had their youthful escapades; that he was no better or a orse than others. Just what yon say yourself, Mr Vaughan, that it does not do for a wife to pry too olosely. I am sure I am not ourious, and if Clement did not look so unhappy and worried I should not ask a single question about hiB past. I do wish you would help me to put everything quite right for him.” “ I would do a great deal for yon, Lady Gertrude, bnt in this matter I do not see how I oan help you. You are evidently not aware that Clement, although he is my first cousin, entertains no friendly feeling towards me. Why, I cannot say, since we have been more or lesB brought up together, unleee from the faot that I know more about his affaire than quite pleases him.” “ I am sure Clement would never dislike you for this, if you are good and kind to him,” oried Lady Gertrude, warmly. Pierce Vaughan shrugged hie shoulders. “Thereis, perhaps, another reason,” he said, “why Clement does not especially affect me. You know the old lines, . Forgiveness to the inj ured does belong But those ne’er pardon who have done the wrong.” “ And how does that apply to Clement ?” “ If Clem had not undermined my position with my uncle, I should not be the pauper I am to-day.” “Oh, Mr Vaughan, how unjust, Clement is incapable of doing such a thing. I have heard him several times express his regret that you had not a larger sum of money left you, and that he should like to make it up.” “ Mere words, dear Lady Gertrude. It is very likely that he would give money to me when he married yon in order to get this place and the fortune. Sir Lonis insisted on the marriage; if he had refused he would have been disinherited.” Lady Gertrude became crimson, then deadly pale, so muoh so that Pierce got frightened and thought he had gone too far and hastily began eating his words. “I don’t say he did not care for you,;vdear Lady Gertrnde ; what man could do other “ Enough, Mr Vaughan,’’ cried Lady Ger trnde, drawing herself op with dignity, “ we have already talked too mnoh about Clement andhia affaire.” IhU wound to her self-pride reminded her keenly of her wifely duty. He forthwith aooepted the dismissal of the subject. He knew as well as she did that enough had been said to leave a far deeper wound than Lady Gertrude had any idea of; only one thing more he must do, he most take care of himself. He rose to take his leave; as she gave him her hand, he bent over it— “I will never say another word about these matters,” he said, “unless you begin the conversation, and I do hopB you will make me one promise.” “ What is it ?" “ Never to tell Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow further dissension between us by giving him cause to dislike me. I spoke in oonfidenoe whioh I already regret, Bince I am striving my utmost to forgive Clement any injury he may have done me, and I do so wish that we may all be good friends—Yon will promise?” “ 1 premise, Mr Vaughan. I would not make any misohief between you and Clement for all the world.” He kissed the little hand he still held, and without further observation went away to stroll baok aeross the fields to Lady Maroia Foljambe’s. . Eor a long half hour after he left her Lady Gertrnde eat very still and looked, as white and soared ss if she had seen a ghost. And so, indeed, she had, a ghost that would stalk by her side, nor leave her daring the rest of her pilgrimage. Can there he a drearier or more eheerlees companion of our way than auepioion of one we love. One, too, that stioketh oloee, for neiiher by night nor day does the treacherous fear ever desert us. When Pieroe ' Vaughan introduced this ever-stalking fiend into Lady Gertrude’s, until now, happy oonfiding life, was he not committing a moral murder that should be subject aa ah aetusl one to ihe utmost rigor of the law f Nor was he any the happier for his base innuendoes, to judge from his face t and lock as he sauntered slowly across the j fields. ' He had sown the Bead of dissecsion that! might bring Clement Dunraven’a ruin, yet he scarcely felt the Satanic triumph he ex pected. It was rather a nauseous feeling of dread lest he himself should be eanght in his own net, that pursued him and made him al most roeret that he had been beguiled into this talk with Lady Gertrude. Then he | roused himself with a strong ellort and tried to rid himself of the oppressive fears, for was he not playing fora large stake ? Sir Louis Dunraven’s will was a strange one. No one knew its power and value better than Pierce Vaughan, rioh us he was in a lawyer-like acumen. The contents of the will had been, by Clement’s desire, kept concealed from Lady Gertrude, or she would have known what Bhe had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboyne Court and its oonoomitant fortune if he had not married the only daughter of the Earl of Melbury. The marriage had taken plaoe and the disposal of the old baronet’s fortune had been arranged—Sir Miles Berkeley being executor —with the family lawyer; what need was there for Pierce Vaughan to meddle 1 He had merely left him £5,000 as a legacy, which Pierce regarded as a mere pittance, and made no fnrther mention of bis Like many another olever man, Sir Lonis had considerably overshot his mark in this' will. All his wisdom seemed to have gone forth in making honest Sir Miles Berkeley his exeoutor ; he did not seem to reoognise that, as oironmstanoes alter oases, the posi tions of the two cousins would change, and that bad blood, unlees they were absolutely sainta, must be the outcome of this testamen tary document. - ■ — There was yet another clause in the will, more perplexing and calculated to produce greater difficulties than that of the enforced marriage; it was to the effeot that, should Clement Dunraven at any time become divoroed from Lady Gertrude, by any fault of his own, the estates were to pass away from him to his son and heir if he had one, if not, to Pierce Vaughan as next of kin. Sir Louis Onnraven, with all his shrewd ness, had soarcelyltaken then the measure of his pet nephew, his sister's son, or he would soareely have left such an instrument in the hands of a man as soidid and cunning as was Pierce Vanghan. Base and degenerate as had been Clement Dunraven’s aot he was by nature not nearly so wicked a man as his cousin. Clement’s vices were tne result of weakness, he could not resist temptation, whereas the other had a splendid facility for conducting intrigue and, given a sufficient time for development, would probably not stop at crime. Up to the present moment, however, Clement had outwitted bis oloarer-headed cousin, for he was far from discovering the secret of what was really darkening the life of the present owner of Aboyne Court. About half a mile from the boose the two men passed each other, only a hedge between them, hat neither wished to speak. Pierce felt keenly alive to the mischief he had done his cousin during the last half hour, and Clement never oared to look Vaughan in the face. He was always afraid of how muoh he i knew and to a certain extent gave him credit for gnarding a silence, which he most assuredly would not have maintained for ten minutes. Whether he felt assure' about this silence when he reached home and found Lady Gertrude looking pale and somewhat red about her pretty eyes, is doubtful. But he could not learn the cause of her depression. She would not give her new suspicion words ; it was as yet too young to be altogether a tangible form ; she must wait and watch. Meantime she was tender and loving to her Clement. She would not be prejudiced against him simply on Pierce Vaughan’s testi mony, for, womanlike, though when absent she had almost believed him false, no sooner did she look into his face than her heart went forth to him and seemed to tell her that he was true. Still from that hour henceforth their re lotions mutbo wmwwtat •u*in«a, »aaiiow' ever mooh tenderness for ssch other might at times bubble up into their hearts, yet the ghost would never be laid. On the table in the library, near where Lady Gertrnde sat, some letters had been plaoed by the footman, when he removed the tea. They were all addressed to Sir Clement, and one of them was in the hand writing of Lisbeth Glendinning. At first Sir Clement gniltily thought that this letter might have occasioned bis wife’s trouble, that she had recognised Beta’s writing. He tore it open, angry with Liabeth far sending to him thue openly, but having read the missive, his brow oleared, and he tossed it to Lady Gertrnde 1 (TO BE CONTINUED.) 