MUSIC &THE; DRAMA. DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES, [By ToCIIcSTONE.] Mr Frank Thornton and his ' Charley's Aunt' company are due in Launceston next week. The versatile Mr D. Barry is contemplat ing another visit to Launceston. He is at present running a successful season of melo drama at the Alexandra Theatre, Mel bourne, the house being crowded nightly. Referring to his recent production of 'The Octorcon,' the leading Melbourne weekly paper says :-" Boucicault's drama of 'The Octoroon,' which is now being performed at the Alexandra Theatre, has not been played in Melbourne for a long time. Over 30 years have elapsed since its first pro duction here by Mr Joseph Jefferson, the most natural actor that ever visited Aus tralia; and many old playgoers still main tain that Salem Scudder was his best part, notwithstanding his own preference for Rip Van Winkle. Of the principal mem bers of the original cast, though so ex tended a period hs passed, only four have joined the great najority, viz.:-Mr Robt. Heir, who played G o. Peyton; Mr Fitz gerald, who appe:,red as Jacob M'Closky; Mr J. C. Lambert, who impersonated Mr Sunnyside; and Mrs Alfred Phillips, who represented Mrs 6unnyside. Mr Jefferson, the r:Malem Scudder; MIr R. Stewart, the Uncle Pete; Mr Clarence Holt, the Wah no- Tee; Mr G. it. Ireland, the Colonel Poindexter; Miss Rosa Dunn, the Zoee; and Miss Marion Dunn, the Grace, are still living, the two last mentione! now bearing their husband's names. The present pro duction is distinguished by very liberal stage accessories, and by the appropriate representation of negro melodies and pas times. The trial by lynch law, the burn ing of the steamer Magnolia, and the duel to the death between the relentless Indian and Jacob M'Cloeky, after the latter has been tracked through the cedar swamp, are among the sensational incidents which es pecially commend themselves to the favour of the audiences." Launceston playgoers will be glad to learn that Mr Bland Holt had a favourable reception on the occasion of his opening night at the Melbourne Princess's Theatre. Relative to his initial production the jour nal above quoted remarks :-" Mr Bland Holt began a dramatic season at the Prin cesa's on Saturday, when he had an en couraging reception from a crowded house. The piece presented was a four-act play by Henry Pettitt, entitled 'A Woman's Re venge.' Some pretty scenery has been painted by Mr George Gordon, and the stage appointments are satisfactory in every respect. The cast is also sufficiently good for that class of composition to which 'A Woman's Revenge' belongs. The play is a fair specimen of the modern melodrama. It contains none of the extravagances of the old school' which provoke unseemly laughter in the pathetic passages, but with a slight re-arrangement the personages and incidents are those which have done duty on a hundred different occasions. There is no attempt at development of character as the story proceeds. As the various individuals present themselves they are like so many puppets, who might as well be labelled, 'This is a villain of the deepest dye,' 'This is a good man,' ' This is an abandoned and malicious woman,' 'This is the virtuous woman who will suffer much but will triumph in the end,' and so on." At latest dates from New Zealand,Lyons's Operatic Burlesque Company were in Dune din, the Brisbane Gaiety Pantomime Com pany at Auckland, and the Howe-Spong Dramatic Company at Wellington. Prior to the departure of the last-mentioned com pany from Christchurch, Mrs Spong, who chaperones her daughter, Miss Hilda Spong, gave an "at home" on the stage of the Theatre Royal. There was a large atten dance of friends, and a number of songs and recitations were given by members of the company. News comes to Australia of the success of two old Australian favourites in America. In a letter from the States to Mr Stirling Whyte, of Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, from Mr Harry Jewett, who is a native of New Zealand, and was for a number of years a leading member of Mr Rignold's company, the writer anticipates the most hopeful prospects for his future career, and records past successes which almost make one's mouth water. He has, he says, re nounced all his old time carelessness, and thrown himself heart and soul into his profession, in which he is already a recog nised " star." Mr Jewett also gives a most glowing account of the success achieved by Mr A. 3.~ Lawrence in Ibsen's "Ghosts," and announces that this sound actor and all round good fellow has been given a tao years' engagement by Frohman of New York. Sims Reeves, at 72, gets 30s an hour for teaching singing. The Daily News tells us that on the last night but one of the recent Melba opera season at New York, on the artists coming forward the audience loudly demanded "Home, Sweet Home." Accordingly a piano was wheeled on the stage, and the curtain was again raised, Madame Melba singing Bishop's popular melody, and M. Jean de Reezke accompanying the prima donna on the pianoforte. This is probably the great tenor's first public appearance as a pianist. Mr Santley, the emiuent baritone, is not only a fine singer, but he has also a con siderable claim on artistic appreciation as a composer. A mass, an Ave Maria, and several songs published in his own and assumed names have been from time to time given to the world, and quite recently -February 20, 1894-at the St. James's Hall, London, he produced, for the first time in public, a purely orchestral work, "A Cradle Song," which he conducted him self. The London Daily News, in speaking of this performance,says: -"This melodious though unpretentious little Berceuse is chiefly based upon a melody first given out by the muted violins, and afterwards re peated by the flute and violas. An episode divides the opening from the repeat of the first section, and there is lastly a brief coda. The workmanship is simplicity itself, and of almost feminine grace and refinement, but the piece is undeniably effective, and Mr Santley, who wielded the baton with the confidence of a veteran, received a hearty recall." 