SNOWBALL. r P$Y THE AUTHOR OP 'PAULINA. LlSLE.'] PART IV. . There is silence for a little when he has done. The gray evening shadows are creeping up, and the ruby fires of the sunBet are paling fast. She sits and looks at the dying light, some of the rising gray shadows seeming to darken her face. Is ahe sorry — is she glad ? She hardly knows ; she feels apathetic j poor or rich — what does it matter ? George Valentine's daughter, or the child of the unknown man whose name was Randall — what ?does it signify novi P She is still — come else what may — Vane Valentine's wife. No change can change that. Other things are nothing, less than nothing. For her the world haB come to an end ; such things as Kene tells her of are outside the one vital interest in her life. IE she could but be free again ? But she is in bonds and fetters for all time. Let rank and wealth, then, come and go as they list. ' Well,' Eene breake in upon her dreary reverie, after a long pause. 'You are silent. You look strangely — like a ghost, almost, in this half light. 'What is it, dear ?' 'I can hardly tell you,' she answers, dreamily. i 'it is all so 6trange. I am trying to realise it. Monsieur Paul F&rrar; — George Valentine ! 'Well, ib 'is easy to believe anything of Monsieur Paul ; he was always like an exiled prince. And his mother ' knew and forgave him at the last, and he made her ? dying hours happy. Ah ! that is a good hearing. 'But the fortune — the title — does he think — his . cousin will give them up ?' 'TJn Dnlnroa ? Vifi dofia not;.' ?' Nor do I,' she says, simply, and her large eyes ?look at him earnestly; 'I am sure he will not. , Will the law compel him, Rene?' ' I think so. I feel sure it would eventually, if ; George Valentine should choose to reBOrt to law. ?Bat he will not.' . 'No? Then why ? ' \- 'He has no hope, Snowball, of getting his own ? back again; and he does not much care, I think. ?If you were happy at mistress here — as that man's -wife ? ' She makes a sudden motion, and he stops. She feels she cannot trust herself on this ground ; it is . 'best not to tread on it at all. ? . ? ' Leave me out of the question,' she says ; ' it is ? a point of honor — of simple right and honesty. ? not of feeling. If George Valentine lives, we — 1 ? have no right here. % Perhaps I wrong my husband — -nh* knows ? At least we will not prejudge him. ?He-shall know all, and thus ? ' They sit silent ; they know so well what Vane .-Valentine's decision will be. ' Is Monsieur Paul in England ?' she asks. ' He is not; he remains in Borne. He is strangely sensitive and abhorrent of all notoriety. Half a \- score of fortunes would not make up to him for the a question of birthright, easily enough proven, I should fancy, becomes a question of honour. If, in the face of the evidence he is prepared to show, Vane Valentine persists in keeping what he has got through you, then keep it he muBt. George Valentine will never tell the story of his reckless, erratic life to the world through the medium of an endless chancery suit.' ; 'It is like him,', she says. There is another Mpause. 'Where are you stopping, Rene?' ehe ' '-1 inquires, suddenly. '',:.,. . 'At the inn in the village. I am going up to London, however — — ' 'No,' she intenupts $ ' do not for a day or two. My husband is in Cornwall; I\ will write to him to-night, and tell him what yon have told me. Wait here until I receive his answer. Who knows ? We may wrong him. When the trubh is fully known to him- — ' 'Who is that lady?' asks Eene, abruptly * 'There between the trees — in the pink dress. She has been watching us for the last five minutes.' ' In a pink dress ? Mis3 Eouth, then, of course.' her delicate lips curling ; 'it is her habit to watch me always. Yes, it is Camilla Eoutb, and she sees that we see her.' The pink dress emerges, its wearer advances Who 13 this olive- skinned, dark-moustached, ex' tremely handsome young man, with whom her -cousin's wife talks so long, so earnestly, so secretly, under trees in hiden places in the park ? It is her duty to see into this, and cariosity is nearly as pow erful as sense of duty with Miss Eouth. So she comes forward, gathering field flowers and ferns as she comes, humming a little tune — fair, sweet, art less, unconscious, a picture of blonde, patrician British beauty. But she is not destined to be grati ?fied — it is perhaps the rudest repulse Miss Eouth has ever received in her life. As she draws near j Lady Valentine deliberately rises, eying her full passes her hand through the arm of her picturesque looking cavalier, and turns her back upon her enemy. Eene is rather aghast, but there is nothing for him but to follow Dolores' lead. It is the most cutting of outs direct. Miss Eouth stops — stunned. -' * no noc come up co me nouBe, Jtbene, i»o:ores ' . says, her pale lips flushing painfully. ' I cannot ask .you. And do not come here again, either. I fear .that woman. When I hear from — hin» — I will, let ? you know. I believe what you tell me — say so to Panl— whatever the result may be. Until then— ? adieu and cm rcvoir.' Miss Eouth, watching afar off in speechless furi. ous anger, seea her hold out her two hands, sees him take them, and hold them in a clasp that is close and long. Oh ! that Vane, that Dorothy, that ?Colonel Deering were but here now :! She cannot hear a word they say — more is the pity — making a .second assignation, no doubt. Before she sleeps iVane shall be written to of this, shall hear it with all the additions and embellishments that malice and hatred can add. A dull glow of horrid triumph ^filla her in the midst of her rage. Let her look to it after this ! It is the young French-Canadian sculp tor, no doubt, of whom Vane is already jealouB. She has lost no time in sending for her old lover^ now that her husband is out of the way ! It is a coarse thought, but the fair Camilla's thoughts are .mostly coarse. Let her look to it 1 the insult has ?been deadly— the reprisal shall be the same. They part. Eene returns to the village— the two ladies, by different paths, to the house. Mies Eouth does not appear at dinner; she is busy over a letter, ?every word of wbicn is rreignoeu witu a vbuuujuub sting. She likes her dinner, and has it brought up to her, but Bhe likes her revenge better. My lady writets a letter, too, .before she sleeps, also a Jong ones ifc takes her until past midnight, and is a care fully and minutely-worded repetition of the story Eene has told her under the trees. There is more than the utory— an earneat protestation of her belief in its. truth, and her perfect willingness to resign the fortune, in which she has never had a shadow of right. ''I do not fear poverty,' she writes, ' trust me, Vane! I was never borne to be a lady of rank and 'iiohegT-botJi have beea* bofden tome, a burden I will lay down, oh ! so gladly. This 'burden of an honour unto which I was not born' has weighed upon me like an evil incubua from the first. Oh' my husband, let us give back to George Valentine his birthright. He will act generously — more than generously, I know, for I know Mm— and for me, I will go with you, and be in the day of disaster more faithful, more fond, more truly your wife, than I can ever be weighted down with wealth to which neither of ub has a claim.' But while she writes— her whole heart is in her pleading words — she knows she writes in vain. More of her woman's heart is in this letter than she has ever before shown to the man she has married. Apart from the misery of dwelling under the same roof aE Camilla Eouth— with the right done nobly for the right's sake— far away from this place in which she has been so wretched, poor, and obscure, if it must be, she feels that a sort of happiness is possible to her yet. If her husband is capable of an action at once honest and noble, then her heart will go ont to him -freely, fully. The very thought of his doing it BeemB to bring him nearerto her already. If he will but do the right— if he will but let her, she may care for him yet. Next morning, by the earliest mail, two very lengthy, very disturbing epistles, in feminine chirography, go down to Sir Vane Valentine, Bart., among the Mines of Flintbarrow. CHAPTEE XXXV. 'IT WAS THE HOTJB WHEN WOODS ARE COIiD.' There come times in mo3t lives when, after long depression and wearing worries, a sort of revulsion, a sort of exhaltation of feeling sets in. Such a time now comes to Dolores. There is a revulsion in favor of her absent husband. Perhaps the fact that he is absent haB something to do with it. Looking in his gloomy face, it would seem a difficult thing for any woman, wife or otherwise, to get up much sen timentfor Vane Valentine. Herideas,afterall,ofthe sacrifice demanded are vague. If Manor Valentine and the fortune are resigned to their lawful owner, she knows very little what will remain to them. She doubts greatly if the sacrifice will be made ; it will never be, at least, until proof ' clear as holy writ' is placed before him — that is to be ex pected. He will be enraged and unbelieving, be yond doubt. Still, once convinced — and she is sure such conviction must be possible, since Monsieur Paul is the claimant — he cannot be so glaringly dishonest and dishonorable a3 to retain what will no longer be his. Dolores reasoning on these points, is primitive and of another world than this ; the distinction between mine and thine stands ont with almost startling vividness in her unworldly mind. To retain, knowingly, the goods of another is to resign hope of salvation here and hereafter ; that is her creed, sharp and clear. It is quite in her to regard with horror and aversion such a one. For a husband capable of such a crime she feels that even the outward semblance of regard and duty must come to an end — tbac for him, for all time, nothing but contempt could live in her heart. And to drag out life by the side of a man one despises — well, life holds for any woman few harder things. But if he does the right — oh ! then how gladly will she go with him, to poverty if need be ; how she will honor him, how hardly she will try to win him back. She does not fear poverty — was she not poor on Isle Perdrix, and were not those the best, the very best days of her short life? She would like a cottage, she thinks, where she might reign alone, far from stern Miss Dorothy, sneering Misa Eouth ; and, with her husband alone, who knows ? she might learn to love him; he even might learn a little to care for her. She would so strive, so try, so pray ! Anything — anything would be better than this death in life here, this most miserable estrangement — this loveleBS house — these cold, hard faces. Any change, be it what it may, must be for the better. She will try, at least — the opportunity being given — she will do her utmost to soften and win the man who is her husband. With hopes like these in her girl's mind, Dolores waits through the long day that follows. She does not go ont; she has a feeling that she would rather not meet Eene again until she has seen her husband. She must be loyal of heart, even to the shadow of a shadow, and to Bit by Eene's aide, look up in Eene's eyes, listen to Eene's voice, and remain thoroughly true to Vane Valentine, is no such easy task. If she goes abroad she may meet him, so ahe remains at home. The evening post brings her a letter from London, from Jemima Ann. She has half forgotten this faithful friend, in thinking of other things; she feels self-reproached for it, as she reads. Jemima is stopping, for the present, in an humble London lodging; and proposes remaining there until her ' dear, sweet Miss Snowball' writes good-by.- Then 6he will go back to New York and resume life in her native land. It is not quite so easy to think wifely thoughts of Sir Vane and make generous resolutions, after reading this, and remembering how treacherously and stealthily this humble friend was forced away. Another night ; another day. This day certainly will bring the absent srignieur. A strange nervous ness, begotten of waiting and expectation, hope and dread, fills her. She can rest nowhere, she wanders aimlessly about the house, starting at every every footstep, at every opening door. Miss Kouth watche3 her with malicious, smiling eyes. She has Been Eene, at least ; has walked down to the village on purpose, and chatted for five minutes condescendingly with the hostess. No, they have not many Btrangers at the Arms thie spring, the landlady Bays, dropping a courtesy ! Only one just new ; a Mr. Macdonald, a foreigner, by his looks, and 'vayB, and talk, in spite of his Scotch name. No, she does not know when he is going away ; he does not say ; he is a real gentle man in all his ways, and gives very little trouble. Mr. Macdonald appears at the moment, walking briskly up the road, with his sketch- book and cigar and keen dark eyes, and MisB Eouth hastily pulls down her veil and departs. The day wears on. Sir Vane comes not. It brings no answer to her letter, either, and Dolores' fitful exaltation of feeling vanishes as it came. A dull depression, a fear of the future, fills her. How blank and drear that long life-path stretches before her, here in this silent, dark, mouldering old home, with the faces of these two women who dislike her before her every day, and all day long 1 Insulted, distrusted, unloved, how shall she bear it to the bitter end ? And she is but nineteen, and life looks so long, so long ! Perhaps it is the unusual confinement to tue house that is telling upon her ; it is now two days since she has been out. A half-stifled feeling oppresses her ; she must get out of these deathly silent, gruesome rooms, or suffocate. It is after dinner; the last ray of twilight is fading out; there is a broad May moon rising, and a Btar studded sky. She IeaveBthe house and wanders aimlessly for a while between the prim beds and borders of one of the stiff Dutch gardens. Now and then she stoops to gather fche old-fashioned, sweet- smelling flowers, bnfc almosfc'; without knowing what she does. A nightingale is singing in a thorn-bush near, a song so piercingly sweet, so mournful in its sweetneaB, that she stops, and the tears rise to her eyes as she listens. And in that stop and pause to listen something more than the nightingale's song reaches her ear — the seft cooing tones of Camilla Eouth pronouncing her name. ' Dolores' lover ? Was he really a lover of your wife's, Vane, before you married her ?' she is ask ing. ' Anything more lover-like than they looked when I surprised them, it would be difficult to to find. And he is very handsome— there can be no mistake about that— with the moBt beautiful Spanish eyes I think I ever saw.' There is a grumbling reply ; it sounds like ' Devil take his eyes !' and it is in the voice of the Lord of Valentine. Dolores stands quite still, thrilled and shocked, feeling all cold and rigid, and powerless to move. A tall, thick hedge separates them ; she wears a dark, dun-colored dress, and in this shadowy light, among the other shadows of tiees and moonlight, she can hardly be seen. They are walking slowly up and down a secluded avenue known as the Willow Walk. In the deep evening hush even Miss Eouth's subdued tones are distinctly and painfully audible. 'He is still in the village,' again it is Miss Eouth who speaks ; 'how often they meet, where they meet, I do not know. That they do meet is certain, of course. Yes, Colonel Deering has called twice, but she has declined to see him ; one lover, I suppose at a time, is as much as she \ can attend to. 1 ' Old loves, new loves, what are they worth ? Old love dies at the new love's birth.' ' hums the fair Camilla, and laughs softly. 'Signor Eene is far and away the handsomer man of the two.' ' Are you too, deserting Deering and going over to this sallow, black-eyed boy, Camilla?' retorts, with a sneer, Sir Vane. (To be continued.) 