CHAPTER IV*—Ar the -Fair. it was a Saturday evenuu? early m the last of the autumn months, and, for the time of year, the weather was exceptionally fiue and warm. The sun had gone down an hour or "two ago : a full moon of deep yellow hung 4ow in the heavens, and overhead the pale stars faintly twinkled in the gigantic archway -of the skies. AU the main thoroughfares leading from the surrounding villages to the town of Hollingford were crowded with people who were making their way—some in carts and waggonettes, others on foot—towards the wide patch of waste land on which Holling ford Pleasure Fair was held twice a year. Among those who journeyed on foot were Shadrash Deane and his sweetheart, Nannie Wilson, and with thorn were several pairs of lads and lasses from Amherswocd village and like themselves all were bont on a night of rollicking enjoyment. All the niembera of the party wore in tho highest of spirits, and as they strolled along two by two, oach lad with 'his lasB on his arm, they chatted in the gayest tones, laughed perpetually, undmademerrvafterthe thought less, light-hearted fashion of young folks who have money in thoir pockets and plenty of fun before them. Presently Shadruch and Nannie and their friends entered the ancient-looking and tri angular-shaped Market Place of Hollingford. Here the vehicles were landing the country people, and the scene presented was one of tho liveliest kind, for tho wide space was ab solutely paoked with all sorts and conditions of townspeople and villagers; all manners and kinds of stalls and hucksters’ stands— while the air rang with every variety, of noise. Butcbere were vending their meat in stentorian voices; the Bellors of cheap prints and odds and ends of drapery were extolling their wares to the unsophisticated country women; dealors in cocoanuts, frnit and confectionery were bolanding their goods in no uncertain tones ; while men and women, lads and lasses, aud young children of both sexes pressed hither, thither, this way, aud that towards their different destinies. Without much difficulty our party of young friends made their way through this small Babel, and in a minute or two were going along Mesneslane, the narrow street, void of side walk, which gave access to the fair ground from that side of the town ; and soon they were amidst a great Babel which dwarfed the one they had left into insigniti - To those who are familiar with the Lanca ihire faira held in popu'ous centres the scene which presented itself to Shadrach and his friends will readily suggest itself ; and to those who are not acquainted with such carnivals of the masses, a few words of des cription may not prove amiss. The Fair Ground was an irregularly shaped piece of waste land a couple of hundreds of yards long and only a trill e less in breadth ; it was unpaved and unsowered, and during wet weather it was little better than a stretch of mud, while in the dry season it was only a desert of dust. At the time Shadrach and the others paid the place a visit the ground was hard and dry, the dust having been laid by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature of the fair was its clamor. On every hand arose a confused clamor, pro duced by the laughter and chatter and ex clamations of the people, the noue of braying bands of mnsic playing in front of the booths, the exhortations of the showmen to “Walk up! walk up!” and view the wonders to be seen alone within their walls of wood and canvas, the clatter of huge “rick- racks” swung in strong hands, the screaming of blatant trumpets and bibuIouB trumpeters; the sharp reports of the guns at the “ shoot ing galleries;” the rattle of the “little horses;” the whirr of the “flying boats” and other sounds, noises, discords too numerous to tabulate. Aud then the shows. First and largest was tho travelling circus with its clown, acrobats, barc-baok riders and danoing girls —the latter bedizened, rouged, powdered, and capering about the platform in front of the show to the huge delight of the gaping crowd below. Then came the “Galleries of Art”—big peep-shows with varionB pictures; next the ghost shows and conjuring shows, so sugges tive of inexplicable mysteries to the simple Next were the shows containing the Mammoth Stallion and the Miniature Pony ; the Patagonian Giant, the Russian Dwarf, -and the Circassian Beauty, all for one penny; the boxing show where a huge black, and half-a-dozen villainous- faced pugilists, in vited the best man in the crowd to a game of fisticuffs; the pea saloons, where the lads and lasses were regaling themselves with plate fuls of boiled black peas; the toffy and oake stalls, where lads were trying to win tooth some morsels by speonlatiog their pence and half-pence on the “turning-boards,” as the round disc and the spinning pointers were called; while over all was the howling, screaming, hooting, hissing, discordant nprusr of Hollingford Fair. With Nannie on his arm Shadrach forced his way alongside the front of the booths, and the rest of the party followed as best they conld at their heels. Fach of the young men had a “pocket fall of money,” and aB each was out with his favored one, there was no thought of sparing their well-won cash. They went the whole round of the shows, seeing all there was to be seen and enjoying themeeiveB to the utmost in their own Bitnple fashion. Then, when the booths were ex hausted, they repaired to the swings, to the “ tickling boxes," and the shooting ranges, where numberless pennies were expended in the vain endeavor to find the bull’s -eye and ring the bell. it was while the young miners were hand ling the guns ana their sweethearts were standing behind watching them, that one of Nannie’s companions touched her quietly on the shoulder, remarking in a low tone:— “Look over there, Nannie.” “Where? What is it, Peggy ?” the girl asked as she turned round. “There, beside the horses. Don’t yon see ; him 1 It's David Southworth.” “ Oh; I see him now,” the lass responded. “ Therehe is dodging away among the crowd. Let him go. I'don’t care for him, and I ■ never did,” Nannie said, warmly. “But you should have seen the nasty look on his face, Nannie, when he saw us all here together, and Shadrach there with us. He jast looked as if he. wanted to throttle some, body—very likely Shadrach there.” .. “ But why should he, Peggy!" , Because you . have ohucked turn over, I “ Chucked him over ! How could I chuok him over when I never kept his company?" “ David used to say yon did." “ Then he told a lie.” “Well, everybody knows that ho likes you,1* the lass named Peggy responded, “An’ now that he has seen you with Shadrach he's certain to work you both all the ill-will he can.” “ Let him!” Nannie cried, stoutly, feeling quite safe in her love and her lover’s keeping. ; “ I can take care of myself, and I dare say Shadrach can do as much for himself.” As the girl voiced those words she swept the crowd around with her eyes, and saw David Southworth again. He was standing behind a group of red-cheekei and plump bodied country women, and, owing to his great height, was looking over their heads straight at Shadrach Deane, who was just balancing the gun at his shoulder prepara tory to firing. She watched David keenly. There was a deep scowl on his great dark face, and a vicious gleam in his eyes. She felt instinc tively that Southworth’s soul was moved to its worst depths, and that he wonld not scruple while his evil passion was moving within him to wreak his animosity upon her lover. Just as that thought flashed through Nannie's mind Bhe saw David turn, his eye caught her's for a moment; she snubbed him with a look, and he strode away and was lost in the throng. The girl turned to her friends and paid no more heed to the incident. She had never given David Southworth any encouragement in his wooing, and so, she considered, she was not to blame for any disappointment he might feel at that moment. Half an hour later, when both the young men and their sweethearts had drunk their fill of noise and fun and frolic, they all sot their faces towards home, taking a short cut, which led them through shady green lanes, quiet woodland and sweet smelling meadows. The great yellow harvest moon was now sailing high in the dark vault above, and the poaoeful country seemed doubly delightful after the bustle and clangour of the over crowded fair. Besides, the young folks were young and in love, and therefore had no quarrel with the world. They thought, and perhaps wisely, that life had few better things to offer than a fair, nuts and ginger bread and the company of their lovers. The clock in the tower of the village church at Amberswood was striking eleven when Shadrach Deane an(J Nannie Wilson said good night to each other at the comer of the Fox and Goose. They had parted and each went home ward in the happiest frame of mind. The girl lived only a Btone’s throw away, while her lover had to walk right along Tunstall Lane for the distance of half a There wero.no lamps in the lane, and the moonlight rendered lights unnecessary, hue under the trees the shadows were thick, and one side of the road where the hedgerow was high was plunged in gloom. Swinging carelessly along, oblivious of every thing bnthis own pleasant thoughts, ShadraoU was not a little startled when a man’s figure glided—almost sprang from the shadows, and a deep voice exclaimed: “Is that you. Shadrach Deane? Waits minute, for 1 want to speak to you.” “Hello, David, is that you?’’ Dean responded, amiably enough, as he recovered from the momentary shock, and recognised the man he had snatched from death. “ l'cs, it’s me, Shadrach,” the other made answer, somewhat sullenly, as Shadrach came to a standstill. , “I’m glad to see that you are all right again, David. I Bupyose you’ve started work at last, I heard so.” “ That’s not what I want to talk about. Southworth snapped out, in an aggressive “ What is it, then!” Shadrach aBked, as he realised in a flash the purpart of his fellow miner's presence there. “ It’s right about to-night—about you and Nannie Wilson ! What claim had you to take her to the Fair 1 What right have yon to come between her and me l That’s what I want to know, Shadrach DeaneSouthworth ejaculated. “ You’ve no right to ask me such questions, Southworth—at least, I think not." “ Haven’t I! Nannie was my girl before you came here, and now—” “ She is mine 1” Shadrach added, firmly. David Southworth laughed loudly and harshly. “Is she? Don’t be oock-snre about that. You've me to reokon with before that job is settled.” “ But if Nannie doesn’t care for you ?” “She used to oare for me—would have cared for me Btill but for your interference. I am very sorry now, I can tell yon, Shadrach Deane, that I should have to think that I owe my life to you, Southworth said, bitterly. “ I’m sorry also that anything should have come between us.” “ If that is so you can easily mend matters.” “ How ?” “ By keeping away from the lasB alto gether—as you ought to have done all along. Didn’t my brother tell you that Nannie and me were keeping oompany ?” “ He did tell me, and I believed what he said at the time. But now-” “ What now r” “ I know he told me a lie !” “ How do you make that out ?" “ I will tell yon. Before I ever spoke to Nannie of my own feelings in regard to her, I asked her if it was true that she was en gaged to yourself.” “ And what did she say ?” “ She denied it most emphatically, and said that she had never given you the slightest reason to think she cared for you. After that I had a right to speak for inyBelf; I spoke and now the girl i3 engaged to “ You mean to marry her, then ?” “ I do—as soon a91 can make her a com fortable home!” Shadraoh replied. “ And I swear that you never shall marry her while I live !” David Southworth hissed in husky tones. “ Before I’d see her the wife of another man I’d shoot her—and the man too! I mean it, Shadrach Deane, by heaven I do, so you can’t say I've not warned you!” With that threat on his lips the incensed pitman strode off, and Shadrach parsued his homeward journey. 