Of) THE CORNER. ! E. J. Lonnen ia 52. B. and 13. have bought lladdon Chambers* new play, Essie Jenynsand family anived at Albany by the Himalaya, l^rom 'Have-land' to ' Fairland '—the School of Arts committee. Fitzgerald IJroB.' Circns and Menagerie ia on the road to Broken Hill. Grattan Biggs is ronnd Ucndipo way with that bright new drama '? The Irish Detec tive.' Sydney 'D.T.' says it is reported that Maggie Moore made £800 during her last Sydney season. 'Charley's Aunt,' done in German, is referred to bv the liprlin ' Eerfcnnft s- as a ' ' circus burlesque.' A comic opera company is being formed to do the larger country towns. Walehe, tenor ; Ada Colley, soprano. Rockhampton (Q.) paper headlines : — '? A Terrible Crime. At the Theatre Iloyal. The Baroe Old Dampier.' The Adelaide Cyclorama ol the Battle of Waterloo has been propped up by an illusion entitled '? Napoleon's Ghost.' Bland Ilolt and wife were presented with an album containing portraits of the com pany during the Hobait season. Ida Osborne, of Williamson and Musgrove*6 Comic Opera Company, has been concert singing in Adelaide with much success. Lilla Wilue 'reciting r.t A] el bourne Satur day night concerts was recalled twice last week for ' Curfew shall not ring to-night.' ' You have a large audience,' ' Yes,!- re plied the well-known manager, ' I don't know when we have been more freely patronised.' An incipient fire was crushed at Melbourne Princess by a ballet girl sittinc down on it. Since then it is noticed that she stands up a great deal. Alfred Woods, playing in 'Hands Across the Sea ' at Brisbane Opera Jinuse, was arrested last week in Brisbane, under a writ for debt alleged to have been contracted in 1891. ' Biehard Pride' is beiner played in the Victorian provinces as ' i'obbery Under Arms.' This will be pleasant news to Alfred lJampier. but not eo pleasant as it will be to HolC Bolderwooi. That female baritone. Antoinette Sterling, sent her business manager, 1\ A. Howells, a gold watch as a Christmas box. Probably, in order that he may know the time to ^et home at a social purity hour. Lariaour, of Coogee. wears a genuine Panama hat. which be bought at l'ara, on the river Amazon, and for which he paid 4 .\00it reis. Sounds Iil-:e a n.it-ional debt until it is explained that luui) reis equal Is ,id- . .. Filiis' lion-iamer, Cox, was bitten by » Seindia, the tiger he used to perform with in the ring, at Christchurch, New £taiand. Cox, it will be remembereJ, u«ed to put his head in the tiper's mouth, it was whilst doing this that he was bitten. A Melbourne paper says ? J'eaat;- i Tbe Beast ' at Sydney Lyceum is not regarded as being as good as !a^t year's production.' Is that so Truth predicts that when it is all over ?? iicauty ' will have drawn more money than 'Red Kidingbood' did. The New Zealand Primitive Methodist Jubilee Conference was opened hstweek&t; Tar.inaln in the church, where the Rev. K. Ward, father of F. W, Ward (^formerly editor of Sydney 14 D.T.'). held tbe firtt Primitive Methodist services in New Zealand 50 years ago. Charlie Taylor, of the Taylor-Carrinfion Company, writes from Chatters Toweis:— ' Pl&yed; ' Bight Man ' and ? HuJe ' last Vt,. k at tfhi-.iu. House io very f.'oed , business. Doin? well here. Dampier t-:--.ycd | Uockhampton Christmas week, and follows us here.' : One of the first notices o? ?? Carman Up To I Data' was headed ?? Saved by a Song,' an .1 Lonnen. in an interview. a^mit6 that ouch was undoubtedly the cape. ?? The Bogcv Man' wastheeaviour. 'Humpty Tumpty'' has also staved un failure for ' Little Chris topher Columbus,' A little £irl in the Lyceum dress circle the other nipht audibly toid her father that she ! considered Lauri a nasty horrid thing, he- ' cause be hadn't any trousers on. She had a somewhat similar objection to raise against the shapely females in tights, only the reader invest fill in the word which applies. Captain William Jackson Parry, a well known old Maorilanu identity, is the movinp spirit in the attempt to unseat Sir uobert Stout for Wellington. Eiout is a cold-blooded purist and a cold-water faddist, and if he is technically unseated for ' bribery and cor ruption,' the whisky and water party will rejoice exceedingly. Tbe Belle Cole Concert Company, com prising Madame Belle Colo (contralto), Madame Kmily Spada (soprano), Philip New bury (tenor), Charles Magraith (basso'), and Mi?6 Henrietta Alurckens (violinist), are ex pected to leave London for Australia ou March 0, and open in Adelaide on April 20, for a season of sis popular concerts. They are rigging up a contribution bos at Melbourne stage- door for the benefit of the theatre catB. Melbourne 'Punch' says: — 'Harry Sproule has already made up his mind to drop in tbe first shilling. If aN those now at the Boyal follow suit Mies Gena'spet pussies will rapidly become i: 1 lionaires.' ' Miss Gena's pet pussies.' ! * ? People will begin to wonder which u Genaand which the pet pussies. C 3 Coppin family. After a lirst-iate season up-country Albc: * Norman and his company left yesterday afternoon by the Innamincka for Adelaide. Just before he sailed Albert was talking to p. friend in George-street, when a horse de liberately walked across from the other side and endeavoured to bite him. It was ex plained afterwards that the animal, which belonged to a cabby, used to stand outside Her Majesty's* Having become acquainted with the fact that Albert wasalway6 the bad man of tbe picce, it probably took this op Sortunity of resenting his continued wrcn'g oing and lowering of tbe moral tonemhioh should prevail. . ? Mr. Barry Rickards took the whole of hie Tivoli company out to Bandwick Asylum on Thursday afternoon, and 'gave tbe children there a rare treat by going through a whole programme. After it was all over the Hon. John Davies tondered to Mr. and Mrs. Rickards tbe thanks of the little inmates and the officials o£ tbe institution for the ex cellent entertainment they had been the meanfl of giving them. Mr. T.J.Houghton, M.L.A., also received an expression of thanks , as the one who had first suggested the idea , to Mr. Rickards. Mr. Coulter, tho super intendent made a neat epecch of thanks, to which Mr. Hickards responded. Hearty cheers were given for Mr. and Mrs. Rickards and the Tivoli company, also to Mr. J. CoHlU, who lent a drag and four, and to the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Company, who lent a four-horee omnibus to convoy tbe Tivoli company there and back. Mr, Harrie Skinner, of the Strand Arcade, promised to take one of hia phonographs out at an early date, 