THE STRANGE TRAGEDY OF THE WHITE STAR. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. (Continuied.) First I sent for some of the best and most trustworthy seamen amongst the .crew, and bringing them into the cap tain's cabin showed them the body. I then, in my capacity as commander of :thevessel, authorised themtoactas a sort: of detectives or policemen, and to search every part of the ship and all the berths in the steerage and 'tween decks for any clue to the doer of the deed. It was arranged that the cabins of the first-; class passengers should.-be thoroughly over-hauled by the second and third mates. - All this brought us to the hour when. the passengers arose and the ship, was' presently alive. The news swept from' lip to lip'magidallj';' in all 'parts of the: ship I saw men and women talking,' with their faces pale with consternation and horror. '"I had not the courage to break the news to-Miss Le Grand and asked the :doctor,;a quiet?gentlemanly? man, to speak to her. I was on the. poop looking after the ship when the; doctor came from the young lady's berth. "How did she receive the news I" said I. " I wish it may not break her heart," said he, gravely. "She was turned into stone. He stare of grief was dread ful-riot' the greatest actress could imagine such a look. There'll be no comforting her this side of England." "Doctor, could he have done it him self I" "Oh, heaven, no, sir !" and he ex plained, by recalling the posture of the body and the situation of the hands, not to mention the absence of the weapon, why it was impossible the cap tain should have killed, himself. I don't know how it came about; but whilst I paced the deck'waiting for reports of the mates and the seamen and the passengers who were helping me in the search, it entered my head to mix up with this murder the spectre, or ghost,, that had frightened the Dane at the wheel into a fit, along with the memory of a sort of quarrel ,which I guessedjhad happened between Captain Griffiths and Miss Le Grand. It was a mere muddle of 'fancies at best,'and yet they took a hold of my imagination. I think it was about a week before this murder that I had observed the cool' ness of what you might call a lovers quarrel betwixt the captain and his young lady, and, without' taking any' further notice of it, I quietly set the cause down'to Mrs. Barney, who, as a thorough-paced flirt, with fine languish ing black eyes and a'saucy tongue, had often done her best to engage the 'skip per in one of those little asides which are as brimstone and the undying worm to 'the jealous of either sex. The lovers had made it up soon after, and for two or three days previously had been as thick and lover- like as sweethearts ought to be. But what had the ghost that had af frightied the Dane to do with' this mur der ? And how were Mrs. Burney's blandishments and the Short-lived quar rel betwixt the lovers to be associated with it? "Nevertheless these. matters rari in my head as I walked the deck on the morning of that crime,and Ithought and thought, scarce knowing, however, in what direction imagination was head The two mates, the seamen, and the passengers arrived:with their reports: They had nothing to tell'. IThe steward and stewardess had searchdd with the two mates in tlhe slobn' or ecuddy. Every cabin had been ransacked withl the willing consent of. its occupants. The forecastle .and 'tweendecks,'.and steerage had been minutely overhauled. Every accessable part of the bowels of the shiphad been visited to no purpose. No stowaway of any sort,. no rag of -evidence or weapon tb 'supply a clue was discovered." :. , 'Thatafternoofin we: buried the lidody and I took command of the shipl., : Ssaw nothing bf Mis Li~ .Grand for twro days. She kept her cabinand was Sseen only by the stewardess, who waited uipon her. At the expirationr ,of that tine I receivred a 'message, and went'at onceto heri bdrthi.: I never could have figured soastriking a 'change in a fine: woman' fuill of beauty in so short a time as I now beheld.' The fire had died out of her, eyes, and still ;therelurked some thing weird .in the very spiritlessness and dull and vacint sa'dness of her gaze. H[er cheeks were hollow. Under each' eye rested a shadow as though it wds .cast by a green leaf. Herfirst words were, "Cannot you find out who did it , "No, Madam. We have tried hard; -:,~.harder for the captain's sake than had he been-another, for the responsibility that rests upon the master of an ocean going vessel makes him an object of mighty significance, believe me, to us sailors." \- . ?,~t Bi th lPrwn wht:killed him must be ini the. ship," she cried, in a voice that wanted much of its old clear music. " One should suppose so; and he is undoubtedly. on board the ship; but we can't find him." . ',, "' Did he commit suicide ? " No." : TWhat motive," she exclaimed, with a sudden burst of desperate: passionate grief: that wrung her like' a fit: from head to foot, "could any one have for killing Captain Grifliths ' HIe was the ge'ntlest, the kindest-oh, my heart, my heart I' and, hiding her face, she rocked herself' in her misery. I, tried myrough, seafaring best to soothe :her. Certainly,: until this moment I never cobuld have supposed her love for the poor' man was so great. .lThe fear bred:, of this .mysterious: 'assassination lay in' dark' and heavy shadow upon the 'ship. None of us, passengers or sailors, turned in of a night but' with 'a fear of the secret bloody hand that had slain the captain making its presence; tragically, known once more before the morning. It happened one midnight; when we were something north of the equator,i in the calms and. stinging. heat of the inter-tropic latitudes, that having comel on deck to relieve the second mate and' take charger of the' ship till 4 o'clock, I felt. thirsty, and returned "to the cuddy for a .drink of water. Of the three lamps only one was alight, and burnt very, dimly.' iThlee 'was no moonlight, .but plenty of starshine, which showered in a very rippling of spangled silver through the yarning casements of the skylights. Just as I returned the tumbler to the rack whence I had removed it the door of Miss Le Grand's cabin was opened and the girl stepped forth., She was arrayed in white; probably she was attired in her bedclothes. She seemed to 'see me at once, for she emerged directly opposite, 'and I thiought she would speak or hastily retire. But after appearing to stare for a little while she came to the table, and leaned upon 'it with her left hand, sighed several times in a most heart-broken manner; and now I saw by tehelp of the dim lamp-light that her right hand grasped a knife-the gleam'of the'blade caught my eye in a breath ! "Good gracious!" :I cried to my-' self, instantly, " the. woman's asleep ? This, then, is the ghost that frightened. the Dane. ' And this, too, was the hand that murdered the captain i" , I stood motionless watching her. Presently, taking lier hand off the table,' she turned her face aft, and with a wonderfully' subtle, "stealthy gait, she made for the captain's cabin. : Now, that cabin ever since Grifiths's ,death I had occupied, and; you may guess the 'sensations with which I followed the armed and' murderous sleep-walker as she glided to what I must call my .berth, and noiselessly opened the door of it. The moment she was in the cabin her motions :grew amazingly swift. She stepped to the 'side of the bunk I ,was in the habit of using, and lifting the knife' plunged it once, deep and hard-then caine away so nimbly that'it was with difficulty I made room for her in the' doorway to pass. I heard her breathe hard and fast as she swept by, and I stood in the doorway of my cabin watching her till her figure' disapipeared in her own berth. So, then, the mystery was at an end. Poor Captain Grifiths's murderess ws' his adored sweetheart.'I She had ki.l ..d.im inher slee anid knew it not. In the blindness of slumber she had repeated'the enormous tragedy, as sin less:'nevertheless as ..the angles iwho looked down and beheld her and pitied her. SI .went on deck and sent f.or the doctor, 'to whom I communicated what I had seen, and he at once repaired to 'Miss ILe Granid's berth accbmpanied by 'the stewardess, and found her peace fully resting in. her bunk. No knife was to be seen. However, next morn ing,'the young lady being then o deck, veiled as she always now went, and sitting, in a 'retired part- of the poop, the second mate, the doctor, and the stewardess again thoroughly searched Miss Le Grand's berth, and they found in'a hollow in the ship's side, a sort of -scupper- in fact for the port-hole, a carving knife, rusted with old stains of blood. It had belonged to the ship, and. it "was a knife the steward had missed on. the day the captain was killed. Sinice the whole ghastly tragedy W'as a matter of somnambulism, all points of it' were easily fitted by the doctor, who quickly understood that the knife had been taken by the poor girl in her sleep just as it had been murderously used. What horrible demon governed her' 'in her slumber who shall tell ? For my part I put it down to Mrs. Burney and a secret fever of jealousy which had .operated in. the. poor soul when sense, was suspended in her by We tried to keep, the thing secret taking care to lock Miss. Le'Grand up every night without explaining our motive;! but the passengers got wind of the truth and shrunk from her with hborror... It' came,? in" fact, to:: their waiting uipon me in a body and insisting upon my immuringher in thesteerage in company with one of the"' tween-deck's passengers, a :fenmale:'who had offered her'sef.vces as a' nurse for hire: This action~led to the poor girl herself fnd ing oat what hadd happened.". God know$who told her or how'she man aged to discover it but :tis certain:she got td learn itJwas her hand :that ..in sleep Ihad killed her lover, and she went Imad on `the selfsame day. of :her understanding what Ishe hade done. . Nor did she ever recover her mnind. She wus lanided imad' and sent at--once to an:asylum, where she died, God rest' her poor soul '! exactly a ;year' after the murder, passing away, in:fact, at the very hour, the deed was done, as 1 afterwards heard.' 