PLAYS AND PLAYERS. -0- Sungested probably by a similar perform ance in America, a representation ef As You Like It by a cast composed exclusively of ladieshas been arranged in London, and was to take place at the Prince of Wales' Theatre on the 27th February last. Miss Sophie Larici was to take the part of Touchstone, Miss Ada Forrar Orlando, Miss Gladys Hum. fraoy Jacques and Miss Frances Ivor Rosalind. There was also to be a full chorus and orchestra of ladies only. To the many admirers, voluntary and in voluntary, of Daisy Bell, it may be of inte rest to learn that the author and composer, Mr Harry Daore, spent some four years, 18S4.88, in Melbourne. Prior to his going to Australia he had written a song, The Ghost of John James Christopher Benjamin Binns, and in his absence this achieved sueo cess. Playmates, The Simple Country Maid, Model England, In Public and in Private, and Good Old Has Been, are also songs written by Mr Dare. Daisy Bell, itappegrs, was written in America during a visit there in 1892. Farewell, the latest composition of Mr Dacre, is stated to be coming a great favorite on the London Variety stage. The two pantomime parties playing during the recent Christmas season at Edinburgh, engaged in a friendly game of football, in which ladies also participated, one afternoon at the end or January. Miss Ada Bemister, who was appearing in the title role of the pantomime Dick Whit tington, is mentioned as taking part in the game. Mist Amy Horton, the bright little soubrette and burlesque actress, has been playing the principal girl's pa~t in The Forty Thieves, one of the four pantomimes produced at G!asgow. During the early portion of last month two Londonprodnotionaroached themr 100th per. formance. The first was the musicalcomedy, The Gaiety ,Girl, at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, and the second the burlesque of Don .1 nan at the Gaiety Theatre. Charley's Aunt, at the Globe Theatre, has now a record of a year and two months, and Morocco Bound (a piece that will, so we have been advised by cable, be seen in Aus. tralia during the year) was about the middle of February taken off after a run. of ten months. Mr J. C. Williamson was expboted in London on the 11th February. The object of his visit was announced as being the search for artists and attractions for his firm's Aus. tralian theatrical enterprises. Mr W. H. Vincent is acting as agent for Mr William son. The operas of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci were announced to be given in the same manner as oratorios, with a choir of 300 voices, at the New Queen's Hall, London, during the month of February. Mr Ben Davies was to sing the principal tenor musicts. A leading London theatrical journal makes the announcement-by this time a somewhat familiar one-that Mr Sims Reeves is likely to go to Australia on a tour. One of the partners of the Brough and Bouoicault Company is reported to have stated that their New Zealand tour "more than realised their anticipations." With a successful season in Adelaide, followed by one in Melbourne, preceding the visit to New Zealand, it would appear that this favorite ompany has been reaping the reward they have so steadily and consistently worked for, and which no one will deny they richly deserve. Mr A. Lawrence, who will be remembered as a clever character actor, has, after wait ing in London for some eighteen months, with little or nothing to do, obtained a good engagement in America. The Dampier Company are to play at Goulburn during the Easter season. Miss Jeannie Lee concluded her farewell season in Sydney on Thursday night, when the final performance of Grasshopper was given. Neither Joe nor Grasshopper has met with the success that one would have wished for the spirited and vivacious little lady whose name is soinseparably connected with these pieces. The Pollard Juvenile Opera Co. commence a season of 18 nights at the Theatre Royal, Brisbane, on Monday night. In connection with the revival of Struck Oil this evening at the Theatre Royal, it may be mentioned that nearly twenty years hav elapsed since the first production of the piece in Melbourne. The actual date was Saturday, let August, 1874, and a run of exactly three months was achieved. In the cast besides Mr J. C. Williamson and Miss Maggie Moore, in the two principal parts, were Messrs Stuart O'Brien, Harry Sefton and W. Taylor, with Mrs Bryer. Struck Oil is to be taken on tour again in the United States in September next by the Piton Company, Miss Jane Stuart playing the part of Lizzie Stofel. A correspondent in the "Sydney Bulletin" makes the suggestion that inturn with cricket, military and other teams that have visited England, an operatic company might be ad vantageously tried, and among a list of names mentions the following :-Misses Nellie Stewart, Colbourno Baber, Ida Osborne, Florence Young, Flora Graupner, Violet Varley, May Pollard, the Princess's Bal lerinas, Miss MarieSaquni, with MissesFrances Saville and May Weir already in England. The male performers mentioned are :-Messrs C. Harding. R. Cunningham, Syd. Deane, Howard Vernon, T. Grundy, Will Lewers, and D'Ensem. The idea. although novel, would, it is feared, hardly prove payable. The list given could also be added to with advantage. The minstrel and variety entertainment at the Sydney Theatre Royal came to a some. what turbulent termination on Tuesday evening. On Monday the orchestra were evidently not in tune with "the trea sury," and on Tuesday the management being unable "to raise the wind" to pay, the flautist and others declined "to raise the wind" to play. On the announcement of no performance and a return of the admissions paid, a dispute occurred, owing, so it is stated, to one person who was admitted on an order endeavoring to benefit by the promised refund. The altercation was quickly joined in by the crowd, who eventually had to be "moved on'" by the police. Miss Edith Bland, who accompanied Mr Bland Holt as leading lady in his recent seasons in New Zealand and Tasmania, is to appear with the Erough and Boucicault Company this evening at the Lyceum Theatre, playing the part of Lady Castle gordon in The Amazons. At Wanganni, New Zealand, at the race time, two halls were ocuonpied by the Shino and Clark Variety Company, who divided into two portions, onedivision of the company after appearing at one hall repeatedl the per formanco at the other, whilst the other divi sion reversed the same proceeding. The London " Daily News," "World" and ' Figaro" newspapers allspcak in com plimentary terms of Mies Pattie Browne in regard to her appearance as Mrs Lappet in Dick Shendan. One compares her to a pio tureby oMeiseonier, another speaks of being fascinated by " the eyes that belong to Mies Browne," and the third alsopays a tribute to her fine eyes. Misses Parttio Browne and Rose Bearing were present at the first of the annual Covent Garden Ball; the latter gained a prize for her costume, and "up to date" stage-. dress. Sir Augustus IHarris, who has ibeen in valided during the production of the Drury Lane pantomime, was entsulliolently conval oscent on Wednesday, 25th January, to visit the theatre, andwitness, for the eirst time, the performance. It is now definitely settled that Mr Edward Terry will shortly reappear at his own theatre in London in musical comedy, a style of per formance resembling to some extent the pro sent burlesqueo. At the Strand, and afterwards at the Gaiety Theatre for some six or seven years from 1869, Mr Terry with blisaNellioFarren, Miss Kiate Vaughan, anid lMr E. W. Royace, formed what is kInown as the famous Gaiety t quartatto. His ro.appearance in a class of l character for which his unique powers of t facial expression, his clover sinaging and dancing, specially favor him, is beiunglooked forward to with much pleasurable in terest. The hyev. Stewart Headlam in the course ofa paper read by hlim before the Playgoers' Club, stated that he had seen every ballot p produced at the Alhambra for the last twenty c years, and went on to say that "overy one t contained mucoh that was beautiful, all had t been bright, cheerful, exhilarating, somloe had j had been of supreme excelleonce." Madame Sarah Bernbardt has recently been appearing in Paris in a drama entitled Izeyl, by M.M. Silvestro and Moreau, in a i role that is said to flit her equally as well as her wonderful ereation of i Floria Tosca. Izoyl has been spoolally written with a viewof bringing into relief the a offeoots that in Madame Bernhardt's hands r exerciso sunoh a wonderful power of fascina. Il tion, and at the first performance, at the end of January, at the Renaissance Theatre, T Paris, both aotreese and authors achieved an immense triumph. t 