"The Hawkesbury Electorate Thus the "¡Australian Workman" : For the Windsor electorate the Rev''Phillip Moses and Messrs J O M Skelton and Buttsworth are. the candidates for selection L EX. Of the three, Mr Moses seems to us the only one who would have a ghost of a show against Burdekin and his millions. He is an exceptionally good speaker, and has a faculty of rousing and sustain ing enthusiasm which few men in the Labor movement possess. It seems almost a forlorn hope to fight Burdekin in the Hawkesbury, but if any one can do it it will be Moses, who should secure a large share of farmers' support, in ad dition to the strictly Labor vote--if selected. [Mr A Reed has also been nominated.-En.j Rev Phillip Moses addressed a crowded meet ing at the Windsor School of Arts on Friday evening, Mr C Lilias being voted to the chair. Mr Moses spoke fluently and eloquently regard ing the necessity which existed for arousing the electors to a proper sense of the responsibilities which would shortly be thrust upon them. He pointed out that they should not fight over Burdekin or Morgan ; it was immaterial to them which of these two gentlemen were elected, for they both belonged to privileged classes, and would resist every movement in the direction of reform. They had fought far too long for men ; let them now start and fight for principles. The Labor-party, he pointed out, was the only politi cal party that had an ideal, and that was pre pared to fight to secure its attainment. Referring to the N.S.W. railways, Mr Moses pointed out that all the retrenchment was effected in the lower grades of the service, the average wage of men employed in the workshops, for instance, having been reduced to £i ii¡6 per week. Mean while the management expenses were exorbitant, and were not being decreased. The management expenses of tbe Midland Railway, which turned over, not /2,000,00o (as the N.S.W. Railways did) but /37,000,00o per annum, reached less than one-third of the amount expended in that direc tion in this colony. He spoke in favor of land value taxation, pointing out that one gentlemen in the Legislative Council, who owned 350,000 acres in one district, had admitted to him that the con struction of the Northern line through his estate had given an average increase of /12 10/- per acre to it. He also spoke in favor of a National Bank. He urged all present to assist the Labor movement, and endeavour to put an end at the next election to the old system of perpetual war fare between two rival local parties. Mr E O'Donoghue proposed. and Mr J C Fitz patrick seconded, a vote of thanks to Rev P Moses, which was carried by acclamation, and who in turn proposed a vote to Mr Lilias, who briefly acknowledged the compliment. On Saturday night the usual meeting of the Richmond branch of the Labour Electoral League was held, when there were upwards of 50 members present. The chairman explained the system that would be adopted in balloting for the selection of a candidate, the nominations having closed that evening. Four candidates were nominated for selection, viz :-Mr H R Buttsworth (by Wilberforce Branch and Pitt Town Settlement members), Mr A V Reed (by Richmond members), Mr J O M Skelton (by Riverstone and Richmond members), and Rev Philip Moses (by Pitt Town Settlement members). A ballot will be taken by Saturday, 12th, members of all branches in the electorate being elegible to vote, and in the event of the candidate securing the highest number of votes not securing an absolute majority, a second ballot will be taken during the ensuing week. The meeting was of a very interesting character, and a good deal of enthusiasm was evinced in the proceedings. On Thursday night, the 23rd inst, a candidate for Parliamentary honors, in connection with the Labour League, viz, Mr Reed, from Penrith, ad dressed a large and representative gathering of the electors at Kurrajong, at Woodhill and Co's store, Wheeney Creek, where a platform had been erected and well lighted up for the occasion. Mr Reed delivered a telling address on the several planks of the Labour-platform. The audience showed their appreciation ot Mr Reed's views on politics, and frequently applauded him for the very able manner in which he dealt with the various S[uestions. After the meeting the electors came orward to show their sympathy for the Labour cause, by adding their names to the roll of the league, and Mr Reed expressed his sincere thanks for the hearty manner in which be was received, and said he hoped the electors of the Hawkes bury district would rally round the Labour cause and place the Labour representative at the head of tue poll at the coming election. Mr J T Roberts is the hon secretary of the Labour League, Kurrajong. Messrs Buttsworth and Skelton addressed a small gathering of electors at Yarramundi last Fiiday evening. They spoke on the platform of the Labour Party for about three-quarters-of-an hour. As a portion of this locality belongs to the Nepean, a good many persons are not interested in the Haw kesbury election, hence the moderate attendance. The members of the Labour E leo toral League, especially the Richmond Branch, are particularly active just now, and claim, that they have made many converts amongst strong conservatives, and that they will poll heavily at the coming election. They estimate their present voting power at 400, and they have hopes of more yet. The Sydney papers can't evidently get the grip of Mr H R Buttsworth's name. One time they call him "Butterworth," another time "Butters," and the latest atrocity was perpetrated by Tuesday's " Telegraph," when he was dubbed " BattBworth." 