MOW FIRST PUBLISHED IN AUS- TRALIA. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED BY THE AUTHOR.) MURDERED AT MID-DAY, OR A GIRL WITH THREE LOVERS. A TALE OF COUNTY GALWAY, CHAPTER IV. BY SKIPP BORLASE. If Patrick Desmond’s disappearance from the Assembly rooms was noticed, it was at all events not commented on. His name was down in no girl’s pro- gramme for a dance still toepme off, and match making mothers had for long ceased to keep a sharp eye upon him as a deair able son-in-law in perspective, while as for his own sex, highly popular though he was amongst them, yet in the Courts of Venus his company was not nearly so. indispens able as in the Halls of Bacchus, or the hunting field, * . Whilst therefore, he was guiding' his horse down the ualighted sinuosities of Dead Man's lane, where the Moorish arch ways and carved balconies of many an old Spanish mansion yawned beside and ex tended far over the narrow passage, and making his way from thence out through one of its crumbling gateways, into the open country, every now and then unconsciously fingering the stock of one of the long horse pistols that he car ried in his holsters (as did every other prudent man in those perturbed times), being-os full of his deadly purpose as ever, in the brilliantly lighted rooms which he had left behind them, music and mirth still reined* supreme, os though everyone present bad decided on “No sloop till morn wbon youth aud pleasure meet To chase the glowing hours with Hying foot.” Yet, in exemplification of the proverb that there is an end to all things, a rollick ing Irish country dance at last brought matters at once to a head and to an end, and a few minutes later while palpitating chests and delicate arms were being covered up warm ’geath quelled opera cldaks or other cosy wraps, and carriages began to arrive and depart with their precious freights, though by far the greater number of pretty girls, and their chaperones who lived in or near by the town, owing to slender meins, walked home, escorted by their cavaliers. Amongst th p se latter were Kathleen O’Connor and her mother, whose circum stances were so limited that they might almost have been called straightened, wherefore it was little wonder that Mrs. o‘Connor was something more than Anxious ■ that her only child should not marry ft man of her father’s stomp, that is to say hospitable to a.fault and with no conception that 11 pharity should begin at homesuch a man, 'f.'Vßhort, 'os Patrick Desmond was and gave prdniiso of over being, at all events until he needed the world’s charityhiraself. Sir John Berkeley walked with his betrothed bride, Kathleen, making himself as pleasant as ho could, and that wasn’t saying much, for he was not a lady’s man, and in making love didn’t sugar his words as an Irishman knows so well how to do; nor did he forgot, as he had told his brother earlier in the evening, that he was of the “ nobler sexin fact he always treated Kathleen more as though she was a pretty and somewhat spoilt child, than as what site really was, a gentle, lovable, and also sensible girl which was one reason why she had con ceived a positive dislike to him, declaring that he -would be always posing before his wife with a birch in pne hand and a sugar stick in the other. On the present occasion ho did all the talking, though that wasn’t much:; but George was ton times more dolorous and glum as ha followed at a descreeb distance in the’rear, with Mrs. o‘Oonnor, who was much surprised that he never once Bounded his brother’s praises,..rs it had hitherto been bis almost ia variable custom to do. Casheoa Cottage, whose dilapidated condition was pretty well concealed fro?? all but the most prying gaze by an outer garb ' of dark and glistening ivy, and which, with a window on each side of its door, three windows above, and a chimney rising from either side of tfee blue slate 'roof, was rescued from the veriesfc.commcn* , place by a handsome -brass knocker, opd by a garden which although of the smallest dimensions was tastefully laid out, and gay with flowering laurestines was at Host reached. . Of course all four went indoors, for Mrs. o‘Gonnor would have considered it indecorous for .Sir John,and Kathleen to have said their final farewells in the garden, though our pretty heroine would far rather have had it so, and In her mother’s presence to boot. y?haf» bfi said to her when they really and perhaps for the last time were alone ’ together was yery much a repetition of What he had been observing to her the whole of the evening through, to wit that nothing should prevent him from making her his wife; and then be suddenly added, ha though he didn’t himself regard the Matter as an absolute certainty, M he Wished her to do, that oven If a Russian bullet did lay him low, his ghost \tould feta ad between her and Patrick Desmond at the altar rails, should she over allow him to lead her %ere. To this t/hreat ]&a;#hleon made no hhswor, hn’lesß a yeiy viable shudder blight have Veen regarded bb one, and un tomfortible Uncertain whether tba p shudder Was #n his account or on Des mond’s and her own, Sir Jphn presently Said his really last good-bye, unhappily, Conscious that Kathleen shuddered yet again as he pressed his lips to hers in a final farewell. * A few minutes later and bo had said biS hdieux to bar mother also, bidding her, almost Sternly, to w keep a, careful eye OVer her child, for both Kathleen’s sake and his own,, wad to bo sure to allow her to hold no communication whatever with Patrick Desmond whilst he was away at ''t wars R after which ho abruptly quitted Ween Cottage with his brother, and the t srolUt%5 r0lUt % m ® o walked side by . side, almost speaking, to the Olnnricado Arms I ’there calling for and mounting SOon left .Galway ww'hw ♦ Gme # ibrighb moonlight night, or rafciii >-*^ ? «ihg and as they pursued the c ** jj? O . r f uloroß shallow and rocky islands of InniL "} and Arranraoro were dimly JfhinWlnnni tance, from (he last nan. *s™mil the superstition has it that old Irish paradise, can bo b t which Kph •day, and dt all events Amen : ;proVed a paradise indeed to U , j ■sands of starving Irish mien am ' ,' ‘lie? far, far away in that direction/* * 1 0 the five hundred feet high revolving light on Arran’s isle seems every night to point thitherward. Close behind them lay the dark grey town, engirt by its crumbling walls, and almost lapped by the Atlantic on one side and by broad, silvery bosomed Lough Corrib on- the othe r , whilst far away over the, roofs, of convents and monasteries and beyond the tall spire of tho ancient col legiate church of St. Nicho’as (patron saint of fishermen, and Galway town .has sixthoUsnnd of them) rose the long chain of mountains which stretch across Conne mara and Joyce country; whilst equi distant in their front ' the Burria hills roared themselves high above tho rugged ■ coast line of County Clare, terminating in the long, tongue like peninsular of Ardfcy on the other aide of which the noble Shannon rolls onward to the sea. Bat the country which the two young men were actually traversing was bleak and desolate enough, the grey, calcareous stone constantly protruding abovt the I shallow soil. Even the numerous huts of the wretched peasantry who attempted 1 cultivate tho arable spots between the rocks were built of rough stones loosply put together, and as none were high enough for a tall man to stand inside with out stooping, anyone passing by at a litt.le distance would doubtless have taken th«m for mere detached masses of rook, and never even have guessed that th*»y omld be human habitations; and yet, window less and chimneyless as they ail where, these wretched hovels were perfect palaces compared with some of the soalpeens and scalps of not far distant Kilkee, Kilmurry and Kildisir? - . The names of these and half a dozen more such woebegone towns and hamlets begin with “ kill,” and at the period of which we are writing their poverty and foul drainage did kill more than a quarter of those who took up their residence in either of them, so that they commenced with kill and ended with kill, making it a case of kill all around. Enough, however, of desciiption, for we have resolved that the lending feature of this story shall be “ incident—incident— incident/’ and we really seem to be already forgetting our motto. To return then, at once to tho -point that is to say to Sir John Berkeley of Garuragh, and his younger brother George, who had not been traversing the poverty stricken country, which wo", have been at some pains to describe, for more than a couple of miles or so of its length, when in passing one of the before men tioned rock dwellings that almost bor dered on the road, they heard proceeding from its interior a most lugubrious howl ing, and beheld the corpse of a mao, laid out at full length on a couple of planks, supported by roughly hewn logs of wood,. in front of tho doorless entrance to tho cabin. The breeze bore the positive stench of tho corpse in their direction, which a nearer view showed to be that of a tall, big-framed man, cut 4ovn in tl?e.pyii??o gf lif<\ He was fully dressed in tho usual gut door garb gf tho Galway peasantry; a kind of coarse grey in his case all rent and tattered, his boots, in just as dilapi dated condition were on his feet, and his hands wore crossed on his chest, but with the palm of one turned upwards, thus soltcif-ing alms to defray tho cost gf his. burying, a common enough Incident in the west of Ireland (even as it still is in some parts of Switzerland) at the period of which we are writing. Thus it was that the two young men were not so shocked at the sight as they, would otherwise doubtless hav<> been, and Sir John, Hinging tho reins gf his horse to bis brother, dismounted and walked up to the dead man, in order to pay hhrtribute money, feeling the while that for the sake of .the living oven more than for his own (he sooner that J?o was put under tho ground the better. CHAPTER y, Once standing beside the corpse, how ever, its appearance caused Sir John tp fairly shudder, for not only were the features of tho dead man terribly emaci ated by famine, but there was a blue rimmed hole in the very centre of his fore head, through which a bullet had very evidently reached his brain. His shock red hair had apparently boon brushed down to conceal this, his evident death wound, hut the wind had blown it a\vay from off his s»ill knitted brows, lay ing the secret bay ; not that n bullet-slain man was at all an uncommon sight in I Galway in those days, and Sir John’s chief feor, after the first shook, wob that tho discovery by him might, in ihe" supposed i interests of justice, prevent him from saih jng op the morrow for the East. As be was tpost eager that others should not reap all ibe glpry $l)at there was to bo won, before his arrive) op*;, after a taoipeptfa indqcj-ion, resolved to say noth ing about the discpvery which he liad just made, and drawing a hapdful of loose silver, amongst which there wpre soyeral; crown pieces, out of his trousers posset, he placed them in the upturned hand of the. corpse, and then turned round in baste to regain his horse, but hardly bad he so when he heard the clatter of the cojp.a upon the hard rook behind him, and glancing , OVOF bis shoulder perceived that, owing to the, weight of his alms, or for some other reason, the hand of tho dead man had slipped down from off his breast; and was npw dangling at the full length of the pertain jpg arm within a few inches of tho ground oyey yhich the silver coins sTf.ro rolling in all directions. The next moment, however, bis gaze was attracted and quickly rlvetted by an other object, to wit, a tall, haggard, middle aged woman, with long elf-like looks streaming all over her shoulders, and clad iu the purple ruins of what had evidently once been a bright scarlet cloak. $Cer fate wore t|ie dull grey whiteness; of pld paroby?onfc, but her great, wild; looking block eye# gleamed with what ap peared to be the lurid light either of in tense hate or of dangerous insanity, os stretching-two long skinny arms out over lb© corpse, with tho fingers of both hands pointing tgwanJs 1 Sir Jplin Berkeley, as though she would jfoin drag him towards her in order to rend and tear bio?/ she ox cloimed »u shrill topes of mpeking laugh ter :— : V “ Curses on ye lor giving, so freely to the dead what ye have always begrudged, nnd refused to the living. Curses on the Saxon who would drive the native Colt from tho land which God has bestowed upon him, and then would shoot him down like a dog for seeking' the birds of the air and the wild things of the low at ! which thp Almighty has given for the use of all.’ l oall down curses especially on ye, Sir John Berkeley, in-that ye evicted is from our little holding, that yo raised our rooftree for only six months rent in nr. rear,and that your paid hirelings did to the death a husband nnd a. father for taking only one pheasant from put your crowded preserves and (hat' to save the lives of fife dear ones, all down with.famine fever in the fpx hole, for it is little hotter, that ye’ve seen me jest come ,out of,. leaving two chi Id ton dead and thrte dying inside f ° r yG t0 an8WGr for afc the judgment “ If all this is true which you tell mo I : am deeply grieved.. Never to my know ledge have I done anyone an injustice;” said Sir John. . JDid yo over temper mercy with your justice? Answer mo that !” retorted the woman fiercely. The frugal and the industrious have never found in me a harsh landlord. As for the idle and the lazy ” ‘‘ The idle and the lazy,” exclaimed the weird female interrupting him. “ Are ye sure, before your God aiid his (pointing to the corpse of her husband), as in the Of judgment ye’ll have to be, that ye va never called that laziness which was' truly weakness? Do you think that a man with that great framework there could work like a well fed Kentish yeo man on no support but potatoes, and they none of the best, for well ye know that the pg always went to pay the rent, and' that the rent always was paid until our last pig died of swine fever ? Man, who pr*tes so glibly of justice and idleness, did ye ever try how ye could oven hunt or shoot, leave alone working hard from sunrise to sunset with spade or hoe, on a three day’s empty stomach ?” \- “ You have accused one of my game keepers of shooting your husband,” said Sir John, thus getting out of answering the woman’s last question, “Now I'm very sure that not one of them would have done so unless he had resisted, which he had no right to do.” “He struggled hard for the possession of the bird which he had cock pheasant with more flesh upon its body than either of his dying children have on theirs—why a wild beast would so fight for the food that was seized upon to feed its young.” “ Wild beasts are bound by no law, but wild and lawless men are, and it is abso lutely necessary they should be. If you were all starving there _was the Galway ! Workhouse to receive you.” “ Nob so, for the Galway Workhouse, since the outbr|ak of the famine, has been full to overflowing ; besides which both my husband [jand myself would rather have died on the bleak hill side with our five children around us than have acc n pted of its hospitality, Cold, stern and heartless fnan that ye are, had ye takep the least possible interest in those whom God com mitted to your charge, your tenantry I mean, yo would have discovered that I nor my husband were what wo seemed to be, and that nothing but the direct mis fortune had placed us omongst the hewers of wood and drawers of water. However, it is too late now, too late, too late,” and here she wrung her hands anjl gave vent a flood of passionate tears. Seeing her thus softened as he sup posed, Sir John Berkeley, said sooth ingly;— *’ Well, well, the past cannot be helped, bub the future can. If your husband has met with an undeserved death ,the law will avenge him, and I shall not endeavor to screen either of my gamekeepers I do assure you, indeed, I will see strict justice is done in the case, that is to say my brpbber will do so on my behalf. As fqr the rest, enough money lies nt your fs.ot.tp bury your poor man docenMy, and to relieve your pwh immediate wants ns we)I. In the course of a \yoek I promise you and your children §hpll |n some way or other be eared for.’’ “ By you or yours ? Never ! Even' with his dead hand he refused your alffr*-, and I have not com® forth from ray foxes’ hole to bog from you but to curse you. Aye, more than to curse—to prophesy your future, for Bridget O’Plahorty, the wise woman of Billyvoughan, cm read it as though it were a printed book.” “ Oh, if you talk on in that nonsonsioil manner I* shall loave you, and you will have pushed aside a.friend who has the will as well os the. power to nuke your future brighter than your past.” “I am thinking of your future, which gleams before me as brightly as the lurid light of hell can make it do. I can see one whom you have scorned and wronged waiting at this moment with burning .im patience to take your life. Aye, I can see more than that for I behold the girl your love murdered in the bread glare of mid-day at God’s very altar, and the brother you trust, ha, ha, blind fool, how long will you trust him, I wonder ? suffo cated at mirk midnight ’noath the enroll ing bog of Ardmohr whilst cursing you with his last breath, for he will owe his death to your ha'e if not to your hand. There, I have rend yourfuturj to you, and it’s truth I cal! upon this clay cold corpse to bear witness to.” She cooplqdcd with an oldrich laugh, placing tho pilm of her rjghfc hand lightly the while upon her husband's face. (to bb continued.) Plant Extremes. —A recent writer, Mr. GK 0. Nealley, remarks that the res sources of nature in the vegetable kings (jlora pe strikingly displayed in the division j?haneroganpja /dowering plants), where we .sop 9 marvellous variety xo range, abundance and but that it is in the Oryptogamia division (floworlcsg plants) that the great extremes are found. Considering temperature, wo find that many of the Arcticlfchens vegetate below freezing point. In Iho Algae class, the so called red snow of regions grows in a like cold; and there ape nob only others that live in hot springs, but in tba. Island of Amsterdam a species of liver wort exists in mud said to be much hotter than boiling water. There are plants for every possible degree of light. Many of rposso/? and -lichens flourish on rocks and old tiojbep fully o*posod to the sun’s rays, and, on the other hand, spepi.es of fungi have homes even in the d^r^ caverns - and mines. Moiatnrp sfieips ossontiai ’ to vegetable growth. Many plants pro known wh'oh are always < b'?neath ,tho water’s surface, whilst some .of .the lichens are at home on desert rooks, though it is probable that some moisture mast be received at some time by every plfltyt. (Jroat diversity in age is/ one of the striking characteristics 0 f plants. Fouchet says that some’ of our common mould 8 ’ pass-in a single day, through all the phases of life, but by a singular .con tradistinction some plants of .the same class grow wMi inexplicable slowness, arid sjrafojxed a yellow lichen on a housetop far foyly years without noticing a"porcoptiblp jrioreasfi,’ loading be Oandolb to declare that til? 1ichong''whiflh , fifivejr our rooks possibly go back to the tiipps of the cataclysms that laid the rooks bare, The form and size of plants show vast com trosts. Beginning' with organisms through a powerful microscope, wo pass many gradations, finally rovohiag, sea weeds 1000; and m dne spring IppJ® than 1500 foetia length. Other extremes are found in thV germination and repro duction of plants; The Algae class: furnishes species of but p, pjnglo p H) but in a largo mushroom weighing 4| the cells were found to * number 106,596,000,000,000. Some plants' djo immediately bn being removed from their peculiar habitat,'whileothbrs return their vitality after half a century in a .liorb-. ariam. ~ 