fiemioiseenees Murray, et tiie |By VIDI.] Tourists and others claim that the Murray is decidedly unpicturesque; that it is simply a commercial stream and nothing more. Let us see. Sweeping placidly on ronnd bend after \- bend, past bright emerald curvas, under the giant redgums, just olearing a, treaoherous inshore snag- on the edge of a strong backwater, all the boat lore of the past oame back with * J»w meaning, and we find the Ions fisherman under the lee of a gigantio octopustike mass of roots, as interesting in his way as the "Siwash" who poised his salmon spear on the rocky shores of the Fraser. Katun's garb may be somewhat monoohromatao here. There may even be a 'deadnoBB of sfieot at tfmes almost dispiriting; but as a nan has eycm and brains, he will be oontinu- , Uly oulling something for the mind's scrap- . Mole. For imstanoe, one night I caught the * iollowmg mind picture:— ; Vividly illoiminatod by the flame of his big looking fire (J. was attending his pots with Jleeves tolled up and pipe lit. Beyond and lireotly in the sheen lay the boat, while the " trees silhouette against an old-gold, rapidly fading sky, with the far-reaohing plains as a middle ground, • tiny cottage nestling in . heavy foliage, through which gleamed, a solitary light in the fore, and the long water reach, tinted and ahadowed from bend to bend, completed a soene not to be forgotten. 'Thewitobery I alarm for the Murray lies mostly in its weirdnegB, and with me was not lightly felt. TThe bird that skirr'rs swiftly overhead and the thistle down that skimB the river surface over the smoke wreaths that ourl from the comforting "briar," areeaoh partof a strangely felt whole. Marcus Clarke—God rest him!—speaks of the weird melanoholy of Australian bush . ecsenery.' I have felt the truth of his observations very deeply on the New South Wales— Queensland bonier, more especially during night cidea; and I know a sadness that cannot be ovsroeme preys upon many of our back- ' block pioneers. Here, in the day .time, with the cries of a '• score different birds, the busy hum of tormenting Sies, the tinkle of distant cowbells, and the rhymthio plaib of OMB, the effeot is cheer- Sfutor Cooky has hi* say, Miss Maggie ben, and friend Jaokie—waff of the bush— laugbs aoeompasiment. Anon a flock of blaok dnck wheel -within shot, or a crane in Quakergtg feathering soars from his perch, while . "Brer Rabbit" solemnly regards 'the wayfarer frata his ooign of vantage under the Prattle. ° I Yes, despite all this brightness of the daytime and the merry, song-laden, gloaming boor, in the pale light of the moon or the oold ban of the starshine the ghost wanders. \ .vtt oomee through the spare timber and 1 SMnw to permeate space beyond the camp fire, its cry, like a vsntrfloquial wail of despair, thrilling thfe sir. We hear its mournful sigh lnthe tree tope, its low plaint from the billabong side, atad the mutterings of things nootURukl Tdioe'a tale that oeases cmly with the dawo, a tale so foil of nameless intensity that oneoan well understand its effeot upon suoh etureias Gordon and Kendall. Onoe, in the Jwilight, w» drifted along a track of tarnished ailver.in whiob two pale stars were refieoted v . like fairy lamps. An opposing bank seemed to bar much further progress, and beyond \- .'loomed a vast ahadowland. Ed (ring the traok with a delitmte traoery, wonderful in its . • minuteness, every tree was mirrored to the uttermost leal, ana the sky, paling from dead geld at the w^Btern horizon to an electrio blue- Rteen, deepened overhead to the luminous blue BO characteristic of Australian summer nights. My companion—one of the most prosaio feUova alive—aoknowlod ged the charm, when suddenly from the depths of the shadow a lurid fire bunt forth, and in the glow we caught a glimpse of picturesque figures, a • covered boat, and a tent, and the nert moment ;«atentor,baal greeted us. Trying for a landing just below, we nar- ; Mwly misaed bapnringupan some ugly snags ' in swift waiter, but were soon fraternising with the owners. of tbs Bam tiler, one of whom proved to be an did Boer-fighter, the other an . ex-sailor. Seated & ta Tark, with a great billy of tea between us and an open 11 *baooa" pouoh near \- iby, w# indulged in reminiscences for several Jwiws. / -Sometimes "up- saddling and off-saddling" . wider Bayley and Oarrisgton on the Velds of Basuto Land, again trailing with Crawford : '«ttd Crook in the American sierras, or oow- ' faoyiag.from Texas to Alberta, often paoing .'fbelsYurtile hud oS "Limejuioer (British ship) . . Yank** or "Bluenoee" (Nova Sootia-man), we 'put in a rare time; and 1 may here remark tbiik tba jneeliag oisnoh men as these oonBtitotesoneo? tbe principal pleasures in a vagv ' blond trip nown the Murray. y ' ^Ufirfor a moonlight run into ghostland," I wd ah we headed away again: and truly, ' had the water-sprit* of my old horse Fairybook appeared through the gums he would not i bitvp been inopportune. Vistas opened here /find there vrith the peouliar phantasmal effeot prodnoed by the green light in pantomime shadows deepened bare the light fell. There R!1 was dark. Grotesque forms squatted in the nnoertalnty ashore; anon a startling cry rang through we night, and often some mal- : formed snag took the most gruesome oharaster. Sometimes the mme banks at the bends, , bounded and smooth, gleamed in the silver • sheen like the soft curve* of a naked mammoth body; at others dead walls confronted us, and ' we knew not w;bioh way the channel turned ; once even the electric moonbeams played so ' prettily on the rippling surface of the water that I was fain to liken the effeot to that of a thousand golden lizards all entwined. So much for the Murray by moonlight. It is daylight Main, and the Eohuoia mill boat Adelaide, with her barge, is reoeiving a cargo tf redgum logs over long skids from the bank. steamer outside her bow is just keeping enoogh. way on to resist the current. The Ban-burned crew, with handspikes and taokle, are working up a huge log, " ye-heeing" after '/the fashion of sailors. They are dirty, the Adelaide ii dirty, and the baekground of more toga and dead tintber is dirty. There is not ana gleam of colour to relieve the morbid \- tint of things. An etching has no colour, but it baa artiatio beaaty—so lf haa this waterside vignette, from the pose of the stalwart gangfeoss to the phlegmatic countenance of the blaok cook. One peculiarity of the Murray is its zigzag Douree, giving about two and a half to three ' miles water route to one of land. It is this abruptness of turn whioh oanses the current to ''set from point to point, and forms thenumetous eddies and bade waters, also the sand bars, whioh are so aooeptable for bathing- places. There.are also many "reefs," troublesome to ateamer traffic, but these do not trouble the small-boatman at alL His onlyannoyanoed are the flies and mosquitoes, and apropos of those pasts 1 think the tirade of an Irish friend of mine against Queensland is equally applicable here. • f Qunialand is it? Git out wid ye. E'ill give ye Qaqialand. First ye have the snoipe wid the yeller billy. Then the ally-gay-torr •wid bis mouth woide open. The moskeeters by noight, the floiiBa by day—first on yure bread, then on yure mate, then down yure t'roat—wallop." A fly nut for the day time and a green bough or oow dung fire at night will mitigate these annoyances l&rcely.; Now sweeping under an overhanging tree, past a group of sapling gums at the water's edge, again between, the forks of a giant snag, with the screams of cockatoos and whistlings of magpies in our ears, watohing a stray king- . fisher, white or an a, or ibis, or keeping a look nut for ducks, we are never dull At every torn there is something fresh, it may be a tint study, a babk glance up stream to catoh a different view, a bird on a snag, or the grotesque position of the snag itself; or ashore, a snake killing adventure; but all through each day'e ran there are incidents which are not only interesting but instructive. A cockatoo riveraider's house and quaint outbuildings, with a stack of bagged chaff ready for shipment, an irrigation plant primitive or ' elaborate, a steamer and barge, some girls fishing, vary things; but if the Pearl or Gram happen up in the night time with their great eleotrio bowlights all ablate, the effeot is grand, and reminds one strongly of the " Ole Missisip." There is also a vague fasoination in the lonely abandoned dwellings the Murray voyager oomes aoross, with illustrated paper Doverfed walls whioh vandal bands are fast deleting. T remember one especially -we had prtmd facie evidence that a young mother nursed her little one at the yawning fireplace, and I oonjured up a home picture to contrast with the present one, whioh is well worth reproducing if space permitted, for'the grimvisaged Boer-fighter, shirt open, pipe lit, his jolly roond-pbizzed mate mixing damper, my dirty, oarelesaly- dreased sailing chum, and my own sun-dried se)f, all in the glare of a huge log fire, with our own beloneringe, from guns and dogs, jambed in out of the rain, would ' have been no mean subject for an artist. As a typioally Australian scene a sunset view from one of our oamps was superb. The rose shot gold tint* on the water, and green gold of the bankside foliage, backed by an open timber belt, through whioh the dying light played upon a billabong, delighted us. At Tol Tol, or Tol Toy, on the Viotorian side, about three miles below Euston, one of the prettiest aoenes upon the* upper river is obtained. The broken red cliffs, rising to a considerable height, prelent a sharp oontraat to the low bank opposite, and are very vivid in oolouring, showing a large variety of tints, although the Bornb timber upon them is of sage deadness. The farm-house upon the slope above them ia built of pole logs, is bark-roofed, and forms, through its quaintnass, no small adjunct to its landscape. Soma few miles above E no ton there ia one of the finest game camps in the country. A long line of reaoliff also marks it. The locality is ! quite pretty, and a good shot .would have ample opportunity to get in a really enjoyable week. One of the most interesting and pioturaaque features of what I have termed " The Aroadi&u; Murray" is its riverside population, to whioh belong the bona - fide fishermen, the wood outters, and nondescript vagabonds who are not "whalers." Some of the former own quite comfortable hemaa. At for the vags.t who may be either white or blaok, they Uve in anything and on anything. The fishermen are hard-working, honest fellows for the most part, intelligent, and are not prone to spin big fish stories. The woodcutters, who ptodaoe fuel for the steamera, &o.t; are many of tham very interesting characters. The genial traveller oan spend an evening occasionally among them and thoroughly appreciate their simple narratives. The "vast" are vaga, and as suoh vara delightfully when not growling about the hard times. A thoroughly genial fellow, making up his mind to throw off the bonds of "caste,"oould holiday a oouple of summer months splendidly for the matter of a filO-note, exoluiive of fares to and from the river. He oould strike Albury or Echuoa for the Murray, or, preferring it, oome down the Murrnmbidgee from Hay, or ev«n down the Darling. Game and fish are plentiful, and the absolute freedom obtained is delightful. Let bim ohoose a " mate" of his own calibre, or throw in with a gentlemanly "vag." (there an many), buy a boat for about £2, a small tent, and a few oooking utensils; also the inevitable gun and fiBhing-lines, and plenty of good " smoking," and I'll gaarantea nim a ohange in health and strength very shortly. A dog ia a eplendid oompanion if reliable. A sood retriever of any kind is invaluable among the lagoons that infest the Murray country. A boat will always bring its price If good, aud a shotgun putohased in the olty at a sovereign (muzsleloader) would easily l»ing thirty shillings, BO that they are not valueless property at the end of the oruise. At any of the townships en route one oan get the best of literature, «o. There are also other attraotions, of whioh the land question is by do means the least. I am strongly of opinion that the timeisooming when a few acres of alfalfa (luoerne), a nioe little fruit oroh&rd;, and a poultry yard will outlive the big wheat areas upon whioh so many of our farmers are struggling. Mildura, Periooola, and other places upon the Murray (plaoes whioh astounded me when oomp&red; with my memories of California) have shown what judicious irrigation will do; and I see a great future for small properties on the river. A shrewd man can oombine his holiday with a little business, Upon the whole, even contrasted with the wild and rugged Canadian streams I have described elsewhere, the Murray has an attraotion peouliarly its own in its oharacter studies; its semi-Americanisms, of whioh the "three-deck and no bottom"steamboat is the principal; and last, but not least, the insight It gives into that Australia of which we read as ladB and longed to eee. I leave it with regret. . 