AMUSEMENTS. There was a good- house at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening when "The Forty Thieves" was again produced. The auditory was warmly enthusiastic, and the applause that was freely given was abundantly merited. The last three performances of the "Forty. Thieves" are announced, and after Monday night this piece will be removed. There will be two performances to- day, the special children's: matinee, commencing at 2 o'clock, and the usual evening performance at 7.45. The'doors for the matinee "will be opened at L30, and the performance, will terminate at little before 5. A large number of seats have been secured, and there is sure to be a crowded house. On Tuesday night the management will produce (by special request) last year's success, ' 'Aladdin," with all the original effects, and several novelties, .including the latest London craze, the new comic song, "Linger" Longer Loo." ..." Snared was repeated ab Hudson's Bijou on Friday evening, and the audience was again heartily responsive. This evening a new programme will be presented including «Tni nr» "Pftrloiti "fiYjmnnia " T.nvAr'a Ioi on Parlait Francais" and Lover's "Happy Man," and there ought to be a good house. There should be a big attendance at to night's " Continentals,", at which Miss Amelia Banks is to sing "Ave Maria," adapted to the celebrated intermezzo from "Cavalleria Kusticana," with instrumental accompani ments. This will also he the last appearance of the tenor, Mr. Fred Smith, and Mr. Phil Langdale, and those who have not yet had the pleasure of listening to Mr. Langdale's artistic eccentricities should not miss this opportunity. As usual the programme supplied by Mr. F. Basse - is excellent. The Eastern. Suburban Band will give a number of selections. The Cyolorama and Palace of Wonders is the new title of the property of the Cyclorama Company. In addition to the U6w illusion of "Napoleon's Ghost" the management announce a greater novelty bearing the name of " Hvdatapikilumina," or "The Enchanted Fountain," whioh will be produced in combi nation with the "Battle of Waterloo" and " Napoleon's Ghost." ' The new attraction has been in hand for some days, and it will be produced at the Cyclorama next week for the first time. Mr. Loekley having seen the charming effects produced by. the wonderful fountains at the Inventions Exhibition in London, .and through numerous sugges tions has managed to secure something almost equally a3 - good though perhaps on not quite bo large a scale for the Cyclo rama.^. This should, be .one. of. the. greatest attractions, in Adelaide, and there will cer tainly be a good- evening's entertainmeint at qhis popular resort. ' The City Volunteer Band were to have given a concert at the Rotunda on Friday evening, but owing to the rough weather the, attempt had to be abandoned., 