A itOIGIU IMNITIATIONs. Ii When Jack Wilder and I received to our diplomas as lawyer and physician a respectively we talked of striking out for the wild and woolly West in quest as of a fortune. e' We must look for a locality, I said h to hire, laughing, one day when we ih were laying our plaids for the future, where the air is full of poison and the t people are copstantly at loggerheads oi with each other. Why not make for Denver f said Jack. It's coming into prominence as ti a mining centre. We will grow up with the place so to speak, and what we don't succeed in earning by our professions we Can earn with our little capital, in real estate speculations. h Well, the short and the long of it was thlrt one fine morning, we found a ourselves abroad a train, flying west- e ward, bound to Denver, by the way of a Eansas City. In those days there was no railroad s through to the Pacific. At Kansas f City we fell in with a party of hunters heading for Denver like ourselves, and e we were soon in the saddles on our long journey over the plains- a journey that proved so uneventful as to T.ie dreadfully monotonous; and glad, indeed, we were, in the dusk of at lowery d,.y, when we at last came in -sight of our destination. Denver was then in its infancy, and ( a thousand times more wretched look ing than my darkest dream had depicted. t Imagineonelong and miry street, lined on either side with low roughly built, shanty like houses, that looked for the most part as if a cyclone had swooped down upon them; here and there a building of two storeys that appeared inhabitable; a labyrinth of filthy lanes running in all directions-and there you have Denver as it was then. Our party halted at the first travern it came to ; that is to say, all but Jack and myself who, unable to stomach its appearance, wallowed on, stopping once to inquire of a miner for the best hotel in the place, which he informed us was Pete Denny's, at the end of the street. As we rode up to this establishment in the deepening twilght we found a crowd of lo.agers about the entrance, which was through the bar-room. And a strange crowd it was. Great slouch hats rolled down over shsagy brows; long unkempt hair and beards ; dirty woollen shirts of all colours; broad belts in which were stuck knives; high, coarse cowhide boots, plastered with yellow, clayey mud, such as we had been struggling through. One face in the motley assembly struck me particularly. It was that of a man of about forty, of powerful build, over six feet tall, with slightly stooping shoulders. Covered with thick hair as high as the cheek bone, it was scarred and seared as though its possessor had spent his lifeprincipally in scrimmages; added to which great yellowish green, owlish eyes, and a prominent beak like nose made it decidedly repulsive. Dismounting, we took our large valises from the backs of our horses, wiCen we iets In enarge or tne-ostler, and mace our way through the crowd of idlers to the bar loom. As I passedl the'desuribed individual, he looked me squarely in the eye and winked familiarly. Nonplussed by the fellow's bold ins. pudence, I stared at him a second, when he winked at me again with a smirk. I?ia hrazenuess was so cool, his pro. ceeding so extraordinary, that a sudden impulse seized me to laugh in his f.ce and wink back at him, as if I took his impudence in good part. Whereat he laughed also, winked knowingly, while the surrounding crowd grinned. As I immediately passed with Jack into the bar room, the latter nudged me in the ribs, whispering, Keep cool, George, keep cool I No row, for God's sake I Don,'t mind the loafer. Never feer, I replied. I've got my temper by the horns. As I stepped to the bar to secure the best acconlnodation the place afforded, I found myself followed by the ruffiian and his crowd. Dr;,ks all round, Pete! he drawled out, at the expense of the tenderfeet, accompanying his order with a wink at the bloated fellow behind the bar; then at me again. To be sure, said I, laughing, though I was boiling over with rage; drinks all round, landord. The gentleman took the words out of my mouth. My friend and I are indeed two tenderfeet, as you call us Eastern boys, just arrivedal among you. So let's have the drinks by wayof a preliminary introduction. The crowd, won by my seeming good nature, gave a cheer, and proceeded to attack the bottles which Pete set out for them. You can have the spare room, gentle men, said Pete, and your supper will be ready in a few mnlinutes. I suppose Syou would like to go to your room to wash I Here," Winking Ike, show the gentlemnan up to the spare room; The one designated by thlis euphon-. ions cognomen was none other than the bully who had been annoying mue. So now it was evident that he was in the habit of winking, or else hle had an affection of the facial nerves, which Scausbd him to wink involuntarily. A part of his conduct therefore was excusable. Taking up a lighted tallow candle, which Pete had placed on the bar, Winking Ike gave me a wink, and started toward a narrow side door, with Jack and myself at his heels. A.scending a dark flight of stairs, he let us into a passage, at the end of which was the spare room, a media' sized, carpetless apartment, conta;ning two smail cots, a couple of dilapidated chrirs, a washstand, and a little round table, upon which he placed the candle, Ssaying to me in a low, mysterious tone, his inmp.udent, bullying manner changed suddenly to one of certainll respect. We looked for you two days ago, doctor-you and your friend here-and had begun to get pretty skeery when we found you didn't show up. Every. thing's all right so far; there's no it suspicion. You've got what you need b1 in them things there, pointing to my tl valise, and you'll not set to work till the house's all quiet, for walls have ti ears. Pete'll close up tonight extra tc early on purpose to give you more time tl to do the job. You'll find it in there, Il he concluded, indicating with a jerk of his thumb a side door in the room, and ' at the same time, backing suddenly to h the entrance, with an expression of fear ii on to his ugly face, while his owl's eyes kept winking and blinking. p Utterly atnased, I tried to speak, tried to find voice to ask him what he t was driving at. Indeed, Jack's tongue it seemed tled, too, and the fellow had d already backed out of the room and shut the door quickly, and we heard him go bounding down the dark stairs as if a ghost was after him, before t either of us could open our mouths to I articulate a sound. Well, said I, finally turning to Jack who appeared to be coming out of at stupor, what do we make out of this from the beginning I I make out of it, he replied with an effort, that we are in for some strange adventure. What did he mean by it, setting to work, doing the job-to say I nothing of what else he said 1 Evidently we shall find that out by Sopening that side door which he in dicated. And he called me doctor. How the deuce does he know I am a doctor I All this looks like a real mystery, Jack. Shall we follow up I I am with you, said Jack, starting I towards the side door. I caught him by the arm. Go slow, my boy. Remember his warn about the walls having ears and I not going to work till the house was quiet. Let's wait, and ask no quest 1 ions, lest we betray ourselves. Tihe more I think of it the more I am con vinced that he has, in some unaccount able way, mistaken us for other people. Who I What sort f Of course I cannot conjecture. But certain it is, we are not supposed to be here for any good purpose. Didn't you notice how I frightened he looked when *:e spoke of it I Yes, said Jack, and that leads me to believe that we are on the point of amaking some important discovery-I cannot imagine what-but which will bring that villian, and perhaps Pete himself into the toils of the law. Having delivered himself of this d sage conclusion, Jack washed himself, II and after I had done likewise, we went e below to see about supper, exerting e ourselves to our utmost to appear as r unconcerned as possible. g Neither Winking Ike nor his com panions were anywhere to be seen, and Y the lardlord, who was waiting on some new customer, directed us to the dining i, room, slyly handing me, as he did so, g something wrapped in paper which felt 5 like a key. d On sitting down to supper I opened d the paper, and, sure enough, I found it ; contained a door key, while on the paper were scra led several lines, e which I made out to read as follows : This Key fits the Dore between the ;e rooms- don't unlock it till the house is , still-don't kum to Baragin tonite and r, luc out for people In Ruums un tether side of partition-you will find bags in Closet in Room. i, After supper we went directly to our d room taking with us a large lamp, which tile old hag that waited on us i had lighted for our use. It was then ten o'clock. Through the partition on the right, opposite the door opening into the other room, we heard voices and listened. n It was some miners judging by their e talk, discussing business m:atters. s These were doubtless the people against 1e whom the note had warned us. They Ir' did not seperate till midnigl,t, and I cant assure the reader it was a long wait for us-for Jack and me. il Soon after we heard them go out; the house became as still as death. l's Then, with a strange feeling creeping over me, I bade Jack take up the lrmp, , and going on tiptoe to the side door, I unlocked it very carefully, so as i.ot to ie make the slightest noise, and slowly d, opened it. in A damp chilly air struck our faces and the light flared up. The windows d of the room were raised, but the shut k ters were closed tight. ' We entered. There was no carpet r; on the floor, and no furniture, save a long deal table in the middle of the room. To the right, in the farther corner, was a cot, with a blanket n thrown over it ; to the left a closet. ly Well, I was on the point of saying, Isee no mystery in this, when Jack, who was between me and the farther corner, holding the lamp, started back suddenly and clutched my arm. 1 Heavens, George I he said, in a t hoarse whisper, there's something covered up on the cot 1 The hand with which lie held the \- lamp shook so that, fearing he would drop it, I took it from, and, in breath. Sless suspense, we went on tiptoe to the cot. - "e Yes, there was certainly something tihder the blanket. Somethid that \- looked like the top of a human head he peeped out. I pulled down the blanket a lo Ltittle, and .a ghastly face, framed by he long, brown hair, stared at us with its 50 glassy eyesl ch Horrified,I recoiled, and set the lamp A upon the deal table, while Jack a staggered back against the table, m ur muring \- For God's sake, George, what does r, this mean I d It means, I replied, mastering my li emotion, it means that we stand face to faHCe with the victim of a crime-a he murdered woman- choked to death I o Choked gasped Jack, How do you \- know tha 1 S It's very evient, I made answer, ap. d proaching the cot again. See for d yourself, and I showed Jack, at the , throat, several dark marks, like the e, imprints of fingers. There, I said d kravely, are the irrefutable proofs. To the medical eye they are crying wit , nesses I d Cover, it up again, George I the sight n is too horrible! I moaned Jack. We y. meat not disturb it-it must be left just as we found it I and seizing the ( blanket with a shudder, he pulled it over I the staring face. And now what's to be done I he con. tinued. Our first step is undoubtedly I to go and lodge a complaint against i this Winking Ike and Pete, the land lord. We must do so at once. Not so fast, my boy. Do you imangine we would be allowed to leave this house by stealth at this hour I No, indeed I We are supposed to be- What I asked Jack impatiently, as I paused. Cutting the body up, of course, so that they can conveniently dispose of it- bury the pieces separately, no doubt. Isn't the matter clear to you nowI Jack looked at me aghast. And the bagsI; I pumsued going to the closet and taking out three or four large grain sacks-Why, these are to hold the piecest Jack's eyes began to bulge out of their sockets, and, in pitying the poor devil, I took up thelamap, and, leading him softly into the other room, locked the door after us. He dropped upon one of the cots, while I, opening a valise, took out my two loaded revolvers, and going up to him said in a whisper: Take this revolver and keep your wits about you. Certain it is that either Winking Ike or the landlord will be here before daylight to see whether we have done the job. Who. ever comes we must be prepared for him. It's a matter of life or death with us. Then, seating myself by the little table, I waited anxiously for the next act in the frightfuldrama. It was drawing near to three in the morning when I heard soft footsteps in the passage approaching the door and presently there came a light knock. I motioned to Jack, and when I opened the door in walked Winking Ike and Pete, the landlord, only to find them selves confronted suddenly with two I revolvers aimed straight at their breasts. At the same time I cried F out Hands up 1 My God, don't shoot I the two t worthies stammered simultaneously, C throwing up their hands. No harm I was meant I SWhat I No harm, you villians ! It was a cold blooded murder II said s vehemently. Winking Ike burst out laughing, t winking furiously, while from every part of the house seemed to come an explosion of shouts, and into the room rushed a score of miners. The fast is, pard, said Winking Ike, I suppressing his mirth, we've been a pretty hard on you and your friend. But that's the initiation we generally give to all new tenderfeet-a pretty tgood skeer, that's all. And really, in the first place, it was intended for two i tenderfeet friends of ours w+ expected t two days ago. But when they didn't e come, and we seen yous coming up the i, street, so innocent-like, we couldn't \- resist the temptation to play the joke a off on you, and with several rapid a winks, Winking Ike walked to the door of the adjoining room, one of the r miners following him with the lamp, o and, unlocking it with another key, three it open, walked to the cot, and r amid a roar of laughter, jerked out , from under the blanket by the hair the s wax bust of a woman !--" Philadelphia Press." 