LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, December 1, 1893. The Christmas shopping season is for some reason or another much later than usual this year. Instead of the new cards, new books, new toys, and new odds and ends being exposed for Bale from the- middle of November the leading tradesmen are not going to what they call "dress the windows" till Cattle Show week. The explanation of this alteration is that die shops find they do not really do much business in Christmas presents till then, and the goods get Boiled. It comes, however, a bit hard on Anglo-colonists and others with friends abroad. When one went to look around for new gift books and what not to send off by the mail of the 17th ultimo there was little or nothing to choose from. Nevertheless, I can sympathise with the ' tradesman's , point of view. The manner in which blameless ladies of the highest integrity consider them selves at liberty to mess over goods which they have not the remotest inten tion of buying is truly amazing. Watch s. woman purchasing Christmas cards ! She invariably begins by examining the tray of shilling cards, probably remark ing cheerfully that she would consider it aam to spend.so much on sack trum pery. After tossing these well over she proceeds slowly via the ninepenny, mx penny, fourpenny, threepenny, and two penny trays to the penny one. Finally end with great deliberation the good lady selects three penny and one "tup'ny" card, demands that envelopes may be " thrown in" to clinch the bargain, and leaves the shop with the air of a duchess who has conferred valuable favors. The bad lack which seems to have haunted the Leveson-Gowers since Mrs. Blair entered the family culminated last week with poor Lord Cromartie's death. The late earl was Hie second son of the third Duke of Sutherland by his first duchess, the stately and beautiful woman whom the Queen as a mark of personal regard made Countess of Cromartie. The tide, and the duchess's estates descended at her death to her husband's second son. fie married, bat had no male issue, so that the earldom now becomes extinct and the property goes to the duke. Lord Gromartie was a pleasant young man, and very popular in society before he fell ill some months ago. He supposed himself to be (strong as a horse till he caught a bad coH yachting last summer. Complications followed, and now the earl lies dead. H'" \- brother the duke and the young duchess were with him when he passed away. Lord Cromartie, like all the Leveson ■ Gtjwers, was terribly cut np at the acts of folly and worse which signalised his .father's old age. When, however, the duke brought home Mrs. Blair as his duchess to Dunrobin the young earl tried ta> restore an outward semblance- of peace, and paid a call of ceremony. The manner .. of "Duchess Blair" was however so distasteful and the affronts to his mother's memory so unendurable that, though living close by, Lord ' Cromartie could not bring him self to go again to Dunrobin. When next summoned there his father lay on Ins deathbed. Lord Cromartie's death makes the present duke a fairly rich man ■gain. Mrs. Carew, the heroine of the divorce cause eetebre of the mo taofentt is a tall, graceful, and re fined-^looking woman well-known to all London playgoers as "Edith Chester." A Sew months ago she obtained a decree nut against her husband for adultery and cruelty. Now, the Queen's Proctor has intervened to prevent the decree being made absolute, averring that there was collusion between Mr. and Mrs. Carew. The proctor states that the evening after t)te decree nixi was pronounced the hus band and wife with tome friends dined at tile Criterion together, parting after wards, and going their separate ways. Since then Mr. Carew has constantly "visited his wife, ostensibly to see the children. On these occasions Mrs. ftwr "<farlhig"-edand " dearest"-cd her husband, and there was a good deal of kissing. Mrs. Carew's maid deposed that her mistaeasi said, "With all' his faults I lore him dearly, and I'd forgive him every tiling if he d give up Mrs. Seymour." This lbs. Seymour certainly appears to be the kind of person to make even the most affectionate woman's blood boil. Not content with seducing Mr. Osrew from his marital dntaes, it appears she as nearly as possible copies in dress and appearance the wife she has so in jured. Servants deposed that Mrs. Seymour tried her hardest to resemble Bus. Carew, and was, indeed, often mis taken for the successful actress. All in court rejoiced to learn that Mr. Carew has pretty bad times with Mrs. Seymour. A valet declared that the lady's temper- was "hawfnl," and that when in her " tantrums" (wbicb usually came in with the dessert after dinner) die flung glasses, plates, and even, decanters at his master. On one occasion Mrs. Seymour having pro vided her lover with an unusually event ful scene the doughty Carew fled and sought *n asylum with his wife. Mrs. Carew, after hearing the sad story through an open window, lee her husband in and allowed him to occupy the spare room. She herself slept with the children's governess. Mrs. Carew seems to me to come out of toe aflair very well. She doesn't deny that she loves her husband, but she has resolved till he gives up Mrs. Seymour that they must be divorced. Carew is one of those big good looktup, good-tempered, and morally invertebrate creatures women conspire to BpoiL Mrs. Seymour belongs to the ■"Second Mrs. tEaaqneray'' school. Carew now, no doubt, wants to get back to his wife, who earns a good salary. It was, indeed, openly stated in court that it vis he who had set the Queen's Proctor in motion. Mr. Lockwood, Q.C., earned Mr. Carew through eventually in triumph, the Queen's Proctor's interven tion being withdrawn and that func tionary condemned in costs. To tie thousand and one good stories of the late Professor Jowett a writer in the current CornhSl adds a few more. Perhaps the best of them is that which relates how the great little man crushed the 'Varsity washerwomen's strike single handed, and this I venture to recount. The worthy linen-cleansers struck for a higher remuneration in the collar depart ment, the statutory rate of pay being Is. per dozen. They went to interview the master. "Show the ladies up," said he when Knight, his butler and general fac totuui, conveyed to him the information that the washerwomen awaited an isudience. They clumped into the pro . lessor's wancfrrm to find hin? fiddling with the poker in iha ashes of the grate. He tamed and faced them. "Will yon wash 12 collars for a shi nngf They began to expostulate. The master touched the bell; in came the lutlex. "Show these ladies- down." Presently Knight reappeared. "The ladies seem very sorry or—would like to «cc you again." " Show them up." The 'washerwomen clumped in again and found the professor .still intent upon the fire* grate. "Winyou wash 12 collars fora Baffling f piped his cheery little voice. A buxom flinw commenced to make ex planations. He touched the belL " Show these ladies down," said he, and down they want. Again the butler expressed a hope that he would see them. "Cer tainly ; show them op!" The women entered the room once again. " Will yon wash IB oofiajs for one shilling?" "We will!" they cried. " Thank you. Good day, good day," old the master, and, touching the bell, he said, " Knight, ■bow these ladies down," and the strike ~vm over. - The Ar<M>-n^n«'*'- mn^r trial, which will commence at JSdzn&Brgh; on the 12th to*-, promises to be die most drafting •ii vn&oal; &* jroUic bun enjoyed; since Mrs. Maybrick stood in the dock. Both Monson and the soi-disatit Scott are arraigned, the charges being that they first tried to drown poor young Ham borough and then conspired to shoot him. The Crown have subpoenaed 25 London witnesses, lawyers, insurance agents money lenders, bookmakers, and book makers' touts. One of the most important will be an insurance broker named Tottenham, a friend of both the deceased and Monson. He was actually arrang ing a new policy on Hamborough's life when the catastrophe took place. Totten ham went up to Ardlaniont by the first trainafter he heard of it, and Monson being utterly crushed and unhinged by the death, his friend took general charge of his affairs and acted for him. Tottenham had no suspicion of foul play, but Monson's excessive agitation puzzled him, the man naturally being the reverse of nervous or emotional. The shock to Tottenham, and indeed to all Monson's friends biter when the police suspicions leaked out, was very great. At first everyone looked upon the arrest as a blunder, and bets were freely made that Monson would not be brought to trial. Even now many old friends, whilst ad mitting the accused may be a black sheep in financial matters, scout the notion that he treacherously murdered a trusting "paL" A highly sensational case in which we are promised all sorts of " disclosures" will come on at the law courts next month. The plaintiff is the notorious Mr. Charles Seaton, and the defendants are the executors of the late Mr. Abing ton Baird. Mr. Seaton claims £15,000, the residue of £25,000 promised him if he recovered £50,000 in .bank notes alleged to hare been lost by "the squire" whilst in a state of intoxication. A well-known lady's name is freely mentioned in connection with the case, and bets of 7 to 4 have been registered that rather than let Mr. Seaton tell the story of how the £50,000 roll of notes was lost and where it was found she will pay the £15,000. The executors on their side will, it is understood, produce a written repudiation in the late Mr. Baird's handwriting of the claim. The "Squire," it is under stood, was rude enough to suspect Mr. Sea ton and the lady of collusion. Mr. Charley Seaton is a very tall man with an exceed ingly large moustache and a military or rather milirin manner. His most famous exploit was the running of the field Club and baccarat hell, whereat the Jubilee Juggins enjoyed his most famous "flutters." Mr. Seaton, who took a percentage of every bank, was rapidly accumulating wealth when, at the in stance of young Lord Dudley's mother and other friends of habitues, the Field was "raided"' by the police one fine night. Seaton, Benzon, Lord Dudley, and several others were arrested, and Seaton—if I remember aright—had to pay a fine of £300. He must have a strong case to induce him to face the ordeal of cross-examination. An interesting note on the subject of royal descent and noble blood appears in last week's Truth. " Labby " says :—A well-known genealogical authority in forms me that "probably the great majority of English people, at any rate of the upper and middle class, can rightfully claim King Edward L as their ancestor, and through him William the Conqueror, Alfred the Great, Charlemagne, and others of like rank"; and also that " plenty of farm laborers in this country are descended from the Emperors of the West." It is, as this gentle man justly observes, "a carious fact that her Majesty and most of her English subjecte are related by blood." I therefore append the following letter, which shows by a mere exercise in arithmetic how this "carious fact" may be mathematically demonstrated :—" It is mathematically demonstrable that the chances of any one Englishman being of blood royal (whatever that may be worth) are several millions to one. I have no more doubt that I aiu of the * blood royal' than that I share that honor with the gentleman now sweeping my crossing, and with the other gentleman who is to be hanged to-morrow. Taking 33 years as a generation, there have beeD 25 generations since the Conquest. Every person living to-day is the product of two parents, four grandparents, eight great - grandparents, and *so on, with the result that every person now living most (except for inter-, marriage) have had 16,777,216 ancestors living in the year 1066. Now, taking the present population at 38,000,000, it follows that (except for inter-marriage) those 38.000,000 must hare had 637,534,208,000,000 of ancestors living in 1066. But the whole population of the British Isles in that year and even for 400 years later did not exceed three millions. Leaving out of account immi gration, more than balanced by emigra tion, leaving out also all those whose descendants have failed to survive through 25 generations, it follows that each one of those three millions must bear the responsibilities of representing 212,511.403 of our ancestors. The chances that any one stock could have kept clear of any other stock, both surviving, are in fact 212| millions to one. We know that the royal families have been prolific on both sides of the blanket, and to assume that anyone living person has not some of that precious fluid, the blood royal, in his veins is to assume that none of his 17 million ancestors was identical with any one of the 17 millions of her Majesty's ancestors." What I like about this doctrine is that it is equally fall of comfort for the most snobbish loyalist and the most rabid democrat. The one can henceforth regard himself or herself as one of the royal family and treat the doings of exalted personages as part and parcel of his or her domestic affairs. The other can gloat over the fact that distinction of birth is the veriest humbug of any fiction that man has devised, and that the man in the street, or the man in the gaol, can boast just as good an ancestry as the Queen on the throne, or the proudest peer in the House of Lords. For my part I comfort myself with the democratic alternative, only carrying it a step further; for when we are all sure of our descent from such ancient worthies as Adam and Eve, or even the patriarch Noah, I cannot for the life of me see why we should even trouble to work a sum in arithmetic to connect ourselves with such mushrooms as Char lemagne or William the Conqueror. General Booth is a consummate diplo matist, therefore one may take it for granted he knew nothing of the exceed ingly mischievous and offensive placard which one of his commissioners recently issued. This consisted of a rough cartoon picturing the interior of a London, music hall, underneath being the words, " Wanted, Salvation dynamitards to blow this np '." Considering that a proportion of the army are religions fanatics of the intensest description and without a particle of humor it is really impossible to say what terrible results an incitement of this sort might not have. Besides, it is monstrous that an influential religious organisation should make light of a crime like the Anarchist outrage at Barcelona. The Salvationist leaders have never been remarkable for good taste, but we always understood that charity and good feeling were their strong points. Those clever people who —though they never read it—are accustomed to sneer at the Family Herald will learn with some surprise that the short essays which form an " improving" feature of that journal were for years written by no lees a person than the late James Rtmciman. Moreover, that prior to his taking the work up it was done by Grant Allen. It seems the essays and the "answers to correspon dents" go together and are paid for at the rate of £300 a year. Both the eccentric Runcaman and Grant Allen indeed devoted the greatest pains to the "answers," and I imagine the curiously composed creatnres who submit all their trials and afflictions to Mr. Editor and demand his advice were never better catered for. Poor Runciman, as I told you when he died, just missed being a genius. It cannot, however, truthfully be said the volume of posthumous essays recently dug out from old Family Heralds by his friends and just published by Fisher Unwin will strengthen his reputation. The " Joints in Our Social Armour" con tain Runciman's best essays, and the "Romance of the Korth Sea" and " Skippers and Shellbacks" are his most popular fictions. But perhaps the most powerful tale the poor man (loathing his own weakness) ever wrote was " The Chequers." No temperance tract (full of horrors as they are) could, I am sure, equal in moral effect this lurid and ghastly 6tory of riverside debauchery. Grant Allen, I notice, misses it from the list of Runciman's works. Barries new novel is complete, all but the name. Sarah Grand has also finished a successor to "The Heavenly Twins." It will be called "A Superfluous Woman." Mr. Rudyard Kipling's Barrack-room ballad in honor of Lord Roberts is called "Bobs," the name by which every soldier in India knew the late Commander in-chief. It begins— There's a little red-faced man, Which is BobP, Hides tbe tallest 'orae 'c can— Our Bobs. If it bucks or kicks or rears 'Ecan Bit for twenty yean With a smile round both 'is ears. Can't yer, bobs? What 'c doesn't know o' war, Gen'ral?obs, Ton can 'arst the ebon next door, Can't they Bobs'? Oh! 'e'e little, hat he's wise; 'E*B a terror for "is size, And 'c docs not advtrtise — Do yer Bobs? Now they've made a bloomin' lord Outer Bobs, Which waa bnt 'is fair reward — Weren't it Bobs: And 'ell wear a coronet Where 'is 'elmet need to Bit; Bat we know yon won't forget— Will yon Bsbs? The feature of the Pall Mall Magazine Christmas number, next to Kipling's aforesaid " Bobs " (of which, by-the-way, a quotation like the above scarcely gives a just idea), is the proprietor, Air. William Waldorf Astor's tale, entitled "The Ghosts of Austerlitz." Assuming this was the great millionaire's " very own " work, and that the staff did not tinker it up for him in any way, I beg respectfully to pat the man of money on the back. As a Christinas story writer he ranks fairly high. The idea of the " Ghosts of Austerlitz" is original, its execution is respectable, and the illustrations—well, the illustrations are extremely fine. So, however, they ought to be, Myrbacb, who did them, being simply the best man in Europe at the Napoleonic period and the illustrator of the Erckmann- Chatrain military romances. That is one of the joys of being a literary millionaire. You can employ the greatest artists to do justice to your ideas. Besides Mr. Astor's contributions, the Pall Mall Magazine contains a dog story by Christie Murray and many other items of interest. The English lUttstrated, like the Pall Mall, boasts a very strong Christmas number. Its best stories are *' Kaddour," by W. E. Korris; "The Muse of the Halls," by George .Gissing; and "The Overture to Tannhauser," by E. F. Benson, of "Dodo" fame. "Burgas Romance" by T. W. Speight, forms the Gentlemen's Annual. It is the story of a female conspirator who, to aid in the revolutionary cause in Italy, married an elderly baronet of great wealth for his money and, a will in her favor having been executed, tries to murder him. This amiable intent is happily foiled by the old man's nephew and natural heir. The lady scores the first tricks in the game, but assisted by his enemy's step daughter the hero ultimately effects a rescue. The story is moderately interest ing throughout. The Christmas number of Punch is the best the leading comic paper has given us for some years. Never has Dv Maurier's graceful fancy shown to greater advantage than in the dream of " The Lost Chord," and Mr. Corbould's "Prehistoric Games" are genuinely funny. Tenniel's cartoon is as suggestive as usual, and no one will be able to help laughing at Bernard Par tridge's "Receptive Playgoer" and "Toper's Progress." Stern paterfamilia may possibly frown at the latter and grunt, " Rather vulgar for P«nc/i," but that will be after he grinned over it at his club. 