[NOW FIRST IUBLISIED,] THE SINS OF THE . FATHIERS, BY KEITHI FLEMING, Author of "By the Night's Expres,," "~en Such Thiuge Be 1" "At the Eleventh Hlour," ee, [COPYRIGOHT.] CIIAPTERIt VII. "BEmno DnE.o YET BSre.iienui," Three days later, on the weird aud mystic 'All Souls' Night'--thl night when the spirits of the dead are said by superstition to revisit their earthly haunts; when the veil blhtween the known and the unknown hangs pectliarly thin and transparent- on th e lat ater noon of this November ove the oew actors in this strange, brief lbut real drama, are assembled for the dread taok that lies before them; but what tlher exlect, yet shrink with lhulaiityl ; natural recoil from looking on, has not arrived. The carptenter is waiting, but the collie through some utitacouItable delay, has not yet arrived from the cemetery. The meeting has hbeeI atriaeged for quite late in the afternoon to suit thile convleniea of the doctlors. Jut it soon becomes evident that tlhe short day light will have waned before they ciea coluloince their eerie task ; caid w.iu the ghastly blurdlet is alt last carried into their midst, both Dr Mlilsam, who is to supllerintend the autopsy, and the surgeon who is to perform it, decla e it will be better to defer it till tile moarow, is, Id course, conducted by artilicial light, it canunot be so siltisfuctory, hut Waller Oliphant ancd Joli StLclilf orerrl lfehis proposal, baucked by l'hilip llargrave, who eagerly urges theac to get the wretched business over as clailbiy ait possible. The doctors positirely assert that it will be plracticably imllpossible in th(lse cirvcumstanees to mnake as thorough ao examnination of the re lllues (sulppsing them in it state to admiit of rxamiauti)il) as Colonel Olilphant desires. Then Johnc Sutclifl' siggess that if on opening the collin it in found the autopsy ca bol prloeoeded withll, why they might just take the first cecessary stops and then adjourn it till next day, though ccrtainlly it would be much blic tiler to conclude it to-(night if pussible, So it is agreed, and while the lie Iputer does his liart Dir .)ilsoanl Ii lia cul, league, with the two yiolrg muedical students whill are to assist, withdraew toiit small table in a distant cerlier oia which stanld tile ulecosiary nclligiccal il. strlients, and fortify natuu regaint 1cr comilg trying ordeal with reiviing lrandies and soldas,. Jiohn Siltelill and Walter O)lildlat converse it, hashed tioes, while lhillip lInrgrave sits apart, sileu, .ltartiiig ati every slightest Imioveniic t lld winl ? Iloow strangce, IInd echolig, anIi gllht like are voices a., they res cl in i luJhled eadence thrIugh the bare and bllc)y roUsi ; how eerie those ritreaticg ieps slowly descendling the distant s?aiil. It seells, to hiis excited nIlervolus iltc;gillutiola as if many lhly dead out solowhlerel ill these dl.,iciy iai.sacges, that are dilu and desolate, and suggestive of imystery, As if ie i suime terrible isolation were alone in thie world of shadowii . Lit;, and its pleasant, nasuring usuriatiu., seems to retreat tr'm hilEl, ltav'ing Lim ill that floel loneli , leavicng him ciltirroUdled by ichiitlihoims-ic?veiblei but Ilhia Ice fee?I are there, in tiie air around hLim-tlttering, rcstlicg, tmuch ing hint with spirit hands, whi-perig to him with spirit voices words of dr.al and fearful teaniiig. A great, thick hoorur seemcs to ibe pIrescing him dluwou down, A namelllless terror ;lliakes Iuc silot of him for ac few minutesilo ,lJi with a greiat efltbrt, Ihe trice to ilrtu: hit self, to shake himself free of the weird, occlt itfllluencr that is lpocl ]im. Why did lihr cite lie was aitoolli, do so. The spill oif the lhorrible night it is, is iupco himi, hie thinks, saivagtJ 110e hs serious thouglhts of ecvii hiows softly taking his deplarture, but hi feels that ihe ocannot riie fri his li.tir, that some great Lnla ervs trelior Ichas ii iin its grasp, rendering him helplcr: for the time being. lie should iee ill right, hle thinkis, if he couhil ,lI II li'r e RSole fd that ivicgoratingc ftll tc;ihos fellows over therm are quatlltg. And thoi eii l k e askance at that lon'g dark object on iwhich the carupenter is still cat .eiki, catld shiudders. . . ' And now with a sort of wailing creak lthe iconlcali' g lid is ilf, aind Dir llilotic aprllliuaehc s for a iciomicenit, looks, within tile culihi, and 'iliw, il ii ictc whcisliered wccd Co Colnel Olic lchaitil, cwhliiI cot;s 'ticaullrd alcl lcccrinulis in 'lillps vciar tchit ll, iculctlllii his r icis ci heiti h r'l'C co, oli o Iicere soi iIeIirlr i, hiccited ti tlt dile icod, illre to h luc lic ilillc ir ficce ilie ;ic acind lPhilip, ritih i ciightr enioi , gactherc hiiself iogecitr cniid "icrWlkis ccvr, aild ccicilod. ac Walter's side lhukicig deccie cilit tha dii f , hitda f , ia iis o yet lci chi nlciged, ilaIve it littic cly ,llrt, c lhct wheiei llst iseeli licy cirill iee. Auti.T c lcolient or vtwoi, he ,ticcic , lhike o blii, mi ci to liO ctcc, hi chihch hce suks rxhalcciedl; whclelie +hh idiccihiu, who has uicelicchcgly but tiie'it, iv ovlcatlchd ii, tkes hil cc ice l it\ cltir sl idte, l alie eriltecs to look ciie il ie eI thore lved featcires. For ictC f(ew i ilcluts they c iald thcil . in, ileict eoniteucliatioa, tenicr quieti y teaci ilig down ClotI el lJipli aiit olicuad ccid beoarded faice, cilthongh hi halcid, circ ceiced i s if lil ccre hi c cwrih tlha, sorfoi, cwhici lc slcmc rhiig ire bcliul i Jihlla SIunlifluas wivchthlc eyes. Thai the friier tciclirs acviiy clitch a sacllressed griocaich,i li wycer aloie liiles for a Imom enit ove thac t d tillcc aLd acful forc, iake li lac st linigericiI looleat lhobse rigid feailies, lieked ic Ouch nL Iticcl relcise, iiid lhel iie 'eveclr ly loigai covers the fices lhis hand.i are tr(ri'bliug, aiid he is lod il doincg tbhis sicilje slt, hat itc occe notices ihit-t-he doctlors are cbusy seleetinig thieir inlrulicenltr nod tiilkihg in sccieiud toiies, so uis ciot to ilctricude uloni, Ihe ioiulrineri ' grief--ad lheci lce too tiris accy, ccd I tr. Mloylnnb vote is heard sleakling of Ilce light, which hoas groic talnigely dlii tllis h1 coment el twoi. ~ Wlat his iocicecnd to lhe gasl" hIe isays. Ill is goilig ouc, acnd we want light, plenty of light, if ire are to do aeyichicig." BItt, before aicy occe eaci aswir hii, ic the ic ouiolnnary liasc that fullows lil wrocds, a olght, stiranige, hollcw seonud imuckes itself audibhle thiigh the large shaidowed rocci; soioiild lceveduing f[eom the coflhi. It is repeated shnost ih cidchciiauuly a little locuder thaci before, a faiut graiisl ltg cry eciding witic a mocica then quite clear cnd distinct, thoagh secivie abase a whisper, erocc the words throgh th(e terrible silence ficlen ic]coc ice itiliii--- " 'Art thou cocici, Phililic hcrgraiie" Acnd ih tice awful paics (hat eniuie Uloci tihc ghiccsly'niaiifestaltloc, lhcie h a rush of sound front the appalled livcin, Ono man (the carpenter) has fled from the room frantic, One of the medical students has fainted, the other, stupefied with terror, clings helplessly to his chair; Dr, Milsoel and the surgeon have dropped on their knees instinctively, with a great sweat of horror starting on their ashen faces, while the former prays nndibly ; John Sutcliffe has' also fallen on his knees, though his eyes never cease to watch Philip Hargrave, who is poralysed with terror, the body motion. leoss, no attempt to flee, the eyes fixed and gluting fearfully, as they actually protrnde from their sockets, the nnder ii dropped, while a slight foaln issues from the month ; it is, as it were, death gazing upon leath ! And yet one feels that the man's whole being is con. contrated in the one act of listening. Anl again those words reverberate through the room, lenouder this time, and I they are Agntho ITargrave's own living tones! " Art thou conme to gloat upon I thy victim I Thy wife slain by thy hand 7 t All things are revealed to the spirit, and I Illile returns to the earth to denounce t thee, Murderer, confess, ere yet it is a too late! That awful voice fro;t the dead ceases, I and a wave of icy air seems to rush through the rooln. Then Philipa Hargrave, who loas fallen from his clhir, cronching in the floor t with the face of a maninc, makes what aptpearos alnost a superhuman effort to a recapture the reason that has so nearly slipped front hin ; lie staggers to his I feet and tries to speak, but his tongue t refuses to obey, A umightier effort, and a hoarse, fearfuil utterances at last finds way between those palsied lips. s " I confess,-I am guilty ! The r guiltiest wretch on earth. Iconfess-I e aom accursed. I amn thy nmurderer, and imay God have mercy on my soul." y And with a ghlsily serenam lie falls insendibll to the floor. And when by- Ii and-by he wakes firom, that stupor, Philip it HIargravo is a raving maninac. The ti words of that confession, made in such e weird and terrible circumsotances, are the 1i last sane words he speaks, and within a It year lie ends )is sinful days in a mad- a house. It was hardlly worth .lolu Sutelife's wlhile to lay his pltans so carefully ; to elalborate his scleme of vengeance with P such aIlmost dilaboline skill. It hadI not failed, innsminch as it had al wrung the confession front the guilty 1ana1's terrilied soul, bat hero the plot of w whalit soite mlight call nt unlholy revenge gi teaseil ; atnd, yet again, would John an Sitdlille-glessitig, feeling, believing as to lie didl-have been justilied ill letting at tihe criminial go free ? sa Wos he not rather justified, some will ci say, in using every mnieans-even though a the, moeans miiglht not be considered di legitimitt inll court of law-to entrap that confession, in calling every instru mient to hie ai to punish such black andl il fearful guilt ' bh That larvellious inoretisit of these re liater days, gi The Plhonograph c (at the reader will, of course, hlave guessed ere this) was the deetective that ga Mr Statelilff had summinoned to his issistalne. at These ter ible words we have just co listened to ire the words that timil, 00 honorble lo l rbara IHollanld shrank so ll fearfiully frent espeaking; lbut her uncle irerrledtl her; and the words spoken of inlt that little Ioystic eylinder were care- re fully stored, antd accurately repeated, g when the timea came, in tile very tones of loi the deail wolaui's voice, as Biarbara ni Ilolland's aud that of her cousin were rI startlingly alike. aI Thus, the ghastly illusion was made perfect. Thus, the sin of the sinner ail founld him ollt--alld thus, maln's en wondrous invettiveieess, and scientific A skill have addted yet naother to the gi powerful agents, drawn front nature's armounry, in tie plurslit and detection of the crimnaill. The, guilty wretch who seeks to bafile justice, may niw sometimes fear another ta eanemy in the magic little instrument, w that even leaves tihe " telegraph" and p " telephonei" behind ; and crime revealed of by the " phonograph," may not be an of utterly imlpossibl event in the future, m Conclusiont of .'sormttt Leslie's Story, a of CI.\I'TEIi IX. re Is TIIE PLCTrrtE Gao.tL.E. " \\\re must make the picture gallery as our head-quiartels," 3iabel declared, with at decision, and all hler satellities cried, t, IlHear, Hear !" of This oll Grange of the Ardens has lis han in tlihe family for generations. ae Ill at at the time of tihe Rcstoratian by oll tI Guy Ardell, a brave o ficer and gallant iliholder of the Starts, it had It lben teinanted siecessivel y by staunchl ,hlenlites zealols ipartisans of that n. at ha 'Iy rate.e its reasoen why Mohel proposed tle o "lictelue gallery" ias thIeir centre was Lthat it ntbatcd on tile " \rest Wing" of the Grange, the part that iiad iandergone dl nio alteration, anld stood exactly as it did at in tlie o len dtays. lHero tlh unexnpected b little roonas and passages mastered in greatest firce. Tlhis pilace was seldom, if ever, used, alnd abnronlded in charming hidinig plac ,unatl lhero ibel led her F Inlaghiiag, shoulting band of followers. Evoery part of the mansion, even to - the relote I" West Wing," is lit utp this "All Sonals' Night," but the light is not Ilrilliat, and lwhel tlhey enter that long, lofty, silent gallery, with tlaoe seemtingly interminablol rows of frownitg pictures on the walls, olly half revealed by the ditu religiols light, the clildren in vrluitanrily cease their gay shouts and haiughter aund draw closer together, the youngest of the five little girls--who in their pretty lwhite frocks relieve themore somblre tiats of tihe sterner sex whicht pre vailed in niamler-saying in tones saggestiva of trepidation and inward nisgivinig : "O, Maab dear, we'll never have light enouogh to ply here; dlon't you think wsad better go boonek I" Bet Mabel only lsaghled, andl called ier a "little goose," saying, if they had tos Inmuch light, they would lind each other too easily ; and the boys, though Ithey woall have gladly voted with little Gratie for moro light, felt that it wouldln't do to fank tar sliow the " whlite featlher," when Mab, ?rlho was "only a girl," was suchl a " brave old brick," Andti soon they wore engaged in sucl, wild amerry roasps that they forgot to tltink etaoutt the light or where they were. Tlhey were enclanted to have Mabel for their leader. Sihe was a "first-rato captain," tihe boys said. It woas she who thonglt of the aost surpris ing and oat-of-thle-way places to hide in, and whenl it was hier turn, and theyheard the sweet, shrill "Seek," echo thlronghl thlose silent rooams, they set off with tihe pleasant contviction that Mnlab would give theni some trouble to discover her wsllareaboats. VlWhat nookhi and erannies she did itale out, to ble sure ? And hIow dausty, she got liher pretty, gauzy, blue-grey dress n in the interests of those noisy young id cousins, She looked wondrously fair in d that dim light, She had flung a soft, ; grey, mufling ashawl about her shoulders, a coming to that cold west wing, and now, with her bright hair loosened from its n fastenings, and streaming over it, and a those marvellous grey eyes, with their n long block lashes, looking out of the r sweet spiritual face, she seemed, some a how, the impersonation of a summer . cloud, and the character for a fancy bhall d would have suited her admirably. The y shimmering, sheeny, blue-grey dress, and r the darker grey of the shawl, cloud-like R in texture and tint, relieved by the Is sunshine of the golden rippling hair, all was in accord; and then there was something shadowy, vague, ethereal, about the girl herself, They had a good romping, up I roarious game of that old world, but ever delightful "blind man's buff," varied by the racing, sibilant "puss in the corner," first within the confines of the picture gallery, which had quite rubbed off any little feeling of stranee-r ness or timidity they may have ex perienced on entering this silent, disused part of the house, and they now raced fearlessly about that uninhabited west wing, their merry shouts startling the sleepy echoes, which woke with a drowsy, displeased growl, at having their territory Sthus rathlessly invaded. And as for ghosts, if any of these somewhat uncomfortable, uncanny tribe amicably shared the solitude of their brethren, tilhe echoes, they ltied incon tinently before the flood of life that surged through thleir domain. After nearly all hour's jubilant, unre strained play, one or two of the younger rioters were fain to cry, " Hold, enough !" The little feet were growing tired, thile young eyes ewaxing heavy, but the stronger and more turbulent spirits turned a deaf ear to those wearied ones, until Mabel came to their rescue, saying that they must give up, they had played enough for that evening; once more, thoulgh it was not her turn, she would hide, and they would find, and then all would return to the others. , Agreed," shouted the conquered ones, simultaneously. "But be sure you don't act shabby, Mob," added Dick, the eldest of the party, "and choose an easy place for thle last. Let this 'i; hide' he the best of all, or we'll cry ' gammon' and not go." " Oh, never fear," answered Mlabel, with her sweet, musical laugh. "I'll give you as nmuch trouble as ever I can ; and you ought to be very much obliged to me, you ungrateful boys, giving my self such discomfort for your tiresome sakes. I thought you said I was your captain, and I'm sure good, loyal soldiers never tell their otlicers that if they don't do just what they like they will cry ' gammon,' and not obey," "Oh, Morb, that's not fair, to catch up a fellow's words so," cried the eldest boy, dancing after her to the door, or rather great arched entrance of that long gallery ; but she ran away laughing, calling out, "Traitor I trying to watch where I am going; I defy you I' And then they heard her light foot steps in the corridor without, and Dick came back to the others to wait for the sweet shrill summons that would blid them "Seek !" They chattered in an undertone, afraid of not hearing Mabel ; but " What a row the wind did make, to be sure," grumbled the boys. It had increased msuclh int strength the last half hour, and now wailed, and sobbed, and 'plained round the old house, like despairing spirits clamouring for admission. It groaned in the wide chimneys, and shrieked through chinks of door and casement with Banshee-like utterance. A wild, tumultuous All Souls' night, and growing wilder as the night advanced. ('o be contisnued.) 