Sxto mi SfluttfwL EESSSA¥ EAOTDlft'S QUEST. BY BERTRAM. MLTFORD. Aotbor of the '* The (Ion -Runner: a Romance of Zoluland,' 'Tween Snow aod Fire,' ' Through the Zala Country : Ita Battle field* and its People,' &c; [ALL SIGHTS KE-ERVEI-. J ririPTER XV— The Midnight Foe. «' Why, it's Rensbaw !' cried Mrs. Selirood, who, hearing the boond of hoofs mingling with the barking of the dogB, had come to the door. ** We didn't expect you till to-morrow. Well, you're jaat in time. A few minutes more and we should all have gone to bed. CtJI Windvogel io take your aorse, and come in.' ?? I'U let him run ; he's abaat done up, he answered, removing saddle, bridle, and head stall, and turning the animal adrift. *' TT«n your business fallen through V1 she UKea* ma ne luuowcu uci iukj me pgoaa^c »uu cloud the door. ?* It has had to stand over. Come in here, HUda,' leading the way into an empty room. ' I hare something to tell yon. No — never mjwH the light. The fewer lights shown the better.' Then in as few words as possible he told her of the danger which hovered over them. fTiM* Selwood came of a good old colonial stock, and was not lacking in nerve. Still the woold not have been a woman had she realised the frightful peril which threatened herself and her children without a shudder. ' We moat do what we can, Rensh&w;,' she ?aid- 'Perhaps they will not attack us.' '? Perhaps is a sorry word to start cam paigning span. What we've got to do is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only that they seem to have been watching the road. I believe they have ascertained by some rn***'a or other that Chri& is away. What people have yon on the place iost now?' 'Very few. Tliere's Wiodragel and old Jacob and Gomfana. That's all' 14 Windvogel I don't trust. Shouldn't wonder, indeed, if the yellow scoundrel was iu league with them. Old Jacob has more than ooe foot in the grave — he's no good. But Gomfana, though he couldn't hit a bay suck with » gun, might make useful play with a chopper if it came to close quarters. And now Look here,' be went on, after a moment's hesitation ; ' the situation may be desperate. These seven cut-throats are fight ing with a noose round their necks. Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are all veil armed. Now is there no suggestion you can make towards strengthening the g&rri-; ' Way, oi coarse, Marian and I both know how to shoot. That makes three of us. And then we are under cover.' ' Well spoken. But I can improve on that idea — if yoo can bring yourself to agree, little chapi u they are, Fred and Basil are better shots than either of yon, and game to Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Her two little ooea ! Why, they were mere babies, bnt yesterday I And now she was to be called upon to sacrifice them — to expose them to the peril of ft desperate conflict which would fully tax the courage of grown men. *? T»J _*-!??-?. —-..j- :t it- u —u .-..-.....ft-i— i ? x o niacr not, u it coma poasioiy oe avoided,' she said, at last. 'Very welL But I'm much mistaken if the young scamps won't take the matter into tbeir own bands directly they hear u shot tired. Now, how many guns have we ? Them's mine—two of Chris's— that makes six barrels, the boys' muzzle loaders, ten barrels. Then Chris has a five-shooter ? ' ' He took that with him.' ' Did he? Well, I have a six. Altogether ve shan't do badly. And now you had better break the news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the hut to rout out Gomfana. And lose no time barricading the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that — almost ballet proof. ' Arming himself with a gun and revolver, Renshaw slipped out quietly, and made his way to the hats. Gomfana, like moat natives, slept heavily, and took a deal of waking ; and by the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He was a sturdy youngster of abont twenty — a 'raw' Kafir — that is to gay one wno has never been ont of bis native kraal. mod was stupid and ignorant of European ways. But at the prospect of a fight he grinned and brightened up. Just as they regained the house a glow diffused the sky against the mountain top, ?ad a few minutes later a broad half-moon was ?ailing high in the heavens. Renshaw hailed its appearance with a abounded satisfaction. The two girls bad already lit tbeir candles for bed when Mrs. Selwood brought the un welcome news, judiciously omittin' the ghastly tragedy, which conld only horrify without encouraging the hearers. Their method of receiving it was 19 divergent as their characters. Marian, though she ..lightly changed colour, remained perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other h&cd;, turned white as a sheet, and fairly shook with terror. It was all they could do to keep her from going into wild hysterics. ?? This sort of thing won't do at all, Mies Avory,' said Renahaw, entering at that moment ; his sable recruit hanging back in the doorway. «? Why, all you've got to do is To lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. If we exchange a shot or two that's all it a ill amount to. Come, now, I should have thought 70a would have «njoyed the excite ment of a real adventure.' Violet tried to smile, but it was the mere ghost of a smile. She stilt shivered and ?book. And Hensbaw himself seemed changed. None or his diffident lover about bun now. Re seemed in bis element at th prospect of pcriL In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian's eulogies on his coolness and resource iu an emergency- The recollection quieted her, and she looked upon him with, uuboauded respect. Then she noted ( Marian's calm and resolute demeanour, and even fancied that the look of the latter was expressive of something like conWmpt wherein she was mistaken, but the idea acted as a tonic to brace her nerves. Having seen to the firearms and ammu nition, and cautioned the women to remain where they were and allow no more light to be seen than they could help, Renshaw went the round of the house. Kffie and the two little ones were sleeping soundly, bo also were the two boys. Opening the door, he looked cautiously out. All was BtilL He had decided that the four corner rooms should be the points of defence, and the windows Accordingly irere not barricaded. The others were rendered secure by fixing against each a couple of mattresses, fhen he went back to the ladies. The house w-is now all in darkness, but the moonlight streaming iu above the protecting mattresses gave sufficient light for all purposes, 'Now good people,' he said, cheerily, ' you may all go to bed. I'll call you when I want you. 1*111 going to watch at one corner, and Gomfana will take the other. There'll be 00 catching ua napping Besides, the dogB will raise the moat awful shillalou if any one heaves in sight. ' Shakedowns had been improvised on the floor with rugs and pillows. In great measure reassured by Marian's unconcern, Violet consented to lie down. Mrs. Selwood betook herself to her children's room. The moon mounted higher and higher to the zenith, flooding the land with an eerie and chastened half light. The monotonous chirrup of the tree-frog, the shrill baying of a pair of hunting jackals, the occasional cry of a night bird mournfully echoing from the mountain sfde, floated to the watcher's ear. Unre mitting in his vigilance. Renshaw moved silently from room to room, his unerring eye scanning the ground at every point, and keep ing his sable lieutenant np to the mark, lent that that worthy should be tempted to doze. But Gomfana, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the eo counter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from the ma ip dwelling was ft hw%c on t house block, comprising stables, waggon shed, shearing house, &c;* On this point ftensbaw's attention was mainly coaceQt.rfl.ted. He felt cure that the miscreants would take advantage of the shadow of this building to creep np as near as they could. Another point that needed watching was the thick quince hedge which skirted the garden, and which now afforded a shade congenial to the assailants' movements. Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigiL Most men, brave enough in actual danger, would liave felt the 'creepy' effect of those silent hoars as they strained their eyes npon the surrounding veldt, now construing a shadow into an enemy — now hearing a whisper of voices — ihe tread of a stealthy footstep— in the varying and spectral sounds of the night. But Kenshaw's solitary and wandering life had inured him to these things. His chief considerations now were, firstly lest the drowsy feeling which he was doing his utmost to combat, should tend to dim bis vigilance ; secondlv, the f til ling of his cravings for just one carefully guarded pipe. Suddenly tbe faintest possible creak oi a footfall on the floor behind him. He turned like lightning. ** It'a only me, n whispered a soft vvice. And a tall figure approached in the gloom. ' Marian ! Why are you not lying down with the rest !' 'They're all asleep now, even Violet. Look, I've brought you some sandwiches. Yon hardly ate anything when you came in. mount sentry while yon are having sapper.' 'How stood of you,' he said, taking the plate from her, and also the class of braudy and water which ahe hud mixed for him. ' Way, what have you there '. A shooting iron ♦' ** Of course. Yoa don't suppose I was going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do j'ou *'' She carried a double-barrelled breech-loader — rifle and shot cartridge — and there was a warrior flash in her eyes visible in the moon light, which told that she meant to use it, too, if occasion req aired. 'It is very lonely for you, watching all bv yourself,' she continue J. 'I thought I would ** So like you again- Bat look bere, Marian, dear. You most not be exposed to danger. Single-handed I can make such an example of the schepsels that they'll probably turn aud run. Still, they might let fly a shot or two. Yon will go back to the others if I askyou-willyouBot?' Her heart thrilled tumultnoosly within her. In the djtrknea? she need be at no pains to conceal the tell-tale expression of her face. Ab, bat, — his tones, though aflectiouale, were merely brotherly. That mi^ht be, but still, whatever peril he might undergo it shnuM be her privilege to share it - her sweet privilege — asui she would share it. ' X© ; I will not,' she answered, decisively. ' I cati be as coo! as anyoue living, man or woman. Feel my band ; there is not a tremble in it.' And her lingers closed round his in a firm steady clasp, in which there was nothing nervous, nothing spasmodic ' I believe you can,' he answered, '-but I was thinking of your safety.' ' My safety :' sue interrupted. Then in a different tone, ' How do you suppose t bey 11 come, Ren&buw; * Walk openly to the house or try to creep up in the shadow?' 'The last. You see they showed their hand by tackling me upon the road- Yet they may think I've turned in and bothered no more about it. Hallo !'' ?? I could' Lave (Worn I heard somethlnfj. I've got long ears— like a donkey, you mil *°Both listened intently, the woman withless eaffcrness less anxiety, than tlm nun. Lnere S a kind of exaltation about MarUn to night. Her nerves were as firm as those of her male companion Mmsell ; and the certainty of a bloody conflict was to her, in her then frame of mind, a mere matter ol detail. ' Ah ! I thought I was right,' be went on, as a premonitory ? woof from one oi the dogs lying around the house was followed by a general uprising and clamour on the part of the whole lot. Then, baying savagely, they started off in full charge i= the direction ot tbe dark line of shade tlirown by die willows fringing the dam, and on the opposite side to that watched by Renshaw and his companion. ' Marian, just go to the other side and look if you can see anything. You won't, I know, bnt atill there's uo harm in making sure. She obeyed. From that side of the house nothing was visible except a long stretch of Bickly moonlight aod the line of trees. But the dogs had disappeared witbin the shade of the latter aod were raising a clamour that was truly infernal. They seemed to be hold ing something or somebody in check. Then she returned to her former post. 'There's nothing there,' she eaiJ. 'at Three Bhadowy 6gures were flitting round the angle of the oathooRe block above men tioned. They gained the shade thrown by the front of it — crouched and waited. 'Here they are,' whispered Renshaw, under nis breath. 'I was up to that dodge. One fellow was told off to draw off the dugs, while these jokers sneaked up in the opposite direction. Look — here come the rest.' Two more figures followed the first — then another. Ail were uow crouching in the shadow of tbe outhouses. Still the yelling clamour of the dogs sounded distant on the other side, kept up with unabated fury. 