ilii Anstraliiin Character Sketch. The subject of theAuetralian character sketch in the Meview of lteeieips for March is that remarkable mail, Sir-George Dibbs, Premier of ffew South Wales,tamateur blacksmith, carpenter, turner, boatbuttder, and mason. The author, Mr'.J". Tighe Ryan, concludes his readable. Sketch as follows: ■ .ij: EAUtiY TRAINING AND ADVBNTDBES. Sir George • was born on Flagstkff Hill, opposite the Sydney Observatory, ^sixty years ago, the son of Captain John Dibbs, a Scotch seatnan and Presbyterian, and i his wife an English woman, and an ad herent of the. Established Church." Both his parents had .seen the world and had had many adventures, including an attack. by pirates on a lonely sea. . For four , years George attended the .'Australian j College,^ founded by Dr. tang. At . fourteen he left school, to occupy a stool | in a merchant's office. There he received | a good commercial training ; but growing I restless, at nineteen he struck out for , himself in company witli his brother, j secured vessels* and;, traded between Newcastle, Sydney, and. . Melbourne. About 1864, when the crops, failed all over Australia, the Dibbs conceived the idea -of extending their opera tions to South . America, and George undertook to manage the interests of the firm at Valparaiso and San Francisco. ■ He left Sydney with his Wife and family, to find'when-he arrived at Oonc'eption that the colonies had rebelled against Spain. Conception was beiugbpmbarded, and when Dibbs' vessel was sighted, a blank shot was fired, the usual.signal, to heave to. Dibbs took no notice, but pro ceeded in through the -shot! and shell, which the frigate sent flying over his deckH. When he dropped his anehor, a boat with a brass gun was put off from the warship, and an officer boarded the vessel.' When asked why he had not obeyed the signal, Sir Geoige says he " replied iji the language of Queen- Caro line, 'I don't.know what .you mean.'" He was ordered'to clear out, but by ap pealing to the British consul his case was referred to the Admiral.* ' This caused a delay of fourteen{days, and in the mean-1 time Dibbs was transacting, his business, so that when the A.dmiral gave the de cision against hiui he was prepared to leave Conception. At Valparaiso he ran the blockade in a little boat wjth his wife and family aboard, and a -atormj-on his heels; at the dead hour of .'the night stealing through the war vessels, who had strict orders to sink ail intruders. His business transacted : here, i leucceeded famously. These were stirring times. Every hour brought a fresh adventure— "which surpasses anything iu dime, novels," he says. in gaol. "f',i It w;as soon after this'that he got into ■ trouble over a libel action, and upon de clining to pay the costs, which he con sidered unfair, was removed to the debtor's department in Darlinghurst Gaol. For twelve months he remained there, and he now declares that he never spent a more enjoyable time in all his life. Sir Henry Parkes, who was then Colonial Secretary, granted him a bathe, and as a token of gratitude he turned a cup, which he presented to Sir Henry. Three thousand five hundred people visited him, and ladies decorated his cell regularly with flowers. He had a sittingroom, a bedrdom j and a servant to wait upon him, and he amused himself by making boats and ornaments, reading, and. assisting to conduct a newspaper. But at the end of the twelve months he found that his liability, instead of hating vanished, was as fresh as ev er, so he paid'the costs and was set at liberty. When invited a day or two after to Government House, he said to Lady LoftusV " Ybu should be careful of what you are doing. You have asked a man who has just left gaol." " If I -had been in your place," she said, " I would have gone to gaol myself." SIB. GEORGE DIBBS AND THE QUEEN. But if-Sir George Dibbs could be only . persuaded. to .write his confessions, the most picturesque chapter in ah exciting Ibook would be—" How I became the Lion of London." I can "only give a weak description of his interviews with the Queen. Lord; Knutsford presented him to her Majesty, at Buckitigliam Palace, where he had the honor of 'answering her many Inquiries about thfe" people%f Aus tralia. She introduced -hitti ( tOi jpne of her daughters. The Queien being in mourning, wore a plain black dress. Sir George was charmed with, her simple manners. "I afterwards went to the Isle of Wight," he said, "and drove with Lord Knutsford to the palace in the royal carriage. Lord Knutsford announced me to her Majesty. I went down on one knee, and she asked General Byng for his sword. He offered her the uniform dress sword, but she requested him to present his own sword instead. She then took the sword, and, touching my- head and shoulder, said, 'In the name of tne Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, arise Sir George Dibbs.' She then invested me with the gold collar, and handed me the .star. The ceremony over, I had another conversation with her Majesty. Finally, I kissed her hand and bowed out of the room."" ■ He, of course, associated with' all the princes, social queens, and the leading statesmen' and financial sovereigns of Europe. Baron Rothschild said, " You in the colonies are. always ready, to borrow money, but you are making no provision to pay it back." He then .made up his mind to establish a sinking fund in New South Wales. What struck' hiin most about English, society was" the total absence of "side." "The higher you ascend," he said, " the simpler and more charming the people become." SIB GEORGE AS , A. PREMIER. The political life of Sir George Dibbs is a matter of history. "I have always been fighting," hei said, " and since I took office I have had to stand at my post-, sword in hand." "Payment of mem bers," he told me on another occasion, "is as bad as the Irish potato rot." To that he attributes the low standard of Parlia mentary life in New South Wales. In the Cabinet, I have heard his Ministers say, he proves himBelf an ideal chief. He does not perhaps, " see things steadily and Bee them whole," but lie. is^ways ready to listen to even "the0 humblest of his members, and is always amenable to reason. He decides promptly, and carries his resolutions into effect with$ie energy and determination of his character. He must face the tnuBic of- a general election in June. "Federation is the only thing worth fighting for in- our politics," says Mr. Barton; but Sir George'Dibbs is opposed to Federation. Hei would ad vocate unification, placing all the colonies under one central Government and one Governor. Whether, the electors return Sir George Dibbs to power or. reject him, | he is likely to be for some years a great force in the political life of Australia. 