THE BOREDR OF STUBLET GBAHGE. A DOCTOR'S STORY. I was in my consulting-room one morning, end had just said good-bye to the last of my patients, when my'servant came in and told me that a lady had called who pressed very earnestly for an interview with me. " 1 told her thatyou were just going out, sir,” said ihe'man, “and she saw the carriage at the door ; but she begged to see you, if only for two mtfntes. This is her card. ” X read the words, “ Lady Studley.” “ Show her in,” I said hastily, and the next momenta tall, slightly-made, fair-haired girl entered the room. She looked very young, scarcely more than twenty, and I could hardly believe that she was, what her card indicated, a married "woman. The color rushed into her cheeks as she held out her hand to me. X motioned her to a chair, and then asked her what I could do . for her. ] “ Oh, you cau help me," she said, clasping her hands and speaking in a slightly theatrical manner, “ily husband, Sir Henry Studley, is very unwell, and I want you to come to see him—oan you?—will you?" “ With pleasure,” I replied. “Where do you live ?” “ At Studley Grange, in Wiltshire. Don’t you know our place ?” “ I daresay I ought to know it,” 1 replied, “ although at the present moment I can’t recall the name. You want me to come to eee your husband. I presume you wish me to have a consultation with his medical at tendant?" No, no, not at all. The fact is, Sir Henry has not got a mediealattendnni. He dislikes doctors, and won’t see one. I want you to oome and slay with us for a week or so. I have heard of you through mutnal friends— the Onslows. I know you can effect remark able cures, and you have a great deal of tact. Bat you can’t possibly do anything for my husband unless you are willing to slay in the house and to notice hie symptoms.” Lady Studley spoke with great emphasis and earnestness. Her long, slender handB were clasped tightly together. She had drawn off her gloves, and was bending forwa7din her chair. Her tig, childish and somewhat restless blue eyes -were fixed im ploringly on my lace. “ I love my "husband,” she said, tears sud denly filling them—and it is dreadful, dreadful, to soa him suffer as he does. He will die unless someone comes to his aid. Oh, I know I am asking an immense thing, when 1 beg of you to leave a!) your paiicntB and come to the country. But we can pay. Money is no object whatever to us. We can, we will, gladly pay you fer your sei “ I must think the matter over,’’ I said. *' You flatter me by wishing for me, and by believing that I can render you assistance, but I cannot take a step of this kind in a harry. I will v-rite to you by to-night’s post if yon will give me your address. In the meantime, kindly tell me some of the symptoms of Sir Henry’s malady.” “ I fear it is a malady of the mind,” she onswered immediately, “ but it is of so vivid and so startling a character, that unless relief is soon obtained, the body mutt give way under the strain. You Eee that I am very young, Dr Halifax. Perhaps I look younger than I am—my age is twenty-two. My husband is twenty years my senior. He would, however, he considered by most people still a young man. lie is a great scholar, and has always had more or less the habits of a recluse. • He is fond of living in his library, and likes nothing better than to bo surrounded by books of ell sorts. Every modern book worth reading ie. forwarded to him by its publisher. He is a very interest ing man and a brilliant conversationalist. Perhaps I ought to put all this in The past tense, for now he scarcely ever speak6—he reads next to nothing—it is difficult to per suade him to eat—he will not leave the house —he used to have a rather ruddy complexion —he is now deadly pale and terribly ema ciated. He sighs in the most heartrending manner, and seems to be in a state of ex treme nervous tension. -In short, he is very ill, and yet he seems to have no bodily disease. His -eyes have a terribly startled expression in them—hit hand trem bles so that he can scarcely raise a cup of tea to his lips. In short, he looks like a man who has seen a ghost.” “ When did these symptoms begin to ap pear?" I asked. “It is mid winter now,” said Lady Studley. “ The queer symptoms began to show themselves in my husband in October. They have been growing worse end worse. In short, f can stand them no longer,” she continued, giving way to a short, hysterical sob. “ I felt I must come to someone—I have heard of you. Do, do eome and save ns. Do come and find oat what is the matter with my wretched husband.” *' I will write to you to-night,” I said, in as hind a voice as X could master, for the pretty anxiouB wife interested me already. “ It may not he post ible for mo to stay at Studley Grange for a week, hut in any easel can pro mise to come and see the patient. One visit. will probably be sufficient—what your hus band wants is, no doubt, complete change." “ Oh, yes, yes,” she replied, standing up ' now. “ I have said so scores of times, but Sir Henry won’t stir from Studley—nothing ! will induce him to go away. Ho won’t even leave his own special bedroom, although I expect he has dreadful nights." Two hectic spots burnt in ber cheeks as she spoke. I looked at her attentively. • “ You will forgive me for speaking,” I said, hut you do not look at all well yourself. 1 should like to prescribe for you bb well as your husband." “Thank you,” she answered, “ I am not very strong. I never have been, but that is nothing—1 mean that my health is not a thing of consequence at present. Well, I must not take up any more of your time. 1 shall expect to get a letter from you to morrow morning. Please address it to Lady Studley, Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria.” She touched my hand with fingers that bamt like a living coal and loft the room. 1 thought her very ill, and was sure that if I could see my way to sponding a week at Studley Grange, 1 should have two patients instead of one. It is always difficult for a busy doctor to leave home, but after carefully thinking matters over, I resolved to comply Accordantly, two days later saw me onmy way to Wiltshire and to Studley Grange. A brougham with two smart horses was waitiaz nt the station. To my surprise I saw that Lady Studley had come herself to fetch me. “ X don’t know how to thank yon, she ssid, giving me a feverish clasp of her hand. “Your visit fills me with tope—I believe that you will discover what is really wrong. Home !" she said, giving a quick, imperious direction to tho footman who appeared at the window,of the carriage. We bowled forward at a rapid pace, and she continued:— “ I came to meet you to-day to tel! you that I have need a little guile with regard to yonr visit. I have not told Sir Henry that you are coming here in the capacity of a doctor." Here she caused and gave me one of her restless glances. “ Do yoc mind ?”ehe asked. “ What have you jaid about me to Sir Henry ?” I inquired. “ That you are a great friend of the Onslows, and that I have asked you here for a week’s change,’’ she answered immediately. “ As a guest, my husband will he polite and delightful to you—as a doctor; he would treat you with scant civility, and would probably give you little or none of his confidence.” X was quite silent for a moment niter Lady Studley had told me this. Then I.said:— “ Had I known that I wat not to eome to your house in the capacity of a medical man, X might have re-considered my earnest .desire to help yon.” She turned very pale when I said this, aad tears filled her eyesf Never mind,” I said now, for I could not bnt be touched but by her extremely pathetio «nd scjSerinjr fey the look £>f gJWt illness which was manifested in every glance. “ Never mind now; I am glad you have told me exactly the terms on which you wish me to approach your husband ; but I think that I can bo put matters to Sir Henry that he will be glad to coneult me in my medical capacity." “ Ob, hut he does not oven know that I suspect his illness. It wonld never do for him to know. I suspect ! 1 see ! I fear! but 1 say nothing. Sir Henry would bo much more miserable than he is now, if he thought that 1 guessed that there is anything wrong with him.” ” It is impossible for me to oome to tho Grango except as a medical man," I an swered firmly, “ I will tell Sir Henry that you ha re seen somo changes in him, and havo asked me to visit him as adootor. Please trust me. Nothing will be said to j vour husband that can make matters at all uncomfortable for you.” Lady Studley did not venture any further remonstrance, and we now approaohed the old Grange. . It was an irregular pile, built evidently according to tho wants of the dif ferent families who had lived in it. The building was long and rambling, with rows of windows filled up with panes ol lattice glass. In front of the house was a sweeping lawn, whioh, even at this time of the year, presented a vel vety and well-kept appearanoe. Wo drove [ rapidly round to the entrance door, and a moment later I found myself in the presence I of my host and patient. Sir Henry Studley j was a toll man with a very slight stoop, and an aquiline nose and rather noble face. His eyes were dark, and his forehead inolined to bo bald. There was a courtly, old-world sort of look about him. He greeted me with ex treme friendliness, and we went into the hall, a very large and lofty apartment, lo j Lady Studley was vivacious and lively in the extreme- Whilo she talked the heotic spots came out again on her cheeks. Mv un easiness about her increased aa I noticed these symptoms. I felt oertain that she was not only consumptive, but in all probability l she was even now the victim of an advanced stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious j abouc her than about her husband, who ap peared to mo at that moment to be nothing more than 8 somewhat nervous and hypochon driacal peraon. This state of things seemed easv to account for in a scholar and a man of sedentary habits. I remarked about the age of the bonse, and n>y host beocme interested, and told me one or two storiee of tho old inhabitants of the Grange. Ho said that to-morrow he would have much pleasure in taking mo over the building. 44 Have you a guoat here ? I asked, \mu a I don't know what prompted me to ask the question. Ike moment I did eo Sir Henry turned white to hie lips, and Lady Studley held up a warning finger to me to intimate that I was on dangerous ground. I felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion into safer channels. Inadvertently I had touched on a core spot. I scarcely regretted having done so, aa the flash in the baronet’s troubled eyes, nnd the extreme, agitation of his face, showed me plainly that Lady Studley web right when she spoke of hie nerves being in a very- irritable con dition. Of course, I did not believe in ghosts, and wondered that a man of Sir Henry’s calibre could he at all under the in fluence of this old-world fear. “ I am sorry that we have no one to meet you,” ho said, after a few remarks of a oom mcnplace character had divided ns from the ghoBt question. “ But to- morrow several friends are coming, and we hope you will havo a pleasant time. Are you fond of hunt I answered that I used to be in tho old days, before medicine and patients occupied all mv thoughts. “If this open weather continues, I can profcRbiy give you some of your favorite pas time," rejoined Sir Henry ; “and now per haps you would like to be shown to your My bedroom was m a modem wing of the house, and looked as cheerful and asnnghost JikeaB it was possible for a room to ho. I did not rejoin my host and hostess until dinner rime. Wo had a sociable little meal, at which nothing of any Importance occurred, and' shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Studley left Sir Henry and mo to ourselves. She gave me another warning glanoe as she left the room. I had already quite made up my mind, however, to tell Sir Henry the motive of my visit. Ihe moment the door closed behind his wife, he started up and asked me if I would mind coming with him into hie library. “The fact is,” he said, “I am parti cularly glad you have come down. I want to have a talk with ycu about my wife. She is extremely unwell." I signified my willingness to listeu to any thing Sir Henry might Eay, and in a few minutes we found ourselves comfortably established in a splendid old room, completely clothed with books from ceiling to floor. “These are my treasures,’ ’ Baid the baronet, waving his hand iu the direction of an old bookcase, which oontained, I saw at a glance, some very rare and precious first editions. “ These are my friends, the companions of «y hours of solitude. Now sit down, Dr alifax ; make yourself athome. You have come here as a guest, but I have heard of you before, and am inclined to confide in you. I must frankly say that I hate your profession as a rale. I don’t believe in the omniscience of medical men, but moments come in the lives of all men when it is necessary to unburden the mind to another. May I give you my confidence ?” “ One moment first,” Isaid. “I can’t deceive you, Sir Henry. I have come here, not in the capacity of a guest, hut bb yonr wife's medical man. She has been anxious about you, and she begged of me to come and stay here for a few. days in order to render you any medical assistance within roy j power. I only knew, on my way here to-day, that she h3d not acquainted yon with the nature of my visit.” While I was speaking, Sir Henry’s face became extremely watchful, eager and “This is remarkable,” he said. “So Lucilla is 3nxious about me?. I was not aware that I ever gave her the least cine to the fact that I am not -in perfect health. This is very strange—it troubles me.’’ He looked agitated. He placed one long, j thin hand on the little table which stood near, and pouring out a glasa of wine, drank it oil. I 1 noticed aa he did bo the nervons trembling of his hand. I glanced at his face, and saw that it waB thin to emaciation. “ Well,’’ he said, “I am obliged to you for being perfeotly frank with me. My wife scarcely did well to conceal the object of your visit. But now that you have come, I shall make use of you both for myself and for “ Then yon are not well? ” I asked. ‘1 Well! " he answered, with almost a shout. “Good God, no! I think 1 am going mad. I know—I know that unloss relief soon comeB I shall die or become a raving mEniae.” “No,nothing of the kind;” I answered, •soothingly ; “you probably waut chance. This is a fine old house, but dull, no doubt, in winter. Why don’t you go away?—to the Bivicra, or some other place where there is plenty of sunshine ? Why do you stay here ? The air of this place is too damp to be good for either you or your wife. Sir Henry sat silent for a moment, then he , said, in a terse voioe:— “Perhapsyou will advise me what to do after yon know the nature of the malady which affiiots me. First of all, however, I wish to speak of my wite.’’ _ “ 1 am ready to listen, I replied. “Yon sec,” he oontinued, “that ehe is very delicate f" ... “Yes," I replied; “to he frank with you, I should say that Lady Studley was eon imntive. He started when I said this, and pressed is lips firmly together. After a moment he ,°*tyou are right,” he replied. “ I had her cammed by a medical man—Sir Joseph aobai>—when I was last in London; he id bet lunga were considerably affected, id t&afy; jo short, she was f*r from welL “ Did he not order yon to winter abroad?” “ He did, but L«ady Studley opposed the idea so strenuously that 1 was obliged to yield to her entreaties. Consumption does not seem to take quite the ordinary form with her. Che is restless, she longs for cool air, she goos out on quite cola days, in a dosed carriage, it is true. Still, exoept at night,she does not regard herself in any sense as an invalid. She has immense spirit—I think she will keep up until she dies.” “Yon speak of her being an invalid at night,” I replied. “What archer symp Sir Henry shuddered quite visibly. “Oh, those awful nights,” he answered. “How happy would many poor mor tala be but for the terrible time of darkness. Lady Studley _ had dreadful nights for some time;. perspirations, conghhrostlesBness, bad dreams and all the rest of it. But I must hasten to tell you my story quite briefly. In the be ginning of October wo Haw Sir Joseph Dun bar. 1 should then, by his advice, have taken Lady Studley to the Riviera, but she opposed the idea with snob passion and dis tress, that I abandoned it.’’ Sir Henry paused here, and I looked at him attentively, I remembered at that moment what Lady Stndley had said ahont her liasband refusing to leave the Grange under any circumstances. What a strange game of cross-purposes these two were play ing. How was it poBBible for me to get at the truth ? “ At my wife’s earnest request,” continued Sir Henry, “we returned to the Grange.She declared her firm intention of remaining here nntil she died. “ Soon after our retnmshe suggested that we should oooupy separate rooms at night, reminding me, when she made the request, of the infectious nature of consumption. I complied with her wish on condition that X alopt in the room next hors, and that on the smallest emergency I should be sum moned to her aid. This arrangement was made, and her room opens into mine. I have sometimes heard her moving about at night—I have often heard her cough, and I hare often heard her sigh. But she has never once sent for me, or given me to understand that she required my aid. She does not think horself very ill, and nothing worries her moro than to have her malady spoken about. That is the part of the story which relates to my wife.” “ Sho is very ill,” I said. “ But I will speak of that presently. Now, will you favor me with an account oi your own symptoms, Sir Henry . He started again when I Baid this, and going across the room, looked the door and put the key in his pocket. “ Perhaps you will laugh at mo,” he said, “ hut it is no laughing matter, I assure you Tho most terrible, the most awful affliction has come to me. In short, I am visited nightly by an appalling apparition. Yon don’t believoin ghosts, I judge that by yonr face. Few scientific men do.” “Frankly, I do not," I replied. “ So oalled ghoBts can generally be accounted for. At the most they are onl v the figments of an over-exoited or diseased twain." “ Be that as it may,” said Sir Henry,“the diseased brain can give such torture to its viotim that death is preferable. All my life I have been what I consider a healthy-minded man. I have plenty of money, and have never been troubled with tho oares which torture men of commerce, or of small means. When I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most lucky and the happiest of mortals.” “Forgive a personal question,’ I inter rupted. Has yonr marriage disappointed “ No, no ; far from it,” ho replied with fervor. “ I love my dear wife better and more deeply even than the day when I took her as a bride to my arms. It is true that I am weighed down with sorrow abouther, bnt that is entirely owing to the state ot her health.” “ It is strange,” I said, “ that she should be weighed down with sorrow abont you for the same cause. Have you told her of the thing whioh terrifies you ?” “ Never, never. I have never spoken of it to mortal. It is remarkable that my wife should have told you that I looked like a man who had seen a ghost. Alas ! alas ! But let me tell yon tho oanse of my shattered nerves and failing health.” “Pray do, 1 shall listen attentively," I re “ Ob, doctor, that I could make yon feel the horror of it!” said Sir Henry, bending forward and looking into .my eyes.. “Three months ago 1 no more believed in visitations, in apparitions, in eo-oalled ghosts, than you do. Were yon tried as lam, yoursoeptioism would reoeive a shook. Let me tell you what occurs. Night after night Lady Studleyandl retire to rest at the same hour. We say good night, aud lay our heads on our separate pil lows. The door of communication between us is shut. She has a night light in her room— I prefer darkness. I elose my eyes and pre pare for slumber. As a rule I fall asleep. My sleep is of short duration. I awake with beads of perspiration standing on my fore head, with my heart thumping heavily and with every nerve wide awake, and waiting for the horror which will come. Sometimes I wait half an honr —sometimes longer. Then I know by afaint ticking sound in tho darkness that the Thing, for lcanolothe it with no name, is about to visit me. In a certain spot of the room always in the same spot, a bright light suddenly flashes; out of its midst there gleams a pret ematurally large ey o, which looks fixedly at me with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long; bnt as agony oonnts,it seems to take yeara of my life away with it.. It fades as suddenly into grey mist and nothingness as it comes, and, wet with perspiration, and struggling to keep back screams of mad terror, I bury my head in the bed- clothes.” “ But have you never tried to investigate this thiDg ?” I said. “ I didst first. The first night I saw it, I rushed out of bed and made for tbe spot. It disappeared at once. I struck a light—there was nothing whatever in the room.” u Why did you sleep in that room ?” “ I must not go away from Lady Studley. My terror is that she should know anything of thiB—my greater terror is that the appa rition, failing me, may visit her. I daresay you think I’m a fool, Halifax; but the fact is, thiB thing is killing me, brave man as I consider myself.” * ‘ Do you see it every night ? ” I asked. “ Not quite every night, bat sometimes on the same nightlt comes twtoe. 7 Somefmec it will not oome at all for two nights, or even three. It is the most ghastly, tho moat hor rible form of torture that oonld hurry a sane man into his grave or into a madhouse.” 111 have not tho least Bhadow of doubt,” I said, after a pause, “ that the thing can be accounted for.” Sir Henry shook his head. “No, no,” he replied, “it is either as you cuggest, a figment of my own diseased brain, and therefore just as horrible as . a real 'apparition; or it is a supernatural visitation.. Whether it exists or not, it is reality tome aud in no way a dream. The full horror of it is present with me in my waking^moments.” “ Do you think anyone' is playing an awfnl practical joke 1” I suggested. “ Certainly not. What object can anyone have in soaring mo to death ? Besides, there is no one in the room, that I can ewear. My outer door is locked, Lady Studley’s onter door is looked. Itis impossible thatthereosn be any triokery in the matter.” I eaid nothing for a moment. I no more believed in ghosts than 1 ever did, hut I felt certain that there was grave naischief at work. Sir Henry most be the victim of a hallucina tion. This might only be caused by functional disturbance of the brain, bnt it was quite serious enongh to call for immedi ate attention. The first thing to do was to find out whether the apjJorition oould be accounted for in any material way, or if it were dneto the state of Sir Henry’s nerves. I began to ask him certain questions, going fully into tbe case in all its bearings. I then examined his eves with the ophthalmoscope. The result of this was to assure me beyond doubt that Sir Honrv Stndley was in a highly nervous condition, although I could detect no trace of brain disease. t “Do you wind taking me to your room.? * I laid. “Not to-night,1'’ he ans~ere2. “It is late, and Lady Studley might expreaa ear prise. The object of my life is to conoeal | this horror from her. When she is out to morrow you shall come to the room and judge for yourself.” <• Well,’’ I said, “ I shall have an interview with your wife to-morrow, and urge her most strongly to consent to leave the Grange and go away with you.” Shortly afterwards we retired to rest, or what went by the name of rest in that sad houBe, with ita troubled inmates. I must confess that, comfortable as my room was, I slept very little. Sir Henry’s story stayed with me all through the hours of darkness. I am neither nervous nor imaginative, but I could not help seeing that terrible eye, even in my dreams. I met my host and hostess at an early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed that as the i day was warm and fine, I should ride to a neighboring meet. I was not in the humor for thus, however, cud Esid frankly that I should prefer remaining at the Grange. One glance into the faceB of my host and hostess told me onlytoo plainly that I had two very serious patients on my hands. Lady Stndley looked terribly weak and excited—the hectic spots on her cheeks, the gleaming glitter of her eyes, the parched lips, the long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the strides the malady under which she was suffering was making. “ After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad,”1 said to myself. “ She is hasten ing rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth oan save her. She looks as if there were extensive disease of the lunge. How restless her eyes are, too ! I would much rather testify to Sir Henry’s sanity than to Sir Henry Stndley also bore traces of a sleepless night—his face was bloodless ; he t averted his eyes from mine ; he ate next to nothing. (to be continued.) 