AMUSEMENTS. There was a good house at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening when "The Forty Thieves" was again produced. The auditory ' was warmly enthusiastic, and the applause that was freely given was abundantly merited. - The last three perforraanoea of the "Forty Thieves" are announced, and after Monday night this piece will be removed. There will be two performances to-day, tbe special children's matinee, commencing at 2 o'clock, and the usual evening performance at 7.46. ' The doors for tbe matinee will be opened •? : 1.30, and the performance will terminate 'at ; little before 5. A large number of seats hava . been secured, and there ie enre to be s crowded house. On Tuesday night the management' will produce (by special request) last year's success, "Aladdin,"withaUtheoriginalefieots, and several novelties, including the latest London craze, the new comio song, "Linger Longer Loo." "Snared " was repeated at Hudson's Bijou on Friday evening, and die audience was again heartily responsive. This evening a new programme will be presented including "Ici on Parlait Franoais" and Lover's " Happy Man," and there ought to be a good house. There should be a big attendance at to night's " Continentals," at which Miss Amelia Banks is to sing "Aye Maria," adapted to the celebrated intermezzo from "CavaUeria Kustioana," with instrumental accompani ments. This will also be the last appearance of the tenor, Mr. Feed Smith, and Mr. Phil Langdale, and those who have not yet had the pleasure of listening to Mr. Langdale's srtastao eccentricitifls should not miss this opportunity. As usual the programme supplied by Mr. I". Basse is excellent. The Kastern Suburban Band will give a number of selections. The Cyoloxama and Palace of Wooden is the new title of the pruparliy of the Cydorama Company. In addition to the new illusion of "Napoleon'e Ghost" the management annonnce a greater novelty bearing the name of "Hyd?tapilrilamina," or "Tee Enchanted Fountain," which will be prodnced in combi nation with tbe "Battle of Waterloo 9' and 1' Napoleon's Ghost." The new attraction has been in hand for some days, and it will be prodnoed At the Gyolorama next week for the first time. Mr., Looktey having seen the charming effects prodnoed by the wonderfal fountains at the Inventions Exhibition in London, and through numerous sugges tions has managed to secure flbmeshiug' almost equally as good though perhaps on not quite bo large a scale for the Cydo rama. This should be one of the greatest attractions in Adelaide, and there win cer tainly be a good evening's entertainment at this papular resort. The City Volunteer Band wen to have given a concert at the Rotunda' on Friday evening-, but owing to the tough weather tbe attempt bad to be abandoned. 