FREE-TRADE "FLAMS." Iti liko allying tho ilain. Tor tlit gbozta of (load lios riso nod gibber just m did Banqoo ghost. Tho Liberal politician at election time may always utter Macbeth'® complaint — Tho thno litis boon That when the brains wero out tho thing would die, Ami thero an end ; but now tlioy riso again. Brainlopsi tlioy rise, but not voiccleee. They queale and rant tho old stale cant. Mr. "Whoel-r told tiia couaUtuonta at Dnyles- ford that it in quite untrue that Victorian rail way freights are higher than thoso of Now South "Wales. Ito ia politely told in tlio print of rail way xHtidor that ho U cither a fool or a liar. And yet he said tho literal truth, and the jour nal whioh h daily aayiug tho contrary iu but pro ducing figures in order to falsify fnclr. "We arc told again and again, with nbsoluto mendacity in the statement, that tbo New South Wale minimum ii 0£d. per ton prr mile, and that victoria's is Id. The following official .Utemont of tbo olinrges in tho mother colony will completely stato tho facts on that head Percentage of oach cla to total tonnage. Hay, straw and chaff .. .. 0.4Gd. .. 2.20 t«rain. flour, Ac. .. . 0.63d. .. 6.94 Coal and ehalo 0.72d. .. 67.31 Mtacellnneou nnd A class .. 0.84(1. .. 8.72 Firewood 0.86d. .. 5.52 Tho' noxt higher rates are : — . Lit© stock .. .. 2.00(1. .. 4.43 Wool 2.48d. .. 3.44 Ccncral goods 2.58U. 11.44 Inspection of tlieBO figures shows that only 2.20 j.sr cent, cf the tuffic U carried at less than OJd.; and comparisons show that Victorian rates aro not in exoosB of the New South "Wales standard. There is no meeting, facts liko theso except by suppressing tham and tolling n half truth, whioh is " the very worst kind of lie." . For, as tho poet says— A lio that is all a lio may bo met and fought with outright, But u lio that is half a truth U a harder mattor to light. Tho farmer is constantly told theso villainous half truths about the railways. As a fact, in agricultural implements Victoria's rates are much lower than those of New South "Wales, and in seed and roots also the difference is in favor of tho Victorian farmer. "We give other instances, as below Now South Miles. Wales. Victoria. a. d. s. d. CheeaA / 25 10 0 8 3 Cheese .. m 87 0 65 0 .J 50 6 0 6 6 Barley .500 24 2 19 0 Wire f 25 11 11 5 3 Ulr0 "t 300 103 0 65 0 And then, in the matter of wheat rates, about which so mnoh misrepresentation has been p.ut forward, the following table will show that the New South "Wales ratos are lower than ours by a difference whioh ia utterly insignificant Rates Per Ton. New South New South Victoria. Miles. Wales. Wales. 2 Tons or 6 Tons. 1 Ton. Upwards. a. d. s. d. ft. d. 25 .... 2 7 2 7 3 6 50 .. .. 4 10 5 0 5 6 75 .... 6 11 7 1 7 6 100 .... 8 4 9 0 9 4 125 .... 9 2 10 8 10 8 150 .. .. 10 0 12 0 12 4 175 .. .. 10 10 13 3 14 4 200 .. .. 11 8 14 6 16 4 225 .. 12 6 lb b 17 7 250 .. .. 13 0 lb b 18 0 275 .. .. 13 6 17 b 18 7 300 .. .. 14 0 18 6 19 0 Mr. Frank Madden says that " gross misman ngement of the railways has driven the traffic on to the roads." The political ignorance ot the member for the Eastern Suburbs has been a marvol ever since lio opened his mouth first in Parliament. Ab a matter of faot there Is no nndue traffic on the roads that should be on the railways. Tho condition of things is the normal one known to all railway men. Every effort Is constantly made to bring failure to the railways or to asperse the lines. This is the way the extreme Conservative trickstors have of restoring confidence. They have been restoring oonfidenco in tho same way for tho last three years. "When they could not get their way at the railways, they started ' second olass railway leagues" and waggons on tho roads, in order to reduce railway re- veriue. It requires very little influence to destroy confidence nnd to destroy revenue from coming in. But to build up, it requires a vast amount of influence.' The tricksters saw that tlioy had no powor to do good, but saw thoir power in doing evil to the community, and as they have had ovor three years of an innings, the country will now put a check on them from doing further mischief. It ia just the samo in the Custom House. The rage for mis-statement has got beyond the control of Conservative strength. The triokiters say, "Reduco custom duties and thus increase revenue. Customs duties in Victoria with a high tariff is only £1 7s. 6d. per head, and New South "Wales, with a low tariff, £1 14a. Id. per head." When the tricksters wanted to use the figures in a different way it was easily dons. A few years ago it was said by tbern that high duties were bringing in too much revenue. Victorians, they told us, were the heaviest taxed community in any of the colonics by the high duties. Victorians were paying about £3 per head through the customs, while the people iu the other colonies with low duties were not paying much more than half. It is the old story, high or low, whichever seems 10 suic lue moment, av one tune tne tariff brings in too much ; .at anothor time too little. The customs revsnue, in spite of the " high duties," is on the increase, and instead of £17. 6d. per head the last few weeks will show that we are on the upward grade, and over £2 per head is flowing into tho Treasury from the customs. Here is a chance tor the triokstors to change their method of dealing with figures, and go back to the old storythat "high duties bring in too much revenue." " Free the producer !" No sonsiblo man can hear this ridiculous phrase repeated, parrot like, day after day, without being reminded of good old Dr. Johnson and his advice— "Free your mind from cant, madame. Above all things, free your mind of cant 1" For really this catoh- cry is a piece of the most arrant cant that a mero election tout can devise. Wo arc not told who the "producer " is, nor what we havo to frco him from, except certain things spoken of as "burdens." On this phase of the contro versy a local jiugler has taken down his banjo and thrummed out the following : — " Lot's freo the producer ! " cries Shylock and chinks The 15 per cent, ho concurred In. "Yea, free him !" shouts Demos, "that's just what I thinks, Strike off every shackle that rattles and clluks And hampers tlio man as a burden. I'll say what they aro if You like. Not tho Tariff. I know just a few. Now, do you, sir ? High rents, 12 per cents, and you usury gents.— " Let's free tho producer ! " tho Swoater"exclaims From tho den that liis victims are heard'ln, Whence the groanB and the moans come in dolorous tones, That lifo is a hideous burden. "Yes, freo bhn ! Just see him I" Tho Lib'ral replies. , "I'm ready. Are you roady, too, sir? The man who produces cheap boots for your uses I reckon a brother producer." ; Let's free tho producer J" cries Langton ; "destroy The accursed protection wo'vo erred In. Free-trade Is tho blade which in England has mado The laboror free of his burden." Comes an agonised wall from the work house and gaol— 11 Three millions of wretchos denounce tho false tale. We're 1 submerged 1' Do you think you aay true, sir, Why, man in his prime sinks in crime and in grimo, The sport of the rich, the accurst of tho time, Blasting and blasted in poverty's slime, Because they have nothing to do, sir ! " Mr. Frank Madden will reduce the tariff or dio in the attempt. Magnificent I It is certain that he will have no power at all in reduoing tho tariff, for he is a political nullity; but no ono will grudge him the other luxury. Mr. Maddook, of Prahran, labels himself 11 a free-trader, sir. That's what I am," We might have guessed it without being told. He has tlm knowledge of one. He was asked by some one who seems to have known htm, and thought the precaution necessary, to guarantee his good con duct Uy depositing £1000. He anawc/.'J Yqs, in American greenbacks," meaning that those forms of paper monoy are worthless. Ho doesn't know evidontiy that nn American greenback is worth as muoh as a Bank of England noto of the name face value. So muoli for tha people who seek to mako froe-trado laws for . the public! What tho Manchester textile organ says on tlio Cohdotiite rclapso: — - , ' Cobdcn and Company Limited dreamt of universal free-trade. Tho projectors of the Tower of Eabol also imagined vain things. Doth were disappointed. Cobden's beautiful theories have beon trampled undor foot and figuratively spat upon." Tho struggling manufacturers of to-day think vory little of the froe-trade prophets who aro looked up to for guldanoo by the Man- ' fucstsr sohopl. The great champions of free-trade, regarded by the " school" as the gods of latter-day poli tical economy, never met with brilliant succoss when engaged aa manufacturers on their own account. The programme adopted at the opening of the great freo-trndo fizzle in 1876, at the memor able solrde hold at Hockin's Hotel, was "tlwgra dual extinction of protectod industries." Mr. Murray Smith in the crusade earned the title of M the extinguisher." Under a new name the crusade against local industrios has been rooominenccd. What tlio froe-trado journal has said in the past in favor of the farmers : — Victoria is not a wheat growing country. A protective duty is useless. Victoria cannot grow barley. Victoria cannot grow milling oats Victoria onnnot grow maizo. Victoria oannot grow hops. Our farmers havo been proteottd, with the result that they not only supply fully local wants, but export their surplus. "It had pleased tho Almighty to make Vie toriu o country ill adapted for barley growing, and no extent of protoctive duties would accom plish the miracle of reversing that state of thingn." — Treasurer Carter's views, 30th Sep-- lember, 1879. "Protection is tho national polloy of Canada." —Tbo late Sir John Macdonald. " A tariff on foreign products is necessary to this country."— Last words from Manchester. Free-trade in Lancashire, the gradual reduc tion in wages, and reduction in earning hours. 