| The Crystal Grazer. I : Mrs. Patten Jnckson suffered from J rheumatism, and a trio of doctors in consultation ordered her to Homburg ; in July to take the waters.- Now, it so chanced that her daughter Betty had during the month ox June lost her heart in tho most absurd and old- fpshioned mannor imaginable to Captnin Jack Marriott, of the 24th Ilussars, but as the gay soldier lmcl not. yet declared his in tentions, Betty's heart was very : feverish within her when she realised i: that she would be forced to leave | London before she could have the | supreme felicity of hearing Captain \ Jack tell her definitely that he loved | her. -It is : true that ho nover = lost an opportunity of hinting I at his suppressed adoration, but, I as every woman knows, that is a very different thing indeed from a downright comfortable and satisfac tory proposal of marriage. For though the birds in the air are apt to warble far more sweetly than the captured bird in the hand, they are liablo to fly away at the approach of a storm of rain or flit to other climes at the com- 1 mcncement of wintry weather. I ' So poor iitte Betty was in despair, I and dropped several scalding tears into I the big dress bosket into_. which she I - packed the pretty summer dress that had been specially created for that happy week at Henley, which sho had so confidently expected would prove to be the turning-point of Iter life. Betty's feelings during the three days previous to hor journey to Homburg were very brittle, and she dreaded her mother knowing or even suspecting anything of her anxious little hopes, Yet she did not leave London without making one effort to escape the journey by imploring to be left with her mar ried sister in London for the last few weeks of the season ; but, as the only excuse that sho could (or rather would) plead was the disappointment of mis sing her week of expected pleasure at Henley, her mother's five sisters all came to lunch and tea in turns, and hinted so broadly atBetty's heartlessncss in deserting her widowed mother when she was ailing and needed her com panionship, that Betty then and there abandoned all hope, bought a grey dust cloak, and started with her mother and the elderly female maid for Homburg ; feeling very envious of Eve, who, when she was turned out of Paradise, had at any rate the comfort of Adam's companionship, forBetty was in that blissfulstateoffirstlove whentho r sandiest desert would have blossomed scented roses for her if her love had beon beside her. (And as she was ex ceedingly young and new to the pas time of love-making sho did not realise how arid tho desert would have ap peared to her handsome Hussar after, say, the first twelve hours of wander ing there in her company. ) With tho impetuosity of youth, in leaving Lon don, Betty left hope also behind her, and told herself, as the train glided . through the grimy suburbs on its way to Dover, that she should now have to live alone-— alone for the rest of her mortal lifo, for having arrived at tho truly mature age of twenty, and hav ing passed through two whole London 'seasons, to say nothing of a round of Scotch and country-house visiting, 1 Betty was positive certain sure that she never would or could care for any other man in all the world but Cap tain Jack. Mrs. Patten Jackson enjoyed Hom burg ; she liked the mild excitement of taking the baths and waters and the doctor's visits, and being a pleasant, sympathetio-naturod, elderly lady, she spent many agreeable half-hours chat ting to the other elderly ladies whoso various ailments had driven them to .take, the waters ; and when site noticed her daughter's pale cheeks and droop- 'ing air she complacently rejoiced that Bite had been spared the last' few 'weeks of the season Meantime, every day Betty's trouble grew heavier .and heavier to bear, and for want of 'young companionship and occupation 'for her energies her mind dwelt solely 'upon hor absent lover, and sho fancied him sporting about with other maidens, smiling at Hurlingham, whispering Boft speeches at Henley, and dancing with that odious red-haired iheiress, Miss Caroline Brown. Medi tations such as these made life for her a dreary blank, full of stinging thoughts, that, like gnats, when tho wind' is still, worry and annoy a per son past endurance. One evening, . after table , d'hote, Betty was introduced to a young lady who had come to Hombtarg with an elderly aunt, whose damp Scotch castlo had driven her to seek relief from rheumatic . pains by undergoing the pino cure. Now, Miss Tabitha Warlock had whispeied over her knitting to Mrs. Patten Jackson that her niece, the Hon, Clara Warlock, was possessed of a most mysterious gift of second sight, which sho had inherited front her maternal grandmother, the Countess of Ghoulstein. She added that her niece did not like to talkaboutthis, or to have it mentioned, but that without doubt somlS of 'her experiences had been most astounding, and were certainly hoc' to be accounted for by any tiling "short of occult power. In spice of Mis? Clura's reluctance to speak of her magical powers, tho wholo hotel was within thirty hours of hor arrival talking of nothing elso, and thus it camo to pass that even Betty's languid attention was aroused, and she listened with such interest to tho old Scotch lady's tales of marvels and mysteries that her mother, relieved to seo her amused, and quite satisfied that the unimpeach able "Warlock" and "Ghoulstein" lineage made any member of their family a most desirable person to in troduce a Patten Jackson to the spirit world,' invited: Miss Warlock to bring' heir niccci up to coffee in thoir private sitting-room. - - , Betty was at first disappointed when she saw that the Honorable. Seer, had sandy hair, a freckled complexion, and very damp, red hands ; but as the evening darkened, and Miss Clara, in the gloaming, talked in a deep and im pressive voice of the joy and peace that had been given to her since the holy privilege had been bestowed upon her of being permitted to communicate with " the other side" (as she invari ably called tho spirit world), ' Betty was seized with a dovouring de sire to consult the oracle, and learn, if possible, ltor future fate. Miss Tabitha warned her that it was a great and solemn mattor, and that she must enter upon it in a becoming spirit, and never, never "speak of our dear, dear friends upon the other side by the degrading name of : spooks.' " Betty, duly impressed, promised to bo "a reverent seeker after truth," and Miss Clara wont with her into her bod-room, which adjoined the sitting-room, and after some little hesitation took from a red plush bag that hung on her arm a crystal globe surrounded with a narrow band of silver, and seated herself in silence with her back to tho liglit, and laid tho crystal upon her knee, and after covering her face with her hands for a few solemn moments, proceeded to gaze into the globe with a fixed and rapt expression of countenance. After ten minutes' silence, during; which time excitable Betty's heart, thumped till she trembled, Miss Clara whispered mysteriously " Do you feel the spirit , wind? Thoy. are hore." Botty shivered. "Will you holp us tc- night f'f in quired Miss Clara, in an impressive!, hollow voice. After a few seconds'- silence the varnished wardrobe gave three unmistakable creaks. ' ' "That moans yes," announced the Seer. -i- "Will you answer Miss Jnckson's questions ?" V A long pause. - Betty thought. she heard a foot on the wooden floor.' over head, but Miss Clara, more experi enced, exclaimed with rapture . i " They will, they will j" then, still gazing at the crystal sho inquired, without lifting her eyes, " What is it you want to know 1" Betty paused. She was a shy and modest girl, and as she had shrunk from lotting her mother guess her heart's secret, so now she trembled to let the spirit world into tho shrine of her tender, loving heart, soshehesitated, and then asked timidly, "Is the person " (blessed bo the English lan guage, she thought, that docs not re veal sex) " that I am thinking of happy 1" A long interval of silence followed this question, during which' Betty pinched the seat of her chair in her excitement and suspense. Then Miss Clara announced in a chanting, mysterious voice, " I see — I see a room, and on a sofa there sits a man, but I cannot sea- his face clearly, but ho is tali and well-made " "Jack, Jack," cried Betty, under her breath, "And beside him sits a woman" (Betty gasped) "with fair red hair and a pale blue dress." " Is it Miss Caroline Brown ?" asked Botty, throbbingly. " I cannot tell," replied the seer, " for now the crystal is clouding, and anon it .clears, and . I can see a long white road, and down it a man is riding hard, and with him there are other men, and I think they are soldiers." (Betty was by this marvellous vision quite convinced that Miss Clara's powers were - occult.) " And now I see a church door, and out of the porch there comes a. bride and bridegroom, and there are fair children casting, flowers before them." " And," cried Betty, " whnt is the bride like ?" And Miss Clara answered, "It is the maiden with fair red hair." Then Betty sat quite still, and feared to move; all hor. strength of character was occupied in smothering down tho sobs that were struggling to burst forth in a St of hysteric weeping. She bravely succeeded in " stifling all outward sign - of emotion,' bub she listened in silence while Miss Clara described further visions of battles, and fires, and tropical scenery that had no human ihterest for the eager maid, and the Seer, finding her listener no longer responsive, aroused herself, and in her natural voice announced that she dared no longer remain entranced, or she would suffer for it terribly for days to come. Botty thanked her, and they returned to their. elders in the sitting room, who had loft themysteriesof spiritualism for the interesting topic of the merits and methods and charges of the rival doc tors in Homburg.' But Betty cried herself to sleep thut night. The pictures called up by Miss Clara NVarlock burnt into her brain till she could almost fancy that she' could herself see in tbo darkness the vision of "tho maiden with tho fair red hair sitting ort the same sofa as the tall manly man." ; The next morning, however, tho bright morning sun streamed into tho room,, and with her early cup of tea the maid brought her a letter front her sister in London that entirely changed the current of her thoughts. Out side the letter was a large red seal, and inside, with boating heart, Betty read : — " Captain Jack Marriott camo to tea with me yesterdoy afternoon ; ho seemed greatly ' put out ' that you had left London so unexpectedly, nnd that you had never let him know of your departure. He pulled his moustache and fidgeted about, and seemed as if he wanted to tell me some- thing ; but though I made his tea in tho most sympathetic manner imaginable, he wouid not confide in me. Did you rofuso him, Betty dar- liDg, before you left ? If you did, it was foolish of you, as he is a good fellow, and would, I think, have made you a kind husband." Betty went for a walk by herself after receiving this letter. If she could only , feel sure l.? She could' not help hoping that it was al' right; but -if she could only feel sure I It was so difficult' ' ' for' gii'ls to know if men really did mean " it." or not. And tho remem brance of the vision seen in that horrid crystal came back upon hor and buzzed like a bumble bee among her happier thoughts. During a drive in the dark fir woods that surround Homburg the following afternoon. Miss Warlock the elder, having satisfied herself that on all points the doctor under whose care she had placed herself was superior to Mrs.' Patten Jack son's medical adviser, discoursed to her now-found friend so much of " the spirit world on the other side," of " occult experience " nnd "astral appearances,", that Mrs. Patten Jackson began to feel quite eerie, and would scarcely have been surprised if the ghost of her former husband had come down the chimney and walked into the room. After dinner Miss Clara Warlock came again with her aunt to Mrs. Patten Jackson's sitting-room, and by "special request she brought with her the mysterious crystal. After the usual preliminaries of ghostly conver sation and cups of coffee, Mrs, Jackson asked Miss Ciara to exercise her strange gift. The lady consented ; and, after gazing raptiy for somo lengthy minutes, exclaimed : — " I see— I see a bed, and on it lies a woman who is very, very ill." " Oh, dear," cried Mrs. Jackson. " I hope that is not my daughter Bertha.?" "She is ill,1' continued the Seer, in o chanting voice, and her hands are white and slim." . " Bertha has inherited my family's peculiar shape of hands," exclaimed Mrs. Jnckson, with complacent satis faction, looking at her own shapely fingers, covered with diamond rings. . " I cannot see the face,"- continued Miss Clara, "but tho bed is hung with blue and white muslin curtains." " That is Bertha's bedroom !" cried Mrs. Jackson, solomnly, "her bed is hung with blue and white muslin cur tains." Now, during all these meditations, Betty's active little mind was think ing that if only hor mother believed that her sister Bertha was ill per haps she would go back to London, and thus, after Miss Clara had laid aside her crystal, Betty said, " I do hope that all is well with Bertha, for she said in her letter to me this morning that she was ieeling quite ill with the heat ! " "Indeed," cried Mrs. Jackson, " what a strange coincidence I I cannot help feeling nervous about her, dear child. It was so strange that Miss Warlock should huvo seen those blue, and white curtains in her crystal " ' Betty kept the subject of Bertha's health so constantly before her mother during tho evening and following morning that at last Mrs. Jack son suggested telegraphing reply paid, in order that ' their minds might bo rolieved of anxiety. Betty demurred, and suggested returning to London with some friends who wore going to. travel straight through, and who were starting the next morning early, but tl is Mrs. Jackson would not hear of, and so, with reluctance, Betty telegraphed tho words, " Unaccount ably anxious ; please wire if you are well." This wiro was sent at eleven o'clock, and all through tho day Mrs. Jack son and Botty awaited the reply. It poured with rain, and so they could not go out for their usual afternoon drivo, and no answer came to tho questioning . telegram. By dinner time a fine network of little fears had grown all over Mrs. Patten Jackson's natural good sense and judgment ; her anxious forebodings wore . keenly in creased by the delay in receiving the answer, and by Betty's tearful face and tremulous manner. At last, at her daughter's suggestion, she sent a note to MiBs Clara Warlock begging her to come up to their rooms after dinner, as she was feeling too unwell to descend to tho table d'hote. Now, truth to tell, the Honorable Clara was beginning to feel somewhat alarmed at tho agitation that her crystal-gazing , had aroused in poor Mrs. Jackson nnd Betty, but it was in vain when sho came, in response to their request, that sho endeavored to calm their fears by assuring them thut, as tho faceseen in the crystal was vague and undefined, thero was no icason to conclude that the sick person was Mrs. Biirtha Stephen. Mrs. Jackson re fused to be comforted when sho re membered tho. slim white hands and the blue and white curtains, and the unanswered tolegram ; while Betty admitted reluctantly that she could not forget that her darling sister had said in tho very last letter she had written " that sho was feeling quite ill with tho heat." Mrs. Jackson implored Miss Clnra to try again nnd uso her occult powers of clairvoyance to discover if anything was really wrong with her daughter, but Miss Clara said sho deeply re- grotted that it wiis impossible for her to communicate with unyono that sho had never mot and that her spirit con trol had never known ; but as Mrs. Jackson's fears increased and multi plied, Miss Clara at last suggested that it might be possible for her to in fluence Betty so that she might bo able to write an automatic communi cation about her sister's health. Now tho truth was, that Miss Clara, after considerable experience, had dis covered that it was much safor to con fine herself to vogue pictures and misty prophecies. Like all other oracles, from that of Delphi downwards, she dreaded putting her seerdom to tho test of a downright plain question that it was impossible to answer in any other way than with a downrightplaiivansworthat might bo proved wrong, so sho urgued to herself, " If Mrs. Bertha is a littlo ill, I can take tho credit of having foreseen it ; if she is not ill, it will, of course, be the fault of Miss Botty's writing." So 'sho fetched hor plan- clietto board nnd placed' it on a large piece of packing paper on the round hotel tablo. She then covered her face with her hands for the solemn pause of initiation; and Betty did the same'-; but, duritag " the silence, tho thought danced, in the young girl's brain of all that it miglit mean to her if only sho could return to London. Yet, to her dying day Botty will solemnly swear, evert to herself, that sho is quite sure that.she did not guide the littlo board on its easy moving wheels, but somehow as if by magic, as soon as evor her fingers touched planchette, it flow as if on wings across tho paper and wrote — " Do not delay, come home at once, at once." Then Miss Clara looked at the handwriting on tho paper, and said, "We have always to guard against our sub-conscious selves. Is this your own handwriting or-not?" "No," said Botty, in a frightened little voice ; " I never make my T's like that," Now, to the observant of human natuie it was a significant faoff that Miss Tabitha and her niece never con sulted the crystal ball or planchetto about their own private affairs ; they explained, this by saying that it nover did to ask " the othol- side " questions for selfish reasons. .How far either aunt or niece ' believed in the communications Received it would .be hard to - -say — but thoy were ladies with not very great per sonal attractions, and thoy had found that during tho recent revival of interest in psychical, research, Miss Clara's talents for crystal gazing and automatic writing had prootired them many pleasant . invitations to London dinner-parties and country house visits (as thoir hostesses always said, " It was so much more . satisfactory to havo a medium who was not a professional, and .who . could not have the slightest object in deceiving them "), yot in spite' of the agitated message receivod through planchette, both Aunt Tabitha and her niece did their very best to dis suade Mrs. Jackson from abandoning ' the course of baths that wero so necessary for hor health ; but, as she felt very upset and agitated, Mrs. Jackson was easily over-persuaded by Betty to allow her to return to Lon don by the morning mail to watch over her elder sister. Betty started therefore with her friends at G a.m. on the following morning. Mrs. Jackson . at noon received this, tolegrain : " All well here ; . out of town yesterday;" which mado her quite happy again, in spite of Miss Warlock's grim hint that one never could tell " when foretold events would ho fulfilled." Miss Clara ex plained that with rogard to tho mes sage received from planchette, Botty was not accustomed to spirit-writing, and, therefore, instead of leaving her mind free for the spirit to control, must have written the alarming sen tence with her own left, brain or sub conscious self. M Within a week of Betty's departure Mrs. Jackson received the following letter : — "Dear Mother, — I am tho happiest girl in the world. Jack Marriott has just asked me to be his wife. Hois the dearest fellow in the world." Then followed three pages of Halle lujah chorus upon Captain Jack's per fections, which we . will sparo the reader, and tho letter finished with theso words : " Mother darling, I never knew what it was to be really haonv before.— Your loving daughter. " Betty." 