PARTE? LIVES. . -e —-? A TALE Oil-'LOVlJAXDa'KALOUSY. Cujutj:i: XXIV. lUiliT 1>" "DAUKN'KSS. it was the third day of Dora's .„ - sojourn at the Block Cottage-. The iiotir was about sunset. Tha young girl was fitting by the window- in her ripper chamber, deoply thiiiliing. Tho sash was pushed u?>, and the summer breozo stole in, nud a. iew mys of sunlight iiittered in between" tho interstices of thu tliickly-loaved tree that guarded her window liUo a sentinel, and tlropncd like diamoml rr.ys upon her dusky, clusieriiig, rings of h.-?.ir. 3?ho door was locked from without, Mrs Xarr baviug the key in her pocket. IT pon Uie front door-steps, netiriy mider the window, .!aai; X"arr Eat Hmoking, and sending up an occasional glance at JDtira's winder,-. 3?hus doubly gutirdvd, sho was yet thinking of escnpe. Sinco enlt-riiig tiie rouiu, o:i being brought from Xonduu, she liad not been permitted to leave it. Jler weals had been brought to her, and who bad bsen allowed to sit ;d her open wiudov.-—tne trees effectually iscreening her from all wicvv of or from the street —bat she had no exercise, no employment for her Kngors, nothing to rc:iil. nothing t.> tht but to thiuk. And Uiirtking hid now become a dreary employ meat Sho had been visited frequently by tlia Nari-s, but, in spite of her- honest efforts to like them she liail poim to reg-.ird them with loathing. Sirs Xarr had. developed into a islirew, and a. tennagraut, and -lack Karr had been intosicateil most ?of the time .since their arrival, uml had sliown himself vulgar, po:u]>o.-=. ndisv, and boiistful, had bestowed upon her rnyateriou.s winks and nods, mid had declared that she -was the light of bis oyea and a fortune to his packet.* Bora's suspicions that tliey were not her parents !m>l become a positive conviction, although they had said nothing on tho subject to her. She felr that, although -Urs Xarr disliked facr, Jack was rather kindly disposed to licr, and that both looked upon her S3 3, speculation ami a prr.-.e. by v.hich they hoped Iα gain what to them would be a furtiiiic. .SJsc sapposcti that they intended lo get this money from i'elirc Warner, who had now become to her an object of utter aversion and detestation. All ot these tilings had been turned over in her mind again and again, until she had grown tired, :-.r.d" iv.iv she sighed hopelessly. tlii:ikjiig how strangely her life h;id darkened during the last few weeks). ; " I suppose," she said to ht-rsoi f, lier uiisk eyea glonmijig, asiil her li;i uuivcring, ? that Xoel has either failed j to ucd mo, or has gone back Jo Weir Hall. lie may think, as r!iu Xarrs s.rc —or ch'.hn to bo--iuy pareui-s. ho cm do nothing aud tsi.it S iiiii.<: rctsiaiu in their cust'.jdy till I am of | age. But perhaps lu> isg-till st-.irc'iing j for mo in iij:ido:a. He u p i>uld never i tliijik ot running "10-ivii to Cniswic'; j to iisy w!it:re:ibo;:ts' Oh, if I had | onjy been ?--.ise o:i tli?c intat liioriiing j -.Then f L-ho-'O bctuceu::!}- two lovers, j £ tlirew away cho rt-;sl for ilio false. ! £ tnought I loved W.truer when 1 o'id uot. And although 1 atn not sure that I love Xoel now, it ivouH not be i liard, I think to luvituiiu so bravo, and i trtio, raid honc-.-Jt. 1 a:n not the first j girl who has thrown .wur tlic- Jiobie, I ?l?iu country gentleman for the Hue, | false city lover.' j -Again s!ic sigli-.'d ht-aviSy, a.-d again | her lip quivered pitcously. i After a. little she leaned out o£ the wimtoiv, aud called softly— j ? yirs Xarr " ] -lack Xarr took his pipe out of | £iis njonth, and, bending for-.vnrd, j lookeil n:i, savinir— ! ' Weil' what islt, Dora ? Have j you come to yo sir yeusjs '?' i * I amso tired,* -aid Dora, pitifully, j *? I h;ire never bi-c:i so long i:i one \ rociiu at a time in life-. Jsist think j ho-.-.- hard it is to ahut tcj> in tins j -,7av —1 v.-ho v.-as f.-rougcifc up in thu j country, ;ts fret- as the birds, ,-iml who I lore the ?u:ishiuu ac;d the fresh air as ; £ iove x:iy lite. J-ei !?iu walk in the j garden just one: hail hour '.' \ Xarr knocked the Helios oft ?ii.; pipe j against the door stouc in n. thought ful manner, and tlieti sail!, pointing the pipe over his shoulder, signiti- j carat Jy— j *? She won't let you, JLiss Dora. J Tliere'.s no ;:be askinir her: stiii yon ? r.-au try it, if yon w;?;t to.' " ! ' Won't you :t*k her V ploudoil the ? vouiijj girl. * She'd rvfus-j mc at j once.' , I Xarr re I! cc ted ii Cc.r luuuieuts. Then lie looked sip, winking mysteriously, and. whispered shrilly— ' 1 say. Miss: J)ora, is a v.alk iv ihe garden worth ten pound* lo your Tho ?td woman's mad because 1 hs.il a drink or >-j lart-hr, and took ail mv taonev 'aat \rhen 1 '.v;ss asleep,* i Dora comprehended his drift. j ' I'll give you ten pounds, if you'll j let mc oat a little while," she answered, i She took her [nx'aet-hvok from her bosom, and produced a ten pound note, which she fluttered out of the vviadov,-, retaining her hold on it. j XTarr was all eagerness in an Instant, j His round red face 'grew yet redder, J and. he spranjj up and c.iuie nuder the S r.iado?.-, his eves sparkling. j Planer 'Orst, :.!ii-; ; Dora,' he J "Hspered. " iheu I'll ask the old | yonsa.' i Dora dropped the bank-note. It ! l! atlercd within "s.irr".- "rasp, and he i put it in his ji<jc';tt. Oora. rfotored j hor pocket-ooor-c it its hiding place, and waited. X'arr v/eut uacii to tin: Hcc!"-st<mc, sat do-.vit, and took tip his jiipS. After 3. rainiitu or trxo, he czXlcd. his -.vife. jlrs Xsrr speedily arade ter from an inner 'Well, what is it?' she demanded. ? Girl all 'right ?' ' Xot by "a good sight,* replied Jack, with uu upward glance. 'I jest happened to loo!: at her, and 1 declare fort she's getting as paid auil peaked as a last year's ghost. 1 tell you, Mr Warner won't be mi took with her, if sbe'b so thin and gashly when he comes.' Mrs Xarr looked up at, tho window, ami met Dora's gaic. 'She don't look quite -well,' -she ndmiutul. ? lint what can 1 tlo'r" ' Trot lier round the garden half m> hour." Mrs Xarr looked perturbed. 'Row can IV she asked in. an undertone. " She might, call out for help, or Sir Gralmin Uallsgher might .sou her: ' Sir Graham Gallagher's in better business than a-sittiiiK a-top of stone wiitls a-looking for gals he don't b'mv exists,' remarked jack Xarr, more forcibly than grammatically. ' Most likely Sir Graham Gallagher's away From" home. It" he ain't, he's setting iii his lib'ry, a-swigging wine, as I should do m his place. And if ho saw the gal, iff easy to tell him she's your darter. You don't c.cc.m up to business. Take the gal liy the arm, and trot her round ; and when she j;e*s ured, march her up to her room. There's mv advice.' >lv Xarr pondered on it, looked up again :ii tin: pale, eager face.and said — ? You're right, .lack, for once. .She shall have the fresh air.' She entered (he collage mounted tho flairs, and unlocked Dora's door, entering the room. * Come, put on your hat,' she said. "1 am going to take you round the Dm-.: hastily obeyed, and Mrs Xarr utaivhcd her down" stairs and out of dov.w, Jcveping Si-ht hold upon her arm a!! the time. "The garden was in s.ullv neglected condition, and the grass-grown walks, led through tangles of shrubbery, all mattered and grown Soother ; but after her long impri sonment, the fresh air. the glorious sunlight, and the sweet' odours of the 1 tinners from the adjoining garden I were inexpressibly delightful to Dora. !\>r half an dour she sauntered :tbci:f. guarded by Mrs Xarr, and during thai time she saw no one save the Xarrs. and heard no one besides j them, except a gardener pruning his peach trees fin the opposite side of the i partition wall, a:id singing as he ] worked. j At last, the man mounted a ladder, and his head I>e?an to appear above the top of the wail, Mrs Xarr hurried Dora up to her room, and locked her j in. At about sis o'clock tiie girl's i I siiptMT was brought up. and she w.ts i leU'alomj for the nigiii. I Tho Xarrs secured all the doors, I I and retired to ihe basement kitchen, a j quarter of the house that suited them I Iv;s1 ; and here Xarr smoked, while ins ?-ifc spoke of the !>c-l plan hy \ v. hjcii t'u-v could secure possession of j the money on Don's person, j \- I don't know but the besi wav ? woiihl be v, go in and take it from j j lii-r v. Jifii she's asleep," the v.oman j muttered. " She's no business to key:> ' ! !,:>.: :ii()iic-v from us, ami I mean to j iia\o =:. i'!l think the matter over. i and £<-?( tiie money with the least i ile.mwhilc D-.ira continued io sit at ! hi-.- orwi window, and the day Faded, j I aiid Ihe Song summer t ?.viliixhU.-rooded I softly o-.vr the scene, filling the garden | [ with a hundred shadows. The twilight j J was deepening into night,and l).>ra was j j thinking of drownh:<j her sorrows in j j sleep, when she- heard :?? sound that j ; thrillc-ii her pulses and stirred her t heart, to wilder beatings. It was :? j ' sound as of some one scalin" , the stone I wall fronting the lonely street. ' Snare one is there,' thought the girL all at once eageran-.l impassioned. i -Who can it be': , X'ot a friend? j i X.-.i Xoel ?' I Slit: crouched in ilie shadows, j watching and listening. And then j she saw a head appear .-sboie the top j of the wall, and the head was followed < by the iigme of a man. She strained her -.raze, but could not (iiM-'jrn the features oE the strange intruder. 'i'hi- man lingered o.'S tiie top of the ( wali a mome.::, appearing U. listen. ! and then hu c.uitiouslv descended by | way of tiie vines to ihl- ground. * j then he halted in the garden, close j i:i thy shadow of the high wall. j Dora's heart seeojed in her throat. j "It can's be Warner," she thought, trembling. 'The. man cannot he .-. burglar, if he were a friend of the Xarrs, he wouid rini; at the gate. He j has come lo stc me.' The man silently quitted the shadow of the wall, and came nearer, studying the features of tiie house. I>or:i had no light. ;i:id from his position none was visifjle in the dwelling. The cottage, indeed, seemed sili-ui and The intruder suddenly marked the.open window, and stole closer and <:!o?er, halting 'in the shadow of the tree before it.. I-'or the. iir.-l lime Dora ";-:iw him fully. Willi diuiculty she restrained the wild cry of joy that arose to her ii'p-. The intruder was the young .Ss|uire Weir. Dor*leaned,outo£the window, calling, softly and impul sive !y— . ' Xoe! ' Oh, Xoel '.' ' liora!' exclaiiaed a ijuick. glad voice. 'I have found you, then r Heaven bu praised !' ' liow was it possible for you to trace , mc here, Xoel ?* cried Dora. thiil.'iDg v.ith ier joy. -J feared you isJ gona I fesrod t<vi had left V2.fi to thete people, not daring to contest their claim on mc. ()!;. f have been so 'nnely, so laiseniLde, ' Jlv' Tjoor Dora,' said the young s-quire, tenderly :iii>l pityingly. ' And yon thought X could defers you ; 1 aavo starched for you only yesterday rfjouglit it possible } tb:-t the Xarrs mfghfc havo taken you t OUt Of fO-.TU. I TT.l'Ut tO all tliC X3.il. I way statiouH, and at tiie Waterloo got trace of you, by great good fortuno. And here" 1 atn, Dora." ' 1 might have known you would not desert mc, Xoel. It is wonderful how you Sound mc. lam so glad.' 'And so am 1. Whore aits tho Xarrs r' ' In the back ' Good. 1 have no keys, but it will go hard if 1 do not find fsoiue vmy to rescue you. First o£:dl, hoy.over. i iiiust get nearer to you." ?Hut how?' questioned Dora, anxiously. Tin.- young squiic cast a 'juick ?glance around him. The tree, one great branch of which stretched like an arm In-fore Dora's window, caught his gaze, lie s,cnnned it, measured distances, with his eyes, and then niovvd toward it. . ' I am coming up to you, Dora,' he said. ' Keep watch for us both. . He commenced to climb the tree, noon gaining a foothold among the thick branches. In a few iiu'imteK more he was upon the braucli by her window, and so close to her that Dora could see tho lustre of his eves, aud hear his quick breathing. She held out her hautL.to him. He took it and pressed it to his lips. ' How pale you are," he w.id, anxiously. 'The Xarrs have not ill }rea f ed you, Dorar' ? Xot"particularly, hut I have been kept shut up here till Ibis afternoon. The door is locked uoiv. They do not fear that i can escape: and indeed it would be a difficult undertaking for mo alone !' ' Has—has Warner been bore yet V" questioned the young squire. ?Xo; but he is coming, I judge, from what Mrs Xarr says. She expected him last night, aud has been looking for .him all day. It ?;>? at his suggestion this liou.ie v.a.s fakeu." ? Xocl's face darkened. His broad brows contracted, and he compressed his lips lirmly. 'And you are in the power of such wretches" as these!" he cried, indig nant !v. -Dora, you must leave this pestifenti:"! house this very night. You will not hesitate to go with lae'r" ' Hesitate!" cried Dora, in surprise, j 'How- could 1? Have you not raid you will be my brother. Xoc-i 'i I'apn j trusted yon, :?id so do I.' i -She. put up both her hands to him with :t trustful look, adding - \- Take mc away fn:m here, Xoel. If 1 stavhere longer, thus threatened, ! 1 shaii die.' J - 1 will take you," the young man said, promptly, and with a quick energy. ' Where you will iind refuge jwe will decide afterwards. Do you \ think with my assistance, you can step out on this braiicii. aud so i-liiul) down to the ground >' ' Kaaily. Xoel. Shall 1 try now r' 'You "may. You can climb iho j wall by the aid of tho vines ;sud with j mv help, and I can easily lower you to" sha mound outside. There, give mc your hand, Dora." ' Let mc get in; hat ihs.t," said the gin- Shi- crossed the floor, and put ou her hat nud sacque, then returning io the window. said, 'in a 'whisper. -They are stiil t'onu stairs. IHaven is helping us. I Xoei.' j She slid her hand hi his, and stood upon the window-s'ili. Xoc-I gently supporting her. 'This wav, Dora." he said. Semlerlv. 'U-.XUO-., mc." " } IJut l>om Middeniv trembled iv alarm. " | The sound of approaching wheel? j had caught her hearing. ' What if it should "be Warner r' she asked, in a frightened voice. 'At this hour? Impossible! Vet you can wait till the cab passes, Dora." The sound became louder and louder, and suddenly ceased abruptly. The cat) halted at the gate of the Black Cottage. * It is Warner," cried Dora, in a j panic, as a Eoud ring was heard at tin; j gate. 'We are too late, X'oei. We j j See luo.-eued herself from iiis grasp, and slipped back i:it? the room. Xoel *Kd along ihe branch, and t-u.-couced himself in the deepest shadows of tho tree. { A sound was heard of bolts bein-j j undone, aud Mrs Xarr went out with j a lantern and opened the gate lo the j new-comer. * j As Dora bad thought, the intruder j M? Felix Warner. ' 1 CHAI'TKII XXV. t-LT in the rnooi". The arrival of Felix Warner at that late hour at Black Cottaae, and so unexpectedly lo Dora and the young squire, of course interrupted and deferred the young girl's projected escape. * Was there ever anything so inopportune sighcdDorn, ,-ts Warner disappeared with Mrs Narr within tne door of the dweiliug. " What shall we do, Noel":" ' Wait and see what the viliian v.-antsu' replied Noel, from his sheltered nook amidst the thick foliage of the tree. ' He cannot- want to see mc?" said Horn, anxiously and uneasily. ' I think be will call upon you.' Dora began to tremble. Noel could see how while her face grew, as she leaned against the window, looking up pleadingly at him. 'If I could cu!y hi spared this meeting,' the _ur_iu\red. The young i.iuirs's heart yc-irnsd towards her. ,My poor little Dora.' he whispered. " lie brave. Ittntcmbtr I am near you. and I shall be ready at your call to spring in at the window to your aid. And a.s ?>ou a:= he goe.-<, v.a will make oar etcapc. Can't you keep up your ! co.ursgo a. UUie logger f' The girl nodded assent, and her [ ct>m;tttal:Ce gxvr b?\\-c aji'l czlva. She went back into the room and removed Uor hat and sacque; :tnd then, returning to the ?window, leaned against tho frame, and looked out upon her lover with .softly chining eyes. She was standing there, when the door was unlocked, and Mrs Nsrr entered, bearing a light. ' You have not gono to bed, Dora?* she asked, in a harsh, peremptory voice, holding the light above her ::nd peering at tho bed. 'Ah, no: There you :ire afc ihe window n-moon ing !' .She set down ihe candle. um\ advanced towards tho maiden. Dorrs dropped the thin laeo curtains, thus screening tho open window, and moved a few steps towards the centre of tho room. The woman eyed her critically. ?You'll do,' she muttered. 'You are looking even bettor than usual, with them blushes on your checks. Some one has coino. , ' 1 Icnoiv it, , said Dora, quiotly. ' I saw him—Mr "Warner. , ' Oh, you did ? I never saw a man ?who loved a girl as he loves you, Dora. He has traced you hore ' ? You mean, , interposed Dora, * that you sent him word of my whereabouts.' The woman looked at Dora sharply, and then broke into a boisterous laugh. ' You keep your oycx open, Dora,' she exclaimed, adiniringl}-. ' Well, I won't deny that we stmt him word where to find us, for a kinder, civiler-spoiioii gentleman I never saw. And so lie's corae, and he want's to see you. Will yi>a go down to tho parlour, or will you see him here r" As she asked tho question, she looked around tho ne.it chamber, as if to examine into iis fitness as a reception-room. I'ho bed ivns set in an alcove, and hidden by curtains of whito dimity. The room itself had always served as a lady's private sitting-room, and was well-adapted for I the purpose. ' 1 decline to see him at all,' rend Dora, spiritedly. '1 dislike Mr Warner, antl I have no wish to hear any more insults from his lips. If you are my mother—as you claim— you will protect mc from tho foul presence of this man." ilrs Xarr frowned. ' This i.s pretty talk to your mother . >he ejaculated- 'You are mv daughter; you are a minor,:?ndconse quently fobligci by law to obey mc : and I command 3011 to receive ?.Ir Warner as tny friend, if not ;is your <??vii. Things have come to a line pass. I think, when daughters—if they hate been adopted out by a lino family that turned 'em out poor and helpless —attempt to dictate to their mothers. Yon have got to see Mr Warner, or you'll regret it—that's all I' Dora's cheeks flashed with indi'iia lion; yet .'ho controlled herself admirably. ' I am in your power, Jlrs Xarr," she said, coldly. ? .Since lam com pelled to see your ' friend,' I will see him here.' ' And you'd better be pulite to him,' warned .Jlrs Xarr, shaking her head threateningly. ' You are only the daughter of poor parents, and' your tine-lady airs won't pass here, .fust forget that .SijuirL- Che?som and his wife uver .Tfiojitcit you p.nd jp.aue uiuch of you, and bear in mind you are unit- Dora<rC;irr, and uoi much at that.' With this she retired £rom tlicrootn- Dora retreated again to the window. A minute later the door again ?nicned, and Felix AVanior canto slowly and hesitatingly into tlic Chamber. Dora regarue.l him with surprise. All his smoothness and as suniice seemed gone. He ivas i>:>!e and dejected, and appeared to he in deep trouble. His eyes drooped before her bright glances, and his manner was at once anxious, humble, and deprecating. His new cliarscter, how ever, sat well upon him. His deep melancholy, as perhaps ho knew, was I becoming to him. Ho had icltSaltair I on the previous day, as has been said, I and had slept in London the previous I night. This day, at the ?:loso of | which he had now called upon Dora, j had been spent by him in the vicinity I of the Surrey farm, of which J;:ek Xarr had formerly been sub- tenant, anil in a closf investigation of the affairs of the Narrs. lie had made various discoveries, and now. when he stcyd before the young girl the picture of sorrow ami humility, he was at heart glad and exuitant. Ite paused near the door, and raising his eyes in teeming timidity, exclaimed, in a voice of deepest melanchol v — ' .Dora ' * Miss C'licsjoiii, if you please, sir'" .raid Dora, with spirit. lie came a. step nearer, and looked at her as in anguished pleading. Bora drew closer to the window. Her radiant brown eyes were like glowing star*. The rose tint in her cheeks flickered like a red flame behind :in alabaster shade. Pure, and liainty, and sweet, with a rare and glorious loveliness, yjjc was as much above AWirner as an an'gcl is above a demon. He teemed to feel th? distance be tween them, and made as though he would have knelt to ber. ' Dora,' he said, ia a broken, voice, * I have come back lo crave your for giveness for that cowardly insult of the other day. i did ii iv r. moment of madness. Forgive ins .'* -And now he aetuirtly sank on hid knees at her feet J and lifted his pleading face, oa 'yhich wera tears. He wasaspleudiriactor. lie might have made his forVbuo on ? the stage, s-inctf he acted itifi character he had assumed—that o'i the heart-broken, repentant sinner;*— -to the life. Dora was bewildered,/ Yet, soniehoiv, she Felt vaguely hi;; insincerity, and shrunk from hiai " You had 6etter rise,* uhc said, cijldly. ; Kn/el to your IMaker, aot to your fellow mortal.' ' 3ly place i." at your feet,' groaned Warner. "I will never rise until you hare forgiven vac. Can ytm not rnaiio dlowances for vie, Dora? Is thore no leader pit}, , for iue iv your koul ? 1 was mad when I insulted you. It all came from my accursed pride. Cr.ii you ever mnko allowances for me?' ' 1 don't think I cau," replied Dora, dryly. ' jfeut hear ivy defence,' lie urged. ' I como of a proud family—the Champueys of Chatnpney Merc. They aro a haughty old race, and —and I v:r.a in fear of ray cousin, Lord Cfiampuev, whoso heir I am. 1 had told his lordship that I loved Miss Ghcssom of Grange, tiussos, and had told liiia that sho came of a pood family and wan of gentle blood. Ho gave his consent, which 1 asked as a matter o£ form, to our marriage. And then catco your letter iv mc, do-, daring your rightful parentage. You can never know what a shock that was to mc, never !* He paused, as if he wero choking with emotion. ' Was it not a shock to mc ?" asked Dora, with a mournful pat'ibs. * I lost homo, name, friends, a position in the world, a tender father, and a lover, all at one blow." . * JJ o wonder you thought 1 deserted you, Dora, and all the while 1 lovod you hotter than I loved my life, , said Warner, humbly. 'My lovo and ray pride battled; but my lovo won. I wont to .Louuon, determined to plead for our immediate marriage. I entered your lodgings in tirao to hoar IVarr protesting, while half intoxicated, that he should make a speculation of your marriage. A horror and disgust nf your relatives came over uio. Before that <lisgust had worn off 1 had iusnltedyou, as you know button well. Dora, I went back to Saltair a miserable, heart-brokoii man. I would that I had died before 1 had alienated from mo the priceless boon of your lovo. I Fare you no pity for mo ? Does not your heart soften to my repentance?' ' Did you heart aoftcu to my aorroiv and despair when you found mc with tho Jtarra in London ?" demanded Dora, sternly, her proud, high-bred face severe in its purity and calm rebuke. 8 You found mc with people of -.vlioui 1 knew nothing, save that they claimed to be my parents. I had nothing in common with them. In th.it hour, I could Imvo turned to you as a child turns to Its rightful horno — but you repulsed mc. It was not mc you loved, i'eli.t Warner—not plain Dora's self —but tho supposed heiress of Sijuire Chcsaooi, the well-connected young lady.* 'By heaven, 110' The Ciiessoms arc well enough ; but even you, iuno- j cent a? you aro by tho laws of aocietv, must know enough of social caste to I comprehend that the Chessoms could ! not afford ::i> e<jual match with a | member of the housu of Cliampney. j It was the low connections I shrank | from—that vulgar, drinking couple I below, with their career as fugitive* from justice. Believe mc, Dora, I am not mo bad as you Luiuk mc." " i'ou need not defend yourself io mc, Jlr Warner. I have no longer a personal interest in your character or thoughts.* Warner did not seem to hear her. He continued—? j ' I went bad; to Ss'tair, hearing a j poisoned arrow in 2113- heart! I thought the matter ovor, a':il a!I your winsome young beauty came up to my mind like a veritable- apparition, and J 'cuot.- that I had made lh? mistake of my life, and that I loved you as :i man cart lore but ouco. Yesterday I received a telegram from Jack iXarr, telling mc whero you were. And I have come to you, Dora, a humble penitent, asking forgiveness aud restoration.' ' You are too late !* said tho young girl, sighing. ' Too late ? Oh, not too late! Oh, Dora, unsay those fatal words! 1 love you! I love you ' You will not cast mc off ?* | Dor. , , gently unclasped from her dress his clinging fingers. There wa3 a real anguish, in his face aud voice that touched her to the <juic'~. She felt convinced now tisat he was sincere, and her tender soul pitied him. ' You pain mc, 3ir Warner,' she ?aid, softly, her bright young Face | glooming. 'It is ail over between us. You yourself cut th* tie that united us. Spare E-e any farther words."' ' 'You uannut nieati it, Dora!' cried | Warner, shrilly. ? You will let mc woo you back to mc as gently s.s a bird iroos its mater You are lonely aud sorrowful, under the guardianship of two oppressive, hard-hearted, and j uncongenial persons. mc lift you 1 out of this bondage. You promised ! to be my wife—-redeem that promfpo ] now. I will buy oil these people, so 1 that you sliall never see them again. ] I will marry you at the church altar. ? I will take you with mc to Chauipney 3tere as my honoured and beloved bride, and Lord Champney and the Ijauy Barbara, his wife, will make you welcome. 3larry tae, JJora, and your life Khali be one dream of joy ! You shall never 'kunw a care, a sorrow, or a burden. I shall shield and guard ycti aw something too rare and precious to cueouuter the rutle shocks of life ! You shall be to mo liko some rare exotic ilo-.ver, or like some glorious tropic bird, made to live in the sun- Mhiiie' Oh, Dora, marry mc, and let mc show you how 1 loved you V lie pleaded as a niau pleads for what is dearer to him than life. His voice trembled with passionate desire. Ho was terribly in earnest. Dora's face, with its bright radiance clouded ovor, its rare piquancy given place to 1 sweet seriousness and solemnity, and her great brown eyets —blacli now— full of tremulous lights and shadows, shone upon her pleading lover with the glory of au unattainable atar. ' I believe you aro sincere, 3lr Warner,' she said, geat'y, 'aud I pit/ you.* 'Pity is akin to love, they say. Vou't you lore mc, -Bora ? Do you rcmomber the sunny morning wlicu; as we sat in the old drawing-room at tho Grunge, 1 asked you to be my wife ? You looke 1 up :it mo tlicu with sliy blushes, Dora, and whispered asseut. Iv that love all gone, darling r Have you banifhocl mo entirely from your heart ? Can a woman love and so toon forget ?' ' N7>, sho cannot lovo nud so eooij forget,' murmured Dora, half uncoit- RcioiiNly. Xlio leaves on tho treo by tlie window rustled, as if tlio wind was shaking them. JNool was trembling. Pom sccincd to bo going bovond bis reach", decoyed by the fair.c "light of this falso love. A moan arose to lim lips', and was changed to a heavy sigh, liul Earner heard nothing to indicato to him the presence of a listener. ' You havo not forgotten, then ?' he whispered, beginning to hope, as his hidden rival began to despair. ' You lovo mo a little still ? Oh, darling, you give mo new life. You will marry Ho arose and put out his arms to embrace her. She put him from her by a commanding gesture. 'You mistake mc, Mr Warner," she said, with a pretty girlish dignity. 'J said that when a woman iocs she cannot so soon forget. But I did not pay that I had ever loved.' ' You are playing with me.' 1 No, I am telling you the truth, i When you came to Cucssom Grange I 1 was but :t child in experience. I was flattered by your gallant alien- i tions and compliments. When yon naked mo to marry you, I assented.. I fancied I loved you* but it was only a fancy. After you came to mo iuJLoji- : don—after I had lied from you and the Narrs—i was astonished to lind how little I grieved for your lons. ! have never shed a tear of regret that you turne.l out so i!I. I havo never had one sleepless moment for you, I have never wished you to return. In short, Mr Warner, as these statements show, I never Jovcd you ! There was a tiitio v.ii<:n 3-011 might have won my love, hut that time is past. Had you come to mc in London iv tender love and sympathy, you might havo won my heart; now it ia too late—for ever too late '.' Warner's cheeks whitened. ' You are in earnest ?* ho said, huskily. ' in fu 1 earnest!' ' Riches, honours, 11 lovely home, plenty of friends, my love, and de votion, our happy marriage—nothing will tempt your heart back to mer* ' Xothtug whatever,* s.iid Dora, slowly. * And 1 have thrown away the price less gem with my own hands ?' JUora bowed slowly and pityingly Warner turned froia her with a'groan That moment held for him an awful j bitterness—the bitterness ot a, terrible defeat. He had expected to win h?.r bach by a show of sorrow and peni tence, but though aim toll a pit; - for him, it was not of the kind that it \ 'akin to love." A little v-Jiile tlicy stood thus in ;i dead silence. Don"., looking behind tiie parted curtain into the fihV.dows if tJie leaves au-i branches of She tree, I enemiuured the radiance ot .1 pair ot j J glowing eyes. Strangely onouu'i, .1 I ska had not owned to herself that h'h j loved the young sijuire. her heart thrilled as it had never thrilled before. j Presently Warner came b;'.e': to her, and snsd — "Dora, is your decision irrevocable?' The girl bl ashed, as she answered in the aliirinitivu. * I could give you your freedom, if you would consent to marry me,' he urged, eagerly. ' Otherwise trie Narrs will-continue to keep you a helpless j prisoner here." 'They cannot do so long. This | establishment is beyond their means. Once yon withdraw your countenance ! from them, 3lr Warner, they will j give up this cottage and return to lodgings. You know that they came here simply on your account, and by j your advice.' " ' i Warner's face begin to harden. ! ' You deny that you ever loved :ae, ! Dora," he said. ' Do you ] (> vo another ? j That Sussex chatvbacou, who presumes 1 on his university education and the j fact that he is tho Kori of a couutrv j squire, and who has been hanging i about you since you left the Grange, j and till you cviuie here—surely you do not lovo him ?' ? 1 decline to make you mv con fidant,' said Dora, spiritedly. ' 1 do \ not recognise your right to question ! me.' " " j ' I have tho right ot a cast-off lover i —the right of your betrothed uus batid," said Warner, bitterly. 'Our eiigageaieut has never been "dissolved j ' I dissolve it now, then.' j Warner's face became livid, vel be j strove to speak calmly. ' Dora, that country clodhopper ia no match for you. Your bcautv, your purity, your charming ways," your childliku iuu-jcenco, all constitute :i more than royal dowry. l'oti are ? ! match for a king ' " i ' l<ast week you did not think mc a match for a nobleman's dependant," interposed Dora, with a dash of sarcasm. A gleam of auger appeared in Warner's eyes. Dora's shot had goue borne. ' You are not generous,' he said, iioarccly. ' 1 see, however, that I am too late. Harsher measures inav induce you to look at the matter in a different light. I atn inclined to leave you to the tender mercies of the Xarrs. Perhaps, after you. have had a further taste of their authority and ways, you may think you can do worse than to marry mc. " Your chaw bacon won't Hud you here ; and if he should, the discovery won't benefit j him. In Jingland, there is a law to I punish thoso who abduct taiuors from ! their parents and guardians. Hβ will i not dare break the law. Your father J has full aud entire claim uptra you. , | 'I doubt .that Jack JSTarr in my father," naid Dora, coolly. "Warner started. ' What inakoK you thiuk so ?' de manded, huskily." ' -ily instinct !' ? Warner looked relieved. ' liomautic nonsense- !* ho nattered. ' It's hard to come down to the truth, but 1 don't wonder that it is no. i pity you, Dora —brought up nt> you have- been, ibis reverse is terrible. I'orgive mo the harsh words I have been betrayed into speaking, and believe we your true friend, if you want-help and comfort, or if you get tired of this place and theso people, lot mc know; my arms arc always open to you. Thiol: the matter over to-night,' ho added, 'and you may have a diiTereut answer for mc iv tho morning!' 'You stay here to-night, then ?' ' I shall "be hero a. day or two. 3 will call upon you again. tu-morrow. Perhaps .reflection may teach you Ho hold out his hand ; Dora hesi tated, then placed her hand coldly in his. ' You need not wait here for an answer,' slu; said; '3-011 have my answer already—the only one I shall ever havo for yon !' Warner" pressed her hand, paused, seeming to he gathi- niig his courage, ;ii:d then, with a sudden movement, lie. caught the uleove of her gray dress in dis lingers, :md dericrouslv lore it open to the elbow. The girl stalled brick, reddening with indignation. But Warner heM her wrist iv a fierce grip, and drew it up to the light. He saw imprinted upon tho white soft llesh what he exposed. Tltoif it was. a red, irregular vro.ia, small and <jti:iiut of ah.ipc, but per fectly distinct and recognisable- It w::s tin: marl: which I.urd Ciinmpi.or had deM'ribu.i as having !>.?<?!. on tlui arm of his supposed .lead daughter. Warner uttered an ejaculation that Dora failed to comprehend, and eaid— * Forgive mo that itiad impulse. I am going, Dora, but you may expect mc to-morrow.' lie hurried out of the room in a strange agitation, locking the door he-hind him, and giving the toy to Mrs Xarr, who was silling patiently on the stairs. Then he followed the woman Joivh to tho parlour, ;nut'.eriiig— j "I see it all! The girl is tho ! daughter that Lord Champimr and Lady i;.iri.ar:i mourn a.s dead. " 1 see my u;iycloar to ?v i:ium_v!iatu fortune. The g rl's spirit must be broken. Sue mu>l. becomu mine at once, by fair ?mans or foul. 1 shall stop 1* UOi'lill!' ' J (/?>>> 1 „!,.,,,<? I 