SUPREME COURT— CRIMINAL SITTINGS. Tuesday, April 3. Before his Honor Mr. Justice Bundey and jurnis.] The Crown Solicitor (Mr. J. IL Stuart) prosecuted. NO CASE. In the case of Hermann JLldenhoven, who was charged with perjury, aud lor whom Sir J. W. Downer, Q.O., appeared, the Crown Solicitor said tbe acting- Attorney-General had tiled a certificate of no case. AKKAIGNMENTS. Paul Mencke (17) pleaded guilty to felo niously stealing one gold brooch value £7, one sovereign, the property of Elizabeth Demiel ; also stealing one gold brooch value £5, the property of Rose Ash, at Adelaide, on February 24. Mencke, who is only 17 years of age and who has only been in the colony since Novem ber last, said in reply to the interpreter that he had nothing to say. His Honor said 10 was fortunate for the prisoner that tbe records of the court did not show that he had been previously convicted. He could give him eight years, but consider ing it was the prisoner's first offence and his youth he would not receive 6uoh a severe sentence, but if ho came before the court again he would probably be awarded tbe full penalty the law allowed. Ordered to be im prisoned for two years with hard labor. TIIE 11ECKNT BDEGLAHIES. Charles Choat, 23, waa charged as follows : — That be did feloniously break and enter the dwelling-house of Ariscide Gandolfi and steal money a of the valuu of £34 10s. aud a cbeqno for £9, a4 Goodwood, December 17, 1893. Also break and enter the dwelling-house of Amelia Mary Litcgaian and steal a gold watch and other articles, value £14, and moneys, value 5a.; and & dozen teaspoons, value £1, the property of Susannah Hill, at Mitcbam, January 1, 1894. Also break and enter a church and steal a monstrance and other articles, va'.ue £22, the property of Win. Kennedy, at North Adelaide, uf arch 17, 1894. Also break and enter tbe dwelling-house of one Jane Wiles and steal one watcil and other articles, value £11 5s. 2d., and moneys, value 3d., of Fanny Elizabeth Wiles ; a watch and other artioles, value £3 5s. lid., the property of Annie Wiles ; also a stud and other articles, value 6s., the property of Jane Wiles, at Wayville, March 18, 1894* Also feloniously break and enter tbe dwelling house of Minna Clausen and steal a gold watch and other articles, value £25 8a. lid., and a lady's silver watoh, value £2, a lady's silver albert chain, value £1, and a silver bangle, value 10s., the property of Edith Smith, at Malvern, February 25, 1894. Defendant pleaded guilty to all the charges save the first, that of stealing from Aristide Gandolfi' s house, in which the Crown Solicitor entered a nolle prosequi. Frederick Burns (34) pleaded guilty to the following charges :— That he did feloniously break and enter a church and steal a mon strance and other articles, value £22, the pro perty of William Kennedy, at North Adelaide, March 17, 1S94. Also feloniously break and enter the dwelling house of Jane Wiles, and steal a watoh and other articles, value £11 5s. 2d., and moneys, value Sd., the property of Fanny Elizabeth WUes. Also a watch and chain, and other artioles, value £3 5s. lid., the property of Annie Wiles. Also a stud and other articles, value 6s., the property of Jane Wiles, at Wayville, Maroh 18, 1891. Also feloniously break and enter the dwelling house of Minna Clausen and steal a gold watoh and other artioles, valae £25 8s. lid., tho pro perty of Minna Clausen; and a lady's silver watoh, value £2 ; a lady's silver albert chain, value £1 ; and a silver bangle, value 10s.. the property of Edith Smith, at Malvern. Feb ruary 25, 1894. w nen asted it he bad anything to say Burns handed in a statement to hiB honor. _ Choat said he met a man named Can some six or seven months ago who showed him a lot of jewellery and told him that he could Bell it at Rosengarten's. Prisoner then went on to make some allegations against Mr. Rosengarten, stating that he would not have robbed the church but for Mr. Rosengarten. The latter encouraged him to bring jewels to hiB shop. His Honor eaid be could soft take My notice of Ghost's statement about his1 being tempted by Cam He did not re member such a wbolatale series of burglaries coming before the court before. Burglary was a crime that was on the increase not only in Soutb Australia but aleo'in tbe other colonies, and it was intolerable in a hot climate. People had been in the habit owing to the heat ot the climate of leaving their windows open, snd if tbe crime of burglary were allowed ta go on it would make residence in Australia additionally hard during the summer month?. Burns was, he judged by the statement handed in, a man ot Bume education and could get hia living without stealing. Meeting him, no on«j would take liicu to be of the burglar type. Prisoner bad been previously convicted and could bo im prisoned for the term ' of his natural life. Choat had not been convicted before, but he must punish biui as severely as he did his fellow ^prisoner. To rob a ctmrcb was intolerable — simply intolerable, and wh-_n justice sheeted such a. crime home punishment must and would follow. Stiii he would give the prisoners one more ohance. On each chsrpo on which they had been convicted they would each be imprisoned and kept at bard labor for s*veu years, the sentences to be concurrent — seven years in all. The Crown Solicitor — As regards the re marks made by prisocer, I might say that Mr. Rosengarten was practically in the employ ment of the police and kept them informed of th« Htuft taken to his place by prisoners. His Honor — Of course a statement made by a prisoner not on oath cau have no weight. The police had aright to employ an instrument ho long as they did nothing unfair, and I see nothing to justify any adverse observations. FALSE PEETENXE3. Richard Dane (54) pleaded guilty to unlaw fully obtaining by means of false pre tences from Frederick Charlick and his co partner the sum of £1, with intent ' to defraud, at Adelaide, February 24. Prisoner said he came from the country and had been drinking hard for two or three weeks and was so drunk that he did not know what he was doinp. He did not know that he signed the cheque, and he did not know that he had cashed is. Ho could have got the money in Melbourne or Sydney. His Honor said unfortunately for prisoner he appeared to have been convicted before in tho Polica Court. Ha waa unable to accept the prisoner's statement th it ho was drunk when he signed the cheque as tbe signature did not look like that of an intoxicated individual. Then he bad asked the clerk at Charlick's to till in the body of the cheqne. Ordered to be imprisoned for 12 calendar months in the Ade laide Gaol. A FAMOUS YOUNG OFFENDER. John Martin (14), tbe lad whose deeds have provided more than one newspaper paragraph of late, pleaded guilty to feloniously breaking and entering tue dwelling-house of Henry Jackson Moseley, and stealing one pair of boots, value 2s. 6d ; quo gold watch and chain, value £3 ; one gold ring, value £1; one ooat, value 10s.; one gold riugr, value £5 : one purse, value 5e. ; and moneys, value 4s. 6d., at Magill, on March 2S, 1S94. Martin, who has a nice face and does not look like a *' bold bad boy,' said he would not have run o£ from the iteformatory bat Mr. Buttons was cruel to liim, and he would not haw stolen the thinge only be knew that if he did not he would have to go back to Mr. Buttoup. His Honor — If I send you to a gentleman who is good and kind to boys, will you be trne to him ? Prisonf-r — Yes. His H^nor eaid the prisoner bad escaped from tbe institution 14 times, and had shown daring courage ; now ho wanted him to be a bold good boy, rot a bold bad boy. He had a chance of becoming a good man, and if he were tbe comuiaoder of a mau-of-war he would take him and put bini uncier discipline. What he proposed to do instead of sendine prisoner to the Stockade, where he would have the chance of being thrown amoug criminate, was to send him to a Weil known gentleman, Mr. Burton, who tried to reform lads like the priaouer. Mr. Burton bad undertaken to give the lad a trial, and he would Srtud him to that gentleman and if be behavr-d himself be would not be punished. Hits Honor asked the boy, not as a judge but as a well-wisher, to conduct himself properly. Prisoner was referred to Mr. Burton ?nd entered into a recognisance of £100 co come up for trial when called upon. THE1T. Augustus Charles Long (27) pleaded not guilty to feloniously stealing one pair of boots, valu^ 10a. Gc)., tb« property of Patrick Healy, at Adelaide, on February 20. The facts ol the case were simple, the theft being amply proved, and prisoner in reply to a query us to whether be had anything to say, practically admitted that he had stolen tbe boots. Prisoner, said in answer to his Honor — 'I have suffered a lot ; I have been treated cruel. I admit taking the boots, but I had no intention to defraud. Our labor mem ber. Mr. It. Wood, M.P., said he would rather steal than live on the bread of charity. If he is justified in standing up before 2,000 people and saying that, am I nob justified in doing eo too 2' Hi« Honor said prisoner had p.tated that he had been advised — (Prisoner— 'NoD advised') — to steal rather than accept the bread of charity. If a member of Parliament did advise prisoner to do that he had committed a crime, but if hn djd not advise him so to do, prisoner had done the representative of the people a great wrong. This was a case, bis Honor thought, whioh should have been dealt with in tbe lower court, as it was never tht- intention of the Legislature that the court should have its time taken up with such cases. Sentencr d to threo months' imprisonment in the Adelaide Gaol. INFLICTING BODILY HARM. John Cooper (Hi) pleaded not guilty to a charge ot unlawfully and maliciously inflicting grievous bodily harm upon Maud Wendon, at Adelaide, on March 5. The evidence was to the effect that prosecutrix, who lived with pritom-r, refused the latter come roouey, aud then Cooper used some strong language and twisted her arms, the re sult being that one of them was broken in tbe scuffle. Prosecutrix cried out, ' Oh, Jack, you have broken my area,' and he replied, 'Yes, you cow, and it would not take me long to cut your throat.' The defence was that the arm was broken when the prosecutrix fell in the scuffle. Tbe jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and his Honor is discharging prisoner advised him to abstain from drink in the future. NOK- APPEAKANCE OI-1 PBOSECUTOE. Charlts Jo-this (33) pleaded not guilty to stealing one metal watch, value £1, the pro perty cf JaoiHM Keane, at Adelaide, on January 11. When called upon tho prosecutor did not respond, and his Houor ordered his recognisances to be estreated. His Honor said there was no evidence, and under the circumstances tbe duty of the jury was to acquit the defendant. A verdict of not guilty was returned. When the court bad risen Keane put in an appearance and told one of tbe police officials that he bad understood that tbe case would not have come on till later in the day. HOUSKBEEAKING. TFni. Oslorne (lb) was charged with feloniously breaking and entering the shop of Emily Williamson and stealing money value 10s., odo packet value 63., and 30 dinner tickets, 30g., at Adelaide on March 5. Tbe shop in the Arcade was broken iuto and the articles ru&ctioned; above were stolen, tnd the detectives succeeded in finding the puree ou tbe prisoner, a cuff found in the shop corre sponded with one belonging to the prisoner found at his lodgings. Prisoner de clined to make any statement as to how be becaoie possessed of the stolen property, and when atked if he had anything to say in court, replied, 'No.' The jury without re tiring found a verdiot of guilty! Prisoner then pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing from a dwelling-house at Goodwood on Sun day. March 13. His Honor, in sentencing prisoner, said he quite concurred with tbe verdico of the jury, and if they had any doubt they would feel relieved when they found prisoner plead ing guilty to the second cbartre. What the prisoner's career was elsewhere he did not know, but his was a dangerous crime that must be put down. Prisoner would be sen tenced to tour years' imprisonment with hard labor on each charge, the sentences to be con current — four years in all. The court adjourned till the following day. 