TIHE IZYSTEIRY OF 'CLEMifENT DUNIRtAVELE BY JEAN MIDDLE;AS, Autbor of AGirl in a Thousanoo, "Touch and Go,'- "S<aleod by a Kioo," "By Fair leanso " te. LISBET3I SAW CLM~EN~T SLOWLY STROLLING TIIROUOGH THE GARDEN. SV?IOTSIS OF PUREVIOlS CIAPTERS. Ciarv.ecs . and II. - Sir Louis Dunraven, of Aboyne Court, has two nephews, Clement Dunraven and Pierce Vaughan. The baronet wishes the former to marry Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, and makes it a condltion of him leaving him his property that he ehould propose to her at once. lI cosnents, but with a secret sorrow. Pierce Vaughan, who is ill love with Gertrude, determines that he will discover the secret of his cousin, and accidentally finds a note in the following terms :-' Deaest Clem,-Thanks for your darling note I will meet yoat at the usual place on Tuesday at dusk-- Yourever loving leTA." Clement foes as iauncle deitres him, and propses to and in accepted hby Lady Gertrude. Pierce Voughan hears of the engagement with chagrin. As he as walking the grounds trying to cool his fevered brow le distinetly acsees a strange woman leave thlem. So msddenly lind she appeared and disappeared that she ecems like a ghost. PAnT or ConcErn 111-Clement Dunraven, after mlhiengagementwith Lady Gertrude, visits a little cottage about four miles from Aboyne Court, and there meets Lisbeth Glendenning, whom, in a weak moment, he lhas made his wife. CHAPTER III.-(Cos?Raa en). Clement watched the fearful struggle which conflicting feelings wore causing, and at last grew somewhat impatient at the delay. ie hated the whole scene, hated his uncle for forcing him into it, hated Lady Gertrude for being the innocent cause, and hated himself most of all for having been so weak as to be lured from his allegiance to Lisbeth. He would have it over qinckly, why did she delay ? By dint of much false reasoning be had arrived at the conclusion that it all mattered very little, since if he married Lady Gertrade twenty times over, he should always love Lisbeth beet, and to a girl in Lisbeth'a position the fact of not being his acknow fhege wife could not make any reasl differ ence. When old Josh died Clement knew full well that she would not have a sinole sixpence, and he would not be able to gave her anything if she forced him to acknow ledge his marriage, whereas, once let him grasp Sir Lois' fortune and he would take good care that Lisbeth lived in clover. They had been a pair of fools to get themselves into this position, and it was only making matters worse to go on with it, if Lisbeto could only be persuaded to see things in a proper light. " Well, Bott," he said at last, "you take a long time to make up your mind, and after all it is not such a very serious affair. You will ee me quite as often as yea do now, and I will take care yon never have a trouble or a thought about money." "It's not that, Clem, it is not myself I am thinking of; I would sacrifice money and happiness both, for yonradvantage ; that you know full well. It always seems to me as if it were a woman's privilege to suffer for the san she loves." " That being your idea I do not see that much difficulty remains," said Clam. " Yes, there is one. I am going to tell you my determination, Clem. I hope it will not make you angry. Anyway, you will have to abide by it." He drew her towards him once more and kissed her. "Sweet love, you were always good to me. " But you have not yet heard what I have to say. It all depends on the child, Clem. If it is a girlI will consent to be silent about the marriage, and let her suffer as her mother will, in order to give her father riches and place. A little more or less misery will not make much difference in a woman's life. But if the child is a boy I will not have my marriage kept a secret, he must take his father's name and inherit the baronetcy as hIis father's heir." Clement Dunraven looked at her aghast. "' Good heavens, Lisbeth, what nonsense. Why should a boy be more considered than a girl P On the contrary he can make his way ia the world when a girl cannot do so." " It seems to me, Clm," she said, speak. ng with much dignity, " that younhave come here to day to ask of me the very greatest favor a man can ask a woman, even to give -sp her reputation and good name forhis sake. If I grant this favor and consent to take my pelane among the outcasts of society for your dear sake, it must be on my own terms. Once agas I repeat, if the child yet to bhe born is a boy he must takmeyour name and in herit your title." "But, my dearest Bett, it will be weeks yet before we shall know. My unle's orders that this marriage with Lady Gertrude takes place at once are imperative. He is in very bad health, and if he should die before the avnent comes off, then everything is lost." " All that, Clem, you must arrange accord ing to your judgment. Marry 'Lady Ger trude to-morrow if you like, only if my child s a boy I shall announce my prior claim ; it it is a girl I will go whither you will, do as you will, trusting to your love that you will not desertmo utterly. Yoseoo I have strong belief in you; in spite of your weakness, my Clem." "I shall never forsake you, Balt. I will be true to you until death, althongh you are placing me in a very difficult position now." "The position is difficult, my beloved; it has always been difficult; until the end comes it will remain so. Now, dear, do not let us talk any more about this other marriage which you are going to contract, but be happy in each other's love for a brief space. Grand father Is very ill and I must return to him saon orhe will be wearying for me." "You are very kind to your grandfather, Bett. Far kinder than you are to me, and yet he has been cruel to you." "All men are cruel," she answered, "' most cruel when they seem to love you Clement Danraven winced. Liebeth would Iscarcely please him as much as she had .b)lsherto done, if she began to give him truisms lnstead of kisses. Could it be possible that the power shehad ovev him for many months past was already a little on the wane. No, there was no woman in the whole world like Lisbeth. He was only a little provoked at her to.day, because she would not obey his w.shoi jmplicitly. He loved her all the more for $61 her loyalty, would ever love her the best on r earth. "I fervently and ardently wish that Lidy Gertrude was dead," he said, enciroling Lis. beth in a very close embrace. " Oh, Clem, how wrong it is to talk like that. For the last two days I have been madly, wildly jealous of that beautiful Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, but to-day I pity her from my very heart. Yes, I do think, Clem, that she needs pity even more than I do, who am your rejected, deserted wife." "You are neither rejected nor deserted, sweet one. You are only helping me to obtain a fortune, which will be most advan tageous to us both." " You will be very good to Lady Ger trude, Clem. You will not let her see that she is second in your affections." " I will try and do my duty by her, Bett. But it will be very difficult, knowing all the while that sheis unsurping your place." "I wonder if lse loves you, Clem, loves you as much as I do-" "Confound her, that is just what she does. If she did not adore me quite so palpably it would not have entered into Uncle Louis' head to force this marriage." " Poor Lady Gertrude !" again repeated Lisbeth. She took a sort of pleasure m tor turing herself with thinking out the future relations between her Clement and Lady Ger trude. By sight she knew Lady Gertrude Vers choyle very well. The Earl, as Lord Mel bury was called by all the people in and around Coleshill, owned moeet of the property in those parts, and was looked up to as if he were a small king. Liabeth was strongly imbued with the veneration in which the Earl and all his family were held. In fact, it is very doubtful if she would have con sented to naive her claims on Clement, since she was really and truly his wife, for any star of lesser magnitude than Lady Ger trude. To her unsophisticated mind it seemed a kind of honor to herself that her Olement should be called upon to make such a grand alliance, and that she, an unknown and in significant minim, should be brought into rivalry with the greatest lady of the county. Uneducated people like Lisbeth Glendin. ning have strange ways of looking at the cir cumstances which arise in life, hence her willingness to give place to Lady Gertrude, if the son and heir, whose portion she con sidered ought to be her first thought, did not come between them. The wort bigamy and the chance that Clement stood of having his first marriage found out, and standing in a dock for his pains, never once entered her head. If she chose to give him up what right had anyone else to interfere, she would have asked. They did not discuss the situation any farther, there seemed nothing more to say. They tried to be happy again for the few I fleeting moments left to them. A bar, how ever, had come across the escutchoeon of their happiness, and life would never again be the same for either of them. although neither realised what trouble in the future they had been preparing for themselves. At last a hoarse cry from the upper room put a stop to the interview, which had as suamed a painfully strained character. It was old Josh who had awakened from a sleep, fretful and angry at finding himself alone, and was calling Lisbeth. " God bless you, Clem," she said, kissing him hurriedly, " and may your happiness be as great as is the love of your poor de sorted Bett." She was gone, and he stood alone by the doorpost for some minutes after she had lefthim. Not until she was gone did he seem fully to take in how terrible was the position in which he found himself. He was engaged to Lady Gertrude Versechoyle, with the full consent of his uncle and the Earl of 3el bury. Before many hours were over there would be paragraphs in all the society papers announcing the approaching marriage in high life, and vet the realisation of the event depended entirely on a freak of chance. If Lisbeth's child were a boy, his previous mar riage would be made known, and branded with the name of blackguard he would go forth Into the world a pauper. What a fool Lisbeth was. What good would it do the boy to be a baronet, since lie would have no money to keep up his position ; but to reason any farther with her on the subject would, he felt, be very useless. Lisbeth was always unflinchingly firm to her resolutions. Clement Dunraven looked anything blintan expectant and happy bridegroom as he stood there waiting and hoping that Lisbeth might come back. He did not expectthat, however eloquent or imperious he might be, it would beoof any avail, but he felt he might as well make one more effort to bring her to what he was pleased to consider- reason. But Liabeth did not return. Old Josh was querulous, and wanted her ; moreover, she did not care for any further talk with Clo ment ; their late conversation had filled her mind with so much torturing and perplexing thought that she preferred to be alone, as alone that is as Josh's constant requirements would permit. She knew quite well that Clenment was still standing by the back door, because he could not have gone away without her hear ing his foot-fall on the gravel path, and she wondered what he could be doing there so long, but she made no attempt to go and see. After a long time, just as old Josh fell asleep once more, she heard him walk away, and going to the window, she saw him slowly strolling through the garden with bent back and lowered head, looking the very incarnation of misery. Then Lisbeth's overflowing heart could stand the strain that had been putupon it no longer, She fell on her knees beside a chair and wept, as those only "Roep to whom the future brings no hope. Absolutely absorbed by h'&a; desperate grief she saw nothing, heard nothing while the paroxysm lasted, and th'juch some one rang the bell at the front do or of the cottage, the sound never reached 'ner. A second time it pealed more loudly, but still Lisbeth heeded it not, and the visitort, impatient at being kept waiting, went rornd the back. Clement Dunraven was well out of sight by this time, but he had rashly left evidences of his presence in the shape of a note on the window sill olose by. Tbyhe man, for it was a man, who had prowled round in search of some inmate, took up the note and looked at it ouriously. It bore no superscription, and was therefore, he probably considered, public property. Any. way, he opened it, for it was merely folded and not fastened in any way. An exclamation rose to his lips when he saw the handwriting, which he recognised at once, though the missive was in pencil. He had not time, however, to make himself master of its contents, for Lisbeth, having partially recovered from the storm that was raging at her heart, came down the stairs in order to resume her daily occupations in the kitchen, and to prepare some soup for the old man's next wakmng. The man, shy at being caucht in the act of prying, dropped the note; the next moment he regretted that he had not pocketed it. But it was too late, Lisboth was already at the door. She did not know the man. She did'' nt remember ever having seen him before? and wondered why he had come, since strangers called but rarely at their cottage. She asked him somewhat roughly what he wanted. With her quick sense of discrimina tion she saw that he was a gentleman, though not a pleasant one, she decided at the same moment. " I was coming into Coleshill today, so I was asked to call here by Lady Marcia Fol jambe. She wishes to know how Mr Glen dinning is, and if there is anything she can do for him 1" "Thank you, there is nothing. My grand father is very ill-the doctor says he will not live many days." " And you are here all alone, my poor girl P" "I am alone-yes." He looked at her swollen eyes, for which her grandfather's hopeless condition ac counted, but which secretly marred her superb, Juno-like beauty, and he felt en slaved. " Shall I not send you a nurse, or one of Lady Marcia's servants would come." "Lady Marcia is very good, but I can do all thatis necessary, thank you, and I want nothing." The tone was majestic, and the bearer of the message from Brentwells felt himself dis missed. He lifted his hat and turned to walk away. "There is a note or something lying there," he said, carelessly, as he did so. Lisbeth blushed crimson. She knew full well whose note it was, but he did not appear to remark her trouble; he only smiled om placently as he saw her take it up. "Good taste; by Jove, Clement has good taste in women. Of course, that is Beta. How lucky to have discovered this secret. It may be useful." The man who had called at the cottage was Pierce Vaughan, and he had recognised Lisbeth as the woman he had seen in Brentwells Park on the night of the ball. CHAPTER IV.-WiHERE HAS SnE Go.s ? "We have much pleasure in announcing that the niarriago of Lady Gertrude Versohoyle, only daughter of the Earl of Melbury, and Mr ClementDanraven, nephew and heir of Sir Louis Dunraven, is fixed for the 10th January. The bride is beautiful and charming, the bridegroom handsonme and popular. The union of two of the leading families in the country gives the very greatest pleasure to the relations and friends of the contracting parties. Not one dissentient voice has said them nay, and if their wedded life is as thUrnlees as has been the path of roses .which;has attended their love, no pair in the length and breadth of prosperous England is more to be envied. "Thebridaltrouseeauhas beenordered with profuse generosity and the greatest taste from some of the leading firms m London and Paris, while local talent had not been entirely left out in the cold. And the jewels, which have already been bestowed by Sir Louis and his nephew on the fair fiancee are costly and rare. Such was the verbose and pompous para graph which appeared in the " ColeshillMer cury," about two days before Christmas, and to most of the local readers the perusal brought a glad feeling; they loved to think that two young people who had been brought up in.their midst should be on the high road to so much happiness. But one or two of those who saw it, shivered as they read. Elvira Dnlane was one of these. The recollection of how she had likened to a shroud the ball-dress Lady Gertrude had worn at Lady Marcia Fol. jambe's ball, came back to her with un pleasant vividness, for now as then she had evil forebodings as to how her friend's mar riage with the mysterious Clement would turn out. She had consented to be a bridesmaid, and gave herself endless trouble about the dresses; still, her heart misgave her. Even as she read the paragraph she wondered what Pierce Vaughan thought about it. She often found herself connecting his opinion with her own even when she did not intend to do so, since she had one of those strange heart yearnings towards him, which clever charming women not infrequently have for men who are not in any way worthy of them By coincidence, affinity Elvira would probably have thought it, Pierce Vaughan, though somewhat distant, was reading the pagraph at the very same moment that she was. He scarcely smiled on the marriage, any more than did Miss Delane, but from a very different cause. This projected marriage not only put an end for ever to all chance Pierce Vaughan once believed himself to have, of becoming his unole's heir, but he himself had had aspirations for Lady Gertrude'shand, and consequently he regarded Clement in the light of a hated rival. Sir Louis always sent the "Coleshill MerOcury" to Pierce Vaughan, and he had rseived it as usual that morning in his Temple Chambers, but as he intended to leave by an early train, in order to go down and spend Christmas at Aboyno Court, he thrustit into his pocket to read en route. As he did so, his fists clenched, and his brow grewas contracted and dark that a solitary old gentleman who was in the carriage with him had serious doubts as to his sanity, and contemplated changing his seat at the next station. It was Coleehill, however, and Pierce Vaughan himself got out. He looked about. There was no trap awaiting him from Aboyne Court. A mis take had been made in the telegram, and he had not been expected so early. " Someone would call for his luggage later in the day ; he would oave it in the cloak room and walk," so he told the station. master. But he looked so dark and angry that the man remarked to a subordinate : "I pity them as has made the mistake. They'llget it hot. Lucky for us all as Mr Clement is to have the Court, and not this 'ere London scowler." Pierce, however, was not thinking about the mistake ortho absent trap, but rather glad, on the contrary, to find himself alone, and with an hour or two on hishands. The announcement in that newspaper had so roused his jealous ire that he had arrived at a spiteful and desperate resolution, viz., that if it lay within his power, he would stop his cousin's marriage with Lucy Gertrude. In order to bring this about he came to the conluslon that a visit to the dilapidated old cottage, where Lady Marcia had sent him two months ago to inquire after Josh Glsndinning, might, with diplomacy, be pro ductive of an advantegeous result. Through the town, then, he walked briskly nor paused until he reached the cottage in question. In the winter the placo looked oven more dilapidated than when he had beeoon there before. He rang the bell as he had done on that former occasion, and as hald thenou happened, again the sound clanged through thin house, but no one came. Another vigorous pull produced no better result, and once more Pierce Vaughan walked round to the back door. This time, however, it was shut. He looked through the kitchen window, on the Dill of which he had found Clement's note, There was no fire or other symptom of habitation; in fact, the whole place seemed utterly de t sorted. He turned back, and as he reached t the front gate an elderly woman, tersely de scribed by the word " hag," was coming in. " What has become of the Glendinnings P I cannot make anyone hear ?" said Pierce Vaughan. i "Lord bless yer soul, Josh Glendinning k has been dead these six weeks or more. He t is in his grave down yonder." e " And his pretty granddaughter ?" The old woman's eyes twinkled, and she looked at him as if to ask " Are you a lover by chance ?" e He shook his head in response to her un t spoken words, and then she said " She left these yore parts within a fort f night of old Josh's death." " And where has she gone 1" S"That I dunno. It was a sort of mid. night flitting. She said as how she was gom' to see an aunt in London, but no one I saw her go, and she has left no address be. hind. One day she was there and the next f she wasn't, that's all we know. But Lisbeth t Glendinning always was a strange, uncanny sort of girL The bit of a drab as used to do errands for her sometimes says as she packed up.most of the things as was worth anything Safre she left, but the doors is all locked, and no one can got in to see what shehas done with them." ', Did she go off with a lover, do you think 1" " Shouldn't think it," said the old woman, a "she was always stand-off with the boys in the town. The man has to be created as 1 would please Lisbeth's fancy. I thought perhaps a big. swell like you, now, had done the trick." a "Not I. I scarcely knew her. I had a message from my cousin, Air Clement Dun. raven." $ "What, he as is going to marry Lady Gertrude Versohoyle ' What's a gentleman Sas is going to make a marriage like that to do with a girl like Lisbeth Glendinning 1" " That's exactly it. Under the circum stances he cannot come himself, so he was obliged to depute me." Pierce Vaughan was disappointed not to find Lisbeth and discover for himself some. thing of the relations which existed or had existed between her and Clement. The next best thing to further discovery was, he con sidered, to diplomatically calumniate Cle ment and set the Coleshill people talking, so that the scandal might at last reach the ears of Lady Gertrude. "Every little helps to make a big whole," Pierce Vaughan thought, and he was still as resolved as ever to stop this marriage if it were possible. Only he was beginning to ba afraid that he had somewhat over-rated the I intrigue between his cousin and this Lisbeth SGlendinning. " If Coleshill town knew naught about it, there couldn't be much to know," he argued, yet the girl's sudden dis appearance at this junction was strange. The old woman made no reply to his state. ment about the message from Clement, of which he was the bearer, but she looked so bewildered and aghast at the statement that the subtle Vaughan saw that his shaft had struck home, and that inuendoes about Cle ment and Lisbeth Glendinning would soon be in full circulation without it being necessary for him to commit himself any farther. He asked the old woman a little sternly what she was doing there since the house was looked up, and being told that she had only come for a few sticks to light her fire, which he did not believe, he proceeded in search of a new combination whereby to attain his ob ject. He found it in a form for which he was scarcely prepared, even in a meeting with Clement Duraven himself, who was smoking a cigar and wandering in the little wood in a mood scarcely less dejected than that which had overpowered him on the day of his pro. posal to Lady Gertrude. The two cousins were always outwardly on the very best ofterms, but they never confided their individual affairs in the very least to each other. They met now with much apparent cordiality. " Hullo, Clem, you look as love-sick as a bird with the pip," cried Vaughan, who had seen Clement before he himself had been re cognised. "And you, Pierce, what are you doing here? Have you walked from Coleshill ? You Londoners are more energetic than one gives you credit for." " It is not my energy; it is Brook's fault, he never brought the trap. But that does not matter since it has given me the opportunity of meeting you. I want to have a chat with you. I have never really had an opportunity of congratulating you on your engagement. I hope lit really makes you haopp, Clem, though, by Jove, you scarcely look it." " Oh, I am happy enough. Luckiest dog in Christendom, you know, but I am afraid this engagement is scarcely a subject of con gratulation to you. I always fancied you were a little hard hit in that quarter your self." "Not a bit of it, my dear fellow. Lady Gertrude is charminir and fascinating, and as your wife I hope I shall be on very good terms with her. But I have no thoughts about matrimony. I must make my fortune first." Clement tried to laugh, but looked un easy. He knew full well that this was not true, and that Vaughan was disappointed, both about the lady and the heirship. If he had spoken from his heart he would have bidden him take them both and let him be free, free from the dread he was already feeling lest his secret marriage should be' come public property. It would, however, he thought, be almost as difficult to own it now as to let things take their course. So he remained silent and allowed events to drift, though he looked so overcome by anxiety that even Lady Gertrude did not fail to notice it, and people still wondered what the mystery of his life could be. nBut how could he be otherwise, when he did not know even now whether Lisbeth would allow the marriage to go on, or, even worse still, whether after it was perpetrated, she might not annul it. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 