SPIRIT PHOTOS. HOW TO 15AISE GHOSTS. The spirit photos presented m a recent Issue in connection with the exposure n Sydney, make specially interest ing an interview lately published in a London paper. It ia as follows:— “ Nothing is easier. I can turn you out ?hnsts by the dozen. They can bo done to irdor just lihe anything else less ethereal. As a matter of fact, tbo beginner in oar pro fession is often a gbostmaher quite against hia -will. They cemo without his bidding, md disgusted enough' ho gets with them-when they present themselves to him where ee would fain have conjured tho counterfeit oi flesh and blood upon bis-plate.” dVe were standing in a large Baker etreet photographic studio ; a thousand children’;* faces beamed down from tho walls, for is not ilr Faulkner par excellence tho photographer* of children? Of ghosts there were none,, apparently, but we had appealed to Mr* Faulkner for some explanation of OHOSTS IX THE CAHKllA, because it :s said that next to ghosts children aro tho most difficult “objects” to photo graph, and we ielt convinced that, in his wide experience, Mr Faulkner must occasionally have crossed tho thin border wiyij.1 divides the child and tbo ghost, rrr_ili. next-door neighbors in the photographer^ ' camera. Tho immediate fact which led to the invasion by tho “ Westminster Gazette” of Mr Faulkner’s studio was the bona-fide photography of a ghost. A youDg girl had been photographed, in a private room, by an amateur photographer, who, so far, declines to bcliovo in ghosts. When the photograph was developed there appeared behind the figure of the girl in classic gar ments another face—shadowy, but perfectly visible—tho face, apparently, of a man with towzly hair and a dark moustajhe, bending over the girl's shoulder. Thoro was no trickery of any kind : the plate bad not been tampered with; no one had interfered while the photographing wa3 in process, new CAME THIS CK-3ST OX TO THE 1T.ATE ?' Mr Faulkner, as an expert, was asked to explain. “It is the best ghost I have ever seen on a photograph,” this gentleman ex plained, after a minute examination of tho piato, “ and how it has got there I cannot exactly’tell. Though, mind you,” added Mr Faulkner, with the ghost of an amused smile, 411 am no more a believer in ghosts than you aro. Thero aro various ways in which an im pression of this kind can be produced on a camera. In the present case I should say that either somebody has passed behind th lady while tha plate on which she was being photographed was exposed, or a reflection on eoine window or glas3-door has produced the etleot. Auy photographer can i .MASri'ACTCIlK fillOST KOU YOU with the greatest ease. For instance, if I give a long exposure to a plate, and during tho exposure some one-p6r!iaps draped iu a Bheet—appears for a moment behind the sitter, and then disappears again, a faint impression appears, of course, on the piato. When I first took to photography, yearB ago, I often amused myself and my assistant by producing ghosts in this way. And beginners in photography very often produce ghostsagainst their wills by incor rectly focussing the object they are about to photograph. “ Then, again, it is very easy, for anyone inclined to do so to hoax Spiritualists and other people of fervent faith. An impression may be made on a plate and covered np. Afterwards, when a boliever imagines that a ghost is present and might bo caught in tho camera, the plate is exposed once more and both Spiritualist and “ ghost ” appear m the photograph. It is truly marvellous bow some of tho good people who go in for spiritualism and kindred sciences allow them selves to bo duped- We have bad several, iustanoes ot this kind. Some time ago an old gentleman, a barrister, who had a very good position in tho colonies, lived over here, just round tho corner. He was a great faith healer and spiritualist; a clever old fellow, I should say, mid thoroughly in earnest about his occult science. His wifo died, and he came here one morning saying that he would liko to bo photographed. He would bring what lie called his battery, and hs thought THE BITJ11T OF HIS WIFE would appear on tho plate. Of course, I had to keep serious ; it was not my business to ex press an opinion about the spirit. Presently he came in, and with him waB a party of men and women. These were his ‘ battery. I put him in position for a photograph, and the battery sat behind him in a temicirclo, far enough away not to come into the focus ot the cameia. Presently, a member of the battery, a wretched-locking little cobbler, began to groan and wriggle and to go into alt kinds of contortions. ‘ He can’t help it,’ a young lady of tho party informed me ; ‘nor can ho holp talking in that strange way. He i3 in a trance, possessed by THE Sl’lIHT 01- AH 3XDIAX CHIEF.’ It wa3 well “he explained, for the fellow began to talk in a would-be foreign accent, the meat absurd and idiotic stuff I have ever listened to. Sometimes be forgot himself, and talked in his own Cockney tongue, but then he pulled himself together again, and we had a little more of the Indian chief. It was a great ^ joke, but I was sorry for the poor old man who was deluded by jheso people. When the photograph was taken, the young lady of tho party insisted upon coming iutothe darkioom to seo what was on the plate. Of course there was nothing except tbo fine fignre of tha old Colonel, but she turned to me and said, in a very superior tone, ‘ To you it does not ap pear so, because your eyes are not opened t but I see millions and millions of aDgels on this plate.’* “ Another time, now a good many year3 ago, wo had a curious experience with people of this olaas. A very lovely young lady, of a well-known aristocratic family, had boon photographed and painted by us several times. Slie married, and after some years her husband came to us very Badly, and said he would like us to send down to his house for the purpose of taking A PHOTOCIIAI'II OF TIIEIU DEAD DAIIV When our man got there, the tiny child, which had only lived an hour, could not pos sibly be photographed, but tho husband in sisted on having a likeness of the child, bo one of our artists made a drawing, and as the photograph was absolutely useless, he made it as well as he could after the likeness of the baby’s beautiful mother, which was hang ing in their studio. When it_ was finished tho father came one morning to loo,c at tho picture. He stood before it for some* time, and theu went away, saying he would be back presently. Some hours later he came back, rather excited, andaakou to see the portrait again. Ho stood in front of it, and then asked that the upper part of the face should he covered np, When we had done so he said, with intense satisfaction, ‘ Yes, it is’the child ; I recogniso it by the lower part of the face.’ The man, after leaving ns that morning, had gone to a medium and asked to be shown tho face of hia dead child. Hovr they managed it all I cannot tell, but he cer tainly camo bnck to ub with the impression that our drawing was the portrait of tha angel child he had seen iu the medium m room.’’ 