THE 1 \ R1J8HAMERS' f? UGHTER. ? JF . iirsb eight bo possible, I cor .,.y was in lovo with hor. It was in my young days, when I was visiting Paris for my amuoomont. I had beon strolling about the city all tho morning, and towards noon I found myself in the neighbourhood of the FanbourgSb. Germain, when I caught sight 0? tho beautiful unknown. I stood still as sho panned QO, and Our oyes meb. Her look was cold and haughty then, and I turned away, feeling rather abashed, and not daring to follow her. For dayB and days I lingered about in the hope oi meeting her again, but without success ; and at last) I made up my mind that I would try to forgot that I lmd ever seen hor, At about that time I made tho acquaint ance of M. AugUBte Yerrier. Ho was a per son of vonerablo aspocb, with long whito hair and a patriarchal board. His appear ance did not betoken wealth, but his gener ally cultivated bearing suggested that he bad seen better days. Wo first meb in a cafi to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon found from his conversation that ho was a man of considerable education. After we had meb oome half-a-dozen times, I happened to mention that I took great interosb in matters pertaining to art. He then informed me that lie was a painter by profession, and modestly invited mo to accompany him to his studio and inspect some of his works. l assented, ana lie conauccea mo to u crazy, old, half-timbered house, long since Sulled down, in tho Faubourg St. Germain, iere, having ascended to the topinosb story, we entered the studio, which presented a rather remarkable appearance. Tliore were numbers of pictures, some witli frames and some without, stacked against the walls ; and rows of dusky shelves, with books, casts, und human bones heaped upon them. In one corner was a life-sined model of tho Apollo Belvedere, and in the corner, diagon ally facing it, a complete skeleton hung sus pended from hooks in the wall. This, being on the same side as the window, was barely distinguishable in the deep shadow, and presented a strange, spectre-like appear ance. Tho other corner, on the same side, WAS OCClipiCQ Dj ino ul Llnu 8 GUcGl UllU (*UUVUO| behind which was a lay figure dreaoed in a complete suit of armour, and grasp ing in its oxtonded fist a truncheon, reminding me of tho ghost of Hamlet's father. In the remaining corner stood another figure, which was covered witli a large mass of crimson drapery, apparently tojprotecb it from tlio dust. All about tlio room, wherovor space pormitted, were piled fragments of old armour, witli swords, pistols, halherts, and other weapons in picturesquo disarray. After showing mo several of his paintingB. which were nob indeed works of very high merit, M. Verrier aslced mo if I would take a cup of coffee. I assented, and he rang a small handbell. In response to the summons a young lady entered, bearing black cofleo and cigarrtra upon a smnll tray. A thrill of delightnil surprise ran through me as I recognised in her the unknown one whoso beauty had so profoundly impressed mo on that memor able morning. 'Permit me,' said he — 'Monsieur Clayton, my daughter Mademoiselle Annette Verrier.' I bowed, nnd the young lady returned my obeisance with consummate grace, blushing slightly as she did so. Then sho with drew, after handing us our coffee and cigar ettes. I prolonged my stay rabher inordinately, in rue uopo rnar mane, vomer wouia reappear, but bIio did not, and 1 took my leave at length, resolved to use overy means for becoming better acquainted witli her. Ono day I met M. Verrier in the caf as before, and our conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned that I was fond of ccarte, and asked him if he ever played. 'Alas! not now, monsieur,' replied he. ' For you see I have to be at work every hour of the daylight ; and my physician does not permit that I go out in the evening, on account of my asthma, so I am .obliged to give up my game.' 'But surely, monsieur,' said I, 'your friends might play with me in . your awn rooms ?' 'I have no friends,' said he, 'vrtio care to spend their time in amusing an old man. Ah, no ! most persons can find more lively diversions than that. No matter ; I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter.' I hinted protty strongly that I at least would be only tqo happy to play with him. ' Well then, monsieur,' said he, 's'nee you ure so good as to say eo, if you will name any evening that shall be agreeable to you, it will give me great pleasure to take a hand w'.th you.' I s ugg-i*ted the same, cxtttvngy Vrt'AT 1 he pleased. 'Shall we say nine o'clock then,' said he. ' And if you will do ine the honour to sup with me ? ' a nwLcptvu auu u i ci vv iioiiucu i j uu with a profusion of thanks. What happiness ! I should see Annette— should converse with tier, and should be able to strengthen the favourable Impression I already believed myself to have made. M. Verrier rose to leave the cafe, mutter ing in a half-audible tone as ho did so : 'I must remember to got some cards, for I have not a pack — so long since I have played !' ' Fray do not trouble yourself, monsieur,' 1 oxahumed, ' for, as it happens, I have two now puoks at my hotel.' He thanked me, and walked out. Just then the proprietor of tho cafe, a fat, jovial fellow, who had been removing some glasses near us during our conversation, bqyqjd to me with a smiTo— ' Monsieur must be rich,' he remarked, 'to play with M. Vorrier.' ' indeed ' Ay. For it is his humour to play high. Also it is his humour to win.' What did I cave for that 1 Even if I lost a few louis, the interview with Annette would more than ' repay the saorifico. I resolved to humour hi. Verrior for one even ing at least. The time came, and on my arrival I was ushered by my host into a small and barely furnished room, where a table was laid for two. Our supper wjis very simple ; it. consisted of bread, olieese, and salad, with red wine. Annette attended upon us, mixing our salad and pouring out our wino. She was paler than usual, and the absence of colour in her cheek . rather served to heighten the indescribable air of noblesse that) pervaded .all her movements. I now had to submit to a disappointment for which I had been wholly unprepared. Holding out her hand to mo, she wished me bon soir. She was ooiiig to retire for the rest of the evening. It might have boen partly owing to the wine, but I felt unusually bold, and fs I took the.lily hand in my own I prised it to my lips, '((So kind of you, 'she murmured, softly. ' Sho is an angel !' I said to mysolf, ' an angel of gent-leuo°s and filial affection. Sho has up thought— no CAio for herself; she 6nlv studies her fathpy'P hflnpiness,' {5hn turned te go, unci— I hardly knew how'I nerved myself to say it— I wondered nt my own temerity afterwards i 'You are quitting my sight, mademoi selle,' I oxolaiiiiod, in impassioned tones, ouu your linage will remain enshrined in my heart for over.' An interval of silence then ensued. My companion did not invite conversation, and I was not disposed to talk. I was thinkin; of Annette. 1 now I old mysolf tliiitl lu\\.'' her — yes, this (erling must be love, lur ii was founded uu eciecup ' Come, then, monsieur, said M. Verrior, at length; ' shall we play ? , I assented, and he led the way studio. Everything tliore was preoisely as I had seen it on the previous occasion. M. Verrier motioned mo to a chair, wlioie x soatod myself facing tho easel, which was covered witli a largo whito wrapper. Behind it loomed the mystorious figure in armour, while the Appollo was on my light and tlie skeleton on my left. M. Verrier now removed tho wrappor from the easoi, disclosing to my view an unfinished skotcn, in oils, of his daughter Annette, As I gazed at the portrait, a few inco herent expressions of admiration broke from me, M. Verrier smiled, nnd drawing up a small table towards me, plnccd wine and glasses upon it, nnd took bis seat facing The game commenced ; ive ployed high, and I seemed to loso about three hundred francs in no time. I was a good player, but I did not pay sufficient attention to the cards, partly from a desire to indulge my opponent in his humour, but chiefly because my thoughts wore running upon Annette, nnd my eyes continually wandering to hor portrait upon the easel. M. Vorrier gathered up my stake with tho cool indifferonco of the votoran gamo ster. ' It is better to play thus than in com pany, where they bet upon the cards and advise you what to play, ia it nob, monoiour ?' said he. I expressed concurrence ; bub there was soraebliing in his tone tliab I did nob like. It seemed to convey a covert sneer at my want of skill, and I determined to play my very best. I now won a few games, anil M. Vomer for the first time challonged me to bet. I did so, and lost heavily. The artist played ns if lie had known overy card in my hand — a species of knowledge that is of transcen dent value at iearti. I began to ouspecb that I was being mado the victim of some trickery, though of what nature I could not guess. The cards I had brought with mo, nnd it wns thorcforo impossible that tho backs could have been marked in nny way. What was the secret of M. Vendor's success? I resolved to watcli him, and, if possible, find out. My hand consisted of the queen, eight and seven of clubs, and tho knavo and nine of diamonds. In taking up these cards I had scnrcoly mado a movomonb of the olbow, and yet I could seo, in the spectacle glasses of M. Verrier, the reflection of somothing in brisk motion behind mv chair. Angry and suspicious, and almost for getting for the moment that tho man before me was the father of Annette, I turned sharply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding five cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disappearing under tlio folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figure in the cornor behind me. I had seen tho faces of the cards. They wore the queen, oiglit nnd seven of clubs, and the knave and nino of diamonds. I roughly tore off the drapery, and dis closed to view — not a lay figure, bub the majestic form of Mdlle. Annette. Verrier, holding in her hand the cards with which lio had been telegraphing. — Abridged from The Ha'porth. , A FEW PEOPLE I LOVE. To love is one of the natural propensities of the human race, and ib may be truly said thab affection exists, in greater or lesser degrees, in many of the domestic animals. I offer thiB sentence as a short introduction to what is to follow. I have always found it very convenient to starb out with a sentence or two before following it up witli others. An article which doos not do this does not possess much inherent literary merit. Ab my opening sentonce impliedly admits, a disposition to lmte is contrary to all natural law, but I have never been ablo to ascertain what tribunal lias cognisance of such con trariety or what penalty is affixed when a verdict of guilty has been brought in. I have never hated any one, nnd I have made it a point to lavish my affections on certain persons, specified below, who I know are in need of my love, because they are not loved by tlio cold world generally. The person who comes in for the largest share of my pure affection is the man who writes his name so that I can't read it, - My love for this man is unbounded, and so are the endearing epithets I bestow upon him. Sometimes his written name resembles an unfinished plan of a trestle-work bridge, and sometimes it looks like the path of a loresi, me. ii wo juuge i.rns man Dy ms cliirography, he is an enigma, and— we give him up. The next person I ardently love without his being aware of it is the individual who asks me if I have read this book or thab book, or some other book, and when I tell him I have not, evinces surprise, and regards me as an inferior being. He is a lovable man to me. Then comes the landlady, who, because I twice partook of a particular dish, assumes that I am fond of it. and afterward « ib to me frequently, keeps it on the table meal after meal, arid.iqfiyras ner ifienctsaXiA reJatipDA-yrraV i^ni fondof it. Wellmean ing lac(y, she shall never know how I love h?r ! The next in order aro tho persons of limited intelligence who argue the great questions of the day, and set forth plans for saving the country in my presenco. One asserts that the application of electricity to machinery in tho place of steam will throw the miners out of employment, and the other declares that it will take just as much coal to make the electricity, And so thoy argue. I wish they would stop long enough for mo to tell them how I love them. And the resb of my love bolongs to the colloge girls who invito me out to spend the evening, and then indulge in mysterious conversations respecting a chum or acquaint ance positively unknown to me: They are good ab entertaining— themselves. HE HAD COLD FEET. A boarding -house on Cottage G-«re- avenue was the theatre of a very unpleasant Incident a few evenings ago. One of the boarders— a young man of about twenty-seven— is a confirmed hypo chondriac. Among his multitudinous ills he is a martyr— at least so he says— to cold feet at bed time. A certain Dr. Hall told him that people 80 afieotcd should. hnforA croinn- fit ? ] over and smartly slap the calves for 'about five minutes. . This struck the young man to bo about as sensible a piece of advico as he had ever heard. So lie'pub it to the test on Saturday night. He bent over and pounded away ab himself, fttid all the time made a noise with Ins month Uk$ the hlas of escaping steam. This poisq atractod the attention of one of the boarders,' and he i told the landlady thab there must be a firo In that room, because lio oould hear it siz, and could hear a mumping » l'°PPing going on up there. The land ladv didn't pause to argutj. She caught up a pail and nlunered for th« nlann ,.i. niu- boarder followod With a gigantio ' broom. Tlipy pvegipjtated themsolvos into the room together. Theadventwns so sudden that the boarder, who was warming himself, had no chance to dodge, and there was too much momentum on tlio landlady and the other bourdor to pornub thorn t.q recover tbomsolvcs in time. ?So thorp was a collision. Tho landlndy saw fing, and instinctively held tho pail in I rout of hor, ? ? . .Hilt the disciple iff. Hall didn't seeib.as his back was to the door and his lioad nearly o tho floor, and boforo lio could look up on hearing tho door lly open, the visitors woro ii poii limi, and tho contents of tho pail over tiiin, and thethrco, with the pail mid clothes unisli, oamo down together. How tlio land lady extricated herself and got. mil. of tho room as quickly as sho did will always onnuii n uiytdcry l.q the two incu who stood iiinl glared ab each other lor scuta IdUen muiutte. 