THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (published daily) PROGRESSION, OUR-RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, MONDAY, DEC. 10, 1894 THE TAXATION PROPOSALS. The amendment which was carried in the Assembly providing for an exemption of £500 in connection with the land tax, has led the Government, to increase the rates of the income 3tax, and the new rates have been sanctioned bythe Assembly. Atifirst Mr. Turner'anticipated that the £500; ex emption meant that the proceeds from' the land tax would be diminished by £160,000. He announced on Friday,'however, that on more careful examination Lit was found ithat the loss would not be so great. The primage ' duty will riot be repealed before therj end'of the'1 present month, and the Government: expects about £16,000 more from this "source. Reckon ing on further saving's in; (expenditure, the total amount which will be required, by extra taxation is '£80,000,-or at the most. £100,000. This the Government expects to get by'means of. an increase of the in come tax. It whs'first intended that, the rates should be 3d in the £ between £200 and £1,200, 4^d in the £ between £1;200 and £2,200, and .6d in the £ Jtbove £2;200 on incomes derived :from'personal exertion ; these rates -, being doubled-on;'- incomes' de rived from property. The proposal which was carried on Friday increases these rates from; 3d',."4id and ! 6d to 4d, 6d and 8d, a corresponding increase being made with re gard' to incomes' derived from property. The Government "expected only £100^000 from the income tax in it original form,1 and . it-is, therefore, difficult to.see how an in crease of one-third in the rates is going tol bring in nearly twice ais much. It would appear that the Government was coming round to the viewlharthe' income-tax i will prove a better source of revenue than iwas expected. In fact, Mr. Turner admitp as much when he says that if the tax bring in more than expected, the rate can "be reduced next year. The Assembly is not' so ready to reduce taxes, however. 6nce fixed, there is every probability of the! rate remaining, for as only a minority} will be affected, the majority are likely to view the matter with indifference. An amend ment was proposed on Fridav to the efiect that the minimum should be £150 instead' of £200. There is no doubt the lower minimum would have led to the revenue from the tax being largely "augmented, as there are probably . fully as many persons earning salariesof- froin£150to£200 as tihere are earning salaries above £200. Mr. Murray Smith's argument in favor of £150 being the minimum, that direct taxation should be as universal as possible, and every man should feel its weight in propor:. -t-ion to his means, niight apply very; well' in a country where there was no indirect; taxation. But with every wage-earner taxed indirectly, a.id made to pay heavily for many necessaries, in order to bolster up certain industries, it would be very unfair to reduce the minimum of the income tax to £150. It is quite bad enough for any [class to be taxed directly at all, ' under tlie] cir cumstances. It would be extremely incon sistent to reduce the minimum of the in come tax to £150, after raising, the amount of esemption under the land tax to £500. The course adopted Is the better one. The small farmers will be freed from a burdensome land tax, and those who do not derive their incomes from land will have to pay something extra under the income tax in order to make up for the decreased return under the land tax. In most cases the extra rate on the income tax will amount to more than the land tax would have amounted to. Take the case of a man with an income of £300. Under the original rate he would have had to pay £1 5s. Now he will have to pay £1 13s 4d. The unimproved value of his pro pert}'may have only been £'150..and with £100 exempt he would have had; to pay is 2d under the original proposal. The £500 ex- emption will relieve him from the land tax of 4s 2d, but the income tax increase will amount to Ss 4d instead. This may be considered a typical case, It would be easy to give in- stances where the hind tax would not have effected the individual cither under the £100 or the £500 exemption, but he will have to pay more under the increased rates of the income tax. On the whole, however, the difference will not be very great, and no doubt the new burden will be borne with as much cheerfulness as direct, taxation is usually borne by English speaking people. The accommodating way in which, the House increased the income tax in order to make up for the loss under the proposed tax on land values, by reason of the exemption of £500, shows how easy it would have been to impose an income tax, and re-adjust the existing land tax, in order to obtain the re- quired new revenue. \------------------------ Gold, Calls and Dividends.—The gold yields for the off week amounted to l,250oz. This was low, but there wero soma absentee?, notably the New Red, White and Blue, whose crushing was stopped by a, mishap at the baitery, while the return from Mr. Lahsoll's Comet- was reduced by battciv stoppages owing to intermittent water supply." The principal yields wore Lady Barklv, 3J4oz.; Comet, loOoz.; and Hercules, I07oz. The amalgam yields were generally small, but the JCov/-Prince of Wales had the greatly, improved yiekl of 30Ioz. This company supplied the only "dividend (Gd per share—£750). The months calls arc light, amounting to £6,03o IGa 2d. Cu-s~Ej!i'J-AXSO Resignation.—We under stand that there will shortly be a vacancy in the representation of Barkly Ward in the City Council. The Bendigo Miking Development Com l>ANi".—The committee having in hand the movement for the extension of mining opera tions in the district, by opening up known lines nf rppf hpf.iTP-gn thp. h,ird&n.fialIy-a.nd.HilKilflr;:j;. Jines, met at the Beehive Exchange on Satur day evening, the mayor (Cr. Heinz) in the chair. It was reported that the lists received from "the mines" so far covered about 12,000 shares, bringing up the total issue to the pre sent-to about' 50,000 shares independent of those to be. taken up by persons who have promised their, .support.but have not yet named their numbers. . The mayor and Messrs. A. Macltay, A. F. Walker and the hon. secretary were lap pointed a sub-committee to make arrangements for the placing 'of t.bebalance of the shares so^ as to secure an early start. The Bendigo Chilling Works Co.—Mr. Donald Walker, secretary pro (em, has m,acic such pood progress in connection with ithe flotation of this "company, that the proposal, emanating from the ex-Mayor, Mr. D.! B. Lazarus, M.L.A., some months ago, that chilir ing works should be erected in this city j (in order that the producers in the northern dis tricts should have facilities given them ! for securing a share of the export trade ; which is assuming such large proportions, bids fair to shortly become an accomplished fact. Over S,300 shares have been applied for, and it is anticipated, that before the next meeting, to be held on the second Saturday in January, jthe whole of the 10,000 shares, which it has Ween decided mnstbe taken up before the company .can be formed, will be over applied for. An';ex tended report of the meeting of shareholders, held on Saturday, appears in another column. Retrenchment i.v the Strathffeldsaye Shire.—A meeting of the committee of .the whole council was held at its city office, Town Hall hotel, Market-sqnare,-on Saturday after . noon, for the purpose of considering the question of retrenchment in connection with the council. The proceedings were conducted privately," the'representatives of the press not being iad mitted. The matter was discussed at consider able length, and the result of the committees' deliberations will be embodied in a report to be submitted to the council at. its next meetjng. It is 'understood that the committee recom mends that the services of the assistant secretary be dispensed with, that the charitable grant.be reduced, and that other items be cur tailed, the total amount saved being about £110. The County Courts.—It is notified that in future County Courts will be held in Bendigo once at least in every three moDths, and at Echuca and lnglewood once at least in every six months. The Fire in Thistle-street.—In addition to the particulars already given of the] fire which broke out at an early hour on Saturday morning in the premises in Thistle-street occu- pied by Mr. C. Birchell, we learn that-the whole o! the furniture of seven bedrooms ;was destroyed, while several of the boarders lost all they possessed. One boarder estimates his loss at about £15. The property is owned by Mrs. Tippett, of Hocken'a hotel, Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, and formerly of the Tetnple Court hotel, of this city. Illness ofMr. E. M. Bren NAy. —The many friends of Mr. Brennan, son'of Mr. Charles Brennan, the well-known produce merchant, and who proved AO fprtunate.in^discovering the " QueenMargaret Reef"at the I.O.U., Western Australia, willregrettolearn that he is at present laid up in Adelaide with an attack of typhoid fever. Mr." Brennan was on his way to Ben digo to spend the holidays with bis family, when he was taken ill in Adelaide,, and '-was unable to proceed further.Mrs.- • Biennan : im mediately proceeded to her -husband, and "a wire from her on Saturday stated that i the patient was progressing very favorably. A Criminal Charge against a Publican. —On Saturday a criminal summons was served on E. A. Robinson, licensee of the Bendigo hotel, charging him with having bought a whip for 2s,64 from a youth named Quinii, .knowing it to be stolen property. The whip, which'was valued at about 303, was Btolen from Mr. J. C. Walker, the well-known auctioneer, some time ago, jafftl" young Quincris now under-remand -on-a- -charge of having stolen it. The cases .will come on for hearing in-the Police (Tourfc on .Wednesday. | As Inveterate Topek.—Yesterday after noon a man about 30 years of age, named John Davidson, fell into the hands of the Golden square police for drunkenness. _ Some time during the forenoon he found his. Way'into the. cellar of Mr. John Illic'gworth's brewery Golden-square, and commenced to imbibe beer from a cask to his heart's content. Eventually; he was -discovered in an intoxicated state ~by; one of the employes, and peremptorily ejected -from the cellar. About 2 o'clock Jie wasajgain discovered in the cellar ^on-his-knees-with his head under a beer tap. He had evidently taken his fill, and could drink no more. The knan neglected to turn off the tap, and j the beer was running down over his face. \ He was .again turned out,-and hi then. made his way along'the street, where he lay down helplessly drunk. Constable E. J. Walsh sub sequently looked Davidson.up for.drunkenness, and he soon afterwards developed delirium tremens. In the evening the constable" removed him* in a cab to the hospital,' where he was placed in the lunacy- wards. T Davidson gained access 'to tKe "cellar' the ' second time by lowering himself down by the aid of the crane used for hauling up the beer cqsks, and' it is a wonder that in his drunken stafe he did noc meet with an accident. It will be remembered- that-some time agcrhe was con fined1 in-the hospital'lunacy wardsas a lunatic. He recovered and was appointed' to do dudy as a wardsman. One day, however, he got down into the cellar, and drank such a quantity of spirits of wine that he got- the horrors. After being confined in the _lunacy ward' for dcme time he recover'ed. and since then he ha3 bsen loafing about, the city, .and was not heard of until his escapade yesterday. ) Serious Illkess of Mr. Thos. MOYLE.— The friends of Mr. Thomas Moyle, the well known storekeeper of Ironbark, will regret to hear that he is seriously ill from typhus fever, and was not expected to live through last night. A Dislocated Elbow.—A resident of Charleston-road, named Jas. Bickfcrd, was ad- mitted into the Bendigo Hospital last evening suffering from a dislocation of the left elfbow. The injury was attended to by the resident surgeons, Drs, F. M. Peebles and W. Long, The Goldfif.lds Common's..—A meeting of the managers was held at the office, Town Hall hotel1,- ;on Saturday afternoon. Tiiere iv^re pre sent—Messrs-.'-; G ; BiicU (chairman), -F. Dei bridge, and'R; Wills, secretary. Thc^epot't of the herdsman, Mr. F. Code, was received. ;The proposal made at the List meeting of the Marong Council, in regard to the Goldfields and Glen Grant commons, was discussed in a conver sational manner, but as no communication: had been received from the council no action v>"as taken in the matter. Vacancies for Teachers.—Vacancies for held teachers and assistants are announced by the Education department, as having occurred at the followingplaces;—Eaglehawk, Footscray, South Yarra, Albert Park, Carlton North, South Melbourne, Clifton Hill, Richmond, North'Mel bourne, Port Melbourne Prahran North, Sc.. Kilda, North Ficzroy, South Melbourne, Kens ington, Ashby, Kyneton, Portland, Ararat, Gowerville, Ballarat, Beechworth, Brighton East, head teachers : Port Melbourne, 1st female assistant, 3rd class. Anuicci/rrKAi, Society.—The committee of this society did not meet on Saturday. ' Vint. and Fruitgrowers' Association-.— The monthly meeting of this association, which was to have been hefd at the Beehive Exchange on Saturday afternoon, lapsed for want of a quorum. Salvation Army Hospital Sunday. — Special services in connection with the Hospital Sunday fund were held by the Salvation Army yesterday. At 11 o'clock the service was con ducted by the officer in charge of the local corps, " Captain" Rule, assisted by "Captain" Merril, in the barracks, in High-street. In the afternoon an open air servicc was held in the Upper Reserve. The members of the corps, headed by the Army brass band, marched to the reserve, when " Captain'' Rule and other members of the Army delivered addresses appropriate to the occasion. The service in the barracks in the evening was v, ell attended. The collections amounted to £6 City I'oi^ce Corr.T.—The mayor and Mr. J. Illinpwortb, Js.P., attended on Saturday. Al fred "Wallis, William M'Donald and John Smith were summoned for removing the surface of a roadway at Long Gully. All three pleaded guilty. The evidence of Constable Farrell showed that the defendants were sweeping the roadway at the intersection oi Holmes and Holdsworth roads about 4 o'clock that moraine. Mr. M'Auley, city overseer, deposed that the surface of the road for about 70 chains had been swept. The damage was about 7s Gd per chain. Each offender v.-;\s fined 2s Gd, in default six hours imprisonment. In the case of William Davis, manager of the Colonial Ban!; v.1 .lohn Kenceally, a warrant was issued to evict do fendarit from certain land at Native Gully. The court then adjourned. Bi'-n'digo Ap.t Gallery.—The . number of persons who visited the Art Gallery during the Meek ended 9th December, as compiled by the curator, Mr. J. B. Harris, was as fnlloyvs':"— Monday, 118 ; Tuesda3T, 25G ; Wednesday, 40; Thursday, To; Friday, 122 ; Saturday, 218; Sunday, 1ST; total. 1,009. ! The Misr.rts'-Association Brass Band.—On 1 Saturday evening thiB. band, under the conduc torsliip of Mr. Scott, rendered a programme of music on the balcony of Conolan's Law Courts hotel. Although the band has only been in' existence for a few months, the.. various'.selec tions were rendered in an admirable manner, and elicited hearty rounds of applause from the ; citizens promenading the Mall. It is the inten tion of the band to render a special programme on Christmas Eve. Stoppage or Special Tbains at Golden square.—Until recently it has been the custom in accordance with a promise given by Mr. Speight, when Chairman of the Railway Com missioners, for all special trains to stop at the Golden-squnre railway station. This practice was departed from last Cup Day, and a number of Golden square people, who were unac -quainted with-the altar at inn, wprp put—to_a. great amount of inconvenience . thereby. In consequence of this, Mr. Saunders wrote to the Commissioners on the matter, reminding them of Mr.' Speight's promise, also that Golden-square was to betreated as North ilel -boure-and—-BftHaretc-Easi:—witb-regard- to the stopping of special trains, and received a reply to the effect that as all ordinary trains now ,-stop at Golden-square, the present Commis sioners cannot see their wav clear id stop' all -special-trains. Aa the station was' hriilti to meet the requirements of as large a^jjopnlajion as7there iaTjetween here aridf MelbcSrSe, Jt js a pity that the Commissioners liave; ;decided to withdraw this convenience, especially as the Christmas and New Year holidays are now drawing near, "when the passenger traffic is at its busiest. Considering the slight delay and small amount of extra work involved in stop ing the trains, it is to be hoped that the Com missioners, will re-consider their decision and allow all trains to stop as formerly. The Robbeby[fkom the Powder Magazine. —The young man, William Somerville, who was arrested at Jackass Flat on Sunday, 2nd ins!., by Plainclothes-constables Davidson and Haigh and Mounted-constable Bowden, will be brought before the city bench this morning, - charged with stealing a case of national gelatine dynamite from the Government powder maga zine on the 10th of last month. A number of witnesses, including the men with whom the accused was working on tribute in the John son's mine, have been subpoenaed to give evi dence on behalf of the prosecution. Ejhibitiox of Paintings.—The exhibition of paintings by the Misses Creeth3' pupil at the Masonic Hall was again visited by a large num ber of people on Saturday afternoon and even ing, and general "admiration was expressed at the excellent collection. The exhibition will -be open again thisafternooD, and until Wed nesday. Sheep for Freezing,—The manager of : the Memsie Estate, Bridgewater-on-Loddon, writes to the Australasian that he has sent to ' the Newport Freezing Works 5G1 4-tooth wethers that, after deducting'l Jib. per head for loss in freezing, averaged 66|lb. These sheep were bred on the estate, and were by Lincoln rams from large comeback ewes. The inside fat weighed over 81b, per head. The sheep were reported as being full of flesh and not over fat. Our contemporary states that this i3 an excel lent cross for exportation. Bekdigo Athletic Clcb.—A special meet ing of the members of this club is convened for this evening at the town hall. The business-is to consider whether the charges laid by the late president against the secretary have been sus tained or otherwise. We understand that the secretary made a sworn declaration on Satur day,before Sir. J. W. Faul, J.P., that his state ment in reply to the charges was correct. Concert and Tableaux Vivasts.—To-night a grand concert and tableaux vivants will be fiven in the Masonic Hall. j-Ehe vocalists are Irs. Osborne, Miss Gertie White, and Messrs. F. Macoboy, A. C. Kiines, Jas. SI'Kee and E. '.Allen Bindley ; instrmnentalists> Messrs. J; H. Bryan,',0. Flight, T. Henderson. With such an array of aitistspthe musical portion should be exceptionally^ fine. " The tableaux to be shown' will consist of 24 - pictures fromj the hands of the'most celebrated painters ,of the w'6irl(3.>. the pictures will, b'e given m "a . most complete 'manner, the smallest ifctajls^ haying Seen studied/ These will be'shown under; the i kpower of a very strongly magnified limelight. The long intervals which usuallyVtake place ■dnring the representation .of formec tableaux will be entirely dispensed with, the pictures gradually'appearing" and disappearing. iThe admission is most" reasonable, and within the I reach of all.. ScKDAt School A$>*n*£RSAKiv—Yesterday, , tbe.Pnunitive Methodist Sunday 6ehool,',Rowan street, celebrated its anniversary very,"iuccesa •• fully;..'; There were three special- services, ;and ' Trtrearfrtfaere was a—large -congregation. 'The ReV. A. B. Rofe"'officiated ..in. the morning, givinganaddressloithe-chfldreai and in; his oprman proai-Vipd frntn frpnpciaj chapter, 22nd verse; In: the afternoon 'the Rev.' J. Westacott oa'cnpied the pulpit, taking as! his text, John; 21st- chapter, 15th j verse. jThe sermon in the evening gave place! to a dialogue . from Dr. Talmage's sermon, " Out of the Ivory • ;iPalaceB,'Lgiven by .five.: young; men and jfive young women. Recitations were also given by several of the scholars. ; The singing was under ' £h'e:-'leadership'''"of Hr.-'-TCcberton, and jilr. Whitelockpresided at theprgan. StI-Mabk's Chue'cii, Gor.DEsr-SQCARE.—The~ -R6Vr-'N.-^Jonea--cont5aapd his " Advent"! ad dresses in this church yesterday morning, tak ing for his text the words, "I shall come again," St. 'John's gospel, 14th chapter, part of third verse. He spoke aflength of the personal re turn of the Saviqjyv pointing out that Christ would first come, to gather His saints unto Him self, and then return with them to judge! the world. The duty which devolved on all Chris tians, was to win men to Christ, in : order that they might participate- in His ' prat coming. In the~evening Mr. E. T. Pelletier preached a, forcible sermon on the inspiration of the Bible. He proved by potent arguments that the Bible was written by men " who spake by the Holy Ghost." Bexdigo Orchestral Society.—The 'last concert of the series and a Cinderella dam^will be given under the auspices of this society 'On Thursday evening, commencing at 8 o'clock.-. The New Law Cocets.—-Tenders are; in vited for fittings, etc., for the new Law Courts in the Mall. Particulars are given in ! ad vertisement which appears in another column. Yearly Clearing Fcrniture Sale, etc.— In our auction column, Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. announce the holding of their annual clearing eale by public auction in the yards ad joining their rooms, when every line will.|)e_ sold without the slightest reserve. The special1 attention of owners ot goads is drawn to th£ fact that- any articles not withdrawn front sale" up to 9.30 a.m., will positively be included in the unreserved list. The sale will commence punctually at 11 o'clock, and at one o'clock under instructions from Mr. W. S. Williamson" the same firm will offer a comfortable: six roomed cottage and quarter acre allotment situate in Tine-street just above HorwOod'a foundry. : • Imi'of.tant Property Sals.—At 12 o'clock to-day, at their rooms, Messrs. H. M. Marks ■ and Co. will sell by auction that well-known freehold property situated between the town hall and New Law Courts, known aB Osborn's Buildings. The attention of investors is called" to this sale, particulars of which will be found in our auction columns. \------------------------------------------ On 28th November, at the residence of the bridegroom's parents, St. Just Point, by the Rey. A. Hicks, Kathleen, only daughter of Mr. James Dabb, Late of Maldon, was married to Mr. Hugh Jennings, eldest son of Mr. Hugh Jennings, late mining manager of the Victory and Pandora Company's mine, now of Coogardie, W.A. The bride, who was given away by her father was attired in a beautiful dress of cream delaine trimmed with figured silk, moire ribbon and lace to match. The bridesmaids were Misses Annie and Edith Jennings, sisters of the bridegroom; Miss Maud Jennings, cousin; Miss Alma Dun- stan, cousin of the bride; Miss Lizzie Gould (Maldon), Miss Ladie Wallis, Miss Agnes Camp- bell, Miss Eveline Hippisley and Miss Emily Tilson, all of whom were prettily dressed in cream cashmere costumes with trimmings to match. Mr. J. Dunstan acted as Best man, whilst Messrs. T. and W. Dunstan, A. Green, W. Hippisley, H. Kregner and V. Bennetts acted as groomsmen. After the ceremony the happy couple and their friends sat down to the usual wedding breakfast, when toasts suitable for the occasion were honored. A party was held in the evening, at which about 50 couples were present. The newly-married couple left by the first train next morning for Melbourne enroute for Ballarat via Geelong, where they intend spending their honeymoon. The bride's travelling dress was navy blue hopsack trimmed with silk and hat to match. The wedding presents were numerous and costly. 