TOO LATE.. " RANK and I had quarrelled co..i i, . l- home. from lire. Caertwright'e party. I know it was all my fault, but I wounld ne acknowledgl it, and we had parted in any thing but a lover-like manner. lalf the night I lay awake thinking how foolish it all was, lly flirtting with that -illy, conceited Clarence Walker, who was not fit. to be mentioned besideo' Frank ; and yet I V given him every reason to think I cared roe for him than anyone else. Frank was usually too good-nainrod to take any notice of my petty flirMtions, but this time 1 had carried it furlher tihan over before, and ho had spoken sharply on uer way home. 1 had resented this, and quick words followed, until we had parLtit in anger for the first time in all our a?imtinllnoe. t My conseeisue whispered "You are to blame, write to hinm and say so." But mly stubborn pl ide said, " Never ! heI must make the hirst advances." Doull and hevy-eyed, I came' down to breakfast the next morning, thinking that no one knev of onur folly except onreelves, but I was mlistlaken. Aunit Ruth's eyes were keen and sharp where the happiness of those khe loved was concerned, and few thiilg transpired between Frank and me that she didfl not learn in soime manner. 'IThe day was dark and rainy, which was not Lhe kind of weather calcelated to cheer .me int my unhappy mood. I wandered over the house .like somen unquiet ghost. ." Write and tell him you are eorry I" urged imy better self. "Never I" Pride answered stoutly. Frank had nIver before attended ine 10 it party without calling the tnext day ,to enllquire after my health; bout the day dratgged on, and no 'Frali appelared. I tried to nmake imyself believe I had not expected him, and dlid not carl to see him ; bult down in the Ildepth of illy heart I con titu:lly hopld lie would come. Oi nhr diler hor was llnLst, and the eyoniiln for adtvnced. I nhad at Inst given up ail hollo of his collilng antil had settled down to a defiaiint, angry mood, as if I were tihe one iiost deeply wrongedil. " 1'11 never, never forgive hii!" I said liercely to mnyself, while all tilhe while illy heart ached. We weroe ill oulr cosy lparlour, Aiiunt Rutlh and I, I llretendin to lie busy with soine fancy worko, and Aunt Rlluth sitling before the openl grate, iook in hand, though I could plainly iee tlhat ?he wai's not rendinig. Glad of anvyting that woohul Iake the Lime les weil isoine, I took t seate on a low hassock at her feet. " ltie than twenty-live years agl, in the early clays of the war, wlhen I was your nge, I lirst met Riechard Antriim," iole began, letting one hand rest caressingly on Imy head, while the other held a screen between her eyes anl tlhe firelight. " lA lenllan aolquaintance soonl rilpenled into love, and we Vwer engaged, witlhi the warmTest alpproval of our respective families. I loved Itchard very dearly, but I was thoughtless, and, I fear, liked to make him jealouls. I fancied there could be no love without jenlousy, foolish child that I was, and so delighlted in wining what 1 thought wasn a iproof of his affection. But I tried this once too often, andl have had cause to regret it all my life tilne." "Lottie, dear," shie said at la-t, aery gently, "come ilid sit hesie ieme. I wiih to tell you a story of miy young dIysc." "One evening in January, 1Sil, some fifteen or twent.y coulllea. of the yuanI peIIpl in iiy native towir went on it sleigh-ride, and stoplped at it hotel about twel?ty mileu fromn homei for supper l anda sociial dance. The hilarity of the Iparty seemed Li raiou iuy lspirits to the hlighest poinit of fln and frolio, ,ind I gave loose reoil to ily love of Ilitlllioll, evenl carrying it on far as to go iown to sup iper withi it young lio n with whiom I had blta very slight acquaiintance, leaving Richard to find anliother ipartller or go alone. I do iot. tlhink I fully realized how r'liculous mly can duet vwas; I iw'as only bellt on having ia good time and teasing Richard a little, cxpeeting to make it up by being extra loving on the wiay home. But I saw before we left the hotel that i Istead of beilng jealous Riclhard was seriously offended, and in my folly I resented this as if I had been the one wronged. "Soon after midnight the party broke up, and, singly ensconced in our respective sleighs, rwe started for hlome ; and then, instead of the smiiles and pleasant words I had given the other men all thil evening, I treated IRichard to notliing but sulks alid frowns. "A culter is not generally considered very colinodiosie quirters for two; blut nor1s nliust have erlliir'ed very sil?rllitrly, for solclhuow eight or toel inches of vacanllt eat lily between ns: usually, when I rode with llichard, he apllieared very solicitous about the djillustlentl of tile robes, Ipartieil lady about tIhe back of the sent; aid very frelueinitly, after seeing they were all righl, he forgot to remlove his armnl, anld as I never relminded hIl of it, lihe very natirally iilloawed tihat mieber to relmain there until wre reached out destillnation But to-night the horse inlslt have requireld great, a.lenltioln, for both hands -seeimud neededl to tlake are of hlin, and I ain sure his eyes never once turnel frol onile ar:u.ticulir part of the hiar. ness for the IirsL live mile of our lihomewaird ride. I saw plainly that Itchuard was very uingry with ile, ald in Iho depthsll of nly heart knewlle I was to blillmo; but I. was determilined not to " ml'ake nii " uiiless lie mlade the firh, ad vanuce t.owards sa reconcilia Lion, so I, tou, lretenllded inudill'rence or anger, all the timo wirhing he would spelioak eveln if it were oll'v to scohl lme. ButL if he hall been born dhiumb ihe coiild not have been nmore still; not, venl ai word to the horse broke the dismal silence. "The eleigh.-bello jingled Ilerrily, the 0nOW musiciiyil r ' I Inder the ruilnners, glad songs mI ilt :~y ,?,?: r canme from the olthers of the party, Iut never a sound fromn ltichard's liis. \\\'old hle never speak ? "1-wished the torsoe woul rUn, or the sleigh wouldl upset, or sentllhiig wouldl happen, I scarcely cared whatf, to force hint to spleak. At last, when Illy patience was coeinulitely exlihauted, and I waes mneditating sonmething ide lerate rather than hethle lirst olne to pilenk, thie oninnoi nileice was brokoll by tihe omi wortd- " ' Ruhl !" " ' \\\'Well, what ?" I naskled crosly, as if I Ilall not beel lerfeetly ilieer'.able for the lIst hlnf-hour becaus le re woulld not sleak. ,t 10was nit clipromlinilg bogiliinig, anld I tltiik Ricaird tlought eo too, for nearly a milelnuepissedl before hle slioke'algaill. "' ullthl,' hlie siold it last in Is sternor tone than lI hi d ev er heard him use, L whant am I to udersltanild by yonr condulct to.nilght I' i" t t whlat you please,' I answvered with priovokilfg ceolness, for I beguni to grow inore vexed at tlhe sterilneslle of llis LoIc. " Then I ail left to iifer that you intended to insult me.' In the brighll.moon lighb miy furtive glance revealed the indig. nanlt lasli of lis eye aniedlulhee clleeke. Will you be kind enonghl to iiforl Ine whalt mnotive you lhad foraelh unladylike conductl' " Unladylike ?' How. ldarned lhe criticise me in that malner ? " 'I have yet to leari by whant authority ,you'criticien nly conduct; I splposed I Ihad a right to do as I pleased, withoiut conuilt igi you,' I rejoined very hotly. . tAnd I elouli have suppinedl1 Ieo said s'ith equal warmth, i tiatl It wonld ihavse ,pleasecdl you to treat with becoming respect, In public, aloaset. the man you had promised to marry.' " 'And if this is the manner In m to be treatoedl every time a gentleman pays me any attention, I think it is time that promise wkis cancelled,' I said, reckless of the con. "A 'A I to underatang, Rnlm,' and his voice had more of eurpriso than anger. in it noe\, that yon rerlreb our engagelament, and wcbh tI semll your premIs ?' "' Te,' 1 rojoidl nellRly, "Rlclard was silen foer a pttmn*t, el lhl he said ?illtly and gravely-. " ' Think well of what you are saying iow. aitlh; it is no toalter to settlle in allel" ; il yOll meIln seriously whllat you say, and wish to break tile engagemelllnt, you are free to (io ,o.' "Iwas too nngry to see how eardnestly ii I burned towards Imo and waited for min ' I do mean it with all lily hearlt,' I said. " It shsll beo s you wish,' then. "' I could but see, then, the stern look on his face, but I would, lot hectl it. " Not another worid wans spoken until we reached honm, antl, as he lifted noe from the sleigh, lie said gravely, 'Good-bye, Iuth, may you never ihvoo cause to regret your dlecision of to-night I' " irEven then I felt tlhal I oughtb to esay I was i olrry, but pride restrained me, and I lob him gi o withl only a cool ' Gooed- nigh).' " We had had Imany libble love i uarrela before, 'just for spice,' as I weod it t y, lub had always ' made up' immediately, mld been all the mlore devotedl afbernalls;and I thought this atlhir wourl be like bire otlers, even tllhogh it had been carried further blare ever before; I should doubtle sace Riolard in a iday or two, and would then tell him how sorry I was, and of course lie would be only too glad to forgive me, and I would never do so again. So tlhinki;g to-morrow woul soet it all right, I fell asleep " But I did not see Iichard to-morrow, nor tihe next day, noreven ithe nlext week; anld wheln I did see himhu, nearly a imotih later, lre woro wor's livery, and with the gallant boys of his regiment was marching to tkd cars whlich were to bear them away to the battle-feld. T'he band was playing, inrgs waving,andl the people cheoring ais they marched by ; but to me a funerlial dirge could no liarse been sadder, nor mny heart heavier had I seen Richard in his coffin. "I went houme that iday feeling that trhey l who Sow to the wind shall reap tihe whlirl wind.' Surely I was rleapilng in bitterness the fruits of my own sowing ; but I neither wvept nor filnted ; I wa s ls lloud as I was fololill, ando tried tomnke myself iblieve tllat 11wais the injured party; but it was pretty hard work, anI if I deceived miy friends by my p'relenolet indifference I onever deceived riyself, as my damp pillow and sleepless nights could testify; bub still I was too iproLudI to write and confess my fault. " Ridohalrd had friends and correaponlents ini the neighbourhood, so I heard frcqoently from him ; nand while I prrotended indiffer ence, I listened with inteniest to every dotnil of his journey. T'I'henll came the canllrtpigll before Port IHudson; ratllours of fierce eneageminuts and heavy losses. Other faces beside minoe grew white when Port bludson was mentioned, and lands Iusually steady trembled as they unfolded the daily papers ; friend looked at friend as if fearling solnie terrible tidings, and the letters which at long and irregular intervals fiound their way to our village wore read witih slhrinking dread, lest they contained the rname of some loved one among the list of killed ; for twenty front our town were engaged in that campaign. " Weeks dragged wearily into months; every lidaly hopes of victory were qiuenched in disappoilltment ; our boys wrere still before Port lludso. Then we waited, hoping ind feoring, and at Inst the news came-P- ort lfudltson hasi surlrelndered. " aler caine the soldiers' letters, filled with rejoicing over the victory, and with andt ulaents for dead and wounded econt raide. None came from Richard to his hoime, but a friend's letter told the story; tie had fallen in the tight, seriously wounded \- how serinusly nIo one knew. " S.irruIsly wounded ! Did that mean morlally ? I shut my eyes, closedl my ears to tio horrible surggoetion. I wouldl not have it so. IHe must live until we were reeloncrriled. Louisiana was too far away for nm to go to hits -pien and paper rmoirst do lily bihling now ; and I think that never had ulcli a letter gonel over tihe blue ocean as I entii to that soouthern hlosplilal. Anid thiien I waited, oh, witlh hopes and fears, wlat terrible anxiety for thle answvor! le would forgive lnoe, I klnew, if tie letter reached him ;1 but it m tight miscarry ; lie migit be deal betforo it meached there. Oh, tile agoiny of tihat thoughtt! SAugust enII alld Oent, anlld SUepoemlber's cool breezes arid days of golden haze usulrped its place; still no answer came. I klnow there was nlo collllnirlicat.iov with Newv Orleanl by lalnd, andl dozenls of thing, might havet delayed a letter ; my days were passed ill rcckles anxiety, and my nights were lilled with fearful visions as I waited for a ioesoage to say that I was forgiven. "At liist, just as the Ilees were pllttillg on their gala tlres of red andII orange ralll brown, a lelter camie, not froli liohanrd, but frolm a1 friend ill thle isale losplital, one who had kilnown ire well ill n my ownii homeii, ll, recognisinig ?niy writing, had returned the letter to rle, woiLh thie words, ' It came all hour after Richard died.' i )elli, raln ho llever knew lily deep repellltaince--I nIever knew his forgiveness !" My 1head had sunk on Arit Rithri's lap, and I wlas shakin g with irrepressible sobs, as sieo cocllhded her story. A hand clastpedl minei ; mly head was liftoed, andir i a nmoment I w0as cla-ped in Ftraurk's al ls. "Oh, Frank, forgiveo ll I" I sobbed. "1'll lever, inever qiptarrel with you agailn !" Anld ill his hearlty aIssuranice of iparldonl I thlianked God that, unlike Aunt Ruth, lily repenltalnce had niot comle too late. THE PRIAYER OF THiE PIRODIGAL. Lord, I a11c hero, roeturned at lush I'roiii o'er the mnountains cohl : Full milany a wea1ry waste traversed Ilath broulght tlie to Thy Fiohl : Weariodu ll d wcak ailll Sii-bellspent, lIanii down onle grace on ile Give 00o a littlo love O God, A little love of thee. I dto iuotaik 'lhee, Lord, for re. Nor do I beg for peance. 0Noi, Jesus, s?eek toelalitalion's ci'lOr, Nor that its tumllt cease; I ask nlot for illhunling light, Nor visions l.ord, to see: - But only love of tCheo my Gotd, But only love of thee. I know, 0 L,ord, a'y wayward soul Hodes little faith in thco: True thatL Thly high behe.tts have been Listlessly read by rile. ]lilt thliou alone caietsL sillnnel'rs sle, Alone from self set free, (Give rIle then, love of thlee mI1' Goid, (i;le mie, theni, love of The'lce. L.ess of this world anlll Inore of Thee, P'antriilg isy tired soul ilngs- l'rnyer be l1y life--Tllor be iiy love 0 T''houlghl great llg inr oligs.e. Dark be mny diay if such Thy \\\'ill, Flaitlhlese be frilends to me, But give ire love of Thee''c, miy Love, But givo me love of Thee. BURINING IIOUSES. In anRcielnt Roei0 tile speculators o[ that tiine engaged in the sltrange business of buyillig louses oi tlire. Tib speculator hlurrited to thle0 secno ntentded by slaves carrying bags of money and otlhers carrying tools,judlged tihe chances of salvarge, and made a bidl to the distractedl house-owner, who was glad to neceplt anrything as a rule. Tile barganio struck in all aste, this earliest of tire assurors set o rio slaves to worlk ald secure sthant lIe could; SoiCetilies even e io putout tthe flhmc anll o lnrade a coup; It was a buciiess for capitalisto, but thie poorest who speculatedrl i a sluU way could hardly lose if lie Ihad thoe lireselic of miiid ellough to grasp the chances. Tlius Cnto the elder, andt aBiove all Crassus, led tile forundatioi of their wealtlh. Tile latter had a passiotl for gambling. HIe gindually collected a force of carlpenters, las?oells, and such artificers-slaves, of course--whvich reached five Iindred men. Nob olly did hie buy house oil fire,butt also, onleningl upon the Scommon practice, hle nlmade bid for those adjoining which stood in danger. His pro oeals were commonly . welcome, we earn, eo helpless weore the people, and so creat the peril. By this bmeans Crnasue sec?mie lhe greatgut owner of house pro* oreety in Rome, 