A WIFE'S CONFESSION. — : ? » ? _? ^CHAPTER t ' Oh. 1 what have I — what have we— done ?' cried Marion in dismay ; but a dismay so softly under breath, that the breeze well-nigh blew the .cry far away out to sea before it could make even so short a passage as from her lips to Guy's left ear. ' What a question I1' said he, bend ing still nearer till she could see the joy in his -eyes. *? Don't you know?' «Yes — no ? ' It was not altogether . easy to be alone on ithe deck of that floating world, the ; Sumatra; but there is always a way for two people to be alone in company when they will. It is only needful that the two wills should be one — as those were. Everybody who really . knew the ancient city of Marchgrave was fami liar, not only with its cathedral and its docks, but with an unpretending house in Chapter-street — a narrow and crooked back-lane, requiring' some local experience to find without at least one blunder at starting and one more on the road. For there are dozens of cities with cathedrals and scores of towns with docks ; and it is pot. an altogether unique distinction to possess both together. But Marchgrave was the only city in the whole world that owned Heron's Bank, and Heron's Bank returned the compliment' by owning, directly or indirectly, a con siderable portion of Harchgrave — of its flesh and blood, as well as of its bricks and mortar. ? For it must be confessed that March grave was like many an ancient family — poor, and not long ago had been growing poorer. The ships that used to make their uncertain and dif ficult way up the.Aske had become provided, by a mushroom rival, with better accommodation down the river, and the railway had objectly followed, like a' sycophant and slave. March grave had also boasted with good reason of its manufactures, cloth being the staple ; but herein also it had been left behind by less venerable places that knew how to 'go.' Neverthe less, Marchgrave was not played out yet ; and Heron's, the bank, seemed monopolising the remainder of the game. It was really Heron's Bank, for there was really a Heron — John North Heron, the third of those names. And, for all that he was but a country banker, he was no ordinary man -, he might have played no inconsiderable part on a much larger stage than was afforded by Chapter-street, Marchgrave. Of nis youth his fellow-townsmen knew little | for, though born among them, he had not been bred in T'« native town. An. elder brother was to succeed to the bank, and John (though the home-neBt could have found plenty of room for two) went forth after his school-days to Beek his fortune in a wider world, very seldom ?visiting Marchgrave after he had once 'began to breath a less sleepy air. He must have been about 85 years old when the successive deaths, first of his father, then of his elder brother, brought him back to the town almost in the capacity of a stranger — the last of the Herons of Chapter-street, for his brother had died a bachelor. Whether he. had prospered or not during his absence there was no need to ask ; ' if not, the bank was good enough to make up for a much longer course of failure. If, however, it ever entered the head of the most sus picious of his. fellow-citizens to ask what John North Heron the third had been doing with himself all this while, the question very soon lapsed into silence and was forgotten. Prosperity was written all over him in capital letters of the largest size — all I/e, and S's, and D'b ; but mostly L's. He had not been away from Marchgrave for nothing, that was clear. He brought back with him not only new capital but new ideas ; and these of a vigorous kind. The bank in Chapter-street, which had certainly been taking to nod and drowse over its own obeseness, and to refuse any business that threatened to become a little troublesome, or to compel the departure of an inch from the strictly hereditary groove, suddenly lifted up it sleepy head and threw open its doors with a clatter when its new representative came from nobody knew where. Taking to himself no partner he1 re mained his own master ; and he was thus able, moreover, without having to bestow dangerous confidences, to enter upon enterprises calculated 'to give Ms ancestors the nightmare in their very graves. The clothiers, of whom some were reduced nearly to the ends of their means and their wits, received such unexpected backing that they, in their secret hearts,, some times suspected Heron's Bank of having gone crazy, until they found out that no mistake was ever made. This, however, was but one beam In the general burst of golden sunshine that gradually stole from that dusty corner in Chapter-sfeeet over all the town. Nor was the sunshine made wholly a matter of business. Never was Tight hand less ostentatious in itB . works 5 but Buch nutters are bound to - ooze out, and it presently became a proverb that no* man or woman whose ' thrift and honesty deserved a helping hand need f ear ^antoerited misfortune so long as Jonn^rth Hfero^liad . a^6nger' left him. Before lie was 40, public spirited projects yreccejaa plentiful as blackberries in a good season; while John Heron of the bank was always to the fore with his counsel in any case, and ^ his seemingly unweariable energy and bottomless purse if he approved— -which he mostly did, seeing that 9 out of every 10 projects were his own. ; -??-?? ? ??? ? . - '? I'..,i; ..... ? fficfrj irlifafnx}gh5^ftifl..Tnn1riri«»j: 176116 roufl, honorable, it would- dearly be ie EOT' ^. he*.'' *r~'^: -''??? Astam -**' -|» ?-? ?.«- : his own fault if the Herons of Chapter- j street ran any further risk of coming i to an end. And, as if to crown to overflowing the measure of his popu larity, he fell in love with a March- ? grave . girl. That he married --her, I - need not say; for his choice did not : fall upon a mad woman. And he ixd- : ported a pleasant dash of romance ' into the affair by giving his hand— '. unquestionably with his heart in it — - to the sixth of the nine living and un married daughters of the curate of one : of the parish churches ; a pretty and : amiable girl, but, naturally, without the possession or expectation of a penny. Everybody in Marchgrave, from the Bishop himself downward, gave tiie bride a wedding present or subscribed to one. That which re- : ceived the place of honor, above even the Bishop's, was a hideous and un- ] wearable pair' of worsted mittens, knitted by a nearly blind old woman, who had no other means of showing gratitude. His own present to his bride was a newly- built house, large : and comfortable, without being osten tatious, standing in quite a fair-sized park running down to the Aske, built from cellar to gable by Marchgrave hands, and furnished all through by Marchgrave tradesmen. Meanwhile he had the good taste and the good sense to leave the old bank in Chapter-street alone. Not by so much as a fresh coat of varnish or by the expatriation of a single money spider did he insult the spring of his fortunes and of his power to do all manner of good things with them. It was, therefore, into no very im posing parlor that young Guy Derwent, the shipbroker, ushered himself a day or two after that little episode on board the Sumatra. On the contrary, the private room of John Heron, through which passed in one way or another all the business of March grave, was almost prudishly plain and free from any suggestion of luxury. There was a large writing table with many complicated shelves and drawers, which the oldest in habitant remembered; a great arm chair with gouty legs and an upright back, saying much for the powers of slumber under difficulties enjoyed by a past generation, and apparently a lost art in our own ; a smaller and still less indulgent arm- chair, for the visitor for the time being j a buffet of black oak, a Turkey carpet, and a banker, whom Guy on this occasion found busy over a large map with an im portant-looking stranger. John Heron and Guy were as good friends as some 17 years difference in age allowed. There could be no in trusion on the part of the younger ; and the elder's quick- nod was quite enough to say, ' Fm busy ; wait a minute till I'm disengaged.' Guy did not mind waiting ; he happened to be in that frame of mind when nobody minds anything, and when one's own thoughts are the second-best company in the world. Had he been less pleasantly engaged he might have learned a great deal from the conversation that was pro ceeding. But he was only conscious of a buzz in that quiet room, in which words were heard that conveyed no particular meaning. At last the im portant stranger moved importantly to the door, accompanied by the banker, who then threw himself back into his chair, so far as the stiffness of its back would allow, stretched out his legs, and glowed genially, upon Guy. He was a man of middle height, -whose bearing gave the impression of his being tall, broad-shouldered, mus cular, and rather heavily built, with the first symptoms upon him of a portly future. He was dressed like a gentle man, that is to say, neither so ill nor so well that anybody could possibly notice what he wore. It is question able how far he could be called hand Bome. The features were regular, almost too regular to agree with the strength of character and purpose he undoubtedly possessed ; but then, as all sensible people soon learn, phy siognomists are the only class of people who are always and -without exception irreclaimable fools. Other wise it would be needful to call eer tain points about John Heron posi tively unprepossessing. The eyes were too close and too deep set'; the lips at once too hard and too full, an abnormal combination ; the chin and lower jaw too deep and heavy to match with the calm and philosophic forehead, over which a strong growth of dark and slightly grizzled hair was beginning to grow thin. All these things should, according to accepted rules, signify some sort of discord; but there was no discordance about the man's deeds, and certainly none about the opinion entertained of him in Marchgrave. Possibly— by way of a sop;..to the' physiognomists — the want of harmony was between his active, even epecu lative. enterprise, and the. prudence that carried the seemingly rashest of enterprises to a fortunate issue. In which case the discord would be ex pressed by impulse plus selfrestrain ing wisdom, or by benevolence mim-m credulity, which latter is a rarer formula still. ' So you're back again f' he asked cordially, bringing his hand down upon the map. that still lay open. ' Tm glad to see you. But, upon my soul, when you came in X forgot to shake hands. It seems as if it -was only yesterday you were sitting in that very chair r ?' . ? - , 'And if s bix months to-morrow,' laughed Guy. »*w. . ?,.-- , ;. ^«*SLfr- mbnthst 'Well, *SiSB does Xy?h -r ? -????-:- ??? - ???_?,??.?- -.i 'That's because time's; money, I suppose.' ' ??._'?? '? ' Ah, you're learning that, are you ? It's wonderful -what six months will do. If they-ye taught- you to be - a man of businesB, Master Guy Derwent, they ought io do even -this tiling here.' ?* What thing— where F' . ' Why, where have your ears|-een all this while P I£ youx eax» axe ao jood to you, give your eyes an bin ings. _ Look there 1', _ J.-,-_ ' I see a map,' said Guy. ' ? ' See a map, indeed !. No, my lad; this is no map— this is 'the standard }f the resurrection of Marchgrave. This is what Tve been working and waiting for ; and now the time's come. . . . Ihose confounded docks at Askness 1 Now, look here. I'm going to cut a canal from the pool below the bar, that's a good five miles lower down, right up 'to Marchgrave, and make a real dock — not a puddle for a cockle shelL There!' ' You — you're going to do that 1' exclaimed Guy. 'I, and of course others. But -it's certainly going to be done. That fellow who's just gone out is Wilson, the engineer, and he didn't sit staring like an owL' ' But if U be opposed tooth and nail. Lf I know Askness, it won't give in.' ' There spoke Marchgrave ! Of course if Marchgrave goes on giving in for ever, Askness won't; but if Marehgrav*1 won't give in, Askness must ; that's all. A fig for your oppo sition. Who's to oppose? The railway? Well, between ourselves, the railway is — I. The Askwell Dock Company? Between me and you, I again. The landowners? Between you and me, though Pm not all the landowners, I'm a good many of 'em. Why, this has been the dream of my life — and if s come to pass 20 years sooner than 1 looked for. ... Just think of it, Guy; Marchgrave another Liver pool combined with another Man chester — who knows ? The old milia set going again — you know I haven't let one of 'em die that I could help — and 100 more. Work instead of charity. And all so easy — so easy! Why, it might have been done 20 yours sooner, if— ^if ? ' He was speaking with real enthu siasm — not merely with that of a speculator who sees his way to a colossal fortune, not merely with that of a man who has cause for personal pride, but with that of one who rejoices in the prospect of a great work for the work's own sake, and for the good it will do. The tremor that came into his voice had nothing to do with greed, and not more than was right and honorable with pride. ??' If,' said Guy, catching his warmth, and adding that of admiration thereto, ' if John. Heron had been born 20 years sooner.' *? Nonsense, Guy,' he said relapsing into a sudden smile. ' If the people of Marchgrave had not been descen dants of the Seven Sleepers, you mean, who wanted stirring up with an uncommonly long pole.' ' You're wasted on a place like Marchgrave, Heron.' ' Come, none of that. Nobody need be wasted anywhere. But I'm forget ting myself. How are things with you? And has the gorgeous East spoiled you for the last bottle of that brown sherry — your sherry, you know — that I've been hiding away in that bureau till you came back again P'3 ' Oh, I had no time to get oriental ised. I just did my business, and came home again.' 'That's an easy way of putting things for a young fellow -whose first flight from home has been India. Either nothing must have happened or — something so big as to put every thing else in the shade.' ' Put it that way, then,' said Guy, for his tongue was burning with news that to him was more than the conver sion of Marchgrave into Manchester and Liverpool combined. ' Something has happened. And ? ' 'Ah! the P. and O. has much to answer for.' ' The P. and 0. !' exclaimed Guy with scorn. For who can bear to be told that his own story has ever been told before ? — even of Adam and Eve ; though it is true that theirs had noth ing to do with the P. and O. ' Such things must happen somewhere, I suppose.' 'Somewhere, indeed! Everywhere — especially at sea. But I don't mean to chaff. I congratulate you before hand, whoever she may be. You're not the sort of man to go very wrong where business isn't concerned.' No — he did not sigh ; and yet it seemed as if a sigh -were somewhere in the room. Well, every bank has its ghosts ; and Heron's must have had many. . . ' Come and dine, and tell Kate. These things are her hobby, you know ; and she'll lipten to you for a week on end. But 10 to 4 isn't over yet — for me; and I've rather crowded up my day. They've made me a city magistrate since you've been gone, and there's some justice work to do; and I've got to see a deputation about a candi date to oppose that old fossil Barnes ; and — in short, come and take pot luck at 7, when, you'll find us free as air. But you needn't hurry off like that. ._ If you can tell a love story in 10 minutes Pm your man. WeVe got to wet your welcome, and I musn't be too punctual anywhere, Besides, now those docks are settled, Pve earned 10 minutes' holiday I'm sure.' 'I'll take them then,' said Guy, selfishly, while Heron went to the black cabinet and slowly uncorked a dusty bottle of wine. ' The fact is, mine is not a common story, you see, in spite of the P. and O. And, in fact, I came to tell it you here, before ever seeing Mrs. Heron.' ' You don't mean to say you want advice ? My dear fellow, a man who wants advice in a love affair only -de- serves one answer — that he's not worth advising.' . «'0h; that's all light. As if I (ranted any advising that way ! But the story isn't exactly mine — that s to say, it is mine. . 'Spppose, then, we begin in the piddle, Guy. . It's always' the bes fray.??-' . ' -:. ' ' '?' . * ' ??. t *« She has a mot her— ^— ' : «ob.r': ,;????'?.-/ v'- ? .-- :' ';-- ?;?.' ,*' Heron, if there's one sort of joke lore detestable than another, it's that tale one about iabth«c»»in4aw« Mine, anyhow, is a very charming -woman, Whatever oth-n\people's may -be.'. : . « By the way, the 10 minutes were not for her mother, but for her.' (to be continued.) 