CHAPTER II.-A Friend in Need. Down, down to the far horizon sinks the westering aun, the malignant fierceness of his blazing eoontenanoe abating somewhat, for he is within an honr of his rest. Yet the earth still gives forth its shimmering heat, and on every side the red surface of the parched-up plain assumes a hue of blood be neath the golden glow of sunset, vrhioh, con trasted with the vivid blue of the heavens, is produotiveofa strangely weird and unearthly effect. So thinks, at any rate, a horseman, toil somely making his way over its inhospitable expanse. His steed, suffering terribly from want of water,as well asfromalaok of nutri tions food, can hardly^drag its limbs along, and more than once has the rides endeavored to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long, spells of walking. Bat who can Indnlge in protracted exercise under such difficulties ? Consequently, the horseman, though of fine and powerful build, is nearly as taxed and used up as his unfortunate steed. How ana again a flying locust rape him in thefaoeashe ‘ ‘ What an infernal oonntry 1" he exolaitns aloud, wiping his dripping forehead. ** Nearly sunset; no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a drop ot water in tins howling, desert. By Jove, the situation is getting serious,” he adds, in a tone bordering on **Hu‘alarm is hot without reason. Sinee quitting last night’s camp beside a nearly dry waterhole, containing a noisome mixture, and that of the consistency «f a pea-soup, he has found no trace of tne indispensable fluid. And he is lost A worn-out horse under him, foodless. waterless, in the midst of tin apparently interminable desert, he has every excuse for beginning total excessively con “h^Is a fine, tall, well het-up man, this •tamger, . No partiality, oonld define him m handsome. Hti features have no regularity, and hfe light Mae eyes are a trifle too maall and deep eet; but thsre ii a certain power about his oountenanoe, whose square, resolute jaw, the abort, fair pointed heard and heavy sweeping moustache aaa only hall hide. Though his face andhandaaxe burnt red Mown, there la a subtle something which tells at a glance be is not colonial bon, and that, too, quite apart from the newness of his travelling drees prematurely worn by rough usage, and of the serviceable valise which is strapped in front of his saddle. A stony kopje, tbe only eminenoe for five miles around, rises belore the traveller. This he has been using as a landmark, and through its agenoy steering in a straight line. It, too, having reached, he now ascends and immediately there esoapes him a pretty foroible ejaculation of relief. Away in front, breaking the deadly monotony of this horrible plain, lies a house—a home It is still three or four miles distant, though apparently nearer. But the horse haB espied it as soon as his rider, and_ prick ing forward his ears, he picks up his head and steps out with something of an approach to briskness. The first elation—at the certainty of find ing neoessariea such as food and drink—over, the traveller’s thoughts turn to considera tions of comfort. After all, the welcome haven is, in all probability, a mere rough Boer homestead, the abode of dirt and fleas, a place wherein oomfort is an unknown quantity. And at Buoh a prospeot, hungry, thirsty, thoroughly weaned as he is, his spirits droop.. But his musings are interrupted in a sufficiently startling manner, by. nothing less than the “ Whiz” of a bullet un pleasantly close to his head, simultaneously with the “ bang" of the pieoe whence it was discharged. Looking up, he finds that he .has ap proached within a few hundred-yards of the homestead. In the doorway of the same stands a fall man,,clad in a shirt and trousers, with a gun in his hand, from which ho is ex tracting the still smoking cartridge shell. Barely has he mastered these details than another bullet sings past his ear, this time nearer than the first, while the report rings out upon the evening air. To say that the wayfarer begins to feel ex ceedingly nnoomfortable is to express little. Here he is, a perfectly peaoeable, unoffending person, about to seek the much-needed hospitality of yonder domioile, and suddenly, and without an iota of provocation, its owner prooeeds to make a target of him in the most cold-blooded fashion. True, he has heard that many of the up-country Boers are a wild and lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. But this open and unpro voked “aot of war" surpasses anything he may have been led to expect. “ Here, hallo 1 You, sir! What are you blazing away at me for 2" he sings out, his tone betraying a degree of anger which prudence [should have induced him to sup His hand'iustinotively goes to the revolver «ltmg round him iu a holster under his coat. But of what use is a six-shooter against sn enemy many hundred yards- distant, and armed with a rifle7 Therefore, it is with considerable relief that ha beholds his unex pected adversary ground his pieoe, stare at him for a moment, then disappear indoors. The feeling is but transitory, however, as it ooours to him that the fellow has pro bably gone in to get more cartridges, and that any moment he may find himself once more raked by the enemy’s fire. He jndges it prudent to try the effect of a parley be fore venturing any nearer. “Hi! Hallo, friend!" he shouts, “just drop that target praotice, will you? There isn’t an ounce of harm about me. I’m nothing hut a poor" traveller lost iu the veldt, and pretty well dead for want of a drink. D'you understand?” Then if strikes him that if the inhos pitable householder is, as he expeats, a Boer, he will probably not understand. “What is to be done?’’ exolaima the wayfarer, in sheer despair. “Well, Here goes. Hay as well be shot as starve in the veldt; and perhaps the fellow’s only playing the fool—trying what I’m made of—and, if I were only within fifty or even a hundred yards of him, the * trying ’ wouldn't be all on one ride." jThua musing, be continues his advanoe boh the homestead, walking his horse and Mstlinginan attempt to appedb thoroughly. rhSve "done on receipt of-thaftistoric and idiotio order. Bat no more leaden greetings .reach him, nor does the enemy appear. - All Is silent as the grave as he rides up to the The front door stands wide open, exactly as the shooter had left it on rearing there from. There is not a sound of anybody moving inside. The place might haye been uninhabited. Just than the sun, whioh all this time has gradually been sinking, and has already touohed the horizon, disappears. Something like a chill creeps over the traveller at the sudden gloom whioh falls upon the tenement just as he is about to cross ita threshold. Standing at the door, he raps it, somewhat impatiently, with the handle of his whip. Ho answer. Cautiously, and with hand on his pistol, he enters. There is no passage; the door opens straight into the sittingroom. At the sight which meets his eyes he starts, and in voluntarily falls baok. In a comer ot the room stands a tali figure. Leaning with one shoulder against the wall, ita eyes are fixed upon the intrader, great hollow eyes, whioh seem to glitter strangely, and the deathly pallor of the face is enhanoed by its framing of dark hair and heard. Though otherwise motionless, both hands and lips are working slightly, but no sound escapes the latter. The wayfarer, though not by any means a man of weak nerves, is oonsoioua of something horribly uncanny about this ghostlike figure, so silent and immovable, glowering at him in the shades of.the fast-gathering twilight. But at tbe same time he recognises his recent assailant. Ho ghost this, bat—a madman. For a moment both stand staring at eaoh other. Then the strange-looking figure speaks. “Welcome, friend—welcome. Come in, come in. Hake yourself at home. Have you brought any locusts with you? Lots of them—swarms, to eat up what little grass the drought has left. Have you brought them, I sayf Aha—fine things, locusts! Don’t know how we should get on witbont them. Grand things for this country 1 Fine country this! Green as an emerald. Emeralds! no, diamonds. But there isn’t a * stone’ on the place, devil a ‘ stone.’ ” “Locusts! Emeralds! Diamonds !” echoes the stranger in amazement. “ Scott, hot the poor chap’s clean off bis chump—olean off it! What on earth am I to do with him, or with myself either for the matter of that ? ’ “ Hot a * atone’ on the place!’’ goes on the speaker, in a mournful tone. “ I’ve fossioked high and low, and there isn’t one—not oho. Ah, but-the Valley of the Eye 1 Come, friend. We will start at once. You shall make your fortune. Dirk! Dirk!" he shouts, passing the wondering stranger, and gaining the doorway. A withered old Koranna, clad iu a mangy sheepskin kcross, who has just finished pen ning a flook of Angora goats in one of the kraals, comes running up at the summons. At right of his master his parchment visage assumes a look ot deep concern. “DieBaasisreogti zlek(the master is properly ill) he says, turning to the stranger. “ I should rather think he was," assents, the latter, who, although his acquaintance with colonial Dutch is extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping the old fellow’s meaning. “Stones, locusts, Valley oi the Eye! Phot The sooner we get him to bed the hotter. “ I say, old man,” he breaks off persuasively, laying a hand on the shoulder of his nnoonseioua host, “You're not'quite the thing, yon know. Come along and torn' in. I’ll give yon a hand at getting, your togs off.” The other looks at him vaoantiy, and seems to oomprehend. He suffers himself to ba led into the inner room'quite.dooilsly, and there and then to be sail ted into bod. Once then, however,- the blood rushes to his face, and he begins ravmg horribly, though his violenoe finds expression in speech rattier than in (to aa ooarnnJXD.). '■ While a Georgia editorwas addressing an aodienoe fifteen cabbages were thrownoatb* stags; “ I think you, ladies and gentlemen," be said. “Hy gardeh was kUlsd by the re-' east bhxzatd, and I have a large, family to support. All that I meed sow is a basket." 