THE RUN OF SIXTY-SEVEN. It was in Colorado, one of the wildcat and roughest railroads- 1 know of. The road was stocked with enpines, and 'o facilitate the climbing of the heavy grades they had small driving wheels. I was .-fireman oa 67, which was used in t '(j tassecepr service. She had the largest dr; veis on thejread, and;they only measured 48 inches m diameter.. ~ . '.??.???.'-: : : Matt Irwin was the engineer. . . ? ' Sixtj -seven had just been housed after a run. I was fillitg the oiln, and Matt was hauling off his overalls, when Mr Foxythe superintendent, climbed into the cab. ... . . .After a re w commonplace remarks he asked abruptly :. '. . : : 'Matt.1' how' soon can 67 ko out ?' ' ; . ; 'Just as soon as I can pull oh my overalls,' was the reply; ' Her steam hasn't been out yet, and her fire hasn't been drawn.' ; ; : The' superintendent looked at both of, hb .viry hard, as though he was sizing us up, »mi fihpTiVio Knifl' iuwf'iil' snlpmri ! ?'Matt, you've been with us a long time. You've been tried and net. found wanting. To-night we call upon, you to rei form the most dangerous piece of work yet. ; 'Will lyou'ddib?' . :-; ' '? \ ''. '' ' ' ''.'.'?'.'.''. , 'What is it?' he asked. ? ' ' 'There's been a big mistake made in the higher offices— but.tfiafc-is -not for. us to criticise — and there : is bub one ? way to rectify it.'' .'?''.' Here the superintendent's voice Bunk almost to a whisptr. ?', One hundred and ? fifty thousand dollars in. gold has got to be in BM'' -before midnight, to connect with the Eastern express,' and you're the .man selected to take it throngh'.V% . , That waB all. He jumped c if. and diE appeared. For some time Matt and I fat staring at each ether, ihen he slid eff his seat .and said : '; ?,,.'. .' , . ? .- /?.'?,..-?'.. .?-?? . ' This won't do ! Supper, Hairy, supper! ;We haven'o much time to lose. It only lacks a few. minutes of six. Be back before the quarter.' I was back on (imo, but Mitt was there bef ire ,'me, He had lighted' the shaded steam gauge lamp, and stood scanning a small piece of pasteboard.'. . ' W hat do you make of this, Harry ?''he asked as I climbed up beside him. ~ ftT found it. pinned to my cushion. _ ??'?.., On it .was scrawled the words : Danger!; Don't pull the wild freight to -night if you value your lives. A True Friend. ?It makes it that someone besides the .superintendent and us knows of it,' I. replied, the cold shivers beginning to chase each ither up my spinal column; 'There's danger ahead!' : ?, - ' ' '.'Ay, there is danger ahead, my boy,'' and old Matt spoke softer than I had ever heard him before. 'If you want to— ^^ ; 'J -1*11 go where you lead,' I replied quickly. - ; ' . , .,,. . . 'Then we'll go through if it takes the wheels out from under.' : And without, waiting for ^the hostler to ran the engine put, old Matt backed her on - to the turntable, where the wipers got her roundj and then we backed down to. the offices, where four trusty men Boon had the square spfo under the coal.' ' J ''; A few minutes -latr'r we were ccupled on to a ba]f dozeu empty freight'cBrs aud a caboose. ,; ; . , ' There's your ordcr3,' cried Jibmy Conner. ' v ' Oid Matt locked them ov(r, and we began to mo7e cub of t -wn. ' We've got a clear track,' he said, lock ing at me! ahd then he drew up ibe corners of his ffioutb, arid I looked fora quick run Before wi: reached tbt- outbkirtv of the town the rain be^an to come down in a per tveh deluge. ...... ? ' : '' Good night for waFhovere/' be said, 'and wusbovcr8 are aa b3d as washouts.' It; was all down grade, and al! the steam used was t) run . fcho airpump. I had, only to keep the fire alive. ...-._ ; Eight miles down we r&n; past a Btnail ttation where a- freifiht; train was side trar ki d II had perhaps a dizen cars. . -Just before we reached it I Eaw u, man dart in between two. of the cars to escape headlight. We weie half-way down the HaverEack grade, with a ttraight stretch of track 'and a long curve before us, when Matt looked across and said :, ' I'm afraid the little pasteboard was only ia scare. It- — — ' ? There was a £Uph of light behind, the rattloof coal, and Bob Duncan, the forward brakesman; stood in the cab. : His face was as white as a ghost. 'Shut h.t'r down— shut hi'tr down, for heaven's rake ! ' he 6houted. ' A. frejght'd broken loose, and is coming down the grade at two miles a minute !' Matt Iv win never lost his head, and with a c;;olness that comes to few men in time of danger, -he, asked, ' How .do you know?1' , ; /'Seen her by a flash of lightning. O'Ccn lor and Billy h ive jump d.' And then hejawuog out on the step and disappeared. - : ' ' Jump if you want to, Harry,' called old Matt. .' I'm going to stick to her.' I gare. one look out; at the Egyptian darkness, and concluded that I would stay' with old Matt. 'Keep your eye peeled for her,' he cried, and commenced to It t 67 ouK ? ?'There she is !'I; shouted. .... . _ ,, And.tbere it was, sure enough. It, had jutt come put.cf a cut. ' One cf the bcxes was on fife.the flame streaming back half a car length, and cutting through the air like a meteor.'. '-:- ;???-'?.? '??.-.?; ??:.: -.- - -.- ..': ??'-:'' 'Sht's four miles behind,' said old) Mttt, f' and coming four feet to our one. If we can gtt round the curve there is a show of her jumping. ? r ; And then began the terrible ride. He hooked a lick to the first notch and thfn opened the throttle. ' ' ,. With seven Icafa '? ; behind us we shot down the grade of 175 feet to the mile. ' Sixty-seven set low in ^er frame, but every low jjint rung her bell for an eignth of a mile. ' She jumped and swayed and threatened to leave the rails. The wind shrieked around us like a thousand demoos, and the rain poured against the windows in a perfect stream. v .? ? ? ; ? ; ' Thert's danger .ahead and death' behird,' shouted the old engineer, 'If- the rain loosens a boulder and drops it on the track-r-— ., , , . -. : I shuddered. There was the blasted pine that marked the curve. The next second we reached it. . For a moment I thought it' was all over. Then 67 righted. There was a sharp jerk. We forced ahead faster, aiid our seven cars cleared the road bed and went down the bluff with a crash that was heard above the storm, leaving a clear track for the runaway behind that was coming as swift and sure as death. If the runaway got around the curve,the probabilities were that we should be knocked from the track into the river. We were very near to the bottom now, where the roadbed followed the river, and the engineers were cautioned not to run over fifteen miles per hour. . B't orders were not respected that night. We were making thirty miles per hour, when a flash of lightning Bhowed me that darkstring of cars coming round the curve. The blazing11 box was ? on the oppoBite side and invisible. Old Matt gave 67 the steam eo suddenly she seemed to jump from-.under us, but' the runaway ; was not more than half a mile behind and coming with the speed of a tornado. . . ? There was ho getting out of the way. In a moment it would be on us. I imagined I could see the black mass coming down upon us in the darkness when a hea^y rumble wau he ard followed by a tremendous crash. The rain had loosened the. rock and dirt overhanging the track, and it only needed the jar of 67 to set it in motion. I Something like 1C00 tons ci debris rolled on to the track directly behind us, and into this those runaway cars plunged. But we did not find this out until after ward. Ma bt kept 67 up' to what was a tremendous epeed oa that tract. She p'unged and rolled and rang her bell continually. A d zan times I .thought we wero going into tbe river. ' ' / * We pulled through all right, but i this' was my last trp. When I got off the engine my hair was ttreaked with grey, and now jfc is wbrfce ss mow.' - ' ;?:? ? -' For Borne time it _wss thought that the runaway cars had broke loose, but the com'-:, panv became suspicious and had- the case looked into, with tb.e reaulb of running down some tough characters,- who finally, confisied'to cutting them loose with the ? it- t;=nt ion (f ditching us botwt oh HaverEack grado and the be tto'm, and securing the treasure. ? Old Matt has retired from the road, bufc I do not think tVat either he or I thall ever forget t le run of 67. : 