THE EBB TIDE. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AND LLOYD OSBOURNE. PART II. CHAPTER \71I, — (CONTINUED). During all this talk a load of thought or anxiety had weighed upon tlie Captain. There was no part for which nature had so liberally endowed him as that of the genial ship Captain. But to-day he was silent and abstracted, j. nose who knew li.m coma sec I that he hearkened close to every syllabic, and seemed to ponder and try it in balances. Jl would have been hard to say what look there was, cold, attentive, sinister, as of a man maturing plans, which still brooded over the unconscious guest ; it was here, it was there, it was no where; it was now so little that Herricl: chid himself for an idle fancy ; and anon it j was so gross and palpable that you could . say every hair on the man's head talked : mischief. I He woke up now as with a start. " You i wore talking of a charter," said lie. 44 Was I?" said Attwater. "Well, lets talk of it no more at present." Your own schooner is overdue, I under stand ?" continued the captain. . 14 You understand perfectly well, Captain Brown," said Attwater; 44 33 days overdue at noon to-day." 44 She comes and goes, eh ? Plies between here and hinted the captain. 44 Exactly ; every four months ; three trips in the year," said Attwater. 44 You go in her ever?" askcil Davis. 44 No, I stop here," said Attwater. " One has plenty to attend to here." 44 SLop here, do you?" cried Davis. 4<>Say, how long ?" 44 How long, 0 Lord," said Attwater, with perfect, stern gravity. 44 But it does not seem so," lie added, with a smile. 44 No, I daresay not," said Davis. 44 No, I suppose not. Not with all your gods about you, and in as snug a berth as this. For it is a pretty snug berth," said lie, with a sweeping look. 44 Tlie spot, as you are good enough to indicate, is not entirely intolerable," was the reply. 44 -Shell, 1 suppose ?" said Davis. 44 Yes, there was shell," said Attwater. 44 This is it considerable big beast of a lagoon, sir," said the Captain. 44 "Was there a— was the fishing — would you call the fish ing anyways good ?" I don't know that I would call it always anything," said Attwater, 44 if you put it to me direct." 44 There were pearls, too?" raid Davis. 44 Pearls, too,' said Attwater. 44 Well. I give out," laughed Davis, and his laughter rang cracked like a false piece. 44 If you're not going to tell, you're not going to tell, and there's an end to it." "There can bo no reason why I should affect the least degree of secrecy about my island," returned Attwater; 44 that came wholly to an end witli your arrival ; and J am sure, at any rate, that gentlemen like you and Mr. Whisli, I should have always been charmed to make perfectly at home. The point on which we are now differing — if you can call it a difference — is one of time and seasons. I luivc some information which you think I might impart, and I think not. Well, we'll see to-niht ! By-by. Whish !" Ho stepped into his boat, ami shoved oil. 44 All understand, then?" said he. 44 The captain and Mr. Whish at 6.30, and you, Hay, at 4 precise. You understand that, Hay? Mind, I take no denial. If you're not there by the time named, there will bo no banquet, no song, no supper, Mr. Whish !" )> II1LU Oil LIS UlllbKUll ill OllU ill! UiULMC, tl shoal of parti-colored fishes in the scarce denser medium below; between, like Ma hornet's coliin, the boat drew away briskly on the surface, and its shadow followed it over the glittering floor of the lagoon. Alt- waier looked steadily back over his shoulder as he sat ; he did not once remove his eyes from the Farralono and tiie group on her quarter-deck beside the house till his boa! ground upon the pier. Thence, with at? agile pace, ho hurried ashore, and they saw Ids white clothes shining in t he checkered dusk of the grove until the house received him. The captain, with a gesture aiul a speaking countenance, called the adventurers into llu cabin. 44 Well," he said to Tferriek, when thej were seated, 44 there's one good job at least. He's taken to you in earnest." 44 Why should that be a good job?" said Derrick. 44 Oh, you'll sec how it pans out presently,' returned Davis. 44 You go ashore and stand in with him, that's all ! You'll get lots o; pointers ; you can find out what lie lias, and what the charter is, and who's tlie fourth man— for there's four of them, and we're only three," 44 And suppose I do, what next?" cried Herriek. 44 Answer me that." 44 -So I will, Robert Herriek," said the captain. 44 But first lot's see all clear, i guess you know," lie said with an imperious solemnity; 44 J guess you know thenoltoni is about out of this Faralionc speculation ? 1 guess you know it's right out? and if this old island hadn't turned up right when it did, I guess you know where you audi and lluish would have been ?" 44 Yes, I know that," said Herriek. 44No matter who's to blame, I know it. Aud what next ?" 44 No matter who's to blame, you know it, right enough," said tlie captain, 44 and I'm obliged to you for tho reminder. Now here's this Attwater; what do you think of him ?" 44 1 do not know," said Herriek. 44 1 am attracted and repelled. He was insufferably rudo to you." 44 And you, lluisli V" said the captain. Huish sal cleaning a favorite brier root; lie scarce looked up from that engrossing task. 44 Don't ask me what I think of him !" lie said. 44 There's a day comiu', I pray Gawd, when 1 cau tell it him myself." 44 liuish means tho same as what I do," .said Davis. 44 When that man came stop ping around and saying 4 Look here, I'm Attwater' — and you know it was so, by God ! — I sized him right straight lip. Here's the real article, I said, and I don't like it; hero's the real first-rate, copper-bottomed aristocrat, same as what; Ward M4AUistor would lick tho hoots of, and like the taste of them! 4 Aw! don't know ye, do I? God damn ye, did God make ye?' No, that coujdn't be nothing but genuine ; a man got to be horn to that, and notice ! smart as champagne and hard as nails ; no kind of a fool; no, sir ! not a pound of him! Well, what's he here upon this beastly island for? I said. He's not here collecting eggs. He's a palace ut home, and powdered liunkies ; and if he don't stay there, you bet, he knows the reason why ! Follow ? " 44 Oh, yes, I 'car you," said Huish. 44 lie's been doing good business here, then." continued the captain. 44 For 10 years he's been doing a great business. It's pearl and shell, of course ; there couldn't bo nothing else in such a place, and no doubt tlie shell goes off regularly by this Trinity- hall, and tlie money for it straight into tho bank, so that's no use to us. But what else is there ? Is there nothing else ho would be likely to keep here ? Is there nothing else lie would lie bound to keep here? Yes, sir, the pearls ! First, because they're loo valu able to trust out of his hands. Second, be cause pearls want a lot of handling ami matching ; and the man who sells his pearls as they come in, one here, one thcie, instead of hanging back and holding up— well, that man's a fool, and it's not Attwater." 44 It's likely," said Huish. 44 that's w'ab it is ; not proved, but likely. 4 I t's proved," said Davis, bluntly. 44 .Suppose it was ?" said Herriek. 44 Sup pose that was all so, and he had these pearls 1 — a 10 years' collection .of them ? Suppose he had ? 'There's my question." Tlie captain drummed with his thick hands on the board in front of him ; he looked steadily to Derrick's face, and Herriek as steadily looked upon tho table aud tin paltering fingers ; there was a gentle oscilla tion of the anchored ship, and a big patch of sunlight travelled to and fro between ono and the oilier. 44 Hear me ! " Ilerrick burst out suddenly. 44 No, you had better hear me first," said Davis. 44 Hear mo and understand me. We've got no use for that fellow, whatever you may have. He's your kinu, lies not | ours; he's took to you, and he's wiped his boots on me and Huish. Save him if you can ! " 44 Save him ? " repeated Iferriclt. 44 Save him, if you're able!" reiterated Davis wit!) a blow of his clenched fist. 44 Go ashore, and talk him smooth, and if you et him ami his pearls aboard I'll spnro him. If you don't there's going to he a funeral. Is that so, Huish ? T3oes that- suit you ?" 44 1 ain't a forgiving man," said Huish, 44 but I'm not the sort to spoil business neither. Bring tlie bloke on board ami his pearls along with him, and you can have it your own way ; maroon him where you like. I'm agreeable." 44 Well, and if I can't ?" cried Herriek, while the sweat streamed upon Ins face. 44 You talk to me as if I was God Almighty, to do this and that. But if I can't?" 41 My son," said the captain, 44 you had bettor do your level bust, or you'll see sights !" 44 Oh, yes!" said JTuish. 44 Oh, crikey, yes !" He looked across at Herriek with a toothless smiie that was shocking in its savagery ; and his ear caught apparontly by : the trivial expression he had used, broke I into a piece of the chorus of a comic song which he must have heard 20 years before in ! London ; meaningless gibberish that, in that 1 hour and place, seemed hateful as a blas phemy: 44 Tlikev, nikev. crikey, fikcy, ehil- lingawallaba dory." The captain suffered him to finish ; his face was unchanged. 44 Tiie way things arc, there's many a man that wouldn't let you go ashore, he re sumed. 44 But I'm not that kind. I know you'd never go back on me, Ilerrick ! Or if you choose to — go aud do it, and be damned !" lie cried, and arose abruptly from tlie table. He walked out of the house, and, as he reached the door, turned and called H uish, suddenly and violently, like the barking of a dog. Huish followed, aud Herriek remained alone in the cabin. 44 Now, see here !" whispered Davis. 44 1 know that man. If you open your mouth to him again you'll ruin all." CHAPTER VIII.— Better Acquaintance. Tlie boat was gone again, and already half way to the Farallone, before Herriek turned and went unwillingly up tlie pier. From the crown of the beach the figurehead confronted him with what seemed irony, her hehnctcd head tor.ied back, her formidable arm appar ently hurling something, whether shell or missile, in the direction of the anchored schooner. She seemed a defiant deity. from the island, coining forth to its threshold witJ\ a rush us of one about tolly, and perpetuated in that dashing attitude. Herriek looked up at Iter, where she towered above him head and shoulders, with singular feelings of curiosity and romance, ami suffered his mind to travel to and fro in her life history. So iongshe had been the blind conductress of a ship among the waves; so long she had Hood here idle in tho violent sun that yet did not avail to blister her; uid was even this tho end of so many ad ventures ? he wondered, or was more behind ? And ho could have found it in his heart to regret t hat she was not a goddess, nor yet he a pagan, that he might have bowed down be fore her in that hour of difficulty. When ho now went forward it was cool with the shadow of many Mell-grown palms, draughts of the dying breeze swung them to gether overhead, and on all sides, with a swiftness beyond dragon flies or swallows, the spots of sunshine flitted aud hovered auil returned. Under foot the sand was fairly solid and quite level, and Ilerriek's steps fell there noiseless as in new-failon snow. It bore the marks of having been once wended like, a garden alley at home, but the pesti lence had done its work, and the weeds were returning. The buildings of the settlement showed here and there through the stems of the colonnade, fresh painted, trim, and uanuy, ana an sueni/ as tne grave. Only here and there in tlie crypt thero was a rustic and scurry, and some crowing of poultry, and from behind the house with the verandahs he saw smoke arise and heard the crackling of a fire. The stone houses were nearest him upon his right. The first was locked ; in tho second ho could dimly perceive through a window a certain accumulation of pearl shell piled in the far end ; tlie third, which stood -aping open on the afternoon, seized on the mind of Herriek with its multiplicity and disorder of romantic things. Therein were cables, windlasses, and blocks of every size i and capacity ; cabin windows aud ladders; rusty tanks ; a companion hatch ; a binnacle with its brass mountings and its compass idly pointing in tlie confusion and dusk of that shed to a forgotten pole ; ropes, anchors, harpoons, a blubber-dipper of copper, green with years ; a steering wheel, a tool chest with tho vessel's name upou tho (Op, the Asia ; a whole curiosity -:hop of sea curios, gross and solid, heavy to Ait, ill to break, bound with brass and shod with iron. Two wrecks at the least must have contributed to this random heap of iumber ; and, as Herriek looked upon it, it seemed to him as if tlie two ships' companies were there on guard, and he heard the tread of feet and whisperings, and saw witli tho tail of his eye the commonplace ghosts of sailormoii. This was not merely the tvork of an aroused imagination, but had something sensible to go upon ; sounds of a stealthy approach were no doubt audible ; un<l while he still stood staring at tho lumber the voice of his host sounded suddenly, and with even more than the customary softness of enun ciation, from behind. 44 .Junk, "it said, 44 only old junk! And does Air. Hay find a parable ?" 44 1 find at least a strong impression, " re plied Herriek, turning quietly, lest lie might be able to catch on the face of tlie speaker some commentary on the words. Attwater stood in the doorway, which he almost wholly Idled, his hands stretched above his head and graspiiig tho architrave, lie smiled when their eyes met, but the ex pression was inscrutable. 44 Yes, a powerful impression. You are like me; nothing so affecting as ships!" said he. 44 Tiie ruins of an empire would leave me frigid, when a bit of an old rail that an old shellback leaned on in the middle wnteJi would bring me up all standing. But conic, let's see viino more of the islaud. It's all sand and coral and palm trees ; but there's a kind of quaintness in tiie place." 44 1 find it heavenly," said Ilerrick, breathing deep, with head bared in tlie shadow. 44 Ah, that's because you're new from the sea," said Attwater. 44 1 dare say, too, you can appreciate what one calls it. It's a lovely name. It has a flavor, it lias a color, it has a ring unci fall to it; it's like its author — it's half Christian. Remember your lirst view of the island, and how it's only woods and woods and water, and suppose you had asked somebody for tho name and lie had answered, 4 Nemoiosa Zacyu- thos.' " 44 Jam medio apoaret jluclu!" exclaimed Ilerrick. 44 Ye gods, yes, how good?" 44 If it gets upou the chart the skippers will make nice work nf it." nn.iJ AHauhIap 44 But, here, come and see the diving shed." Ho opened a door, and Herriek saw a large display of upparatus neatly ordered ; pumps and pipes, aiul the leaded hoots, and the huge snouted helmets shining in rows along tho wall ; 10 complete outfits. 44 Tho whole eastern half of inv lagoon is shallow, you must understand,'5 said Att water ; 44 so we are able to get in the dress to great advantage. It paid beyond belief, and was a queer aito when they were at it, and these marine monsters," tapping the nearest of tho helmets, 44 kept appearing and reappearing in tho midst of the lagoon. Fond of parables !" ho asked abruptly. 44 O, yes !" said Herriek. 44 Well, I saw these machines coino up dripping and go down, aud come up dripping and go down again, and all tlie while tho fellow inside as dry as toast!" said Attwater; <4and I thought we all wanted a dress to go into the world in, and come up scatheless. What do you think the name was ?" ho inquired. 44 Self-conceit," said Herriek. Ah, but I mean seriously 1" said Att water. 44 Call it self-respect Ihuu !" corrected Iler rick, with a laugh. 44 And why not grace? Why not God's grace, Hay?" asked Attwater. 44 Why not the grace of your Maker and Redeemer. He who died for you. He who upholds vou. Ho whom you daily crucify afresh ? tthoro is I nothing here," striking on his bosom, no thing there," smiting the wall, 44 and nothing thero," stamping, 44 nothing but God's grace ! Wo walk upon, fwe breathe it ; we live and die by it ; it makes the nails and axles of tho universe, and a puppy in pyjamas prefers solf-conccit!" Tho huge dark man stood over against Herriek by tho line of the divers' helmets, and seemed to swell ami glow, and tho next moment the life had goue from him. '1 beg your pardon," said he. 44 1 see you don't believe in God ?" 44 Not in your sense, I fear," said Herriek. 41 1 never argue with young atheists or habitual drunkards," said Attwater. 44 Let us go across tho island to the outer beach. " (To be continued.) 