*11 ■ Our Sydney, Letter. fffKOM OUn OWN COimEsrONBENT. I For some time past wo havo boon gravoly tBBUred that the single tax is done!, that it is only advocated by a fow faddists whoso numbers aio becoming smaller every day and jitubh Jhore equally accurate and to the purJjobo. t aili not a single tafcor myself, liut tho idea of tho single tax embodies a great truth which ho civilised Stato ciin long contifiuo tt> neglect with impufiity. Tb allow iHo unearned inetcfjlent in tho <ralue of lntid to be monopolised by individuals, is to set a premium on aBtuteneas and cunning, and to penalise Industry and enterprise. It foregoes tho rovenuo which is produced, and lenders it necessary to levy rovenuo by taxes which hunper production and commerce. The fund which the activities and enterprise of tho people of Now South Wales have created—that fund which is measurod by the "position value" of tho lands of the colony as distinct from tho value of tho imritoVements . Oil them—is for the most part being spent by absentees in other fc'ounttiesi To supply the want ft£ it the colony has had to borrow at an interest charge wliioh doublea the cost of our loans and constitutes a severe drain on the resources of tho country. All this the advocates of the single tax have taught me, and if I still fail to seo that a tax on tho position value or unimproved value of land should under all circumstances be the ofily.tas, it is not from any want of loyalty to that great Contral principle of honesty—to each his own and to the State its own. To every man the fruit of his own labour and to the Stato collectively the fruit of its collective labours. Apologising for this digression, I wish to observe that this "dead" cause is still so formidable that tho landowners of,the colony havo found it necessary to form a league to counteract its teachings. Possibly they are afraid of its ghost. If slander and misrepresentation could havo killed it, it would havo been dead long ago. But either it or its wraith is so much in evidence that the people who do lis the hofiour to '."own" the land we live in, find it riecessiry to band together for the express purpose of killing it over again. However, whether the single tax represents a dead cause or a living one, I think that nearly all classes are agreed that it is a shameful injustice that of all classes in tho colony tho speculative and non-improving land owners should escape taxation altogether. They are the'most powerful class in the cbmmtinity, whiill sufficiently accounts for their immunity from taxation. But they are also tho most useless class. Nay, they aro worse than usoless, becauso they neither use their land themselves, nor permit any one else to use it except on ruinous terms. There is not a city or town in the colony that is not hemmed in by their possessions. And it is equally true that, thero is not a city or town which would not immediately feel a mighty impetus if, by an impost on the unearned increment, tho holding of unproductive land for a rise in prico were rendered pecuniarily unprofitable! " The land to those who uso it," is the keynote of material prosperity. In Now South Wales we say in effect: Tho land to those who hold it out of uso 1 Consequently the unemployed land mocks the unemployed people, and those " owners" who reside among us are asked to give in oharity to the destitute, what they should havo given—or rathor an infinitesimal fraction of what they Bhould have given— to the State as its right. If the State had collected the revenue of its own creation, tho expenditure of that revenue would have rendered destitution impossible, except, among the inveterately idle and thriftless, and these classes can never bo insured against the inevitable consequences of their own vices.' It has allowed itself to bo robbed of tho wealth of its own Croatian. That wealth is helping to make things " hum" in London and Paris. It is enabling a small and idlo class of propertied persons to stand callously by whilst the rost bf the community suffers all the miseries of depression for the want of it. No ttondor tlio land-owners hlfddlo together like frightened shocp now that these things ire being brought into discussion. The rights of property aro in question ; they cry " Spoliation is rampant." Spoliation never gave them any uneasiness as long as they wero allowod unquestioningly to despoil the State. The rights of property never gave them a qualm as long as they wero allowed without demur to appropriate tho increment of value whioh was oreated by tho State, and whioh, therefore, belongs to the State, Their idea of " property" is tho right of appropriating other people's property— the property,; that is to say, of the community which created it. Even now their unearned gains are as yet untouched. Not a farthing in the pound has been levied upon them. All that has heen done has been in the way of subjecting their gains to examiilatiun and discussion. Will their huddling together Bavo them 1 Will the duBt of misrepresentation in which tlmy obscure the.main issue save them 1 I will leave tho historian of the future to answer. But I feel certain that they can only be saved from what they fear at the cost of keeping tho rest of tho population in tho miseries whioh'' thoy aro it presert experiencing, and I doubt very much whether they will bo willing to experience thorn muoh longer. This is a case in which justico as . well as voting power is on tho side of advancing reform.. The most effective tactics of the land monopolists have hitherto been found in silence. They havo not. defended their position by argument or rhetoric, but thoy havo quietly diverted taxation in other directions. It is notorious that Free Trade members of the Legislative Council, for instuneo, voted for Protection becauso they knew if they rejected it a land tax would follow. Theii.- establishment of a league is a distinct step in advance. It shows that theylare being forced out into the open, that the subterfuges by which they have been enabled to shirk their fair share of taxation in the past are failing them, and thnyaroat last conTpolled to make some attempt to justify their position. They ore brought to tho bar of public opinion and find thomselves compelled to plead. The more thoroughly their case is set forth,tho mora untenable it will seem to bo, and tho more promptly Will judgmont bo entered against them. The manner in which Australian qualified modical men suffer from Hie competition of those who are legally unqualified has often boen set forth in moving torim. Commissioners under tho direction of the legallyqualified section havo published blue books of evidence intended to sink tho legally- unqualified out of existenco. But still'thoy livo and flourish, and out^of cheer porversity, I suppose, the deathrato of tho colony persists in remaining low, notwithstanding tho goneral proferenco for tho " unqualified" Short 08 against the "qualified" Codlin. But as the difference between qualifiel and unqualified often means tho possession of a pieco of parchment without skill in healing and tho possession of skill in healing without a pieco of parchment, porhaps it is not so formidalo as it soems. At any rate a commission appointed to inquiro into tho doings of legally- qualified practitioners would soon bo able to pilo up a sensational record. Horo is a bit of ovidenco from a INow Zealand paper, A woman died after two days of torriblo suffering. Her friends had endoavoured to obtain medical ussistanco for lier, but in vain. One doctor declined to attond without having his feopaidin advance, another objocted to moot at the bedside a member of tho profession with whom ho had Bome misunderstanding, and a third was unprovided with tho necessary instruments to deal with tho caso ! So after days of fruitless agony tho poor woman passed away ! Thus does humanity suffer at tho hands of tlicso unprincipled unqualified practitioners —I beg pardoiij I had fallen into tho regular " track" lino of tho daily papers. Tlicso practitioners, olio and all, appear to havo boon duly and legally qualified. Tho inOident, liko othors wliigli t\ro occurring evory day 8how that the possession of a diploma by no means exempts the holder from some of the worst failings of degenorato humanity. Tho folly of giving to any class suprome powor over tho health and liberty of tho peoplo becomes moro evident evory day. A fair field and no favour, tho medical profession, like every other profession, is ehtitled tb. But when fchoy seek moro than that, tlioy become, pro tanto, onefflios of tho people. Hospital Saturday proved & great success. Tho wivos and daughters of the ■Wealthy turned out in force to collect. They raised liearly £2000, and what is perhaps of moro importanco, they raised Choir estimate of the ordinary plebeian crowd, frofil iv.liorrf they solicited donations. Perhaps also the rot'fetsd is true and tho plebeians, so widely separated in rank and station from tho fair collectors, may have bowi gratified to bo able to observe for tliomsolves that these fortunato young persons possessed both human sympathies and humau foibles. Anyhow tho . grand truth that, " You never know what you can do till you try," has once, itittfp received exemplification. So elated are the collectors oVer their success that I expect Saturday collections will yet he Jiiade for other objects than to support the hospitals. A collection to resuscitate mo landowners' defunct " organ" for instance, or to establish the meat export trade of the colony, or to raise anotlior £1000 for that •' dear man Sir George Dibbs"—but there the possible and probable objeots which suggest themselves aro too many and too bowildoring to admit of enumeration. Cable news is riioio than Usually exciting. Earthquakes, gigantic strikes and Unemployed demonstrations in America. The handwriting is on the wall of Carnegie's Triumphant Plutocraoy. Tho " fat man" is being weighed in the balance and found wanting., ' 