BRITISH AND FOREIGN, The marriage of Prince Adolphus of Teck aud a daughter of the Duke of Westminster is to take pluc-e on November 23. It will be attended by the Ducucsb of York, sister of the briJcgrjom. i There is to be a joint celebration of tbe I gumen weucing oi ine J^ari ot ijra-jont, tho i silver wedding of bis son, Vifcouot Newport, and tbe comiug of ago of the lattcr's oldcBt son. | Mr Horeley, of Soham, has been celebra ting his 102nd birthday. Beyond being a little deaf, he is io excellent health, and . still works in bis garden. When 100 years ' of age lie Attended the weJdiogof bis grand daughter, and gave her awa; . Au author named Biiums, who when a boy I lost both lianas through being caught in machinery, ami now writes witb a piece of leather fixed on the s:utnp of his left arm, has just, published a book on the bibliography of Siaffor sbire. La. iies and gentleman are said to'bc b-p- picking in Kent »6 a cure for insomnia, the hop being regarded as an Opiate. A railway is likely to be constructed to the summit of Saowdon, aod a large hotel is to be erectel there.. The electric ^underground .railway, which ii to run under the Tbame-s from the Mansion House to Waterloo station, will be a mile onJ a half iu length. The city terminus will form a monster circular sub way, occupying the whole space fronting the Mansion House. Since the opening of the Tower Bridge, the daily number of foot passengers has been 55,609, and of vehicles G074. Excavations show that Pompeii, which existed six centuii s before Christ, was well paved and well supplied with driukiug water. Some of the earliest inscriptioas related to elections. The year's excavations at Troy have been confined toU;. iog bare the entire fortified wall in the sixth layer of the ruins. Excavations in Dpper Kgypt brought to light a s.-t of woodeu statueitcs of soldiers, showing tbe costumcs of tbe troops of the Pharaohs. The Son'antsc of to- Jay are clad and equipped exactly like ihe mramid buil-.lors. Bload oranges arc now prcspared artificially, the ordinary oranges beiag punctured and'a small quaniity of claret Injected. Every auimal kept by maa, exccptingthe cat, is taxed in Austria, and now there is actua'ly a proposal to t«x cats. Some bo s lighted cigarettes and handed them to the monke;.s in ibe Paris Zoo. The animals puffed away with evident ciijov ment. The partial demolition of Doctors' Cain mons. Sc. Paul's Churchward, is going on, including a room over the archway, iu which Sir Chriitophcr Wren designed the plans for the cathedral. The office for the issue of marriage licenses will be removed to Creed lane. Mummy wheat, taken from an Egyptian touih, was recently planted by Lord Win chileei to s -e if it possi ssed the germ of life ; but it merely rotud aw-iy. Tuis announce-' mcut called forth letters, In some of wbich it was positively -stated that wheat and peas, at least 3000 years old, taken from mummv cases readily grew on being planted iu this country. Others record unsuccessful attempts, and declare that, growth aft';r such a lapse of lime would be an imooB&i-; bility. It it estimated that in London alone nearly I one million pawntickets are issue! every week for supis uuder 10i. Tue Exhibition at ihe Agricultural Hall, Islington, emUreccs the confectioners', bakers', grocers', and allied tra Ics. Some 40,000 loaves made., in ibc ball were sent to ai I the families of the Scotch miners on strike. The reesnt- icab-gLrike cost .$8111, the income from -collections, fjis, etc., exceed ing that amount by £91. Tli'. L-tudon General omnibuses carried 65,000 000 passe ng rsin the last ha f-\ car. A post-card, posted in Ilamstuad* to an address not five oiiaatee' walk from (he sender's house, male a joarnev of 26 000 mile's lu the post the card slipped into a news.#apcr bound for Tasmania On reach ing Tasmania the card was discovers I aul r.-iurn^d to the eeiider ic a letter. La lies in Londou have tukjti to weariu f a miniature watch ou^siJe the dress or jacket, suspended by a slender chain, which in turn is attached to a brooch pin. It is a great temptation to thieves, an 1 olreajv scores of esi-end la-li-es have been robbed in broad da; light. Some watches thus ctrrwd off wr-rj stvldel with j swcls. Another attempt to revive the dreaied crinoline ha^ failed, A ' ghost,' which was to be seen waltalog nightly near Dorchester, was captureJ by a party of men and women armed with sticks, aud turned out to be a laborer draped in white. The man s wife was actually one of the attacking party , and the ghost was so bruised wiih tbe slicks that he had to be taken to the hospital. At Suobury a gentleman was sued for non-payment of a year's rates on bU country house. Ihe def^n'ant obj eted that for yeftr.l^ie ^0UBe waa shut up while he was living in town. The magistrate decided that the defeudant was not liable to be rated while the house was empty. 