A FAREWELL TO INSPECTOR CAMPBELL. A gathering of State school teachers was held at the Shamrock Hotel on Saturday afternoon to bid good-bye to Inspector Camp bell, who has been removed to the Stawell <llslrict. -There', was a good number present,, iuoludiog Mr. B. Ware, Mr. Campbell's ■ coir league, and the principal tcaohers of most of. tho°Bchool3 of .(bo distritet. Mr. Burst on took the ohnir and, Mr.' Costello tUo vice- chair. Tho former explained tbo reason of the meet ing. . Ho remarked, that partings must inevi tably tako place in this but tbo greater part of the sling wiw taken away when there existed such -n bcarty goodwi 11 as in iho pre sent' ease. Ho then proposed tho toast of “*Tho Queon” which’was bonpred, Mr. Costello then proposed tho'health of “Tho Quont,” Mr.Campbell.Ho was ißorry ho had hot the lips of Nestor in order that ho might do justice, to the toast which bod fallow to htsjot. Olliers present bad* a > closer . connection and better, knowledge of Mr. Campbell, hut. the to rollers were suoh a boioogonous body that anything which affected one portion would, be felt by tho otbora. Ho bad heard Mr. Campbell talked of, . but never with anything but the lii ghost praise. It was necessary that school teachers as well os any other body should have supervision in their work. Ho was glad that Mr. Campbell bod proved suoh a good supervisor. Ho had always given encouragement whore it was aiooded, nnd if faults had existea he bad {pointed them out hi a 'manner which helped Jtho teacher and showed that bis justice was 4iUondcd with mercy. Ho (the speaker) had had a wider experience of inspectors in other than most potent, bub hc had never /»omc across ono who’ was'Mr. Campbell’s (Superior .as .an iaspeetoror a gon{)oman. 110 was sure that Mr. Campbell bad -whilst in (be district done bis utmost for tho advancement jof the schools. , OSv. Daley said that during the Ijmo lie bod known Mr. Campbell ho had olwavs found - Him. courteous and - kind ito all wjWi whom he onme in contact. Hpoaking as .a cadet- officer bo referred to Captain Campbell's consideration for bis subordinate officers, .whom bo bad treated not as subordinates but more as equals: Captain •Campbell bad. done much for the Bendigo C’adcl Corps, and bad in fact prevented their cofinpec, so Hint bis plncu would bo bard to All - • ’ Mr. Jones, of Elmor.o, spoke on bobalf of tho country schools, and a number of other teachers added a few words of .pyajso ajud goodwilL -.^.-' rz? .'-V • Mr. War# pointed out that ho would per imps bo tho greatest loser by Mr. Cambell's departure, aa bo would lose not only a friend but also a colleague of tbo highest order. Ho was sorry that the oxigenoios of tho Govern ‘snout necessitated tbo removal of Mr. Camp bell, with whom bo bad got on so well, and iho hoped that at some future day they might be colleagues again. . The chairman then read 0 • letter of rogrot and good wishes, tbo tost of which was ns follows: • To C. H, Campbell L.L.8., Inspector of Schools, —Dear Sir,, on tho occasion of your departure from Bendigo wo, tbo toaohera of tbo district, dosiro to oppress deep rogrot that tbo exigencies of tbo department render your removal from our midst necessary, and Xo assure you of tho great regard we and ali j with whom you have . been brought into con tact, .professionally or otherwise, entertain 'for you. Wo fool that it has boon a great gain to us to have been associated with a gentleman who has taken such a decided interest in the welfare of -the schools and j whoso kindly bearing towards the tonobors ever prompted and encouraged them (o more strenuous efforts to excel in their work. While wishing you Godspeed wp trust that prosperity may attend you in your now sphere j of labor, and -earnestly pray that yourself, | Mrs Campbell and. family may be blessed ■ with perfect health and unalloyed happiness. Tbo toast was enthusiastically honoured. j In replying Mr. Campbell expressed himself as very highly gratified by the reception he bad received from tbo <meoliug and tho good wishes given. Ho attributed his harmonious working with tbo teachers to the fact that ho always desired to work with them as friends nnd not ns’the man set over to watoh them. Referring to his connootion with tho endet force, ho said- that it bad taken bis,fancy and ho bad thrown himself with enthusiasm into it. The assistance be had got from tbo brother, officers of tho various. corps was responsible in a largo measure for tbo efficiency of tho No. 1 bat talion, which he hoped would go on improv ing aftor bo left. Though tbo lady teachers were not represented be felt.he could not go away without tendering them ns . n body bis bast thanks, and expressing tbo high opinion of tbo work performed by thorn in the Stato schools, especially the country ones. He thanked tbo gentlemen for tboir kind expres sions. Mr. O’Brien proposed tbo health of Mr, Ware, who responded with a lew remarks. Several other toasts were honored, and the gathering breko up, .- . ' : . 