THE TIMBER BOOM. Amongst sundry and manifold voices of depression in tho commercial world there is just now one clearly dis tinguishable tone of hope. It comes from our forests. After many years and much effort it has been got into the slow-perceiving mincl of John ' Bull that hard wood will really endure longer as a pave ment than soft wood. And as for his great cities he requires many pave ments his orders are likely to be large, and worth evon extraordi nary effort to secure. The better awakening of our general paternal ancestor has been characteristically slow. He had to move through every process of roadraaking, from Roman pavement to cobble stones, cobble stones to granite pitchers, thence to macadam, to the various ex periments in iron and concrete and asphaltum, to the soft woods of Nor way and America, and last the idea dawns on some of his vestry men that if soft wood is good hard wood must be better. "We know that it is bettor, incomparably better. Its endurance is tenfold greater; its clean liness is superior ; it is free from all the danger of providing convenient cran nies or spongy surfaces for. the harbor ing of lilth and the breeding of disease germs. But in .cold countries, if frost follow sharp on rain or thaw, its surface becomes hard and smooth as plate- glass. In that condition, of course, it would afford no foot- hold to horses as at present shod, and a real slippery morning in a wood-paved London would be more dreaded tlitm the thickest fog. But may not the difficulty and danger of the slip pery surface be got over? All men who lived at all on ice in their youth must remember that in the pastime of sliding an iron-shod boot was the first essential. A plain leather sole would " spoil the slide," a golosh would be scouted instantly away. It was the iron on the ice which gave the slipperiness desired there. It is the iron on the ice which causes the slip periness dreaded on tho roadways. For those peoples then to whom general adoption of hardwood roadways may mean great industrial opportunity and pecuniary advantage one great task is to use every means of so im proving or altering the shoeing of horses and the tiring of vehicles as to render progress over any surface safe, convenient and easy. The policy of shop, of cheapness, of cut-throat compe tition, ought to do this, we know ; but it does not. It is too big for its pettifogging mind. To be well done and quickly done it will need to be made a national matter. It concerns the disposal of timber now ready for tho axe and tho mill in the colony, worth more, probably, than the whole of the grass and herbage crop which we realise on in tho shape of wool. If anyone in New South Wales could devise a horseshoe and a tire, cheap and convenient as those now used, but also safe on any frozen surface as the cushioned wheel of a bicycle, that man would 'do as much for his country as did John Maoartiiuk when ho obtained and kept together that little flock which has spread the golden ileeco over the whole of Australia, If good government is to develop tho . resources, to prepare the way for the utilisation of matured products, what more necessary and justifiable act of good government could be . imagined than the taking of money directly out of the pockets of the general taxpayers and putting it into the hands of that man or firm or class who would give us horseshoes and wheel tires which would make our hardwoods usable in all countries and climates ? It would be sin against free-trade, of course, and improper meddling with a "natural order of business," " The ' devil fly away with free-trade and the natural order of business," the natural-minded man who loves his own land best must say. By Government interference and by private enterprise, by every possible influence of protection, encouragement and stimulation, we want to get mate rial which- will ultimately employ our people and fill our purses. And the first requisite . for .this, in this instance, is a new method of horse-shoeing and wheel-tiring. It is not necessary or certain that such invention should come from Australia, and there is no reason why, pending its perfection, we should hold our hands. -The fact onco grasped, as now it Seems to be, , that .' wood is the coming payoment of tho cities of tho world, a great deal will-depend on obtaining the first grip of the market., . This in)a small way seems to have been done by .Tasmania! . .."While our politicians wore prosing away about principles they dared hot - adopt, and fiddle-faddling with matters they did not- under stand little Tasmania struck out and obtained ,a first foot in tho .'market." "JL'is the old ' story of the butter business over again. Let the thing called free-trade have .fair opportunity and Tasmania shall be winning mil lions from her acres of "hardwoods before' we have begun to take oven thousands out of our, square miles. The opportunity lies right before tie, fair, broad and magnificent. Let it be delivered oyer, to "shop" pure'and simple and. we shall have, nigglers hero collogtling or wrangling with hagglers at'home, sap shipped home for good solid heart, "worthless white gum bran ded hs mountain ash, messmate as stringy bark, and some bastard box as tallow wood. Attempted fraud here will play- into the hands of leagued opposition there, and with timber, as with butter and fruit, wo shall fall into contempt, and hobble along despondently, while others go waltzing into prosperity and for tune. But let a national and patriotic mind look on it as a national matter let every invention which may aid it- be assured of magnificent reward ; let a watch be kept on all timber out and shipped, and a heavy hand ot' forfei ture and fine be shut down on any attempt at imposture' and fraud ; let it bo regarded as a first work of those charged with the. administration of this colony's affairs to place the timbers of its forests on the streets of the pities of Europe with all expedition and care — and what prospect of relief, of pro gress, of employment and enrichment is there even in a near future. Ho whoso ear is tuned aright- may hear chorus of ringing axes, pulsating engines and buzzing saws, loud as the voice of the forest of the mountains .when' the winds . are up .and. tho great, limbs- -groan, and tho in-r numerable leaves' tongues roar, and- tho tall trunks and lance-like saplings . harp as the .spars of a world's navy. straining together in a gale. Away is open, indeed, into which far-seeing, adaptive and practical administrators might lead armies of the people \- to industrious- occupation, permanent and profitable. But can those whose temple is shop, whose idol is cut-throat competition, and whoso high priest a Cheap- John, take one single step in" the way of such leadership? It must needs, in its very initiatory steps, involve the assisting of one section of the community at the cost of all the others, and that to the loyal free trader is its the sin against the Holy ' Ghost to the Evangelical Christian. 