(FROU OUR OWN COIttRESOFD\SLET.) MONEY MATTERS. Credit Foncier is fast glowing into favour, n and one of our main hopes of rescue from the c, financial collapse, especially after the bril- w liant display of our representative, the lion. t A. I'Lean, last Thursday. in the H]ouse, and the well-deserred eulogium he received p from the "Age." The little "oon ewe lamb" of the Government would have been of very little use had not our tmember offered to sllear it, that is, trim it into shape and t rear it, and his first speech shllows that he n knows more about it than the mtjtrity of u members. If eaended so that the money of the humble be lent to the humble, in sums ii of £25 to £500, instead of to tihe mgnates a from £200 to £1000, the little money now as available in the savings' blnks will relieve a s large number of people and cluse money to t circulate at once. 50 per cent, of tie value e of the assets is the safest limit for loans. If d this is not entough to rescue our struggling settlerr, there is another twin mnelure in. evitable, the issue of state currency, no Ioncer borrowed by the Gouvertnmen, bIut mede by it and lent to us. This could be b lenatat 2 per cent., and even I per cent. (ride t Tasmanian Government proposals), and if o even lent at 3. per cent., like tile monuley of the savings banks, it would leave nearly 3 per cent. profits for our Treasury as national revenue. \Vshat an immense slnurce of in. come this would be for the Government. From all sides intelligent men recognise the a execrable consequences of scarcity of cur reoey. If the two schemes, Credit Foncier and State Bank of Issue, are carried forward simultaneously, there will be no more com plaint of scarcity of cash, unless shoekingly mismanaged. The debentures must be made a to meet our means, and be sold here as they t are in France, to small investrs. Doben. t tures of £4 everyone will invest in. They bear interest in his pocket; they can t be used as eurrency with more safety titan iotes, more even than crossed cheques. With the slate bank notes and the debentures in ci culation, there will be no more need for r tick or credit. Transactions will be made for cash. and money will be restored to its proper use. If I horrow £500 on my farm at 3 per cent in State Bank notes, and invest them in debentures at 3 per cent., I have virtually a working capital that cot me nothing, has no need to be entrueted to i a shaky bank, and enables tme to mtobilise any portion of my assets. Really I am in the position of a farmer or eqsatter who would be able to cut a pound of steak fro,,, a fat bullock, aslice of ham from tihe pig. or a cutlet from the sheep for his dinner, with. out pain, injury, or further loss than just the value of that pound of steak, ham or cutlet, and contribute besides 3 per cent. of the amount borrowed in tile shape of taxes to the Government and lead the Government money besides. But the debentures must he sold and bouht here. This is aeise-qua-non condition. If our Treasurer is in earnest, and the backbone a reality, and no more is Iorrowed from abroad, even our brothers involved up to 100 per cent. of the present value of their assets will not be long waiting for release, property will increase in value, and prosperity revive sounder thian ever. Some say tithe State Bank would do it all. I fancy the twin schemnes would be lees abrupt and thlerefore safest. Credit Funcier is immediately realisable. The State Bank would follow close upon its heels. I said this was inevitable. My reason for saying st is that the present banks can only issue notes convertible for gold on presentation. If gold is gone they can issue no notes. A State Bank is therefore indispensable. Two millions interest on our national debt have to lie paid abroad in gold every year to foreign creditors, another three or four millions for the excess of import over export, besides some other two or three millions for other foreign smoneys invested hete. This is more titan our gold production, and was made up in the past by foreign loans, urged on by our reckless foreign trade element. Since borrowing abroad has been stopped, gold has been licked up, and it is not likely that the bank notes In circulation could be paid in gold if all presented. Their boasted convertibility is mere assumption, It is high titse the sham is given up, and the state alone lsuses notes on the seenrity of our assets as asked for. Those State Bank notes will be always coovertible, not only in gold, but in any morclhandise the state or people possess. Our banks can no longer be trusted to issue nutes, thtir trade itself will have to be reconstructed on a more modern basis. With the State Bank there will be no corner of gold nor buycot of notes possible, as gold will only be needed for foreign trade if we import more thitan we export, and the State lank note will be the only legal tender, always available as long as assets are forthcoming. No short supply of cash, and no excess, because currency costs say 2 per cent per annum. It does not do there. fate to keep more than we need on hand. The scheme is a marvel, and the alterns. live a terror. The cable just briogs enew that the poor Italians who have slipped lower than ui down the slope of insolvency are now sub-isting on boiled hay and grass. IWe will all go bung no doubt if we are not at once rescued from the rascally system of banking that is fast sucking our blood like a ve.mpire. 'There are many obstacles before us. Net only valuators can be bought or intimidated, but also members of parliament and a portion of the press, By merely semainiug silent, or suppressing portions of the information favorable to reform, a news. paper can sell the people to Shylock. So let us keep our eyes open upon our members and the press, and see things don't end in a fizzle. The Harpers will run their mill to drown our voice, without even a show of a little chicory to pay for the cost (200 an hour, according to Dr. Maloney's computa tiou). The Maddens will conjure the ghosts of their illustrious Tory ancestors, but we need not be scared if only our members are in earnest and the press is honest. A mini. mom wage on government contracts is also indispensable to check the deadly competi tion among contractors. The minimum fixed will become the wages of the best mon. Tie rest will have to be content with what they can get from private employerr, but that little is better than the ever-pariog of tie wages of tihe toiler. Tie measure is needed now. If work was plentiful there would be no need of it. 