St, Stephen's Church. CELEBRATING THE 25TH YEAR. There are few ministers of the Gospel in this colony that can h y claim to such -t long and almost continual inti .t;ration in one place as can Arch a,;u on Allnutt. the weliknown and papelar vicar of St. Steph-.n's, who yes. :ctlay brought to a close a record here ,f twenty-five years. This anniversary ,I his taking charge of St. Stephen's is :u It specially marked, and it mnust be inde-d grat' ying to the Arc:;deaccn to find :hat he still has the love and kind sympathy of his parishioners, and that his church is as well, if indee. not better, attended now as during his first year here. For some little time subscriptions, have been received from members of the congregation to procure something to present the Archdeacon with to mark the occasion, and this took the form of a burnished brass alka cross, and which was presented before the morn ing ,ervice by -Mr. WV. H. Rose on behalf of the churchwardens at the vestry. Archdeacon Allnutt thanked those present, and all who had sub scribed for their kind act, and said as soon as the proper permission had been secured he would place the cross on the, chltar tab e in the chancel of the church. The attendance at St. Stephen's yesterday morning was particulary large, and this must in some measure be set down to the an niversary alluded to. The seivice was full chart I, and it was evident the members of the surpliced choir realised the special opportunity for a particularly bright service, as they attended in full numbers, and we question if more pleas ing singing (although we have heard the parts oetter bdlanced) has been heard within the walls of this pretty place of worship. The choir and Min isters walked to their seats singing that well known hymn " The Church's one Foundation," the congregation heartily assistfng. The ordinary morning service then began, Archdeacon Allnutt being assisted by Archdeacon Cooper. The canticles and psalms were sung in a manner that must have struck the regular attender as possessing far more spirit than usual For year. the singing of all save the hymns has been rather on the slow and dirgeful side, but yes terday it was pleasingly the reverse, being particularly bright and cheerful. The anthem was also a most pleasing effort, Miss A. Bennett being entrusted with the solo. The Ven. Archdeacon Cooper occu pied the pulpit, taking for his subject NEHEtIAH XI, VIII. - "Accoroing to the good hand of my God upon me.;' The Preacher then said He greatly rejoiced in being permit ted to take part in that day's celebra tion, and to join with them in offering most hearty congratulalions to him, wh, for a quartet of a century had ministered to them in holy things. It was a great privilege thus to minister to a who e generation. Some of them could look back to the beginning, and then en through cloud and sunshine, prosperity and adversity, joy .and sor row to that day. Their pastor had been intimately connected with them in many distinctive crisis of their lives. " The babe, the bride, the quiet dead," had claimed his tenderness and drawn forth his sympathy. Many had been received by him into Christ's Holy Church at tha font then in ydader bap tistry; many in that sacred rite, little less than a sacrament, but by some lightly esteemed, had through him re ceived the Church's benediction on holy matrimony; and in how many homes had he knelt beside the shrouded dead, and as he prayed for the mo.rners they felt that in him they had one whose heart was as their heart, who truly sympathised with them and could really held them. And for 25 years this affectionate, faithful work had been done. But if he knew. anything of the mind of ther vicar the uppermost thought with him was "Not unto us, O Lord, not 'nto us, but unto Thy name be all the pt aise," and if he were reminded of wh.At he had been enabled to do for any of th em he would say in the words of the te.'( " It was according to the go:d hand of my God upon me." And so it was; for as the hand was the executive agent, so by it, in reference to God, they understood the Holy Spirit. Most appropriately -that day was St. John Baptist's Day, the messerger who ent before the face of the Lord to pre are the way before Him; and of him taey read in the gospel that " the hand of the Lord was with him," or as it was expressed earlier in the same chapter, he was "filled with the IHoly Spirit." And by that hand "( Amid the tr-ae and s:ert And keen t al-:tes of tes:ing ltfe The boy was roujted toto tuI-orbedr- man And filued for hi. Lxctit"." Refere.uce was then made to the care of Nehemiab, and it was pointed out that as n man ef prayer he had the faith which ever recognised God's hand and the lo;e which delighted to trace it in aI the manifold intricacies of life. Such was their pastor, and from being much in commutlion with God, he had learn to know Him well, arCd thius to discern His hand in hundreds of instances during his "25 years work. A minister ould be powerless bu: for the good hand of God. It was God that worked in thein both to will and to do of His good pleasure. They remem bered how the hand of the Lord wa upon Elijah when he ran bdcrre Ahab to Jezreel. There i: included both Divine impulse and supernatural strength. An illustration of many of the things done ,by prophl S and saint in every age. - They were ltoded of God to attempt great thi:gs and helped of God to achieve them. .'hat could t;ey not dc when God'- hand had been 'aid upon their hearts quickeping and intaiming them? T'hat ga've ; o a minister the consciousness of his nis: -ion, by that hIe felt the near2etss of God, and so could do all things in Christ whu strengthened hin. The laying on of Lands. in ordination was in truth the outwsrd and visible sign of ant inward spiritual grace, and a poor ,veLk, frail, man- verily an earthen vessel-felt that there was compitted to him a precious treasure for the good of hts fellow men, and so with holy bold ness vet deep humility he went forth thus ordained and commissioned to do and dare anything for his Master. In .other ways, too, the hand of the Lord had been with them during the period under review. They read in 2nd Chron.. xxx ch., of liezakiah's patssJver nl that the han,! .. (:? , t..,'it'- the to give them ou ..... . o:....nd. mcnt of the King; unity rteulted. "He maketh men to be of one mind in a house," in a Church, in a State. " Be hold how good and pleasant a thing it ;s brethren to dwell together in unity," " The multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul" be cause they were filled with the I oly Ghost. One heart to keep the pass over! Oh for God's hand with them to give them one heart to keep the feast to .hich that morning they were invited. Who could doubt th t God's Spirit had been the bond of unity between the pastor and people and the people cne with another. And future prosperity would hinge on this the indwelling of Elim who was the author of peace and lover of concord. Once more they read (Acts x, 2at), of the scattered disciples preaching, and the hand of the Lord was with them, and as a result, a great number believed and turned to the Lord. There was the grand secret of ministerial success. The presence and power of God. They saw this notably in St.-John Baptist to whom in con clusion they would revert. Men saw that God's hand was with him, hence his courage in boldly r-buking vice through it reigned in a K:ig's palace. Hence his zeal, his earnestness; he had grown up with the coisciousnest that God's hand was with him, and that impelled him to action and made him instant in his work. Hence too his humility ; He was but the voice crying in thb wilderness, "Prep..re ye the way of the Lord." " Who art Thou ?" T!e messengers from the Pharisies asked. He could have given a good account of himself; heir of a priestly line, his nativity heralded by an angel, filled with the Spirit from his birth. But he was nothing compared with Christ, his thoughts centred in Christ, and in Him his own personality was lost. As he said later " He must increase, I must decrease." What a oattern for preachers ! To paint the Christ and hold up the canvas that he should be vividly brought before mi.n, and in such a manner that not a little finger of self could be seen. They had heard of the artist whto painted the " Last Supper," and called in his friends to see the work, inviting their opinion as to what was most striking and attractive in the picture. With one consent they agreed that it was the chalice in the hand of Jesus--the precious metal, richly chased, seemed to gleam and the jewels to flash forth their rays. The artist with much disappointmect took his brush and painted out the chalice, desiring that. nothing should draw off attention from the lace of the Christ. Fearlessly he asked them if the aim of their pastor had not been akin to this. With him Christ had been all in all. Some of them called that day ' Violet Sunday," and year by year for the whole of the 25\. upon the Holy Table had been placed a profusion of that sweet, humble, rrodest flower, which not un fittingly stood as an emblem of him whom that day they honoured. Ihe violet did not flaunt itself before men to attract attention, but almost hidden from view it made its influence felt by the perfume it exhaled, that day they wove a chaplet, perfumed with the incense of a 25 years ministry in the sanctuary, and pl tced it lovingly upon their pastors' brow, but they knew what he would do with it; he would cast it at the feet of Him who loved us, and washed us from our sins in His own blood and made us kings and priests unto our God foi ever." An addition to the occasion will be the laying of the foundation stone of the Perry Memorial Cottages by the Bishop of Ballarat to-morrow at 3.30. A service will be held in St. Stephen's Church at night, commencing at 7.30, when His Lordship will also deliver an address. After this Archdeacon Allnutt will entertain a number of his pirishoner's at St. Stephen's H,11l and on the follow i'g evening the children will be wel comed at a tea to be followed by a lantern entertainment. 