ARCHDEACON ALLNUTT'S ANNIVERSARY- (from our owe correspondent.) Portland, June 27. The celebration jn connection with toe 25th anniversary of the Yes. Archdeacon Allnutt's aharge of this purish were continued yesterday. At 3.20 p-rn. a large number of people awembled at toe rite of the structure bong erected as a Clergy Best, for the purpose of witnessing toe ceremony of laying rim foundation stone. The Bishop, of Baliaret performed the ceremony. The stone mi fashioned and lettered in the yards of Messrs. Coulter end Howell, of Portland and Hamilton. After religioua exercises by t ho clergy present (the Bishop and toe Vena Arobdeaooia. Cooper and Allnu't) Hi. Lordship was presented fay Mr. W. H. Rose, one of toe church w.cdeus, into a silver trowel, and the stone was soon " well and truly laid," tbe Bishop concluding the operation with the following words "In toe faith of Christ and with prayer for the bleiiing of God.1 hereby lsythefounda'ionforaGJcigy Beatirrtbediocaee of Ball. rax, jn toe name of . (he Esther; toe Son, and toe Holy Ghost." : Afaymn and prayer concluded the ceremony on the ground, toe weather being unfavourable to out-of-door speakidg. Under the stone was placed a bottle containing the' undermentioned record, besides current issnes of the local puiere " This memorial stone of a Clergy Rest for the diooese of Ballarat was laid 00 Tuesday, 26th June, 1894\. by Samuel Thornton, D.D.. first-Bishop : of Ballarat, in tue presence of iieory rKiwara Cooper, ALA., Archdeacon of Hamilton and the Wimmera, mod, a large assemblage of inhabitants of the town and district, including toe Vicar, toe Yen. John Charles Parratt Alloutt, sod Mr. William Hay Bose,maoager of toe Union Bulk, Porttind, by whose exertions, wito toe assistance of chuirii peiqdB and others throughout toe colony, the building has been erected to the glory of God, and In loving memoir of tbe late Ob&ries; Peny.D.D., first Bishop of Melboarne, toe -Bsri of -Hcpetean: being Gorenuw of -"he oolonr. George Henry Jlallot, Mayor ' of toe town, and William Hay Rose, Wm. Hahloa, and Jss. Lowe, churchwarden of SL Stephen's." In toeovening seversl hundred gnests attended at toe sehoolrocnn at toe invitatom .of ihe Arriidesoon. ' Tour own- ' was riot mdnded in toe invitation, bnt lam told that the Arch- deactoiMsmade toe reriineDt of a very temd- aonwi fllnminsVnd — J Allnutt re- caved a soBosxir in the form of aaetiof Silver: knives and forts, end DOStly,-«dlvcr cross w«s alMjmrentedtetimohurtottoeAreh- deaoousAamemorisl ofthepoostom. .The pro- oeediis lasted nntil a lste hour, and were, !; bciigTB, very mijoyable. . ," . 