TOPICS«r TM£ WEEK ] With the present elections Victoria is j taking a new depaiitne. A new class of can J didates has appeared, * new Ixxiy of opinions ] is taking eitape and claiming to he beferd. This is the first time since 1856, ifhec re sponsible government w«s introduced, that there has been such a spontaneous smirching out of youne men. Hitherto it appeared as if the constituencies belonged of right to old and weather-beaten politicians,and as ifit were presumption on the part of fresh blood to offer j itself. A new generation has awakened to life. We are going to drop all the old stagers who can be decently got rid of (a few most be tolerated as Greenwich pensioners), and dis card the tattered programmes which have done duty so long. The electors of 1894 are inquiring into the meaning of the symbols which were invented by previous generations. Twenty years ago protection was a term oppable of unlimited extension, and as late as four and five years ago we had the Mangers and Trenwiths boldly Baying we shonld be taken on to prohibition. At the general election of 1894 the new voters stagger the prohibition party by searching into the facta for themselves, and declining to be snared with catch words. The feeling is widespread that we must go back as speedily as possible to25 percent., to give industry a chance to breathe; and whether the men declaring for 25 per cent-, are in earnest or humbug ging, thiB the Philistines now understand, that the day is gone by for ever for asking tor increased protection. Industries that desire to get on must get on, as farming has to get on, by each man putting forward his best skill. The people, and especially such as have just arrived at the active and vigorous stage of life, are coining out of the social and financial depression with their wits sharpened and their resolves clear. The new generation means business. This is the most promising state of affairs which has been seen lor 30 years. The colony of \ ic toria, which began with such magnificent energy, before the days when there was any talk of tariffs, or artificial and legislative substitutes for push and go, is taking on a new birth. We are going to begin afresh, and to begin, as far as possible, with men who can show a clean sheet Members of the past, who thought they owned their constituencies, ate surprised to find the animal they were sitting upon had got tired of standing still. Mr. Deakin, who in the dilletanti way of a man of fashion and grace in politics, thought of staying in Parliament to talk federation, now discovers that Essendon wants to be represented by a member who is alive on each and all the topics of the day. He has become so refined that he touches most questions with the tips of his fingers, and his memory of recent events is so elegantly vague that he has for gotten how he voted for a 50 per cent, duty only two years ago, which is very unlike the intense and forcible Mr. Deakin, of Gillies, Deakin, and Co. Limited, wiio went into liquidation in 1S1I1. Mr. Turner, upon whom Fate, in one of itB ironical moods, has cast the responsibility of leading the Opposition, finds himself sur rounded by the difficulties which come home to a man who makes himself the mouthpiece • of other people's views instead of his own. The clever and the unscrupulous members of the medley party he has taken charge of are misusing the modesty which they should envy, admire, and cherish for its rarity. It is Mr. Turner's misery to disbelieve in high duties, and yet to have to announce that the tariff shall not be touched for the present. With Mr. Turner, in his first address, the first work of the new Parliament was to be the raising of half a million by taxation before easing the Customs duties, which compel the public to pay 50 per cent, taxes to the factories instead of 25 per cent, taxes to the State. But Mr. Turner now says that he never proposed new taxation, and seems to have forgotten the fine scheme he drew up for making every adult man and woman in the colony prepare a balance-sheet to let the Treasurer see what lie or she had to spare for the Government. The ! real opinions of Mr. Turner have to be ! got at like the ruins of buried cities—by J digging and carting away rubbish. The i pressure of the contest in St. Hilda is | obliging liim to shift and turn, and take back I items of policy which do not go down. All the opinioiis on top seem to belong to people who are making use of him as a mouthpiece. His own are gradually coming to light. We now hear, two years after date, that when Commissioner of Customs he disapproved of the lift given to the tariff in 1892 by the Shiels Government, and voted for the 50 per cent, rate with a secret dislike j to it. " When I bow myself in the house of Rimmon," said the half-con verted Naaman to Elisha,'* let the Lord pardon this thing." Mr. Turner disbelieves in the worship of the idol, but it is not yet convenient to leave off pretending to adore. His last announce ment about the tariff is that excessive duties should l>e reduced to a reasonable amount, and where they have failed to protect and become merely revenue taxes they should he removed—an equivocal proposition which can hereafter be made to suit whichever view conies out uppermost in the elections. Good a man as Mr. Turner is in many ways, the electors should consider it dangerous to put confidence in one who confesses to be ao facile in giving np his own opinions to carry j out the opinions of unprincipled men whom | he holds to be wrong. A virtuous gentleman sinning against hts will and judgment ought hardly to be offered to the public of Victoria as a model representative. When an old campaigner like Colonel Smith, who in his time has voted for Cus toms duties as high as they could be made, says in these days that as " a patriot he can see clearly some mo&floattbfitithe; tariff fa necessary," sncb a sign of the times » too j important to be overlooked. Mr. Murray. Smith has affirmed at Hawthorn that no, procedure ia so contemptible in politics as the worship of the jumping cat. The cat is . jumping towards lower duties, or the can- ( didates from Colonel Smith to Mr. Year, in Monday's list, and almost every candidate in j my day's list, would not be shouting mode-; -ation in chorus. The colonel would have . no hesitation in voting for 100 per cent, j duties if feeling were running that way. Mr. j Kidd, in Social E rotation, the most remark-. able l>ook of the day, contrasting the end ■ of the nineteenth with the end of the j eighteenth century, says" Only one hun dred years ago nations and communities were ib distant from each other in time as they were at tbeChristian era. Since then the ends of the world have been drawn together, and j civilised society is becoming one vast highly-; organised and interdependent whole the; •rants and requirements of every part re-, gnlated by economic laws bewildering in ■ their intricacy—with a nervous system of ; five million miles of telegraph wire, and an s arterial system of railways and ocean steam-, si lips along which the currents of trade and ; population flow with a rapidity and re-j guiarity prev iously nnimapined. If the , condition of tilings thus described ia pro-; gress and the analogy is correct, how mis-, taken we have been in supposing that the, •ray to promote progress tsere at the ex-; tremities was to tie tight bandages across; the limbs to check the flow of arterial blood ! bitherwanL We have gone in for developing ; the nerves,and pinched lack the blood-vesselsj A commerce. And we have began to see j the fo'ly we have perpetrated since the j farmers and graziers have discovered that j for their purposes, at any rate, the flow must i be tree and open. W e have been withstand- j ing progress, and cutting ourselves off from j the active forces of the world, only to find j that we have thereby arrived at stagnation. It is comforting to see from the superficial arguments of opportunist politicians, which with them are more telling than sound arguments, ihat the public demand is for a loosening of the ligatures. It was ever right and proper that we should give encou ragement to manufacturing. We cannot have too great variety of occupation for the people, and the woollen mills Colonel Smith puts in a saving word for deserve aid as reasonably as buttermaking. The national error has been in the first place in condemn ing trade, as if trade were an evil thing, in stead of the healthiest and most enterprising of all callings; in the second place, in using compulsion to force all classes to sup port industries which did not naturally com mend themselves to public attention. The compulsion raised prejudices in the minds of the perrons who saw the unfairness of it, and it was evaded at every turn by the Very classes who had resolved it to be good. None have given so little support to local industry by their purchases as the Trades-hall classes. Hence it has come to pass that in New Zealand, where duties are moderate, the people are proud of their woollen mills, and give the preference to local tweeds, while in Victoria the woollen milis place their tweeds on the market by stealth, so that people never know what they are buying, and clothing has become so dear that, in these times, the tailor's shop is a place to be avoided. They seem to have been marvellously ingenious men, the directors of the Mercantile Finance and Agency Company, which, now that it is in liquidation, owes £750,000, and pays a first dividend of Is. in the £. Mr. Bent, who poses as an injured innocent, says that some oi his financial associates ought to be on the roads, but Colonel Templeton, who can have no dislike to prosecuting, testifies that everything done was legally done. The amount the company lost through the specu lations of Mr. Bent was trifling—whether £60,000 or £130,000 the report leaves in doubt —and itwaslost inan ordinary cominon-plaee way, in advances on land bought and not paid for, which failed to sell. But for Mr. Bent's say ing that he joined in one of the speculations when too ill to know what he was doing, and denying that he ever signed promissory notes (his solicitor's • receipts for the retnm of £100,000 worth of paper have been produced), his connection with the company wonid not be remarkable. The genios of the combination was Mr. B. J. Fink, who failed for a million or two, paid a halfpenny in the £, and departed to frtsh woods and pastures new. We now know uby the shares ran up so high, and were in such eager request. Much of the buying and selling was done by clerks in the office. A great stroke was' putting 100,000 new shares on the market, when the excitement was at its height^&t; £6 5s. premium, and treating the £750,000 supposed to be received as solid gold. Some of the largest shareholders ob tained from the company the "money" they required to pay the premiums on the qupta of shares they had to take up, ao that the company by book entries virtu ally paid the premium to itself. The com pany never got over that stroke of financing. Word went round that the call made on the big shareholders had crippled them, and no one after that was eager to buy Mercantile shares. It was not known that the company was paying up for the big shareholders, but it was suspected that the premiums were in part bogus. A gigantic operation was the floating of the G. W. Taylor company, to take off the hfindp of that suburban magnate £3,306,000 worth of land. It bad as long a title and as many names as are given to a royal prince at a christening. To make sure that the venture should go off, eight big men "underwrote" the first issue of 500,000 shares—i'-e.. guaranteed that they should be taken up. Four of them were directors of the Mercantile Finance Company. The Mercantile not only pnt the speculation on the li wift but underwrote the under wiftrutk lbs simple public was o»1* nan tared to the extent of applications for 50,000 shares, so the underwriters had to take op 437,300, and the Mercantile Ftnatroe Company {four of whose directors were underwriters} had to find die £437,500 the underwriters were called upon to pot down as share money. The " G. W. Taylor" company necessarily failed to go off, even with such hacking, and the amount the Finance Com pany lost by it was £360,000 in advances and £300,COO of the underwriting money. There was nothing illegal in this—it was only gambling on the grand scale, by a select body of speculators, with the beans of cash which confiding shareholders and depositors had placed in their hands to gamble with. Of the variety of operations commented □pon by the official liquidator in his report on the doings of the Mercantile Finance and Agency Company the most interesting was the formation of the Debenture Corpora tion. No one could have surmised from the articles of association what the corporation was for. It appeared as if it were going to be a great debenture and scrip buying concern. It claimed all finance as a field for its energy. M e do not remember now whether its pro spectus was put on the market, " for public information only, the whole of the shares having already been applied for," or whether it was born, nursed, and weaned in pri vate. There were but five shareholders Mr. B. J. Fink, Mr. Hoa'den fmanag ing director of the M. F. and A. Co.), and three gentlemen whose holdings were small, and whose names are not famous. Mr. Fink held 5,000 "paid-up" shares and 50 callable shares; Mr. Howden 5.000 " paid-up" shares and 50 callable shares ; X, 1, and Z held 70 callable shares. When inventive minds originate a good idea and it is embodied in the prospectus of a company, the reward they receive is in paid up shares. Messrs. Fink and Howdeu evidently valued the idea represented by the Debenture Corporation high. And what did it do* It relieved Messrs. Fink and Howden of liabilities they owed to the M. F. and A. Co., and the M. F. and A. Co. (of which they were directors) consented to substitute "Debenture Corporation" for the names of Messrs. Fink and Howden in its books. This followed, that should Messrs. Fink and Howden be at any time unable to make good the advances they had received, the utmost the M. F. and A. Co. would be able to recover would be what they were liable for on the 50 shares they each held in the Debenture Corporation. If they were £100 shares the limit of liability for each would be £5,000 : and if £10 shares the limit would only be £500. Not only was the Debenture Corporation good for the advances which Messrs. Fink and Howden had received from the M. F. and A. Com pany ; it was also good for the calls payable by them on the shares they held in M. F. and A. Company. These shares were no doubt put down among the assets of the corpora | tion when it was founded, but after the | failure of the M. F. and A. Company they became liabilities. The official liquidator of the M. F. and A. Company does not say how much the Debenture Corporation owes in calls on the shares held by Messrs. Fink and Howden in the M. F. and A. Company, but the loss on advances is £302,182; and as Mr. Fink lavished but £d. in the £ on his creditors, it can be concluded that the bagful of such small deer received from him by the liquidatorof the Debenture Corporation in respect to his 50 shares and passed on to Colonel Templeton, of the M. F. and A. Company, must have been small enough to go in the waistcoat pocket Truly magnificent was the ingenuity which arose and flourished in Melbourne during the boom, and the pily is that, through the boom ing being utterly overdone, all the potential millionairescame togrief, each dragging down with him as many souls and sovereigns as perished in the wreck of the Royal Charter. And among the boomers was one who had risen from the lowest clerkship in a ware house to owning warehouses and factories in town, and stations in the country, and who had acquired the right to draw cheques almost ad lib. on the proudest Aus tralian banks. How comfortably the mighty fell, and how briskly they rose again out of the mud; how hopeless, now, henceforth, and forever, the plight of the small fry who took part in games which only the mighty knew how to play. The bill for the " preservation of the pease in the disturbed districts" of Queensland is a pretty stringent measure, and already the politicians opposing it in Brisbane moke capital out of the fact that its provisions- have been copied from the Crimes Act passed by the Imperial Parlia ment to . put an end to man-shooting in Ireland. Sir Charles Lilley denounces "coercion"as it would be denounced by M'Carthyite and Redmond, and states that the existing laws are sufficient This is also what Mr. Glassey said in the Legislative As sembly the night-the bill was introduced. If you pan a bill to coerce us," threatened Mr. Glassey, "yon will but teach us how to use coercion when we get power." Yet there is not very much in the bill for peace-loving citizens to object to. It forbids the carrying of arms in districts which are proclaimed disturbed. It gives authority to specially appointed magistrates to hold inquiries, wherever they deem inquiry necessary, and compel witnesses to answer every question' put to tbem. No witness will be allowed to claim the usual privilege, "I 6m not bound ! to criminate myselfbut, on the other band his answer will be "privileged," and no use ! mny be made of it against bim unless he' commits perjury, a third set of provisions ' Banctionsthearrest and detention of suspected' persons without the bringing of them to trial,' They may be held in custody nnder a pro visional warrant for 30 days, and nnder a special one for six months. This is aj " locking-np" proposal—a means of tem-1 oorarily DUtting dangerous persons in a safe I ! place. The Governor in Council is P,fn ' power to set snsDecte at liberty at any ? moment In a country like Russia such a ! law might be administered with great hars - iness, but under responsible government ■ where very little suffices to lose a Ministry i ! popularity, the measure would be very fgingerly applied; and, therefore, no great | risk will be run, under present circumstances, ! in passing it Special legislation is decidedly [ necessary. Were the Diamantina district in which the Ayrshire Downs and Dagworth i sheds have been wantonly and mischievously (set fire to, as populous as the surroundings of Brisbane and Ipswich, or as close to police headquarters as Darling Downs stations, o course the ordinary laws would suffice, on out west the only inhabitants are station hands, the proprietors of wayside shanties, and the mobs occupying union camps, who shift from spot to spot like Bashi-barouks. The loneliness of these far-out districts, an the impossibility of placing police every where, are two sufficient reasons for bringing in a bill to preserve the peace where bush unionism is resolved to enjoy the sport o attacking stations by night and setting fire to the woolsheds. , After the present trouble with the union j shearers is over the pastoral is ts should take an early opportunity of conferring on the j important questions involved. The situation has arisen out of circumstances which the pastoral: interest has itself created and long found convenient. We have to look a good deal further back than the 1894 agreement, and the refusal of a conference which has been made the pretext for strife which would have come anyhow. It has suited station proprietors since sheepbreeding began in Australia to depend on visiting labour labour offering itself at the station when 1 wanted. To foster a class of peripatetic workmen, the practice arose of giving I every passing wayfarer free rations, j" Snndowning" and tramping, which have arisen out of free rations, have become so general that thousands of able- bodied men must -now be spending the whole year round 1 in walking to and fro on the surface of the ground in pastoral Australia, getting most of their rations on the cheap, and only doing odd jobs when they wish to earn a little cash. There are shearers of two kinds—there is the selector or selector's son who leaves home at shearing time to take engagements at a few sheds, make np a good cheque, and return to his own work. With such a man time is money. Strikes are a nuisance to him and unionism an evil he pnts up with because it I is cheaper to pay blackmail to union agents than to fight the union and be black-listed. I There is, on the other hand, the professional shearer, who, like the rouseabont, is a species of wanderer—a man with no perma I nent home and no other distinct calling. I He seldom saves, he does not want to settle j down, at present he lives much in the open^ he trudges over an immense deal of 1 country, and be listens with a greedy ear to j union agents who tell him that there should be a general distribution of property. The j wanderers of the busb, bo long running free, 1 have been claimed, mustered, and yarded, like unbranded cattle, by the propagandists of socialism, who know full well the value of the force residing in men in the mass. Unionism has organised the bush workmen into a gigantic league, which, if it were as intelligent as it is numerous, had definite practicable aims, and were led by capable men, might exircise prodigious inlluenoe. The self-seeking of its leaders, and the balderdash talked by all, cause the league to be comparatively harmless except when it gives way to the spirit of destruction. Whatever the union desires to do it can do without help—numbers, audacity, and its deafness to the still Bmall voice of con science give it all the strength it thinks it needs. On the other hand, the pastoralists and the unenrolled workmen, whom unionism disgusts, are helpless without the support of the police. In Queensland, where there is a Government determined to preserve order, the situation is not alarming, but in New South Wales the Reid Ministry is not stirring itself more than it ia obliged to, thongh make-believing to be very earnest (very different was the course of affairs under the Dibl>9 Ministry), and the time may come at any moment when a Ministry shall enter office wilting to give turbulent unionists a free hand from a pare love of mischief. Inj these circumstances the pastoralist interest; should see the expediency of reviewing the whole situation, and weighing, among other things, the desirability of getting its shew ing done by contractors. It will delay the solution of the problem to assume that the professional shearer of to-day, with bis dis turbances, his trouble-m&kiug;, and bis disre gard for the interest on which his living depends, is a monstrosity or freak of natnre. He has been born out of the shearing circum stances of 30 years past, and others besides Mr. Spence may claim a share in hiB parent age. '■ An exposition of astral philosophy, or the art of believing in what you imagine you see, is given in the nineteenth Ctnlvry by Mr. A. P. Sinnetb Mr. Sinnett's manner is quite scientific. He begins by supposing how new truths would be received in a world, which had no sense of colour, but saw things to be black or white. Were people to arise pos sessed of a colour sense, and begin to talk of blue, yellow, and red, would they not be scoffed at? The faitbfnl, to whom an unseen world has beoome visible, claim to be persona endowed ndth a special sense of sight. It is a clever illustration, but not a correct one. Oneness of origin—ft common parentage—is ttietonoh of nature wb'ioh makes the whole world kin. Though some may claim to be highly endowed, we nil of us have at least a trace of the gilt they possess in such abun dance. We ere none of as Beethovens, but we all of as hsve an ear of some kind for music. Therefore, unless we have to believe in special snd ynlreoulous creations, if soy of as can we the invisible (which comes near perpetrating a bull), all of as most have wine traces of the some power. A world in which some could distinguish colour, and the rest see only black and white, te impos sible, as we know existence. AVhen the keen-sighted began to talk of distinguishing green, blue, Ac., the people at large would soon get a glimmering of what they were driving at So when Mr. Sinnett expounds the astral science, which identifies itself with theosophy, he has but to set forth his facts, and, if they are facts, we shall ere long know as much about them as theosophisls do. But of hard facta they have few to offer. They deal mostly in beautiful assumptions which there is no bringing to the test. An in stance is the new way in which they account for ghosts baling clothes. In the years of our great-grandfathera-a time the Dean of Melbourne can remember— ghosts, when they had occasion to disturb the peace of mankind, used to come, in their night-gowns—a fashion of dress appropriate to time and plaoe. They usually appeared " at the midnight in the sileuce of the sleep time when you set your fancies free.' Ihe persons visited were then in bed. 1 hat was before the invention of pyjamas or the for mation of circles for calling np ghosts between tea-time and supper, as an amuse ment more entertaining than the theatre. Spirit mediums, who for propriety sake put the ghosts they have to produce into tailor made suits, meet the objections of the scepti cal by explaining that ghosts had acquired the art of wearing and sewing together the particles floating in the air. Hence the advisability of holding stance# in a dusty atmosphere and a dim light, giving the spirits plenty of time to dress, and not spoil ing tne delicate fabric by touching it with clumsy fingers. Theosophy and astral science have passed beyond that theory. Mr. Sinnett, in the Nineteenth Century tells us that the unseen world is filled with spiritual duplicates of everything solid on earth—ebop windows, paving stones, streets, the clothing we wear or keep in wardrobes, Ac. When a carpenter makes a box, bis astral duplicate makes an astral box of the same pattern. .Whether things astral once made endure for ever in their original shape or vary with their earthly model Mr. Sinnett does not yet seem to know. When the box made on earth gets mended does the astral facsimile take on a new patch? When the tangible box is broken up or burned what hapnens to the duplicate in the unseen worid? If no destruction or fading away takes place, the aBtral streets most seem a strange jumble of buildings, one upon top of another, where the corresponding thorough fare on earth has seen many pullings down and many buildings up. On the other hand, if the spirit substance fades out synchro nously with the earthly one, how are our ancestors in astral form off for clothes, seeing that what, they wore on earth have passed away ? What does an astral father do when the lost of bis breeches is cut down into knickerbockers tor liis living son? The question, from whatever point it be looked at, is lull of perplexities. If things astral change as things terrestrial change, the one sphere can be but a useless duplicate of the other, and nothing is gained by getting sight of unrealities which are but the spectral equivalent of the realities we live among and can handle without trouble. The XineUenth Century paper is a lair sample of the art of building castles in the air brought up to date—as fanciful, hut not so amusing, as Fielding's Journey from This World to the Next. Tyndall, in his Belfast address, speaks of the solving of the mystery of exis'ence as a task for the creative or inventive faculties of ■ the mind, and the tbeosopliists and astralists are taking him at his word. So far we have but been favoured with works of fiction, laid " Behind the Scenes in Nature," which is the title of Mr. Sinnett's article. The chief interest in Lord Salisbury's ad dress to the British Association at Oxford lies in his treatment of the great scientific question of the day—evolution and natural selection. It is decidedly disappointing, and seems to show that the eminent statesman has not given as much thought to the subject as he has done to other branches of science, such as chemiBtry and electricity, which he also treats of in his discourse. The funda mental weakness of his position is that he states what seem to him to be difficulties in the way of believing that evolution has been brought about by natural selection, and then argues as though he had disposed of the doctrine of organic evolution. Now it can not be too Bteongly insisted upon that the reasons for believing in the development theory are far stronger than those in fdvonr of natural selection. Long before Darwin pnt forward the hypothesis by which be is chiefly known, the belief in organic develop ment bad been steadily gaining ground among biologista, and the work done by Darwin in j putting it on a firm basis, irrespective of natural selection, is, perhaps, not less im portant than his services in drawing atten tion to that process as an actual cause of evolution. There is evidently a good deal of oonfnslon in the public mind just now on this subject Chiefly through the speculations of Weismann the recent discussions have mainly turned on the qnestion whether natural selection is the sole cause of develop ment or only one of (several causes,; and as Weismann'8 views are by no means uni versally accepted and ate. of ■ doubtful validity, it seems to be, thought that the uncertainty regarding then? extends also to the tpore general theotyof evolution. As a matter of fact, Weismann and his followers and opponents all alike accept development as an established theory, the discussion among them-simply being as to how it was brought about. LordSaliabury qnoted Weis mann on the difficulty of demonstrating natural selection or even ideally imagining the process in detail, and amused Ins' audience by pointing out the olatacles in the way of ah advantageously varied bride groom at one end of the wood meeting a similarly advantageously varied bnde at the other end. Such an argument, no doubt, opoeals strongly to the non-scieittific mind, but no bioiogist will regard it seriously. He also referred to the calculations of Lord Kelvin and other eminent scientists as to tiie age of the earth as a barrier in tbe way of evolutionists, who are suppose^ to make an almost unlimited draft npon the bank of time; bnt be overlooks tbe fact tliiat these speculations tell almost equally against the accepted views of geologists, who also re quire an enormous time for the deposition of the sedimentary rocks. The evolutionist, of course, recognises that whatever may be the age of the earth as a habitable globe, the de velopment of lite must tiAve taken place within that time, whether it ahonld ulti mately be proved to be 100,000,000 yeans, as allowed by Lord Kelvin, or Professor Tait's shorter allowance of 10,000,000 years, and until the physicists can agree a little more closely as to their estimates he need not trouble himself abont tbe matter. It is to be regretted that Lord Salisbury has not con tributed anything new to the controversy, and still more that he should have shown such an insufficient understanding of his subject. Biologists may not much concern themselves with the views of the president of the British Association ; but it iB probable that the great majority of people will attri bute more importance to the utterances of such a prominent and distinguished public man than they are really ehtitled to. 