(By 'Not Out.') England vorsua Australia noxt Friday I ; TW) words rooall to us ull BOrts of ploasant memories, but tbo pro-ominont reoollootions , to ^ustraliana, and to Sydnoy peoplo iu par ticular, are asaoaiatod with that greatost of Bi-iot toat inatohoB whoroin Lord Shoflleld'a tuaui jiuu to aoKnuwioogo ueioat. xiuw uiauy 'tfimesbavoweall lived through the gamo siuoe ^he momorablo day of victory P But that I grand -imtch is oast into tho shade just now 1 in tho liirht of tho approaohing buttle against a tonm that bills fair to surpass oven ' Sbofflold'a sploudid combination. Wo aro not , doatined to witness a ropiitition of tho gallant recovory by thu heroes of that umtoh— Lyons and Bounormau. One of those men, it is truo, is still ready to light, but hiB smaller help mate will bo among tho onlookers, and yet All ok Uaiinermiui just now v& aluioat as good a oriokiotor as ho ever wan. liut this is an un pleasant train of thought, and aa I am over ,r«ady to boliave in tho truth of the Baying that t'juro am juat us good flub in tho sea as ?jhavo been caught, I have hopes ttmt wo inay ?}-ot «oo something of a similarly brilliant .natr.ro douo by tho mon aolooted to outer the ,arwm for tho land of thoir birth. The English rJn«ohaTO provud in no uncurtain way that they Wib Tory formidable lot of batsmen and a ?tjronirtoaui all round. Sinco their arrival in ?^lUstralui thoy huvo improved with oaoh suc 'ooedlnK niatoli, and although South Australia did lower their pennant at tho onset, I do not think tho wlioatfielders aro oapablo of repeat ing t'ne porformauoo juat now. Prior to tho polec'tion of tho team to reproaont tho colonies, piOAJj poople hold tenaoiously to the opinion that, England would bo beaten, with somo thij.u taugiblo to spafo. Now, howofor, that thv, names of tbo inou are known, that feeling »f security has partly if not wholly vanished, MHiatcd in Us flight no doubt by tho grand exploits of tbo Euglishman at Brisbane. For Wiy own part I barely see why opinions should rjhange ao much with such little oauso. Tho men who have solooted tho ' team are ox porienued players, and although overy man xnay bavohis own opinion, wo can acoopt it as Australia's greatest strength no olovon would, for tbo reason that tho opinions of no two oricketura aro alike. Thoro aro Tery few in Now Sooth Wales who favor Graham's inolu arion, arguing, too, with a irood doal of uppa ikOnt fo'reo, that many other players havo dono incomparably better than ho. But then doduc tions of this kind, in so far as oriokot is con certed, we aro told, aro not worth much. Harm,; proved himself a line batsman, it inuy bo Graham's turn to shine on this oucu yio/i, and if so tho Bolootors will have their jwlgomoiit proved sound. But if ho faUa, wAiat then? k Tho team nppoars to mo to bo weak in bowl ing— neakor in this respooc than thoir oppo nents. George Giffon, Turner, and C. M'Leod, ?with fine n-oatlwr throughout, will probably be found by no means too difficult. The oham pion of South Australia is in grand fottle, but lio may lind it less easy to dislodge the batB he is a master hand at artifice, ospocially if Sydney wiokot is jast as truo as that at Ade laide, it does not bolp tho ball from the pitch bo infich, nud for this reason ho may not Achieve tbo success he is so accustomod to. And for tho name reason tho younger M'Lood may not do much dainago. I havo all along thought that Coninghatn, if in form, should be fioc.ordod a place, and now that hrt has por /oi.-mod well with both bat and ball at Bris tfsaorved. Uo ban tbo advantage of being a /.eft-band bowlor— a useful man on a sido. Aftor all, bowovor, tbo players aboson aro men of good repute, and proceeding to critioiso tho team you might wiud np by piok ing another eleven almost as good, such as the following:— Moses, Bannerman, Kelly, Don nau, Howoll, Bruce, Trumble, Harry, K. M'Lood, M'Donnoll and Coningbam. Let ua hope that tho weuihor whioh, sinco the En? liahmon loft Sydney, has beon topsy. turvy, will bo all that wo might desiro. 'I'heu we may rely upon witnessing a splen did gamo, between touma that appear to bo Very well matched. Australia, to my /.nind, has tbo stronger batting Bido, both txiilij; poworful, and England hot, a shade the stronger bowling, uoither, however, being ?xtra strong. As I am now writing, tbo warm woather seems to hnvo roturned, and if it bo xiot displaced again by cool air following thnndsr, tho fielding of tho teams will pro bably play an important part in the result of the raatoh. It will not do to give lives to )»tiimon like Stoddart and Brown, as in tho ►?cent Now South Wales match. Taking one conaideration with another, it ought to be a Brand gamo, and, not likingourboivling, I am Wightly inclined to tho chances of tho pngliahmon. The average of tho mem bers of both combinations to I dato are -ppendod : — BATTING AVERAGES. ENGLISH. ' Name. Ix. S0I1.S Hu.ib Avkk. A.C.;jI'Laron ? 5 2 228 343 1W.33 A. E. Stoddart ... 6 ,0 140 «8 73.33 I- T. Brown ? 6 0 117 Sit (B.0O fc. Vi. Gay ? 6 3 39* 116 33.60 A- Ward ... ... 7 0 107 221 31.M W.. BrsokTiBll „, ... 6 0 81 188 31.33 H-. PuHlnion ? 3 0 59 75 25.(10 !'.«. J.Ford ... ... 5 0 66 122 iM.*0 »- Pool ? ... 6 0 C5 ISO 23.1K 7.V. H. Lockwood ... 4 0 38 8« 23.00 'J. Bri|0J« ? 6 0 4S 118 19.C5 T. aicliard»on ? 5 2 15' 20 0.68 ?W. A. Hnmplirays ... 5 1 18'| 13 6.75 ATJSTKALIANS. ' Htua. In. NO H. S. Bo»a. Arts. B. Olffen ... ... 3 2 W 216 216.00 J. Darllnsr ... ... 8 1 117 200 100.00 P. A. Iredulo ? 2 0 133 1X1 G6..ri0 P.E.OroKOrj ... ... 2 0 87 93 46.50 f .CBcediniin ? 4 1 S3 131 43.IKJ ?J. BlaoVham ? 4 2 35- 7il 38.50 M. Trott ... ... 4 0 63 115 28.75 J. J. l,jons ? 4 1 32 82 27.S3 C. M'Lood ? 4 1 25 72 24.00 E. Jones ? 2 0 Sfl 26 13.00 JB. Graham ? 4 0 29 37 9.25 p. T.B.Tnrnar ...[ a 0 12 111 tl.W) BOWLING AVERAGES. KNOLISU. I JSi.u*. I U. j M. I H. W; Av^ It. F««l ? 211 C8 437 25 17.48 T. njchardaon ... 121 2rf 321 14 2.VJS J. BriKBB ? 14.1 Xi 8631 15 24.20 W.H. Lockwood... 114 30 305 0 33.77 . W. Brockwoll ... 28 5 50 1 50.00 W^HomphrayB 104 10 302 6 S0.33 AU8TRAI,1AN3. ?*~ Haxm. O. I M. I K. W. Avi» 3.3. Lyons ... 24 1 71 0 11.83 O. Oilten ? 135 .10 371 23 16.08 C. M'Lrod ? 145 54 254 10 25.40 3\. Trott ? ; .'.9 (1 2115 4 .M.2.1 C. T. It. Tnrnor ... 48 18 117 2 59.50 E, Jonea ? 70 11 251 4 63.50 II. E.Oroitory ... 3 0 3 0 — J. (J. Hocdiriim ...5 1 22 0 — Thfi method of Boleoting the Australian team ban boeu noveroly criticised on all Bides. Tho general publia though not acquainted with all tho fncta connected therewith is not slow to f-tim it np as a holo and corner Bulootion. UowftVtfr, if all tho circumatanoos woro made publio, whilo the 'holo and corner 'charactor night partially disapuoar, tho public would (till lie dissatisfied. It is ovidont that Giffnn and Blaakhnm picked tho team to suit their iduii b, anil aa things havo ?iuot) turned out, Turuor has aoqaloaood, though soolnd that the thing waa lettled by the other two, it was immaterial what his opinions might have been. The method whiou ponnitn two mem ber* to moot and porform tho buaiuose tbroo have boon ' appointed to execute is rotton, 1'urthor than thia, it is anything but oourteoua to tho third inomber, who should strongly resent auch a thing. It i- to bo hoped that evory mtmber of tho N.S.W.C.A. will sup port tho motion to be movod by Mr. Fortus, reaaindiug tho appointment of Mr.' Turuor, and providing that oaoh colony aball pick tho Australian team for the matohes to bo playod undor Its auapiuos. Thia will provo a muoh Bmoothor way to got the men together, and will, I tUiuk, tond'to flink all potty littlo joalousiei, and henuo to get Australia's proper roproBuntatiou. No valid objootiou to this aau be urged, sinoo it.wlll give to Victoria tho absoluto right to soloot its two teams, and to South Australia tho same power— a power whloh they ought to bo glad to aounro. It U worth noting that dooriio Giffon, in roply to a telegram sent him by Turuor, wired tlmt ha was in favor of Lyons, Kuodman, A. 11\. Jarvis, Darling, and himself from South Australia, and Trott and C. M'Lood from Viotoria. Thun in tbo faco of this GoorKe lots it go forth that ha and Blaokham were in favor of tho team now publiahod. It looks queer. Tho Intercolonial toam will loavo Sydney for Melbourne on Wednesday uoxt, undor the management of Mr. John PortHB. They aro to play against Victoria on the Molbourne Oriokot Ground on Docember 22, 21, 20 and 27, beginning ou tho first two dates at 2 p.m. On tho way to Adolaido tho toam will stop at Ballarat to meet the looul crickotorB, playing thorn on January 1 nnd 2, whioh should provide a dolightful break in the trip for the mon. Journeying on to Adolaide, they will moot South Australia on January 5, 7, 8 nnd 9. Tho toam is not ontiroly composed of tho tho olasa genora'lly designated ' old fellowa.' It will bo a slightly stronger all round team than that which met tho Englishmen, tho pro sonooof Ottinphin and MTherson strengthen ing tho batting. C. A. liiohardson was un ablo to get away, and Alick Bannorman de clined to play. Under all oiroumstanoos, the toam 18 a very good one. Victorian bowlers may lind some of tho youneer batsmen nbly ansisting Gregory, Irodale, Donnan and Calla way, as they possess plenty of frit. Tho want of a roally aonnd fiold in tho slipB may be foit, unless Iredalo, whom I haro soon snap up aouie smart catches, is triod there. Tho off side should bo very strong with Grogory and M'Phoraon thoro stationed. Tho bowling cannot be much improved upon in Sydney. I oipoot to aoe M'Kibbon bowl well ou tho wickot at Adolaide, whioh makos a good deal of pace from tbo pitch, and ho ought hIbo to bo more successful at Melbourne than here in Sydney, as tho wickot there makes more paco than ours. Tho toam, which will bo accompauied by Mr. E. J. Brincoe aa umpire, is a_ follows : Callawat, S. T. ' Kei.lt, .T. J. CuatPHiN, W. J. M'Phkrson, H. J. DONKAN, H. JI'KlBUEN, W. Gbeooky; S. E. Nkwbll, A. Howell, W. Turner, C. T. B. Ibedale, P. A. And an Emorp/onoy. In the event, of tbo now bowlers entirely failing in Molbourne, tho soleotors will do well to Bend for Hume, tho Rodfern bowlor, who lias, perhaps, achievod greater suocoBses than any other senior bowlor this year. In addition, he is a oapital batsman and good fiold. Indeed, wore it not that M'Kibbon's form at the nots giveB auch good promise, and also that ho wa-i indisposed during tho late English matoh, I should say that Hume was entitled to the plaao in proference to the Bathurat bowler. Sinco writing tho above, I learn that, absence, Alick Mackenzie has bad to with draw from tho toam for Melbourne and Ado laide. Thus the soleotors will have to pick another to take his place. I would snggest tho name of ErneBt Hume, of Redforn. who is not alone the best run-gutting batsman in his bowler in tho local premiership competition thisBoason, as well aB a good field. Farquhar, of course, doqervea another good trial, but with so many young playora in the toam it would bo hardly wiso to add him to tho list, jlumo ia a more seasoned playor, and on prosent form and porformauoos as much entitled to n place as almost any trnndler in the team. His bowling average* in preinior «hip matches this season (oxclnding tho Globo contest, the averages for which I have not at hand) is S'17 for 28 wickots. As tho oleveu was piokod with Maokonzio as omertrenov whoRVftr {R ?! „ ill i Tho ono-sidod victory of tho Englishmen at Brisbane must have como as a rude awakening to tho Queensland poople. Apparently only two or throe batsmen shaped at' the fast bowlers, and, as might have been expected, those who did boat were Coningham Poroy M'Donnoll, and Dr. Macdonald. I was ox pecting to hear that Bradley had dono well, bnt his experience agaiiiBt the fast bowlers— bowlod first ball in eaoh innings— is a sadono. Uo has, howovor, plenty of batting in him, and it is hound to como out soouor or later, Tho Engliah batting on the small ground appoars to bnvo boon quite too good for tho Queensland bowling. Tho English oaptain in ovidontly to bo tho ennmstont batsman of tho team, the soore of L19 coming after such figures as 60, 9, 77, 78, and 79 being nloquont proof of hisgrand form. lam pleaaod that Albert Ward got into throo figures, as apart from being very unassuming, ho ia a fino batsman, with an olegant stylo. M'Laren, too, is keopinir his average up, and ovidently intonds to make his Bkipper stretch hiB nock in ordor to como out first whon all is ovor. Coning ham's bowling average is the beBt on his Bide, and considering the foot that tho ground is much smaller than that at Adolaido, loses nothing by a comparison with Goorgo Qiffon's in the /ir«t innings of tho South Australian match. The figures of tho pair in those Couin-[ham ? 51 ll' 150 5 Giffou ? 53 7 175 5 Tho succenfl achieved by Riohardson with tho ball innst havo been very pleasant to bin oomrados. In all he took olevon for G3. Tho Qneenslnnd batumen, however, aro totally nnnsod to such lightning-Iiko deliveries, lieuco Richardson's succoss need not bo rogardod as proof of his ability to porform well against tho boat bata on good wickotn. We aball watoli him clofloly during tho forthcoming oncountor. The soleotion ooinmitteo (Messrs. Mosos, Irodalo mid Portns) have picked the following to praotico for tho match butwuen tho Eng liah loam and the Eighteen Sydney Juniors, to be playod at tho Sydney Criokot. Ground on Friday, December 21 and 22,-11. 1). L. Woodn and F. Itidgi (Manly), Wadd.v (King's School), Jfinohy (Sydney Grammar School). Trumpor, Atkinn. and J. Callaway (South Sydney) Lovoridgo and Pyo (Oontral Cumberland),-!! . Charltou (North Sydney), lUrdsley and Mont gomery (Mamlonaldtown), Triok.tt, Honkings, and Cruikshank (Waverley), Hogan and A. Noble (Paddington), Shea (Bast Sydney), Tnlloh (Hyde), Poidovin and Kelk (Globe) Robison (Canterbury), Connoll (Loinhhardt), T. Thompson, S. Maokanzie, and F: Wado (North Sydnoy). It will be noun that tho committee have oon fined thouiselvefl to young playors. In this list are several of vory good promise, and as thi-y aro to bo captained by an old hand,, pro bably Mr. H. Moaes, thoy should be ablo to make a capital gamo of it agaiust the doughty Englishinen. Tho Juniors may be found strongont in batting, very good in Hold ing, nnd fair in trundling. Unlike most of our crdOKH a numbor of thorn fnTor ft forcing style of play, Montgomery and Wood« being hard bitters, and Trickott and Robinon hardly less vigorous. CruikBbank, Trnmper, Hos kings. Noble. Poidevin, Bardsley. Waddy, Hinohoy, Cbarlton, Atkins, F. Wade nnd Hogan bat frooly, but not too rashly an a rule. In fact, taken all round a happy selootioii has beon made, and Bomo good oricket should be the ontcomo of th? game. Some of the Juniorn put in an appearance at tho nntn on Monday and Tueaday, but hardly aufiloient accommodation waa ino.de for them, and the existenoo of another not would havo been much appro ciatod. The wickets woro not Tory firm aftor tho recont broken weather, bo that bowler* gnuerally did well and had batamon in troublo. The fact of Howell having uhaped badly with the bat ngainst Locktrood linn croatod an impression that bo ia a vorv wealc batsman. It is oaxily seen that hn is unaooustomed to vory fast bowling, but judging by the way he Bhaped generally during tho country week, he Hoems to neod only practioo to be suoceflaful a^oinat any kind of bowliug. He mado 10 not ont and 51 run out for the West against the South, and M not out and 15 againat tho Metropolle. It ia also worthy of note that Howell hit Hix fivers in theaa matohea— magnificent bite, too. The sharp thunderstorm gave most crlckoteters an unexpootod and unweloome holiday on Saturday. It began to threaten shortly aftor 1 o'clock, thunder rambling and rolling, and down the rain . poured at 2 o'cloolc, just aa overyono had gathorod his traps togothor and was moving from home. Only tiro Senior matohoa wore continued, and it was after I o'olook in each oaso when play was rennmed. Tho reBults in this round plaoo Paddiugtou another point ahoad, aa thoy, ronumiug batting at 4.5 p.m., just managed to win before G o'clock. They knocked ud 139 for tho loss of live wiokota.and as tbo 'Varsity mado only 138, wore beaton by ' five wiokets and 3 ruus. Mackonzio addod 1G and Atiolc Baunerraan 23 to thoir not out scores, making their contributions 43 and 36 re»pootivolv. J. J. Kellv scored 15 not out, and BrowHter and H. Noblo a dozon oaoh. Garrett bowled twolvo overs for 12 runs and two wiokets, but rune oamo frooly from tho other trundlcra. Tho Glebo woro not ablo to aoouro tbo vic tory* thoy had been oxpeoting during tho week. Tho umpires at Woutworth Park deoidod that the gamo could bo resumed at 4.80, and de claring tho innings closed at 21S for eight wicketa, the locals sent Rodfern in to bat. Despite a very had start the Redforn mon managed to savo tho match, having lost (Wo wicketa for 41 runa. Erneat Hume playod a very eorviooable Inninga for 23 not out. Newell took three for 15 and Reynolds two for 21. Tbo tabnlatod suores given to-day disoloso Paddington loading strongly for tho premier ship, euoh of thoir fivo matches having been W. Dradley, the Queensland wioket-keeper, who ia a capital and stylish run-gotter, wm bowled first ball in oaoh inuinga againet tho Englishmen. Riohardson and Lockwood were tho sturabling-blookB. This is rather a, novol experienoo, the usual poiguancy of two eggs being acoonuatod by the fact that tho first ball did tho dead in eaoh inuings. In looking ovor tho local Premiership pro grauinie, I notice that matches aro down for February 9 and 16. The first date ia also tho opening day of Queensland v. New South Walos match, at Brisbane. It will hardly bo fair to continue matches for tho Premiership while men are away playing in an Inter colonial match. Yet there seems to bo no way out of the dilliculty. Tho Molnourne Grammar Sohool team ar rivod in Sydney on Saturday by the oxpresB, and were received by Mesxra. R. Barbour, L. Cowliahaw, and others at Redforn. They met tho King'B Sohool at Parramntla on Monday, nud just manngod to win rather un interesting game by 15 runs. Haiti fell, and a few ad jourumeuts had to bo mudo during tho oourso of play. Tho visitors won the toss and sent the King's School to tho wickets, tho innings closing for 110 ; Ebsworth making 70, and Pritobard 18. N. Brooks took five for 38, and H. Brooks two for 4. The Melbourne boys mado 125; Willis nnd Anderson 30 eaoh, Ahoarn 13, and N. Brooks 10. Ebsworth and Marsh were tho moat anocossful botvlorn. Tho Molbourne nnd Sydnoy Grammar Schools will commence to-day and continue their match to-morrow at Rushcutters' Bay. The teams are expected to prove well tnatchod. A new doparturo ivill ho ndopted in tho slmpo of ladies assisting to make the game attractive by providing refreshments in touts. Mrs. Hutton, Mra. Cowlishaw, Mrs. J. Williamson, aud Mrs. A. M'Arthnr have issued invitations to their frionds to visit their tonts ou the ground, and tbo Sydnoy Grammar School team themselves havo iBBiied invitations to after noon tea. To-day tho Bavarian Band will perform, and on Thursday, by permission of Alajor-Genoral Hutton, C.B., A.D.C., tho Military Band will give a ahoioo eoleotion of music, uudcr the directorship of BandmaBter Devery. The umpires appointod are C. Banuerman and Chizlott. Twenty-two aboriginals of Shollharbor are desirous of taking tho Englishmen on at orioket in Sydnoy. In addition, they will provldo amusement for tbo millions in tbo shape of boomerang- throwing, corroboroeB, &.a. Horo is a obanoe for Major Wardill and Mr. Phil Shoridan. The Rev. C. F. Gnrnsay, who died rooently, was a great ontliUBiast in oriokot, and in the olden days a playor of Homo noto. His sou Bhowed vory fair form with the bat for the University last season. Harry Hilliard re lates how tho reverend gentleman uaod to dis card shoes and socks in the oarly times, whon Australians wero not BtloU adepts at the game as they now are. Stoddart, in making his score of 149 against Queensland, was batting two hours and twenty minutes, and (Bays tbo Courier) he gave a magulfioont and scientific display of f reo and graceful orioket, not a chance boing urgod against him. Inclndod in his Hcoro was one hit clean out of tho'gronnd for 6, throe hits for 5, and ninoteen boundary hits. Patrons of tho Sydney Crioket Ground will find a numbor of improvements for their espeoial comfort during tho oourso of tbo tost match. Frequenters of the smokers' reserve will havo a stand, hastily improvised, all to thomsolves, coverod by an awning to shut out tho heat of the sun. Tho terraoo seats are aho being covered in a similar manner, and a marquee is being fixod up near tbo tennis courta, juat 'outside tho committee-room. I understand that Lady Duff will have a tent on tho ground. It is a pity that, boforo urging in publio thoir opinions us to tho advisability of over riding tbo N.S.W. Cricket Association in the matter of appointing an umpire for the Test match. Messrs. Giffon and Blockham woro not put right about tbo matter by thoir Associa tion authorities. Indeed, one Victorian writor of considerable repute in his own colony, takes up tbeir xido of tho matter, but I should 'ay even ho will admit that the fol lowing minute, adopted by tho Cnunoil at ono of its first moetingH. on tho proposition of Mr. Mostyn Evan, chairman of the South Austra lian Association, qnito upxoU all their ambi tious desires to govorn Sydney as well as Molbourue criokot : — In any International mutch the visiting tenm and tlin Association, or committed of the colony in which buc!i match In to lio plarod, Bhull ooloct an umpire Iroin tho authoriHod liat. ThtiB sneaks tho Vioto'rian captain regard ing tho South Australian victory :— ' It'R no use aaying nnythine but the truth — tho bettor nido won. Indood, on tbeir pre sent form South Anatralia, I think, could piny a combined toam of Viotoria and New Snntb Walos, not excluding Hngh Trnmblo nnd Billy Bruoo. Goorge Giffen is in Bplondid trim with tho hall, and otir fast footed men wero no good ngainat him. He bowla hi« slow ball slower than ever, and it Roema more difficult to play than beforo, ao far as our men aro conoerned. I think tbo fact that a fast bowler liko Jones is constantly pegging away at the other end tonds much to aid the slow deliveries of George Giffon. . . . Dyor has some lino on sttokes, but in his century be had a good aharo of luck — should, in fact, have been out beforo he Bcored a double. . . . Tho batting of Georiro Gilfen on the second day was perfect. Ho nevor looked liko getting out, bnt he bad good luok on the first day, and Bob M'Leod jmt grazed hiB stumps almost as Boon as tho crack Btarted. Our fielding was vory lino along tho ground, specially Mitcholl and Worrall. The former was perfect, and the Utter marred his really brilliant work by miaaine an eaay chance. Darling played fino crioket, and I fanoy Clem Hill a good deal. Tako my word for it South Australia is far from boing a tiro man team now. Why, Lyons failed practically and thoy boat us easily.'! ? Aaked how Jaok Harry strained his side on tho way to Adolaido, Blaokham said, ' Oh, Jaok when at homo ia in the habit of gotting out of bod quickly, nnd, forgetting that ho waa on the top bunk in n train slooping-borth, bo jumped out as if he waro at homo, and found himself landed on the floor with a strained side. Ho mended rapidly, and uoldod and batted grandly.' Tho well-known Yorkshire oriokoter, Georgo Ulyott, was aBked to stand for Brightaldo Ward in the Conaorvativo interest at the Shomnld munioipal eleotious, but declined tho Tho Viotorinn contingent, Graham, Trott and C, M'Lood, arrivod from Melbourne in tho ExproRB yesterday, nnd joined tho othorx nt tlio pruotioo notn in tho tiftttrnoon, Tbo Your Bnok of Iho Jnnior Criokot Apbo oiutionof Queensland is to hand from tho pub lishers, containing n lot of interesting local information, portraits of offloiala, &o.; f Two or threo Australians woro promlnont figures in a matoh at Oapotown recently be tween VYo.tern Province and Stollenbosch. They played 12 men aside, and the provinoe ?cored 192 for ten wioketa (innings olosed). A. Goldman made 58, V. A. Van der Byl 30, Aahloy 21, Baker 20. Thoir opponents wero routod for BO, C. D. O. Mainou (late of Mel bourne), taking sevtn for 5. In another matoh for the Woatorn Proviuoe Goldman made 24 (second hi ghost acore) and took seven for 39 with tho ball. Tho Mutual Life Ansooiation would easily havo boatou tho A.M.P. last Wodneaday at tho Criokot Ground if time had not arrived a shado early, the scores being 14G and 187 for five wickets. 0. A. Kiohardson mode 30, aud also blosaomod oat as a bowler for the Mutual Lifo. The Referee soorod 50 against Summor hill on WmlnoBduy. P. Mullen making 20, and Chipponfiold aud Meara seouring tho wiukets. Summorhill repliod with 74, Mearos 81 and Morris 12, J. C. Davis taking seven for 28, and G. Cope throe for 22. Against Morpoth Singleton made 125 on Saturday, C. Patriok making top Rooro of 35, M'Millan 30 not out, and Mather, who is again batting very well, 11. Morpeth made 80, Flott (a brother of Lou Flett) making 81 not out. Power, for binglnton, got eight wicketa for 30. 