THE BISnOPEIU OF GRAFTON AND ARM ID ALE. CONSECRATION 5Ra^°™««r (MIOM OUB JtEI.I10DE.VE COBEESTONOEKTl Tueada xnc novel ana interesting ceremony 0{ consecrating a biahop of the Churcb of Emr land was performed at St. Paul's Cathedral to-day in the presence of a very ]ar,„ gathering of the clergy and laymen. To Australians indeed the proceedings were rendered specially, intcrosling frolh tho fact that Dr Green, tho new Bishop of Grafton and Armidalo, received his training at Trinity College, Melbourne. Here Dr Green had a brilliant career, wining tho Brombv prize for Bihhcal Greek, the Bowed prito and other collegiate trophies. He was ordained a deacon by Bishop Moorehouse in 1880, and has since pursued his clerical calling at Brighton, Maldon, and Ballar.it Tho ceremony was timed to begin at 11 w tho anxiety of .those who had beeu so 'for tunato as to. secure tickets of admission was shown by the numbers waiting at the doom and though a': large congregation seems small when enclosed in the ample propor tions of tho building, every seat was speedily occupied. As the bells ceased a pro cession of the clergy and laity was formed in tho corridor, and moved down the central aisle. It was composed in tho following order:—Verger, choir, clergy of the uiocese of Melbourne, acting minor canons, precentor cathedral chapter, the Bishop elect o'f Grafton and Atmiilale, robed as an arch deacon, tho Bishop of North Queensland, the Bishop of Kiverina, tho Biahop of Adelaiilo the Biahop of Newcastle, the Bishop of (Joel' burn, tho Primates Register, tho Chuncclluruf the diocese of Biiltarat,~tho Bisiiop of Balls rat and the Bishop of Melbourne. As tkoproces' sion passed along tho cathedral the choir sting tho hymn commencing, " The church's one foundation." Tho Bishop of BaUarnt commenced the service by reading the com. munion. Tho Bishop of Newcastlo read the epistle, and tho Bishop of Melbourne tho gospel. The Bishop of Goulburn preached from Psalm xiv., verso 17 : "Instead of thy father's thou 6halt have childreu whom thou mayest mako princes in all the hinds." The bishop-elect was tljen conducted by his chaplains to the vestry, and was robed iu a linen garment called a rochot. The choir during his absence, sang Gounod's anthem " Send out Thy light and Thy truth." The Biahop of Bullarat, U6 senior bishop, having taken his scat in front of the Communion table, tho bhhop elect was presented to him by tbe Bishops of Melbourne and Nowcastle. The senior bishop then demanded tho certificate of tho election by the synod of tho diocese and the certificate of tho confirmation of the same by the metropolitan and bishops of the province ot New South Wales. These were read, and tho oath of canonical obedience bar ing , been administered, tho bishop elect knelt in front of tho scniur bishop and remained kneeling as tbe Precentor chanted tho Litany, whioh con tained a special prayer for the bishop-elect. After tho reading of the Litany the bishop elect was catechised by the senior bishop. He then retired to bo invested with the re mainder of tho episcopal robes, and during his absence tho choir sang Mendelssohn's anthem, commencing " How lovely are tha messengers." Returning tho bisliop-elcct again knelt in front of the chair, and the other bishops taking their places alongside tho senior the hymn beginning " Come Holy Ghost oar souls inspire " was sung. The senior bishop and the other bishops then placed thek hands upon the head of tho bishop-elect, and the solemn words of consecration wero pro nounced by the senior bishop. Tho service was concluded by. a blessing pronounced by the Bishop of Melbourne. The clergy and laity then retired in procession to tho singing of the.hymn "Now thank we all our God." In tho afternoon theMuyorandMisSnowden held a reception at the Town Hall in honor of the consecration. .There were a lirge number of clerical guests present, incWag the new Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. 