WIT AND HUMOR. GENERALITIES. May—"How wonderfully well that old uncle of yours wears, Charlie !" Charlie (with expectations)—"70S ; wears out the patience of my creditors." City editor—" What have you written about the death of that bright young Jenkins 1" Irish reporter—" Something nate, sir, windin' up with these words—* He leaves a brilliant future behind him.'" Antediluvian editor (having glanced at the contributor's joke)—" Where's the other i' Contributor—" Oiher 1 There isn't any other." Editor—" Oh, I thought Noah took two of everything into the ark." Mrs. Plainfield (proudly)—"And who would have thought that I should ever be the mother of a poet ?" Her Neighbor (misunderstanding) —"Ob, well, don't worry about that. He'll have better sense when he gets a little older." Binks (meeting a well-known comic singer the day after his wife had presented him with twins)—" Allow me to congratulate you, old fellow." C.S.—"Thanks, very much; but you see it is quite a usual ihing with me. am used to encores." A la Dude.—Ghollie—" I was so angry at my man this mawnin' that I kicked bira." Chappie—" Deah me ! How could you do such a thing ?" Cholli6—" Wby, what would you do when you get angwy at your man ? Chappie—" I would make bim kick himself." 1 A Natural Inference.—He—"You are the only woman I have ever loved." She—" D J you expect me to believe that ?" He—" I do, I swear it is true." She—" Then I believe you. Any man who would expect u woman to believe that cannot have been much ia the company of women." "Dear," said Mrs. Wickwire, looking up from the last thing in feminine fiction, " what doss this book mean Vy referring to ' the superfluous woman V What ii the eupeiflious woman 1" " In our engagemsnt day?," answered Mr. Wickwire, "the superfluous was your younger sister." " Now, remember you are on your oath." «I remember, sir," answered tha witness, " and repeat It—that was all she said." "S;and down !" ordered the judge, sternly. " The idea of any man coming here and swearing he can re member all that any woman ever said." Moses, to his son Ikey—" How much was twice two, Ikey?" Ikey—"Twice two was six, fader." Moses—" Six ! No, main son. Twice two was four." Ikey—"I know dat, fader. I only said six so's you could heat me down to four." A real chip of the old block was Ikey. He could calculate well enough. Jack Ford—"Did you seethe girl cut ma then Frank V» ilcox—" I noticed that Bhe .didn't bow." Jack Ford—" And yet I saved her life!" Frank Wilcox—" How ?' Jack Ford—" We were engaged, and finally she said ahe'd rather die than marry me—so I let her off!" The Important Man,—Poetry, a waxed moustache, mystery, Vong hair, and a sweet tenor voice will often 'make a woman feel as if there ouly a ebeet of tUw F Per between heaven and herself; but it iB the man with tbe wart on Lis nose and six figures as his back balance who gets ibe girl and makes ber happy ever afterwards. Scene—A refreshment bar. Uncla (who left bia nephew in the bar "refreshing") — " Well, Tommy, you see I'm back ; aro y-u raady 1 What have I to pay, Miss ?' Mus— "Three buns, four spooge cakes, two pnridwiches, one jelly, five tarts, and " U: cl« —" Good gracious, boy 1 are you not ill T Tommy—" No, uncle ; but I'm awful thirsty." Wife—" You can now soe bow much your friends care tor you. During your long illumes only one has callrd to see ycu." Husband— " And that was Janes, wasn't it V " Yes, h e came every day, and he said he was very sorry that you were two unwell to see him. He is the only real friend ycu have got." "Yes, I suppose so. The day before I was taken ill I promised to lend him five pousde." " Mr. S ," said a ycuog woman timidly, as the two walked along the quiet street on their way to church, " may I presume on our somewhat short acquaintance to ask you a question T " Why, yep, Miss M„" he answered, taming slightly pale. "It's tbe old, old qieetioD, Mr. S." It had come upon bim unexpectedly, He was not prepared for it. L *ng, long afterwards he remembered how her vjice trembled and how the little band that rested upon his arm flattered with a tf-y ner- vousness that awoke a responsive chord in his kaees, Locg, long afterwards be could c'ote his eyes and eoe as vividly as he did at that moment every detail of the commonplace landscape that environed bim—the street, with its ro» of gas lamps struggling in vaiu to illumine the gloom of a cloudy ev^ciug ; tha sleepy-looking bouses that stretched monotonously away until lost in the dim, foggy perspective ; the sombre, bleak sky overhead and tbe occasional pedestrian flitting about in tbe semi-darkness like an uneasy ghost suffering from insomnia and walklug because there was nothing else to do. " Why, Miss M," he gasped, " certainly you—you may ask it in— if you feel you must." " Then, Mr. S," she Biid, halting directly opposite a street lamp and looking the trembling ycung man tquarely in the face, « will you please tell me if my hat is on straight V' 