THE MERCURY. HOBART: SATURDA Y, oar. sr, iS9.}. EPITOME OF NEWS. Parliament prorogued until March 5,1895. Alterations commenced nt tho new Liver- pool-street Municipal Police quarters. Several mail contracts for 1895 decided and announced in local column. Small Debts lix m res for 1S95 announced ; Zeehan included for first time. Income tax i oturns coming in slowly ; fining looming In tho near future. Meeting of Executive Council yesterday, at which ibu Deputy-Governor presidod. Annual genoral meeting of Hobart Operatic Society at ~ t. David's Schoolroom on 30th inst. Mrs. Annie Besant arrives in Hobart by the steamer Tarawera from New Zealand. S..S. Taranna makos fishing excursion this afternoon. Tasmanian Military Band will perform in tho Barrnck-reserve to-morrow afternoon. Lady assistants invited to join the Drapers ~dnd Grocers Assistants' Association. Nubeena, accompanied by City Band, will malro an excursion to Brown's River to- morrow afternoon. Mr. T. L. Hood announces by advertise- ment that he hasroady to-day "Picturesque Tasmania" No. 2 (the Leader J. Lieut.-Oolonel Home, ox-Commandant of Forces, buriod yesterday with military honours. Attorney-Genoral says cases of animal steal- ing, where value under £10, should be dealt with summarily. Government help Southern timber mill owners with an advance ou account of their London orders. Telegraph otfico opened at Mount Lyell ; congratulatory messages passing along wires in consequence. School teacher finod for taking money nt doors for concert sympathised with by Execu- tive Council. Mr. J. lY. Abbott will sell by auction on tho 31st inst,, booth rights for the Colebrook meot. Collections to-morrow morning and even- ing at St. George's, on behalf of the General Church Fund.also nt St. Stephens Sandy Bay. Tasmoninn Loan, Guarantee and Finance Co. Limited pay 5 per cent, dividend for last half-year. Cascade Browery Co. Invite tenders for nrection of weatherboard building at King River. 't uranna will mako on oxcursion to Brown' River to-morrow morning, returning at 12.45 p.m. Special collection for General Church Fund of tho diocese at Holy Trinity Church to- morrow. Five thousand excursionists took advantage of trips arranged hy the Drapers and Grocers Assistants' Association durtiig the past year. Rev. W. Law, at anniversary meeting at Launceston yesturdny.reclpiont of an address and tokens of goodwill mid esteem. Donation scratched for Molbourne Cup. China seeks to float a war loan in London. Necker Island negotiations still indchnite. Proposed surgical operation on the Czar. French specialists assisting. Two companies of artillery leaving Ports- mouth for Hongkong. Madame Melba suffering from influenza in New York. Imports of Australian butter seriously in- terfering with Irish butter trado in England. Explosion on board Ficnch war steamer at Brest, »ix mon killed. Bulletin as to Czar's health fairly satis- factory. Queensland Assembly object to proposed establishment of a National Bank. Commander-in-Chief of United States Army asks for moro guns and moro men. His Excellency Viscount Gormanston is in Adelaide, and has visited the House of As- sembly. Proposal for conversion of £2 000,000 worth of deposit receipts in Australian recon- structed banks has benn abandoned. Persls'ont rumours in St. Petersburg that dread of Nihilist plots caus-s Czirevitch to dec ino succession to Russian throne. Contradictory news concerning Chinese Japaneso fighting, but battle hourly im- pending. Early marriage of Czarevitch and Princess Alix of Hesse deemed unlikely in the present grave crisis of Uussian affairs. The British Horns Secretary has declared at a public meeting that the exercise of veto by the Houso of Lords is incompatible with the spirit of Democratic Government. Another characteristic row in the Now South Wales Legislative Assembly. Sir George Dibbs and Chief Socretary Brunker prevented from exchange of blows by bon. members, London tin quotation, £68 cash ; £6S 2s. Gd. at three months. Carnage at 10 to 1 for Melbourne Cup. Riienalf a shade easier. Military Conference at Sydney has decided on a general scheme of defence on Federal lines for the Australian colonies. Lord Rosebery, British Premier, has made » most important speech on England, Russia, France, and the East. THE case of France against Madagas- car is duly set forth at length ia some of the French papers which have reached tis, but not a great deal is added to what has been'learned by telegraph. It appears that a Council of Ministors was held in the beginning of September last at Pont-sur-Seine, at which the whole matter was dis- cussed, and a decision come to that something of a rather strong charac- ter had to be done. One of the dis- coveries made, or if not hen made at, least commented on as among the sins of the Hu vas, was that the bulk of the commerce of the island is in the hands of the English, whilst a large portion of what remains is carried on by Germany and the United States. Thisjs a condition of affairs which France does not like at all, which she does not mean to allow to continue, that is, if she eau make a chantre by any means in her power. The charges formulated against Que«) KANAVALO, who rules the dominant race in the island, tho Hovas, ia i mainly that she does not li leo the i French. We do not know that she has any particular reason to bo fond of them, seeing that they fined the Government i'600,000 because it îc sisted French encroachment some years ago, whilst they claim to practically become the rulers of this great island, the third largest in the world, which is directly on the route to India, and a position from which South Africa could bo attacked. The French, in virtue of their own sup- posed interests, claim a protectorate over the island, which does not nant to be protected, whilst they are not at all content with the territory already acquired, which is said not to bo suit- able for the establishment of a navai arsenal. At the Council referred to it wa? stated that the situation of France in Madagascar was no louger touable. Queen RANAVALO and her Govern- ment mock at France. They do not observe the treaty as to the Protec- torate, which was forced upon them, and they disdain even to take the trouble to ensuro the safety of persons of French nationality. Finally, it was declared that nothing could be obtained from them by reason. Wo should, in order to do the case full justice, like to hear what the Hovas say, as they may, possibly, take a different view of the situation. In order to get this, however, we shall have to wait until the files of English papers published in Mada- gascar arrive, ivhen.uo doubt, we shall find the other side stated in a very terse and decided manuer. For, as we have pointed out before, these papers have insisted for years that the French were bent on the conquest of the island, that they .were restless and always making mischief, and that it was a piece of great weakness on the part of England to acknowledge the Protectorate in any way. How far that acknowledgment precludes England from protesting against the nowavoived intention of the French to make a con- quest of the island remains tobe seen, but it is said that both England and Italy are resolved not to allow France to acquire,BO enormous a territory, which .will give her the command of the Indian Ocean. The 'actual truth as to the position will be only ascer- tained when we get later files of English papers, but we think that the situation may prove to beonewhich will cause some trouble and anxiety. The French papers, after the ordinary war- like tirades, have declared that there is no danger of a rupture between the two countries on account of Madagascar, but the proceedings of the Council of Ministers certainly does not convey to our mind any assurance of the kind. For, what did it do ? It appointed M. LE MYHE DE VILEHS to proceed to Madagascar, and, it is siguificantly said, gave him all that was necessary to assure his success. This is the gentleman , who proceeded on what is called " a similar mission " to Siam, where he is credited with having done great service to his country. He was for some years a resident in Madagascar, he is said to know'the people well, and to be able to use the precise kind of language which'will produce the effect desired. -Without in any way ex- aggerating things, we are told, M. LE MYBE DE VILEUS bears to the Queen RANAVALO the choice of peace or war. This is called " an elegant solution " of the difficulty. It is pointed out that the Council might have dealt more brusquement with the Hova Government, but it was dignified and more desirable to make a final attempt to bring that Government to reason, that is, to what France calls so. That Government believes, we are assured, being told as much by "certain good friends," that France will submit to anything without saying a word. But, it is the mission of M. Lli MYKE DE VlLEIlS to sIlOW the Hovas that this is not the case, he is to persuade them to embrace the part of wisdom and prudence, by giving sure guaranties of their good-will. This is the way in which the case is put for the edification of the public, but in plain terms it means that France is to be allowed to enter upon a military occupation of the island, by establish- ing garrisons whetever she may please, and compelling the Government to agree to take no action except with the assent of the French representa tive. In other words, France desires to acquire practical possession of the island, and is prepared to enforce her demands by means of au expedition of 10,000 troops. It is understood that the QUEEN is to have some 10 days in which to accept or reject the ultimatum, so that we may expect to hear any day whether there is to be peace or war. According to the accounts in the Madagascar papers, the Hovas, who are the dominant and ruling race in the island, have long been preparáis: for the state of affairs which has come about, as they foresaw that the French were resolved to carry out a policy of encroachment. It is said that they have accumulated a large stock of arms and ammunition, that they have engaged a number of European officers, and that they are resolved to fight to the bitter end, rather than allow themselves to become the vassals of the French, to whom they are very bitterly hostile. This is, indeed, the main offence. It seems that their inclinations tend to the English, with whom they do the bulk of their trade, and that they will resist any further encroachments attempted by France. Should the difficulty lead to a war, it will prove, most probably, a very bitter and pro- longed one. The road to the interior is over very rough country, which can be easily defended, whilst the. low lands on the coast are hot-beds of fever. The Hovas are a brave and warlike race, determined to fight for their liberty, so that all things look as if France was about to undertake a rather difficult job, which may be rendered more so by the action of Italy anti England. Further develop- ments will be waited for with keen interest. Mn.JuBTici! STEPHEN'S charge to tho jury in tho case of eight men tried at Broken Hill on Thursday last, charged with riot and assault at .Grassmere Station, in August last, is one which will bo remembered, 'flin men with a number of others attacked tho station, declaring that they mount to take out the fie» labourers. Police wore pre- sent, and fired n number of shots ni tlio ground, nnd afterwards arrested the men charged. Baker, a freo labourer, gave some remarkable ei ¡dence. It seems that he was lying in the. hut when it was attacked, and the (loor broken in. Three mon immediately struck nt him with sticks, but lie li red at tliein and they foil. Tho attacking party appear to havo been greatly surprised that anyone presumed to resist thom, for they at once miidn oil', having cot the worst of tho encounter. At the trial there was no defence, indeed none seems to have been possible, counsel contending only that each prisoner must be proved to have talton part in the attack. The jury found nil tho prisoners guilty of riot. Mr. Justice Stephen, in charging the jury, said :- - " As to the firing uy Baker, it was the first cabe of the kind he had tried in which any of tho attacking party had been injured. Ho had often been sur- prised that the freo labourers did not arm themselves to resist tho outrages that were perpetrated upon thom. They were, of course, entitled to resist, and to resist, ho maintained, with firo iinus if they had any reasonable idea that their lives were in danger. Ho was disposed to think that if the freo labourers organised themselves, armed themselves, and let it be known that thoy were prepared to resist, there would bo less of thoso cowardly out- rages. They seemed to bo like a lot of sheep driven about by the ' unionists because thoy were not organised nnd the unionists were, if Baker had had to stand'his trial for killing one'of tlie men he would go so far as to say .that the jury might well havo returned a verdict ot justifiable homidide." There can bo no doubt, we think, that the outspoken opinion given by the judge will prove to bo beneficial in the end, because it will go far to put things on their right basis. Hitherto, the unionists have done pretty well as thoy pleased. > They have, violated the laws openly and flagrantly, they havo hesitated at no 'brutality, calculating that they would not be met with their own weapons. In futuro the fiée labourers will know that tbey are justi- fied in protecting themselves in the best way they can, and We may expect that they will do so. Let us hope, how- ever, that the unionists will be wise, and that they will allow to others the rights which they claim for them- selves. AN excuse is being found among New- castle coal miners for the chronic state of discontent and disorganisation under which their 'industry has so -long suffered, and which appears likely to culminate at the present moment in a 'fight between unionists and non unionists. All the blauie is thrown upon tho shippers of coal, who are ac- cused of having formeu'a- compact ring which effectually squeezes the coal companies, who in turn ' squeeze the \vorkuien,;nndl thus all ' the ;profit goes to the middlemen, and the'' miners and workmen starve, while tho companies helplessly look on and find themselves unable to book orders for t'oal except at prices which aro scarcely ' worth ac- cepting. A correspondent of the New- castle Mominu Herald shows that New- castle coal by latest advices was worth 31s. Gd. in 'Frisco, the cost at that port being freight ,13s. Od., coals 8s., less 21 to 20 jiercent, according to the squeeze the shipping ring puts in. Say full cost, 21s. Gd., leaving a margin of 10s., which is appropriated neither by tho shareholder nor the workman.^ The remedy proposed is a classification of coal according to quality, and then a fixing of the getting and selling prices according to that quality. All coal transactions to pass through one office, and each company to pay a percentage in proportion to the coal they ship, for the maintenance of the olhce. _ Thus tlie collieries would be in a position to say to the shipping ring, "You must paysoniurh for the particular grade of coal you want, or go without it." This looks feasible enough on paper, and really means tho establishment of a co-operative system in working the mines, protected by a federated trade custom, bur. unfortunately for the miners themselves they have here- tofore barred tho way to such unison. The constantly-repeated tale appearing in the public prints concerning the Newcastle coal trouble, has been that whatever tho mineownors have pro- posed, the Miners' Association, in some shape or form, has objected to. The various lodges have been split up into factions against themselves and among themselves, and thoy have now to face the alternative of being completely shattered and sundered, or adopting a determination to sacrifice sentiment and come down to the solid bed-rock of possibilities. IT seems that a contingent of spooks has recently been visiting Australia. And these mystic whatever-thoy ares were not long in getting themselves and some of their earthly friends and acquaintances into trouble. No doubt " Geordie," " Cissie," and " Josephine " would havo toured'the whole of the provinces if they had not unexpectedly got stranded in Sydney. "Geordie" used to appear at Newcastlc-on-Tyne, but, following the example of other distinguished personages, he decided to " do " the colonies. His trip, however, has been brought to an inglorious and premature end, according to the sworn statements of a witifcss who grabbed " Cissie" tit a recentbeitneo, and held her whilst another Asilorfound "Geordies" whiskers _ with other materialistic " properties " in the ever-necessary cabinet. If spooks can be un- earthed, why must the medium always clo the digging up behind curtains? "Cissie" was stated to have had a taste for chocolates, and to hayo actually eaten a cream. Chocolate is substantial enough, and modern _ scientists declare that matter is indestructible. What be- came _ of the chocolate cream that "Cissie" swallowed when "Cissie" dissolved? It was a curious circum- stance, too, that the Sydney spook agent fainted when being put through a test that would have settled the question beyond all reasonable doubt. Half an hour's incarceration of the medium in a locked cage, with all customary music outside by the chorus of visitors, failed to stir up a ghost of any kind. At other seances, wlien,the medium made her own arrangements for the reception of her ghostly friends, they came quickly enough, but always one at a time. Now, why shouldn't spooks travel about in company some- times 1 It's passingly complimentary to the English tongue, too, that ghosts always seem to have been educated in our language, which is generally regarded as confounding to most foreigners. Pfioiioc-TioN- OP PAKHAMBNT. - The following notico was issuod in a Gazelle Extraordinary after the sitting of the Kxccu tlvo Council yesterday :.- Whereas it is ex- pedient that tho Parliament of Tasmania should be proroguod, now, thcrofore, I, the Honorable Sir William Lambert Dobson, Knt., Deputy- Governor in and over the colony of Tasmania and its dependencies, do hereby proroguo the said Parliament to Tuesday, tho 5th day of March proximo. Given under my hand at Hobart, in Tasmania aforesaid, this 2(ith day of October, 1804. By His ISxcelloncy's com- mand. WM. MOOUH, Chief Secrotary. GOD SAVK ÏJIK QUKHN. EXECUTIVE CODKUII,_A meeting of the Executive Council was held at 11,30 o'clock u.m. yesterday, at which His Kxcullency the Deputy-Governor, .Sir Lambert Dobson, provided, and all tho Miniates woiopruient. Amongst th« business translated was the prorogation of Purllamcnt undi March next. HOBART RIW.K Cr.uu.- Tho match ar- ranged for to-day has lj:icn postponed till Novumber 3, as the range is not available i until that date, ' I Ouït Si'iTMCMKNT to-d»v contains t-Tags manian Kxhibition, Drupsrs and Grosers Assistants' Association, Tasmanian Loan,. Guarantoo and Financo Co., Caledonian Society, Cricket, Mining, Launceston. Sheep . and Cittlo Stealing, Country News, Loiters to tho Kditor, Victoriiiu items, Momo of our Posts, Our New Yoik Letter, Dramatic Notes, Tho Kaiser as an Actor, and adver- tisements. MAU, CONTOACTS. - The Postmaster General has arranged some of tho country mail services for next your, tho oharaoter of theso contracts being generally tho saino ne those for 1894 Existing arrangements are to bo continuod hntwoen Cressy and Ross, so that Mr. Burko'B appt-nl to tho Government, in the iiouso of Assembly on Thursday, may bo hold to havo beon ot som o effect. Mr. Wcbslor's oontraot for tho "? Franklin ami Huon sorvicos is renewed, Mr, Wiseman will carry the maila fiom Ulverstone right through to Circular beuil us before. Mr. Thompson also obtains a renowal of his conti acts for tho Mathinna, Gcorgo's Bay,. etc., service. Other contracts ara still under consideration, but will bo known early next wock. ThMsmtAi'iiia -Mount Lyell has its Tele- graph Üllice, the last steps to bring that desired luxury into force having beon com- pleted yesterday. Amongst the congratu- latory messages which were thereupon Hashed along the wires was one from the managing director of tho Mount Lyell Gold mining Co. to the Premier, in which Mr. Knox expresses his gratification at the open- ing of quick communication with the Mount by wire. The advantago thus given to the company can only be said to no well de- served, us thoy uro giving work of a re muncttitivo character to a larris number of men iu tho dittrict, uud aro not, like so many other corporations, simply ivaiteis upon the Government providence. BosideB, as the new township of Gormanston is sure to g,o ahead in tho noar future, ia the sumo way as Zeohuu has done, the telegraph service should prove highly remunerativo to the State. iMCOMii TAX.-'Hie iacoine tax schedules have continued to pour into the Chief Commisioners' ollico during the week, although Monday waa the last day for re- ceiving thom, and no steps hav.i yet been taken to impose upon anyone the ano to which ¡moll delay renders all laggurds liable under the Act. On Inquiry at tho Treasury it has been ascertained that it will bo tho duty of the commissioner soon to take steps of a character that, will secure tho Govern- ment getting the anticipated amount of rsvr-nue, sonic Bitch proceeding being abso- lutely necessary if the'treasurer's estimate to Parliament is to bo rcalisud. Steps will probably be takin in the fiist place against, a leading merchant, lawyer, comtnetclal man, and other prominant oitizsiis who have not sent ia their returns as required hy the Ant. It is also suggested that as the commissioner may not care io rojeot of his own accord m7 returns, or return' that aro approaching that low standaid, it may be nucottury io avBociato somebody with him, say tho Auditor-General, to decide ivhuo is fail und what is unfair, and what, if any, shall be ohulletiged on tho latter grounds. These ftud other mutter» onuneoted with til»' collection of the tux will havo to bo settle* next wock. A CURIOUS FIX.-One of the teachers ol' the Educatiou Dopattuient was reooutly fined by a looa! Bench for keeping au unlicensed place of entertainment, bouausu he was found to havo tallon money at the doors of the school building for admission to a conceit, t lia proceeds di which wcro dovotcd lo the clearing and improvement of the school play- ground, which needed these attentions very sadly. Some local busybody took notico of ? this heinous offence, and the unfortunate putiliu benefactor was haled before the Bench, with the result that be was ordered to be fined a portion of tho proceeds, costs, etc. However, sonicono less harsh of dis- position brought tho matter under the notice of the Premier, and by him it was intro- duced in the Kxceutivo meeting yesterday, with tho result thuc the offence wa» oondoocd, and tho monoy ordered te be re- turned. EXI'ORT or TiatiiKit.-Tho Government have como to the resuuo of the Southern timber inillowncrs, und, as tho result of representations mulo to thom in interviews held during the wetk, haveugreed to advance them a sum of money, at the rate of 5s. per 100 super, feet of timber, ou thoir projected shipment of 300,000ft. of blue gum and stringy bark to London, This lins proved very satisfactory to the niilltiwnets, uud they ure now well under way getting the order ready, with every hope of having the re- quired number ni planks ut tim wharf early iu December. The Piemier has not yet been able to cable final particulars of the ship- ment to the Agent-General, us the Mill owriera' Association has not yet plaoad bim in a position to do so, aMuNicii'AL.- The Municipal Counoll will meet on Monday next at the Municipal Council-chamber, at 4 o'clock, when the? tollowiug business will have consideration, bosides subjects that may require prompt attention during the sitting. Reports from, the various committees, us follows :-Public Works -On letter from Mrs. E, L. Soott with reference to sido channel, Montpeller road. On letter fiom Mr. D. II. Kolly in connection with urinals in the city, Public Works and Health.-On letter from hon. secrotury Sanitary und General Improvement Association, submitting suggestions for im- proved sanitation, etc, THK MKMIIKU IOU Gl-ojtciB TOWN.-Mr. G. Crosby Gilmore, M.U.A., telographed from Evandalo Juuction yesterday :-" A. slight mistake occurs in your report of my speech on tho Assessment Bill. What li said was that it was contrary to the prin- ciples of political economy to tuku into coutiilerntion how a man had made hie wealth. All a ttevrrn incut could do was to- talen into consideration that he bud it." Tins WKATHKK AND TUB Citors.- In both the Northern and Southern parts of tho colony this week a low duys of extremely hot weather lor so early in tho season havo been experienced, und, notwithstanding all tho rain wo have had, moro will soon be uuccptublu to formers. Reports upon the growing crops aro favourable from all parts, lhere beiug u really abnormal growth of vegetation everywhere. Fruitgrowers are mudo anxious hy these high temperature«,, for fear that lalor on onld nights aud frotts will come to damage tho over-forced buds. So far everything looks well and promising, there being an lnnnenso show ot blossom, and especially on the pear trees. In the oat lier parts of the colony the buds of the fruit trees are setting splendidly, whilst in< districts such us tho Huon the blossoms are only just out, as yet. Fruitgrowers hope that this summer will bo u hot one, believing. ihut it will tend to check thoso fungoid) disuses that have boen stimulated by the' last few summer reasons, which have been oharnoterisod by far moio thun ordinary humidity. AUSTRALIAN ACIIIICULTUKE.-lu his open iug address at ibu sixth congress of the South Australian Agricultural Bureau, the Hou. Dr. Cockburn, Minister of Education aud Agriculture, said:-'? Throughout the whole of tho colouics thero is now no greater interest shown by the Governments thuu in the direution of agriculture. In Now South Wules, Victoria, Now Zealand, anti-' Tasmania the most alive of all the Govern- ment departments is the Agricultural De- partment, and here, I hope, it will be the same Every member of the Ministry, from.' the Premier down, takes the greatest potsible interest In the work of the Agri- cultural Department, and all the things which go through my hands are closely scrutinised by them. Thi-v feel that cn" the agricultural interest the future of the colony mainly depends, _ and unless ther department is managed in a business-like way we shall be handicapped not only in encouragiog production but in finding, markets. The Government ii willing to aid the producers by advancing them money for ' erecting freezing works, und to seek the same powers with regard to co-operative-' wiuei les, and in every way to assist the ' development of rural industries, Tlis en- couragement of production is only one half of the problem, and (erhaps the most' important half at the present time is the > finding of markets for the products, The department will be only too glad to co operate with producers in fnaking trial shipments, and we would bo prepared to- tale some risks, We ure not running our' depaitment in the old Government stereo- typed way, but as business men looking out for cust'i-ners. We want to treat producers' as ouBtotnerB, and to understand that we lay oursolves out in every way to oblige them." ' GIFT DISTRIBUTION von DKÍUU'UJYKD. Reminder is given by adveitiaement that ali proceeds from sale ot tickets in aid of this movement must bo returned to the senretary not later than the 12th proximo. Arrange- ments have boen made for a bil yale meet on the Cricket Association's grounds on the 7tht> pn» ¡mo, admission to bo by the tickets of tho gilt diitiibutUui, so that patrons will have the sports and the olmnco in the dis tiibution of gifts for their shillings. The use of the ground« will be granted freo, so that the oxpeueos to be iucurred will bo nomina1, while the attraction to be provided by the Sports Committee, given a uno day, will be worthy u large attendance. f UNCLA MED TKLKGIIAM.-A mossage ad- dressed " Coinage, Hobart," awaits ». . claimtiut at the Tel-graph Office. Ho AUDI MI our SYSTFM - The monthly rnictiugof tlis CVntrnl Cimmittuo ivis held onlniirsday afternion Présent -Messrs jr J Salier, 1 Iknninan, O I Atkins and the Administrator of _li iitnbk Granta (Mi O'Hwyl») Arru Ruinent« » uti mido for thu »dmnsion of ft girl u^cd 12 yo ira into the Industrial School at Lauiicest n for doinctlu training prior to lur iippunticiship, also for tho admission of iinothet gul who will b« ofiigt noxt mouth R novvulsot ullowonops for the mainitnanuo of clnlitrrn in Lum «at in and Hobart nero iutholis«d till 'he enltfthojiar A lui toi ima uud from i ra tp.yr in tho Campbell lunn dmtnct, stating thut tho fithcr of some cluldrti bsa (led out ii as able to provide for them, ail it was shown on iho riport ol the VVardcn of thut mumu ( al ty that the man was oiniing baroly cnutu,li tu hcip hiniBiilt An »ppliibtiin from ft lad who has just completed his apprenticeship for the money standing lo his credit in the Saungs Rank wusupproiol It was stated that n com plaint made by this lad that his master lind ?11 treated linn had bein inuuiird into an I found to bo oorn.ot, all bimi.h a p tvious inquiry afew mouths b ok elicited u different opinion As the buy had ccmpletol hw term the oommitteo could take no action, but expressed an opinion that the mister was i n undtslrabl« person to havo an apprentice A lad iu Launceston WHS swarded ¿G 10a, bciug the amount to his citdlt in tho bank With refe once to thro* children boarded nut a' Launceston, sa it quirv was directed to ho made as to ilie dtdiral lmieus of removing them to Hobart TI e Vi«Iting Committed reporte I that the présenos of au elder brother in Launent n was ham ful to them In con nection with two ohildreu roferred to nt last meeting, who, it was alleged, had been deiurtod I y their father, it was reported tbatalotter balbi en received from the lather stating thut he had made arrange "ents for their support before leaving Kohurt, und would send money immediate!} Several applications'from persons wishing to setas fostui parent« huviug been considered, and othc-r husmeos of a di pa tmtntal cbsmctrr having been dealt with, the meet ¡og adjourned Niw POIICK Oi-ncts - Alt«rations"hale been ccmmuicod at the i ar of what is inown us the Old Nurses' Hume, in Liier pool stre-l, to fit tlit-m for tho UBe of tho Actint^l'olicB Magistrate, Mr Shaw too Superintendent of I'olice, and other officers connected with the work of the Municipal Police (oteo A gang of prisoners uro euguged, under an overseer fr.im the Public Works Dípurtnont staff, pulling down walls, opeuiug doors, and doing othoi work uf a preliminary uliuncter Iho rooms look large and roomy, and the impression nooma to bo that tiny will be made very sjilnbl'i for the purposes for which thej are re -quired lhey aro to bo reudy lor use curly iu I)e( ember next Crrv Poi ICE COURT-Mr Bernard Snaw, Acting I'oliio Mugistrato, nnd Mr Gibson, JP, presided at this (ouit yisttrduy Mai sr Ann Johnsuu, for dlaturhlng the peico in Collina street, was fined 40s und «oats, with the alternative of ona month's im pvifcouincnt J W, Ihomnson wus ordered to pty, within seien days, -4 7s, due as hospital fees for tho maintenance of Ina daughter Isabella thompson from April 24 till July 21 Geo Mutno was ordered to pay tho Binn of 10s , balnnco due on his account at thu General Hospital A prohibition order was on the application of Charles Lewis issued uguinat his wifo Eliza beth Lewis William Tibballs plcadod guilty to having stolen a silver cream jug, valued at 10s , from Ciptnn Parker ou tho 22nd lost. Détendant was ouly Id years of ago , lus mother said thut he »as altogether be- yond hot oontrol, Ins tuuduut ut hams being disgraceful. Iho Honoh ordered lUfoudai t to bo sont to tho Refoimutory fur hie years, after having undergone Bevon days' Imprison nient AMIOAI. POLIO*. TEAS -On Thursday evening, October 25, the Ladies' Christian Association invited the mtuiierB of the Police Forco to a toa and social evening lumbers of tho above Association, assisted by members of tho Voting Women'» Christian Association and Young Men's Chinitian Association, decorated the rooms The in ntcd guests wore mot by the word " Welcome," and when they entered the hall they saw tho tables substantially and prettily dcoorated At G .JO the tables Were well filled, und grace being sung the tea wai brought in unit ovtrybod) seemed glad to hate au opportunity of mooting their friends Hie tea ended und tabita cleared Mr Bernard Shaw took the chair, and a programme wus gone throuyn, in eluding solos, part sun.s, ucttatioi s, and short addresses by Messrs Htrnard Shaw sod Fang Aldermen Hiddkstone, Crisp and Johnson, members of the Police Cim najttce, also give shore addresses Mr Fagg announced that a Bible class for tho men und their ii ives wte held each Monday eienmg in the Lodge room, Mechanics' institute, and spoke of the periodical " On and olf duty," a special ¡»per prepared in I nglund for members of the force Sub Iusptotor hemp, on behalf of the force, tendurtd a hearty vote of thanks totheLCA for providing tho entertain mcnt,und to Mr Bernai d bhuw for presiding Tne Chairman closed with soino very appro priato words, referring to iuu present re JutiuDB with the City l'olico loree us noting PM, and tho complet ¡m of hiB 41 years servico in tho interests of tho administration of justi c Be also etiKurrod m Sub Inspnctor Ktmp's ?> ote ofthauks including the friends who had taken part in the progrimirsof the evening, and invited an expression of feeling by acclamation, willoh ivis Inurtily responded to 1 ho cloning hymn bin e, Bung, Mr G S Crouoh pronounLiid the benediction Last evening tiprugrimme similar to that of tho preceding night was gone through, a Bf conti division of tho police b ing the ^ucstB Sltoit addresses were givm by Messri J Macfarlane (Lhairniau) und Geo Fngg After tho conc'uslou of tho programme Supenut nd nts Fodder and Berestord re tamed thanks to the merni era of tho Ladies' Chtistian Association on behalf of tho City and Territorial polite respectively Mr Macfurluno itplud on behalf of 'ho ladies \\\ hen the closing b) inn " Keep me in stt p, ' had been uti g, Mr Maifurltiuo pronounced the benediction Nuv fJonioiit- At the Police Court yts er lay, Charles and Gordon Terry wero Daed 20s c tell and conto for an aggravated usault on a lad nan ed Dixon Elizabeth niggetts, brought up on remand on a charge ni infanticide, was committed for trial at the noxt sitting of the Criminal Court in Hobart. POONA AND INDIAN VILLAGE MISSION - Mr. Charles F. Reeve, director of this mission, gave an interesting account of the work among the people of India at a public meeting in the Temperance-hall last evening. Lieut.-Colonel Cruickshank (formerly of Poona) presided, and in introducing Mr. Reeve, gave a good deal of information about this great "British Empire in the East", he having been there 25 years. People often had the idea that those men of colour who sometimes figured in our police courts were Hindoos, but they were not. They were Mahomedans, and of whom a good Mahomedan would be far from proud. He spoke of the old Maharatta Empire, of which Poona was the capital, and the natives were very kind, hospitable people, though very poor. Mr. Reeve first impressed the audience with the magnitude of India, with its 288 millions of people, being more people than were in the whole of Africa and South America combined; 38 millions more than Dr. Taylor computed there were in China; more people than in all Europe, exclusive of Russla; ten times the population of Eng land, or one-fifth of the entire human race. It was a population very rapidly increasing, notwithstanding the poverty, and that 12 000 were said to die every hour. There were 23 million widows (child-widows often), and condemned to live a life of degradation and privation. There were 38 million girls under 15 years of age, and only 313,000 were permitted by their parents to be taught by Christian people. For such a country the missionary effort was very small. In many districts and villages the people had never yet heard of the Gospel, although everywhere they were most ready to hear, and treated the missionaries kindly. Two thirds of the missionary forces are engaged in education, and this system of educating the natives with the view of Christianising them was not a success. Preaohing the Gospel in the villages was attended by far greater results. The mission of which the speaker was the director did not make appeals for money. They only asked Christian people to pray tor them, and they trusted to God for supplies. He hoped to take more workers back with him to this most interesting mission field. A band of pray ing people would be formed in Hobart in connection with the mission, and the chair man and Mr. Duthoit would supply them from time to time with information about the progress of the mission. EUCALYPTUS OINTMENT prepared from the "run Uni ci, of the lnsmniila Ullin O um I» ii JlitvUlousIItalor of all Wound», *-oici- bUu «nuitlniiR nunn. Sudds, Soie Ives oi lip« »toil« L leers IUU« or atines lie In,! of ti Ucli fiiiLmld colour and balluga frntrrniilndntir of i nu. Ulm; Gum Leaf our Ointment i» easily l olMjutuishablo from thut of our imitators roi Couchs Colds Bronchitis, Asthmn mill nil catarrhul affections uso our Platypus Brand of buealyptuB oiobulus OU For Diphtheria. Boro ?oroat, etc., inhale and spray with Eucalyptus gttraot. Tasmanian Eucalyptus Oil Company, Hobart. H. T. Gould ft Co, Special Agent«. DKATII oí' Liitur.-Cor.oNHt HOSIE. Colonel R. C D. Home din) suddenly at his résidence, Quamby, near Hagley, last Tues- day afternoon, and the news of his decease was received with widespread expressions of rccret. Tho deceased gctitlemau, who arrived In Tasmania nt un enrlv epoch iu the ace of tho colony, was a subaltern in Uer M ijesty's 07th (South Hampshire) regiment. After a term of residence in the colonies ho returned to the mother-country, und for a iengthy p.-riod held high nllice in the Edinbuiith Military Barracks. Vacating this position Co (mel Home again caine to Tasmania, and iffter Ins arrival married a sister of the late Sir Richard Dry. He vi as tho first commanding oflicer of the Laun- ceston Artillery Corps, li iving ussumed that oflico in the year 1800. In the same yoar hu wus appointed J. P. for tho territory. Ho immediately preceded Colonel Legge as in- specting field ollie-r of tho regiment, nnd «as for some time cummandutit of the Tismnnlun forces. Il" wns a pain-taking, tfliciunl, and popularnlh'cer, and his military figure was uunl recent yeal s always seen at the Oucen's Birthday review, marching in enrnpany with the lito Colonel Hurrap. " Ho died «f jaundice, although his health had failed vo y much nf lato yearp. His memory will bo hold with the greatest respect by his lurge circle of friends, who may be found in every part of the colony. The remains of the deceased officer were interred on Friday with full military honours. A GENKROUS OFFER.-Mr. Webster, of tho firm of K. L. W«bstcr_Co.,thewell-kaown Huon coach proprietors, informed tho Fisheries Commissioners yesterday that his firm would bo pleased to convey all the fish the commissioners would caro to place in the lakes at Hartz Mountains free of charge to Geeveston. This vory generous offer of the entei prising firm of Messrs. Webster» Co. is ono that all interested in the opening up of our tourist resort will highly appreci- ate. MRS. ANNIE BÍSANT.- Tnis famous lec- turer and authoress, termed by Mr. Stead, in his Jleview of Jlchiiwi, " the most eloquent of living women," und who is nt present lecturing to crowded audiences in Now Zea- land, will arrive in Hobart by the Tarawera, Mrs, Bosant excited great enthusiasm in Molbourne and Sydney, her audiences in the latter city overflowing on to tho stsge of the Opera House whenever she appeared. Cnorpixo CONTESTS.-Contests under tho auspices of the United Australasian Axe. men's Association will bo held at Ulverstone on tho 28th and 29th prox., £800 ia to be given in prize money and trophies. Tho programme includes 13 events. Entries close to-day. Victorian entries ure coming freely, but Huon entries ure so far nil. Tne secretary, Mr. H. A, NioholB.hopes some will yet come, as thu prize money is Burely big enough to induce competitors even from distant places. He will be happy to answer anv questions. DERWENT SAIMNO Cuni.-This club will open its season noxt Saturday, Tenders are invited and will bo received till Monday noxt for laying down buoys and sealing ballast, CAMBKIDOE ROAD TENDERS.-The Cam- bridge Maia Road Board will receive tenders till noon on Monday for work to he done in Evans' quarry, Cumbridj/o. The Cambridge Road Trust will also receive tenders up to the same date fur 24 chums of rubbling on the Beltanu-road, Specifications and par- ticulars of both works trm y be Been at the Bjllcrive Post Office. O.S. HOON.-This favourite steamer is announced tor an excursion to South Arm next Wednesday afternoon Hopkins and Bujo's String Bind will be on board, un I will also play at South Arm-hall. A sale of pruduco, cricket matoh, and . other attrac- tions are advertised. EXCURS ON TOt-ooTli ARM.-3.«. Huon will make an excursion to South Arm on Wednesday nnxt, at 2 15 p m. A sale of produce and a cricket matoh are to be held ia that district on that date. STEAMBOAT EXCURSION,-It is announced by »dvertiBemont that the s.s. Huon has been chartered to make a trip to Taylor's Bay on theOth November, from Franklin and Port Cygnet. The Marino Board haB given special permission to visit the South Bruny lighthouse I.O.G.'f.-At tho regutor weekly setsion of the Miranda Lodge on Thursday evening the olection of officers for the ensuing quarter resulted thus :-Bro. Ellis, CRT; Sister Thomas, V.T.; Bro, Fletcher, chap.; Bro. Ellis, jim., sec; Sister Hollis, F.S ; Sister Williams, treasurer ; Bru. Kirk, marshal ; Bro. Pearce, guard ; Sister Budd, sentinel ; Sister Glock, assistant sec; Sister Lamb, D.M. TASMANIAN PERMANENT EXECUTORS AND TRUSTEES' ASSOCIATION.-A general mooting will be held at Lsuucostou on Monday afternoon, LAUIEH' Coi-PO- BAZAAR-Toe annual bnziur In sid of the /.enan» und Chinese missions will ba held ut the Ladies' College, Macquario-etrcet, this afternoon and cveuiug. Old pupils nnd frir-nds are invited to assist. VICE- RKOAL * PnoTooR*rns. - Mossrr. Wherrett &Cu;, annouuee by advertisement that thoy havo been permitted by tho Viscountess Gormanston to dispose of copies of her photngruph recently taken, lier Ladyship has expressed unalloyed satisfac tinti at the success attained by Messrs. Wherrett in producing her photograph hy the plntinotypo system, the result being tho best Hi r Ladyship hi» soon, compared with thu work ot some of the best English and Continental artiste. Of tho perfection of the work the public have opportunity of judging to-duy, us copies of the portrait will bo on view at Messrs. Whenctt's studio. With them HIBO will be displayed photo- graphs of the young solons of the house of Gormanston, lulen en coitmnr for the recoot tableaux given at r.bo 'lVmperanue-hall. The pictures real I j- deserve being clussed as works of art, uud uro slnkingsouvenirs of au interesting event. Hiau-nTUUKT WESLKYANSUNDAY-SCHOOL -Thu 58th annivertury will be celebrated to- morrow, when sermons will bo preached by tho Rev. S. J. Sulliugs, of New ¡Norfolk. No doubt there will be, us usual, a largo gathering of parents and friends of the children-many of which wore thentselveB scholars In this school, and not a few hold prominent positions in the city. MASONIC BALI,.-Preliminary notice is given in the advertising columns of this issue that the annual Masonic ball, in nid of tho Tasmanian Masonio Benevolent Fund, will ho held on or about Thursday, Decom borO. LAWRENNY ESTATE.-Mr.Nicho'as Brown informs us that tenders huve been accepted for sinking the shaft for coal on this eula e to u deptn of 50ft,, and for carting to Macquarie Plains stutiou. Tho tender of Mr. W. Anderson is tho ouo accepted forth« shaft sinking, and that of Mr. A. Wenberley, of Hamilton, for tho carting. LINCOLNS AND Siiiiorsiiir.Ks -Tho S.B. Talune, from Now Zealand to Melbourno, had 170 stud Lincolns and Shropshire cwoa and rams on board yesterday, Bluppcd at Lyttolton to a Melbourne order. SACKI.D CONCERT.-The choir of the Memorial Coiinrvgationnl Church wHl give another popular sacred concert in their church on Tuesday evening next. No trouble ia being spared to make tin enter t&inment; a success, and thu names of those ladies and gentlemon who are assisting, which uppoir In another column, are suffi- cient guarantee of tho excellence of the programme. I THE STARTING SCREEN AT CADLFIELD - Johnaone & Gleuson's patent starting machine, which lins been working satis- factorily for some months past at the Moonee Valley and Maribyrnong racecouiBes, was tested at Cuulliold on Saturday, 20th inst. The experiment was completely successful in the opinion of the experts who witnessed the manner iu which the two large fields ono consisting of two year-olds and tho other of mixed ages-were despatched. Mr. George Watson, starter for the V.A.T.C., ¡ who touched the oleotrio button which re | loasod the screen, also stated that starting by tho use of the machine was very satis- factory. The machine consists of a screen or barrier of eight light ropes stretched parallel to euch other at au interval of 2in. or 3in. These ropes are attached to strong bands of indiarubber, fitted with pulley attachments that run on a wire rope. The strain of the whole sareen is borne by a strong poBt sunk into the ground at each side of the' track. The distance spinned at Caulfield waa 132ft. When the horses huve ali reached the« turtingpointthesoreen is lowered so that the top is about level with the horses' heads, and tho starter, watching his oppor- tunity, touches the button, and the screen Ulna up to the top oi the wire rope with the velocity of a shot from u catapult, and the field is off In tbo Nursery Handicap 22 runners were despatched ou moll even tarms that it waa hurd to say whether any one horse was in advance of the other. The start for the Windsor Handicap was almost equally successful. After a vory few seconda d-ltty Mr. Watson released tho spring, and 17 of tlie 20 runners shot away at once, «.hilo the other threo were left at the post for u fraction of a seoond. Tho representa- tives of tho V.R.C., who watched the work- ing of the maonine, oxproBscd themsolves us very favourably impressed. Tho advantages of the uorceo wore strikingly demonstrated hy tho contrast in the sturSfortho Caulfield Cup, when the spectators were irritated by a delay of 15 minutes before Mr. Watson succeeded in getting the 30 runners away on I anything like an equality of,terms, SANDY BAY SAILING: CLUB.-Notico Is givon in our advertising columns that the annual general meeting will be held on the Gthpioximo at the Queenborough school- room. 'TASMANIAN GOVERNMENT RAILWAYS. Attentioti is drawn to the cheap trips on the Derwent Valley Line announced in another column. WANTON MISCIIIM*. - A correspondent writes:-"The yachtowners in Sandy Bay aro the victims of some malicious person, who is cutting the bunya from the yacht moorings, and so causing the mooring chain to sink, four having been cut this week. It is Btipposod that this ia done by some persou who hopes to got the job of picking them up again, und yachtsmen would do well if they recovered tho moorings them- selves, instead of piying 10s. to an outsider for doing so. The potico should take the mutter in hand at onou, for yuchtowncrs have just as much right to be protected from damage of 11lia kind ns a houseowner ¡a pro- tected from thlovc«." THE STATE OK NEW ZEALAND.-The Sydney Daily 'Telegraph states that quito recently a young man, who said he had worked his passage from New Zealand in the stokehole oi tho Rototnahuna, called at the office of that journal with an urgent rcquost to waru persons against crossing over to that colony in the hope of obtaining work, as woik was not to he had, arid largo numbers of porsonB were starving in all parts of tho country. Over a year ego, at Lyttel ton, ho said, ho found about 300 men out of work,-and no chance of getting employment for himself. From Lyttdten hu went on to Auckland, where about GOO mon, married and single, wero depending for relief upon tho various charitable institutions and the Government. Through the King Country he travelled to Napier, and there the crops were rotting in the ground, and mon walk- ing about in gangs of fifties and sixties. De started from Auckluud, so he states, on I February 13, and landed in Wellington on October 12. Whtrcver he went there wa« want of work and consequent staivation. In Wellington, the distress was, according to his story, " something awful," tho Govern- ment finding beds and food to keep the un I fortunato peoplo from absoluto starvation. I Throughout the South Island, things were no better, and, indeed, the only city that seemed to bo getting along at all comfortably was Dunedin, where, as he put it, " the men. instead of going out on strike, had accepted the best wageB the employers could afford to Rive," TEAoniNo THE QUEEN'S ENGLISH. - " Listener " writes te a London paper : "Sauntering down a Kentish lane a few days ago, I passed tho open doora of a village school, and stood still as I caught the sounds of infant voices singing in chorus these words, so suitable to the season, * Wo oarry tho umbrella. W« car.-y tin- nmbreliu. We carry tho umbrella.' Then a pause. Then the mistress's voice, ' What ships is it 7 What ships is it ? What Bhip'i ¡sit?' 'It's reound. It'sreound. It's reound.' ' Now answer-What shipe is it ?' Children (in chorus) : ' It's reound.' Mistress: 'What shipo is it?' Children : 'It's reound.' MiBtress: 'Quicker; what shipaisit?' Children (at high speed) : 'It's reound. It's reound. It's 'reound.' Sir, I prophesy that in examination this school will ' taiko the caiko.' " The Kentish vernacular IB very much like Tasmanese. A CURATE'S DILEMMA.-Mr. Payn has a funny story of a curate in the Cornhill. This unfortunate man having a horse whioh lind been ordered by the " vet." to take sea baths, thought ono diy that he would com- bine his own bath and his hoise's. So he jumped stark naked on tho animal's back : "She turned short rouud, and before ho could throw himself off, mado straight for a little town of whioh he was (or rather thought he was) the perpetual curate. He wns not fastened to his steed like Mazeppa ; he was not a voluntary equestrian, like Lady Godivo, but he had not the presencu of mind to throw himself off, and, like the other lady in iho ballad, he had ' nodings on.' That day was the lust of his curacy." SHUNTING I IFF.-No fewer than Ova ooou ptaots of tho Bench, Tho Law Journal says, will become entitled to retiring pensions in 1800\. The first will bo Mr. Justice Mathow, who wits appointed a judge on March 3,1881, Eleven days later Mr, Jostico Cave will complete his 15 years of service on the Bench, and before tho end of tho same month Lord Justico Kay will do likewise, Mr. Justice Chitty will achieve a similar distinction in September, aud Mr. Justice North in Novemoer, when, if no material ohanges meanwhile occur on the Bsnch, tho number of judgos who havo sit for over 15 years will be doubled, Tho number of judgos ii ho havo alreudy completed 15 years of service in thu courts is fivo. The names of these judges, with their years of service, areuB follow :-Lord Ei-hcr, 25 years ; Lord Justice Lindley, 10 ; Lord Justice Lopes, l8 ; Baron Pollock, 21 ; Mr. Justice Hawkins, l8. THE RIKLK BALLS or HIE FUTURE.-The reduction of tho calibre of guns isneces arily accompanied with a diminution in the ' weight of tho projectile. The length of the latter, in fact, uaunot exceed a certain limit, boyond which it would no longer have Btiffiolent stability In ita trnj-ctory. It would ttieroforc be of considerable interest to have at our dispoeul, for the manufacture of riilo bolls, a metal of reasonable price, und heavier than le td. One of the metals upon which hop:B may bo founded, remarks the JttvM d'Armes Portatives et de T¡r, is tungsten. This metal, which is utmost as hard ns steel, has ii density varying from 17 to 10'3, say one und a half times that of lead, By reason of such qualities, bulls of tungsten, of equal dinu-n- dons, possess a power of penetration much greater than that of load. Thus, a tungsten bull pene- trates a steel plata 3in. in tiickursi at a distance of 050 yards, while a similar ono of lead penetrates ii 2-jm. plate nt 325 yards only. Tho present obstacle to the use of tuogstcn ¡B its relatively high price, but there ure indications thut this will soon be lowered to reasonable li .¡tires. TIIKLAIIYCYCLIST.-A Paris correspondent writes :-" The ivhcelwoinan is ubiquitous, und whichever way you turn she apteds into sight and quickly speeds away again. There Is no stemming the curront of popularity, uud bicycling lias cuugnt on with every- body-the young, the middle-uged, and even the old vying with lads, und mature matrons, surrounded by their 'progcnituie,' and disdaining neither tho cycle saddle, nor the, in many instancos, ill-becoming cycling costume, I have watohed with amused eyes tho progress of the cycling costumn from Its ii ret rind timid appearance with ugly ankle-deep akilt, that was not only unbeautiful, but also incon vcuiont, and, moreover, dangerous, to the latest devico of the cycling costumiers' art. which consists In audaciously ' fitting ' knickers, gaiters, and RuBbian blouse bolted at the waist, without counting the many and varied combinations, the 'fancy' variety, und the much adopted Zouave pantaloons, which, wheo p opsrly cut and fitt-d-neither too scanty m.r too full form, without doubt, the most decent be- coming, and convenient costumes adopted by the pedalling sisterhood. I mpposs there may be a certain idea fnught with indelicacy, according to old ladies' ideas, in habiliments of this sort. High black cloth gaiters, buttoning to the knee, where they uro rejoined by the full pants, how- ever, do away completely with any sugges- tion of insufficiency of dress and'arc ndopted by most of the Parisian aristocrats when riding." ______________ 